Jessica Watkins Presents

FOREVER



by TIFFANY PATTERSON





Copyright © 2016 by Tiffany Patterson

Published by Jessica Watkins Presents



All rights reserved, including the right of reproduction in whole or in part in any form. Without limiting the right under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form by means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner. This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.





Chapter One

Landon

“Keep it up! You can do it. It’s our last set. Finish strong!” I hear the annoying instructor on the workout DVD yell out as I come down the stairs to see the love of my life panting while she lifts each knee in quick succession to keep up. I tilt my head and bite my bottom lip, staring at her round ass through the light pink workout shorts she’s wearing. From the profile, I see her ass and tits jiggling as she begins her end of workout cool down. I adjust myself through my sweatpants and I move fully into the living room.

“You know I can help you work out if you need me.”

She’s startled when I come up behind her. “Landon, I didn’t know you were awake,” Melody answers breathlessly.

Her hard breathing reminds me of the night before when I had her panting for me to give her a break. “I mean, if you didn’t get enough of a workout last night.” I lean down and bite her earlobe, knowing she loves that shit. I smile when I feel her shiver in my arms.

“Babe, I need to finish stretching. I’ll be sore later on if I don’t.” She tries to squirm out of my grasp.

“Let me help you stretch.” I turn her to face me and I get lost in those large brown pools. I reach down and grip her full ass with both hands. Luckily for me, I have large hands because my woman’s ass is two handfuls worth of delectable firmness. I’ve always liked different types of women. It never mattered to me. If I found them attractive, I made my move. When I saw my brown skinned, curvy goddess by that pool in Puerto Rico, I knew she’d wind up in my bed. Little did I know she’d steal my heart in the process. Now, nearly nine months later, not only is she in my bed every night, but she is sporting a huge-ass rock on her ring finger letting the world know she is taken.

“I can stretch on my own, thank you very much.”

I finally loosen my grip and let her step out of my hold. I decide to watch as she bends over, loosening up the muscles she’s worked out. The stirrings in my pants begin again. “Why are you working out so much now anyway?” I ask. She started this kick about two weeks ago, around the same time I proposed.

She picks up the remote and presses the power button to turn off the huge flat screen TV mounted on the wall. She turns, placing a hand on her hip and gives me a questionable look, as if asking, ‘Are you serious?’

“What?”

“You can’t possibly be asking me why I’m working out so much. Hello?” she says, holding up her hand with her engagement ring on it. “We’re getting married soon. I have to look good in whatever dress I end up choosing and the pictures. I’m marrying Landon freaking Rogers, football god. I don’t even want to think about how many people will end up seeing our wedding pictures.” She walks over to our sub-zero refrigerator, opening it and taking out a pitcher of lemon water, pouring both of us a glass.

I gratefully take the glass of water and drink it down in one gulp.

“So, you’re working out because we’re getting married?” I ask after placing the glass in the sink.

“Well, yeah, I want to look good for you on our day.”

That response knocks me right in the gut. This woman can’t possibly see herself the way I see her. Even now, sweaty, in a pair of pink workout shorts, a black workout top, and barefoot, she’s the most beautiful image I’ve ever seen. Yeah, I know. I’m pretty far gone over this woman. Oh well…

“The only way you wouldn’t look good on our day is if you weren’t to show up, and I’m not about to let that shit happen. As far as I’m concerned, you’re already my wife,” I say as I make my way over to the kitchen sink closer to her. I pluck the now empty glass from her hand and place it on the counter. I capture her lips in a possessive kiss, laying claim to her. All of her. I then pull back. “I’m marrying you for you. Not because you fit into a certain size wedding dress or because you look good on my arm, which you do by the way. We’re getting married because you are the love of my life and I’m yours. Everything else is bullshit as far as I’m concerned.”

I have no idea where these words come from, but with her, it’s just easy to express what I’m feeling. I never want her to doubt me or what we have. I can tell I’ve said the right thing because she smiles and lowers her head, stepping into my embrace.

“I love you,” she mutters, squeezing me around the waist.

I move my arms around her sides, under her shirt and cup her breasts through the restrictive sports bra she’s wearing. I frown. I hate these damn things. I much prefer her in one of the lacy bras I’ve purchased for her in the last eight months, or better yet, no bra at all. That will be the situation soon enough, I think to myself as I lean down and lick the side of her neck. I taste the salty sweat from her workout. When she moans my cock jumps in my pants, demanding a release soon.

“Landon, we can’t. You’re going to make me late for work again,” she purrs.

If she thinks she’s going anywhere while this raging hard-on still exists, my sweet fiancée is sadly mistaken. “So quit. You don’t need to work anyway,” I taunt as I push her out of the kitchen.

“I’m not quitting. I need to shower.”

“That’s exactly where we’re going. “

When we make it up to our bathroom, I turn on the shower and adjust the water temperature. I turn to my love and pull her shirt over her head and toss it into the laundry basket in the corner. I move to her shorts and push them down her hips and legs. When she steps out of them I stand and unzip the sports bra, releasing those heavy mounds I love sucking on. I bend down and twirl my tongue around one distended nipple. I move to the other one and give it the same attention. I pull back when my erection begins to get painful. I push her cotton panties down her legs and make quick work of getting out of my own clothing. Without thinking, I pull her into the steamy shower.

“Landon! My hair!” Melody yells.

I laugh at the scowl she gives me. I forgot how pissed she gets when I get her hair wet.

“Sorry, babe,” I say, but instead of letting her grab the shower cap she keeps by the shower door, I press her body against the wall. I reach up and take the little holder she was using to keep it in a bun. I put my hand in her hair, massaging her scalp as her kinky, coily locks fall down around her shoulders. “I’ll wash it later for you, babe.”

“Landon, I don’t have time to wash my hair,” she pouts.

She doesn’t, but oh well… Instead of responding, I lean in and take her lips once again. She doesn’t refuse me. She never does. Our kisses are always amazing. Whenever our lips touch it’s always as if it were the first time. I take my time allowing my tongue to explore the depths of her warm mouth. Her arms reach up and grip the back of my head, just the way she knows I like it. She presses her entire body against mine. I break off the kiss and immediately fall to my knees. I place my arms under her knees and place her legs over my shoulders, bringing me level with her intimacy.

“Landon, hurry.” She begins thrusting her hips in my face and I can’t refuse the delectable meal she is offering.

I know she does need to get to work soon, so I decide to go directly for her hot spot. I flick my tongue over her distended bud, and then twirl my tongue around it. As I suck her sensitive clit, I insert two fingers inside her. She is already wet, so I slide in easily. I pump my fingers into her at the same time my mouth continues working on her clit. Her grip on the back of my hair tightens as her hips pick up speed.

“Ohh, fuck!” she yells as she cums.

I feel her pussy walls tighten around my fingers and I groan against her sex. When the last of her convulsions leaves her body, I place her legs down, and immediately stand, pushing my thick cock into her. I push all the way in to the hilt, and she gasps as I moan against her neck. “You’re so fucking tight,” I grunt. I pull her head back by her hair and kiss her hard and I begin pounding into her.

“Fuck me, baby,” she pants as she thrusts her hips into mine. “Just like that. Oh shit.”

I fucking love it when she talks dirty. I grow even harder from her words, and reach down to pull her legs up. I brace our bodies against the shower wall and push both of her knees toward the wall, opening her up wider for me. I give her one long stroke and then a short one, followed by another long one. I keep up this rhythm, allowing the top of my cock to graze her clit every time I push into her. “That how you like it, Red?” I ask, reverting to the nickname I gave her for the red bathing suit I first spotted her in. It’s my favorite color on her.

“Yes, give it to me.”

“As you wish.” I pump in a frenzy, giving her everything I have and soon we are both cumming. I pump her full of my semen. We stopped using condoms months ago when she went on the pill. Hell, I would’ve stopped using them birth control or not, but Mel insists on being married before even entertaining the idea of getting pregnant.

“Now, for your shower and to wash your hair,” I gasp, still working to catch my breath from our lovemaking. I cut her off with a kiss when I see she is about to protest. I love this woman. Nothing is ever coming between us. I simply won’t allow it.

****

Melody

I hurry through the huge double doors of the school building and rush up the steps, making sure that the black, pencil skirt I am wearing doesn’t ride up my backside. I make it into the main office slightly winded and sign my name in at 7:59. The bell rings at 8:01. I barely made it. While I’m still not considered late, I like to get to my office at least fifteen minutes early to go over my day. Although, I’m not a teacher, and I don’t have a classroom to set up or assignments that need to be ready for my students as soon as they enter the door, I do like giving myself a few minutes of breathing room before that first bell rings.

“Just barely made it in, I see. Again,” the hint of laughter in her voice causes me to chuckle.

“But I made it,” I turn and reply to my good friend, Paulette. Paulette is actually the school nurse. She used to work full-time at an area hospital, but once she got married and started her own family, she wanted a position that had a little more free time and regular hours, so she took on a job with the Philadelphia School District. She’s been at this school for the last five years, which is just as long as I’ve been here.

“I remember those days back when Paul and I were in the honeymoon phase. We could barely keep our hands off each other. Now, we consider ourselves lucky if we manage to wake up without one of the kids’ feet inserted in our faces.” We both laugh. And yes, Paulette’s husband’s name is Paul. Irony, I know. He’s a bigtime banker who works in Center City, Philadelphia, but they live just outside the city. Paulette pushes her mid-back length straightened hair back behind her ear and then wraps her arm around mine. Her light complexion speaks to her biracial ethnicity. Her father is Jamaican, and her mother is white American. “So, tell me the details. Would that big strapping football god not let you leave this morning?”

I laugh and shake my head at her silliness. I’m not one to divulge the intimate details of my sex life with my fiancé, and she knows this. “All I will say is that afterwards that man would not let me leave until he assisted with washing my hair and before he fed me breakfast, knowing that I didn’t have time for all of that.”

“Imagine that. A man who wants to make sure you look good and are fed before starting your work day. We should be so lucky,” she swoons.

“Shut up. Like Paul would ever let you starve.”

She sighs lovingly. “I know. We’ve got some great men. Well, I won’t keep you. See you for lunch,” she says as we arrive at my office a little ways down the hall from hers.

“All right, I’ll talk to you later,” I respond as she turns and heads to her own office.

The next few hours are a blur of meetings with social workers, parents, teachers, and students who seek my services throughout the day. I thoroughly enjoy my job working as a middle school psychologist, but it definitely has its challenges. On any given day, I may discover that one of my students grew up in a home with horrific abuse or neglect, or that he witnessed his older brother being gunned down at the age of six, or that he’s sharing a home with multiple relatives and may not have had enough to eat the previous day. Dealing with home lives like that, there’s no wonder that concentrating in school is often low on their list of priorities. Around two o’clock I enter my office after my last social worker meeting, and toss my keys on the desk. I stare at the Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs poster on my wall. It’s a friendly reminder to check in with myself throughout the day to make sure I have taken care of all my basic needs. I also use it as a tool to help deal with my students. If their basic needs of safety and security aren’t met, there’s no way I can get them to open up to me to focus on what’s really bothering them.

“Hey, Ms. James.”

I smile as I turn to greet one of my favorite students. I should take that back. As a professional, it’s my job not to have favorites, but sometimes I can’t help it.

“Good afternoon, Gabriella,” I reply, moving papers off the office chair so she can sit.

Gabriella is an eighth grader in my school. It’s her final year before going on to high school. I’ve been seeing her since she was in sixth grade. Like many of the students in my school, she’s being raised by a single mother who works long hours. She doesn’t get a lot of home support, and navigating those early teenage years without some help can be an adjustment. For the most part, she’s a great kid. She’s a bit quiet, shy even, and that coupled with the fact that she’s very pretty with her long curly hair, caramel skin tone, and golden eyes, means she’s often targeted for bullying because some other girls deem her stuck up.

“How’s your day going, Gabriella?” I always begin our weekly session the same way.

She shrugs. “Okay, I guess.”

From that response alone, I know she has something she wants to discuss. I sit back in my chair and cross my legs, remaining quiet, allowing her the room and space to sort out her thoughts.

“Sheila tried to start with me again in the hallway.” Sheila is another girl she has been having trouble with. She even had to switch classrooms after Sheila showed up at her house with a group of girls ready to fight. Luckily, Gabriella’s mother was home and refused to let her daughter out.

“What happened?”

Gabriella proceeds to tell me about how during class transition, Sheila rolled her eyes and started whispering to another girl once they saw her in the hallway. For the most part, it’s typical teenage he-said-she-said stuff, but it has the potential to grow into big trouble if an end isn’t put to it.

“Oh, and I met someone,” she continues, jumping from one topic to another.

I can see by the starry-eyed gaze in her golden eyes that this someone is a boy. “Tell me about him.” I smirk. I work hard to maintain a professional relationship with my students, but I also want them to be able to confide in me. Gabriella spends the next ten minutes telling me about this boy, Miguel, she met through her cousin. Apparently, he’s in high school, which causes me to raise my eyebrow, but I don’t say anything. I just make a note in my file to keep an eye on this budding relationship. We go on to discuss her classes and what high schools she’s thinking about enrolling in next year. I’ve encouraged Gabriella to apply to a couple of the high-ranking high schools in the city. I know with her grades and test scores, she’d be able to get in and would do well at a better performing school.

At the end of the day, I pack up my belongings and get ready to head home for the evening. I can’t wait to see my man. Although it sucks his team didn’t make it to the Super Bowl this year, I have to say I am loving coming home to him after work most days.

“I see your fast ass hurrying home to that man of yours.” Paulette snickers from behind me as I enter the staff parking lot.

“Uh-huh, and your ass is right behind me too,” I tease back.

“Well, you know…” We both laugh at that. Paulette likes to tease, but she stays running home to her husband the same way I run home to mine.

“We still on for lunch this weekend?” I ask, loading my car.

“Sure are,” she confirms.

“Good. Later, girl.”





Chapter Two

Landon

“So, Landon, tell us your prediction for the big game. We know you have some thoughts,” Mike O’Reilly, the primary host of this sports commentary show prompted.

I’m guest hosting because it’s the Friday before the Super Bowl, wherein, unfortunately, my team isn’t playing. We lost the final game in our playoff bid, which would have sent us to the big game.

“Well, Mike, San Diego’s got a strong defense, and if they can hold off Chicago’s offensive line, I think they could take it all the way,” I say, remembering how San Diego’s defense had overpowered my own team’s offense just a few weeks ago.

“You know, Landon, I agree with you. But Burkowski’s been putting up numbers this post-season, showing what he’s made of. San Diego will have a tough time stopping him,” he responds of Chicago’s up and coming quarterback.

I nod in agreement. “That’s true, but it remains to be seen how he performs on the big stage.” I know full well how the stakes are raised when you’re playing in the Super Bowl. Nerves become a huge factor.

“Now let’s chat about something a little closer to home now that we have you here,” Mike says, changing topics. “Speaking of big days and all, congratulations on your recent engagement.”

I nod and grin. “Thank you.”

“Can you tell us when the big day is?”

“Well,” I pause, looking over behind the camera to see Melody’s big brown eyes on me. “I would marry her tomorrow, but I’m told it takes time to put a wedding together, so it looks like we’re still a few months out.”

“In other words, you haven’t set a date yet.”

“Not yet, but the sooner the better,” I say, still staring at Mel. She knows I don’t give a shit about a big, opulent wedding. I just want her to have my last name as soon as possible so we can get started on making babies and lifetime memories.

“Well, ladies and gentlemen, I know the look of a man who is smitten when I see it.” Mike laughs and the rest of the studio joins him.

We finish up the segment a few minutes later, and I stroll over to my smiling fiancée.

“You looked great on camera, baby,” she gushes. “I told you that dark navy suit would go great with your skin tone and bring out the blue in your eyes,” she continues, brushing a few of my dark brown hair strands away from my face.

I grab her hand and press a quick kiss to her palm. “Hey now, I’m not just a pretty face.”

She laughs. “Yeah, I hear you’ve also got a pretty good throwing arm.”

I smirk mischievously and lean in closer to her. “I’ve got a pretty big cock too.”

“Landon!” she gasps, eyes bulging. Her toffee skin changes to an interesting shade of red.

“Say it,” I growl, using my finger to raise her chin.

“I’m not saying that here!” She tries to look to see if anyone’s watching us, but I don’t let her take her eyes from me.

“Why not? You had no problem saying it last night. Remember? Oh Landon, your cock is so big. I can’t breathe,” I pant, mimicking the very words she’d used in our lovemaking the night before.

“Oh my God! I can’t believe you.” She swats my arm and tries to walk away, but I pull her in even closer.

“Tell me you love my big cock,” I say low in her ear. I feel her breathing a little heavier.

“You’re such a jerk.”

I smile at the truth of her words, but also because I hear the breathy tone and I know my words are hitting their mark. “Tell me you love my big cock.”

“I love your big cock, you jerk,” she says.

I grin before planting a huge kiss on her.

When she pulls back she attempts to give me a scowl, but I see the heat in her eyes. Before I can tease her some more, I hear a few snickers around the room. Mel notices it too and steps out of my embrace, looking around the room. We notice, at the same time, there are eyes on us, and some of the camera crew are laughing. Melody whips her head back to stare at me before she begins feeling over my chest. Before I can ask her what she is doing, she finds what she’s looking for.

“Oh my God, Landon! Your mic is still on,” she shrieks as she pulls the tiny microphone from under my tie.

I can’t help the roar of laughter that erupts from my chest realizing the entire crew had just heard our little exchange.

“That’s so not funny!” Mel swats my arm and walks away.

I simply take a bow for the crew, who then erupts in cheers before I head off to follow Mel.

****

Landon

I took Mel home so she could get ready for her lunch date with Paulette and headed over to where my construction and landscaping company is building our new home. Eight years ago, my buddies, Tank and Marco, and I decided to put our knowledge and finances together and start our company, LMT Construction, Incorporated. Because Tank and I are mostly occupied with football during the year, Marco, our former teammate from college, works for the company full-time as the president. Since starting the company, we’d grown every year since the first, even during the recession, and we’d just acquired a new contract to build all the homes in a new subdivision. Business was looking good, and this was part of my retirement plan once I was done with football. Now that marriage and kids were on my mind, I found myself investing more time in the business to have something to pass on to my children and to take care of Melody long-term. This company plus the many investments I made over the years had earned me more money than I could spend in a lifetime. I was not about to become one of those pro athletes who goes broke five years after leaving the game. Hell fucking no!

I unfurled the construction plans of the two-story home we’d broken ground on just the week before. The concrete had already been poured, and the beginnings of the structure were in place. Marco knew his shit, and from the looks of it, this home would be finished ahead of schedule just like our last two constructions. I smiled internally as I looked around at the subdivision and pulled up the collar on my pea coat. A few seconds later, the prickly hairs on the back of my neck stood on end. Turning to see what caused the reaction, the semi-smile I wore immediately turns into a frown.

“That was a cute little show you and your friend put on this morning.”

My frown turns into a full-blown scowl as I stare at Mindy. The wind whips her long brunette hair around her face, yet she never takes those sea green eyes off of me.

“My fiancée,” I correct her. She’s been doing this since Mel and I got engaged. Referring to her as my friend instead of my fiancée. Mindy works at the news channel I’d commentated for this morning. I’m sure she got a front row seat to Mel’s and my little scene after the show. The thought actually made me smile. This woman’s been trying to get my attention again ever since Mel and I became public.

“Whatever,” she huffs. “What are you doing with her, Landon?” she practically whines.

I don’t give into her histrionics. Women like Mindy enjoy getting a rise out of you. As soon as they know they can get a reaction, they know they’ve won. There was a time I thought we could be cordial after we parted ways last year, before I even met Melody. Apparently not. Since Mel and I became an item, Mindy has seemingly become obsessed with winning me back. This isn’t the first time she’s shown up where I am, unannounced and uninvited.

“What my fiancée and I are doing is none of your business. Now as you can see, you’re on private property.” I pause, looking around the property for emphasis. “It’s time for you to make your departure.” I barely glance at her as I gather the construction plans.

“You don’t get to dismiss me so easily, Landon!”

Again, I don’t respond.

“You will regret leaving me for her. Just remember you brought whatever happens on yourself.” Her voice has taken on a bit of a shrill tone.

I continue to wrap up my plans and then look at my watch as if bored.

“Fine.” I hear before hearing her departing footsteps. Although I haven’t given any outward indication, Mindy’s words do give me pause. I get the feeling she can be a loose cannon. I make a mental note to contact Michael, my manager, and have him speak with my publicist about that one. It’s their job to handle problems, and Mindy’s words indicate she’s going to be a problem. I tuck the construction plans under my arm and make my way back to my Range Rover parked in front of the house. When I reach the driver’s side I see there’s a piece of paper tucked under the windshield wiper. I know no one else is around, but I look up and down the street anyway just to double check. Picking up the paper, I read Mindy’s ominous warning.

This isn’t over!

The words are written in her handwriting, and it confirms my earlier thoughts. Oh yeah, she’s going to be a problem, I think as I sigh and climb into my vehicle.





Chapter Three

Melody

“What happened to your eye?” I ask, peering at Gabriella from across my desk. Though she’s attempted to cover it with makeup, the purple and blue bruise under her right eye is evident after staring at her for a few minutes.

“What?” she asks, attempting to play like she doesn’t know what I’m talking about, but she gives herself away when her hand automatically shoots up to her right eye.

I raise my eyebrow, “I said, what happened to your eye?”

She looks down at the floor for a few seconds and bites her lower lip.

I get a funny feeling in the pit of my stomach but remain quiet.

“This girl on my street was talking shit…I mean mess,” she corrects her foul language quickly.

I might be laid back with my students, but I do not let them curse in my presence.

“She said she could beat me up, so I told her to try, and that’s it.” She shrugs.

I know her that’s it is code word for we fought. Still, something isn’t sitting right.

“That’s it?” I inquire.

“Yeah, Ms. James. She was talking, so I had to handle it. No big deal.”

“What’s this girl’s name?”

Gabriella continues to stare at the floor as she remains unresponsive.

“Is she a student here?”

“No, Ms. James,” she finally huffs.

“I hope that fight was the last of it. I’ve told you about fighting simply because someone was talking mess. I don’t want to see you or anyone else get seriously injured or worse over something you won’t even remember a year from now.” My tone has taken on a sad lilt.

Gabriella looks up at me as she catches my meaning. She’s a bright girl and knows exactly what I am referring to. The previous year at our feeder high school, two girls got into a fight over some high school drama. Some say it was over a boy, and others say it was he-said-she-said drama. Either way, the two girls got into it outside a local convenient store where kids often meet up to fight. Apparently one of the girls fell, hit her head on the concrete and later died. The girl she fought was charged as an adult with manslaughter. Both were only sixteen. One young life was stolen and another’s forever ruined over petty drama. I did not want to see that happen to Gabriella or any of my other students.

“I hear you, Ms. James,” Gabriella concedes.

“You come talk to me if this girl gives you anymore issues, all right?”

“Okay,” she agrees and nods.

“You should be hearing back from the high schools you applied to in a few weeks.”

At this reminder, Gabriella’s face brightens up. I’m really aiming for her to get into one of the magnet schools she applied to. It could open up so many doors for her.

“You’ll let me know as soon as they come in, right?” she asks nervously.

“Of course.” The letters are sent to the school administrators to give to the students.

Just then the bell rings.

“Cool. I got class. Later, Ms. James,” Gabriella says before she exits my office, waving over her shoulder.

I smile and wave back, but once she is gone, I am left with a funny feeling in my gut. I don’t think Gabriella has given me the whole story on that fight. All I can do is hope she remains safe and out of trouble, which is the same as I do for all my students.

A few hours later, I make my way to my car, checking over the grocery list in my phone. Tonight I’m making Landon’s favorite meal: steak and potatoes. My man is a Midwesterner through and through. He’s been acting a little odd lately. I’m thinking this new contract his construction company has taken on may be adding to his stress. That with the wedding, which we still haven’t set a date for, and guest commentating. He may be taking on a little too much. That’s why tonight it’s all about making sure he has a relaxing evening.

****

Okay, ladies now let’s get in formation

Okay, ladies now let’s get information

Prove to me you got some coordination…

I dance around the kitchen to Beyoncé’s latest hit, singing as I remove the steak from the oven. The words of this song have me daydreaming about what Landon’s and my future children will look like. I wonder if we will have a daughter and will she have a little afro or more curly ringlets. She’ll be loved no matter what she looks like and I already know she’ll be a daddy’s girl. Just as I finish that thought, I look up to see my love’s blue eyes staring intently at me. My whole body feels flushed from the way he’s eyeing me.

“Hey, baby.” I smile and pick up the glass of wine I had ready, waiting for him. I make my way from behind the counter and I’m pleased when I hear him gasp.

“Fuck,” he mumbles.

Just the reaction I was looking for.

I smile. I’m wearing a silk negligee that stops at the tops of my thighs, and cups my breasts to perfection, with matching thong panties. And of course, it’s all in the color red my man loves to see me in.

“You’re looking for trouble tonight, aren’t you, Red?” His voice is low, but filled with that tone that gets me instantly wet.

“Only if it’s with you,” I respond, pressing my body to his and standing on my tiptoes with my head turned up.

He obliges my silent request and leans down, letting his lips brush across mine. I sigh contentedly at the first touch of our lips, and Landon takes advantage. He deepens our kiss, but I pull back before it gets out of hand. I laugh when Landon growls, attempting to pull me back into his embrace.

“No!” I say holding up my hand with the glass of wine in my grasp. “This is for you.” I take a step back. “Your dinner is still cooking. You take this and go up and shower after your long day. By the time you’re done, dinner will be ready, and I promise we’ll get into all the trouble you want,” I wink at him as he takes the glass and I turn back to the kitchen.

“Only because I need a shower after being at the site most of the day,” he returns, eyeing me as if I’m on the menu for dinner.

That thought has my brand new red silk thong drenched. I shiver as I watch Landon ascend the stairs at the same time he pulls his sweatshirt and white t-shirt over his head. Years as a professional athlete has sculpted his body to perfection. I lick my lips as I think of everywhere I want to lick on him tonight.

****

“Did you enjoy it?” I ask an hour later as I retrieve Landon’s empty plate from the table.

His hand covers mine, halting my reach. “Let me,” he says, standing to remove my plate and his from my hand to take to the sink. “It was delicious, Red. Thank you, but I’m ready for dessert now.” The way he is looking at me, I know I’m the dessert he’s referring to.

I slowly back away from the table into the living room. “Dessert will be served upstairs,” I croon.

“If we make it there,” he growls and lunges for me.

I jump and screech at the same time I turn and run up the stairs with Landon chasing me all the way to our bedroom. I am giggling uncontrollably by the time he catches me around the waist at our bedroom door. I can’t stop the moan that escapes my mouth as his lips grazes over my bare shoulder. I feel him pushing me down onto our huge sleigh bed, but I squirm out of his grip.

“Tonight is all about you, my love.” I say just above a whisper, pushing him down to sit on the edge of the bed. “You’ve been too tense lately. Let me help you take care of that.” I sink down in between his splayed legs, bracing my hands on his strong thighs. I feel him vibrating with need through his sweatpants. I push my hands up his thighs, and reach for his t-shirt. Landon helps me by lifting his arms, so I can pull the shirt off him. I return my gaze to his handsome face, to find his eyes are heavily lidded with desire. The way he looks at me always emboldens me. To know this man, who plays one of the world’s toughest, most violent sports, and is adored by millions of fans, can be so adoring and vulnerable with me, is a feeling unlike any other.

“I love you,” I whisper, reaching up to bring our lips together. I lick his lips and kiss along his jaw while my hands make their way into the band of his pants. I grin when I realize he isn’t wearing boxers underneath them. “Easy access,” I say.

His face softens as a grin appears and he winks at me.

I manage to pull his sweatpants down and off his legs, leaving him completely nude before me. I sit back on my haunches and stare at this masculine man before me.

“Red.” The warning in his voice tells me I better do something soon before I find myself on my back with my legs splayed open.

I reach out and wrap my hand around his now erect cock. My fingers can’t even wrap entirely around it, he is so thick. I often wonder how I am able to take in all of him. I lean down, and stick my tongue out, making contact with the tip. Landon hisses in pleasure above me, which spurs me on. I swirl my tongue around his thick head, before taking him completely into my mouth. I continue using my tongue to massage the underside of his cock. I hear Landon moan, and it makes my pussy muscles clench. I begin moving my head up and down more quickly and maneuver my hand down to massage him below. I feel Landon’s hand tightly grip my hair that is up in a high puff. A thrill shoots through me as the bite of pain from his pulling, courses through my body. I begin bobbing up and down even more quickly as I taste drops of his precum on my tongue. The slightly sweet taste of it makes me smile around his hard cock. Landon’s moans grow louder and more urgent. Within minutes I feel his cock swell and his balls draw up in my hand and I know he is about to erupt. I slowly pull back, releasing him from my mouth and continue massaging him with my hand. I stare up into his eyes shining with need and desire. His eyes meet mine, and I silently convey to him what I want him to do as I continue stroking him with my hand to his completion.

“Ahh fuck!” he screams as he releases.

The first warm squirt hits my lips and I immediately lick it up. Soon more of Landon’s hot semen splashes onto my face. The look of wonder and awe on his face has my panties soaking wet. This is the only man I would allow to turn my face into a toaster strudel. He releases his grip from my hair and scrapes his cum off my cheeks, holding his fingers to my lips. I eagerly part my lips and suck on his fingers. I am barely able to get the tip of his finger out of my mouth before I feel him yank me up from my knees and toss me onto the bed on my stomach. I know I’m in for a wild ride. He is always super turned on when he sees my face covered in his cum and I lick it off.

“Landon, fuck me, baby!” I pant out as he pulls me to all fours pushes my thong to the side and begins pushing his already stiff cock into me. I can hardly believe he is ready to go again, but this man has the energy of a person half his age. “Ummm,” I moan as I feel every ridge of his bare cock invading me.

“That’s it, baby. Give it to me,” he grunts as I begin throwing it back on him. This man might be damn near twice my size and built of solid muscle, but I didn’t get these thick thighs from my mama for nothing. I curl my fingers into our fourteen hundred count bedsheets and give as good as I’m getting. Shit, this feels so good! I try to say out loud, but all that comes out are loud moans. I begin to feel fluttering in my pussy walls and know I can’t hold on for much longer. Landon feels it too and yells at me to cum. I do.

“Oh, my God!” I cry out as I cum, feeling the orgasm rip through my entire body.

Behind me I hear grunts and moans as Landon cums again. I feel another round of his hot semen penetrate my insides. We both take time gasping, and catching our breaths as we come down from our orgasms.

“You need to get off the birth control so we can make a baby next time,” Landon’s deep voice says from behind me.

I smile and look back at him over my shoulder. “You know my rule.”

I laugh at his grunt. I refuse to drop the birth control until we’re officially husband and wife. That is one concession I will not make.

“Then marry me,” he says, rising from the bed.

I stop him with a hand to his chest. “You just lay here. I’ll clean you up,” I say. “And I am going to marry you. Just have some patience.” I laugh again at his grunt as I stroll naked, into our bathroom to pee, wipe myself off, and retrieve a warm cloth to wipe Landon down. I return a few minutes later and watch Landon’s half-lidded gaze eye my body up and down. When he licks his lips, I bite my bottom lip to keep from smiling. I reach the bed and begin to wipe him down. He lays there with one hand behind his head, watching me clean him with those devilish eyes.

“You’re insatiable,” I say when I reach his semi-erect cock. I cannot believe he’s soon ready for another round.

“Yup. Come here,” he demands, as he pulls me onto the bed with him. He tucks me into his side and kisses me on the forehead. I willingly let him pull me in tight.

“Thank you for dinner. It was delicious.”

“You’re welcome, baby. You seem really stressed lately. Is everything okay?” I ask. I see his eyelid briefly lower at the same time his arm tightens around me.

“Just business. Everything’s fine. Tell me about your day,” he says, and I get the feeling he’s keeping something from me.

Instead of questioning him more about it, I begin telling him about my day.





Chapter Four

Landon

“I have a feeling something is going on.”

My body stiffens at those words. I briefly wonder if Mel knows about Mindy and her threats. The woman has gone completely insane. “Something’s going on?” I question out loud.

“Yeah, with Gabriella. She came in with a bruise under her eye and said it was from a fight, but I haven’t heard anything about a fight from any other kids. They’re usually more than willing to spill about a fight.”

I let out a silent breath as Mel continues talking about her student. She has an affinity for all her students, but she has a special affinity for this one. Relief courses through my body as I realize Mindy’s threats haven’t made it to Melody’s ears.

I attempt to console Mel about her student. “I’m sure she’ll be all right,” I say. Mel can become very wrapped up in her students’ lives. I remember very vividly when I walked in our bedroom after returning from an away game, and seeing her curled up in a ball crying when her former student was sentenced to nearly twenty years in jail after a fight led to the death of another girl. I held her for most of that night as she mourned the permanent loss of one student and the essential removal of the other life of the young girl who would spend a good portion of her adult life behind bars.

“I hope so.” She sighs in response to my earlier comment.

“She will. She has the best school psychologist in the whole damn state working with her,” I croon in her ear, before nipping her earlobe and kissing her forehead.

“I don’t know about all that,” she retorts.

“I do. That’s why we need to start making our own babies. So you can give all of that love to a few of our own kids.

My girl looks up at me and rolls those big eyes at me. “You already know my position on that.” She lays her head back on my chest.

I run my hand through her thick, tightly coiled hair that was curled, but is now a ruffled mess all over her head. I love it best when it’s like this. It reminds me that I have just fucked the shit out of the woman who will be mine for the rest of my life. “So, marry me,” I return.

She sighs loudly. “I am going to marrying you,” she says, exasperated.

I grin as the question begins to form on my lips. “Today?”

“Shut up.” She giggles, thinking I am kidding, but I’m not.

“I’m serious. Marry me today. Well, it’s almost eleven. Tomorrow.”

Mel must sense the seriousness in my tone because she picks her head up from my chest, staring at me with a questioning look on her face.

“Marry me now. We can fly our families out to Puerto Rico tomorrow and have a ceremony right on the beach. You’re always saying how you don’t even want a big wedding. This way it’ll just be you and me and those who matter to us,” I say as I grip her face in my hands.

“You’re serious,” she states, her eyes still on mine.

“I’ve never been more serious about anything in my entire life. Not even when I threw the game-winning touchdown to Simmons in the final seconds of Super Bowl 47.”

At that, Melody dips her head and giggles. My chest fills with that usual warm feeling whenever I hear it.

“Only you would come up with a football analogy to convince me to marry you,” she says, still laughing. “Yes.”

My entire body fills with that same warm feeling at that one word. I move quick as lightning, flipping her onto her back and resting my body on hers. I stare down into those huge eyes and beautiful oval shaped face. “Yes?” I ask, sounding like a kid who just got every item on his Christmas wish list.

This time Mel reaches up to grip my face, pulling my head down so my lips hover just above hers. “Yes, Landon Rogers, I will marry you, to—”

I don’t even let her finish her sentence before I crush her lips with mine. Relief, need, and love is what I feel in this moment, and this woman has provided all three of these emotions. I know I need to get on the phone to wake up my personal assistant so he can start making arrangements, but right now I need another round of Melody before I can do anything else. I move down to kiss her neck, when she begins pushing me up.

I pull back, looking down at her, confused.

“I shouldn’t let you defile me again until our wedding night.”

I chuckle at that and lean back down to take her lips, but she turns her head.

“I’m serious, Landon. We should wait until our wedding night.”

I feel her squirm to try to get out of my grasp, but instead of letting her go, I grip her around the waist and rub my hardening cock against her core. I smirk when I feel her shiver. “Are you sure that’s what you want?” I growl low in her ear, before licking her ear and biting her earlobe.

“Mmmm-y-yes. I-I’m suuure,” she replies even while her legs widen slightly, allowing me greater access to her middle.

“You’re really sure you want to wait until we’re husband and wife for me to give you what your body is asking me for?” I tease as I move my hand down to her middle, feeling her wetness.

“Umm,” she sighs.

“Well, if you insist,” I say before releasing her and moving quickly to rise from the bed.

“Landon!” Mel yells and I find it difficult to keep a straight face.

“You insisted, sweetheart.” I shrug, nonchalantly. “I need to make some calls anyway. We gotta get this ball rolling if we’re getting married in the next twenty-four hours.” I grin and wink at Mel who is now giving me the stink-eye. Before I lose my composure and take her again, I turn, grabbing my cell off the nightstand and head toward the huge oak wood dresser to grab a pair of sweatpants. I smirk even wider as I hear Melody sigh behind me.

“I can’t believe you!” she pouts.

I can hear the vestiges of desire in her voice mixed with her annoyance. That gets me, and I laugh out loud. Suddenly, I feel something hit my back. I turn just in time to see one of our goose down pillows hit the floor. I return my gaze to the love of my life who is now wearing an adorable scowl. I laugh even harder as I dial my personal assistant, Walter’s number. I know it’s damn near midnight, but at this point I don’t care. Melody has just agreed to marry me today and he needs to get up and start making arrangements. Usually, I wouldn’t bother him this late, but this is my marriage we’re talking about, so he will just have to deal.

I take one last look at Mel who is still scowling. I send her another wink just as Walter answers.

“Hello,” his voice is groggy and full of sleep.

“Walter, get up. Mel and I are getting married tomorrow. We need you to make some preparations,” I say, strutting out of the room, feeling like I’m ten feet tall. After the few weeks I’ve had dealing with Mindy’s threats and lies, knowing Melody will soon carry my last name has me breathing a little easier.





Chapter Five

Melody

We didn’t get married the following day. It turns out even the great Landon Rogers has some limitations. It took time to make the arrangements for both sets of parents, Landon’s teammate and best friend, Tank, and his wife, and Marco. And then there were the lodging accommodations and the confidentiality agreements. Yes, my controlling man had his lawyer draw up confidentiality agreements that he had everyone, including his own mother, sign binding them to withhold all information regarding our nuptials from the public and all media outlets. So, instead of getting married the following day, it is now two days later that I find myself barefoot on a beach in a sleeveless, white linen sundress marrying the man of my dreams.

It took barely forty-eight hours to put a whole wedding ceremony together, and you would think anyone would have been satisfied with that. Not my Landon, though. He was pissed it took more than a day to arrange a destination wedding. I smile wider as I stand toe to toe with him, my hands in his as he repeats our wedding vows from the officiant. His sparkling eyes are so ardent, I can’t look away from him. His gaze enraptures me as he promises to love me for better or for worse and in sickness and in health. I feel his vows all the way down to the depths of my soul, and I know he means every word he says.

“At this point in time, the couple has opted to add a few words of commitment to one another of their own,” the officiant says. “Landon, please,” he says, doing a sweeping motion with his hand, prompting my man to continue with the rest of his vows.

I feel strong fingers grip mine even tighter and pull me in close. We are now standing just inches apart. I see all the emotion in Landon’s gaze, and I’m overcome with emotion.

“Melody, it was on this very island that we met not even a year ago, but I knew from the moment I saw you in that red bathing suit by the pool that you would be mine.”

I giggle as he recalls seeing me in my red bikini last summer.

“I wasn’t expecting to fall in love on vacation, but your light and energy spoke to something deep within me. You have given me a sense of calm that I have never felt before. Not even on the football field.” He pauses and smirks as our guests laugh at his little joke. His expression turns serious again. “You are my world. I don’t know how it happened in such a short period of time, but you have become my life. My every breath is for making sure you are happy and well-loved. I promise to keep you safe, to make sure you always have a place to call home, and that a day never goes by that you are not told how special you are. Today begins the rest of our future because you and I are forever. Thank you for agreeing to be my wife. I love you, Melody Rogers.” He reaches up to my face and uses his thumb to wipe away the tears that are now streaming down my face.

I can barely see him through my blurred vision, but I feel when his soft lips touch mine. I feel his hand grip my waist and pull me in even closer. His lips move over mine, urging my lips apart, and I willingly comply. I moan as Landon plunders my mouth, staking his claim. I can’t help but get completely wrapped up in our moment until I hear our officiant clear his throat.

“Sorry to interrupt, but it’s not quite time for that part yet, Mr. Rogers,” he scolds.

Landon glowers at the poor man who shrinks under his glare. “I’m making it the right time.”

I tug on Landon’s hand to bring his attention back to me. “Babe, I haven’t said my vows yet,” I remind him. Out of the corner of my eye I see the officiant visibly exhale in relief.

In an instant, Landon’s scowl turns to one of love as he plants his gaze back on me.

“Landon Rogers, you came into my life like a whirlwind. I came to Puerto Rico looking for some fun and relaxation and I stumbled upon the love of my life. I don’t normally believe in fate, but I know meeting you here was meant to be. You are my other half. Even when I left without saying goodbye, you didn’t give up on us. Thank you for not letting my insecurities get in our way. I now know what real love feels like and I’m never letting it go because you and I are forever.” I just barely manage to choke through the last part of my personalized vows.

“You better pronounce us husband and wife in the next two—”

“I now pronounce you husband and wife,” our officiant declares, cutting Landon off.

My new husband cups my face with his large, calloused hands and pulls me in for another kiss that has me grasping his strong arms to maintain my balance. Somewhere in the distance I hear our family and friends applauding and whistling, but Landon’s mouth on mine always leaves me mindless and in a heavy daze. When he finally pulls back, he continues to hold onto my face, resting his forehead against mine. I become lightheaded when I see the sheen of wetness covering his eyes.

“Forever,” he whispers, his voice is hoarse and thick with emotion.

I wrap my fingers around his wrists and nod slightly. “Forever,” I choke out.

“I now present to you Mr. and Mrs. Landon Rogers,” our officiant announces and the background applause and cheers becomes even louder. However, neither Landon nor I take our eyes off one another. My cheeks begin throbbing from smiling so widely, but I can’t close my mouth or stop the rush of tears that continues to fall from my eyes. For his part, Landon lovingly kisses away each tear and whispers his promises of loving me forever. I couldn’t have asked for a more perfect wedding day.

We spent the rest of the week on Culebra Island while our families went off to explore the rest of Puerto Rico. Thankfully, Landon’s mother and my parents got along well and had a great time together. Landon’s friend, Tank, and his wife left the day after our ceremony for their own vacation on the Greek Isles, and Marco flew back home to tend to business. Landon and I took advantage of our alone time and of course spent the better part of our wedding week naked in our hotel room. The times we would come up for air were spent on the beach, snorkeling and visiting ruins around the island. I was able to convince one of the restaurant managers to pass me the recipe for my beloved Asopao, a Puerto Rican soup that can be made with pork, fish, or strictly vegetarian. Of course, Landon remained perplexed as to how I could eat soup when temperatures reached the nineties. All in all it was an idyllic wedding and honeymoon.

“We’ll have to take a real honeymoon as soon as your school year is over,” Landon promises as we’re in the car on our way to the airport. Our family had all left the day before.

I turn to stare at him. “Babe, this was the best, rushed wedding and honeymoon a girl could dream of. We don’t need an—” My protest is cut off by his lips.

“We’ll take a longer honeymoon at the end of your school year,” he says once he pulls back from my lips. “I was thinking Tanzania like you’ve talked about. Then we can do Zanzibar for maybe two or three weeks before training camp starts.” At this point I can see he is thinking out loud. I’m pretty sure he has already told Walter to start making plans for that trip. I told him months ago that one of the first places I wanted to go to Africa to see, was the country of Tanzania and Zanzibar which is on the coast. I love how intently this man listens to my ramblings.

“Thank you,” I say.

“Anything for you. Oh, I also have a surprise welcome home treat for you as well.” He winks at me. The mischievous glint in his eyes makes my pussy muscles clench in anticipation. How did I get so lucky? I wonder as I stare at Landon’s profile. He pulls me in, and I go willingly, curling up into his side in our last few minutes on the island where we first met.

****

“We’re almost there,” Landon assures me as we turn off a major highway in his Range Rover. We’ve been driving for close to an hour and I can’t see because Landon has me blindfolded. I have no idea where we are going, but I have a feeling and the very thought has me squirming in my seat.

“Is my bad girl feeling anxious?” The low timbre of his voice with a bit of warning and amusement causes the intimate spot between my legs to ache. I can already feel the dampening of the red, silk panties Landon insisted I wear tonight. We hadn’t even been home a few hours before Landon tells me to get dressed in the tightest black dress I own and the matching panty and bra set he bought for me a few weeks ago. I swear I have a closet full of different styles of intimate wear all in the color red because that’s the color my man cannot get enough of me in.

“You still won’t tell me where we’re going?” I ask, almost pleadingly.

“Soon, Red, soon.” He pulls my hand up to his lips and kisses it gently and reassuringly.

I sigh at the feel of his lips on my skin, but also at the creeping anxiety that wants to know where we’re headed.

“We’re here. This is our welcome home, newlyweds’ night,” he says as I feel the car come to a stop and he places it in park.

I feel his hands on my face as he turns me to him. I hope he is going to remove the blindfold, but no such luck.

“Red, you know I would never do anything I didn’t believe you were comfortable with, right?” he asks.

“I know,” I say, rushing to reassure him that I trust him.

“And you know I would put my own life on the line before I’d let someone hurt you right?”

“Landon, what is this about?” I ask, growing nervous.

“Just answer me. You know I would never let anyone hurt or do anything to you that would endanger you, right?”

“Yes, baby, of course.”

“Good. Don’t move,” he demands before releasing my face.

I feel the car jostle a bit and the door opening and closing as he exits. I can’t see him, but I know he is making his way around the car to open the door for me. It’s our normal routine. If we’re together, he never lets me touch a car door handle. Truthfully, that’s something that took a while getting used to—being treated like a lady. My past boyfriends weren’t all assholes, but none were as chivalrous or protective as Landon. I feel the cool air kiss my skin as Landon opens the passenger’s door and wraps his hand around my elbow, helping me up and out of the car. I hold on to his forearms for support, as I can’t see and I am wearing six inch heels. Another clothing item he insisted I put on.

“We’re right next to the entrance, but there are about six steps we need to go up,” he instructs at the same time he closes the door and begins guiding me toward the entrance.

I can hear upbeat music, and a few voices of people in the distance.

“Hold onto the railing.” He places my hand around the metal railing and takes my other arm with his free hand at the small of my back. Together we manage to make it up the stairs without me falling.

“Welcome, Mr. Rogers,” a man with a slight British accent greets us. “And this is your lovely date for the evening?”

“My wife,” Landon’s voice is commanding as he corrects the man.

“Oh, excuse me. Congratulations, Mr. and Mrs. Rogers. Our owner said it was a special occasion for you tonight. I do hope you enjoy your evening here at Pleasure Island.”

I stiffen and turn my head to my side where Landon is standing. I can feel his eyes on me, but he remains silent. I get the feeling he is smirking down at me.

“I do apologize for the inconvenience, Mr. Rogers, but I will need to see your ID’s just to verify,” the man with the accent states.

“Not a problem,” I hear Landon say. “Here you go.” There is silence for a heartbeat in which I assume he is examining our ID’s.

“Thank you, sir, ma’am. Right this way.”

I hear the squeak of a door opening and the music I heard earlier intensifies, but it’s not overwhelming. One can still hold a conversation over the melody. I feel Landon reach for the back of my head and loosen the blindfold. When he removes it, it takes a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to the dimmed lighting. When I finally can see normally, my eyes widen at the sight in front of me. There are men and women walking around in leather dresses, pants, and vests. Some have what appears to be riding crops and whips in their hands. In the far corner, I see a woman being strung up with her wrists and ankles bound. I watch as a man, I assume is her Dom, slowly peels her short leather dress from her mahogany body, leaving her completely naked for all to see. I can’t tear my eyes from the couple as the man begins peppering her body with stinging lashes from his crop. Before I know it, we are standing right in front of the couple, and Landon braces himself behind me, holding me to his chest.

The woman’s moans grow louder as her Dom whacks her a little harder and closer to her bared pussy. I moan out loud when I see him insert one finger into her core. At that moment, I also feel Landon’s hand move up my dress and into my panties.

“You like watching them?” he whispers low in my ear.

“Yes,” I croak out as the roughened pads of his fingers find my clit and begin massaging.

“Welcome to Paradise Island, baby,” he groans in my ear before latching onto my earlobe with his teeth and sucking. This is the club he had told me about months ago. I asked him once to bring me here, and he told me he would after we were married. He said he’d made a promise to himself that he wouldn’t experience anything like this again unless it was with the woman he’d pledged his life to. My legs become weak at the realization of where we are. I slump even further back into him, leaning on him for support.

Landon’s fingers and mouth on me and the couple in front of us continuing their show has me so turned on. My legs begin to shake slightly. I begin pumping my hips against his hand urging him go faster. Unfortunately for me, Landon doesn’t comply with my unspoken request. He completely stops his massaging and cups my entire core.

“Who does this pussy belong to?”

“You,” I respond immediately. “It’s all yours.”

“You’re goddamn right,” he growls before removing his hand from my most intimate part.

I begin to turn to protest, but I am pulled away from the scene in front of us and further into the club down a long hallway.

“That was just the introduction. This is the main attraction,” he says, opening a door. He steps aside, allowing me to enter.

Walking in, I see a large room that is decorated as a bedroom with a huge bed. One of the walls is covered with mirrors, and a huge leather chair sits to the side of the bed. I sense there is someone else in the room and turn to face the back wall, and sitting on a black leather love seat is another man. The room is dim, lit only by candles and a lamp that sits on the dresser by the head of the bed. This fact prevents me from seeing the man’s face until he stands and steps forward.

“Jeremy?” I question as I stare into a pair of the sharpest green eyes I have ever seen. I know Jeremy as the owner of luxury hotels and resorts. I’ve stayed at a few of his hotels for some of Landon’s away games. He and Landon have been friends for some time now.

By this time, Landon has closed the door and shut it, and planted himself behind me with his hands on my waist.

“Hello, darlin’,” Jeremy intones in his smooth Texas drawl, with his ever-present toothpick tucked between his lips. “I hear congratulations are in order.” His eyes move from me to Landon, behind me, and then back to me. “Although I still think you’re too good for him.” He winks at me, but doesn’t smile.

I smile at that. Jeremy often teases Landon. Although I enjoy the banter Jeremy often doled out, I always got the sense there was something dark and dangerous in him. Staring at him in this room, I know my senses were correct.

“Landon, w-what is going on?” I ask, feeling both turned on and uneasy. Between Landon and Jeremy there is so much masculine energy in the room, it makes me dizzy. Jeremy is only an inch shorter than Landon’s six-foot-three frame, and both are built like solid walls, although Jeremy is slightly smaller. His dark hair that reaches below his chin is loose instead of its usual tucked away style.

“This is your wedding gift. Don’t worry, Red, everyone in here has signed a confidentiality agreement just to enter the club and has been tested. No one will reveal anything that happens tonight.”

“Are you…” I start, but don’t complete my sentence as realization settles in. I remember back to one drunken night in Puerto Rico, when we first met and were discussing our fantasies. I told Landon that being watched was a fantasy of mine.

“Don’t worry, darlin’, I’m not here to touch, just watch,” Jeremy says as he presses his hands into his pockets. While his shirt covers most of his top, the short sleeves allow the tattoos on his arms to remain on full display. Jeremy is an extremely attractive man, but for me, he doesn’t compare to my husband. However, knowing he will be watching Landon and me, does create a warm sensation emanating straight from my core.

“If any of this makes you uncomfortable, tell me and we can end this,” Landon murmurs close to my ear as his strong fingers trail up and down my arms. I hear the love in his voice and how much he only wants to make me happy. I turn my head up to face him. “I-it’s okay.” I turn my head up even closer, silently asking for a kiss, and he doesn’t disappoint. His reassuring lips on mine calms my nerves instantly. Before he removes his lips from mine, I hear the back zipper of my dress moving downward. Soon I feel firm hands on mine pushing my dress down. I pull back from our kiss and turn to face my husband, as he continues to undress me. I hear Jeremy in the back as he sits back down on the couch. Over Landon’s shoulder, in the mirror, I can see his eyes on me. I watch as his lids lower ever so slightly, as he takes in my entire body adorned in my red silk bra and panty set.

“Come here.” Landon pulls me toward the bed. “This,” he says holding up the same silk scarf he used to blindfold me. “Will be put to further use tonight.” He begins unfastening my bra and within seconds my heavy breasts spill out. He tosses the bra to the side.

I shiver when I feel his fingers stroking my back, slowly guiding it from the top of my shoulder down my back, stopping at the waistline of my underwear. His touch always manages to send electric chills through my body.

“On the bed,” Landon instructs, helping me climb onto the bed. “Give me your hands,” he says, kneeling next to me.

I do so without hesitation. Landon tying me up during our sexcapades is nothing new. He uses the scarf to bind my wrists and tie them to the headboard. As usual, they are secure, but not too tight.

“You’re absolutely beautiful,” Landon says, looking down at my exposed body as my hands are restrained to the headboard.

A part of me feels I should be embarrassed splayed out like this on a bed with my hands tied above my head, in only a pair of panties and some very high black heels—the ones with red bottoms, courtesy of my husband. Although the intimacy my husband and I share is enough to relax me, I never forget there is a third person in the room, watching our every move. Jeremy has remained quietly attentive this whole time, but I can feel his gaze on us. I look over, across the room, and notice Jeremy’s acute gaze.

“How’re you feeling, Red?” Landon leans in and asks.

I look up at his perfect face and clothed body and frown. “Like, you’re wearing too many clothes,” I respond.

A playful smile parts his lips, and I hear Jeremy chuckle from the other side of the room.

“My bad girl is ready to play, huh?” He grins.

I gasp when I feel his finger circle my distended nipple. I turn my head to look up at him, and his entire focus is on my full breasts. I grow wet when he licks his lips as if he were looking at his first meal in days.

“I’m hungry,” Landon informs right before placing his hot mouth on my right breast, with his hand cupping my left. I immediately toss my head back against the pillow and lift my chest as much as possible to gain more entry into his mouth. My breasts are very sensitive, which of course, Landon knows very well. I moan and dig my heels into the bed as Landon’s tongue continues lashing against my nipple and breasts with no mercy.

I moan even louder when I feel Landon’s calloused fingers make their way down my belly toward my very wet core. I raise my hips off the bed, as his hand makes its way into my panties and begins stroking me. Landon’s rough hands begin circling my clit before making his way lower, and sinking two of his fingers into my awaiting wetness. I groan loudly when he enters me, pumping in and out, all while his mouth continues to suck my plump breasts. I can feel my orgasm approaching as the usual tingling sensation begins in my core.

“La-Landon, I’m about to cum,” I screech.

“Then cum. Jeremy wants to see what you look like when you cum, Red,” he whispers in my ear, reminding me that we’re being watched.

And just like any other time when he tells me to cum on command, my body listens. I groan loudly into Landon’s mouth as I cum, my hips rising off the bed.

“Goddamn,” I hear Jeremy’s voice in the background as I continue to try and catch my breath from my orgasm.

His words barely register before Landon is moving lower, between my legs. He sits back on his haunches, reaching for my panties, pulling them down my legs and over my heels. I see my panties soar over his shoulder as he positions his face at my entrance.

I gasp and moan out loud when Landon opens his mouth and licks me from my opening to my clit. He sucks my sensitive button into his mouth. It feels so good, I bite my lower lip to stop from yelling out. When Landon clamps onto my clit and begins to suck, at the same time his fingers make entry into my pussy.

“Oh God. Oh God,” I chant over and over as I grind my pussy against my husband’s face. I strain, pulling against the restraints around my wrists. I inhale as I feel my orgasm rising and I can’t do anything to stop the scream that erupts from my mouth. It is the guttural scream of a woman who has been well satisfied. I don’t know how long it takes me to come down from that orgasm, but I barely have time to recover, before my wrists are untied and I am plucked off the bed and made to straddle Landon in the leather chair. I’m always in awe of how easily he picks me up and positions me how he wants.

I gasp as my nether lips make first contact with his very hard cock. Without warning, he pushes his hips up and shoves his rock hard dick inside me. “Fuuuuck, baby,” I cry out, closing my eyes.

“Fuck me!” he growls.

I grasp onto his broad shoulders and start moving my hips up and down on his rod. His hand grips the back of my head, bringing me down for a kiss that damn near singes my lips.

“I love you,” I open my eyes and groan out when we break away from the kiss. I look up and see Jeremy’s reflection behind us in the mirror. He is sitting on the couch, pants undone, with his massive cock in his hands. I’m not one to compare, but he looks as big as Landon. I pick up my pace on Landon’s stiff cock and lick my lips as I stare at Jeremy’s eyes on me in the mirror. This is the most erotic position I have ever been in. I become even more aroused knowing another man’s eyes are on me as I make love to my husband. I pick up the pace I’ve set, pumping my hips even quicker as I peel my eyes away from the mirror and look down at Landon, whose attention is fully on me.

“Mine,” he growls and pushes up into me again, establishing that he is indeed the owner of my pussy. His hands grip my ass so tightly, pulling me onto his shaft, I know there will be marks in the morning.

I squeeze his shoulders tighter, to anchor myself against his aggressive thrusts, and lean down to hover just above his mouth. “Forever,” I whisper against his mouth.

That one word sends him into a frenzy, and he pumps wildly into my fluttering pussy. My third orgasm of the evening rushes over me and it feels as if it is ripping me in two. Landon’s orgasm crests just after mine, and I feel him pumping vigorously into me. I hear another set of manly grunts and moans behind me and recognize that Jeremy is getting off to watching Landon and me, however, I can’t take my eyes away from my husband. His normally azul eyes are darkened to an oxford blue color. When he tosses his head back from his climax, I lean down and lick the trickle of sweat that runs down his neck. I savor the salty taste and give him one last squeeze with my pussy muscles to help totally expel his cum. He grips my ass even tighter with his firm hands, pulling me impossibly closer into him and completely emptying into me.

“That’s the only time any other man will ever know what you look like when you cum,” he says, still panting from his explosive orgasm.

I smile down at him. “I know, baby. Thank you.”

A few moments later I hear the door closing and its then I remember that Jeremy is still here, or at least he was. I look over at the space on the couch where he was, to see it is now empty.

“Are your wrists okay? The scarf wasn’t too tight was it?” Landon asks sometime later as we are laying in the bed, still in the room.

He has assured me that the mattresses in the rooms of the clubs are changed after every use, which makes me feel much better about laying in it. I smirk and run my finger over his pectorals, loving the way his muscles flex in response to my touch. “No, they were fine,” I respond to his inquiry.

“How come you asked Jeremy to join us tonight? I mean, I don’t mind, but why him?”

“I’ve known Jeremy a little while. I knew I could trust him. Plus he’s commented that you remind him of someone.”

I lift my head from his chest to look at Landon’s face. “Someone from his past?”

“Someone from his present. Someone he’s trying to keep his hands off of.”

That’s interesting. “Why would he want to keep his hands off of someone he’s attracted to? Is she married or already taken?” I ask, being my nosey self.

“No, apparently their situation is...complicated, but he doesn’t think she can take all of him.”

The way Landon says all of him indicates he is referring to more than Jeremy’s physical attributes, which are a lot in and of themselves.

“But maybe…” I trail off when Landon begins chuckling. “What’s so funny?”

“You, Red. You can’t help the psychologist in you. You’re ready to psychoanalyze the man to help him get with a woman. He’s not one of your students,” Landon finishes, as he reaches up to cup my breast.

“I know,” I say around a moan as he squeezes my nipple. “But I did get the sense he was longing for something or someone. Now that I know what it’s like to have found the love of my life, I want everyone to know this feeling,” I say almost panting, as Landon has now replaced his hand with his mouth. That aching need in my core returns, and I begin rubbing my thigh on top of Landon’s needing to get closer to him.

“I love how much you care about others, Red, but right now I don’t give a shit about Jeremy’s woman problems. Get on top,” he demands, pulling me on top of him.

I gladly comply, and I too, soon forget about Jeremy or anyone else who is not the owner of the stiff cock that is now pushing its way deep inside me.





Chapter Six

Landon

“You were supposed to make this shit go away!” I growl at my manager, Michael. We are in his high rise office that overlooks Chestnut Street, not too far from the University of Pennsylvania’s campus. It’s only been three days since Melody and I returned from our too short honeymoon. Mel has returned to work after spring break. And instead of working on my housing developments like I planned before a photo shoot I have later in the day, I am here dealing with this shit.

“I know, but now she is threatening to sue you for lying to her,” he says.

“What the fuck did I lie to her about?!” I shout. “The bitch and I weren’t even a couple. We fucked. That was it. Now she’s jealous that I’ve moved on and fallen for Melody.”

“Calm down, Landon,” Michael implores, as he stands and rushes over to the door, shutting it so the rest of his staff doesn't overhear them.

“Fuck that! This bitch is threatening to try and ruin my life, and more importantly my marriage, over her own delusions of what she thinks we were. I don’t give a fuck what I have to do, but I won’t allow her or anyone else to hurt Melody. Fix this or I promise I will fix her!” I growl, tossing the papers Mindy’s lawyers had delivered to me at Michael. Before he can respond I stand, and in two steps I am at his office door. I yank it open and stalk out. I know everyone can feel the anger radiating off me because office assistants, interns, and other personnel scurry to get out of my way.

Normally, I am not the type to call a woman a bitch, but this situation with Mindy is pissing me off. She has been pestering me for weeks, stopping by my real estate developments on more than one occasion, calling my cell until I had to block her, and she even personally stopped by Michael’s office with her threats. Mindy, for whatever reason, thinks we were something we never were, and she swears I left her for another woman. Now she’s going around acting like a scorned lover seeking revenge. I have half a mind to show up at her house and put my hands around her throat. But of course, I would never do that. Instead I follow Michael and my lawyer’s instructions and have no contact with Mindy at all. However, instead of that working, she now has drawn up lawsuit papers and threatened to sue me.

“Landon, can you look over here,” I hear the photographer shout a while later.

I’ve had this photo shoot on my schedule for weeks now for an athletic wear company that is one of my major sponsors. I can tell the photographer is losing his patience since I’ve been distracted throughout this entire shoot. I could care less about his damn feelings, but I have worked with this company that has been loyal to me since my rookie season. Blinking back my thoughts about Mindy and how much I want to throttle her, I turn toward the direction the photographer has instructed. When I’m distracted or agitated I play this little trick in which I imagine a favorite memory of mine. For years, most of my favorite memories were football related, but now, the image that brings me back from the brink of exploding with anger, is of my caramel beauty in a white dress as we stand on a hot Puerto Rican beach reciting our wedding vows.

“That’s it, Lan. Just like that!”

Even the photographer using the nickname I absolutely abhor doesn’t detract from the calm feeling I get knowing Melody is not just my girlfriend or fiancée, but my wife. I become so stress-free that the rest of the photo shoot flies by and before I know it, the photographer is telling us that’s a wrap. I can expect to get the photos he’s picked from the shoot in a few weeks for my approval. I barely pay Walt a passing glance as he informs me of the rest of the information about the photo shoot and where the photos will be displayed. I make quick work of changing my clothes into a Polo shirt and pair of dark jeans. On my way out, I inform Walt that I need him to make arrangements for someone to pick up Mel’s car from her job and take it home since I plan on surprising my wife and taking her out to dinner and a fun evening. I stroll out of the photo shoot feeling better than when I first entered.

****



Melody

I rounded the hallway toward my office to see the security guard, Donald, who’s always on duty lately, standing attentively. He began working here just this school year, and I often find myself wondering why he is working a security job at a public school. At over six feet, broadly built, with a buzz cut, he looks more suited for the military or high-end security than watching over middle schoolers. His dark brown eyes are sharp, often scouring the hallways for any interruptions. Despite him never being overly attentive, I sometimes get the distinct feeling he is watching me.

“Have a good evening, ma’am.” He nods as I approach the main office doorway.

I nod in his direction. “You do the same, Donald. Just think, only a few more weeks and the school year is over,” I joke. While most teachers and administrators love our jobs, we all look forward to the summer with a few weeks off to relax. “You have any summer plans?” I ask

“Just relaxing a bit, ma’am,” he says, stopping to turn abruptly as we hear the main entrance door open.

The first thing I see is a pair of long legs covered in dark jeans enter through the door. My body’s immediate reaction tells me who the new visitor is before I even glance at his face. My lips spread into their usual smile whenever he is around. “What are you doing here? I thought you had a photo shoot today,” I question my husband.

“A man can’t make time to pick up his woman from work?” The grin he throws my way causes the usual butterflies in my stomach. “Kiss me.” He is now standing in front of me, leaning over me, his lips hovering above mine.

Thankfully, school let out an hour ago, so most students and staff have cleared out of the building. I turn my head up to meet his lips with my own. I attempt to make the kiss quick, remembering we are at my job and not alone, but Landon has other ideas. He wraps one of his long arms around my waist and pulls me ever deeper into the kiss.

“Landon, don’t be rude,” I say finally pulling back, panting, and acknowledging Donald’s presence. “You remember Donald, right?” I nod in his direction, since Landon still has a tight hold on my waist.

“Of course, Don. Good to see you again.” He quickly turns his attention back to me, eyeing my white button-down shirt that is tucked into my brightly colored, African-print midi-skirt that stops a couple of inches below my knees, paired with peep-toe tan heels. “You look beautiful.” The sincerity in his voice is evident, as if he didn’t see me leave our home this morning in the same outfit.

“Thank you, baby. You still haven’t answered my question. What about your photo shoot? You didn’t skip it did you?”

He frowns at the accusation in my voice, causing me to giggle. Landon actually hates photo shoots. “No, Red, I didn’t skip it. We finished and I decided to take my favorite girl out tonight. That sound good to you?”

My lips curl upward, “Your only girl,” I retort.

“My only girl,” he agrees. “Go get your stuff,” he instructs, patting me on my butt.

“Landon,” I admonish, but he merely grins and places a kiss to my forehead.

Shaking my head, I step out of his embrace and head to my office to gather my purse and other belongings, feeling giddy. As I open the door from the office I notice Landon and Donald in the hall talking. It almost looks as if the two are familiar with one another, I mean, more than the passing hello and goodbye of someone who’s only been here a few times to pick his partner up from work. Just as I squint my eyes, wondering if Landon ever said he knew Donald, he looks up at me and smiles.

“Ready?” he questions, as he takes my bag and books from my arms, leaving me with only my purse.

“Yup. Goodnight, Donald.”

“You too, ma’am.” He bows his head as we depart.

“What was that about?” I ask Landon as he holds the door open for me.

“What was what about?”

“You and Donald. You two looked like you were talking about something serious.”

Landon shrugs one shoulder, and reaches for my free hand. “Football. He asked about my feelings on the upcoming season.”

I laugh out loud. “Of course.” Sometimes I forget who I’m married to. I see him as Landon, the man of my dreams, and now, husband. The world sees him as the football god he is.

“What about my car?” I ask as Landon leads me to his Range Rover, which he illegally parked outside the school building.

“I’ve already taken care of it. I had Walt have someone pick it up and take it home,” he responds to my raised eyebrow.

I nod. “You’ve thought of everything. So, where are we going?”

“You just sit back and enjoy the evening, Red,” he tells me as he climbs his big body into the driver's seat, after helping me into the passenger’s side.

“As you wish,” I say, placing my hand on his right thigh.

He looks down at my hand on him and then up at me, slyly. “It’s going to be a fun night,” he states before pulling off.

He is right about it being a fun evening. We first go to an early dinner at Lacroix at The Rittenhouse where we dine on delicious seafood and vegetables cooked to perfection. After eating and people watching for an hour or so, we head over the bridge to New Jersey to race go-karts. Landon hired some security to allow us some privacy as we enjoy the evening. Luckily, most of the patrons at the go-kart place are respectful enough to maintain their distance, only asking for an autograph here and there. I’ve gotten used to the instant shock and then awe people express when they realize the great Landon Rogers is in their midst. Sometimes I can hardly believe that I had no idea who Landon was when we first met in Puerto Rico. I was never a huge football fan before I met him, and I barely watched TV. In these moments, I am glad that Landon and I met in Puerto Rico, away from the fame that often comes with dating a big athlete.

“Having fun, Mrs. Rogers?” A chill runs down my spine as he wraps his arms around me from behind and whispers into my ear. I absolutely adore this man and love when he refers to me as Mrs. Rogers all possessively. We have yet to announce to the world our nuptials that took place close to two weeks ago. I’m not in a rush to make that announcement, knowing the barrage of questions that will come from the media and fans wanting to know exactly when and where we were married. I’m happy in the knowledge that Landon and I are finally man and wife and we don’t have to worry about planning a huge affair.

We remain at the go-kart place until it closes at ten o’clock and then head back over the bridge, stopping for a dessert of fudge brownies smothered in vanilla bean ice cream. Landon had it ordered special from one of our favorite restaurants. We take our dessert home and Landon practices finding how many places on my body he can eat the ice cream off of before it melts.





Chapter Seven

Landon

I wake up the next morning feeling lighter than I have since we returned from Puerto Rico. I look down at Melody who is still sleeping soundly in my arms and the feeling of contentment washes over me. I am the most at peace a moments like these when I know she is completely mine and not going anywhere. If only, that crazy woman, Mindy, would leave me the hell alone. I decided a week ago to take the advice of my attorneys and manager and ignore her tantrums, but my gut is telling me that she is going to escalate and not move on as they said she would. I can’t help the feeling of uneasiness that grows in the pit of my stomach as I think more and more about the situation.

“Hey, what are you thinking about?” Melody’s sleep-filled voice startles me out of my thoughts.

“I’m wondering if we have any more of that ice cream from last night,” I say, smoothly, lying.

She stares at me for another second as if she’s contemplating whether or not she believes me. Instead of letting her deliberate anymore, I reach down and place my hand at the soft spot between her legs, rubbing her. When I hear her purr in the back of her throat, I know I have effectively switched topics. For the next thirty minutes, not another sound, aside from moans, groans and skin slapping against skin, is heard throughout our bedroom.

Just over an hour later, Melody is doing her usual running around trying to make it out the door on time so she won’t be late for work. I’ve thrown on a pair of workout shorts and t-shirt. I’m preparing to head down to the athletic arena for a workout once Mel leaves. All of a sudden there is a loud pounding on the door.

“Mr. Rogers this is the Philadelphia Police. Open up!”

“What’s going on?” Mel looks toward me, eyes wide.

I’m just as confused as she is. I have no idea why the police are at our door at seven-thirty in the morning, but I don’t let her see my concern. That uneasy feeling I had earlier returns like a tidal wave. Somehow before I reach the door I know this has something to do with Mindy’s threats. “It’s fine,” I lie again to my wife for the second time that morning. “I’m sure it’s just some type of misunderstanding,” I try to assure Melody as I twist the handle to open the door.

“Yes,” I say, frowning at the three officers standing at my door.

“Are you Landon Rogers?” My frown deepens as that is one of the dumbest questions I have heard in a while. There’s likely not a soul in this city who doesn’t know who the fuck I am. Not to sound arrogant, but my damn picture is as big as day on one of the most prominent billboards in this city.

“I’m sure you already know the answer to that question or you wouldn’t be here,” I smugly state.

“Landon,” my wife admonishes, stepping next to me. “What is this about?” she questions, worriedly.

“Ma’am, please step back,” one of the officers says as he makes a move to step closer and push her back with his arm.

Without thinking I push her behind me, and stand directly in front of the officer who I hover over by at least four inches. Although he is the one with the gun, I can tell he is intimidated by the look I am giving him. “Don’t touch her,” I say alarmingly low. His eyes widen a bit and he takes the smallest step back.

“Landon, it’s okay. I’m sure this is some type of misunderstanding, right?” Melody tries to smooth things over. “Gentlemen, what is this about?”

“Landon Rogers, we need you to come down to the station with us for some questioning,” one of the other officers says, stepping closer with a pair of handcuffs in his hand.

It’s not these officers, their handcuffs, or their guns that intimidates or worries me. It’s the gasp that I hear behind me from my wife that nearly causes my knees to go weak.

“What are you talking about?” she questions frantically.

“Ma’am ple—” the officer stops when I step closer to him.

“Sir, we need to take you down to the station,” the third officer finally speaks up.

“And you needed three officers to do that? What is this questioning for?” My tone is clipped, obviously agitated.

The officers looks over at Mel for a second before looking back at me. “A Mindy Carlisle is accusing you of attacking her in her home two nights ago. We would like you to come with us to the station to answer some questions. Please do not make this more difficult than it has to be.”

“Landon would never hurt any woman. Who the hell is this Mindy person?” Mel’s questions come one right after the other.

I know I need to calm her down. She is my first priority. “Mel, baby, go to work. I’m sure this will all be resolved by the time you get home today.” I place a quick peck to her lips and turn to the officers. “Fine. I assume I can call my attorney at the station?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Landon,” I hear Mel call.

“It’s okay, babe. Go to work. Have a good day. I’ll be here when you get home.” I give her one last kiss on her forehead before grabbing my keys off the stand by the door and walking out with the officers. Clearly, I know my wife is not going to listen to me by going to work and acting like this never happened, but I put on the performance of my life by not completely losing it in front of her. Right now I can feel my erratic heartbeat and the warmth of my anger rushing through my veins. I promise myself that Mindy will pay for this bullshit.

****

“This is un-fucking-believable!” I yell at my attorney. I am entering my fifth hour down at the police station. Although he’d arrived within twenty minutes of my being here, it took the police another hour for them to actually let him in to see me. As predicted, Melody did not go to work, instead she immediately called Tony, my attorney and followed me down to the station. I made Walt take her home. There is no way I want her involved in any of this bullshit. I will keep her as far away from all of this as possible if I can help it, and I can help it.

“I know, Landon, but they have some convincing evidence in their favor,” Tony tells me.

“Fuck their evidence. I didn’t do shit to that bit…woman!” I bite my tongue.

“As your attorney, it’s not my concern whether you did it or—”

“No! Stop right there! As my attorney it’s my concern that you know for a fact that I did not do what she is accusing me of. Otherwise, we can settle up right now and I’ll have another lawyer down here within the hour.”

Tony pauses and looks at me with his keen, dark eyes. He’s been an attorney for a long time. I trust his business sense, but if he thinks I’ll keep him on board if he doesn’t believe me, he can get the hell out of here. “Okay, Landon.” He nods. “We’ve worked together a long time, and I know you would never do something like this. I’ve come across enough pompous, asshole athletes who I’d bet money would not hesitate to harm a woman. You’re not one of them.” The sincerity in his tone lightens my load just enough, and I breathe a little easier.

“Now, that that’s been established, the evidence is still the same. There are photographs of her at your construction properties, images of you two together looking very cozy, and this one of you looking very aggressive toward her just a few days before she was attacked. Statements from hospital staff about the bruising and abrasions on her body are consistent with an attack. There is also video footage from security cameras outside her home of a car similar to yours, as well as a man similar to your height and build on the night of the attack. It looks like Mindy is telling the truth.”

“But there is no shred of DNA evidence,” I point out defensively. “No proof that I am the one that gave her those bruises.”

Tony ponders this and nods. “Yes, that works in our favor, but there is a great deal of circumstantial evidence that works in her favor. Look, first we are going to get you released and then we’ll go back to my office and begin handling this. You’ve got a team of money-hungry, pit bulls for attorneys behind you. We’ll handle this,” he reassures me.

It takes another hour for the police to process my release. By the time I exit the interrogation room where they have held me all day, it’s mid-afternoon. As we exit the police station and make our way down the stairs, one of the officers that had shown up at my home this morning to arrest me, approaches Tony and me.

“Mr. Rogers, I know this is bit awkward, but I’m a huge fan. Do you think…” he trails off.

I notice the pad of paper and pen in his hands. Un-fucking-believable, I think for the umpteenth time in a matter of a few hours. This guy is really asking for an autograph after I’ve been questioned and all but accused of a crime I didn’t commit. It’s so bold, I’d almost respect it, if I wasn’t the one who’d just been held at the police station for hours. “If you don’t get the ever-loving fuck—”

“Okay, Landon, the car is here. I’m sorry, officer, Mr. Rogers is not doing autographs at the present time. Thank you,” Tony smoothly intervenes, stepping between the officer and me.

I continue to glare at the officer even as I enter the waiting Town Car.

“How’s Mel?” I ask Tony as soon as we pull off.

“Frantic. According to my assistant and Walt, she’s been calling every ten minutes. She’s pissed you wouldn’t let her wait at the station with you or meet you down at my office.”

“She doesn’t need to be involved in all this,” I state.

Tony shakes his head. “Yeah, that’s what I thought too. It was my duty as a husband to protect my wife at all times. But early in our marriage, Beth set me straight. One day, Mel will do the same to you,” he comments.

Beth and Tony have been married for over twenty years. Tony and I are a lot alike, which is why we’ve worked well together for so long. But he’s not always right. I will not let Melody become more involved in this anymore than she already has become. It’s my job as her husband to keep anything from hurting her, and I take my job very seriously.

“You let me worry about my marriage. Let’s discuss how you are going to resolve this and the type of lawsuit we’re going to file against Mindy,” I retort.

I see Tony shake his head before he finally begins discussing how we are going to approach this problem.





Chapter Seven

Melody

“Landon! Thank God!” I squeal as I launch myself into his arms before he’s even able to get the key out of the lock of our main door. “Are you okay? What happened? What did Tony tell you?” I can’t stop the barrage of questions that spill out of my mouth. It’s well after eight o'clock at night, and I have been cooped up in our condo all day unable to speak with my husband save for a few minutes when he called me after being released to tell me he was okay.

“Walt, thank you for staying with her all day. I’ll call you if I need anything else.” Landon’s voice is calm and steady as usual, except when he’s angry. It anchors me back to reality, where I remember Walt is still there in our home.

I clear my throat. “Thanks, Walter.” I smile at him.

“Anytime,” he returns, gives Landon a nod and collects his things to leave.

“Landon, please tell me what is going on. You wouldn’t talk to me all day and Walt wouldn’t tell me anything.” I know Walt was only following Landon’s instructions.

“It’s all over the news too,” I say.

“You watched the news? Damnit, I’m firing Walt’s ass. He should have known better than to let you see that shit.”

“No, Landon, you will not be firing Walter. He did his job. Now I want you to tell me what’s going on please,” I beg.

He sighs, running his hand through his thick brown hair. “All right, sit down,” he tells me, pulling me toward our huge couch.

“First, I need you to know none of this is true. I would never—”

I cover his hand with mine, “Landon, I know you would never hurt a woman or do what you’re being accused of. You don’t have to tell me that.” The words aren’t even fully out of my mouth before he pulls me into a long, deep, hard kiss. I can feel his gratitude and relief from the way he is kissing me. He ends the kiss and cups my cheeks, bringing us forehead to forehead.

“Thank you,” he whispers.

“Don’t thank me. You’re my husband,” I reply.

He swallows deeply before he begins. “Mindy and I dated months before I even met you. We had a thing. It was casual…nothing serious. I broke it off due to my training and traveling schedule. I just didn’t feel enough for her to keep it going with my career being so busy. Anyway, a few months later I went to Puerto Rico for the off-season and met you. When we became serious and the public started finding out about us living together, Mindy started sending me text messages. They started off casual enough; asking about the upcoming season, how my day was, you know nothing even sexual or suggestive. I replied every now and again, but when I felt she was doing it too often, I stopped responding. Then she’d pop up at the sports arena under the guise of working, and accidentally bump into me. She works as a producer for the Channel 10 News, so she was given access by her company. This went on for months. I didn’t think on it too much. I’ve dealt with enough pushy women and groupies to think I could handle it. Anyway, once we got engaged, she upped the ante.”

“How so?” I ask.

“She began to threaten to tell you that she and I had carried on an affair. She began calling my manager’s office and coaches when I would ignore her. She showed up at my construction sites a few times. Under Tony’s advice, I did my best to ignore her antics. I stayed completely away from her, but she kept coming. This is her big attempt to get my attention. She’s intent on breaking us up. I don’t even think she wants me back. She just wants me to be as miserable as she is.”

“Did she find out we got married? Is that why she went to this length?” I question.

Landon shakes his head. “No one except my attorney, our families, and close friends know and they are legally bound to keep it to themselves. She’s just reached the point of desperation.”

“So, what does Tony say? How are we going to handle this?”

“We,” Landon emphasizes motioning back and forth between him and me. “Aren’t going to handle anything. I am going to light a fire under Tony and his team’s ass to get this shit over with as soon as possible and draw up papers to sue Mindy for defamation.”

“Landon, you don’t need to handle this on your own. I—”

“Mel, did you just hear me? I have this handled. I don’t want you worrying about anything.” His voice is stern, and unflappable.

I know I’m not going to get anywhere, so instead I just ask him to fill me in on the details of what Tony has told him so far. For the next hour, he tells me what type of evidence the police have in favor of Mindy’s claims, and whether or not he believes charges will be filed. My heart rate speeds up when I hear him say possible charges for this type of crime could land him in jail for up to five years.

“It won’t come to that,” he says, soothing me when he sees the look of alarm on my face. I quickly steel my face and try to look as neutral as possible. I know Landon is already reluctant to share everything with me. I know he’ll be even more reclusive with the details of this case if I freak out. I remain quiet as he tells me about the times Mindy popped up unexpectedly at his construction sites. How there is photographic evidence of him pulling her arm as he tries to escort her out of the sport’s arena after she showed up yet again. Apparently, her story is that she and Landon were having an affair for months while he was with me, and when she threatened to leave him, he became obsessed with getting her back. She claims that when she threatened to tell me to get him to leave her alone is when he became violent and attacked her.

My insides recoil as I hear the words spill out of Landon’s mouth. My stomach rolls with nausea, thinking of the horrible things she has accused him of. I’m all too familiar with the type of person who would do something like this, and Landon is not that. I know the man I married would never do those things, but now the whole world is questioning whether the man they revere on the football field is a monster in real life. I hate this Mindy for these false accusations, not only because they are hurting the man I love, but for reasons I won’t get into now.

“Maybe I should take some time off from work,” I suggest, more because I want to be around for Landon during this time, than because I want to avoid the media and scrutiny from coworkers.

“Absolutely not,” he states adamantly. “You will not be affected by this. Your life will not be impacted by this.”

“Landon, this is not—”

“No!” he fiercely declares, standing. “I said you will not be impacted by this. You will go to work and live your life because I will make all of this go away.”

I don’t even have time to respond before he storms off. I don’t take his anger personally, because I know that he is doing what he believes is protecting me. Landon can be a hard-headed mule when it comes to keeping things from me for my own good. I blow out a breath and rise from the couch, going to the kitchen and begin preparing a late dinner. I haven’t eaten since this morning, feeling too anxious throughout this crazy day, and I doubt Landon has eaten. I’m hoping a hot meal will soothe his ruffled feathers at least for now. Thankfully, it’s Friday so I don’t have to face work for the next two days.

****

“What happened here?” I ask as I notice the quarter-size purple and blue bruise on Gabriella’s wrist. I squint in confusion when she hastily covers her wrist with her long sleeve and avoids eye contact. It’s strange enough she’s wearing long sleeves this time of year, as it’s early May and the weather has warmed considerably.

“It’s nothing, Ms. James. I was cooking dinner for my mom the other night and the dog got in my way and I tripped and hit my arm on the counter,” Gabriella states.

I tilt my head to the side. The story sounds suspicious enough but coupled with Gabriella’s reluctance to even look at me, I am getting a strange feeling. Over the last few weeks I have noticed Gabriella’s usual flare is gone as well. She’s usually introverted around others, but once comfortable, her bubbly personality shines through. Lately, even in our one-on-one sessions she’s more sullen, keeps her head down, and even her style of dress is different, choosing to wear her long hair in ponytails or buns with few of the hair bows she usually wears.

“You sure it wasn’t another fight?” I question.

“Yeah, Ms. James, I ain’t been in no fights recently.”

“Okay. I’m just making sure. You know if something is going on, I’m here, right? And if you really need me you have my cell to use in case of an emergency, okay?” It’s not something my school administration encourages, but I have given out my personal cell phone number to students and their parents to use if they need something or if there is an emergency.

“I remember.” Gabriella throws me a half smile, but it’s missing its usual sparkle, and my heart aches.

I want to help, but I can’t if I don’t know what’s going on. Strangely enough, this mirrors what is going on in my own home. I’m surrounded by people who refuse to let me all the way in. I sigh, ridding myself of the thoughts of Landon and those false accusations while I am at work.

“Okay. Well, you only have a few more weeks here. You should be starting to prepare your graduation speech,” I say with enthusiasm. Gabriella is highly ranked in her class, and while the final ranking is dependent on finals, it’s pretty much set that Gabriella will come out as either number one or number two in her class, both of which make speeches during graduation. She is slated to attend one of the most reputable high schools in the city, and that is no small feat considering where she comes from.

“I’ve been practicing a little,” she says shyly, but the sparkle that returns to her eye when she says it, reminds me of the Gabriella I’m used to.

“Well, how about we start talking about it a little more next week? I can be a listening ear if you want me to or I can wait until graduation like everybody else to hear it.”

“Okay, Ms. James, I’ll think about it,” she says, picking her book bag up off the floor as the bell rings. “Bye, Ms. James.” She waves as she heads out the door.

I barely have time to say bye before she is out the door and heading out of the main office to her next class. I’m still left with that strange feeling concerning Gabriella minutes later, even as my next student enters my office door. I quickly switch gears and greet this student, pushing thoughts of Gabriella to the back of my mind.

****

“How about we do some shopping and then grab some lunch?” Paulette suggests early Saturday morning during a phone call.

“I guess,” I say as glumly as I am feeling. “Landon’s gone to an early morning workout and then will likely have to meet with his lawyers this afternoon,” I state. It’s been two weeks since the day Landon was questioned, and so far he has been consumed with meeting lawyers and discussing with his manager on how to make this go away. He still refuses to tell me everything that is going on, which leaves me feeling helpless as to how I can help him. He’s still been loving and attentive toward me, but I feel like I am unable to return the favor and support him the way he needs, because he won’t let me in. Thankfully, the media has stopped showing up at my school, trying to interview me, but that doesn’t mean they’ve let this go. It feels like almost every other day there’s some sort of new information coming out in the news about Landon and Mindy. Most of my coworkers have offered words of support and disbelief that this is happening, but I also see the look of suspicion from some of them. Their suspicion only bothers me because I hate that people think Landon could do what he is accused of.

“Well damn, you could at least sound happy about spending the day with me. I have a day entirely to myself for once, and I’m choosing to hang out with you,” Paulette grumbles, causing me to laugh. I know she’s trying to bring me out of my funk.

“I know. I’m sorry, girl. Of course, I’d love to go shopping and have lunch with you today.”

“Cool, I’ll be there around eleven. Be ready.” She hangs up and I force myself to get up off the couch and go get dressed. I still don’t feel like doing more than curling up in bed, underneath my husband’s strong arms, but that’s not going to happen today, so shopping it is. I’m hoping my mood will have improved by the time I get back.





Chapter Eight

Landon

“What the hell do you mean there’s good news and bad news?” I grumble at my manager, Michael. We’re sitting in his office with Tony and Walt, discussing this bullshit with Mindy. The police and prosecutors aren’t letting this thing go, they are planning to get a court order to swab me for DNA to try and link me to the attack. There is no fucking way I’m going to admit to doing some shit I never did. I have never and would never strike a woman.

“Well, there are some major flaws with Mindy’s case. Statements she made to the police about meeting with you don’t correspond with times you were even in the city. In fact, in her initial statement the day she said you attacked her, is the same day you and Mel flew to Puerto Rico to get married.”

I sit up a little straighter in my chair, hearing this news. “Well, that proves she’s lying. There’s no way I could have attacked her and been on a plane at the same time.” The look Michael gives me tells me this is not the good news I was hoping for.

“Landon,” Tony take over for Michael, “While that sounds good, Mindy later goes on to say she was confused and changes dates to a day before when you were in town. One of the social workers went on record claiming that this sort of thing does happen with victims of some sort of trauma. They lose track of dates and times, so Mindy’s statements can be construed as a mix up of someone who has been traumatized, instead of the lie we know it is. But that’s not it…”

Tony’s words already deflated the small sense of victory I was starting to experience. Now the way he said that last sentence, I knew I wasn’t going to like whatever he had to say next.

“There may be another accuser.”

I don’t even have the energy to feel the outrage I should feel at that statement. I thought I was in disbelief, but this is truly the kicker. “Another woman is saying I had an affair with her?”

“Not quite,” Tony answers. “There is a woman you went to college with. She’s claiming she was sexually assaulted at a college party and…” Tony trails off.

I look between Tony and Michael and brace myself for whatever it is he has to say next.

“She was impregnated by the rape. Even though the statute of limitations is far past expired, the prosecutors are thinking of requesting a DNA test of this woman’s son to finger you as her attacker. They believe it speaks to a pattern of violence against women by you.”

“What the fuck did you just say?” Those are the only words I can think of as I stand from my chair.

“Landon, calm down,” Michael begins.

“Don’t fucking tell me what to do.” I point at him. “You’ve just told me that there is another woman out there who is accusing me of being the father of her fucking kid as the product of a rape! You don’t tell me to calm the fuck down!” My voice fills the huge corner office. Livid doesn’t even begin to express how I am feeling right now. The room suddenly feels a lot smaller than it is, and even the air feels strangling. I need to get out of here. I begin heading to the door.

“Landon, we need to discuss this. Mindy has hired a public relations firm. That’s how they found this woman.”

I stop with my hand on the door. “A public relations firm? Which one?” I ask incredulously. At one point every PR firm in this damn city was begging to do business with me. That means some company that hounded me for their business is now working with Mindy to destroy me.

“McDaniels and Associates,” Michael responds.

“Son of a bitch,” I blurt out. I know exactly who is behind this little PR witch hunt. I knew this fucker would try to get back at me somehow.

“I’m leaving. I’ll be back first thing Monday morning to deal with this bullshit,” I say as I yank Michael’s office door open and leave. I need to get my bearings before I can think rationally about this.

****

Melody

“God, you don’t think I sound like one of the twit women who stand by their man no questions asked, do you?” I ask as Paulette and I dine at the Cheesecake Factory after hours of shopping at the King of Prussia Mall. We both found outfits to wear to this year’s graduation. I called Landon and left a message telling him where I was and I promised that I’d order him a slice of his favorite vanilla bean cheesecake. Now I was here venting to my close friend as we ate.

“No, I think you sound like a woman who loves her fiancé,” she reassures me.

“Husband,” I whisper across the table so patrons don’t hear me.

Paulette immediately cocks her head to the side and stares at me...more like glares. “I know damn well you didn’t run off and get married and not invite me.” Her voice is rising, and I can see her attitude erupting.

I look around, making sure others aren’t listening before reaching across the table to grab her hand. “Paulette, I’m sorry. It was kind of last minute. We flew to Puerto Rico over spring break,” I say apologetically.

Her eyes remain sharp as she stares for a few more moments. “That’s fine as long as I’m the godmother of your first born.”

She holds up her hand to silence me when I attempt to tell her I’d already promised Lina that she’d be the godmother of our first child.

“A child can have more than one godmother. Don’t deny me this.”

I see the sincerity in her eyes. “Okay, but you have to promise not to tell anyone that Landon and I are married,” I say sternly. I sigh with relief when Paulette agrees not to tell anyone, not even her husband. I nod and shrug. “At least our children will be well-loved with two godmothers.”

“Indeed, they…” Paulette stops short, looking at something over my shoulder.

I turn and my face falls. Coming towards our table at five-ten, beautifully tanned brown skin, and a solid build topped off by a confident stride as if he owns the world, is my ex-boyfriend, Evan. “Oh, God,” I groan out loud. It’s been months since I’ve seen Evan. It’s mostly been in passing at events I’ve attended with Landon, and every time he’s managed to stay far away. Likely, it’s because he realizes Landon wouldn’t hesitate to put him in his place.

“Melody, Paulette,” he nods at both of us and brings his attention back to me.

“Evan,” I acknowledge, not wanting to be rude. I hope he decides to say hello and then leave. Unfortunately, that’s not what he does. “What are you doing?” I question when he pulls up a chair to the table.

“Mel, I have to go,” Paulette says, checking the time on her phone. She has a late afternoon appointment before she has to head back home to meet her mom who is dropping off the kids. “Are you going to be okay?” she asks, glancing between Evan and me.

“Why wouldn’t she be? I’ll make sure she gets home fine,” Evan interjects.

“That won’t be necessary. Landon is coming to pick me up.” I had texted Landon just as Paulette and I sat down to lunch, and he said he’d come and pick me up from the mall since I didn’t have my car with me.

“Well, then we have a little time to talk since he’s not here yet,” Evan responds.

“Mel?” Paulette’s voice holds a bit of uncertainty.

“I’ll be all right, Paulette. You go and head out.” I rise to give her a hug. I watch as she walks away and turns to see Evan still seated watching me.

“I don’t think you should be here,” I say as I remain standing.

“Mel, I’m not trying to cause you any trouble, and I’ll leave before your fiancé shows up. I just wanted to talk. I saw you sitting here as I passed by and wanted to try to make peace.”

“Make peace?”

“Yeah, I know the way we ended things wasn’t right.”

“Evan, that was almost two years ago. You’re married, and I’m m-engaged. We’ve both moved on.” I wave my hand dismissively.

“I know, Mel. But just let me apologize. I know you’re going through a tough time right now with everything that’s happening in the news.”

“Landon did not do what he’s being accused of,” I defend.

“I believe you. Please just sit.”

I pause, looking at the time on my phone. I think I have at least twenty minutes before Landon will be here to pick me up. I sigh and slowly take my seat. “You have ten minutes,” I warn Evan.

He nods. “First, let me begin by saying I’m sorry for the way I treated you while we were together. I know now I was wrong and I feel terrible.”

I think back to the nearly two years Evan and I were together and how we never really went out much, aside from dinner here and there or to the movies located way outside of the city. Later, I found out it was because he believed I didn’t fit his image since I wasn’t a skinny, size two woman who should’ve been on the arm of a wealthy business owner. He went on to marry a woman who fit his image, while trying to string me along. As I recall the pain I felt back then, I realize I feel nothing now. I’m not hurt because in the end I came out on top and now have a husband who is not ashamed to tell the world exactly what I mean to him and loves my size sixteen body just the way it is.

“Evan, you can stop apologizing. It’s water under the bridge, and if it weren’t for what you did, I may never have met Landon,” I say, not to rub it in his face, but because that’s the truth.

I watch as the muscles in Evan’s lower jaw tighten. I can see my words have an impact on him, but I refuse to take them back.

“I’m glad you’re happy, Mel. You deserve it,” he says, reaching to cover my hand with his.

I let his hand remain there for a second as I look into his face trying to discern if he is telling the truth. I go to pull my hand back but before I can, my entire body stiffens with alarm as I hear a monstrous growl that booms throughout the restaurant.

“Take your goddamn hand off of her!”

Evan and I both jump, startled by the tone in Landon’s voice. I stand quickly as I see the venom etched on my husband’s face.

“Landon, we were just…” I manage to get out, hearing the guilt in my own voice.

“Just what, Mel?! You were just having lunch with your ex?” Landon looks toward me accusingly.

“Hey, Lan—”

“Don’t fucking talk to me and don’t even look at her,” Landon furiously points his finger at Evan, cutting him off. “Let’s go,” he growls, grabbing my purse and bags off the table and wrapping his other hand around the upper part of my arm.

“Landon, we weren’t having lunch. He just stopped in to say hi. He saw us in passing. Paulette just left,” I explain, refusing to budge. I understand Landon’s anger, but I won’t let him think I’m carrying on with Evan behind his back.

“In passing, huh? Was that before or after you had your client drag another accuser into this case to lie on me?” Landon questions Evan as he scrutinizes his face.

My face must be one of total confusion because Landon looks back at me and answers my unasked question. “Oh, this didn’t come up as part of the conversation? Your ex here is now the PR rep for Mindy and has dug up some new liar to accuse me of hurting her also.” Landon is livid. His grip on my arm remains firm, but not overly tight or threatening.

I look at Evan and notice the smug look on his face. I want to lash out at him for playing Mr. Innocent all while he knew what he was doing to Landon, but I’m angrier at myself. I take note of the patrons around us who are now staring, some have even pulled out their phones to start recording this scene. I take a step back and begin moving toward the door, using Landon’s grip on my arm to pull him with me.

“Landon, let’s go.”

He glares at Evan for another second before turning and leading me out of the restaurant, and toward the parking lot where his car is parked.

“Landon,” I begin to try to apologize.

“Get in,” he cuts me off, holding open the car door.

Once I’m in, he shuts the door forcefully and goes around back to place my shopping bags in the trunk. When we pull off, his jaw is clamped tightly. I reach for his hand that is resting on his lap, but he moves it, placing it on the steering wheel. The sting of his rejecting my touch hurts more than anything, and I remove my hand and sink lower into the passenger’s seat, remaining silent for the rest of our drive home.

****

Once we reach home, Landon has our car parked in the lot one block over and brings my bags up, still not saying a word to me.

“Landon, I’m sorry,” I begin as soon as we step inside our condo.

“For what, Mel? For having lunch with your ex or the man who is working with Mindy to bring a case against me?” His voice is full of something I’ve never heard before.

“I didn’t have lunch with him!” I protest, growing frustrated. “I know the scene may have looked bad, but Evan and I had been talking for only a few minutes. I told him you were on the way to pick me up. I thought he would be gone by the time you got there.”

“Oh, so that makes it better? If I hadn’t found you two together, would you have told me you saw him?”

I hesitate in answering because I honestly doubted I would tell Landon I’d seen Evan if he hadn’t of walked in on us. I know it’s probably wrong, but I know Landon hates Evan.

“Fucking exactly! The man owns the PR firm that is helping Mindy and her lawyers!” His voice is filled with accusation. “Stay the hell away from him.”

“I didn’t know Evan’s firm was involved in this,” I defend myself. “I would never have spoken to him had I known. And besides, it’s not like I’m the only one withholding information.”

“What the hell does that mean?” he incredulously asks.

“It means, that you have shut me out of everything that’s going on. You leave early in the morning to work out and meet with your lawyers, and I have no idea what’s going on. I find out from the news like everyone else does…like I’m some stranger.” I hear the hurt in my own words.

“Because you don’t need to be worried about this shit,” he says, waving me off and storming off to the kitchen.

I follow him. “Why wouldn’t I need to be worried about it? You’re my husband. I—”

“Dammit, Mel! I said you don’t need to be worried. I’m handling it. You just don’t ever fucking talk to your ex again,” he says, jutting his finger at me. He angrily slams the Gatorade bottle he’s just retrieved from the refrigerator down on the counter and heads toward the door, yanking the second set of keys off the key holder mounted on the wall.

“Where are you going?” I question, both angry and confused.

“Out. I’m taking the Lexus in case you need the Range.” Those are the last words he says to me before slamming the door behind him.





Chapter Nine

Melody

“Come on, Mel. You know that was messed up,” my best friend, Lina says into the phone in her usual dramatic fashion. “What if you had walked in on Landon having lunch with an ex? And considering all that’s going on…” she leaves her last statement hanging.

“I know, Lina, but I didn’t have lunch with Evan. We barely talked for five minutes. He apologized for how things went down between us, and I thought he was sincere. I don’t have any feelings for Evan at all. Well…now I hate him for what his company is doing to Landon.” I sigh. “What if Landon doesn’t come home?” I whine.

“Now, who’s being the drama queen?” My friend throws the accusation I always toss at her in my direction. “Mel, you know Landon wouldn’t leave you over this or anything for that matter. He needs time to cool off.”

I nod, knowing her words are the truth. “I know you’re right. I just hate that I feel so frozen out of a major part of his life right now. I want to be there for him, but he won’t let me.”

“So tell him that. Communicate with your husband.”

“When did you become the expert on relationships?” I ask.

“I don’t know. Maybe seeing you and Landon get married made me realize how important real love is.” She laughs. “Anyway, you two will be all right. I have a feeling. Call me tomorrow to let me know how you’re doing.”

“Okay. Thanks for talking me down.”

“What else is new?”

“Shut up. Bye.” I hear Lina’s giggles as I hang up.

I feel a little better, but I still want Landon to come home. I decide to send him a text message since he hasn’t answered any of my previous calls.

I’m sorry. Come home.

After a few minutes of silence from my phone, I toss it to the other side of our huge sectional couch and head to the kitchen. I pull out my favorite Chunky Monkey ice cream and head up the stairs to eat and sulk in bed, while watching a marathon of Law and Order SVU. I turn it off when one of the episodes features a sexual assault at a college campus. That’s the absolute last thing I need to think of right now. Once the ice cream is finished, I drag myself out of bed and go down to toss out the carton in the kitchen garbage before going to take a shower. I try to wash the tension of the day away as I lather up. It helps a little, but I’d much rather be arguing with Landon on how I can’t get my hair wet in the shower than bathing alone. At any rate, I get out and go through my normal moisturizing routine and climb in bed naked. It takes a little while of tossing and turning, but I manage to fall asleep.

****

Landon

I sigh out a deep breath as I open the door to the quiet and darkened living room. It’s been a few hours since I stormed out of here and the truth is I miss Mel already. I’d rather be curled up next to her in bed than watching the NBA playoffs at some sports bar, which is where I’ve been. I sat in a corner all evening with a low-hanging baseball cap so no one would recognize me, because the way I was feeling when I left here I don’t know what would have happened if the wrong person had come across me. Seeing Mel with her ex after just learning he is the son of a bitch whose PR company was trying to ruin my career and reputation, made me livid. I know my wife, and I know she would never betray me in that way, but my emotions got the best of me.

I toss the keys on the stand next to the door, take my hat off, throwing it on the couch, and run my fingers through my hair. I smirk when I think about how pissed Mel will be when she sees my clothing strewn all over our condo, even as I remove my t-shirt and carelessly drop it on the bannister as I walk up the stairs. I don’t care about clothing or my disheveled look. All I want is to see my baby in our bedroom.

I enter our bedroom and leave the light off. From the hallway light illuminating our room, I can see Mel’s body barely covered by the bedsheets as she sleeps on her right side. I quietly walk further into room and my mouth waters at the rise and fall of her breasts with each breath. She’s sleeping on my side of the bed, something she does when she misses me. I gently turn her onto her back, and remove the entire bedsheet, working as discreetly as possible. I remove my own sneakers, jeans and boxer briefs before climbing in bed next to her. I then position myself between her legs, placing each leg over my shoulders, nudging them apart. By now, Mel is stirring awake, but still has her eyes tightly closed.

I dip my head at the apex of her thighs and her scent undoes me. She smells like the body wash and strawberries from the body moisturizer she uses. I can’t get enough of that scent mixed with her natural enticing aroma. I don’t waste time as I put my whole head at the meeting between her thighs and begin eating her out for everything I’m worth. I lick and suck on her labia first, getting her nice and moist, before moving to her clit. It doesn’t take long before Mel’s body is responding to me and I hear her moaning.

“Mmmm… Lan-Landon,” she moans breathlessly, with sleep still evident in her voice.

It turns me on even more to know that even while half asleep it is my name she still calls out. I continue my ministrations with my tongue and slowly insert a finger into her wet hole. Mel’s legs have now tightened around my shoulders, but that only spurs me on more.

“Landon, baby!” Mel groans loudly, now fully awake.

I insert a second finger into her, angling them to make contact with the sensitive spot inside her as I continue to suck on her clit while flicking my tongue. I soon begin feeling the quaking of her thighs around my neck, but I don’t let up until I feel her pussy muscles tighten around my fingers. Seconds later, her gushing wetness coats my tongue, and her legs grow even tighter around my shoulders as she cums in my mouth.

Once her screams and moans subside, I remove her legs and position myself so that my rock hard cock is now at her entrance, teasing her, as I lay down fully over her. We are now eye to eye.

“Hi,” she whispers, still a little breathless from her orgasm, wrapping her arms around my shoulders.

“Hey, Red,” I say, before kissing her lips.

“Don’t ever walk out on me during an argument again,” she warns.

“Don’t ever talk to your ex again,” I return.

She nods and says “Okay. It won’t happen again.”

The words are barely out of her mouth when I thrust my hips forward, inserting myself fully inside her. I grow even harder at the gasp she lets out from my thrusting.

“I’ll never walk out on you again,” I growl as I bury my head in the crook of her neck and take my time thrusting and grinding my hips to meet Mel’s hips. With her legs locked around my hips and her arms and scent surrounding me, all the cares, worries and anger from earlier in the day leave me. This feeling, right now, is the only thing that matters. Within minutes we both shatter in each other's arms. We spend the rest of the night, delightfully locked in one another’s embrace as we sleep.





Chapter Ten

Melody

“Hi, Ms. James. This is Celia, Gabriella’s mom.”

The hairs on the back of my neck immediately bristle. Gabriella hasn’t been in school for the last two days, and I’ve been worried. I called and left a message for her mother this morning.

“Yes, Celia. How are you and Gabriella? Is everything all right?” I anxiously ask. I stand to close my office door so passing students and staff do not overhear our conversation.

“Not really, to tell you the truth. Gabriella is in the hospital.”

“Oh God,” I murmur, as I cover my mouth. I sit behind my desk as my knees get weak. “What happened?”

“I’m not really sure, and Gabriella won’t talk to me or the police. You’re the only other person I could think of to get her to open up. Can you c—”

“Yes. Which hospital and room number?” I respond without thinking. I jot down the hospital information Celia gives me and let her know I will be there as soon as possible before I hang up. I go in to speak with my school’s principal to let him know I will be leaving early to tend to one of my students. I give him all the details I have and let him know I will call when I have more information. I head out the office door to the main exit.

“Heading out so soon, Ms. James,” Donald, the security guard questions.

I startle as I hadn’t even seen him there. “Yes, I, um, am meeting one of my students,” I tell him, not wanting to give away too many details.

“I’ll walk you to your car.”

“That won’t be necessary.” I wave him off.

“Oh no, I insist,” he retorts, already holding the door open for me.

I shrug, as Donald has never given me any vibes to suggest he is anything less than professional. The teacher’s parking lot is right across the street from the school, and Billy walks me directly to my car. On a hunch, I turn and ask, “Donald how long have you worked for the school district?”

He gives me a half smile. “Well, ma’am, technically, I’m hired by a third party and not the school district.”

I nod. “And does this third party have a name?”

“That I cannot disclose,” He grins.

“I bet you can’t,” I mumble as I open my car door. “Thank you for walking me to my car.” I wave as I get in.

More than half an hour later, I am at James Jefferson Hospital, on my way up to the second floor. As soon as I exit the elevator, I make eye contact with Celia, who looks to have been up for twenty-four hours straight. The usually well-kempt woman has her hair up in a messy bun, and her usually golden skin is pale, except her eyes, which are red and puffy, obviously from crying.

“Oh, thank God,” she blurts out as I make my way over to her.

“What’s going on?” I ask.

“Gabriella was hurt. Doctors say she’ll be okay, but she has bruised ribs, a fractured wrist, and a black eye. She’s a mess and she won’t tell me what happened. Ms. James, please talk to her,” Celia begs, practically pulling me toward the door of Gabriella’s hospital room.

“Okay, I will.” I pat the back of Celia’s hand. “You go down to the cafeteria and get some coffee or go out and get some fresh air. I promise I won’t leave until you get back, okay?”

“All right. I may go home and change my clothes. Is that all right?”

“Sure. Take your time. I’ll be here,” I reassure her.

When she leaves, I lightly knock on the door and enter. Thankfully, Gabriella is the only patient in the room right now. She looks at me, and I have to bite my tongue to keep myself from gasping in shock. Gabriella’s face is marred by a huge black-eye and a swollen lip. I can see her left wrist is covered in a cast as it rests lightly over her abdomen, indicating she is in pain. Her eyes begin to water as she sees me.

“Gabriella,” I whisper, making my way over to her. I sit at the side of her bed and pull out a pack of tissues, removing one to gently wipe away the tears from her cheeks.

“What are you doing here, Ms. J?” Her voice sounds so lost, broken, and embarrassed.

“I was worried about you. You missed two days of school, which isn’t like you. Your mom finally called, saying you were in the hospital.” I bite my tongue again to refrain from asking her what happened. I don’t want to bombard her with questions right away. I know she has been questioned and refuses to open up. Instead, I attempt to console her.

“Are you in any pain?” I question.

She shrugs her shoulder. “A little, but they gave me some medicine, and it’s helping.”

I nod. “Well, Mrs. Walters visited my office yesterday and told me you did well enough on the last exam that you didn’t have to take your science final. That now makes two finals you’ve been exempted from, and you have two A’s as your final grades already.”

Even in the state she’s in, Gabriella smiles at this news. “Thanks, Ms. J. I was worried about that science exam.”

“I know you were, but you did it,” I say, patting her hand lightly.

She smiles lightly again and her eyes water. I gently wipe those tears away.

“Oh, and I brought this for you,” I say, pulling out the Godiva milk chocolate bar I’d picked up from the gift shop on my way up. One thing Gabriella and I have in common is our love of chocolate. “Chocolate has a way of making me feel better when I’m not at my best, and I know how terrible hospital food can be,” I joke, passing Gabriella the chocolate.

“Thank you, Ms. J,” she says, taking the candy with her uninjured hand.

We sit in silence for a little while, Gabriella fidgeting with the candy bar wrapper, and I’m trying not to stare at the bruises on her face.

“He didn’t mean it, Ms. J,” she finally says after about five minutes of silence.

My heart plummets, and I have to clamp my jaw shut to keep from immediately questioning who he is and where he lives.

“I was on my way to school and some boy was trying to get with me. He wouldn’t leave me alone even when I told him I had a boyfriend. Then Jay drove up and saw the boy with his hand around my waist, even though I was trying to push him off. As soon as he saw Jay, he stepped off. But Jay ain’t believe me. He kept saying if I wasn’t wearing tight clothes and busy trying to get other boys’ attention, it wouldn’t have happened. He wouldn’t let me go to school. He told me to get in the car. As we drove in his car, he punched me in the side of my face. After that, I think I went unconscious or something because that’s all I remember, until I woke up the next morning in my bed, bleeding and hurting. I guess he dropped me off at home and left.”

I feel a wave of nausea hit me as I listened to Gabriella explain how her boyfriend flew into a jealous rage and beat her up. I want to find this boy and have somebody show him exactly what it feels like to be pummeled so harshly. I turn my head so Gabriella doesn’t see the tears welling up in my eyes.

“My mom could barely wake me up the next morning. And when she saw the blood, she took me to the hospital.”

It’s a good thing she did, I think as I recall the list of injuries her mother told me she had. Thankfully, it didn’t look like Gabriella had a concussion, though she was still being monitored, which is why she was still in the hospital. I think about how long Gabriella laid in pain, alone, knowing that her mother works nights and that asshole boyfriend just left her.

“Is this the first time he’s hit you?” I ask through a shaky voice.

Gabriella dips her head, shaking it. Another wave of nausea hits me. For weeks now, I’ve suspected something was going on with her, and not wanting to overstep my bounds as a professional, plus the fact that I’ve been dealing with my own personal relationship issues, had me distracted. I feel terrible for not seeing the signs for what they were earlier. The bruises and obvious lies about the bruises. The change in overall appearance and demeanor. So many things pointed to this, but I missed it.

“Gabriella,” I begin after taking a breath and composing myself. “I know this is extremely difficult, but you have to tell the police.”

“No, Ms. J, I can’t,” she cries.

“Gabriella, listen to me,” I pull her hand into mine. “I know you really like or may even love this boy, but he doesn’t get to hit you—ever,” I say with emphasis.

“But every man hits once and awhile. My own daddy used to hit my mom before he left. And even your man has done it.”

I jerk my head back at the last part of that statement. “What?” I ask, working hard to keep my voice even.

“It’s all over the news how he hurt that woman. I overheard my friend’s mom saying if he hit her he probably hits you too. I mean, it’s just the way it is.” She shrugs.

At this, I have to stand, even as my body begins to shake. I pace back and forth in front of the hospital bed trying to reign in my emotions. I know Gabriella is only basing this on what she has seen in her life, and she is only a child. I don’t blame her for believing this is how it’s supposed to be. I ache for her. And I ache for my husband who people believe is a woman abuser. I don’t talk about my personal life to my students or most of the staff at my school. But this time I’ll make the exception.

“Gabriella, sweetie, I need you to listen to me. I know what your dad used to do to your mom, but it was wrong,” I say, trying to sound neutral, but firm at the same time. “He was wrong for hitting your mother. Not every relationship is like that. My father was and still is the protector of my mother. He would lay down his own life rather than see her hurt. That is the type of love I grew up seeing. And when it came time for me to find someone to love, that is the only type of relationship I would accept. I could never be with someone who thinks it’s okay to hit me. I know the news is suggesting that Landon attacked that woman, but that is not the Landon Rogers I know. He wouldn’t do those things, and I wouldn’t be with him if he did. No one has the right to put their hands on you, especially not someone who claims to love you. If you believe nothing else I’ve said in all the years I’ve known you, believe that, okay?”

A teary-eyed Gabriella stares at me in the eye, searching for the truth in my words. Finally, she acquiesces. “Okay, Ms. James, I believe you,” she pauses and stares out the window, contemplatively, for a full minute. “Will you stay with me when I tell the police?” Her voice is so full of innocence and so child-like it breaks my heart.

I nod. “Of course, I will.”

****

A few hours later, I am stepping out of the hospital feeling drained. As promised, I had sat with Gabriella as she told the police her story. She finally confessed to her mother what had been happening, and they both cried in each other’s arms. When I exited the room, one of the officers told me he was familiar with this boy who was eighteen years old. Apparently, he has a history of hitting other girls in the past. I shake my head as I think about how young he is to have such violent tendencies. I’ve already begun composing a list of counselors Gabriella and her mom can go see to help them both through this ordeal. I feel so emotionally spent that all I want is the comfort of someone I know who loves me. I pull out my phone and press the button on my speed dial to call Landon.

“Hey, babe,” his deep voice answers.

“Hey. Where are you?”

“At Michael’s office with the law—”

“I’m on my way.” I don’t give him time to finish before I hang up and quicken my pace toward my car. I need to see my husband and have his strong arms wrapped around me.





Chapter Eleven

Landon

I remove the phone from my ear and stared at it, wondering what is going on. I had received a call from Donald a few hours ago, telling me that Mel was leaving work early. When he said she was going to the hospital, I almost lost it thinking she was hurt, but breathed a sigh of relief when he said she was visiting a student there. Yeah, I had hired Donald as a security guard to watch over Mel while she’s at work. Her school is in a rough neighborhood, and there are times she works early mornings or stays late at night for events. I have no shame in doing my best to protect her.

It’s been two weeks since our argument when I stormed out, and I know she still wants me to open up about what is happening with this case, but I just can’t. I’m doing everything in my power to make sure she isn’t hurt by Mindy’s bullshit. Now, as I stare at the phone I wonder what has her so rattled. She sounded odd over the phone.

“Who was that?” Michael’s question brings my attention from my phone to everyone else in the room.

“That was Mel. She’s on her way here.”

Michael raises his brow at me, but I don’t say anything more about her visit.

“Hurry up and finish what you were telling me before she arrives,” I say, looking over at Tony, impatiently.

Another twenty minutes pass, as Tony gives me more details on what Mindy has been saying and what the prosecutors are now claiming. They’ve approached him a number of times to try to work out a plea deal and each time I’ve told them to shove it up their ass. I refuse to admit to doing something I unequivocally did not do.

Before long, Michael’s assistant rings his phone. “Michael, Ms. James is here to see Mr. Rogers.” I frown at that, hating that Melody and I still have not made it public that we are married. Even though she has legally changed her last name to Rogers, she still goes by James professionally. And with all the scrutiny we’ve been under lately, I figured it would be better to wait until this blows over to make it public, to help keep Mel’s life as private as possible.

“Send her in.” I hear Michael say, but I’m already at the door, opening it.

As soon as I see her, I know something is wrong. Her eyes are a little swollen, and it looks like she’s been crying. I pull her into my arms. “What happened?” I question.

“Nothing. I mean, something,” she corrects when I frown down at her. “We can talk about it later. I just needed to see you.” She smiles up at me, but the sheen over her eyes tells me whatever something is, it’s serious. I figure it has something to do with the student she visited at the hospital. Mel can get very attached and emotional about her students.

“I’m better now,” she says, rising up on her tiptoes to give me a peck on the cheek.

My own mood improves tenfold from that small token of affection. “We were just finishing up. Come on in Michael’s office and sit, and then we can go home together,” I say, already pulling her by the hand toward the office.

“Hey, Mel. Good to see you,” Michael greets her with a warm embrace. Although innocent, I still feel that pang of jealousy, and I pull her closer to me. Mel notices it and smirks up at me knowingly.

“Mel,” Tony says with nods. “I would give you a hug, but this guy may try to deck me,” he jokes.

I shrug. “Keep your hands to yourself,” I suggest. Everyone in the room chuckles except for me. Mel squeezes my hand reassuringly. I grin at her and pull her toward the couch in Michael’s office and grab a bottle of water out of the small fridge in the corner of the room.

After handing Mel the water, I turn to Michael and Tony and ask, “Did you have anything else you needed to discuss with me?”

“You don’t have to hurry your meeting up for me. I just wanted to see you. I don’t mind waiting,” Mel chimes in.

I begin shaking my head, only to be interrupted by Michael’s assistant. Instead of calling, she is now at the door. “Michael, you guys should turn the news on,” she says with an anxious look on her face.

Michael immediately uses the remote control to turn on the flat screen mounted on his office wall.

“We break now to the press conference of Lisa Turner, one of the alleged victims accusing Landon Rogers of sexual assault.” The MSNBC news journalist says.

My heartbeat kicks into overtime and I can feel the blood rushing through my veins. I stare at the TV as an image of a blonde-haired woman behind a microphone comes on. This is the first time I’m seeing the face of the second woman who is now accusing me of assaulting her. At first I’m too livid to hear the words coming out of her mouth. I feel something in my hand and turn to see Mel now standing beside me as she stares at the screen, gripping my hand. I don’t want her to see this. I feel powerless in this moment, and there is nothing I can do about it.

“We were drunk…blacked out…woke up naked…” are the few words I make out of Lisa Turner’s string of lies, still not believing what is happening.

Minutes later, the press conference ends, and journalists go on to give their interpretation of what happened and voice their opinions about whether she is telling the truth or not.

“Cut it off,” Tony advises Michael, and he does.

“She’s fucking lying!” Those are the only words I can think of right now. I have no idea who that woman is. I try to search my mental rolodex for any memories of her and I come up blank.

“Landon, we know,” Tony reassures.

“She’s some chick who got drunk at a party, probably fucked a whole frat and now wants to pin her kid on me,” I roar. Lisa Turner claims her child was a product of her so-called rape. Of course, a simple DNA test would prove I’m not the kid’s father, but I’m pissed to have to even go through that.

“She’s not lying.” Mel’s voice is low, distant.

My stomach drops at those words. I turn her toward me, as she is still facing the now blank screen. “Mel, you can’t believe…” I can’t even get the words out.

She shakes her head. “I would never believe you’d do something like that ever,” Her voice is sure. “But I also believe her.” She turns back to the screen. “That woman was raped.”

I crinkle my brows in confusion. “So, you believe both of us? How do you know she’s telling the truth?”

Mel turns back to me, and the look in her eyes nearly makes me vomit. I know I’m not going to want to hear the next words she has to say.

“I know,” she says in a low voice filled with pain.

“Get the fuck out!” I growl at Michael and Tony. We don’t need an audience for what Mel is getting ready to say. I can feel it in the pit of my stomach.

“Land—”

“Now!” I glare at both men as they exit the room. It’s not them I’m pissed at, but there’s no one else to take my anger out on. I have to hear what Melody has to say, but at the same time I don’t want to.

“Tell me,” I press, gripping her shoulders.

She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath before starting. “At the beginning of our sophomore year, Lina and I decided to go to a frat party. She had a crush on this basketball player, and we heard he’d be there. We went, and I danced with a few guys. There was lots of alcohol, of course. I don’t remember how much I had to drink. I sort of remember being handed a drink by one of the guys there.” Her voice hitches, and her eyes glaze over as she recalls the events of that night.

I want to tell her to stop, but I know she needs to release this so I remain quiet.

“The next thing I remember is being in a bedroom with one of the basketball players on top of me. My shirt was up around my neck and my jeans and bra were undone. I could feel his fingers inside me and his other hand on my breast. I tried to push him off me, but I could hardly move, and he was too strong. I must have screamed because he covered my mouth with his hand, but before he could go any further, Lina came charging into the room. She had been looking for me. She punched and clawed at him to get off me. He just got up and laughed, saying I wasn’t worth the trouble and left. I could barely sit up straight, let alone walk. She called a cab and had to ask the driver to come in and help carry me to the car. We made it back to our dorm room where I cried for hours. Lina begged me to call the police, but I refused. The next morning she went with me to the campus health clinic. I had blood drawn and the nurse practitioner told me the results looked as if I had been drugged with something, though most of it was out of my bloodstream by then. I didn’t report it because I felt so ashamed and disgusted with myself. I could barely get out of bed for weeks. I almost failed all my classes that semester. If it hadn’t been for Lina covering for me and even doing my homework when I couldn’t, I probably would have dropped out. As it was, I still had to see that player around campus. He’d either ignore me or give me a knowing smirk. At the end of the semester, Lina and I got an apartment off campus to decrease our chances of running into him.” She pauses taking a breath and peeking up at me through watery eyes.

My heart aches at the thought of her being hurt, and I burn with rage at the fucker who did this to her. “What’s his name?” My voice is low, lethal.

“No, Landon,” she retorts. “I didn’t tell you what happened to me to try and avenge me. I told you because when I look at Lisa Turner, I see the pain in her eyes and I know she’s telling the truth. It’s familiar because I had the same look for many years until I went and got counseling. She is a victim of rape. It wasn’t you, but someone hurt her. A victim’s memories can be fuzzy, especially when alcohol or drugs are involved. I wouldn’t know what the basketball player who hurt me looked like if Lina hadn’t pointed him out a few days later. Lisa Turner believes that it was you. Maybe she was led to believe it or she remembers seeing you in the same night of the rape. Eyewitnesses and victims aren’t always reliable.”

I swallowed deeply, still digesting everything Mel has just revealed to me. I still want to find out the name of the son of a bitch who hurt her. I don’t care how many years ago it was.

“Landon, we should—”

“No,” I cut her off. “We don’t need to do anything. Tony and his team of hotshot attorneys, and I will get to the bottom of this. I’m taking you home now,” I grunt.

Mel sighs, but relents. I can tell she is worn out from the day's events. First, whatever happened with her student obviously upset her and then seeing Lisa Turner’s press conference affected her even more. Reliving her assault was the final blow. She needs to rest. “Okay,” she agrees weakly, as I place my hand at her waist and guide us to the door.

“We’re heading out. I’ll be back in the morning. We need to talk,” I tell Tony and Michael, but don’t wait for their response as I go to open the glass door to Michael’s outer office for Mel to walk through. I take her directly to my car, and send a text to Walter to have someone pick up her car and bring it home.

“Gabriella was hurt,” Mel confesses on the way home. “Her boyfriend beat her up. That’s why she has been missing from school for the last couple of days. She has a fractured wrist, bruised ribs, and bruises all over. She thinks it’s normal. She believes all relationships are like that. Her dad hit her mom and her aunts were all hit. She saw your case on the news and thought…” she trails off.

My chest tightens knowing what Mel has left unsaid. Her student thinks I hit her. I can barely breathe from the rage, guilt, and shame bubbling inside me. “I-I’m sorry, babe,” I say, reaching for her hand.

“Don’t apologize. I set her straight. I let her know that you would never hit me and I was able to convince her to tell the police what happened. I just wanted to see you after seeing her. I felt drained and needed you to hold me.”

I swallow the lump in my throat and bring her hand to my lips, remaining silent. Once we make it in, I take Mel’s phone and turn both ours off and escort her up the stairs to our bathroom. I slowly undress her before removing my own clothes, turn on the water, and hold her hand as she gets in the shower. I climb in behind her and pick up her washcloth and the soap to begin gently washing her body, and she does the same for me. We spend twenty minutes in the shower washing each other, caressing one another, and silently consoling one another. The rage I’d felt earlier when she told me what happened to her in college, recedes to the recesses of my mind, but I will never forget or let go of trying to figure out who this basketball player is.

Once finished in the shower, we dry ourselves off, and I put on a pair of boxers and hand Mel one of my jerseys to wear. No words have been spoken since we arrived home, but we don’t need words right now as we climb into bed. We spent the rest of the day in bed watching old reruns with Mel curled up in my arms.





Chapter Eleven

Melody

It’s the following day, and I decide to take the day off so I can go up to the hospital for Gabriella’s discharge. She and her mom have decided to go stay with Gabriella’s aunt for a little while, just outside the city, to avoid any possible backlash that may occur from talking to the police about her boyfriend.

“How long do you think your meeting with Tony will last?” I question Landon as we both get dressed to leave. He is putting on a pair of workout shorts and a t-shirt to head to the team facility for a workout first, and then to his lawyer’s office. I hate how much of his time and energy this case is consuming. I secretly want him to invite me with him to be his support, but he doesn’t.

“I’m not sure, babe. I’ll call you when I’m there to let you know how long I’ll be. Maybe I’ll make a reservation at Fogo de Chao’s tonight. Would you like that?” he questions, switching topics.

I nod. “Yes, but Lan—”

“Good, I’ll have Walter set it up for eight o’clock. Love you,” he says, giving me a quick peck on the lips and cutting off my response. I watch him head out of our bedroom door with his duffle bag in hand and I want to scream. My husband is a piece of work. Even after what I shared with him yesterday, he still thinks he needs to protect me from the truth of what is happening. If anything, telling him about what happened to me in college likely has made him even more adamant about protecting me from his case. I know I have to do something to help him, and if he won’t allow me to be his support system, then I have to take matters into my own hands.

Making my way downstairs into the living room where we’d left our phones the day before, I turn mine on and rummage through my contacts. I find the person I’m looking for and hit dial.

“Hello?” his deep voice comes across the phone line. This is the first time I’ve spoken to him since that night at Paradise Island and the first time I’ve ever called him. It seems silly to be nervous with someone who has seen you naked, yet I am.

“Jeremy?” I hesitate, biting my lower lip. I nervously glance at the door, hoping Landon hasn’t forgotten anything and won’t come back for it as I’m on the phone.

“Mel? How are you, darlin’?” His voice is charming, friendly, which puts me more at ease.

“Well, I’ve been better,” I admit.

“Yeah, I see your husband has been dealing with some shit lately.”

I blow out a breath. “That’s actually what I’m calling about. I know Landon wouldn’t do what that woman says he did and I need help proving it. He’s been working with lawyers and his manager, trying to get this resolved for weeks. I think he might need some extra help, but he won’t let me get involved.”

The line remains silent for a few heartbeats. “And you’re calling me for help?” Jeremy’s tone sounds steady, unsurprised at all by this call.

“Yes. Landon has told me you were in the military and you know some security personnel or private investigators. I just want someone who can look into Mindy’s background and find out what she’s hiding. I know his lawyers are probably doing that as well, but I need someone who maybe can use back channels. I can pay you. Cost is—”

“Darlin’, don’t insult me like that.” I can hear the mirth in his voice and I relax even more. He remains silent for another moment. “You know, I may know a scorpion who can help you out,” he tells me.

“A scorpion?” I am completely confused by his statement.

“Yup. Give me a day or two, and I’ll call you back with an update.”

“Thank you so much. I normally wouldn’t ask, but Landon has been through so much with this an—”

“No need to explain. You’re doing your part to stand by your man. Everyone deserves that kind of loyalty. I’ll call you within two days with more information.”

“Thanks. Bye.” After hanging up I feel a sense of relief I haven’t felt in a while. I’m not sure why, but Jeremy’s confidence helped to assure me. I then become nervous thinking about how Landon will react if he finds out I went behind his back to get Jeremy involved, but I push those fears aside. I will do whatever I need to do to help my husband.

****

Five days later and Jeremy came through on his promise. He called three days before to tell me he’d set up a meeting for me with someone named Coral, who he also referred to as Scorpion. Thankfully, it’s a Saturday and Landon had a team meeting for most of the afternoon. I told Landon I was going out to visit Gabriella at her aunt’s house and then meet up with Paulette for a late lunch. Instead, I am actually meeting this Coral woman at the Double Tree Hotel at the Standing O restaurant.

I walk into the restaurant and glance around. There are a few patrons sitting at the tables. I’m not even sure what Coral looks like. When I asked Jeremy to send me a picture or to give me a description he said she would know me.

“Just a club soda with lime, please,” I tell the male bartender, as I take a seat on one of the stools.

“Here you are,” he says, giving me a charming wink before moving on to refill another patron’s drink.

I sip from my drink and continue to glance around the restaurant, trying to see if I can identify this mystery woman. I take note of a brunette sitting alone and glancing at her watch. I wonder if that’s her, and start to get up to check when I feel someone tap me on my shoulder. I turn to stare into a pair of the most intense hazel eyes I have ever seen. It’s not the color of her eyes, but something behind them. I immediately get the sense that this is not someone you’d want to mess with.

“You must be Melody,” she says as her lips split into a small smile. This softens the intensity of her eyes just enough.

I take in her mocha skin, short tapered hair cut with the top colored auburn and the sides, dark which I presume is her natural color. She stands a few inches taller than me and most of her figure is slim, which is obvious through her plain white V-neck, black skinny jeans, and ankle boots. I raise my eyebrows in surprise when I take in the noticeable baby bump she is sporting.

“Six months,” she says, rubbing her belly.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to stare.”

She waves me off. “Don’t worry about it. Hell, most days I can hardly believe it. Anyway, I’m Coral, and you’re Melody.” She extends her hand, and I take it. “Let’s go sit down, shall we?”

I agree and fall in line with her as we find an empty table. Within seconds, a waitress is at our table filling glasses of water.

“I’m sorry, but I’m confused. Jeremy said something about a scorpion, but then he gave me your name,” I begin once the waitress leaves us with the menus.

Coral rolls her eyes. “That damn Jeremy… Scorpion is a former nickname. I don’t go by it any longer. Well, I don’t as often, now that my husband has made an honest woman out of me,” She laughs.

For some reason I feel at ease with this woman. I can tell she can be dangerous, but somehow I know she’s not a threat to me.

“So yeah, just call me Coral.”

Our waitress walks back over, stopping Coral from asking her next question. We place our orders. I ask for a turkey club and Coral orders the cauliflower soup.

“As I was about to say,” she starts again. “Jeremy told me about this situation with your husband.”

I’m shocked to hear that she knows Landon and I are married.

She nods. “Yes, I know you’re married. No, Jeremy didn’t tell me, but I have ways of finding things out. I won’t tell anyone.”

I have no idea how she was able to read me so well, but it convinces me even more that this woman is capable of handling this job.

“I’ve got the information you’re looking for,” she says right before the waitress delivers our food.

“Already?” I question. I had no idea it would be so soon. I figured she would need at least a few weeks to dig up information on Mindy and investigate what happened to Tina, the second accuser.

She nods, chewing and swallowing a spoonful of her soup. “Yup,” she says after wiping her mouth with her napkin. “I was able to work quickly on this since my husband had to come to Philly this week on business. I came with him. Of course, I damn near had to beg to get him to let me tag along. I swear this pregnancy has made him crazier than it has me.” She pauses and looks up at me.

I can’t help the smile on my face. I know Landon will be the same way once I become pregnant.

“And these damn pregnancy hormones have me over-sharing…just spilling my business to everyone,” she shakes her head.

I laugh. “My friend, Paulette, was like that too when she was pregnant. She would cry at the drop of a hat.”

Coral grunts. “Don’t even get me started on how sappy I am these days. Anyway, as I was saying, I’ve done some digging on Mindy and Tina. I have some good news and some bad news.”

My stomach drops when I hear there is bad news, but I lean in, needing to hear all of what Coral has to say. I watch as she leans over and pulls out a manila envelope from her shoulder bag.

“Okay, so let’s discuss Mindy first. This is all good news for you, at least.” She pulls out some pictures from the envelope. “This is a picture of Mindy on one of the nights she claims to have been with Landon.”

In the picture Mindy is seen walking into a hotel. I recognize it as one of the hotels Landon stayed at during an away game.

“Looks like she’s telling the truth, but the inside security cameras show she goes up to the eighth floor to visit one of the other players’ rooms. Not Landon’s.”

I sigh in relief as Coral pulls out the next image of Mindy entering the room of one of Landon’s former teammates as he holds the door open for her. He was traded at the end of last season.

“And this is a clearer picture from a camera on Mindy’s street showing the car of the chief of police parked at Mindy’s home the night she says she was attacked by Landon,” Coral says, pulling out another security image. “From this angle we can see the license plate number. The make and model are the same as your husband’s Lexus, but the license plate proves it’s not him.”

My eyes widen in shock. I can’t believe what I am seeing. “The chief of police attacked Mindy?”

Coral shakes her head. “No, they were having an affair. There are a number of other pictures of them together. But I spoke with a former friend of Mindy’s, and it turns out she had become severely angered over Landon dumping her, and then getting with you. She plotted to get him back, and when that didn’t work, she opted for revenge. She seduced the chief and then it looks like she committed these injuries to herself and pointed the finger at Landon. The chief is married and could possibly lose his job for the indiscretion so he opted to keep his mouth shut when she came forward. I have a recording of a very important conversation I had with him just last night,” she says, pushing a flash drive across the table toward me.

I pick up the device and stare at it as if it has all the power to make this issue go away. I can feel the weight of this case being lifted as Coral continues to talk.

“As far as Mindy is concerned. Her story is complete bull. You can take that to your lawyers. Next, is the not so great news.” The heaviness in her voice returns.

I place the file back on the table and direct my attention to Coral. Instinctively, I know what she has to say about Tina. “She was raped,” I whisper.

Coral silently looks at me, as if she is assessing me. “You knew.” It’s not a question, but a statement of fact.

“I watched her press conference and knew she wasn’t lying. Not about what happened. I just...knew,” I hesitate, not wanting to get into how I knew.

Coral nods. “Takes one to know one,” she states, staring directly at me.

A silent heartbeat passes between us before I nod slightly.

She blows out a breath. “I’m sorry,” she consoles. “Unfortunately, it is true. Tina was raped, but it wasn’t Landon.”

Even though I already knew this, it feels good hearing it from someone else, especially someone as confident as Coral.

“I knew that,” I stated just a confident.

Coral gives me a half smile. “We had to do some, uh, digging and were able to match the DNA of Tina’s son with one of Landon’s college teammates.”

I sit back in my chair shocked. “You got his medical records?” I question, knowing it is illegal to obtain someone’s medical records, especially a child’s.

“Don’t ask too many questions,” Coral retorts easily. “Tina’s son was fathered by a John Richardson. He played football at the University of Nebraska for three years before injuring his shoulder and being permanently sidelined. After college he went on to work in sales and marketing. He’s now marketing director at a sports company in Illinois. According to past employment records, he has a history of sexually harassing his female staff. One company was almost sued, but they made him resign. Old habits die hard. I have no doubt he’s the one who raped Tina. But I could see how she may be confused. She was apparently very drunk that night.”

I take the side-by-side images of Landon and John, Coral hands me. Right next to each other one can make out a resemblance, especially years ago when they were in college. Both were over six feet tall with dark hair and bulky builds. But that is where the resemblance ends for me, and I could never mistake John for Landon. Landon is slightly taller and more muscular, with blue eyes, while John has brown eyes. But for someone who was drunk at a college party, I could see how one would make the mix up. My own friend had to point out to me who it was that assaulted me in college, so I know how this could happen.

“Have you spoken to Tina?” I ask, wanting to know if Tina realizes this.

“Not yet, but I will. I’ll show her the evidence. She seems honest enough and she’ll likely recant her story.”

I close my eyes, letting the words I’ve wanted to hear for months now sink in. I’m so glad this is almost over. My first instinct is to pick up the phone and call Landon, but I don’t. I decide I want to play this out another way.

“I can already tell you’re going to do something with this information your husband won’t like.”

I tilt my head to the side, still trying to figure out how she is able to read me so easily. When Coral smirks at me I decide to let it go, figuring it’s just one of those things people in her line of business are known for. “He definitely won’t like what I’m thinking of doing, but he’s kept me in the dark on all this so it’ll serve his ass right,” I respond.

“That’s the spirit.” Coral laughs. “Can I tell you something?” she asks. “I studied video of Landon on the field and in interviews to get a sense of who he is when Jeremy first called. If you haven’t been able to tell, I’m pretty good at reading people.”

“That’s probably the understatement of the month,” I quip.

Coral shrugs. “Probably. Anyway, I can tell he’s a lot like my husband. Both men are at the top of their respective fields. They can charm the pants off of respectable women such as ourselves.”

I giggle as Coral motions to her baby bump for emphasis.

“But most of all, they’re protective of the people they love. My husband decided to walk away from me for years rather than put me in harm’s way. I’m guessing yours has kept you out of the loop on this case for the same reason. He didn’t want to see you hurt by any of this.”

“So you’re saying I should let go of the fact that he has kept me out of a major part of his life for months now?” I ask, my voice nearing incredulity.

“Hell no,” Coral responds immediately. “I’m not saying that. Let his ass know that shit won’t fly with you. I just wanted you to know I know where you’re coming from.”

“Tuh,” I mock teasingly. “It’s hard to believe anyone can keep anything from you.”

Coral’s smile widens, “Yeah, not many can, except him. And he’s the type that gets what he wants. There isn’t much that Liam Bennett can’t do.”

I swoon as I hear the love in her voice for her husband. Even with this woman’s tough exterior, the affection she has for her husband shines through all over her face, making her even more beautiful.

“Apparently, I can’t get my wife to be honest with me about where she’s going for lunch.” I hear a deep male voice laced with a controlled anger.

I look up behind Coral to see a pair of the greenest eyes I’ve ever seen, second after Jeremy’s. With his sandy blonde hair, tall stature, and what appears to be a nice build draped in a tailored Italian suit, I assume this must be the Liam Bennett. In fact, I know it is because I’ve seen his image on the news some months ago when his father, the former governor of Texas, made headlines for illegal activity. And now that I’m putting two and two together, I realize this is Jeremy’s cousin. The two men look very much alike although Jeremy’s hair is dark and Liam’s is light.

I move my gaze from Liam’s stern face to Coral’s. Surprisingly, she’s smirking at me. “Melody Rogers, please allow me to introduce you to my husband, Liam Bennett. Li, this is Melody,” she introduces.

Liam looks at me for the first time. “Pleasure,” he says with a nod and then returns his full attention to his wife. “You told me you’d be staying in our hotel for lunch. This isn’t our hotel, CeCe.”

“It isn’t?” Coral asks, raising an eyebrow, looking around as if bewildered.

“Cece.” Liam’s voice has a warning growl in it. I know that tone. I’ve heard it a number of times from my own husband.

Coral sighs and stands. Liam immediately extends his arm to assist her up. Coral waves his help off and rolls her eyes, but the slight curl of her lips tells me she enjoys his affection. “Well, Li, I had to meet with Mrs. Rogers here. Hey…” she pauses, looking at me “Did you know you're now married to Mr. Rogers?”

I giggle. “Yes, my students have definitely made all the Mr. Rogers jokes you can think of.”

“Good for them. Anyway,” Coral turns back to her husband whose face says he is growing more impatient by the second. “Mrs. Rogers and I needed to meet. Jeremy called the other day and needed help for his friend, Landon. So here I am.” She shrugs.

“And you just conveniently forgot to tell me?”

“No. I didn’t forget.”

Her honesty surprises me.

“I knew Mitch would tell you where I was.” Coral turns her head toward the doors and waves over her shoulder.

I see a tall, burly, dark-haired man wave back. My eyes widen as I hadn’t noticed him before, but apparently he’s been here the whole time.

“Another issue. How is he supposed to protect you if he’s way out there?” Liam questions.

Coral sighs. “I can protect my—”

“Don’t even start with that shit, especially not while you’re carrying my baby.” The tone of his voice says this is not up for further discussion.

Coral simply rolls her eyes and grumbles “Whatever.”

“All right, Mrs. Rogers, it looks like you and my wife are just about finishing up. I’ve already taken care of the bill. Do you need a ride somewhere? I can have my driver take you,” Liam offers.

I shake my head. “That’s not necessary. I drove. But thank you.”

“All right, well, we have a trip to the Adventure Aquarium, and Princess is in the car waiting with Drew,” Liam says to his wife.

“Why didn’t you say she was waiting?” Coral quickly bends down to gather her things, but is stopped by Liam, as he picks up her bag and hands it to her.

Liam shakes his head, “I get the run around, but Laura gets you to move quickly,” he teases.

“You get me to take on your last name and then you knock me up,” she quips, pointing to her belly.

Liam shrugs. “Fair enough, I guess. Mrs. Rogers it was a pleasure, but we must be going. I’ll have Mitch, escort you to your vehicle.”

I nod and stand as I marvel at the couple before me. Both clearly have very strong personalities. I wonder about the backstory on how they met and got together.

“After you, dear,” Liam motions for his wife.

Coral turns to me. “Melody, it was nice meeting you. If you need anything else, you have my card.” She nods at the envelope on the table.

“But not in the next few months. She needs to take it easy,” Liam quickly interjects. “And don’t think I won’t speak to Jeremy over this,” he adds.

I can tell by his tone he is serious. I smirk, remembering Coral’s words on how similar our husbands are.

“Thank you. Enjoy your outing,” I return. I assume the princess Liam spoke of is his daughter, Laura, who is around four years old, if I recall correctly from what I’ve read about him.

I gather my belongings and the file Coral has given me and put it in the envelope, placing both in my bag. I strut toward the door, feeling much lighter than when I walked in.

“Ma’am,” Mitch nods. “I’ll walk you to your car.”

I watch as Liam escorts Coral across the street where a little girl with blonde hair excitedly greets Coral, practically jumping into her arms. Even with her full belly, Coral swoops the little girl in her arms, carrying her to the car, as Liam rests his arms at the small of her back, supporting her. They really are a beautiful family.

“Thank you.” I nod with reverie in my voice. I suddenly can’t wait until that is Landon and me. In fact, I decide as soon as I get home I’m going to throw out my birth control pills. But first, there’s some business I need to handle, I think as I pull out my phone.





Chapter Twelve

Landon

I frown as I adjust the button on my suit jacket as I strut down the hall in my sports’ arena. Typically, I’d have Mel help me get ready when I wear suits, as I usually hate these monkey suits, and she is better than I am at tying ties, but I haven’t told her about this meeting. It turns out the team owner and a few of my sponsors are getting antsy about everything that’s coming from Mindy’s lawyers, even though my attorneys have been able to point out inconsistencies with her story. I tighten my hands into fists as I think about the fact that there is a court date set two weeks from now. There’s no damn reason I should be going to court for any of this shit.

“Landon, thanks for meeting us down here,” Michael greets me as I enter one of the huge conference rooms. Inside, sits Tim, one of the owners of my team, along with three other executives from a major athletic apparel company I have worked with for years.

“As if I had a choice,” I grunt.

“Landon, don’t be like that,” Tim begins, but stops when I glare at him. He and I have had a number of disagreements throughout my career with the Lions, but he would back down when I reminded him how much money I make for this team.

“I’m not being like anything, Tim,” I state, my tone sharp as I take my seat. “Gentlemen, in the interest of saving time, why don’t we cut the formalities and bullshit and get to why I’m here. You think I’m a rapist.”

One of the executives nearly spits his sip of water out at my bluntness.

“No, Landon. Nobody here thinks that,” Tim begins.

“So, you think I abuse women?” I look straight into Tim’s eyes as I ask that question.

In his defense, he doesn’t cower and look away under my glare. “Landon, you’ve been with this team since the start of your career, and we’ve never had any legal or other problems with you. I mean, you can be a little or a lot pushy—”

“I don’t hear you complaining about when my pushiness wins us games and Super Bowls,” I interrupt.

Tim nods. “Touché.”

“So this is about business. You think your image is harmed by being associated with me right now?” I look toward the executives at the other end of the table.

“Yes,” one of them says. “We are a public company and our image is tied to the athletes we sponsor. Until now, you have been a model athlete and client to work with. Your jerseys sell like hotcakes, even now they still do. Everyone wants to buy your signature training shoe, and your commercials are among the highest rated commercials watched on TV and Youtube. But with all that’s going on in the news lately about campus rape, especially when it comes to athletes, we just want to be careful.”

I pause as I take in everything he has to say and nod. “I can understand that. Business is business right?” The executives look relieved at my statement, as I give them a half smile.

“We’re glad you understand.”

“Oh, I understand all right. I understand you’re all full of shit.”

“Landon, wait,” Michael speaks up for the first time.

“No, let me finish, just so we can all clear the air. You,” I turn back to the executives. “Just pointed out how much money I make you selling your products and how many years we’ve been in business together with no hiccups along the road. I’ve busted my ass for more than a decade in this league without as much as a parking ticket before all of this. I don’t ask for much from others, but loyalty is high on my list. I told you all that when I was twenty-two years old, fresh out of college, number one draft pick. And for years, you had no problem showing loyalty as long as I was putting up numbers and getting you rings. Now when the shit hits the fan you want to bail?”

“Landon, no one is bailing on anyone,” Tim says.

“Good because I can tell you this, when all this shit with Mindy is over with and it is proven that I never touched her or that other woman, I will remember who stood by me. What I’ll say is this, since you all seem to need to hear it. I am not now nor have I ever been a rapist or abuser of any woman. These accusations are nothing more than an angry, jealous woman who refuses to accept that I don’t want her. I don’t make threats. I make promises, and I am promising you gentlemen that if you make any public statements siding with Mindy over me or ones that veer from the typical waiting for details to emerge statement, you will regret it. I think that’s all we needed to discuss today,” I finish looking at Michael and then at the other men in the room as I stand.

The rest of the men in the room stand as well. “Landon, we were just looking for assurances from you that this case was bogus,” Tim says, as he comes over to me.

“Well, now you have them,” I nod, unbuttoning my suit jacket. “Is there anything else?”

A unison of no’s sounds off around the room, and I head toward the door with no need to look back.

I decide to head over to the housing complex my real estate company is building, to check in with Tank and make sure business is running smoothly. I pull out my cell phone as I make my way toward the parking garage.

“Hey, baby.” Her breathless voice always manages to calm me down.

“Hey, Red. You sound out of breath. What are you doing?”

“I left the school and now I’m on my way downtown to do some shopping. I dropped the car off at home and took the train. I was coming out of the subway when you called.”

“Oh…” I nod. “Speaking of shopping, there was this red bathing suit I saw the last time we were out. You’ll need it for our next trip.”

“Landon, I already have a red bathing suit, remember?”

“How could I forget?” I ask low into the phone, thinking of the bathing suit I first spotted her in. “But you can never have too many.”

She giggles into the phone, and my heart seriously skips a beat. I shake my head at how damn lame love has made me, but in all seriousness, I don’t mind.

“What did you do today?” she asks.

“Had a meeting with Tim and some executives from Sports World,” I say as I climb into my car.

“How did it go?”

“It went,” I say, giving few details. “Now I’m heading over to the housing complex to catch up with Tank.”

“Okay. I just arrived at the store, anyway I’ll pick up some Thai on the way home for dinner. That sound good?”

“Better than good. And don’t forget the bathing suit,” I add.

She laughs. “Okay, babe. I love you.”

I’ll never get tired of hearing those words come out of her mouth. “Love you too,” I return right before hanging up. Considering all the nonsense going on in this case, I am still a very lucky man.





Chapter Thirteen

Melody

I bite my bottom lip as I hang up the phone with Landon, feeling a twinge of guilt for lying. I tell myself that what I’m doing is for my husband and push that guilt aside as I open the glass door to the spacious offices of McDaniel and Associates. I feel like I’m stepping into enemy territory when the office receptionist looks up at me from behind her desk.

“Can I help you?” she politely greets.

“Yes, I have an appointment with Evan McDaniel.”

“Your name?”

“Melody Ro…um…James. Melody James.” We still haven’t gone public about our nuptials, but Landon makes it a point every day to remind me my last name is now Rogers. And I’ve gotten most of my ID’s and financial accounts changed from James to Rogers, of course, at my husband’s insistence.

“Yup, Ms. James I see your appointment on Mr. McDaniel’s schedule. You can have a seat, and I’ll let him know you’re here.”

“Thank you.” I nod, and walk over to the water cooler for a cup of water while I wait. I opt to stand, feeling too fidgety at what I am about to do to sit. I glance around the walls at the numerous plaques and pictures of big-time celebrities. This is the first time I’ve actually been to Evan’s office, even though we dated for two years. I shake my head at what a fool I was back then. He kept me hidden from his colleagues and family while he dated and eventually married a woman who he felt better complemented his image. I’d managed to move on before I even met Landon, but meeting him just solidified that I deserved and was worth so much more. I can never repay Landon for what he has given me, and that brings me back to why I’m standing in this office right now.

“Melody,” I hear Evan’s voice behind me, and roll my eyes before I turn around to greet him. “I have to say, I wasn’t sure if you’d show up, given what happened last time you and I saw one another,” he says, pulling me into an embrace.

I keep my posture stiff, not returning the hug. “Well, you could have told me you were the firm representing the woman who is trying to ruin my fiancé,” I retort.

“Come on, Mel. You know it’s not like that. That is business, but you and I are...personal.”

At that, I do roll my eyes in his face.

“Come on back to my office where we will have more privacy.”

He attempts to wrap his arms around the small of my back, but I step aside and allow him to walk ahead of me while I follow.

“Is she coming?” I ask as soon as we enter his office.

“She’ll be here in another ten minutes. Why don’t you tell me what this is about? You said you had some information I’d want to know regarding this case?”

I nod. “Yeah, but I’d prefer if we waited until Mindy arrives.”

“Sounds fair.” He shrugs. “Why don’t you tell me how you’ve been? I know with everything happening with Landon, this can’t be easy on you.” He manages to sound sympathetic.

I frown and stare at him.

He chuckles and holds up his hands in surrender. “I’m serious, Mel. You have to know I still care deeply about you. Things just didn’t work out between us, but that doesn’t mean we can’t be friends.”

I scoff. “Friends?”

“Yes, friends. No matter what happens with this case, you and I share a history.”

I shake my head. This guy actually believes I would still want anything to do with him after all of this shows how truly arrogant he is.

“I–” I begin but am cut off by his phone ringing.

“She’s here,” Evan says, hanging up the phone.

I pace the floor in anticipation as he goes to retrieve Mindy from the outer office. I’m nervous about how all of this is going to play out. A few seconds later, Mindy comes strutting into the office ahead of Evan as he holds the door. Mindy stops short when she sees me standing in the middle of the room. We both do a once over of each other. I fully take her in from the top of her perfectly layered brunette hair, to the sleeveless dark blue shirt, and the black A-line skirt to the four inch stilettos she is wearing.

“What is she doing here?”

“Don’t worry. I’m not that happy to see you either,” I return in response to her snarky attitude.

“What’s the matter? You finally getting a good look at the woman your fiancé cheated on you with? Mad because you see your competition?” she asks smartly.

I cock my head to the side. “My competition?” I ask, raising an eyebrow. “What a funny way for a woman to describe herself in reference to the man she says attacked her.”

Her face takes on a shocked expression at my assessment, as if she knows she just messed up.

“Ladies, why don’t we take a seat?” Evan interjects, closing the door.

I smirk at Mindy before strolling over to the chair in front of his desk and sitting, but not before I pull it a few inches away from where Mindy sits. I can’t guarantee I won’t reach over and smack the mess out of her if she says something dumb.

“Melody, you said you had some information that could possibly help this case,” Evan begins as he takes his seat behind his desk.

Out of the corner of my eye, I see Mindy perk up and briefly look over at me. “Yes, I did say that. The information I have will help this case...to go away,” I finish after a pause.

“Tuh, you’re wasting your time,” Mindy derides. “What’s this? One last stitch effort to save your pathetic fiancé?”

The look I send her must make her nervous because she quickly closes her mouth and looks back at Evan.

“Melody, what is this about?” Evan inquires.

“It’s simple. Evan, this is about jealousy. This whole bullshit case was brought up because of jealousy and the fact that this woman can’t take no for an answer. The irony is she is the one claiming to be attacked.”

Mindy suddenly rises from her seat, screeching, “You work for me! You’re going to let her sit here and attack me like this?!”

“Sit down. I’ll only take another minute or so of your time,” I say calmly.

“I will tell you both something, if it’s one thing I know about Landon Rogers it’s that he would never put his hands on any woman,” I shoot Mindy a harsh glare. “I never doubted him for a minute. Not from the moment he was arrested up until now. Thankfully, I now have the proof of your lies and deceit. And how you helped,” I state, looking back at Evan so he knows this is on him too.

I hold up my hand when Evan opens his mouth to speak.

“The quieter you are the quicker we can get this over with,” I say, cutting him off. “Here I have proof of Mindy’s ongoing affair with Chief Robertson of the Philadelphia Police Department. She even met with him on a few nights she claims to have met with Landon, and on the night he supposedly attacked you. See there,” I hold out the photo in my hand of Robertson entering Mindy’s home. “That is the night you claim Landon assaulted you. He has the same make and model of Landon’s car, and a similar height and build, but that is not my Landon.” I toss that photo and others on Evan’s desk. “Here’s a copy of the sworn statement from the chief himself admitting to the affair between you two and how he covered for you in your case against Landon because he didn’t want his wife to find out about his infidelities.” I toss the paper onto Evan’s desk. “So we know your story is full of holes and an obvious, complete fabrication, but poor Tina does have the truth on her side. You made sure to verify that she was indeed raped in college,” I turn my attention to Evan now. “Except, you were wrong too. In your need to convict Landon out of spite, you blamed the wrong man.”

“I assume you have proof?” Evan cockily raises an eyebrow.

“I wouldn’t have come here if I didn’t,” I say, just as arrogant. I pull out another paper from my envelope and place it directly in front of him so he can read it. I watch his eyes widen as he realizes what the form is.

“What’s that?” Mindy questions.

“That, sweetie,” I mock. “Is the DNA test that proves Tina’s child is not Landon’s. I also have statements from witnesses that state it was a former teammate and not Landon who assaulted Tina that night. She has already been informed and recanted her story.”

“This doesn’t mean—”

“Oh, it absolutely does mean that this shit is over!” I seethe at Mindy. “You are absolutely shameless. Not only did you accuse an innocent man of attacking you, you involved an actual rape victim who didn’t know any better, but wanted some sort of justice after years of living in shame. You are truly disgusting. No wonder my husband dumped your ass a long time ago.” I glare directly at Mindy.

“Huh? Don’t you mean fiancé, honey? He may have proposed, but that doesn’t mean he’ll marry you.” She has the nerve to sound haughty.

I merely smirk. “I said it right the first time, honey,” I say as I hold up my left hand displaying both my engagement ring and gold wedding band. “Three months now. Our rings are both engraved with the infinite sign for forever.” I smile. You could hear a pin drop from the silence in the room.

“What? No congratulations?” I question, looking back and forth between Evan and Mindy who are both still staring at my hand. “I guess I can’t expect congratulations from you two, but there are some people who are here to see Mindy.” I pick up my bag, standing and stroll to the door, opening it. “Mindy, these officers here would like to explain to you that false accusations are a crime.”

“Mindy Andrews, you are under arrest…” one officer begins and it is music to my ears to hear the panic in her voice as she starts demanding to speak with her lawyer.

“At the station, ma’am,” the arresting officer says, leading her out of the office.

“And don’t think you’re off the hook.” I point at Evan. “You helped her and possibly paid off a witness. The Better Business Bureau has been contacted to look into your company’s business dealings and lawsuit papers are being drawn up as we speak for defamation. You enjoy the rest of your day.” I smile as I step out of his office. “Oh,” I say returning, remembering something. “Yeah, I don’t think that whole you-and-I-being-friends thing is going to work out.” I grin at Evan’s bewildered expression and turn to finally leave his office.

There is an obvious little bounce in my step as I push through the heavy doors of the outer office and make my way to the elevators. I have one last confrontation of the day before I can go home.

****

Landon

“Michael, what is this about?” I grunt as I enter his office, but pull up short when I notice Melody sitting in the chair in front of his desk. “Mel, are you all right?” I ask as I take two steps to make it to her. She gives me that smile that always has an effect on me.

“I am now,” she says as she stands and tilts her head, turning her lips up toward me.

I don’t hesitate to lean down and kiss her lips. I have to force myself not to get lost in those soft pillows she calls lips, and I pull back. “What are you doing here?”

“I can help explain that. Why don’t you have a seat, Landon,” Tony interrupts from behind me, entering the office. All three of the faces in the room hold a smile as if they know something I don’t. I hate that, and what’s more, I hate to think my lawyer and manager have dragged my wife into anything involving this fucking case.

“I’ll stand,” I return, giving Tony and Michael, a dark look.

“Landon,” Mel calls me, reaching for my hand.

She knows I’m about ten seconds away from losing my cool. Of course her hand in mine has the desired effect and my mood lightens, but just slightly.

“Explain,” I demand, looking between Tony and Michael.

They pause, looking between each other before turning fully to me. “Landon, it’s over,” Tony says.

I immediately know he’s talking about the case, but I’m confused. “Just like that?”

“Well, not just like that. Someone did a lot of digging on your behalf and found out Mindy’s story was fabricated. She was involved in an affair with the chief of police, who will be turning in his resignation tomorrow morning. And of course without a story, the threat of charges have been dropped as well as the request for DNA. A separate DNA test confirmed you are not the father of Tina’s son,” Michael informs me.

I stare between Michael and Tony and can feel the weight of this case releasing me. I take my first deep breath in months. “Wait, who did all this digging?” I ask.

“Your wife.” Michael nods at Melody and my heart drops.

“What?!” I turn back to her.

“In my defense,” she begins, holding up her hands. “I didn’t personally do the digging. I had a lot of help from a scorpion.”

“What the hell are you talking about?” As far as I’m concerned she is not making any sense right now, and I’m becoming pissed thinking that she has been out investigating shit without my knowledge. “Get out,” I say to Michael and Tony. I hear them both sigh before heading out. I don’t care that this is the second time I’ve kicked Michael out of his own office. When I hear the door close, I unclench my jaw and begin to light into my wife “Mel, listen—”

“No, you listen,” she retorts.

My head snaps back in shock at the fierceness in her voice.

She begins poking me in the chest with her perfectly manicured finger. “I am your wife. Not your girlfriend. Not someone you had a one night stand with. As your wife, whatever happens to you happens to me. That means, whatever is going on in your life, is happening in my life. You don’t get to keep me out of the loop. Ever. I don’t care if it’s just a damn hangnail or some tramp falsely accusing you of attacking her, you don’t carry it all by yourself anymore. You trust your team on the field to run the right plays and catch your passes, now trust me as your teammate off the field. I won’t fumble where it counts.”

Goddamn. I can feel my cock stirring in my suit pants from how she just put me in my place. I cock my head to the side, staring at her. “Did you just use a football analogy for our relationship?” I growl low, stepping closer to her and wrapping my arm around her waist.

“I think I did. You’re rubbing off on me.” She giggles.

“I will definitely be rubbing something off on you. I should bend you over this desk right now. In fact—”

“Landon,” she gasps, pulling back from me as I attempt to spin her around and bend her over the desk. “We can’t do this in Michael’s office. Besides, you haven’t responded to what I said. We’re a team, right? No more keeping me out of the loop?”

The fierce look is in those bright brown eyes again and again. I feel my cock jump in my pants at how damn beautiful she is when she gets like this. But mostly, I feel cared for and loved. I pull her into me and lower my forehead to meet hers. “Yes, Red. You and me, we’re a team. I won’t shut you out again. That goddamn Tony was right,” I groan, hating to admit it to myself.

“About what?” Mel asks.

“He said something about my wife eventually putting me in my place or some shit. I don’t really remember,” I lie.

Mel gives me a knowing look, and I can’t hold back the smile I’ve been fighting.

“He’s a smart man.”

“I’ll show you smart,” I growl and lower my head to press kisses into the column of her neck. Those kisses turn into bites as I think about how I’m going to punish her for defying me later on tonight. Make no mistake, I appreciate my wife taking care of me and being as protective of me as I am of her, but she’ll still receive punishment for going behind my back.

“Mmmm, Landon,” she moans. “W-we, um, can’t do this here.”

“Who’s going to stop me?” I say just as the damn office door opens.

“Landon, we—” Michael starts, coming to an abrupt halt when he sees Mel and me.

I grunt and sigh as I pull back from my wife. She lowers her head into my chest, embarrassed. I smile at how damn cute she is.

“We’re leaving,” I say without even looking at Michael or Tony. “My wife still has some explaining to do, and we’ll be tied up with that for a while.”

Melody’s head pops up from my chest, eyes wide, as she catches the warning in my tone and the meaning behind my words.

“I assume you’ve already drawn up the paperwork for the lawsuit against Mindy and McDaniel and Associates?” I finally turn from my wife to ask Tony.

“Already in progress.” He nods.

“Good. We’ll discuss it more later on in the week. Also, let's set up a press conference for about two weeks from now,” I tell Michael.

“What about?”

“I’ll let you know,” I tell him, before grabbing my wife and ushering her out of the room.





Chapter Thirteen

Landon

“Stop pacing,” I tell my anxious wife as I look over at her. She is dressed in a sleeveless, light red sheath dress, at my insistence, of course, that stops just above her knee, paired with respectable three inch heels. The long twists she insisted on getting in preparation for our trip, are pulled up into a high bun, which shows off her beautifully sculpted face even more. She looks good enough to eat for the second time today.

“Stop giving me that look,” she admonishes in a whisper.

“Red, I’ll always give you this look. I don’t give a shit who’s around,” I say out loud, unbothered by the cameraman and crew shuffling about around us.

“What am I going to do with you?” she asks, grinning at me.

“Well, that thing you did with your tongue this morning was kinda nice. You can try doing that with me again.”

“Oh my God!” she covers her mouth and giggles. “You are impossible.”

“Me?” I ask innocently.

“Yes, you. You do realize we’re going on air in about,” she, pauses looking at her watch, “two minutes right?”

“Yup, I remember. And I remember it’s for a very worthy cause. We’ll be fine.” I wasn’t worried about the press conference we were about to give. It’d been two weeks since Mindy’s charges were dropped. We’d filed a lawsuit against her and Evan’s company for defamation, while Mindy was now fighting criminal charges of her own. According to Tony, she could face up to a year in prison for her false accusations. Of course, I was having Tony push the prosecutor into throwing the book at her. Not just for me, but for the stress she’d caused my wife and the fact that she had dragged an actual rape victim into her bullshit. I’d since spoken with Tina who I harbor no ill feelings toward. She apologized and even went public to say she was wrong and apologized for it. In return, I found that scumbag former teammate of mine and had a friend inform him of the DNA results, and make him start paying child support for the child he’d created. Tina, for obvious reasons, doesn’t want him a part of her son’s life, but he will be made to help her out financially as she is a struggling single mother, who dropped out of college after her attack. I also made him pay for her therapy, so hopefully she can find some healing in all this mess.

And then there’s Mel. She’s the real reason I’m doing this press conference. I can’t go back and change what happened to her in college, but I can damn sure make sure she is protected now and do my best to help prevent it from happening to other women. Also, I’ve spoken to Jeremy to help look for the basketball player who hurt her. I’ve already called Lina asking for information, and not surprisingly, she was more than willing to tell me the name of the son of a bitch. While the scorpion Mel used to help me was out of commission, she was more than willing to pass me the information of her business partner, Quincy, who is now hunting down the bastard, who, last anyone heard, was playing overseas. I plan on making a personal visit to him once he’s located.

“Hey, you remember the last time you and I were at a press conference together?” I ask, turning my attention back to the present moment.

She smiles reverently, displaying those pearly white teeth. “If I recall the only other press conference we’ve done together, sort of, is when you asked me to marry you.”

I nod.

“God, that seems like such a long time ago, but it was only a few months back,” she says.

“And you’re officially mine.”

She sighs. “I’ve always been yours.”

“And always will be?” I ask.

“Forever,” she says, turning her lips up to me.

I meet her lips with mine.

“Stop that! You’re going to mess up her makeup!” Michael’s assistant squeals from behind us.

I lift my head to glare at her. “Don’t ever tell me what to do with my wife.”

The assistant’s eyes widen as she takes a step back.

“Landon, stop,” Melody admonishes. “Sorry, Amy.”

I simply grunt as Mel wipes her lip gloss from my lips. She quickly reapplies another coat to her lips before handing Amy her bag to hold. We take our positions behind the table where microphones have been placed. Mel blinks from the camera flashes, and I put my arm around the small of her back, comforting her. Seconds later I feel her relax into me.

“We’re on in 5…4...3...2…”

Seconds later, the lead reporter is talking about Mindy’s false accusations and how she was found out.

“So, Landon, tell us why you’re here today.”

“Well, as you all know it’s been a long few months for my family and me, mired by false accusations. I’ve felt the shame that comes along with people looking at you like you’re a monster. But I’ve come to realize that is nothing compared to what actual victims of assault endure.” I look down at Mel, whose eyes are filled with love and admiration for me. This spurs me on. “I believe we all experience things for a reason. And this issue has taught me that sexual violence and abuse is all too common in our society. Unfortunately, there are many who will use their size, strength, or another’s weakness to abuse, and it can happen to anyone. Even those we love the most.” I squeeze Mel’s hand firmly, attempting to stave off my anger when I think about what happened to her. “For this reason, my wife and I have decided to partner with the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, more commonly referred to as RAINN. We aim to spread the message of rape and abuse prevention. We have made our first donation of a million dollars and we’ll ensure that our money goes directly to working on college campuses around the country to teach consent and how to reduce sexual assaults.”

“Landon!? Landon, did you say your wife?!” the reporters begin asking.

I hold up my left hand—the one with my wedding band prominently displayed—to silence them. “We won’t be taking any questions right now. Thank you. As I was saying, I have spoken with the directors of RAINN, and we are all in agreement that some serious efforts need to be made when it comes to teaching consent and what it means to respect others’ boundaries, particularly when there is alcohol or other substances involved. As an athlete, I believe this is even more important as unfortunately, many athletes become involved in sexual assault and rape. I am disgusted to know that I was ever teammates with someone who could commit such a heinous act, and I was even more horrified to learn that people I love could be affected by this type of trauma. For this reason, I am challenging my current teammates as well as professional athletes, in and outside the NFL, to do their part in speaking out against this form of violence. I will continue to do mine. Thank you.”

I nod toward the audience and look toward Mel, raising our clasped hands to my mouth to kiss hers. “Did you want to add anything?” I ask her.

She smiles up at me and I wipe away the one tear that falls from her eye. The cameras go crazy capturing that moment, but she shakes her head, letting me know that I’ve spoken for her.

“You said everything perfectly.”

I lean down just as she lifts her head and our lips meet in a tender kiss. When we pull back from the kiss, she wipes my lips free of her lip gloss, forgetting the cameras are there.

I hear a chorus of sighs and awwws around the room. I take a few more minutes to answer questions about our donation and how it will play out. I have become well-versed in rape stats on college campuses across the country, and recite these numbers to reporters. I finally confirm that Mel and I are indeed married. Michael has already prepared a statement and photo of us on our wedding day to release to the public after the press conference.

“Now if you’ll excuse us, we have a graduation ceremony to attend. My manager will release a statement later on today. Thank you,” I say to the audience and then stand to pull out Mel’s chair before escorting her out of the room.

“Walter, is the car ready?” I ask, not even looking behind me because I know he’s right there following us.

“Yup. It’s parked right out back with the engine going, just as you specified.”

“Walter, you deserve a raise,” Mel quips, glancing over her shoulder.

“That would be nice.” He laughs.

I simply grunt, not saying anything.

“I’ll work on the big guy for you,” she tells Walter, winking at him.

“The only big guy you better be working on is me,” I retort as we reach the car. I assist Mel into the car, holding the door open for her.

She leans over, grabbing my face. “Who else would I mean, handsome?” She presses her lips to mine for a quick kiss.

I close her door and look over at Walter. “Ten percent increase through the end of the year. Then you’ll receive another ten percent starting in January.”

His eyes widen. “I’ll take it. Thank you, Landon.” He attempts to maintain his professionalism.

“Don’t thank me. Thank my wife. On second thought, don’t say shit to my wife. She’s too nice and you’d probably convince her you deserve a fifty percent raise.”

“And you know he can’t say no to me,” Mel yells from the lowered window.

I simply grunt again, not wanting to admit out loud how right she is. I jog around to the other side of the car and get in.

“You ready, Red?”

She nods vigorously. “I’m so excited for this day. Let's go.”

With that, I pull off to make sure we make it on time.

****

“Come on, Mel. We’re gonna miss our flight!” I yell up the stairs to my wife. It’s nearing eight o’clock, and we still have to make it to the airport for our nine-thirty flight.

“How are we going to miss our flight when it’s a private jet? They can’t leave without us. We’re the only passengers,” she returns.

I clench my jaw at the truth of her statement. “Well, it’s a long flight, and I don’t want to delay it more than necessary.”

“Ugh, okay, okay,” she groans as she comes down the stairs, changed in red shorts, and a white V-neck, with a pair of high platform sandals.

I lick my lips as I let my eyes run over her body and take in her smooth legs, thick thighs and full hips that curve into her belly, up to her full breasts and up to her beautiful face.

“Babe, didn’t Gabriella look so pretty in her cap and gown? And wasn’t her speech great? She’s so young, but I know she’s going to go on to do great things. She says she wants to get her PhD in psychology like me,” she gushes, as she puts on her earrings in the downstairs mirror, oblivious to my staring.

Now her back is to me and my hands have a mind of their own as they reach out and cup each side of her round behind.

She glances up at me through the mirror and smiles.

“What were you saying?” I lean down and press a kiss to the back of her neck.

“I-I was talking about Gabriella. Wasn’t her speech wonderful?”

“Hmmhm,” I reply, still pressing kisses to her neck, but then I pull back. “What took you so long up there? All your bags are down here,” I say, gesturing to the mountain of luggage sitting in our living room.

“I was looking for my birth control pills. I can’t find them.”

I stiffen behind her, staring at her eyes in the mirror. “What do you need them for?”

“You threw them out, didn’t you?” she turns and asks, accusingly.

“I sure did. We’re married and that damn case is over. We’ve got babies to make.”

She laughs, shaking her head. “You could have asked me first.”

I shrug. “But I didn’t.”

She sighs. “What am I going to do with you?”

When I go to suggest the same thing I did the last time she asked this question, she covers my mouth with her finger. “I already know what your suggestion is. I was looking for the pills to throw out. I haven’t been taking them for the last two weeks anyway. And the next three weeks may be a nice time to try and conceive.” She wiggles her eyebrows at me.

We’re finally taking our honeymoon where we will spend the next two weeks in Tanzania before traveling to Zanzibar for the remainder of our stay. I’ve been granted special permission from my team’s owner to take a little more time off, so I’ll miss the first week or so of training camp this summer. Given everything that has happened this off season, the owners were okay with me taking a little additional time off before training camp to relax.

“As many of my little linebackers I’ve shot into you in the last two weeks, you’re probably already pregnant.”

She gives me that cute little frown when she thinks I’m being too vile. It’s a frown of admonishment, but I can also tell she likes it. “You’re so romantic,” she says, frowning.

“You love it,” I cockily state.

She sighs and wraps her arms around my neck. “I do.”

“For how long?”

“Forever,” she breathlessly admits as I lower my head into the crook of her neck.

“I think right now may be a good time to make sure my linemen have a chance to do their job,” I growl as I press Mel into the wall behind us and unbutton her shorts.

“Babe, our flight…” she reminds me, at the same time her fingers make their way to the button of my jeans.

I smirk. “It’ll wait for us. Open your legs,” I command as I push her shorts down and off.

She doesn’t hesitate to wrap her legs around my waist, and when my stiff cock finds entry into her warm womb, we both groan in pleasure. I spend the next twenty minutes filling my wife up with my seed, ensuring our bond of forever.





The End



Click HERE to join Tiffany Patterson on Facebook!



If you would like to receive text messages alerts when new Interracial and BWWM romances are released, text the keyword “femistry” to 25827!



Jessica Watkins Presents is currently accepting submissions for the following genres: Multicultural/Interracial Romance, BWWM Romance, and Paranormal Romance. If you are interested in becoming a best selling author and have a complete manuscript, send the genre, word count, a synopsis and the first three chapters to jwp.submissions@gmail.com!





