ALL MY TOMORROWS


Disenchanted with the politics of working in an upscale Washington, D.C. restaurant, chef Lydia Lord resigns from her job and returns home to Baltimore. When Lydia volunteers to be a chef at a summer camp, her life takes an unexpected turn—into the arms of former football star Kennedy Fletcher. Soon their evening walks turn into passion-filled nights. But what happens when one of them believes their relationship is just a sizzling summer fling?

Originally Published in 2005





All My Tomorrows


Rochelle Alers





CONTENTS



Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty-one

Chapter Twenty-two

Chapter Twenty-three

Epilogue





CHAPTER ONE



Lydia Lord touched a button on the dashboard of her late-model Nissan Pathfinder, turning off the air-conditioning. Reaching over, she pressed another button, then lowered the driver’s-side window.

She’d left Baltimore’s hot, hazy, humid weather behind miles ago. The cooler, pine-scented air, the steep incline of the winding road, and the massive pine and birch trees growing closely together as if forming a natural fortress against intruders were constant reminders that she was now in the Appalachian Mountain region.

She had signed on to cook for one hundred boys and girls and the counselors and staff of Camp Six Nations for the next eight weeks. The sleepaway camp, east of West Virginia and south of Pennsylvania, was a far cry from Kinkeads, the popular high-end restaurant in Washington, D.C. But on the other hand, Lydia looked forward to the experience with the same anticipation of a young child on Christmas morning.

Camp Six Nations was far away from D.C. and Justin Banks, and the next two months would provide enough time for her to adjust to life without him and her prestigious position at the restaurant, where she had been passed over not once but twice for a promotion she believed she’d rightfully deserved.

After discussing her first professional setback with her sister-in-law, master chef Victoria Jones-Lord, Lydia sensed ambition was getting the better of her and clouding her judgment. However, after the second time she knew it was a game—one best played out in the nation’s capital. She had had enough of the “politricks.” A month later she tendered her resignation. The first morning she woke up realizing she did not have a job to go to was the morning she decided it was time she worked for herself.

* * *

She decelerated, maneuvering the SUV on the paved road along a lake; painted wooden stakes bearing Native American symbols and the number of miles to the campsite were positioned every quarter of a mile. Within minutes her drive ended as she slowed and stopped at a clearing. Glancing at printed directions taped to the dashboard, Lydia bore right, following the signs for staff housing and camp parking.

She pulled into a space between a gleaming black Range Rover and a minivan, parked, and cut off the engine. She had less than an hour to settle into her cabin before meeting with other staff members for an orientation session.

Alighting, she opened the hatch and grasped the handles of a large duffel bag and hoisted the strap over her shoulder. Her body sagged under the weight as she climbed a wooden stairway to a clearing where a large two-story house sat on a hill overlooking the lake. Two smaller cabins with screened-in porches were erected nearby under a copse of towering pine trees.

“Let me get that for you.”

Lydia went completely still before a slight tremor swept over her. She was as entranced by the velvety masculine voice as she was from the intoxicating scent of an unfamiliar men’s cologne floating around her. Shifting slightly, she stared at a pair of broad shoulders straining against the fabric of a navy blue cotton golf shirt. She knew the man was tall, very, very tall, because there weren’t that many men she had to tilt her head and lean back to look up at. At five eight and a half she was taller than the average woman.

“Why, thank you,” she said, smiling, letting the strap slide off her shoulder.

Her father had helped her load her SUV with enough clothes, books, and personal items for the summer. Moving back, she glimpsed the profile of the man assisting her. A baseball cap bearing the camp’s name covered his head, a pair of sunglasses was perched on the bridge of his prominent nose, and faded jeans clung to his slim hips and long legs like a second skin.

There was something about his strong brown jaw that was vaguely familiar, and she knew if she saw all of his face she would then be able to recall where she’d seen him.

“My pleasure.”

Where have I heard that voice before? she mused, staring at the flexing muscles in the man’s upper arms as he deftly hoisted the bag as if it were a five-pound sack of potatoes. His voice was musical, melodious. The timbre reminded her of the low, soothing notes from a muted trombone.

Quickening her step, Lydia mounted the porch to the cabin she’d been assigned, opening the door. The man brushed past her as he walked into the cabin, leaving the subtle, sensual, masculine scent trailing behind him.

She had gone to a sleepaway camp during her preteen years, and although she’d learned to swim, exceled in arts and crafts, and gotten along well with her camp mates, what she remembered most were the smells: wet bathing suits, grass, mildewed clothes, and the occasional unwashed camper who refused to comply with the rule of a daily shower.

This time she would not have to share her living quarters or shower with eight or ten other girls. The responsibility of planning meals for one hundred campers, twenty counselors, and an administrative staff of twelve afforded her private housing.

She walked into a cabin that was no larger than her first studio apartment. A double bed in an alcove took up more than half the space. The floor plan in her orientation packet indicated a bathroom with a sink, a commode and shower, and a utility kitchen.

The man who had appointed himself her baggage handler turned and stared at her from behind his dark lenses after placing her luggage on the floor in front of a pair of sliding doors.

“How many more bags do you have?”

Lydia went completely still when she saw the hint of a smile curving the corners of his mouth upward. “Why would you think I have more bags?”

His smile curved into a full grin as he displayed a mouth filled with perfectly aligned large white teeth. Her stomach muscles contracted and her eyelids fluttered. There was something about the sexy smile that was so familiar she wanted to scream, Who are you?

“You’re a woman and that bag certainly isn’t heavy enough to hold all of the gadgets and doodads you’d need for eight weeks.”

What was he talking about? The bag had to weigh at least twenty-five pounds, while the other one was even heavier. Resting her hands on slim hips, she tilted her chin.

“Do I detect a hint of sexism in that remark, Mr.…” Her words trailed off. She didn’t even know his name.

He crossed his arms over his chest and rocked back on the heels of his hiking boots in what she could only interpret as a challenging gesture.

“Ken,” he supplied.

Affecting a similar pose, Lydia stared up at him. “It’s Mr. Ken?”

His smile faded. “No. It’s Kennedy Fletcher, but most people call me Ken.”

Realization rocked her. “Kennedy Fletcher,” she whispered softly.

His striking good looks and magnificent body had most women gasping whenever his image appeared on the television screen. She had once openly referred to him as an African god. The remark elicited strange stares from her six brothers before they teased her mercilessly about turning into a groupie.

The man standing less than five feet away was the elusive former running back for the Baltimore Ravens. Known in the world of sports as the “Juggernaut,” Kennedy Fletcher had retired from professional football at the height of his career. Sportscasters could not stop talking about the former rookie and defensive player of the year who had walked away from his career at a time when he’d become the highest-paid player in the game with endorsements that far exceeded his seven-figure salary. Rumors abounded about gambling losses, substance abuse, and an unsubstantiated paternity suit with a high-fashion model.

Her lush mouth softened as she offered him a smile. “Well, you do live and breathe.”

Kennedy stared at the tall, slim figure in a pair of body-hugging jeans, a crisp white man-tailored shirt, and low-heeled black leather boots. Her flawless gold-brown complexion, shoulder-length hair pulled into a ponytail, and casual attire afforded her an overall look that was an alluring combination of exotic and classic.

Lowering his arms, he splayed his fingers on his waist, smiling. “And I hope to live and breathe for a long time, Miss…”

Lydia closed the distance between them, extending her right hand. “Lydia Lord, chef,” she said.

Kennedy wanted to tell Lydia he knew who she was. He shook her hand, finding it cool and soft to the touch.

“My pleasure, Lydia. I’m the sports director.”

Her expression stilled and grew serious. Maybe it was just a figure of speech, but it was the second time Kennedy said, “My pleasure.” What she wanted to remind him of was that she was not at Camp Six Nations for his pleasure. There had been a time when she had been available for a man’s pleasure. After she ended that relationship she’d promised herself it would never happen again—and it hadn’t.

She eased her fingers from his firm grip. “It’s nice meeting you.”

Kennedy’s penetrating gaze was fixed on Lydia’s slender face. He wanted to remove his sunglasses to see the exact shade of her large eyes. As it was he had the advantage of staring openly at her.

“Do you have more stuff to bring in from your car?” There was a hint of laughter in his soothing voice.

Lydia raised her chin and flashed a facetious smile. “Yes. I do happen to have another bag.”

Kennedy successfully bit back a grin, extending his hand. “Give me your key and I’ll bring it in.”

Reaching into the back pocket of her jeans, she dropped a key in his palm. “It’s the silver Pathfinder.”

She stared at his retreating back, then turned to survey what was to become her living quarters for the next two months. The cabin was half the size of her one-bedroom Silver Spring, Maryland condo, but it would do for the next eight weeks. In addition to the bed, there was a chest of drawers, a chair that matched one on the porch, and a small round table. The kitchen had a microwave, a two-burner stove, and a built-in cupboard. She counted the number of electrical outlets. There were four.

She hadn’t planned to work the summer, but when her brother’s best friend, Ethan Bennington, asked if she would supervise the kitchen staff at a sleepaway camp for economically disadvantaged boys and girls from the Baltimore/D.C. area, she hadn’t hesitated.

She’d accepted the position, then decided to forgo a salary when told that it was the camp’s inaugural season. Her decision to become a volunteer affected the fate of the last two wait-listed campers. Instead of spending their summer vacation playing on sidewalks or getting into trouble they would be given the opportunity to interact with other children in an environment that could possibly change their young lives forever.

Kennedy returned with a matching duffel bag slung over one shoulder and a small canvas case in his right hand to find Lydia sitting on a straight-back chair on the porch. He had removed his glasses and when his gaze met and fused with hers he felt as if a three-hundred-pound defensive linebacker had tackled him, knocking the air from his lungs.

Her eyes were beautiful. Framed by long, thick lashes, they were a peculiar shade of a burnished gold with dark brown centers that reminded him of shimmering liquid citrines. She rose to her feet and the soft fragrance of her perfume wafted into his nostrils.

He swallowed to relieve his constricted throat. “I’ll take these inside for you.”

Lydia nodded. “Thank you very much.”

Kennedy gave her a sidelong glance as he walked into her cabin. He could’ve bitten off his tongue seconds after he’d uttered his sexist remark about her packing more than she would need for her stay. He did not want Lydia Lord to think of him as a misogynist.

During college and the years he’d played pro ball, he had always kept his private life very, very private, which had added to the mystique regarding his association with the opposite sex.

There were rumors as to his sexual preferences, but those remained unfounded rumors. He’d made it a practice to select women who were content to remain out of the spotlight, not flaunting their status as Ken Fletcher’s girlfriend.

“Would you like a quick tour of the campgrounds before the staff gathers for orientation?” he asked, once he joined Lydia on the porch.

She glanced at her watch. It was now 1:20. Staff orientation had been set for 2:00. “Sure.” Lydia knew she could not realistically unpack and put everything away in forty minutes.

Kennedy led her off the porch and across a grassy meadow. He pointed at the large two-story structure. “The camp directors, physician’s assistant, and social workers will live in what is referred to as the main house. There are four larger cabins on the east side of the main house for the rest of the administrative staff.”

“Where are you staying?”

“In the cabin next to yours.”

Lydia stared straight ahead. “So, you’re going to be my neighbor.”

Kennedy chuckled softly. “No,” he countered, “you’re going to be my neighbor. After all, I moved in first.”

Turning her head, she met his amused stare. “When did you move in?”

“Three days ago.”

“Why so early?”

“Roger and Grace Evans decided it would be best that I inspect the play areas and sports equipment before the campers arrive.”

Lydia nodded. She had met with the middle-aged couple for an interview; in a subsequent meeting a week later she signed papers authorizing a background investigation as mandated by the state’s department of child protective services.

“Is that the alarm clock?” She pointed to a large bell perched atop a pole rising more than thirty feet in the air.

Kennedy chuckled again. “Yes.”

“I’m willing to bet that someone will climb the pole and remove the clapper before the end of the season.”

He stopped, reached out, and caught her forearm. “Do you realize how high that pole is?”

She nodded. “I’m still willing to bet that someone will climb it.”

“What are you willing to bet?”

Vertical lines appeared between Lydia’s eyes. “I only said bet as a figure of speech.”

Kennedy dropped his hand, took a step, bringing them only inches apart, and within seconds Lydia felt light-headed. It was the first time in twenty-seven years that she found herself besieged by an overwhelming, tangible masculinity. She’d grown up with a lot of brothers—six, to be exact—and although they were the quintessential alpha males they always treated her as their equal.

She’d never been drawn to athletes, viewing them as pompous, arrogant, and manipulative. But she was aware that the Ravens had selected Kennedy in a first-round draft, offering the Olympic-gold-medal sprinter a contract that gave him instant multimillionaire status.

His penetrating eyes crinkled in a smile. “Are you that certain a camper will try to climb the pole and remove the clapper?”

“Very certain,” Lydia countered. The two words were filled with a note of defiance, as well as a subtle challenge.

She was confident some camper would make the attempt, because it had happened every year she went to sleepaway camp. Once she’d turned thirteen she had been the one to shimmy up the pole and remove the clapper. She’d earned the distinction of being the only girl in camp history to successfully achieve the feat at that time.

“Okay,” Kennedy drawled, his gaze lowering along with his mellifluous voice. “If no one removes the clapper before the end of the season, then you’ll have to wine and dine me at a restaurant of my choice.”

Lydia stared up at the man with the chiseled features and magnificent body. A slight frown marred her smooth forehead. “I don’t date athletes.”

He cocked his head at an angle. “Who said it would be a date? And, for your information,” he added quickly, “I am not an athlete.” He was a former athlete and now the owner of Camp Six Nations. But, on second thought, he wouldn’t mind dating Lydia Lord, wondering how long it would take to make her see that there was no reason to take life so seriously.

Heat searing her face, Lydia prayed for the earth to open up and swallow her whole. Why, because he’d mentioned their dining together, did she liken it to a date?

“And if it is removed,” she countered smoothly, “then I’ll expect the same.”

Kennedy nodded. He extended his hand. “You’ve got yourself a bet.”

She placed her hand on his broad palm, his fingers closing over hers; but once she attempted to withdraw her fingers she found herself captive. Her eyes narrowed as she boldly met his gaze.

“Please let go of my hand, Kennedy.”

He eased his grip, but instead of releasing her hand he tucked it into the bend of his elbow. “That building over there is the barn where everyone will gather for meetings,” he continued smoothly.

Lydia knew she was no match for Kennedy’s superior strength, so she relaxed her fingers. A sense of calm settled over her and she resisted an urge to lean against him.

She found herself swept up in the bucolic landscape as Kennedy identified the many buildings that made up Camp Six Nations: the playhouse, the arts and crafts hogan, the chapel, the infirmary, and the dining hall. Several buildings close to the lake were filled with life jackets, canoes, kayaks, and several motorboats that would be used for water skiing. A baseball diamond, basketball and tennis courts, and a soccer field were set up in an area three hundred feet from the camper cabins.

“Do you want to see inside the dining hall?”

Lydia glanced at her watch. It was now 1:50. “Do we have time?” She was fanatical about being punctual.

“Yes. The meeting is scheduled for two, but Roger is allowing extra time for latecomers. Even with printed directions this place is not that easy to find.”

“It is out of the way,” she concurred. If she had made a wrong turn, she would’ve wound up in Pennsylvania.

Kennedy affected a mysterious grin. “Don’t you want to see your kitchen?”

Returning his sexy smile with one that silently shouted blatant sensuality, Lydia said, “Lead the way.”

She followed Kennedy into a space filled with tables, benches, and cafeteria-style counters. Gleaming stainless steel waste receptacles were positioned in every corner. He flipped a switch and tracks of overhead lights flooded the building in brilliant illumination.

As Kennedy stared at her, Lydia made her way through a pair of swinging doors. She hadn’t realized how fast her heart was beating until she felt the warmth of another body close to hers. The pristine state-of-the-art kitchen contained industrial ovens, grills, a walk-in refrigerator/freezer, a dishwasher, and gleaming pots, pans, and utensils.

“What do you think?”

She shivered as his moist breath feathered over her ear. He’d come up behind her without making a sound. “It’s incredible.”

And it was. The kitchen rivaled any in some of the world’s finest hotels, restaurants, and culinary schools.

“You approve?”

Shifting, she smiled up at Kennedy and gloried briefly in the shared moment. “It’s more than I expected.”

Kennedy wanted to tell Lydia she was more than he had expected. Roger and Grace had shared her curriculum vitae with him. A single glance confirmed that Lydia Lord was overqualified. However, Grace alleviated his concern once she told him that Lydia’s plans included setting up her own business and that she would volunteer her services to the camp as her way of giving back to the children in Baltimore and D.C. neighborhoods.

It had been nearly four years, but she was the first woman whom he thought enough of to want to know more about—much more than he had gleaned from her personnel file.

He stared at the wall clock at the far end of the kitchen. “I think we’d better start back.”

Lydia knew Kennedy was right, and it was with great reluctance that she walked out of the building where she would have the final word on what would be prepared. Her imagination was operating at warp speed when she thought of the dishes she planned to offer.





CHAPTER TWO



Lydia and Kennedy walked through an expansive entryway and into another room, encountering curious stares from a group of men and women sitting around a large round table.

Roger Evans stood up, adjusted a pair of round black wire-rimmed glasses on the bridge of his nose. “Now we can begin.”

Lydia elbowed Kennedy in the ribs. “We are late,” she hissed between her teeth.

Smiling, he cupped her elbow and led her to the last two remaining chairs. “Relax, darling, it’s not as if they can start without us.” His da-ha-lin’ came in three syllables instead of two. Whenever he was completely relaxed, his speech pattern reverted to the slow deep-southern drawl he’d grown up with in his hometown of Smoky Junction, Alabama.

Lydia wanted to tell him she wasn’t his darling and that she did not like being late. Forcing a smile and nodding at the others seated around the table, she let Kennedy seat her. She sucked in her breath as his shoulder brushed hers when he reached up and removed his baseball cap. Stubbles of dark hair dotted his well-shaped head. It was obvious he’d recently shaved his scalp.

A serving table against a wall groaned under enormous platters of sliced fresh fruit, vegetables, bread, condiments, chicken cutlets, thinly sliced roast beef, ham, turkey, bowls of potato, and macaroni and three-bean salads.

Roger, a bespectacled Jimi Hendrix look-alike, sat down and nodded to his wife. They were definitely throwbacks to the seventies. Grace exemplified the quintessential flower child with her waist-length straight salt-and-pepper hair, pale face, colorful beaded necklace, ankle-length skirt, and tie-dyed T-shirt.

Her laser-blue eyes crinkled in a friendly smile. “Because of the lateness of the hour I suggest we eat while discussing business.”

Kennedy leaned closer to Lydia. “Will you forgive me if I fix you a plate?”

The intoxicatingly sensual fragrance of his body swept over her. Did he not know how potent he was? He should’ve been labeled X-rated, hazardous material, and highly contagious. She wasn’t an ingénue when it came to the opposite sex, but there was something about the ex-ballplayer that disturbed her more than she wanted to be.

Lydia wasn’t looking for someone to replace Justin. All she wanted to do was spend the summer testing the limits of her culinary creativity, and at the end of eight weeks she would know whether she would be ready to go into business for herself.

She wanted to open a restaurant on the lower level of an office building in downtown Baltimore not far from the Inner Harbor. After mulling over a name in her head for several weeks, she decided she would call it Lady Day in honor of Baltimore native Eleanora Fagan who later achieved fame as Billie Holiday.

Shifting on her chair, she met Kennedy’s stare. His high cheekbones, chiseled jaw, and firm upper and lower lip were so undeniably masculine that she wanted to look away, but couldn’t. There was a mysterious shimmer in his deep-set dark eyes that held her mesmerized. His likeness had appeared on the covers of GQ, Sports Illustrated, Time, and Esquire—all within a twelve-month period. Ken Fletcher had become the media’s latest heartthrob and role model for America’s youth.

He’d lent his face and body to designers in magazine layouts for Gianfranco Ferre, Façonnable, Dolce & Gabbanna, and Hilfiger. A televised interview with sportscaster Bob Costas revealed his refusal to endorse advertising for liquor, cigars, or cigarettes.

Whatever Kennedy Fletcher’s reason was for hiding out at a campsite in the Appalachian Mountains was of no consequence to Lydia Charlene Lord.

Her eyes narrowed. “You may bring me a plate. But don’t think I’m going to let you off the hook that easily. I don’t like being late.”

A slow, sexy smile flattened his upper lip against the ridge of his teeth. “I suppose I’ll have to come up with something a bit more noble to receive complete absolution for what I believe is a mere transgression on my part.”

Jaw dropping slightly, Lydia felt a wave of heat suffuse her face as Kennedy pushed back his chair and made his way to the buffet table. He had just reminded her that he was not a dim-witted jock.

Her gaze swept around the table as she waited to be served. Most of the administrative staff appeared to be in their thirties and forties. The camp director husband and wife team of Roger and Grace was the exception. The man on her left tapped her arm to get her attention.

“Hi. I’m Jeff Wiggins, drama and musical theater.”

She flashed a friendly smile. Jeff looked like a West Coast surfer: rakishly long sun-streaked hair and eyebrows and a deeply tanned face. “Lydia Lord, chef.”

Jeff cocked his head at an angle. “I detect a slight southern accent. Where are you from?”

“Maryland. And you?”

“Hawaii.”

Her eyebrows lifted. “You came all the way from Hawaii to work here?”

Whatever Jeff was going to say was preempted by Kennedy’s return. Balancing several dishes, he set two plates in front of Lydia. One was filled with melon wedges and sliced pineapple and the other with turkey, julienne carrots, and potato salad.

“I brought you two plates. Am I forgiven now?” he whispered close to her ear.

She rolled her eyes at him. “You wish.”

Successfully masking a frown, Kennedy took his seat. Lydia Lord was a challenge—a beautiful, stubborn, intriguing challenge.

* * *

Lydia forced herself to concentrate on Roger Evans and not on the man sitting on her right. Although she had averted her gaze, she still remembered everything about Kennedy: the fabric of his shirt stretched over his chest and shoulders, his large, well-groomed hands, and his smell. The scent of his cologne wrapped itself around her like a sensual protective cloak. She found his presence disturbing and exciting.

Roger’s evenly modulated voice broke into her thoughts. “Instead of Grace and me waxing eloquently about everyone’s experience and credentials, I’d like each of you to introduce yourselves and give an overview of what you propose to offer the campers. Ken, we’ll begin with you, then Lydia, Jeff, and so on.”

Kennedy’s features were composed as he stared at the people with whom he would spend the next two months. “I’m Ken Fletcher—” A spattering of applause interrupted his introduction. Lowering his chin, he stared at the crudités on his plate.

He had hoped that after four years since his retirement from pro football, he would be granted a modicum of anonymity, could become a private citizen, that he wouldn’t be besieged by autograph seekers or photographers while working in a remote area of western Maryland.

His head came up. “I’m Kennedy Fletcher,” he repeated, “sports director, not ballplayer.” He stressed the last two words. “I’ve set up a program with a dual focus on individuality and teamwork. Each camper will be given the option of selecting another sport besides the required swimming and water safety. They will be taught the importance of competitiveness rather than aggression and violence. The result should build stronger minds and bodies.”

Lydia took in the expressions of those sitting around the table. Kennedy had everyone’s rapt attention, especially the women. Flushed cheeks, heaving bosoms, and longing stares said it all—they were enthralled with him. She did not know whether it was his superstar status, his looks, or his voice, but whatever it was she knew what they were experiencing because she felt it, too. However, she had a distinct advantage because she could feel his heat and also smell him. His cologne hinted of sandalwood, bergamot, and another unfamiliar scent that blended sensuously with his natural masculine aroma.

“The theme for the sports program will be “One Camp, One Family,” Kennedy said, concluding his overview. Nodding, he turned to Lydia. “You’re up next.”

A smile softened her mouth as her gaze swept around the table. “I’m Lydia Lord, and I’m responsible for supervising the kitchen. What I plan to do is offer everyone a respite from the usual institutional cuisine. Because Camp Six Nations’ mission is to celebrate diversity, I’ve established themed menus for each day of the week to expose our campers to different foods and cultures.

“Sunday dinners will be southern and the following days will include Italian, Mediterranean, Chinese, all-American, Caribbean, and Tex-Mex. I believe—”

Applause and whistles filled the room, stopping her delivery. Several exchanged high-five handshakes. She felt the rock-hard muscle in Kennedy’s shoulder as he leaned into her.

“Hot damn, darling,” he whispered, grinning. She wrinkled her nose at him. The expression may have been cute on another woman, but on Lydia it was downright sexy.

She held up a hand. “Because this is a camp catering to children I want to make certain they are offered meals that aren’t loaded with calories, fat, additives, and preservatives. There will also be dishes set aside for those with dietary or religious restrictions.

“Breakfast selections will be whole-grain cereals, fresh fruit, yogurt, and baked goods. Lunch will include a salad bar and beverage choices. A midafternoon snack of cookies, homemade ice cream or gelato, and seasonal fruits will be available for the children, and smoothies, iced coffees, teas, lattes, and cappuccino for adults.”

This announcement elicited another round of applause, and Lydia felt a warm glow flow through her. She’d worked diligently on her proposal, but she had not anticipated that it would be met with that much enthusiasm.

The uncertainty and self-doubt that had lingered after her resignation evaporated like a drop of water on a heated skillet. Even after Victoria insisted that she possessed the talent to rise quickly in the culinary world, the doubt had remained.

She felt elated by her new objectivity. “I’m certain that my staff and I will make the most of our training and experience to make Camp Six Nations’ first season a memorable one. Thank you.”

Jeff sat up straighter, clearing his throat. “Now, what can I say to top lattes?”

“You can’t.”

“Don’t even bother.”

“Forget about it.”

Jeff appeared shocked by the comments coming from the people sitting around the table, but recovered quickly, saying, “You’ll eat those words once you see my would-be thespians rocking the house.”

He lowered his voice to a James Earl Jones timbre, smiling at everyone’s reaction, and crooned about putting on a hip-hop version of West Side Story.

Artisans, an interdenominational minister, a team of social workers, medical personnel, and a recent culinary school graduate, who would become Lydia’s assistant, spent the next two hours recounting their experience and how they would affect the lives of the campers.

A camp calendar, outlining camp regulations and daily activities, was distributed along with a schedule of personnel hours and their days off. Lydia’s rotation was six days on, then two half days off. Her first days off would be a Friday and Saturday. A delivery of produce and meat was scheduled for the following morning. Sorting her papers, she rose to her feet. The man assigned to assist her headed her way.

Tall, lanky, with raven-black hair cut in a buzz style, he flashed a warm smile. “Neil Lane. I loved your presentation.”

She took his hand, surprised when he brought it to his mouth, kissing her knuckles. She drew in a sharp breath. “Thank you, Neil.”

Neil tightened his grip. “Can we go somewhere and talk?”

Her eyebrows lifted. “Now?”

He released her hand, seemingly embarrassed that he’d held it longer than was necessary. “It doesn’t have to be right now.”

“I still need to unpack and settle in. Why don’t you come by my cabin in a couple of hours?”

Glancing at his watch, Neil said, “What if I come by around seven?”

Lydia nodded. “Seven is good.”

He smiled. “Thanks.”

“You’re welcome. I’ll see you at seven.”

Turning to gather up the orientation material, Lydia met Kennedy’s gaze over the ash-blond head of the physician’s assistant, who clung to his arm as if he were a lifeline keeping her from drowning.

Lydia acknowledged his plea by lifting her eyebrows before turning and walking out of the main building. If Kennedy wanted her to rescue him from his admirer, then he was out of luck. Superstardom came with an astronomical sacrifice: anonymity.

Temporarily dismissing all thoughts of Kennedy Fletcher, Lydia made her way to her cabin. It was crucial that she unpack and make the small space feel like home. Her mother lectured her constantly about being too rigid, aggressive, and uncompromising, but what Etta Mae Lord did not understand was as the youngest in a family of nine children, Lydia had learned at an early age that if she wanted to be heard and acknowledged, then she had to assert herself.

Unlike most of her single girlfriends who trolled clubs for potential husbands and her past involvement with Justin notwithstanding, business success topped her wish list, not marriage.

* * *

Lydia lay down on one of the two cushioned recliners she always stored in the cargo area of her SUV. She had managed to unpack, add personal touches to the cabin, shower, and change into a pair of comfortable walking shorts and a tank top in record time. She’d thought about driving into town to find a grocery store to stock the small refrigerator with bottled water and yogurt, but decided against it because of her appointment with Neil.

Sighing audibly, she closed her eyes. The delicate wind chime hanging from the porch ceiling swayed and tinkled in the light breeze. She’d become captivated with wind chimes after seeing Body Heat, the film noir featuring Kathleen Turner in her screen debut.

The hauntingly beautiful sound of an acoustic piano accompanying Brenda Russell as she crooned “Piano in the Dark” came from the speakers of a portable stereo unit sitting on the floor. Lydia had ordered the complete Time-Life Body and Soul CD series more than a year ago, yet hadn’t taken the cellophane wrapper off a single compact disc.

Now she would take the time to relax, listen to music, and catch up on her reading. She’d asked her attorney to keep her posted on the negotiations to rent space at a construction site that would contain several office buildings and an underground mall. The project was scheduled for completion in early spring next year.

She opened her eyes and sat up straighter when she registered a soft tapping sound. “Please come in and sit down.”

Neil opened the porch door and lowered his lanky frame down to the other chair. His near-black gaze swept around the porch, cataloguing everything. The music, the delicate sounds from the wind chime, and the flickering votive candles in a three-tiered, brass candleholder added a delicate touch to the rustic structure.

He smiled. “You’ve settled in nicely.”

Lydia nodded. “I’m trying to make it feel a little like home.”

“Everyone is going into town in about half an hour to hang out and get better acquainted. I hope you’ll join us.”

She wanted to tell him that all she wanted to do was sit on the porch and listen to music and watch the sunset. However, she didn’t want to appear antisocial.

“Of course.” Leaning over, she turned off the CD player. “What is it you want to talk about?”

Neil sat forward, his hands clasped together. “I graduated from culinary school two months ago, and this will be my first job as a chef.”

A flash of recognition crossed Lydia’s face. She knew Neil was anxious over rumors he’d heard in culinary school about egotistical executive chefs, whose sole mission was to bully, terrorize, and intimidate their apprentices to tears. She hadn’t been exempt, except that she refused to cry in front of the others.

“Relax, Neil.” Her voice was soft, comforting. “I’m not going to scream or throw things. I know what that feels like, and I would never do it to someone else. You were hired to assist me, and that’s what I need you to do.”

Neil exhaled a sigh of relief and ran a hand over his cropped hair. “I’ve risked everything to follow my dream. I quit my job as a bean counter for the General Accounting Office the day after I had spent twenty years there. My wife moved out, took our daughters, and is now living with her mother because she believes I’m going through a midlife crisis. My father says ‘a real man wouldn’t be caught swishing around a kitchen.’”

“Do you really like cooking?” Lydia asked, deftly directing the conversation away from Neil’s family. If they were going to work together she preferred not knowing about his private life.

His expression changed, becoming animated. “I don’t know if I can explain it, but I feel…” His words trailed off.

“A rush,” she supplied.

“Yes! That’s it. A rush. A high. It’s all the same emotion.”

Lydia had experienced the same emotion. The few times she’d concocted a new dish that subsequently appeared on the restaurant’s menu earning good reviews, she expected more than “nice work” from the executive chef.

Times had changed and so had she. The urge to please, while demonstrating that she was a talented chef, was no longer important. Cooking for the camp would prove one thing: either she would or wouldn’t be able to supervise a kitchen.

She and Neil had something in common. He’d left a secure position as a government worker, while she had walked away from a prestigious position with one of D.C.’s most popular restaurants.

“Where are you working now?” he asked after a comfortable silence.

She stared at a bug crawling down the screen. “I’m not.”

“What do you plan to do after the camp season is over?”

“I’m thinking about going into business for myself.”

“Good for you,” he said.

They talked about restaurants in the capital district, northern Virginia and eastern Maryland, until Neil stole a glance at his watch. “It’s time we head out.”

Lydia swung her legs over the side of the recliner. “Where are we going?”

“Ken said there’s a place called the Roadhouse not too far from here. Dining and dress are casual.”

She stood up, Neil following suit. “Give me a few minutes to change.” Casual or not, she felt a skirt would be more appropriate than shorts.

“Do you mind going with him?”

Neil’s question caught her off guard. “You want me to go with Kennedy?” He nodded. “Why?” If Kennedy wanted her to ride with him, then he should’ve asked her.

“I have a two-seater, and I promised Jill that she could ride with me.”

She tried matching the name Jill with the face, but came up blank. It would take her several days before she would be able to identify everyone on sight.

“No, I don’t mind.” She did mind, but she wasn’t going to let Neil know that. “I’ll see you there.”

“Good. I’ll let him know you’ll be going with him.”

Her jaw dropped. “He doesn’t know?”

“Not yet. I’ll tell him on the way back to my cabin.”

Mouth gaping, she stared at her assistant as he made his way off the porch. She didn’t want Kennedy to think she wanted to ride with him. If she’d known where the restaurant was, she would drive herself.

However, there was something about the man living fifty feet away that made her uncomfortable, and the less contact she had with him the better. Turning, she walked into her cabin as a gentle breeze rustled the wind chime.

She unbuttoned the waistband on her shorts, stepped out of them, then reached into the closet for a slim black skirt. Slipping out of her clogs, she slid her bare feet into a pair of strappy sandals with a two-inch heel.

Reaching for a small leather purse, she took out a tube of gloss and drew the brush over her lips before smoothing back wisps of hair that had escaped the twist on the nape of her neck.

She headed for the door, closing it behind her. As she made her way off the porch she noticed Kennedy waiting for her, massive arms crossed over his chest. He’d changed out of his jeans and golf shirt.

Her breath caught in her throat as she surveyed his tall physique in a pair of black slacks and silk T-shirt. A pair of imported slip-ons had replaced his hiking boots.

Dropping his arms, he cleared his throat. “Neil said you needed a ride.”

Lydia wanted to tell Kennedy that Neil had lied as she watched him staring at her. His gaze swept from her head to her feet in seconds. The uneasiness was back. Was her skirt too short, tight? Did her top reveal too much flesh? Were her nipples showing through the sheer fabric of her bra?

Girl, you’d better pull yourself together before you lose it, she chided. There was no way she wanted Kennedy Fletcher to think she was some bubble-headed groupie or video ho lusting after him.

“I can always follow you in my SUV.”

“That’s not necessary. I made reservations for eight o’clock, so we’d better head out before the locals take all the parking spaces.”

“It’s that popular?”

Kennedy extended his hand, and he wasn’t disappointed when Lydia took it. “It’s been called western Maryland’s Studio 54.”

Lydia smiled up at him. “No!”

He returned her smile. “Yes. Some of the sights you’ll see will make you go ‘humm-mmm.’”

“Give me a clue,” she said, falling in step beside him.

“Beehive hairdos, platform shoes, bell-bottom pants, and an occasional Mohawk.”

She laughed, the tinkling sound carrying in the quietness of the evening like her wind chime. “What aren’t you telling me, Kennedy?”

“Most of the kids who work at the Roadhouse are drama students who live in the area for the summer. They double as wait staff and entertainers.”

“It sounds like fun.”

Kennedy gave her hand a gentle squeeze. “It is.”

Those were the last two words they exchanged as he helped her into his SUV.





CHAPTER THREE



Lydia stared out the passenger-side window of Kennedy’s Range Rover, admiring the lush, verdant landscape flaunting its summer dress.

Jeff, who had flown in from Hawaii and did not have a vehicle for his use on the mainland, sat on the second row of seats. Leaning forward, he tapped her shoulder.

“Will you consider a special menu request?”

Shifting, she peered at him. “It depends on what you want.”

“A luau.”

Kennedy peered up in the rearview mirror. “I’m with you, Jeff. A luau would be perfect for the farewell celebration dinner.” He returned his attention to the narrow, winding road.

Lydia’s gaze shifted between the two men. “A luau means roast pig. Where am I going to cook a pig? I stand corrected—pigs.”

The ovens weren’t large enough to roast the half a dozen suckling pigs needed to feed a minimum of a hundred people. Her father always used an in-ground pit to roast a large pig for the Lord family’s annual Memorial Day get-together.

Kennedy winked at her. “Why don’t you run the idea past Roger? It shouldn’t be that difficult to have a pit constructed before the end of the summer.”

“I’ll do that,” she said, quickly warming to the idea.

* * *

“We’re here,” he announced seconds before the Roadhouse came into view.

The Roadhouse was housed in a converted barn. Loud music floated from an open loft. Couples, spilling out of cars, pickups, and SUVs, gyrated to the upbeat tempo as they headed toward the entrance.

Kennedy pulled into one of the last remaining parking spaces and cut off the engine. He got out, came around, and opened the passenger-side door. Curving an arm around Lydia’s waist, he scooped her off the seat, as if she were a small child, holding her aloft before lowering her slowly until her shoes touched the blacktop. If she registered his hesitation in releasing her, nothing in her expression indicated she had.

Since coming face-to-face with Lydia Lord, Kennedy felt as if he’d been ensnared in a web of curiosity. He wanted and needed to know what it was about the camp’s chef that had him thinking about her when he did not want to. He knew it wasn’t her looks, because he had dated women who made their living based solely on their faces and bodies. But there was something about Lydia that went beyond beauty. She seemed to possess a strength that in no way compromised her femininity.

What intrigued him most was that although she’d recognized his name she hadn’t tried coming on to him like a lot of women had done during his football playing days, and now a few at the camp. A wry smile touched his mouth. Unlike a lot of his male friends, he never liked being chased, preferring instead to do the chasing.

Reaching for her hand, he squeezed her fingers. “Are you ready to go in?”

Tilting her chin, Lydia did what she wanted to do earlier that day—she leaned into Kennedy’s massive strength. “Yes.”

* * *

They were still holding hands when a waiter dressed like a Shakespearean character directed them to a table where the camp staff had gathered. Kennedy seated Lydia on a long bench before rounding the table to sit opposite her. Their gazes met, fused, communicating an awareness of each other as if they were the only two people in the room. She offered him a shy smile, he acknowledged the gesture with a wink.

Her lids slipped down over her eyes, thick lashes sweeping the soft curve of high cheekbones. The demure expression, and the woman who made his senses spin out of control, enchanted Kennedy.

His eyes traced the planes of her face like a painter with a fine-tipped brush, moving slowly, feathering over the arch of her eyebrows, the bridge of her short nose, the hollow of delicate cheekbones, the lush, soft fullness of a petulant lower lip, and a minute dip in her delicate chin—the perfect spot on which to breathe a kiss.

“Captain Fletcher?” Kennedy shifted his gaze and attention from Lydia to a waitress dressed as a tavern-serving wench.

She smiled, displaying several blackened teeth. She leaned over, eliciting gasps from the men. The amount of flesh spilling from her revealing décolletage screamed scan-dalous!

“Do you still want the Monstrosity for your crew?” Her affected Cockney accent was flawless. He nodded mutely. “Grog, sir?” He nodded again, not realizing he’d been holding his breath until she sashayed over to the bar to put in their beverage order.

“Dam-yum,” Jeff whispered under his breath at the same time he shook his head.

“I hear you, my man,” Neil concurred.

Epithets of “tramp,” “strumpet,” and “harlot” were volleyed about the table by the women, their reactions drawing hoots and high fives from the men. Lydia met Kennedy’s amused gaze as she rolled her eyes at him.

“Are you sure this place isn’t Hooters in disguise?” Jill, the very attractive ash-blond physician’s assistant who had clung to Kennedy’s arm as if she were an appendage, openly voiced her disapproval.

A social worker tapped Jill’s arm, pointing at three men approaching the table clutching pitchers of beer, wine, and soft drinks. Bare-chested, they wore black skintight leggings, ballet-type slippers, and bow ties. The only competition for their toned pectorals and rock-hard abs were perfectly chiseled soap opera features.

Jill was practically salivating. “Who picked this place?”

Roger chuckled softly. “Ken.”

“Nice choice,” she crooned, giving him a thumbs-up sign.

Everyone at the table laughed. The tense moment behind them, mugs and glasses were filled and held aloft in a toast.

Roger adjusted his glasses. “Here’s to good food, drink, and the best camp staff in the state.”

“Hear, hear!” came a chorus of voices from those lining both sides of the long wooden table.

Hoisting his mug brimming over with frothy beer, Roger flashed a wide grin. “A special toast to Ken for offering to pick up tonight’s tab.”

“Hear, hear!” boomed the staff loud enough to be heard over the raucous sounds of music and conversations. The DJ had turned up the volume on Usher’s “Yeah.”

Jeff swallowed a mouthful of white wine. Snapping his fingers in time to the catchy tune, he reached for Lydia. “May I have this dance?”

Before she could accept or decline his invitation, he’d grabbed her hand. She was on her feet and following him to the platform stage set up as a dance floor. Two other couples from their group joined them.

Kennedy, refusing to dance, sat and watched Lydia’s slender body swaying sensually as if seducing Jeff and every man whose gaze touched her. His lids lowered, he stared intently at her, hypnotized by the perfection of her long, shapely bare legs in high heel sandals with thin leather straps crisscrossing her narrow feet.

She raised her arms and clapped her hands, singing along with the lyrics, “make your booty go…”

As Usher’s former blockbuster hit segued into OutKast’s “The Way You Move,” the wait staff and bartenders joined the customers on the dance floor. Everyone at the Roadhouse was up dancing, leaving Kennedy no excuse but to follow suit. He made his way over to Lydia. She smiled at him and he offered her his trademark matinee-idol smile.

At thirty-six, he wasn’t too old to have been part of the MTV generation, but the most noticeable change was that he’d appreciably curtailed his social life. There had been a time when he’d been able to party as hard as he’d trained for a career as an athlete. However, it had only taken a single incident to change him, his career, his life, and his future.

The DJ was relentless, spinning another old hit from the Bad Boy II soundtrack, “Shake Your Tailfeather.” As if on cue, the restaurant’s personnel resumed their duties as the volume lowered.

“This is your DJ, Road Dawg, spinning the jams tonight.” The sonorous voice floated from hidden speakers like watered silk. “We’re going to take it down a notch, give you time to catch your breath, order a little sumptum, sumptum from the bar, or sample the house special of catfish fritters. Now, hold on to your favorite lady or gent and give a listen to an old Evanescence favorite, ‘My Immortal.’”

“Please dance with me.” Kennedy’s arm curved around Lydia’s waist, pulling her against his middle.

Closing her eyes, Lydia rested her head on Kennedy’s chest, all of her senses on high alert. She listened to the strong, slow, steady beating of his heart over the hauntingly beautiful voice of Amy Lee, Evanescence’s lead singer. Curving her arms under his massive shoulders, she breathed in the essence of the cologne that had become an aphrodisiac, and languished in the solidness of the body curving into hers. Her heels put the top of her head at his shoulder, making them a perfect fit.

Kennedy curbed an urge to tighten his hold on Lydia’s slender body. If possible, he sought to absorb her into himself. He memorized everything about her: the silky feel of her skin, the floral scent clinging to her hair, clothes, and flesh, and the soft crush of her full breasts against his chest.

I want her!

The unspoken realization caught him off guard. He hadn’t known Lydia Lord a day, yet he wanted her. And the wanting wasn’t based solely on physical gratification—which he could get from any woman. Lydia posed a challenge, the perfect foil in a battle of the sexes.

“Were you serious about not dating athletes?” he whispered near her ear.

Lydia nodded. “Very serious.”

“Why?”

Easing back slightly, she stared up at him staring down at her. “Once burned, twice shy.”

He lifted a thick, black eyebrow. “So, you had a bad experience with a jock.” The question was posed as a statement.

Her gaze did not waver. She wanted to tell Kennedy it was devastating. How could she disclose to a stranger that the man to whom she had offered her innocence had betrayed her? The deceit was compounded because he was sleeping with her best friend at the same time.

She saw the heartrending tenderness in his gaze. Her lids fluttered wildly as she struggled to maintain her composure. His query had opened the door she had closed years before, a door she did not want to open again.

“Yes,” she whispered, the word pregnant with pain and resignation.

“Not all of them are SOBs.”

She managed a wry smile. “I know. Just the one I knew.”

Lowering his chin, Kennedy pressed a kiss on the top of Lydia’s head. “There comes a time when you have to put your past to rest, Lydia.”

“I have,” she mumbled against his shoulder. “I no longer date athletes.”

Kennedy wanted to tell Lydia that he was no longer an athlete, and that he wanted to date her. Neither would have a great deal of free time because of their camp responsibilities, but he did want to take her to a movie, or on a leisurely drive in the country. He wanted to spend time with her in order to uncover why she, and not some other woman, pulled him back into a game where losing was not an option.

The song ended and he escorted Lydia back to the table. Kilt-clad waiters balancing trays with dishes piled high with crispy fried chicken, catfish fritters, Maryland crab cakes, chow-chow, steamed okra, corn on the cob, mixed greens, candied sweet potatoes, black-eyed peas, Creole vegetable gumbo, and barbecued short ribs set them on the table. Pitchers of iced tea and water were added to the other beverages.

Mugs overflowed with liquid refreshment and plates groaned under monstrous portions. Conversation was practically nonexistent as the camp’s staff consumed copious amounts of food.

Lydia was impressed with the presentation and taste of what was commonly referred to as the Roadhouse “Monstrosity.” Although she preferred oven-fried chicken to the deep-fry method, she approved of the taste.

Neil held up a chicken leg, garnering her attention. “Soybean veggie oil,” he mouthed. Nodding, she confirmed his assessment. The soybeans added a sweet, flavorful essence.

Jill emptied her glass of red wine and extended it to Neil for a refill, her bare shoulder pressed intimately close to his. Lydia wondered if the chatty, flirtatious physician’s assistant was aware of Neil’s marital status. He’d admitted to being separated, not divorced.

Mind your business, Lydia Lord, the voice in her head chastised her. What Neil did with other women was not her concern. She knew spending eight weeks with the same people twenty-four-seven was temptation of the highest order.

“Have you decided on a dessert menu, Lydia?” Jeff asked, dabbing the corners of his mouth with a napkin.

Redheaded, green-eyed Megan Gallagher, a renowned potter, stared at Jeff in disbelief. “How can you talk about more food at a time like this?” she asked in a distinct Irish brogue. “Ye must have a belly like a bottomless pit.”

A rush of blood darkened Jeff’s face under his deep tan. “I happen to have a serious jones for desserts.”

Megan looked perplexed. “Who is this Jones person?” A chorus of chuckles and sniggles followed her query.

“I could’ve said feenin’,” Jeff teased, flashing a wide grin.

“Me sister is married to Liam Feeney,” Megan announced proudly.

The staff laughed uncontrollably, fists pounding the table while others hiccupped, trying to hold their breath. Tears rolled down many of their cheeks.

Lydia, laughing as hard as the others, dabbed at her damp face with a napkin. Kennedy’s motto of “One Camp, One Family” was evidenced by the camaraderie cementing the group who’d met for the first time only eight hours before.

“I’m with Jeff,” Grace announced. “What are the desserts?”

All gazes were directed at Lydia, who had affected a mysterious smile. “You’ll have to ask Neil about that.”

Eyes wide, mouth gaping, Neil struggled to come to terms with what he’d just heard. It was apparent Lydia wanted him to be responsible for the dessert station. How, he mused, did she know his passion was to become a pastry chef?

Recovering quickly, he cleared his throat. “In keeping with Lydia’s idea of themed menus, I plan for the desserts to be representative of each region. Tiramisu for Italy, flan for Latin America, baklava for the Mediterranean, and of course sweet potato and apple pie for the good old U. S. of A.” Hard pressed not to smile, he stared at Lydia, who acknowledged her approval with a slight nod.

During their discussion of popular restaurants, Neil had stressed which ones served the best desserts, which led Lydia to believe he would eventually become a patisserie.

“Speaking of dessert, would anyone like any?” Kennedy asked, reaching into the pocket of his slacks for a credit card. No one accepted the offer, and he signaled a waiter for the check. It had taken a little more than two hours for them to devour everything on the table.

As if on cue, everyone stood up, thanked Kennedy for dinner, and filed out of the Roadhouse several pounds heavier.

Lydia followed the others into the parking lot, breathing in the pungent odor of burning mesquite wood. She looked up at a star-filled sky with a near-full moon. The nighttime temperatures in this part of the state were at least ten degrees cooler than Baltimore, and the absence of the oppressive humidity was most noticeable.

Jeff headed toward her, Megan following. “Let Ken know that I’m going back with Megan. I told her I would give her a crash course in American slang.”

She smiled. “A couple of months of BET and MTV music videos will give her all she needs to understand our vernacular.”

As she watched the camp staff getting into trucks and cars, Lydia thought about the campers scheduled to arrive in another two days. Would some of them have trouble adjusting to living in the woods for two months? Would they bemoan the loss of their music videos and games that bombarded them constantly during their waking hours? How many, she wondered, would complete the eight-week season?

The last thought hadn’t completed itself when she felt a presence behind her. How was Kennedy able to move so quietly for a man his size? She knew he weighed over two hundred pounds, and stood at least six four, maybe five.

“Do you need a ride, miss?” he whispered close to her ear.

Lydia shivered as much from the timbre of his voice as from his moist breath sweeping over the side of her neck. Smiling, she said, “As a matter of fact I do.”

“Where are you going, miss?”

“Camp Six Nations.”

Kennedy moved closer, resisting the urge to touch Lydia. He wanted to touch her again, and not under the pretense of dancing with her. “I’m not familiar with the place,” he teased softly.

Turning, Lydia tilted her chin and stared up at him. The lights ringing the parking lot cast shadows over the upper portion of his face. “I’ll show you where it is.” There was a hint of laughter in her voice.

A half smile parted his mouth. “I’ll take you, but only if you allow me to take a slight detour.”

“Where?” A slight frown appeared between her eyes.

“I need to stop at an all-night convenience store to pick up some bottled water.”

“I need water, too,” she said quickly.

Reaching for her elbow, Kennedy led Lydia to his Range Rover. He unlocked it with a remote device, then spanning her waist with both hands, lifted her effortlessly and set her down on the passenger-side seat.

Lydia secured her seat belt and adjusted the hem of her skirt. The skirt ended above her knees when standing, but rode up considerably once she sat.

Kennedy got in beside her, his warmth and smell nearly overwhelming her as she closed her eyes. His nearness elicited a slow warming heat that began in her face before moving down her body like a swath of slow-moving lava. How was she going to spend the summer with a man whose very presence sent her senses and now her hormones into overdrive?

Biting down hard on her lower lip, she prayed she wouldn’t succumb to the sensual magnetism radiating from Kennedy Fletcher like radioactive waves.

At that moment it did not matter whether he had a wife secreted away somewhere, or a girlfriend waiting for him to come back to her at the end of the summer. What did matter was that Lydia found herself mesmerized by a man she did not want to lust after.

* * *

Kennedy maneuvered into the parking lot of a convenience store several miles off the interstate. Neon lights from another establishment sharing the property flashed the outline of a woman’s body crouched on her hands and knees. He left the engine running.

“Do you need anything else besides water?”

“Yogurt, but only if they carry it.”

He unsnapped his seat belt. “What kind of yogurt?”

“I’ll go in with you.”

Kennedy reached over and covered her hand when she attempted to undo her belt. “No. I want you to stay here.”

“Why should I?” She’d folded her hands on her hips.

“I don’t want to expose you to that.” He pointed to his right. A few men had stumbled out of the Doll House, one losing the contents of his stomach. Another unzipped his pants and urinated, while the third weaved and pointed at the ground.

Lydia averted her gaze. “I’ll stay here.”

Kennedy thought he was in for an argument once Lydia rested her hands on her hips and rolled her neck at him. She was safer inside the SUV than outside. It would take only a word or crude remark and he would revert to his football days, knocking down two-hundred-pound-plus men like match-sticks.

“What kind of yogurt?” he asked again.

“Fruit or plain. It doesn’t matter.”

“Don’t run away,” he said smoothly, with no expression on his face.

Lydia nodded. She certainly had no intention of leaving the Range Rover as more men staggered out of the club.

The Doll House was apparently a regular Friday night hangout where the predominately male patrons tossed back a few drinks, downed several beers while they were entertained by naked women swinging around poles and executing full splits for their amusement.

A girl Lydia had gone to high school with had become an exotic dancer to earn extra money to supplement her child support payments. Lydia had asked Victoria to hire her as a waitress for her catered parties, but Belinda said she made more money stripping at a club in a seedy, crime-infested neighborhood where most law-abiding people refused to venture out after dark. Belinda swore she would quit as soon as she saved enough money to buy a house for her three children. The last time Lydia ran into her, Belinda was still dancing because some guy she’d dated had stolen her money.

All thoughts of Belinda vanished when Lydia spied Kennedy coming out of the store, balancing a plastic sack atop a case of water. As he came closer she realized he was carrying two cases of water. Most times she struggled with one, while he carried two with no visible struggle. He motioned for her to open the hatch, and she reached over and pressed a button on the vehicle’s remote.

He placed his purchases in the cargo area and came around to sit beside her. “Is there any other place you’d like to go before I head back?”

Lydia glanced at the clock on the dashboard. It was close to eleven. She wanted to get into bed before midnight because she had to be up early for the food delivery.

She shook her head. “No.” Shifting into gear, Kennedy backed out of the parking lot.

“How do you know this area so well?” Lydia asked ten minutes into the return trip. Kennedy had taken a different route back to the camp.

“I have a little place around here.”

Sitting up straighter, she stared at his distinctive profile. “You live here?”

His eyes crinkled in a smile. “Not year-round.”

“If you don’t mind my asking, where do you live?”

He gave her a quick glance. “Friendship Heights.”

Lydia’s left eyebrow flickered. Kennedy lived in one of suburban Maryland’s affluent communities. “Will your family spend the summer in Friendship Heights, or do they plan to join you here?”

“No,” he said after a slight pause. “It’s almost impossible to get my parents to leave Alabama. But, if you’re alluding to a wife or girlfriend, then the answer is no. I have neither.”

“Did I ask you if you were married or involved with a woman?”

Kennedy ignored her sharp tone. “No.”

“Then, why did you tell me?”

“I’m hoping that by being honest and open with you you’ll change your opinion of athletes.”

“My opinion, or the fact that I won’t date them?”

“Both.”

“Does what I think of athletes mean that much to you?”

“Yes.”

There came a deafening silence inside the vehicle as Lydia, stunned by his bluntness, struggled to compose her thoughts. She was aware of her personality, and stubbornness and being opinionated weren’t her most admirable characteristics.

Perhaps she was being unfair to Kennedy. She’d tried and judged him without cause. She’d done to him what so many people did to others outside their racial, religious, and ethnic groups, basing their dislike and mistrust on stereotyping.

* * *

Kennedy slowed at an intersection, looking both ways before accelerating. He’d tried everything with Lydia except pleading with her. That he would never do because of his pride, a pride that was unyielding, a pride that had cost him the love of a woman, whom at one time he had loved more than himself.

“Okay, Kennedy.”

His right foot hit the brake so quickly that the SUV nearly went into a spin. Shifting into park, he turned and stared at Lydia, complete surprise freezing his features.

“What?” The word exploded from his mouth.

Lydia closed her eyes as her heart pumped a runaway rhythm. Counting to three, she opened them. “I’m not saying I’ll go out with you, but then I can’t say I won’t go out with you.”

He leaned closer. “What are you saying, Lydia?”

“I’m saying I’ll try and change my opinion of jocks—athletes.”

Resting his right arm over the back of her seat, he smiled. “What about former jocks?”

“Those, too,” she said softly, peering up at him through her lashes.

Removing his arm, Kennedy shifted into gear. “Good. At least we can start at one and move forward.”

Sinking back into her seat, Lydia felt a new and unexpected warmth ripple through her. When she’d arrived at the camp earlier that afternoon she never would’ve imagined meeting the mysterious, reclusive Kennedy Fletcher.

Not only was he alive and well, he was more drop-dead gorgeous than before. He was also single and not in a committed relationship; the last thought made Lydia smile.

Perhaps she’d judged Mr. Fletcher prematurely. It was apparent he wanted to play, and play she would. She would see what he was offering, then decide whether it was worth accepting. Like the tourism slogan for Las Vegas: what happens here, stays here. The same could be said for Camp Six Nations.

Once they arrived at the camp, Lydia directed Kennedy to leave her water on the porch. “How much do I owe you?” she asked him.

“For what?”

“The water and the yogurt.”

Kennedy shook his head. “Nothing.”

They stood motionlessly, staring at each other for several seconds. She was the first to break the silence. “Good night, Kennedy. Thank you for dinner.”

He angled his head, smiling. “It was my pleasure. Good night, Lydia.”

She waited until he walked the short distance to his cabin before she turned and went inside. Her first day was nothing like she’d imagined it would be.

It was quite remarkable, and she knew Kennedy Fletcher had something to do with that.





CHAPTER FOUR



It was nature’s alarm clock that woke Lydia before dawn, and not her travel clock or the camp bell. The chatter of birds nesting on several trees outside her cabin began calling to one another as soon as streaks of light pierced the night sky, heralding the beginning of a new day. She did not linger in bed.

Sunlight had filtered through the leaves by the time she’d made her bed, showered, and changed into a pair of sweatpants, an oversize T-shirt, and running shoes.

The delivery of meat and poultry was scheduled for seven, canned foods at nine, and produce at noon. Lydia was certain she and Neil would be able to organize the kitchen in time to prepare dinner for the staff and counselors.

The campers were expected on Sunday morning. She planned to have a snack available on arrival, followed by a southern-style Sunday dinner with all of the fixings.

She walked out of the cabin and off the porch. A cool breeze whispered over her face. The weather was ideal for an early morning walk. What she’d regretted most about selling her condo and moving back with her parents was not having access to a twenty-four-hour on-site health facility. She usually took advantage of the heated pool and treadmill.

Heading in the direction of the lake, Lydia realized she wasn’t the only early riser. Wearing headsets, Jeff and Megan jogged leisurely across an open field. She reached the lake, but hadn’t gone more than fifty feet when she saw Kennedy swimming toward the pier.

He hoisted himself out of the water and sat down, his feet dangling in the water. She was transfixed by the play of light over his naked upper body. He truly was an African god come to life. The droplets of water dotting his tanned brown shoulders shimmered like precious gems on dark brown velvet.

Lydia hadn’t realized she’d been holding her breath until she felt a band constricting her chest. A wave of shame assailed her. What had she become? Watching Kennedy made her feel like a voyeur. Moving quickly, quietly, she walked back the way she’d come, away from Kennedy and away from temptation.

* * *

Perched on tall stools at a stainless steel counter, Lydia and Neil pored over pages of typed items. The pantry, refrigerator, and freezer were stocked with enough food and meat to last a week.

She gave her assistant a sidelong glance. “We need a computerized inventory. There’s no way we’re going to need this much food every week. We’re not going to need a standing order for fifty pounds of onions.”

Neil turned and met her gaze. A network of pale blue spidery veins around his penetrating dark eyes enhanced the paleness of his face.

“Who’s going to do it?”

Lydia sighed softly. “I’ll do it.”

“When?”

“Before dinner.”

“Where?”

“I’ll buy a laptop.”

“Why don’t you use the one at the main house?” Neil asked.

“I could do that, but we’re still going to need a terminal here.”

Pressing the heels of his hands to his forehead, Neil grimaced. “I forgot about that.”

Deep in thought, Lydia chewed her lower lip. “I remember seeing a Staples in a small shopping center not too far from here. Let’s plan our dinner menu and then I’m going shopping for a computer. What do you suggest we prepare?” she asked, a mysterious smile crinkling her eyes.

Neil stared at Lydia, complete surprise on his face. “You want me to put together the menu?”

“Why not?”

His gaze narrowed. “Are you testing me?”

Lifting finely arched eyebrows, she stared at him, her expression deceptively neutral. “Now, why would I do that?”

He shrugged a shoulder. “I don’t know.”

“Are you going to show me what you’ve got, Mr. Neil?” She was going to offer Neil what had been withheld from her: an opportunity to showcase his talent and creativity.

“We’re cooking for a little more than thirty, so I’d go with grilled London broil in a cilantro mint vinaigrette, grilled veggies, and a salad.”

Lydia nodded. “What about those who don’t eat beef?”

“Grilled chicken.”

She nodded again. “What type of salad? Caesar? Waldorf?”

Excitement flushed Neil’s normally pale face. “What about a mixed citrus with red onions and escarole?”

“Good choice,” Lydia said, complimenting him. “I suggest two salads. The other can be apples or pears, walnuts, and blue cheese.”

“I like your style, Lydia. You’re definitely top-shelf.”

“It’s not so much what you prepare as it is working with what you have. We have bushels of seasonal fruit that should be eaten before it spoils. We can serve it for all three meals and snacks.” Baskets of fresh raspberries, blackberries, blueberries, and strawberries were stored on shelves in the walk-in refrigerator.

“What about dessert, Lydia?”

Tilting her head at an angle, she smiled at him. “What about it, Neil?” she asked, answering his question with one of her own.

He flashed a warm, open smile…for the first time. “Trifle.”

Reaching over, she squeezed his hand. “You just earned yourself a gold star.”

* * *

Lydia sat down on the side of her bed, a towel wrapped around her damp body. Votive candles flickered, throwing low and short shadows over the walls. She ached, neck, back, and wrists, from spending hours hunched over the laptop entering every description and quantity of provisions in the kitchen after helping Neil prepare dinner. He had concocted a marinade with an Asian flavor that tantalized the palate. She was more than impressed by his trifle. Everything from the pound cake to the whipped cream and toasted almond garnish was made from scratch.

Neil’s cooking ability was only surpassed by his speed. Lydia hoped his wife would realize that his passion was cooking and not sitting in a cubicle auditing government agencies.

Her own love affair with cooking began at age four. Etta Mae had sat her on a kitchen stool, hoping to keep her amused. Amusement became curiosity and finally an obsession. Cooking had become as vital to Lydia as breathing. And to succeed in her field had become an all-consuming drive that could only be assuaged by owning and operating her own restaurant.

She wanted to sit out on the porch and listen to music, but decided against it. In a few hours it would be Sunday. Removing the towel, she lay across the bed and within minutes fell asleep.

* * *

Kennedy stared through the screen, watching Lydia walk across the meadow. Although they were living close to each other he’d found it odd that he hadn’t caught a glimpse of her since the night they’d gone to the Roadhouse.

A slow smile parted his lips as he slipped his hands into the pockets of his shorts. The memory of her soft body pressed intimately to his, the hauntingly sensual fragrance of her perfume, and her exquisite, fragile beauty had lingered. His smiled widened. She was dressed for work. Instead of jeans or a revealing slim skirt, the luscious curves of her body were concealed under a pair of loose-fitting black pin-striped pants and a white tunic; a black-and-white-patterned bandana covered her hair.

The vibrating motion of the cell phone clipped to his waistband broke into his musings. Peering at the display, he saw his mother’s number. Vertical lines appeared between his eyes. Diane Fletcher-Anderson did not make it a practice to call him this early. He picked up the phone.

“Good morning, Mama.” The slow Alabama drawl from his youth was back.

A soft laugh came through the earpiece. “Good morning, son.”

“How are you feeling?”

“I’m mighty fine, Kennedy. It’s your father who’s not doing so good.”

“What’s wrong with Dad?”

There came a slight pause before Diane said, “It’s not Philip.”

If it wasn’t his stepfather, Philip Anderson, then that meant it had to be Marvin Kennedy—the man who had fathered him, a man who had rejected him before his birth, a man whom he met for the first time a week after he’d inked a multi-million-dollar contract with a signing bonus to play for the NFL. Closing his eyes, Kennedy girded himself for bad news.

“What does he want?” A thread of hardness had crept into his voice.

There was another pause from Diane. “It’s not what he wants, Kennedy, but what he needs.”

He opened his eyes. “Okay, Mama, what does he need?” The last time Marvin contacted him it was because he needed money. He’d lost his job and the bank had threatened to foreclose on his house.

“A kidney.”

“A what?”

“A kidney, son.”

On shaking knees, Kennedy made his way over to a cushioned wicker love seat and sat down. He ran a free hand over his face. “He wants me to give him a kidney?”

“No. He only called to say that his doctor said he’s going to need another kidney.”

“How much time does he have?”

“Six to nine months. A year, if he’s lucky.”

Bitterness welled up in Kennedy’s throat like bile, resentment smoldering with the weight of a soaked blanket. Why couldn’t Marvin come to him? Why did he continue to go through Diane? Hadn’t he hurt her enough over the years?

“Tell him to call me.”

“You know he won’t do that.”

A muscle in Kennedy’s lean jaw twitched as he clenched his teeth. “Either he calls me, or this topic is moot.”

A soft sigh whispered through the earpiece. “I’ll try to convince him to call you.”

“You shouldn’t have to convince him, Mama. Just tell him.”

“You’re both so much alike that it—”

“Makes you want to scream,” Kennedy said, cutting off his mother and completing her statement. “I’m going to have to hang up because I need to go to work.”

“How’s the camp?”

Smiling for the first time since answering the call, he gave Diane an update. “The kids are coming in today.”

“I think it’s very noble of you to build a camp for less fortunate children, but I still would like to see you married with children of your own. I want a grandchild.”

“Bye, Mama.”

“Don’t you dare hang up on me, Kennedy Marvin Fletcher,” Diane warned.

“Love you a bunch.” He pressed a button, ending the call.

Getting to his feet, Kennedy reattached the phone to his waistband. Diane Fletcher-Anderson’s call disturbed him more than he wanted to admit. Just when he thought he’d straightened out his life it was about to be torn asunder with the news that his biological father needed a kidney.

Temporarily dismissing Marvin’s medical condition, he pushed open the porch door, descended the steps, and headed for the kitchen. He needed a cup of coffee—black and very strong.

* * *

Lydia felt a presence and her head came up. Kennedy stood on the inside of the double doors. Her gaze moved leisurely from his stoic expression to his strong legs in a pair of khaki walking shorts.

She smiled. “Good morning.”

“Good morning.” His expression did not change. The smell of grilling bacon and brewing coffee filled the expansive kitchen. “Is the coffee ready?”

“Not yet. Which one do you want? Leaded or unleaded?”

A hint of a smile softened out the sharp angles in his face. “Leaded, please.”

She took a quick glance at the urn. “Give it a few minutes.”

Moving closer, Kennedy studied Lydia as she quickly, deftly chopped the ingredients for omelets. “Where’s Neil?”

“I told him he could sleep in late this morning.”

“He should be here working, not sleeping late.”

Lydia’s hands stilled. “I told you I gave him the morning off.”

“You have no right—”

“I have every right, Kennedy,” she said sharply, cutting him off. Turning, she stared at his thunderous expression, but refused to back down. The table of organization in the orientation packet indicated Kennedy shared equal administrative management status with Roger and Grace Evans.

“When I signed on I was told that I have absolute power to run the kitchen. And I interpreted that to mean on my terms, and that I set up my own schedule.”

Kennedy was aware that Lydia had only accepted the position if she was given total control. She was talking about absolute power as if it were a divine right.

“Just make certain he doesn’t slack off on you.”

“I don’t believe Neil Lane has a slack bone in his body. He proved that last night. He prepared everything.”

Kennedy was momentarily speechless in his surprise. “He cooked last night?”

Crossing her arms under her breasts, Lydia nodded slowly. “Everything,” she crooned, drawing out the word into four distinctive syllables.

“Damn! The dude is good.”

“Neil is better than good. He’s incredible.” She went back to dicing red, green, and yellow bell peppers. “I decided we take turns cooking last night and this morning because we won’t have a full camp until later on today.”

“What’s on tonight’s menu?”

She gave him a sidelong glance. “You’re as bad as Jeff. Do you think of anything else other than food?”

Kennedy’s lids lowered and he gave her a direct stare. “Yes, I do.”

“What?”

“You.”

Lydia hesitated in dicing for a millisecond, her heart beating a double-time rhythm. Her eyebrows lifted. “You think about me?”

Crossing his arms over his chest, Kennedy propped a hip against a counter. “Yes.”

“Why?”

“I’m curious.”

Moving to the grill, she turned over strips of bacon. “What do you want to know about me?”

He shrugged a broad shoulder under his navy blue camp shirt. “Why are you working here when you could work at any three- or four-star restaurant?”

“That’s a long story, Kennedy.”

Smiling, he angled his head. “Will it take longer than eight weeks to tell?”

It was Lydia’s turn to smile. Kennedy Fletcher was a study in contrasts—he was smooth, smooth as creamy peanut butter in his demeanor, but about as subtle as a sledgehammer in his pursuit of her.

“No,” she said softly. Straightening, he moved closer—close enough for her to feel his breath feather over the top of her ear.

“How long, Lydia?”

It took all of her resolve not to lean into him as she’d done before, because there was something about the man standing a breath away that made her feel protected, safe. And all of her life men had protected her: her father and six brothers.

The only exception was Justin. She’d dated him because he was predictable and monogamous. The physical aspect of their relationship hadn’t been extraordinary. Justin never complained, but on several occasions Lydia was left feeling unfulfilled, and whenever she broached the subject with him he blamed it on her hormones or libido. He mentioned her hormones once too often, and it was one of the deciding factors that led to her ending their relationship.

A mysterious smile curved the corners of her mouth upward. “Not long.” He leaned even closer, his warmth and scent eliciting a shiver of longing. “Probably no longer than twenty minutes.”

“You’re right. That’s not long. Where do you want to talk?”

Lydia’s hands stilled; she stared at the kaleidoscope of diced peppers on the cutting board. “You can either meet me on my porch, or we can go for a drive.”

“What if we go for a walk?”

Her head came up slowly. “Walk where?”

“Around the lake.”

She nodded. “Okay.”

“I’ll come for you around seven-thirty if that’s not too early.”

She gave him a long, penetrating look. “It’s not too early.” She’d scheduled Sunday dinner for three in the afternoon, which left her time to relax for the rest of the evening. “I want you to remember something, Kennedy.”

He blinked once. “What’s that?”

“It’s not a date.”

Kennedy successfully stopped the beginnings of what would’ve become a wide grin. “I’ll try and remember that.” He pointed at the urn of percolating coffee. “Is it ready yet?”

Lydia noticed that a button had changed from red to green. “Yes.” Reaching for a mug stacked on a shelf under a counter, she filled it with coffee. “How would you like it?”

“Black, please.”

She handed him the mug, their fingertips touching. Her body tingled from the contact. She watched him bring the steaming liquid to his mouth, watching its shape change as he took furtive sips. Waves of curiosity washed over her, and she wondered how she would react to the pressure of his mouth on hers. How would he taste? Would his kisses be gentle? Persuasive? Forceful?

For the second time in as many days she turned away from Kennedy, because she did not want him to see the lust radiating from her eyes. If there was something wrong with her hormones it was because they were at that moment raging out of control.

Kennedy savored the warmth spreading throughout his chest. He had avoided the coffee drinking habit because of its bitter aftertaste. But this cup claimed a rich fruity flavor.

“The coffee’s good,” he remarked, taking another deep swallow.

“Thank you.”

Lydia did not want to concentrate on the man sharing her kitchen, so she busied herself placing sausage links on the grill, turning on the flame under a large pot of water for grits, and placing a pan of biscuits and a tin filled with batter for miniature cranberry and blueberry muffins into an oven.

She was certain Kennedy heard her sigh the moment two adolescent boys walked in. Roger had offered to give her two counselors-in-training on a rotating basis to put out serving trays, stack dishes in the industrial dishwasher, and clean up after every meal.

Kennedy set his mug on a counter. “Thanks for the coffee.” Not waiting for Lydia’s rejoinder, he nodded to the two boys and left the kitchen.

“What do you want me to do, Miss Lydia?”

She winced at the form of address, but the camp directors insisted every adult’s name be preceded by Miss or Mr.

“You can begin putting out plates and utensils.”

Forty minutes later the serving station was filled with trays of breakfast selections ranging from grits, scrambled eggs, bacon, and sausage to waffles, fruit toppings, and sliced melon and fruit.

By the time the first person walked in, Lydia stood behind a portable stove ready to take requests for omelets.

Neil arrived in time to man the omelet station, and Lydia returned to the kitchen to begin preparations for dinner.





CHAPTER FIVE



The buses carrying the campers arrived at eleven-thirty. Wide-eyed stares mirrored their apprehension about spending the next two months away from everything and everyone familiar to them in their young lives.

Kennedy stood with Roger and Grace, welcoming each camper with a smile and a handshake. He was fascinated by the reactions of the six-year-olds. They huddled together as if close contact with one another would protect them. All wore colored wristbands identifying them by name, age group, allergies, and an emergency telephone number.

His heart went out to a little girl with a profusion of curly braids crying that she missed her mother. She wouldn’t move as the campers in her group made their way toward the dining hall where a snack awaited them. The impasse ended once her counselor picked her up and carried her. Exhausted from weeping, she laid her head on the counselor’s shoulder, stuck her thumb in her mouth, and fell asleep.

Kennedy felt a strange numbing comfort despite the telephone call from his mother. Satisfaction shimmered in his eyes. He’d waited a long time for this day. The inspiration to set up a camp for under privileged children came during a fund-raiser in Baltimore. He’d remained behind after the gathering to sign autographs, and the complaint he heard from parents was that their children had no safe place to play during their summer vacation.

Kennedy had discussed the possibility of financing a community center with his investment banker, but it was his mother, Diane, who had suggested the sleepaway camp.

His agent had called the major networks, requesting time for a press conference, announcing Kennedy Fletcher’s untimely retirement from the NFL. He left the game he loved, managed to avoid the media spotlight, and returned to college to earn a master’s and put into motion his plan for the camp. His life was back on track because one of his dreams was now a reality.

If his focus on Camp Six Nations was unshakable he was not able to make the same claim when it came to Lydia Lord. He liked her because she was a challenge, more challenging than the only woman he had believed he loved enough to sacrifice everything for. But in the end the sacrifice was unwarranted. Nila had left him.

* * *

Lydia stood with the administrative staff as Roger explained the camp’s mission to the children lining the many benches in the dining hall. She and Neil had prepared individual snack boxes filled with sliced fruit, cheese, juice, water, pudding, and stone-ground wheat crackers. Later that afternoon they would be served a traditional southern Sunday dinner with regional desserts.

“I’d like to welcome all of you to Camp Six Nations and what I know will become a wonderful summer experience. I don’t want you to think of yourselves as a group of boys and girls ranging in age from six to twelve, but as one camp, one family. And before you leave here I want all of you to think of your fellow camper as a family member.” Roger had adopted Kennedy’s slogan as the camp’s motto.

“You will be supervised by a staff whose sole mission is to help you become the best that you can be. All adults will be addressed as Mr. or Miss. Once you settle into your cabin your counselor will review the list of rules that were sent to you with your acceptance letter. I cannot stress enough that each infraction is followed by a consequence. Imagine the fun you’ll have hanging out with me listening to music from way, way back in the day when everyone else is either at an overnight campout, watching a movie, or hanging out at the campfire jamboree.”

“No!” shouted the chorus of campers as they shook their heads and slapped palms.

Roger threw back his head and laughed. “I thought not. You are encouraged to write letters to your families. Mailboxes are located around the camp and will be emptied twice a week. Mail will be distributed every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Your parents are aware they are not to send you food, so if they forget and send you snacks or candy it will be confiscated.” Murmurs and grumbling followed this announcement.

“I’m going to introduce you to some people whose responsibility it is to make certain you enjoy your summer.” Adjusting his glasses, Roger directed his attention to the table filled with camp staff.

“Miss Brianna is one of our social workers, who along with Mr. Lucas will be available if you’re having a problem with anything or anyone.” Brianna and Luke stood up and nodded. “Next is Mr. Jeff, who is our drama instructor. For those of who are interested in singing, dancing, or exploring your theatrical talents, please let your counselor know and he or she will sign you up.” Jeff rose to his feet and gestured with a flourish, then bowed from the waist. His actions elicited laughs and a round of applause.

“Camp Six Nations is very fortunate to have the next great artist with us. Miss Megan has made a name for herself as a world-famous potter and glassmaker. None of you will want to leave here without making at least one item using Miss Megan’s trademark technique.

“I suppose some of you have wondered why your camp is called Six Nations. The answer will come from our interdenominational minister, Reverend Alfonso, who is also a Choctaw shaman or holy man.

“We have experienced medical personnel, whom I hope none of you will have to visit during your stay. But in case of a few scrapes and bruises Dr. Richard and Miss Jill will be available twenty-four-seven.

“Next up are two people we must always keep happy—the cooks!”

There came thunderous rounds of applause. “Please, please, please don’t ever make Miss Lydia and Mr. Neil upset, because we don’t want them to tell us that they forgot to turn off the oven and burned the food.”

Lydia stared at Kennedy through her lashes, smiling when he winked at her.

“Last, but certainly not least,” Roger continued, “is our sports director, Mr. Ken.” He nodded to Kennedy. “I’d like for you to say a few words.”

Kennedy swung his legs over the bench and stood up. Some of the children gasped, craning their necks to look up at him as he offered them his two-hundred-watt grin.

“I’d like to welcome everyone to Camp Six Nations. You are very special because this is our first season, which means you will be responsible for establishing a tradition for next year and all those to come.

“I’ve only set one goal, and that is that everyone will learn to swim before the end of the season. Swimming is mandatory, but you will have a choice of any other sport listed in your camp folder. All sports will focus on teamwork, sportsmanship, and respect. You are here because you are special. Don’t ever forget that.”

Kennedy, his gaze fixed on Lydia, sat down to a smattering of applause. Something intense flowed through him, and he wanted to tell Lydia she was special, special enough to make him forget his promise never to become involved with another woman.

* * *

Lydia stepped out onto the porch closing the front door; then she went completely still. Kennedy lay on her recliner, eyes closed, head cradled on folded arms, while the distinctive voice of Patti LaBelle singing “If Only You Knew” came through the stereo speakers. She was hard pressed not to smile. He’d made himself at home.

She moved closer and his eyes opened. He stared up at her as if she were a complete stranger. “Enjoying yourself?”

A mysterious smile softened his mouth. “You can’t imagine how much,” he said cryptically. Sitting up, he swung his legs over the recliner and stood up. “I like the wind chime and the candles. They add a very nice touch.”

Kennedy liked the aesthetics and he liked Lydia Lord. He liked everything about her: face, body, voice, cooking ability. She claimed a refreshing femininity missing in many of the women he’d known, most of whom he’d discovered were either too vapid or too needy.

It wasn’t vanity that made him cognizant of his ability to attract the opposite sex, but the numbers escalated once he’d become a ballplayer earning eight and sometimes nine figures from an NFL contract and product endorsements.

What had set him apart from many of the young instant millionaires and made him an anomaly in the sports world was that he wasn’t a dumb jock blessed with only superior physical talent. He’d worked hard to dispel that myth, and now that Camp Six Nations was fully operational he’d become an entrepreneur.

Lydia flashed a dreamy smile. “They help me relax.”

Lowering his chin, he angled his head. “Would you prefer we talk here?”

She shook her head. “No. I’m looking forward to walking.” Sitting on her porch with Kennedy was far too tempting an offer.

His gaze moved slowly from Lydia’s face to her feet in a pair of sandals before reversing itself. She’d brushed her hair off her face and secured it in a knot on the nape of her neck. On another woman the style could be interpreted as matronly, but on her it was sleek, sophisticated. Her staid hairdo was incongruent to a magenta tank top and black slacks. An expanse of coffee-colored brown flesh was visible between the hem of her top and waistband of her hip-hugging pants.

“You look nice, Lydia.”

The heat singeing Lydia’s face swept downward like a sirocco and pooled between her thighs. It wasn’t Kennedy’s compliment that had aroused her, but the smoldering invitation in his gaze that seemly undressed her.

Why, she mused, did she feel like a girl on her first date? What was there about Kennedy Fletcher that melted her composure? His presence set her nerves on edge, heightened her sexual awareness of him, and stirred her libido.

She peered up at him through her lashes, unaware of the sensuality in the gesture. “Thank you.”

The beginnings of a smile parted his lips. “You’re welcome.” Reaching for her hand, he gave her fingers a gentle squeeze. “Are you ready?”

“Yes.”

She was ready for Kennedy and whatever they would offer each other over the summer, and more than ready for all of her tomorrows.

“Let me put out the candles first.”

Kennedy released her hand, watching as Lydia used a snuffer to extinguish the flickering flames. Within seconds the objects on the porch were shadowed in the diffused light from a setting sun. Twilight had cloaked the camp with a diaphanous veil through which the subtle colors of red, orange, blue, and gray shimmered.

Completing the task, she returned to his side and took his hand. “I’m ready now.”

Are you really ready, Lydia? he asked silently. Kennedy wanted to know if she was ready for the chase, his pursuit of her. They walked hand in hand across the meadow and down the path leading to the lake.

Camp Six Nations was settling down for the night. Lights were going out in the cabins of the younger campers, while the older ones were filing out of the barn where they’d viewed Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Ring.

“When did you decide you wanted to become a chef?” Kennedy’s sonorous voice broke the comfortable silence.

Lydia took a quick glance at his distinctive profile in the waning daylight. “I must have been four when I announced to my parents that I wanted to cook when I grew up.”

Attractive lines fanned out around Kennedy’s eyes. “You never changed your mind?”

“Nope. I grew up in the kitchen. I went from a high chair to a playpen and finally to a tall stool, watching my mother prepare three incredibly delicious meals a day for her husband and nine children.”

Kennedy stopped suddenly and Lydia would’ve lost her balance if he hadn’t caught her waist. “You’re one of nine?”

She bit back a smile. His reaction was similar to most whenever she revealed the size of her family. “I’m the youngest.”

“Are you the only girl?”

“No. I have six brothers and two sisters.”

Pulling her closer, Kennedy shook his head. “What I would’ve given to have had a brother, a sister, or both.”

Lydia, who knew nothing about the very private Kennedy Fletcher, said, “You’re an only child.” He nodded.

They continued along the path in silence as nightfall descended. A sprinkling of stars in the darkening sky was overshadowed by the brilliance of a near-full moon. Large round globes mounted on poles surrounding the lake were coming on in the encroaching darkness.

“How was it growing up with six older brothers?”

“It had its advantages.”

“Did they scare away your potential suitors?”

Lydia wanted to tell Kennedy that she hadn’t had many suitors. There was the college basketball player to whom she had given her love and innocence, and Justin Banks.

“By the time I began dating, most of my brothers were married with their own children. It was my father who’d earned a reputation as the intimidator. He scared away the paperboy who he thought was flirting with my sister Sharon.”

“Where did you grow up?”

“We lived in a farmhouse about twenty miles outside of Baltimore. Our nearest neighbor raised milk cows. How about you, Kennedy? Where did you grow up?”

“Smoky Junction, Alabama.”

Lydia’s expression brightened. “I thought I detected a southern drawl.”

“I worked very hard to get rid of my drawl.”

“Why?”

“A television network had approached my publicist because they wanted a highly visible spokesperson for an antidrug public service announcement. I went to the audition, but was rejected because it was hard to decipher some of what I was saying.”

“How did you lose it?”

“I paid a speech coach to tutor me. Six months later I recorded the announcement.”

“But isn’t that a little like denying who you are?” she asked.

Kennedy shook his head. “Who I am has nothing to do with how I look or sound. I’m still a country boy from a mill town that’s so small that if you go more than thirty miles an hour you’d see all of it in five minutes.”

“How small is it?”

“The cotton mill employs almost all of the 958 folks who live there.”

Lydia was mildly surprised by Kennedy’s reference to his being a “country boy.” Everything about him screamed big-city elegance and sophistication, and she wondered whether Kennedy’s transformation was predicated on his publicist’s desire to make his client a more marketable product.

“What are you going to do at the end of the summer, Lydia?”

“I don’t know,” she answered honestly. “I’m planning to open my own restaurant.”

“When?”

“Hopefully next spring.” She told him about the new construction site with the underground mall.

“Are you certain you’ll be able to rent the space?”

“No. But, because I submitted an application as soon as the prospectus was announced, I believe I have a good chance of securing it.”

Kennedy tightened his hold around Lydia’s waist, bringing her closer. The soft curves of her body fit perfectly against his length. She stiffened slightly, then relaxed. He smiled.

“Running your own restaurant is an enormous responsibility.”

She nodded. “I know, but I’m ready for it. I graduated from culinary school at twenty. I apprenticed in a hotel kitchen for a year, then spent the next two years in France, Italy, and Spain, learning how to cook their regional dishes.

“I came back to the States and went to work for a well-known D.C. restaurant that will remain nameless. I gave them four years. I was up for a promotion twice, and each time I was passed over. That’s when I decided no more, not at twenty-seven.”

“You quit?”

“You damn skippy I did. If I’m going to stand on my feet for hours over a hot stove, then it will be because I want to and not because someone else demands it.”

Kennedy’s mouth curved into an unconscious smile. There was just enough rebellion in Lydia to make her interesting. “I’m sorry you didn’t get your promotion, but their loss is the camp’s gain.”

The campers had cheered and exchanged high fives once they realized they were going to be served a traditional Sunday dinner reflecting the American South: Cajun, Creole, soul, and just plain country dishes.

“I like cooking for children.” Lydia gave Kennedy a sidelong glance. “Do you have any children?”

A low chuckle rumbled in his chest before he said, “No.”

“Are you certain?”

Kennedy registered a quiver in Lydia’s voice, knowing instinctively why she’d asked the question. He slowed his pace. “I’m not a monk, Lydia.”

Her delicate jaw tightened. “How can you be sure you don’t have a child somewhere that you don’t know about?”

“I am sure, Lydia,” he countered emphatically. “I’ve never slept with a woman without using protection. Now, why am I being interrogated?”

“I just don’t want to contend with baby mama drama from an ex-chicken-head groupie or video ho if I decide to go out with you.”

“I’ve never entertained groupies, hos, or chicken-heads.” His voice was heavily sarcastic.

Lydia emitted an audible sigh over the incessant sounds of crickets and frogs mingling with other nocturnal wildlife serenading the countryside. She had agreed to go for a walk with Kennedy to talk about herself, but they’d compromised. He’d been forthcoming, answering her questions with a candor she had not expected. There was more she wanted to know about him, but that would come later.

“When do you want to go out?”

Stopping under the soft golden glow of a lamppost, Kennedy pulled her into the circle of his embrace. “Are you asking me out, Miss Lord?”

She gave him a saucy grin. “Yes, I am. We only have eight weeks, so I suggest we get this party started.”

“Are you promising a party, Lydia?”

Her expression changed, sobering. “I never make promises, because I’m not certain I’ll be able to keep them.”

“Well, I do make promises,” Kennedy said. His stare drilled into her, looking for a modicum of uneasiness in her gaze. But it was apparent Lydia Lord wasn’t easily intimidated. “I promise to respect you.” His voice lowered seductively. “And I promise to show you a good time.”

Lydia found the man holding her to his heart vaguely disturbing as she tried separating Kennedy Fletcher, private citizen, from Ken Fletcher, celebrated running back. Tilting her chin, she studied his features one by one in the flattering light: a strong chin, the hollow beneath his cheekbones, and a full firm mouth that drew her gaze and lingered there.

“I like your promises.”

“Good.”

Lydia felt him coming closer although he hadn’t moved. She knew Kennedy was going to kiss her, but there was nothing she could or would do to stop him. Her lids fluttered wildly, then closed as his mouth brushed hers tentatively before he staked his claim.

Kennedy forced himself to go slow. He dropped light kisses at the corners of Lydia’s mouth as if it were a frothy confection to savor at a leisurely pace. Everything within him screamed for a release, but he managed to quell his desire for the woman in his arms. He’d promised her he would respect her—and he would. It would have to be her decision to take what they would share to another level. He deepened the kiss, his lips parting as he breathed in her moist breath and her scent.

Lydia curved her arms under Kennedy’s shoulders, holding on to him as if she were a drowning swimmer. And she was swimming, feeling the power of the undertow from his slow, addictive kisses. She’d been kissed before, but not like this.

He held her as if she were a piece of fragile porcelain, his mouth brushing hers like the gossamer touch of a butterfly’s wings. His nearness gave her comfort, the intoxicating smell of his cologne overwhelmed her, and for the first time in her life Lydia wanted to strip off her clothes and lie with a man she didn’t know and damn the consequences.

Kennedy raised his head, but did not drop his gaze as a vaguely sensuous light passed between him and Lydia.

She rested her forehead against his shoulder. “You forgot one more promise.”

His right hand moved up and down her spine in a soothing motion. “What’s that?”

“Not to seduce me.”

A deep rumbling laughter resounded in his chest. “That’s one promise I can’t make, Lydia.”

He wouldn’t promise, and Lydia did not want him to. As if on cue, they turned and retraced their steps. All of the lights in the camper cabins were out, while one light shone through the second-floor window at the main house. It was apparent everyone wanted to get enough sleep before the first full day of camp.

Lydia stopped in front of her cabin, easing her hand from Kennedy’s firm grip. “Good night.”

Kennedy nodded. “Good night, Lydia.”

He stood motionless watching as Lydia climbed the steps, opened the door leading to the porch, then the inner door and closed it softly behind her.

Walking the short distance to his own cabin, Kennedy sank down on the love seat. A jumble of confused thoughts and emotions attacked him as he recalled kissing Lydia. The instant he tasted her mouth, he realized that was what he’d wanted to do when he saw her for the first time.

He’d promised her he would respect her and that they would have fun—lots of fun.

And they would—at least for the next eight weeks.





CHAPTER SIX



Lydia had just completed the task of cutting up peaches and strawberries when a counselor with a little girl sporting a head filled with curly braids walked into the kitchen.

Keisha Middleton still had not adjusted to camp life. Kiki, as the children in her cabin called her, cried constantly, refused to eat, and would not participate in any of her scheduled activities.

The six-year-old was adorable, reminding Lydia of a doll that had become a favorite when she was a child: curly hair, flawless dark brown skin, large black eyes, and delicate features.

“Miss Lydia, Kiki hasn’t eaten anything since yesterday afternoon,” the counselor-in-training whispered.

Lydia washed her hands in a stainless steel sink, then dried them on the towel resting over her left shoulder. “Are you sure about that?”

“Yes. She didn’t eat last night, and we tried coaxing her to eat something at breakfast.”

“Leave her with me.” Nodding, the counselor walked out.

Lydia knelt on one knee. “Come, doll baby.” Keisha went into her embrace, chubby arms encircling her neck. Smiling, she asked, “Is there anything you want to eat, sweetheart?”

Tightening her hold on Lydia’s neck, Keisha whispered close to her ear, “Ice cream.”

Lydia’s eyes widened. “Is that your favorite food?” The little girl nodded. “What flavor do you like?”

“Chocolate.”

Lydia checked Keisha’s wristband for food allergies. There weren’t any. “I happen to have some chocolate ice cream.” It wasn’t the traditional ice cream Americans favored, but gelato. “I’ll give you some, but first you must eat a little something.” Resting her forehead against Keisha’s, she winked at her. “I’m going to fix you a grilled cheese sandwich with sliced fruit and a glass of milk. Okay?” The child nodded again.

She placed Keisha on a stool as Etta Mae had done with her many years before. The child was enthralled as she watched the preparations for what would become her impromptu lunch. Half an hour later, Lydia and Keisha sat at a table in the dining hall, eating chocolate hazelnut gelato drizzled with a chocolate cream sauce.

Lydia reached over and dabbed Keisha’s mouth with a paper napkin before she scrambled off the bench. “Wasn’t that good?”

Keisha stood up, clapping her hands. “It was the best!”

Dropping a kiss on the fuzzy braids, Lydia smiled, saying, “I’m glad you liked it. Now I’m going to take you back to your cabin for rest hour.”

Keisha frowned. “Do I have to go?”

“Yes, you have to.”

“But I don’t want to,” she whined.

“You must play with your new friends, Kiki. Your mommy sent you to camp to have fun. Don’t you want to learn how to swim and make a plate with your name on it?”

Keisha’s brilliant black button eyes sparkled. “Can I make a plate for you, Miss Lydia?”

Smiling, Lydia hunkered down until her head was level with Keisha’s. “I’d love for you to make a plate for me, Kiki. But I want you to start eating; otherwise you’ll be too weak or sick to make anything for me. Okay?”

A slight frown dotted the space between Keisha’s eyes as she appeared lost in thought. “Okay.”

Negotiating with young children was something she had become accustomed to, because she’d become Aunt Liddie to nearly two dozen nieces and nephews.

Neil walked into the dining hall as Lydia and Keisha prepared to leave. Lydia nodded to him. “Please finish the gelato while I take Kiki back to her cabin.”

He smiled, saluting. “No problem. I thought I’d tell you before you run into Ken. He’s on the warpath.”

Her eyebrows flickered. “Why?”

“Someone removed the bell’s clapper. He told the counselors that he expects whoever took it to leave it in the barn. But if it’s not returned before dinner, then they’ll be remanded to their cabins after dinner for the next two weeks.”

She winced. “Ouch.” Extracurricular activities included playing video games, watching movies and television, and listening to music. “What happened to Roger’s threat that they would have to listen to Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Bob Dylan, and the Doors?”

“Ken said that’s hardly punishment, because the kids might actually enjoy Roger’s music.”

“I don’t think the kids came to camp to be grounded.”

“You’re right about that.”

A faint smile of satisfaction touched Lydia’s lips as she curbed an urge to pump her fist in triumph. She’d won the bet.

“Thanks for the heads-up.”

* * *

Kennedy waited for Lydia to sit on his love seat before settling down beside her. He had slipped a note under her door asking to see her before she retired for bed. Leisurely, he stretched out his long legs, crossing his feet at the ankles.

“It’s all right if you gloat.”

A flash of confusion crossed Lydia’s face. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“You won the bet.”

As she shifted and stared at Kennedy’s grim expression, Lydia’s grin was wide enough for him to see her molars. “I tried to tell you, Kennedy. Nobody wants to be startled from their sleep by a stupid clanging bell day after day.”

Eyes narrowing and realization dawning, Kennedy peered closely at Lydia. “You knew it would happen because you’d gone to sleepaway camp,” he said accusingly.

“Not only did I go, but one year I took the clapper,” she admitted.

“You’re kidding, aren’t you?”

“Nope.”

“I just can’t imagine you shimmying up a pole.”

“Why not?”

“Because you seem so prim and proper, Miss Lord.”

“Prim and proper or female?”

Kennedy shook his head. “Don’t go there, Lydia. Being female has nothing to do with being physically challenged.”

She cupped a hand over an ear. “Do I hear another wager coming up?”

He gave Lydia a long, penetrating look. She was not only beautiful, but also competitive—a trait so apparent in his own personality, a trait he had learned to temper with age.

He crossed his arms over his chest. “Let me pay up on the first one before we bet again. Where do you want to eat?”

“You don’t have to take me out.”

“Why?”

“Because my favorite restaurant is nowhere near here.”

“Where is it?”

“Forget it, Kennedy.”

“Why?”

“Because we can’t drive there.”

“A name,” he demanded softly.

“Alfonso’s.”

Kennedy leaned closer. “Where is Alfonso’s, Lydia?” Her name came out like a caress.

“Mexico,” she said after a noticeable pause.

He lifted an eyebrow. “Where in Mexico?”

“Cabo San Lucas.”

Kennedy closed his eyes. She had selected a restaurant in a region of Baja California that had become a popular playground for those willing to pay any price for absolute privacy and anonymity.

He opened his eyes. “I’ll make good on the wager.”

Lydia shook her head. “No, Kennedy. I’m not going to hold you to the wager.”

His expression stilled and grew serious. “You can’t back out now.”

“Kennedy, I—”

“I nothing,” he interrupted quietly.

Lydia moved to stand up, but was thwarted when Kennedy’s fingers snaked around her upper arm. She lost her balance, and with her breasts heaving she landed heavily on his lap.

“I don’t want you to take me to Mexico.”

“I promise not to seduce you,” he said with a wide grin.

“Don’t flatter yourself, Kennedy,” she shot back.

“Then, that settles it. We’ll decide on a date at the end of the summer.”

A flicker of apprehension coursed through Lydia as she met Kennedy’s unwavering stare. The man was actually serious. He hadn’t known her a week, yet he wanted to take her out of the country.

“I’m not a gold digger, Kennedy, so please don’t confuse me with your other women.”

Kennedy recoiled as if Lydia had slapped him, as he attempted to control his temper. “What’s with you and the innuendoes about my involvement with other women? There are no other women.” His voice was cold, exacting.

She closed her eyes. “I don’t want to…” Her words trailed off and were swallowed up by Kennedy as he moved his mouth over hers.

Lydia’s heart lurched, her pulse pounded, the tingling in the pit of her stomach tightened until she felt herself slipping away from reality.

“Stop wiggling, darling,” Kennedy whispered against her parted lips.

Pushing against the wall of muscle, Lydia was unable to free herself. His heat eased into her thighs, her hips rocking back and forth of their own volition, setting a rhythm in a dance of desire screaming to be assuaged. The hardness pressing up against her buttocks made her aware of where she was and on whose lap she writhed.

Lydia did free herself from his marauding mouth, her breathing coming in long, deep gasps as if she’d run a grueling race. She closed her eyes and took pleasure in the strong pulsing between her legs.

“There’s a flag on the field, Kennedy.”

“For what?”

“Illegal holding.”

Smiling, he buried his face along the column of Lydia’s scented neck. “What’s the penalty?”

Easing back, she gave him a steady, penetrating stare. “A loss of two yards—offense.”

Circling her waist with both hands, Kennedy lifted her effortlessly off his lap and stood up. “That’s not much of a penalty.”

She gave him a slow, sexy smile. “That’s because the referee is in a good mood tonight.”

Kennedy’s large hand took Lydia’s face and held it gently. Lowering his head, he brushed her lips with his. “I hope I’m not penalized for attempting to influence the referee, but are you free next Sunday afternoon?”

Lydia felt an invisible magnetism pulling her to the man holding her to his heart, a pull she could not resist. She successfully masked the feelings surging through her with a deceptive calmness.

“What do you have in mind?”

“Do you like county fairs?”

Her large eyes crinkled in a smile.

“Yes, I do.”

“Will you come with me?”

Lydia stared at Kennedy staring back at her in silent expectation. She recognized vulnerability in the former superstar football player that hadn’t been there in any of their prior encounters. It was not the first time she asked herself why had he left the NFL when he was at the top of his game. What secret was he hiding from the world? Who or what had affected his life so that he was forced to give up what he’d openly professed was an obsession?

Lydia knew the answers to her silent queries could only come from the person in question—Kennedy Fletcher. She was not only intrigued by him as an athlete, but enthralled with him as the camp’s sports director.

Peering up at him through her lashes, she smiled and said softly, “Yes. I’d like very much to go with you.”

Kennedy emitted a sigh of relief. Although Lydia had agreed to go out with him, he knew she hadn’t completely let go of her distrust of athletes, and she still viewed him as a jock, although he’d left the game four years before.

Despite a few setbacks in his personal life he was where he wanted to be. He would celebrate his thirty-sixth birthday in three weeks and had accomplished much more than men twice his age. He’d amassed a fortune capitalizing on his face, body, and physical abilities. He’d invested well, well enough to live comfortably, given his current lifestyle, for the rest of his life.

He’d realized his dream of becoming a professional athlete, provided financial security for his parents, and established a sleepaway camp for children. There had been a time when he planned to marry and hopefully father children, but rejection and vindictiveness ended an impending engagement and his football career.

“Thank you, Lydia.”

Lydia smiled when she registered the drawl Kennedy had sought to lose, the cadence leisurely, sensual, and hypnotic.

“Good night, Kennedy.”

Shifting slightly, he stood behind her, lowered his head, and trailed his lips along the nape of her neck. “What are little girls made of? Sugar, spice, and everything nice.”

“…Snakes, snails, and puppy dog tails,” she said, laughing softly and reciting the popular nursery rhyme along with Kennedy. Moving out of arm’s reach, Lydia waved to him. “Good night.”

Smiling, he returned her wave. “Good night.”

Lydia descended the porch steps and headed for her cabin, feeling the heat of Kennedy’s gaze on her retreating back. She curbed the urge to turn around to see whether he was watching her. It wasn’t until she closed and locked the door behind that she was able to draw a normal breath.

Stripping off her clothes, she slipped under a sheet and lightweight blanket, her mind reliving her body’s reaction to the intimacy of Kennedy’s kiss; the harder she tried to ignore the truth, the more it persisted. She was attracted to Kennedy and her vow not to become involved with an athlete had been shattered completely.





CHAPTER SEVEN



The clapper was back several hours after it was removed allegedly by an eleven-year-old female camper. And to discourage a repeat of the incident, John Philip Souza military marches blared from speakers attached to poles around the camp alternating with the clanging of the insufferable bell.

Kennedy had established a routine of observing every counselor and staff member, monitoring their interaction with campers and supervision of their subordinates. In his role as sports director he was able to make the most of his degree in physical and recreational education.

Standing on the pier, he watched the fast-moving dark clouds in the distance. Meteorologists had predicted late afternoon thunderstorms for the region. A group of eight-year-old boys swam out to a marker before turning and swimming back to the bank. Three of the six wore life vests.

Of the one hundred boys and girls who’d been accepted for camp, more than half were unable to swim. Two weeks into the season the percentage of swimmers had increased appreciably.

Raising the whistle hanging from a chain around his neck to his mouth, Kennedy blew into it, the piercing sound stopping all movement in the water. He pointed to a counselor and made a cutting motion across his neck. Within seconds the campers were ordered out of the lake.

Reaching for a palm-size pager, he pressed a button. “Get everyone indoors.”

“Take shelter! Take shelter! Everyone take shelter!” The command boomed from the public address system. Footsteps were muffled in the carpet of grass as all of Camp Six Nations sought shelter from the impending storm.

Kennedy checked the basketball and tennis courts, making certain no one had ignored the warning. A roll of thunder shook the earth, followed by a deafening crash of lightning as he sprinted toward the dining hall. The sky darkened. It looked like midnight instead of early afternoon. Everything was shrouded in an eerie gunmetal gray seconds before the heavens opened up. Rainwater pasted Kennedy’s shirt to his upper body as he raced inside the nearest structure to escape the storm. Taking off his cap, he shook off the water.

The mood inside the dining hall was festive, a direct contrast to the dark, ominous weather outside. The brilliance of overhead track lighting, voices raised in song by Jeff Wiggins and his theatrical group, and Lydia and Neil serving steaming cups of beverages beckoned him closer.

Kennedy watched Lydia top off a mug with a froth of whipped cream. His gaze softening, he stared at the curling ends of a ponytail resting over one shoulder. She appeared slimmer, more delicate in the white T-shirt tucked into the drawstring waist of a pair of loose-fitting houndstooth… pattern pants. This was the first time he’d observed her in the dining hall without her tunic and bandana.

Neil whispered something close to her ear and she threw back her head and laughed, the sound drowned out by the campers singing a hip-hop version of “America,” with a distinctive Spanish accent.

Seeing her laugh with such abandon as she threw her head back, arching her neck, sent a quiver of desire rushing through Kennedy. He’d kissed that neck, inhaled the intoxicating fragrance clinging to the velvety skin. His gaze moved lower. The outline of a pair of small breasts was ardently displayed against the cotton T-shirt.

What was there about Lydia that made her so damn sexy in a T-shirt and baggy pants? Her face was bare and her hairstyle was better suited for an adolescent, yet despite her youthful appearance there was something fervently womanly about her. At twenty-seven she was hardly a girl, yet a girl-like vulnerability surfaced at times.

Kennedy hadn’t seen Lydia since the night he’d kissed her on his porch, not even when he took his meals in the dining hall. He’d hoped to find her on her porch at night, but each time he glanced over at her cabin he found it dark and the jalousie windows closed.

He crossed the room and came up behind her as she turned to fill a tall mug from a coffee urn. “Have you been avoiding me?”

Lydia froze. She hadn’t heard Kennedy’s approach. A slow smile parted her lips. How had she missed the scent of his cologne? “Don’t flatter yourself, Kennedy.” It was the same thing she’d said to him the night on his porch when he’d promised not to seduce her.

“Then, why is that we live fifty feet apart but don’t run into each other?”

“I don’t know. Maybe it’s because I’m the one working.”

Kennedy stared at her hair. The thick lustrous strands weren’t black but a rich dark brown with reddish highlights. He wondered what her hair would look like spread out over his pillow. The instant the thought entered his head he knew he wanted to sleep with Lydia Lord. And he did not know how he knew, but he was certain they would be good to and for each other.

“Are you calling me a slacker?”

Lydia filled the mug, then turned and stared up at Kennedy, her breath catching in her chest. He looked different. His face was darker, leaner, his cheekbones more defined. Her gaze shifted to his head. His hair was growing out. The stubble now curled over his scalp.

“No,” she said softly. “I wouldn’t know if you were slacking or not, because I would’ve been too busy to notice.”

Despite working well together, she and Neil still put in long hours. She planned menus days in advance and they prepared the next day’s entrées the night before. She was up at dawn, and usually retired for bed sixteen hours later.

“Are we still on for Sunday?” he asked.

“Yes, unless you decide to cancel.”

A slow smile parted his lips. “Never happen.”

Her smile matched his. “Good.”

His eyebrows shot up in surprise. “Good?”

Lydia nodded. “I’m really looking forward to going, because I can’t remember the last time I’ve been to a fair.”

She wanted to tell Kennedy that she was looking forward to going out with him, because he ignited a passion she did not know she had. With him she felt sexy—indisputably woman. She wanted to lose herself in his embrace, to wallow languidly under the onslaught of his kisses, and she wanted to experience why she’d been born female.

She’d come to Camp Six Nations to gain experience running her own kitchen. But if she were to become involved with Kennedy Fletcher, then that would be a bonus.

“Can I get you something, Ken?” Neil asked, wiping his hands on a towel.

“I’ll take some gelato.” The first time he’d eaten gelato he couldn’t get enough of the custard-style Italian ice cream.

Neil turned to Lydia. “Do we have any more?”

“I know there’s a pistachio, but I’m not certain about the mascarpone with toasted pine nuts or the chocolate hazelnut.”

She always made extra hazelnut because it was Keisha’s favorite. The dessert had also become a favorite with campers and counselors for their midafternoon snack, along with sliced fruit and whimsically shaped melon pieces.

“I’ll take the pistachio with those delicious little wafers,” Kennedy said.

Lydia folded her hands on her hips. “Would you like anything else, Mr. Fletcher?”

Leaning closer, Kennedy pressed his mouth to her ear. “Are you on the menu, Miss Lord?”

Her breath quickening and cheeks burning in embarrassment, Lydia glanced over at Neil, wondering whether he’d overheard Kennedy. Her fear was allayed because he was busy finishing off an iced latte, drizzling caramel over a fluff of freshly whipped cream.

Leaning against a counter she closed her eyes. Kennedy had just verbalized what she’d been feeling, what she’d felt when sitting on his lap. She opened her eyes, exhaling; she was back in control.

“Excuse me. I’ll go get your gelato.” Walking around him, she made her way toward the kitchen. From the very beginning, she’d known there was something special about Kennedy that had nothing to do with his celebrity status.

And the harder she tried to ignore the truth, the more it challenged her. She wanted Kennedy Fletcher—in and out of bed!

* * *

Lydia returned to the dining hall, placing a bowl on the table in front of Kennedy along with a small plate of paper-thin wafers filled with almond paste.

He stared up at her. “Aren’t you going to join me?”

She shook her head. “I can’t. I’m serving.” Lydia knew as soon as the rain stopped the dining hall would be filled with campers looking for their afternoon snack.

Rising to his feet, Kennedy motioned for Neil. “I want you to serve while I talk to your boss, and please bring her whatever she wants to eat or drink.”

Neil inclined his head to Lydia. “What do you want?”

She forced a smile she didn’t quite feel, because she did not want to make a scene. Kennedy’s arrival had disrupted her normal routine.

“Nothing, thank you.”

“Are you sure?” Neil asked.

“Very sure.”

Kennedy cupped her elbow. “Please sit down.”

She sat, folding her hands together on the table. “What do you want?”

Kennedy scooped up a spoonful of gelato, extending it to Lydia. “Have a taste.”

“No, thank you.”

Rising, he rounded the table and sat beside her. “You can use a few extra pounds.”

Lydia’s delicate jaw dropped, giving Kennedy the advantage he sought, as he eased the spoon into her mouth. He stared at her as she swallowed the gelato. A satisfied smile crinkled the lines fanning out around his large eyes. Slowly, deliberately, and calculatingly he put the spoon to his mouth and licked it, his gaze meeting and fusing with her shocked one.

Lowering his gaze and his voice, he drawled, “You taste wonderful.”

Lydia was grateful she was sitting because she didn’t think her shaking knees would’ve supported her quaking body if she’d been standing. The intent in Kennedy’s erotic gesture was not only blatant but also palpable. When she’d asked him what he wanted, he’d been forthcoming when he said he wanted her. He wanted her and she wanted him, and she knew it was only a matter of time before their dilemma would be resolved.

The corners of her mouth inched with a knowing smile. “There is a flag on the field, Mr. Fletcher.”

“What’s the call this time, Ms. Referee?”

Her smile widened. “Flagrant foul.”

Kennedy rolled his eyes. “And your penalty?”

“A four-day suspension.”

Kennedy stared at Lydia’s profile, a lethal calmness in his eyes. “That’s excessive.”

“I don’t want the others spreading gossip about the chef and the sports director not being able to keep their affair under wraps.”

“I didn’t know we were having an affair,” he teased.

“We’re not,” she protested softly.

Kennedy took in her solemn expression. “Not—yet,” he said in a quiet tone.

“Can we talk about something else?” There was a pulse beat of silence before she said, “I’m a little uncomfortable with public displays of affection.”

He nodded, recalling her protests about going out with athletes. Had she been involved with one who had publicly humiliated her? “I promised that I wouldn’t disrespect you. I’ve kissed you twice, and the only time I’ve ever touched you is when we danced at the Roadhouse. If you didn’t want me to kiss or touch you, then you should’ve said something at that time.”

“It’s not that I don’t like kissing you,” she said in a hushed tone, “it’s just that I don’t want everyone to know that we’re…” Her words trailed off.

“We’re not doing anything, Lydia, at least not what I’d like to do with you. But if you want us to act like strangers when we’re around the others, then so be it.”

Lydia knew Kennedy was annoyed, but at that point she didn’t care. They were over twenty-one, consenting adults, but she’d learned a hard lesson: do not flaunt your liaisons.

The sound of childish voices filled the dining hall. The rain had stopped and the campers had come for their afternoon snack. Lydia, ignoring Kennedy’s order that Neil serve the campers, excused herself and went to help her assistant.

Kennedy ate the gelato, wondering how Lydia could run hot and cold so quickly. When hot she made him burn and ache for her, but once cold her tongue lashed out, cutting like the bite of a whip. Whether hot or cold he still hadn’t uncovered why he wanted her.

* * *

Lydia felt what it meant to be bone tired. She’d been on her feet for more than twelve hours preparing trays of food for the next two days. In less than an hour it would be Sunday, her day off—a day she looked forward to spending with Kennedy, and the first time she looked forward to spending time away from the camp.

Just putting one foot in front of the other seemed like a chore as she made her way up the porch and walked into her cabin. She stripped off her clothes, leaving them in the laundry bag in a corner of the bathroom. The counselors-in-training were responsible for doing the campers’ laundry, but the staff had the option of using the machine at the main house. Lydia decided to drop hers off at a service in town, because she had no intention of spending her days off doing laundry.

Like an automaton, she brushed her teeth, showered, slipped into a nightgown, and crawled into bed. As she reached over to turn out the bedside lamp she checked her cell phone. The symbol for a voice mail message appeared on the display.

Pressing a button, she listened to the message. “Hi, kid.” She smiled. Only her brother Quintin called her that. “Vicky and I are going to pick up Tamara next week. We’re getting together at Mama’s over the July Fourth weekend to officially welcome her into the family. Call me back and let us know whether you’ll be able to join us.”

Lydia pressed the End button and made a mental note to return her brother’s call. Seven-year-old Tamara would become Quintin and Victoria’s first daughter and third adopted child in their eight-year marriage; Lydia would be Aunt Liddie to yet another niece.

Smiling, she turned off the lamp. She’d just closed her eyes when a rustling noise jolted her into awareness. Blinking in the darkness, she listened intently. There was more rustling, followed by squeaking.

Lydia sprang from the bed, racing to the door. She flung it open, straight-armed the screen door with such force that it vibrated against the frame. There was no way she was going to share her cabin with an animal—one she couldn’t see, one that could possibly be rabid. Heart beating uncontrollably, unmindful of her bare feet or state of undress, she pounded on Kennedy’s door.

“Kennedy! Open the door! Plee-eeze!”

Without warning the door opened and she lost her balance, pitching forward. A wall of solidness and the firm grip on her shoulders halted her fall. She barely had time to catch her breath when she was scooped up in Kennedy’s arms.

“There’s something in my cabin,” she gasped, trying to slow down her runaway pulse.

Kennedy shifted her slight weight. He’d thought he’d been dreaming, but once he opened his eyes he realized the person calling him was Lydia.

A fist of fear squeezed his heart. She was shaking uncontrollably. Pressing his mouth to her mussed hair, he breathed a kiss on her scalp. “What’s in your cabin, baby?”

Lydia buried her face against Kennedy’s bare chest. “An animal,” she whispered hoarsely.

“Are you certain? Did you see it?”

She shook her head. “No. But I heard it.”

Turning on his heels, he carried Lydia to his bed, lowering her to the mattress. “Stay here while I look for your animal.”

Lydia could not see Kennedy’s face, but she hadn’t missed his facetious tone. “You think I’m hallucinating, don’t you?”

“No,” he said as he turned on a lamp, flooding the room with soft, warm light. “Something could’ve gotten into your place.”

It was the second time in so many minutes that Lydia’s heart pounded in her chest as she stared at Kennedy’s beautifully proportioned nude body awash in ribbons of gold.

He bent over to pick up the jeans he’d tossed on an armchair. Her mouth went completely dry when she saw the ripple of muscles flexing sensuously under his skin.

A swath of heat swept over her, and she could not stop the soft moan escaping her parted lips. A ball of fire settled between her thighs, roaring out of control.

Reason fled, insanity taking its place. She wanted Kennedy Fletcher to take her, make love to her, and erase the memory of every man she’d ever known in and out of bed.

“Kennedy.”

He halted in zipping his jeans, turned, and stared at Lydia reclining on his bed. A knowing smile softened his mouth. His fantasy of having her in his bed and her hair spread out over his pillow had manifested itself. He lifted a questioning eyebrow.

“Yes, Lydia?”

Rising on an elbow, she reached out for him. “Don’t leave me.”

Kennedy went completely still, unable to believe what he was hearing. Lydia had come to him, trembling, her heart racing because she believed some form of wildlife had gotten into her cabin. He’d offered to go and look for it, but now she wanted him to stay. And if he stayed it would mean one thing.

Staring at her under lowered lids, he inhaled deeply. “Do you know what this means, darling?”

She nodded.

“If we make love to each other, then things cannot remain the same between us.”

She nodded again.

Slowly, deliberately he pushed his jeans down his hips, stepping out of them, his gaze never leaving her face. Her eyelids fluttered when he stood before her naked, aroused. He was ready for Lydia, had been ready from the first time he saw her. Was she ready for him? he mused.

* * *

Uneasiness swooped at Lydia’s innards, but this time it wasn’t from fright but from the realization of what she had just initiated. She did not have time to analyze her actions as Kennedy moved closer. She didn’t know whether she was trying to prove that there was nothing wrong with her libido, that she and Justin were only compatible out of bed.

Everything about the man looming over her was large, massive, and she forced her gaze not to stray to the engorged flesh pulsing between muscled thighs.

“Turn off the light. Please,” she added as he joined her on the bed.

Kennedy shook his head slowly. “No, Lydia. Not the first time. I want you to see how much pleasure you’re going to bring me.”

Her hand went to his chest, slender fingers splaying over his heart. “How can you be so certain that I will be able to satisfy you?”

A mysterious smile parted his full, firm lips as Kennedy, supporting his weight on his elbows, leaned closer. “Oh, you will, baby, because I’m not going to stop until I satisfy you.”

“I need you to do something for me.”

Dipping his head, he nuzzled her neck. “What?”

The pulse in her throat fluttered under the onslaught of his mouth, and she found it difficult to speak. “Protect me.”

Kennedy froze. He’d told Lydia he’d never slept with a woman without using a condom. Why hadn’t she believed him? “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of everything.” He successfully tempered the edge that had crept into his voice.

He reached into the nightstand drawer and grasped a condom. His gaze fusing with Lydia’s, he opened the packet and slipped the latex sheath over his arousal. She nodded, and they shared a smile.

Lydia sat up, curved her arms around Kennedy’s neck, and pulled his head down as she opened her mouth to his. With their breaths mingling, she tasted his essence. The kiss deepened along with their breathing.

Kennedy forced himself to go slow as he caught the hem of Lydia’s nightgown and eased it up over her head. He wanted her so badly that he feared spilling his passions before he could penetrate her. And his feelings for her ran too deep to take her quickly like a rutting bull in heat.

Sitting back on his heels, he surveyed her graceful, willowy body. Small, firm breasts were perched above a narrow rib cage that flowed into slender but rounded hips. Her skin was flawless, its smoothness and color calling to mind whipped chocolate mousse.

Cradling her face in his hands, he leaned closer, his tongue tracing the outline of her mouth. “You’ve been very stingy with your samples, Miss Lord. Right now I’m starving, which means I want everything on the menu. Are you ready to dine with me?”

Lydia’s cheeks warmed. She stared up at Kennedy through her lashes. A quiver of wanting surged through her veins, heating her body and her blood. Pressing her forehead to his solid shoulder, she trailed kisses over his collarbone to the base of his throat.

She laughed softly. “Do we begin with an appetizer or go directly to dessert?”

“Appetizer,” Kennedy said as he eased her down to the mattress. Anchoring his hands on Lydia’s thighs, he spread them apart as he slid down the length of the bed. Smiling up at her perplexed expression, he crooned softly, “Aren’t you going to tell me bon appetit, madam chef?”

The laughter bubbling up from the back of Lydia’s throat halted, choked off by the loud gasp of shock mingling with a rush of pleasure that paralyzed her mind and body.

She’d had two lovers and neither had put his face between her legs. His tongue throbbed a passionate message that left her writhing and gasping for escape. She bit her lip to stifle the outcry of pleasure as waves of ecstasy rolled over her with the power of the moon’s pull on the tide.

Lydia gasped, then sobbed for release as the sweetest bliss she had ever known swept her up in a tidal wave, refusing to let her go. She soared higher and higher until mindless desire hurtled her faster and faster to a sphere of no return.

Throwing back her head, she screamed, her body shaking and shuddering from the explosive spasms of a long-denied orgasm. The second followed, overlapping a third as her breath came in long, surrendering moans.

Her attempt to press her knees together was thwarted once Kennedy moved up and slowly eased his tumescence into her newly awakened flesh inch by inch until he was fully sheathed.

Burying his face between Lydia’s neck and shoulder, he groaned in erotic torture. She was so tight he feared moving, but his desire for Lydia overrode everything else in his life at that moment.

He did move, establishing a rhythm that became a raw act of possession. As he roused her passion again, his own grew stronger until he lost himself in the scented arms of a woman who unknowingly made him forsake his vow never to open his heart again to offer more than his passion.

He quickened his motions, but when he felt the familiar tightening indicating he was going to spill his passion, he slowed because he wasn’t ready to experience the exciting free fall that accompanied sexual gratification.

Not yet, and not when he hadn’t had his fill. He had come to the banquet table a man who’d been long denied food and drink. He hadn’t known he’d been waiting for someone like Lydia until the moment he saw her struggling under the weight of her luggage.

It had been her looks, then her sassiness that drew him to her. But once he tasted her mouth he was like an addict—hooked on a drug from which there was no escape or cure.

Lifting her legs, he wound them around his waist, allowing for deeper penetration. Kennedy raised his head, meeting her gaze, his near-black eyes widening as the pulse in her throat fluttered wildly. She closed her eyes against the carnality altering his features, and surrendered to a feeling of weightlessness, the tears pricking the backs of her eyelids and overflowing shamelessly down her cheeks.

When Kennedy felt Lydia’s pulsing flesh squeezing his, he knew he couldn’t prolong his own gratification any longer or his heart would explode. He grasped the hair spread out on his pillow and bellowed as passion hot and unrestrained erupted like molten lava.

He lay motionless, helpless as a newborn, waiting for his heart to resume its normal rate before he reversed their positions. His hand grazed her spine as Lydia snuggled for a more comfortable position.

He kissed her moist forehead. “Did I hurt you?”

“No,” she whispered. Her voice was low, sultry.

“Then why the tears, baby?” He’d tried to be gentle with her. When Lydia didn’t answer, Kennedy eased back and stared at her. His mouth curved into an unconscious smile. She had fallen asleep.

He covered their damp bodies with a sheet before he reached over and turned off the lamp. He lay reveling in the aftermath of the exquisite pleasure he’d found in Lydia’s scented embrace. Her smell, her passion, and the ecstasy she wrung from him were stamped on his skin, branded into his brain like a signature. He closed his eyes and sleep came stealing on whispered feet to offer him an infinite peace.





CHAPTER EIGHT



Lydia woke up startled. The side of the mattress had dipped and a solid object over her waist wouldn’t permit her movement.

“Stop wiggling, darling.”

The familiar soothing voice sent a shiver up her spine. A secret smile parted her lips when she recalled what she’d shared with Kennedy. He had proven one thing: there was nothing wrong with her libido. He had taken her to heights of passion she could not have imagined.

“What time is it?” Her voice was slightly hoarse. No light shone through the partially opened blinds.

Kennedy pulled her closer until her buttocks were pressed intimately to his groin. “It’s too early to get up.”

She lay in the darkness savoring his warmth and strength, remembering how she had come to be in Kennedy’s bed. “There’s an animal in my cabin, Kennedy.”

“There was an animal. I got up a little while ago and checked. Your wild animal was a little bird that probably got in when you held the door open. I checked all of the windows and found the screens intact.”

“Did you get him out?”

“It was too happy to fly the coop.”

“Thank you, Kennedy.”

He kissed the nape of her neck. “I want to thank you, too.”

“For what?”

“The banquet feast.”

“What?”

“You.”

A wave of heat suffused her face, her cheeks burning in remembrance. “Oh, that.”

Tightening his hold on her waist, Kennedy flipped her with a minimum of effort. She lay across his chest, her legs sandwiched between his. “Oh, that?” he repeated. “You didn’t like it?”

Resting her head on his shoulder, Lydia traced the contours of his pectorals with her forefinger. Although he no longer played pro ball, Kennedy’s body was in peak condition. It was obvious he worked out regularly.

“I loved it,” she admitted. “I thought there was something wrong with me because I never really had an orgasm.”

He went completely still. “You’re kidding.”

Lydia shook her head. “No, I’m not. I’d come close, but it was never like what I had with you. I thought maybe there was something wrong with me.”

Kennedy kissed her hair. “There’s nothing wrong with you. Whoever the clown was you were sleeping with was probably only concerned about himself.”

“I know that now.” She swallowed to relieve the dryness in her throat. “I hope I’m not getting sick.”

“Why?”

“Because my throat is a little sore.”

Kennedy laughed, the sound floating up from his chest until it was full-hearted. “You’re not getting sick. Your throat hurts because you were screaming. I never pictured you for a screamer.”

She slapped his chest with an open hand. “I never should’ve told you about my not having an orgasm.”

Kennedy’s fingers snaked around her wrist to keep her from hitting him again. “What do you think I’m going to do with that information? Tell the world? What happens between us stays between us, Lydia. I’ve never been one to kiss and tell.”

“There has been talk about you and other women.”

“What kind of talk?”

Lydia paused, not wanting to sound accusatory. “That you weren’t really into women, that you left football because some woman threatened you with a paternity suit.”

Smiling, Kennedy closed his eyes. “Don’t tell me you believe everything you read in the tabloids?”

“No, Kennedy. But you have to know that you were front-page news for months after you announced your retirement.”

“Do you want to know why I retired?”

“You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”

“Do you want to know?” he asked again.

“Yes.”

Lydia decided to be truthful. When all the network and sports channels carried the news that Kennedy Fletcher opted not to sign another contract with the Ravens, she’d taken a sudden interest in football. She’d never been an avid fan of the game, but was drawn into it whenever her father and brothers gathered in front of the television to debate plays and calls as if they were coaches and referees.

* * *

Kennedy was going to disclose something only his agent, his publicist, his parents, and three others knew. He felt he owed it to her not only because they were sleeping together, but also because his feelings for her had changed dramatically.

He opened his eyes. “I left the game for personal reasons,” he said in a low, composed tone. “Lumel McClain and I were drafted the same year, and we hooked up as roomies whenever we were on the road. During the off-season I hung out at his house and vice versa. We met this girl at a club in Dallas after a game with the Cowboys, and to say she was aggressive is an understatement. Mac liked women a little wild, so I told him to go for it.

“A year later they were married and I stood in as his best man. Mac had his ups and downs with Cassandra because if he gave her a three-carat diamond ring she complained that it was too small. She kept upping the stakes until he couldn’t keep his mind on the game.

“Meanwhile I met a woman who taught social studies at a Baltimore middle school where I’d been invited to speak to a group of young boys about career choices. I asked her out and we dated off and on for over a year. Off-season Nila and I hung out at either Mac’s or my place. The four of us became inseparable.”

“What happened, Kennedy?” Lydia asked after a pregnant pause.

“What’s the phrase, ‘familiarity breeds contempt’? Well, it came knocking with a vengeance. Mac came to me for money because a loan shark had put out a hit on him.”

“How much did he need?”

“Three hundred.”

“Three hundred dollars?”

“No, Lydia. Three hundred thousand.”

“You’re kidding.”

“I wish I was.”

“Did you give it to him?”

Kennedy nodded. “I had to. Mac had become the brother I never had, and there wasn’t anything I wouldn’t do for him. I told him he had to stop giving Cassandra everything she asked for. But the woman had his nose so wide open you could drive a freight train through it. He must have told her what I said, because she turned on me.

“All hell broke loose when she told Nila that I was sleeping with her and the baby she carried wasn’t Mac’s but mine. She told Nila this lie days before I’d planned to propose marriage.”

“Did she know you planned to marry Nila?”

“Yes. I’d shown her and Mac the ring. Nila called me and cursed me up the front and down the back. Once I got her to calm down she told me what Cassandra said about her carrying my baby. I swore I’d never touched Mac’s wife, but it was too late. She said she never wanted to see me again, that she couldn’t afford to ruin her reputation getting caught up in locker room BS.”

Lydia felt tension tightening Kennedy’s body. “There’s more, isn’t there?” she asked quietly.

“Yes.” The single word was like an echo in an empty tomb. “I went to Mac’s to confront Cassandra, but he met me at the door with a loaded shotgun. He ordered me off his property and said if I ever came near his wife again he’d kill me.

“Our last two games were home games, which meant I didn’t have to room with Mac. As we were emptying our lockers he came at me. He got off a few good licks before I ducked and he smashed his fist against the locker. He broke five bones in his hand. The team fined him and the league sanctioned him for the first three games of the upcoming season. I was in negotiations for a new contract, so I decided to quit. I knew Mac and I could never play on the same team again, because one of us would’ve wound up a murderer.”

“What happened with Cassandra?”

Kennedy smiled. “She gave birth to a son who looked exactly like his father. Mac called me, leaving a message on my answering machine that Cassandra admitted lying about having an affair and that he wanted us to meet to reconcile our differences.”

“Did you?”

“No, I never called him back. I closed up my house in Friendship Heights and relocated to Alabama to escape the media. I stayed long enough to get a master’s in physical education; then I came back to Maryland and bought a house not too far from here. I plan to spend my summers working at the camp, and next year I’ll coach football at a New Carrollton high school.”

Lydia closed her eyes and listened to the beating of Kennedy’s heart under her cheek. He’d trusted her enough to tell her what few knew about the very private ex–football player. Her heart turned over in pity. He’d lost a woman he’d loved enough to share his life with because of distrust, had become a sacrificial lamb, giving up his career for a friend—a friend so undeserving of his loyalty.

She pressed a kiss to his warm throat. “As a child I attended Sunday school, and we were required to memorize a verse of scripture a month. The one I always remembered is: Do not worry about anything, but in all your prayers ask God for what you need, always asking him with a thankful heart. It appears as if you’ve gotten what you need, Ken-nedy.”

He chuckled softly. “You’re right, Lydia. I do have what I need.” He had what he needed, but didn’t have all that he wanted. Reversing their positions, he brushed his mouth over hers. “I didn’t tell you my sordid tale to make me look like the hero and Mac the villain. There were times when Cassandra came on to me and I was flattered by the attention because she was an incredibly beautiful woman. Before I got involved with Nila I only dated models. What I should’ve done was sit Cassandra down and tell her that there could never be anything between us.”

Lydia could make out some of Kennedy’s face from the rays of the rising sun filtering through the windows. She traced the curving shape of his eyebrows with her forefinger.

“If you’d been direct with her you probably would be playing ball today.”

He smiled. “Maybe yes, maybe no. But if I was, then I probably never would’ve met you.”

“Would that have been a bad thing?”

“Oh, hell yeah. A very bad thing.” He pressed his middle against her, permitting her to feel his rising ardor. “Would you mind giving me seconds this morning?”

Raising her arms, Lydia clasped them tightly around his strong neck. “No. I don’t mind,” she whispered against his mouth.

They made love again, and this coming together was different as they took their time learning each other’s body. Kennedy’s large hands sculpted every curve of Lydia’s body, she rising off the mattress when he suckled one breast before giving the other equal attention.

Pausing to protect her from an unplanned pregnancy, he entered her so slowly she pleaded with him to end her erotic torture. Her sobs became hiccupping sighs before he finally released her from an ecstasy that held her poised on a precipice where she prayed to fall, but couldn’t. When she did fall he was there to catch her, both drowning in a flood tide of pleasure that was pure and explosive.

Lydia lay in her lover’s protective embrace, peace and contentment flowing through her. Skin to skin, heart to heart, they’d become one. She sighed and snuggled closer to the man she not only wanted, but also needed.

She knew there was something special about him from the very beginning, and the harder she tried to ignore the truth, the more it nagged at her: she was falling hard for Kennedy Fletcher.

* * *

Lydia hadn’t lingered in Kennedy’s bed Sunday morning after their leisurely session of lovemaking. She went back to her cabin, completed her morning toilette, including washing her hair before blowing and curling the ends with a large-barrel curling iron. She returned her brother’s call, confirming her attendance at his daughter’s party. She planned to drive to Baltimore Friday night, stay over Saturday, and return the following morning for the camp’s Family Reunion on Sunday.

Sunday activities were unstructured. Brunch was served between the hours of eight and eleven, and the campers were free to remain in their cabins or hang out in the barn playing board and video games. Many used the time to write letters, listen to their CD players, shoot hoops, or jump double Dutch before coming together for dinner. Sunday night movies at the playhouse had become a favorite pastime. The campers each selected a title from a listing and deposited their ballots into a box. A minor uprising ensued after the same film won for two consecutive weeks. The dilemma was remedied once the runner-up was shown.

* * *

Lydia stood in the middle of the living room at Kennedy’s vacation hideaway, awed by the cathedral ceiling, the Palladian windows and skylights bringing the rugged mountain landscape indoors, and the eclectic furnishings. The four-bedroom structure overlooked a lake in a gated subdivision less than ten miles from the campsite. Each structure was set an acre apart, ensuring total privacy from its nearest neighbor.

Crossing the terra-cotta floor, she stopped in front of a massive stone fireplace spanning more than half of a field-stone wall and peered at the photographs lining the mantel. There was one of a youthful Kennedy with a man and woman whom she assumed were his parents, several of him posing with a U.S. Olympic-gold-medal-winning relay team, and another with his high school football team. Missing were those depicting him as a Baltimore Raven. She felt Kennedy’s warmth as he came behind her, wrapped an arm around her waist, pulling her against his chest.

She pointed to the photograph of him with his parents. “How old were you in this picture?”

“Twelve.”

“Were you spoiled rotten?”

He chucked softly. “No. My mother did not believe in spare the rod and spoil the child.”

“How about your dad?”

“He’s a pussycat.”

Lydia smiled at him over her shoulder. “He sounds like my father.” Kennedy tunneled a hand through her hair, his fingers massaging her scalp. She shivered noticeably. “What are you doing, Kennedy?”

He nuzzled the side her neck. “Nothing,” he whispered.

The arm around her waist inched up and Lydia closed her eyes, swallowing an erotic moan. “Don’t. Please.”

His hand closed over a breast. “Don’t what, darling?”

“We can’t,” she gasped through parted lips. The area between her thighs thrummed an erotic rhythm that made her go pliant against Kennedy’s body.

“Yes, we can, baby.”

Lydia wanted him, needed him so badly that she clamped her jaw tightly to keep from blurting out her consent. They’d made love twice in less than twenty-four hours, and whenever she moved, there were muscles that reminded her of the unaccustomed activity.

“I can’t now. You’re going to have to give me a few more days to recuperate.”

Kennedy’s hands stilled. “I asked you if I’d hurt you and you said no.”

Shifting in his loose embrace, Lydia saw his agonized expression. “You didn’t hurt me. It’s just that there are a few muscles that were put through a rigorous workout that hadn’t been tested before.”

Cradling her face in his hands, Kennedy lowered his head, his lips brushing against hers. “I won’t touch you again until you’re feeling better.” He kissed her again. “Are you ready to leave?”

Nodding, she laid her head on his shoulder, her arms circling his trim waist. “I can see why you live here. It’s so quiet, peaceful.”

Kennedy pressed a kiss on her scalp. “I love it here and…” He stopped short of admitting that he loved her. There was nothing about Lydia he did not love: her femininity, passion, beauty, intelligence, talent, and selflessness. She worked long hours and had voluntarily forgone a salary in order to give two less fortunate children an extraordinary summer experience.

“I think we’d better get going before we have to wait in long lines to get on some of the rides,” he continued smoothly.

Tilting her chin, Lydia smiled at him staring down at her. “You go for the rides?”

He returned her smile. “Of course. Don’t you?”

“Of course not. I love sampling the jellies, jams, and pies.”

Winking at her, he crooned, “Spoken like a true food connoisseur.” He kissed her hair again, inhaling the lingering scent of a floral shampoo. “I like seeing your hair loose.” His voice had dropped an octave to a seductive whisper.

Lydia wound a bouncy curl around her finger. “I wear it up so much that I’m considering cutting it in a very short style.”

“Please don’t cut it.”

“Why not?”

“I love seeing your hair spread out over the pillow whenever I make love to you.”

She closed her eyes to shut out his erotic stare. “You find that a turn-on?”

“No,” Kennedy replied quietly. “I find you a turn-on. Everything about you turns me on. Sleeping with you has turned me into a sex machine.”

“You’d better slow down, old man, or you’ll find yourself popping Viagra or Levitra before you’re forty.”

“I doubt that. I’m hornier now than I was at sixteen.”

Lydia opened her eyes and kissed his clean-shaven cheek. “How old are you?”

“I’ll turn thirty-six next month.”

“On what day?” she asked.

He flashed a slow, sensual smile, running a finger down the length of her nose. “No prying, sweetheart.”

“Why is it a secret?”

“It’s not a secret. But if you’re predicting my well is going to dry up before I’m forty, then I’d better get busy now trying to produce a few little Fletchers.”

Lydia rolled her eyes while sucking her teeth. “You don’t even know if you can father a child.”

He regarded her intently. “You’re right. But you can help me find out whether I can or can’t.”

Lydia, caught off guard by the passion in his voice, said, “You must be crazy, Kennedy Fletcher. “I don’t want a child. Not when I’m planning to start my own business.”

“So, you’d rather sacrifice marriage and motherhood for a career?”

“Wouldn’t you, Kennedy?” she countered. “Would you have given up football if your wife asked you to?”

“I don’t know. I suppose I would’ve had to consider the circumstances.”

Lydia glared at him. “You quit the game because of a friend, yet it would depend on the circumstances if your wife had asked.”

His expression became a mask of stone. “I quit because I didn’t want to spend the rest of my life in a six-by-eight prison cell. I let Mac hit me because I knew what he was going through with Cassandra. But I wasn’t about to take another ass-whipping from him on or off the gridiron.”

Lydia felt herself retreating from Kennedy. There was a primal look in his eyes that communicated he could be quite dangerous when crossed, and no doubt a formidable enemy. The comfortable camaraderie between them disappeared, replaced by tension and uneasiness.





CHAPTER NINE



Lydia burrowed against Kennedy’s chest, her hair whipping around her face, as the roller coaster careened like a runaway freight train.

“This is not a kiddie ride,” she shouted, to be heard over the grinding and clacking of the gears propelling the cars up, down, and around the winding track.

“Come on, Lydia, don’t be such a baby.”

Raising her head, she glared at him. “But you call me baby.”

“When?” The word was snatched from his lips as the car lurched sideways around a sharp turn.

“When we were in bed together. You said, ‘Yeah, baby. Give it to me good, baby. Oh, oh, yes, baby girl.’”

Chuckling, Kennedy pulled Lydia closer. “That’s different. And I totally disavow anything said in the throes of passion.”

“It’s too late to offer a disclaimer, Love Daddy,” she teased. Lydia was able to relax as the roller coaster slowed before coming to a complete stop. “No more rides, Kennedy.”

He hopped nimbly out of the car, then reached for Lydia, setting her on her feet. “Just one more. Please,” he added when she closed her eyes and turned away from him. “You said you wanted to ride before you ate anything.”

Lydia had declared an unspoken truce with Kennedy. Their earlier confrontation behind them, she decided she was going to enjoy herself. She affected a pout. “Which one?”

The fair advertised as the largest in western Maryland was spread out over ten acres. The area set aside for parking was nearly filled to capacity. Vendors had set up booths, offering everything from clothes, household appliances, and pottery to electronic equipment.

A sea of tents, housing everything from farm animals raised by young children under the auspices of the 4-H Club to contests for chili and barbecue cook-offs and pie-eating contests. The tent featuring bingo overflowed with senior citizens who complained vehemently that the caller was too fast and they couldn’t distinguish his B from G.

Kennedy curved an arm around Lydia’s waist. “The Ferris wheel, baby.” He’d crooned his plea.

“Don’t even go there,” she chided, rolling her eyes at him.

“I don’t want you to think you’re only my baby when we’re making love.”

Lydia shook her head. “What am I going to do with you?”

Kennedy looked at her and the message she read in his eyes was obvious. She tried ignoring the tingling in the pit of her stomach.

Without warning his expression changed until she did not recognize him as the sensual, easygoing man who with a single glance made her crave him.

“I don’t know, Lydia. That’s something you’re going to have to figure out for yourself.”

A jumble of confusing thoughts and emotions assailed her as she tried analyzing his cryptic statement. A cautious voice whispered to her to let the subject drop. Two weeks ago she would’ve goaded Kennedy into saying exactly what was on his mind, but she’d changed, matured. If she wanted to succeed in business, then she had to learn to play the game of give and take. This was one time when she would concede.

“Let’s go before the line for the Ferris wheel gets too long.”

Kennedy had expected Lydia to challenge him because he’d recognized a particular look in her eyes that always preceded her lashing him with the whip she called a tongue. He didn’t know what had brought on the change, but he preferred her soft and purring instead of spitting and snarling.

Reaching for her hand, he led her in the direction of the towering wheel ablaze with colorful flashing lights against the darkening sky.

* * *

The noise level escalated with the approach of nightfall. Adolescents and young adults looking for a good time replaced older couples and mothers with young children. A uniformed officer stationed at the beer tent checked the IDs of everyone, regardless of their age. Lydia and Kennedy strolled arm in arm, sipping the ice-cold brew from plastic cups to counter the lingering taste of a chili-rubbed barbecued brisket.

A woman of indeterminate age waved to them, the many colorful bracelets lining her arms jangling musically. Her swarthy complexion, long black hair, and colorful blouse and skirt blatantly screamed Gypsy. Lydia had encountered many of them during her stay in Europe.

“Come, children. Let Mariska tell you your future.” Her large black eyes surveyed them in one sweeping glance. “You pay for one and I will give you two fortunes.”

Kennedy looked at Lydia. “Do you want to know your future?”

She moved closer to him. “How do you know she isn’t a fake?”

“The only way you’re going to know is to go into the tent with her.”

Lydia had never had her palm or tarot cards read. “I’ll go in, but only if you’ll do it, too.”

Kennedy smiled at Mariska. “Can we do it together?”

“No! Mariska will read the lady, then you.” She held out a hand. Her curved fingernails looked like bird talons. “Pay first.”

Kennedy shook his head. “I’ll pay when you finish with both of us.”

Mariska shot him a baleful look, then motioned for Lydia to come into the tent. She pointed to a chair pushed under a card table covered with a garish cloth in shocking colors of red and pink.

“Sit down and give me your hand.”

Lydia obeyed. Mariska made clucking sounds with her tongue as she stared at Lydia’s palm. “You have a nice hand.” Her fingernail traced the line closest to her thumb. “You will live to be a very old lady.” She pointed to another line. “You work very hard. Why do you work so hard when you will always have money?”

Lydia lifted her eyebrows, but did not interrupt as the fortune-teller shook her head from side to side. “I see two men in your life—one who will come to love you very much and one who will pretend to love you.” She paused, squinting. “I see children. Two. Maybe three. Do not move!” she snapped when Lydia attempted to extract her hand.

“I see confusion, lots of confusion, and some disappointment. You will cry. You will smile.” She released her hand. “Now, you can ask Mariska one question.”

Lydia clasped her hands together, mentally replaying the fortune-teller’s predictions. There weren’t two men in her life. Her sleeping with Kennedy did not qualify as someone who was in her life. Justin Banks was now a nonentity, which meant the men had to be in her future. Mariska’s reference to hard work meant that she would eventually run her own restaurant—one that would prove profitable. She also saw children in her future. Whose children would she bear? Whom would she marry? Could she successfully balance motherhood and her career?

Deep in thought, she chewed her lower lip. Exhaling, she focused her gaze on the woman opposite her. “The two men in my life—how will I know which one to choose?”

Mariska gave her a narrow look. “They will tell you that they love you, but you must look behind the eyes to see the truth.”

Lydia sat up straighter. “How do I look behind someone’s eyes?”

“That is two questions. I am finished with you. Send in your friend.”

She stared at the woman in shock. She’d been summarily dismissed. Rising, Lydia pushed back her chair and walked out of the tent. “You’re next,” she said to Kennedy, who stood at a nearby booth tossing a basketball into a net affixed to a board.

Kennedy tossed the last ball into the net. Leaning over, he kissed Lydia’s cheek. “Pick out whatever you want.” Plush toys, large and small, were suspended from hooks around the small booth. He winked at her. “Don’t run away,” he teased as he turned to walk into the tent.

Kennedy sat down opposite Mariska, a slight smile curving his mouth. He didn’t need a fortune-teller to tell him what lay in his future.

“Your hand,” Mariska demanded. Kennedy extended his hand. She held it, staring intently, before her head came up slowly. “You have money and health, but no love in your life.” Her gaze returned to his upturned palm. “You take women because you do not want to be alone. I see an older man crying for you.” She let go of his hand. “Ask Mariska one question.”

Kennedy knew who the older man was: his father. His NFL contract had made him wealthy, and shrewd investments had more than doubled his net worth.

He had slept with women to pass the time, to provide temporary companionship. But that was his past. Now that he’d met and slept with Lydia he wanted her to be the last woman in his life.

“There is a woman now,” he began slowly, “and I need to know if we will have a future together.”

Mariska smiled. “Your feelings for this woman are different from the others. You can have her, but it will not be easy. You must be willing to fight for her.”

Kennedy leaned forward. “Fight how?”

“No more questions.” The hand with the clawlike fingers grazed his T-shirt. “Pay me.”

Shifting and reaching into the pocket of his jeans, Kennedy withdrew a fifty-dollar bill and placed it in Mariska’s hand. “Thank you.” As he pushed back his chair, her fingers curled around his wrist.

“You will get her if you do not let anything or anyone stop you.”

Kennedy gave her a long, penetrating stare before shaking off her grip. “Nothing can stop me.” Standing, he walked out.

Smiling, Mariska pushed the bill into a deep pocket of her long skirt. The handsome young man had paid full price despite her offering him two for the price of one.

“Young fools,” she whispered angrily. “So young and so blind to the truth.”

* * *

Kennedy couldn’t help smiling when he spied Lydia holding a small white teddy bear with its arms extended over its head. The bear was clad in a black-and-white-striped shirt with a white cap. She’d chosen a football referee.

“And the extra point is good,” she drawled with a wide grin. “He’s so cute.”

Curving an arm around Lydia’s waist, he pulled her to his side, smiling. “He’s not as cute as you.”

She wrinkled her nose at him. “That’s because you’re biased.”

Kennedy nodded, his smile in place. “Hell yeah.”

He led her down a path lined on both sides with booths filled with stuffed animals as prizes for games of chance that usually did not favor the player.

“How did you like Madame Mariska?” he asked Lydia.

“She was okay.”

“Just okay?”

“Yes.”

Lydia did not want to talk about the fortune-teller’s prediction. She knew without a doubt that Kennedy wasn’t one of the two so-called two men in her life. Even before Mariska’s prediction, she had asked herself whether she wanted Kennedy Fletcher to become the last man in her life, or was he just passing through? Would their affair become just that—an affair? Or would it end like thousands of others—a summer romance?

The doubts tumbled over themselves in her head. Despite her protests to the contrary, did she really want to marry? Was she willing to sacrifice bearing children to further her career? Could she successfully manage both—motherhood and a restaurant?

The questions bombarded her until she wanted to scream at the top of her lungs to the two men in her future, Who are you? Please reveal yourselves.

A crowd surrounding a large DUNK THE CLOWN sign pulled Lydia from her reverie. A man dressed as a clown sat on a perch leering and gesturing to those staring at him to try and hit a bell with a hardball for a dollar a throw.

“Who’s next?” a barker chanted over and over. “Mr. Giggles has been sitting in his chair for the past two hours, and right about now he needs a bath. All it takes is a dollar. Just one dollar to sink the clown and you’ll have the pick of any prize on the shelf.”

Lydia handed Kennedy her bear. “Please give the man a dollar.”

He stared, complete surprise on his face. “There’s no way you’re going to hit that bell from here.” The bell was at least twenty feet from a white spray-painted line on the grass.

“Give me the dollar, or I’ll ask another man for it,” she said between her teeth. At his urging, she’d left her purse back at his house.

Cursing softly under his breath, Kennedy reached into his jeans, pulled out a dollar, and handed it to the barker. He, along with all of the others, held his breath, watching Lydia as she stepped behind the white line and took aim at the bell above Mr. Giggles’s head.

She cradled the ball to her chest before going into a windup. Seconds later the missile whizzed by, hitting its target dead center. A loud roar ripped through the air as the clown went down into the shallow pool. The toes of his large yellow shoes wiggled like fishes out of water.

“She did it, Daddy!” screamed a little girl as she jumped up and down.

Lydia flashed a triumphant grin, while pumping her fists above her head. She turned to the child. “Which prize do you want?”

Large blue eyes regarded her. “I want the dolly with the red dress.”

“Give the child her doll,” Lydia ordered the barker.

The barker took the doll off the shelf as a soaked Mr. Giggles climbed back onto his chair to wait to be dunked again.

Lydia walked over to Kennedy with an exaggerated swagger. “Thought I couldn’t do it, didn’t ya!”

There was no expression on his face. “Where did you learn to throw like that?”

Looping her arm through his, she tilted her chin. “Whenever my family gets together for our annual Memorial Day reunion we always have a baseball competition with the girls against the guys. I’m always the pitcher for the Lord ladies. This year I pitched my first no-hitter. If I’d known my male relatives were going to spend the rest of the weekend pouting I would’ve deliberately given up one hit.”

Dipping his head, Kennedy brushed his mouth over hers. “That’s for giving that little girl your prize for dunking Mr. Giggles.”

“One thing I don’t need is another doll or stuffed animal to add the ones I’ve packed away in a steamer trunk.”

“Are you going to pack away your referee bear?”

She shook her head. “No. I’ll leave him out as a reminder of my summer at Camp Six Nations.”

Kennedy angled his head. “You cook, throw a wicked curve ball, and climb poles. What else are you hiding from me?”

Shrugging her shoulders under the crisp fabric of a man-tailored white shirt, she said, “Nothing.”

“Do you swim?” She nodded. “Canoe?” She nodded again. “Sing?”

“Oh no. When musical genes were being handed out I missed that boat.”

“Speaking of music. The band over there sounds pretty good.”

Listening intently, she recognized the piece they were playing, bobbing her head in time to the upbeat tune. “Let’s see if we can’t get closer.”

They approached an area where a local band entertained a modest crowd with a repertoire of pop, country, and R&B favorites. Several couples had formed lines for the electric slide. Kennedy and Lydia were swept along with the others as they dipped, turned, and snapped their fingers. The lead singer segued into the updated cha-cha slide, and many dropped out, leaving those familiar with the steps to follow the calls.

Clutching her bear tightly, Lydia surrendered to the rollicking tempo. She’d danced more since coming to Camp Six Nations than she had in years, relying on her younger nieces and nephews who kept her up to date with the latest dance moves.

She shot a sidelong glance at Kennedy, who appeared to be caught up in his musical flight of fancy. For a man who exceeded six feet and two hundred pounds, he was as graceful as a professional dancer.

The band slowed the tempo, singing the past hit of The Dixie Chicks’ reprise of Fleetwood Mac’s “Landslide.” Lydia peered up at Kennedy as he mouthed the words to Kenny Chesney’s “Superstar.” He waved his hand in the air and sang, “My Town,” Montgomery Gentry’s former number-one blockbuster hit.

Lydia fell in step with Kennedy as they made their way to the parking area. “How do you know those songs?”

He gave her hand a gentle squeeze. “I told you I’m a country boy. Every once in a while I mix my BET with CMT.”

“Country and hip-hop?”

“Don’t knock it until you try it, darling.” His inflection was unadulterated Deep South.

Using the key chain remote, Kennedy unlocked the doors and helped Lydia into the Range Rover before placing her bear in the cargo area with a stack of handmade quilts and a case of homemade preserves and jellies. He rounded the vehicle and sat down behind the wheel, starting the engine with a flick of his wrist.

He waited in a long line of traffic before he was able to maneuver out of the parking lot and onto a local road. Then there was only the slip-slapping sound of the tires on the roadway.

I see an older man crying for you.

It’s your father who’s not doing so good.

His mother’s words overlapped Mariska’s. It had been two weeks since Diane’s call and during that time Marvin Kennedy had not contacted him. The prognosis that he would not survive another year unless he underwent a second kidney transplant nagged at Kennedy.

He did not know whether he would be a compatible match, but the percentages were more than likely good because he was Marvin’s only child. Glancing at his watch, he noted the time. It was ten o’clock in Smoky Junction.

He stared out the windshield, a look of determination on his face. He knew Marvin wouldn’t call him, so it would be up to him to make the first overture.





CHAPTER TEN



Kennedy stood in front of a wall of glass overlooking the patio, a cordless phone pressed to his ear, listening for a break in the connection. Apprehension and frustration dogged him.

He was apprehensive because he feared losing a woman he had fallen in love with, a woman with whom he wanted to share his life and his future.

And his frustration stemmed from a man with whom he shared a bloodline, a man staring death in the face in less than a year if he did not get a much-needed kidney transplant.

Lydia fell asleep before they arrived home. She hadn’t stirred even when he’d carried her into the house, undressed her, and put her into bed. He’d stood there, watching her sleep, while the image of her thick dark hair flowing in graceful curves over her shoulders, generously parted lips, and delicately carved facial features that made her appear feminine and fragile was imprinted on his brain.

At first he’d thought her pull was merely physical, but after spending the day with her, Kennedy knew it went beyond anything they’d shared in bed.

As the phone on the other end rang, his thoughts shifted back to his father. He did not love Marvin, nor did he hate him, because he regarded him as a stranger.

“Hello,” came a familiar voice through the earpiece.

His stepfather had answered the phone.

“Hi, Dad. How’s it going?”

“Everything’s good. If you’re calling to talk to Diane, then you’re going to have to call her tomorrow. She’s out bowling with her girlfriends.”

Kennedy smiled. He was glad his mother was out enjoying herself instead of moping around the house worrying about Marvin. “I just called to say hello,” he half lied. He wanted Diane to give him Marvin’s number.

He lingered on the phone. He and Philip talked about baseball standings and the older man’s golf handicap, and Kennedy brought Philip up to date on the activities at Camp Six Nations. He hung up after a promise from Philip to let Diane know he’d called.

He replaced the telephone in its cradle and made his way toward the staircase leading to the master bedroom and Lydia.

* * *

“Where the hell have you been?”

The rosy feeling of love and loving faded with the acerbic question. Lydia glanced over her shoulder, not certain to whom Neil had spoken.

Realizing they were the only ones in the kitchen, she folded her hands on her hips as an expression of disbelief froze her features. “Say what?” The what exploded from her mouth like a torpedo.

The flush suffusing Neil’s face receded, returning to its normal pallor with Lydia’s defensive stance. He lowered his head and stared at the toe of his shoes. “I’m sorry I came at you like that,” he apologized.

“Why?” she snapped, still smarting from his unorthodox greeting.

His head came up. “You haven’t heard?”

“Heard what, Neil?”

“Last night’s dinner was a complete disaster. Well, not all of it.”

Two deep lines of worry appeared between Lydia’s eyes. “What are you talking about? We prepared everything in advance. All you had to do was put the trays in the oven.”

Neil’s gaze darted nervously back and forth as he focused on a pot hanging from an overhead rack. “Something went wrong.”

Lydia shook her head slowly. “Don’t tell me you burned the food.”

Running a hand over his spiked hair, the assistant chef bit down on his lower lip, nodding. “The chicken, ham, macaroni and cheese, and corn bread were unsalvageable.”

Now Lydia knew why instructors and executive chefs threw tantrums whenever a chef overcooked a dish. Undercooked was salvageable, burnt wasn’t.

And at that moment she wanted to scream, curse, and throw something. If Neil had worked for her she knew she would’ve fired him on the spot. She’d stood on her feet for eight hours without taking a break to prepare Sunday dinner, and it probably took less than an hour to ruin it.

She lowered her hands. “Didn’t you check the thermostat?”

“I thought I had.”

“You can’t think, Neil,” Lydia admonished tersely. “You have to know.”

“I can’t even think straight right now. I’d called my wife and asked her to bring the kids to camp for Family Reunion Sunday. She said no, because bringing the children would mean seeing me. And she doesn’t want to see me again until we meet either in her lawyer’s office or in divorce court.” His eyes blazed with sudden anger. “She has no right to keep my children from me.”

Lydia chewed the inside of her lower lip. She did not want to become a participant in Neil’s marital dilemma, nor did she want to work with someone who was currently an emotional basket case. She needed dependability and stability.

“What do you want to do, Neil?”

A muscle quivered at his jaw. “What do you mean?”

“You can leave and handle your business, or you can stay here and do the job you were hired to do. You’re a very talented and competent chef, which means I shouldn’t have to supervise you twenty-four-seven. I understand you have personal problems, we all do, but I’m not going to turn into Dr. Phil and hold your hand whenever you have an emotional meltdown.

“I’ve accepted the responsibility of running this kitchen, and that is something I will do either with you or by myself. Let me know what you intend to do before I close down the kitchen tonight.”

Not waiting for a comeback from Neil, Lydia turned on her heel, walked out of the kitchen and dining hall, and into the blinding sunlight. She didn’t see the tall figure in front of her as she collided against an immovable object.

A pair of strong hands caught her upper arms, steadying her. “Careful, darling.”

“I’m sorry, Kennedy. I didn’t see you with the sun in my eyes.”

He dropped his hands, smiling. “That’s all right. I was just coming to see you.”

“I suppose it’s about Neil and last night’s dinner.”

Kennedy’s smile faded as he stared at Lydia’s scowling expression. “He told you?”

“Yes, he did.” She threw up both hands. “I don’t understand what went wrong. I’d prepared everything in advance, which meant all he had to do was heat the food. There is nothing complicated about turning on an oven, checking the temperature, putting trays on a rack, and closing the door. I’m a chef, Kennedy, not a babysitter.”

Kennedy heard the frustration and pain in her voice. He and Lydia had returned to the camp before dawn and retreated to their respective cabins. He’d gotten a call from Roger at six-thirty, asking to see him.

Easygoing, laid-back Roger Evans strung together four-letter words Kennedy hadn’t thought possible when he related Sunday afternoon’s dining catastrophe. After Neil announced he’d burned the food, the campers’ silence was eerily frightening. One child began crying that he was hungry, then the others joined in chanting, “We want food.” Roger and Grace remedied the impending insurrection once they called a local restaurant to order enough pizzas and other side dishes to feed 125 people.

“It’s all right, Lydia.” Kennedy’s voice was soft, comforting.

“It’s not all right,” she shot back. “What’s going to happen Saturday?”

“What about Saturday?”

“I have to go home.”

“Is everything all right?”

She nodded and offered a smile she did not feel at that moment. “Yes. My brother just adopted a young girl, and everyone’s getting together to welcome her into the family.”

Kennedy experienced a rush of envy. While Lydia had her brothers, sisters, nieces, and nephews—a large extended family that gathered for holidays and special occasions—he only had his mother and stepfather. There was no sister, brother, grandparents, aunts, or uncles. He did claim a few cousins on Marvin’s side of the family, but he’d never met them.

“Will you be back in time for Family Reunion Sunday?”

“I’m coming back late Saturday night. Right now I don’t trust Neil to handle the kitchen with guests coming.” She’d changed her original plan to return early Sunday morning.

“Why not?”

Lydia paused, choosing her words carefully. She was Neil’s direct supervisor, not Kennedy. “He’s got a few things on his mind he needs to straighten out.”

Kennedy lifted a questioning eyebrow. “And if he doesn’t?”

“Then I’ll handle it.”

“How, Lydia?”

“In my time, and in my own way, Kennedy,” she added defiantly.

Their gazes met, fused, a tension vibrating between them like static electricity. The seconds ticked off. “Just make certain you do. Everyone is allowed only one fumble in my game,” Kennedy warned in a dangerously soft tone. A lethal calmness filled his eyes before his lids came down.

Lydia blinked once, then stared at Kennedy’s broad shoulders as he turned and walked away. She was in the same position even after he’d disappeared over a rise.

Why did he seek to undermine her authority with Neil? Did he not believe she could successfully supervise her assistant? Were his doubts based on her age? Gender? And what did he mean about his game? He’d talked as if he were lord and master of Camp Six Nations. Wasn’t he, she thought, a summer employee like herself—or was he something more than he represented? The camp season was nearing its halfway mark, which meant she had a little more than four weeks to uncover who the real Kennedy Fletcher was.

The instant she turned to go back to the dining hall, she vacillated. She really did not want to know Kennedy that well, because once the camp season ended she wanted no shadows across her heart. The fortune-teller had predicted she would have two men in her life vying for her love, and one thing she knew was that the camp’s sports director would not be one of them.

* * *

It was Monday; the food theme was Mediterranean. Lydia had excluded Italy because she devoted one night entirely to Italian cuisine. This Monday her entrées included Moroccan couscous with lamb and seven vegetables; rice pilaf; assorted lamb kebabs with marinades from Greece, Turkey, and Tunisia; beef and okra stew from Egypt; Greek-style roast chicken with oregano and lemon; and another chicken entrée from Lebanon, roast chicken with rice stuffing. Soup selections included lentil, lamb, and bean and meatball, which were the perfect complement for Neil’s sesame bread rings.

Closing her menu book, she glanced over at Neil, who was engrossed in preparing the dough mixture for the bread rings. “How do you feel about me making sanbusak to go along with the spinach pie for appetizers?”

Neil shut off the industrial mixer. “Please translate.” He’d found himself asking her to translate the names of the foreign dishes quite a few times since becoming Lydia’s assistant.

Lydia, deciding not to dwell on Neil’s shortcomings, smiled at him. Although she’d never burned a dish, she had made enough mistakes as a student and an apprentice to elicit the wrath of her instructors and bosses.

“Little pastries filled with cheese or meat.”

Neil’s interest was piqued once he heard “pastries.” “What kind of cheese and meat?”

“Feta and minced lamb. The feta is blended with eggs, fresh or chopped mint, and white pepper. The meat is mixed with olive oil, finely chopped onions, cinnamon, allspice, toasted pine nuts, and freshly ground salt and pepper.”

“Baked or fried?”

“The cheese is usually baked and sprinkled with sesame seeds, and the meat-filled pastries are deep-fried.”

Neil, always open to trying a new dish, nodded. “Let’s do it.”

“You’re going to have to mix another batch of dough without the yeast.”

Closing the distance between them, Neil extended his little finger. “Wanna bet the kids call the sanbusaks beef patties?”

Lydia shook her head. “No, because I know they are.” She and Neil had made miniature Jamaican beef patties for Caribbean night and they disappeared so quickly she thought everyone had inhaled them.

Lydia had taken a huge risk presenting the camp with her regional dishes, aware that most people usually ate what was most familiar to them. However, her proposal was successful because the campers always came to the dining room ravenous. And because presentation was a key component in cooking, she made certain all of the dishes were appealing.

She’d learned to gauge how much of each entrée and side dish was needed to feed one hundred children and twenty-five adults, and most nights there were little or no leftovers. Glancing at the clock on the far wall, she noted the time. It was time to put the meats in the oven. She loaded the chickens on several spits, leaving them for Neil to secure on the rotisserie.

Lydia turned her attention to a large uncovered bowl. Tabouli, a Mediterranean salad made with bulghur, tomatoes, fresh herbs, and lemon juice, had become an instant favorite. Several times a week she’d found a note taped to the kitchen door: Miss Lydia, please make the salad with the little bumps. They weren’t familiar with bulghur.

She’d honored their requests and planned to make tabouli, gelato, melon and fresh fruit cut into funny shapes, low-fat ice-cream sandwiches, sodas, sundaes, and parfaits until the camp season ended.

* * *

The door leading into the kitchen opened slightly and a kitchen assistant leaned in. “Miss Lydia, you’re wanted in the dining room.”

Lydia smothered a sigh. She wanted to finish the task of cutting up the meats and vegetables for the following night’s Chinese theme.

“Who wants me?”

“Mr. Roger.”

“Tell him I’ll be right out.”

Moving over to the stainless steel sink, she rinsed her hands, dried them on the towel slung over her shoulder, and walked out of the kitchen to find everyone standing. Within seconds they launched into Mase’s 2004 comeback rendition of “Welcome Back.”

Lydia covered her face with her apron and laughed until tears rolled down her face. She was still laughing when Roger came over and patted her on the back.

He signaled for silence, and the assembly sat down. Although his mouth was smiling, his deep-set eyes were serious. “I don’t know what the kids did to Mr. Neil to make him angry yesterday, but I’ve had a long talk with them and whatever it is they’ve all promised not to do it again.” He gave Lydia a sly wink. “I know I speak for everyone when I say we much prefer your pizza to what we were forced to eat yesterday.”

“It was mad nasty!” yelled a girl sitting in the back.

“Word,” a boy confirmed at a nearby table.

Lydia had to admire Roger’s attempt to publicly vindicate Neil. Her gaze swept over the sea of young faces staring at her. Just for an instant she met Kennedy’s gaze and averted hers.

“Mr. Neil and I are very sorry about yesterday, and we hope it will not happen again. It’s not easy cooking for so many people day after day. We work very hard to prepare different dishes because when you grow up and travel to other countries that don’t have fast food restaurants on every corner, you’ll be able to order and eat dishes that you’ve become familiar with.

“Next Sunday is the first of our two Family Reunion Sundays, and Mr. Neil and I have planned a very special dinner for your family members.” She flashed a demure smile. “Before I go back to the kitchen, I’d like to thank you for your song.”

Her gaze strayed back to Kennedy. He nodded and smiled his approval. She acknowledged him with a perceptible nod before she retraced her steps.

* * *

Kennedy speared a forkful of Greek salad. Roger had informed him that he’d met with the campers earlier that morning to smooth over their ruffled feelings about their aborted southern-style Sunday dinner. Not wishing to openly blame Neil, and as a certified social worker, Roger spoke to them about compassion and forgiveness. The campers listened intently, then drew their own conclusions: the dinner was ruined because Miss Lydia hadn’t been there to cook it.

Chewing thoughtfully on a kalamata olive, Kennedy had to agree with the campers. If Lydia had been there they would’ve eaten their favorite dishes instead of tasteless pizza with cardboardlike crusts.

But the fact remained she wasn’t at the camp because she was with him. Spending time away from the camp with her was something he wanted to experience again. He wanted to take her to his lake house, and for a few precious hours pretend they were a couple.

Not waiting for dessert, he picked his tray off the table, emptied it, and walked out of the dining hall. The sun had dropped lower in the sky, taking with it the heat of the day.

Thrusting his hands into the pockets of his walking shorts, Kennedy made his way toward the lake.





CHAPTER ELEVEN



“I’m going to miss you, darling.”

Lydia pressed her forehead to Kennedy’s shoulder. “Don’t be so dramatic. I’m only going to be away for a day.”

Resting his chin on the top of her head, he buried his face in her fragrant hair. “Why don’t you wait and leave in the morning? It’s much safer than driving across the state at night.”

Easing back in his embrace, Lydia stared up at the man whom she had come to love despite her resolve not to become involved with him. “I have to leave tonight.” Her hairstylist sister-in-law, Gloria, had promised to keep her salon open in order to touch up Lydia’s much-needed chemically relaxed hair.

Kennedy felt as if he was losing Lydia. This had begun the night they returned to the camp from his lakefront property. She’d informed him she was experiencing PMS and preferred sleeping alone during that time of the month. He’d wanted to tell her that they could share a bed without making love, but something in her tone silenced him. What he’d shared with her up to that point in their relationship was too new to override her protest.

As soon as he’d conceded to Lydia’s request that they sleep apart because she was menstruating he realized he’d become his stepfather. Although he and Philip Anderson were not related by blood, their personalities were quite similar. Philip always gave in to Diane, even when he knew she was wrong. His adage was: she’ll find out in her own good time that I’m right. And whenever he proved his wife wrong he never said, I told you so.

What if he and Lydia were married, would she deign to move out of their bedroom once a month because she had her period?

Hell no! His inner voice was talking to him again after a four-year absence. The last time he’d wrestled with his conscience was when he’d been faced with the life-altering decision to leave the NFL.

* * *

“I’ll call you when I get there,” she promised, rising on tiptoe to kiss him.

“You have my cell phone number?”

“Yes,” she whispered against his parted lips. “I’ve memorized it.”

Tightening his hold on her body, Kennedy pressed her against the door to her SUV and drank from her mouth like a man dying of thirst. “I’m going to miss you.”

Lydia closed her eyes against his intense stare. “Me too.”

She opened her mouth to his probing tongue moving in and out in a rhythm that sent her pulse racing and her senses spinning out of control, and she knew if she hadn’t been on her menses she would’ve begged Kennedy to take her back to his cabin and his bed.

Somehow she found the strength to pull out of his embrace and tear her mouth from the onslaught of his. “I have to go.”

Nodding, Kennedy opened the driver’s-side door, waiting until she was seated before he closed the door with a solid slam. Leaning into the window, he smiled. “Be safe, darling.”

Lydia returned his smile with her own sensual one. “I will,” she promised as she pushed a button, raising the window.

Kennedy gestured with his thumb and little finger against his ear. “Don’t forget to call me.”

Staring at him through the glass, she nodded, saying, “I will, baby.”

He stepped away from her vehicle and she backed out of the space. Her hand tightening on the gearshift, she shifted and drove slowly away from Camp Six Nations and Kennedy Fletcher.

Moments before turning on to the road that ran around the lake, she glanced up in the rearview mirror to find him standing motionless, as she’d left him. Hot tears pricked her lids, but she blinked them back. She couldn’t cry and drive at the same time.

Was this how it was going to be come summer’s end? Would she feel as if she was leaving a small part of herself once she returned to Baltimore? Could she leave Kennedy without letting him know what was in her heart?

She switched on the radio, surfing stations until she found one featuring country music. A smile softened her expression when she heard “Sweet Home Alabama.” The song reminded her of her sweet Alabama lover.

Kennedy Fletcher, the country boy as he referred to himself, who made her crumble like a flaky biscuit dipped in a bowl of warm molasses whenever he whispered her name in the throes of passion.

Mr. Ken, as the campers referred to him, who presented the perfect role model for young boys and girls who sought success with nothing more than focus, dedication, and hard work.

Darling, as she had begun to think of him, who displayed infinite patience whenever her temper flared without warning.

And last, but certainly not least—lover—a patient, passionate, drop-dead gorgeous, and sinfully sexy man who made her sing in bed although she couldn’t carry a tune.

She stayed on the county road until she saw the sign for I-70. Barring delays on the interstate, she could expect to reach Baltimore in an hour.

As she neared Baltimore’s city limits she’d listened to songs by Keith Urban, Kenny Chesney, Rascal Flatts, LeAnn Rimes, Tim McGraw, and Alan Jackson. There was no doubt Kennedy’s country boy influence was rubbing off on her.

Lydia maneuvered into a parking space in front of her sister-in-law’s upscale full-service salon in a strip mall. Reaching into her purse, she took out her cell phone and punched in Kennedy’s programmed number.

“You made it.”

She smiled. “What happened to hello?”

“Hey, baby,” he crooned like the late Barry White.

Lydia, laughing softly, countered with an Eartha Kitt purr into the tiny mouthpiece. “I arrived safe and sound.” Staring out the windshield, she saw Gloria peering through the vertical blinds. “I’ve got to go, Kennedy. I’ll see you tomorrow night.”

“I’ll be waiting for you.”

She nodded although he couldn’t see her. “Good night, Kennedy.”

“Good night, Lydia.”

Ending the call, she got out of the Pathfinder and walked to the door of Le Chic Tresses, ringing the bell. Fingertips parted the drawn vertical blinds covering the door, and seconds later the door opened.

Gloria Lord, sporting a head filled with graying twists, smiled at her. “Girl, get yourself on up in here.” Glo, as everyone called her, pulled Lydia to her ample bosom. “You know I only stay open this late on a Friday night for family.”

Lydia kissed Gloria’s cheek. “Thank goodness I’m family.” Easing back, she parted her hair with her fingertips. “Take a look at the new growth.”

Gloria wrinkled her short nose. “That’s nothing. You should see some of my clients when they come in asking to pay touch-up prices when they need their whole head relaxed.” She angled her head and stared at her husband’s youngest sister. “Are you losing weight?”

Shaking her head, Lydia placed her handbag on a chair. “I don’t think so.”

Gloria rested her hands on wide hips that had carried four of Dwayne Lord’s babies. “I don’t understand you and Victoria.”

“What don’t you understand?”

“Why is it the two of you cook for a living, yet don’t gain any weight? Look at me. I suck air and still can’t lose a pound.”

Lydia gave Gloria a sidelong glance as she sat down in a chair facing a wall of mirrors. Everyone teased her mercilessly about trying every diet on the market but refusing to give up eating dessert. “The fact that neither Vicky nor I have carried a baby may have something to do with it.”

“Your mama had nine babies and she’s still not overweight,” Gloria complained. She picked up a cape, shook it out, and draped it over Lydia’s shoulders.

“That’s because Mama doesn’t eat dessert.”

“What you trying to say, Liddie Lord?”

Lydia met the stylist’s glare in the reflection of the mirror. “Give up the red velvet and pound cakes. Step away from the coconut custard pie. Try a vegetable or fruit smoothie, Gloria. They’re nutritional, energy-boosting, and many are low in calories. I blend them for the overweight kids at camp.”

“Have they lost weight?”

“Most of them have lost an average of two pounds a week.” The medical staff charted the campers’ height and weight weekly.

Gloria’s round, dark eyes in an equally round, dark face narrowed. “Can you give me some of the recipes? You know I’m willing to try anything.”

Lydia smiled. “Of course.”

Picking up a comb, Glo parted Lydia’s hair into sections. “How’s camp?”

“It’s quite interesting.”

* * *

Two hours later, Lydia unlocked the door to the large white farmhouse with the wraparound porch where she’d grown up with her sisters and brothers. An overhead fixture in the entryway provided enough light for her to navigate the staircase to her second-floor bedroom. She passed her parents’ bedroom. No light shone from under the closed door. Even after more than fifty years of marriage, Charles and Etta Mae Lord were still passionately in love with each other.

She walked into the bedroom she’d once shared with her sister Sharon and stripped off her clothes. Covering her hair with a large plastic bonnet, she made her way to the bathroom. Gloria had relaxed her hair, shortened it by two inches, set it on large rollers, then wrapped and pinned it in a doobie hairstyle after she’d sat under a dryer.

She had less than twenty-four hours to reconnect with her family, and she intended to make the most of it. Spending the day away from the camp and Kennedy would give her the space she needed to be objective about her relationship with him.

She had to keep telling herself that what she had with Kennedy was temporary; it was only a summer fling.

* * *

Lydia was up at dawn, showered, dressed, and preparing breakfast, when her mother walked into the kitchen. Etta Mae’s smile faded, her mouth turning downward in a frown as she stared at her daughter’s body in a pair of black stretch capri pants and a matching tank top.

“You’re bad for your business.”

Turning on her heel, Lydia smiled at her mother. “Good morning, Mama.” Seventy-year-old Etta Mae Lord was tall and large-boned without an ounce of excess fat. Her silver hair was stylishly cut to fit her evenly balanced features.

Etta moved closer. “Don’t good morning me, Lydia Charlene Lord.”

An expression of confusion settled into Lydia’s features. Whenever her mother called any of her children by their full names it meant trouble—for them.

“What’s up, Mama?”

“Certainly not your weight.”

First Gloria, and now her mother, had remarked about her weight. Was she that thin? And hadn’t Kennedy mentioned she could use a few more pounds?

“Are you eating, Lydia?”

“Of course I am,” she snapped.

“Don’t take that tone with me, young lady.”

“What’s going on here?” asked a deep male voice.

Lydia wiped her hands on a terry cloth towel. She crossed the kitchen and kissed her father. “Hi, Daddy.”

Charles wrapped an arm around his youngest child’s waist, pulling her close. “Hi, baby girl.” His gaze shifted to his wife. “What’s all the commotion about so early in the morning?”

Etta Mae pointed to Lydia. “Look at your baby, Charles.”

Charles Lord stared at his daughter’s upturned face as her coiffed hair rippled over the nape of her neck. “She looks beautiful.” He winked at her. “I like your hair. Glo really outdid herself this time.”

“I’m not talking about her hair, Charles. Look at her body. She’s nothing but skin and bones.”

“Who’s skin and bones?” asked another familiar male voice.

Lydia pulled away from her father and turned around. Her brother Quintin stood under the arched entrance leading into the large kitchen, cradling a large plastic crate to his chest. He put it down and extended his arms. Except for a few strands of gray at the temples he hadn’t changed at all. At his age of forty-seven, the years had been very kind to Quintin Lord. Tall, slender, and classically handsome, he’d become a much sought after photographer, who had married a woman who’d at one time been his neighbor, and who was now the father of two sons and a daughter.

He wasn’t disappointed when Lydia rushed into his embrace. “Welcome home, kid.”

Lydia brushed a kiss over his smooth jaw. “Thanks. What are you doing here so early? Where’s the rest of your family?” Smiling, Quintin displayed a mouth full of straight white teeth under a neatly barbered mustache. The brilliance of his smile matched the diamond studs in his pierced lobes.

“Mama decided we should gather early because you’re not going to be here all day, and Vicky should be here momentarily. You know how hard it is to coax Chaz out of bed when he doesn’t have to go to school.”

Quintin and Victoria had adopted their middle child as an infant, deciding to name him Charles in honor of his maternal grandfather. Their older son had celebrated his fourth birthday when he’d officially become Micah William Lord. Victoria had given him her father’s middle name.

Victoria, who hadn’t been able to bear children, openly admitted she always wanted three children. Now with ten-year-old Micah, Chaz, five, and eight-year-old Tamara she felt her family was complete.

“Does Tamara know about the party?”

Quintin shook his head as he bent down to pick up the crate. “No. She believes it’s going to be a pre–Fourth of July cookout.”

The young girl had languished in foster homes because no one wanted to adopt an older child. But once Victoria decided she wanted a daughter, Tamara had become her first and only choice.

Lydia found her latest niece quiet and reflective when she wasn’t playing with her brothers or younger cousins. There were times when Lydia found her own family overwhelming, and she could surely understand a newcomer’s reaction to the large boisterous clan whenever they got together as a family unit.

Quintin set the crate on a tall stool at a cooking island as Sharon waddled in holding a hand under her very pregnant belly. A tiny black schnauzer puppy darted around her feet.

Etta Mae pointed at her daughter. “You know the rules, Sharon Ida Lord-Gibson. No animals in my kitchen!”

Lydia caught Quintin’s gaze, nodding. She walked over to Etta Mae and kissed her cheek. “Go sit out on the porch while I start breakfast.” She shot her father a knowing look. “You too, Daddy.”

Charles caught her meaning immediately, hoping to diffuse a confrontation between his dog breeder daughter Sharon and Etta Mae, who liked animals but not in her kitchen.

“Come, dear,” Charles said in a soft tone, cupping his wife’s elbow, “Let’s sit outside while Lydia starts breakfast.”

“Please let me help her,” Etta argued softly.

Charles pressed a kiss to her forehead. “Etta Mae. Lydia doesn’t need your help. She’s used to cooking for a lot of people.”

Etta Mae smiled at her husband with whom she had fallen in love at a high school dance. Charles had given her her first kiss and made her his wife, and in turn she’d given him nine children. She was mother to nine, grandmother to twenty-two, and great-grandmother of five.

* * *

Lydia stared at Sharon. “Why did you bring that puppy in here?”

Sharon eased her bulk down to a chair. “I couldn’t leave Fitzhugh in the car.”

“You should’ve left Fitzhugh home,” Quintin countered.

Sharon’s sherry-colored eyes narrowed as she glared at Quintin. “I can’t leave my baby by himself.”

“Fitzhugh is a dog, not a baby, Sharon. What you have kicking in your belly is a baby,” Lydia said pointedly.

Sharon’s eyes welled up. “You’re just picking on me because I’m fat and you’re skinny.”

Lydia and Quintin groaned in unison. Everyone walked on eggshells around Sharon because of her erratic mood swings.

Orlando Gibson strolled into the kitchen, encountering his wife’s tears. He went to her side, gathering her off the chair. “What’s the matter, honey?”

Sharon buried her face against her husband’s chest. “I’m fat,” she sobbed dramatically.

“You’re not fat, sweetheart. You’re pregnant, and pregnant women always put on weight.”

Orlando had given the NBA fifteen years of his life as a point guard, then retired after marrying Sharon. He’d set up a public relations agency with another former basketball player.

Quintin raised a thumb, gesturing for Orlando to take Sharon out of the kitchen. The ex-ballplayer complied; Fitzhugh followed.

Lydia leaned against a countertop. “What’s up with the family, Quintin?”

Crossing his arms over his chest, he assumed a similar pose. “There are so many changes going on that everyone’s a little on edge. Sharon is anxious about having her first child, now that Dad’s retired he’s always under Mama’s feet, and everyone is still upset because you left the restaurant when you were about to make it big.”

Lydia stared at Quintin, complete surprise on her face. “Make it big? Did everyone forget that I was passed over twice for a promotion?”

“You’re young, Lydia. Do you actually think an experienced executive chef is going to allow a twenty-seven-year-old neophyte to show him up? No,” Quintin added, answering his own question.

“Vicky says you’re very good, much better than she’ll ever hope to be. And we both know my wife is no slouch in the kitchen. You need to slow down and stop working so hard, or you won’t last long enough to enjoy it.”

You work very hard. Why do you work so hard when you will always have money? Mariska’s words echoed in Lydia’s mind as if the woman were there with her.

“And I’m afraid I have to agree with Mama about your weight,” Quintin continued, frowning. “Are you feeling all right?”

“I’m fine, big brother. Now, please get out of the kitchen so I can start breakfast.”

“Would you like some help, Madame Chef?” Victoria Lord said as she walked into the kitchen, followed by her three children.

Lydia closed the distance between her and her petite sister-in-law. Bending slightly, she kissed her cheek. “I’d love it.” She smiled at her nephews. “You guys owe me a kiss.” Micah and Chaz shook their heads as they backed away. At ten and five respectively, both thought kissing girls was horrifying.

Tall, willowy Tamara stepped forward. Her resemblance to her adoptive mother was startling, especially their eyes. They were large, dark, and mysterious. They even shared the same chestnut-brown coloring.

“I’ll kiss you, Aunt Liddie.”

Gathering Tamara in an embrace, Lydia kissed her neatly braided hair. “Thank you, beautiful. I love your hair,” she whispered softly.

“Thanks. Aunt Glo did it yesterday.”

“She did a wonderful job.”

Quintin rested his hands on his sons’ shoulders. “Let’s go and unload your mama’s van.”

Chaz stared up at his father. “Do I have to, Dad?”

“No, you don’t,” Quintin answered, deadpan, “that is, if you don’t want to eat.”

Chaz tugged Micah’s hand. “Help me bring in the food.”

Victoria offered her husband a grateful smile. “What’s for breakfast, Lydia?”

Opening the doors to a side-by-side refrigerator/freezer, Lydia peered at the foodstuff crowding the shelves. “It looks as if we can have French toast, eggs Benedict, waffles, pancakes, home fries, ham, bacon, sausage, and eggs cooked to order.”

Making her way to the half bath to wash her hands, Victoria smiled over her shoulder. “That sounds good to me.”





CHAPTER TWELVE



Lydia raised her arm, peered at the watch strapped to her wrist, then closed her eyes. She planned to leave in half an hour.

After she’d heard, “Are you on a diet?” “Are you losing weight?” “Do you plan to audition for America’s Next Top Model? once too often, she’d overindulged.

She and Victoria had assumed the responsibility for preparing breakfast, while the other women took care of the dishes for the afternoon cookout. The male family members were assigned to erect the tent, man the grills, replenish beverages, and the post-celebratory cleanup detail.

Tamara was shocked once she was informed that the family gathering was to celebrate her legally becoming a Lord. Lydia had given her niece one of the handmade quilts she’d purchased at the fair and a check earmarked for clothes for the upcoming school year. She’d purchased three quilts: one for Tamara’s new canopy bed, a sunny yellow and mint-green crib-size quilt for Sharon’s unborn child, and another for herself.

Lydia met with her oldest sister, Andrea, who brought her up-to-date on the plans for Sharon’s surprise baby shower. She had also reconnected with Ethan Bennington, the executive director of the community center who had recruited her as Camp Six Nations’ chef.

Ethan, Quintin’s best friend, had married Victoria’s best friend and business partner, Joanna. Ethan and Joanna also had three children. Ryan, their eldest son, had completed his first year at Morehouse as an economics major, while the histrionics exhibited by their active red-haired six-year-old twin girls foretold a future in the theater.

* * *

“Wake up, Lydia. You have company.”

“Who is it, Glo?” she asked, not opening her eyes.

“Why don’t you open your eyes and find out?” drawled a familiar masculine voice.

Lydia opened her eyes. Justin Banks stood over her, grinning. Sitting up, she swung her legs over the side of the recliner. “What are you doing here?” Her voice was void of emotion.

Justin leaned down, cupped her elbow, pulling her gently to her feet. “I ran into Lucien the other day and he told me you’d be here this weekend.”

The two men leased office space in the same high-rise office building in downtown Baltimore. Until now, never had she wanted to wring her brother’s neck for telling her business. However, she couldn’t blame Lucien, not when she hadn’t told her family that she and Justin were no longer a couple.

“I’m leaving now.”

Justin moved closer. “Please hear me out, Lydia.”

Lydia stared up at the tall, slender man whose cold urbane manner concealed an extraordinary intelligence. Justin and three other computer geeks had changed the face of gaming entertainment, blending music videos with video games. The result was mesmerizing and innovative.

“Wait for me near the garage. I want to tell my parents I’m leaving.”

She found her mother and father relaxing on the porch in matching chaises. She kissed her mother, then her father. “I’ll be back in four weeks.”

* * *

Retracing her steps, Lydia spied Justin leaning against his car’s trunk. Everything about him screamed elegance and sophistication. And in spite of his business success, Justin had not curried favor with his upper-middle-class family after dropping out of medical school during his third year. His fixation with computer games had become an all-consuming passion.

She affected a polite smile that did not reach her eyes. “What do you want to talk about?”

Justin’s expression darkened with an unreadable emotion. Even though Lydia looked the same he knew she was not the same woman with whom he’d fallen in love, seeing a hardness that had not been apparent before their breakup.

“Us.”

Lydia blinked once. “There is no us, Justin.”

“Because that’s the way you wanted it.”

Struggling to contain her temper, she counted slowly to three. “I’m not going to stand here and get into the blame game with you.”

There was something in Lydia’s gaze and tone that told Justin to reconsider his approach with her. She was the only woman with whom he’d been involved that he hadn’t been able to intimidate, and he knew that was the reason why he’d been drawn to her. All of the other women in his past were either subservient or too willing not to do or say anything that would displease him.

He schooled his expression to conceal the rage roiling inside him like slow-moving lava. “I’m sorry, Lydia, but I didn’t come here to fight with you.”

“Why did you come?” Her voice was layered with neutral tones.

“To apologize, and to tell you that I love you.”

Justin bit down on his lower lip to keep from grinning from ear to ear as her eyes widened and her jaw dropped. He knew he’d never mentioned the L word once during their two-year relationship. He did love her, her femininity, beauty, intelligence, and ambition—an all-consuming ambition that surpassed his.

She’d complained about their sexual incompatibility, wanting more when he was unable to offer her more. He knew he was unlike most men in their early thirties because he viewed sexual intercourse as a conduit not for gratification but procreation.

Lydia stared at Justin, tongue-tied. Her gaze moved slowly from his precise close-cropped hair, delicate features in a tanned narrow tawny-brown face, to his favored Ralph Lauren–tailored attire.

Although she wasn’t superstitious and had never had a clairvoyant before Mariska read her palm, she couldn’t shake the woman’s prediction: I see two men in your life—one who will come to love you very much and one who will pretend to love you.

Which one was Justin? Was he sincere or a fraud?

She blinked once. “Why now?” she asked, recovering her voice. “We dated for more than two years, and now you tell me that you love me.”

“I’ve always loved you, Lydia.”

Shaking her head, she closed her eyes for several seconds. “It’s not going to work, Justin.”

He moved closer and took her hands. “Why? Because you say it won’t?”

Lydia met his direct stare. “I’ve changed.”

“Are you saying you don’t have feelings for me?”

“No, I’m not.”

Tightening his grip on her fingers, he leaned closer and kissed her cheek. He’d negotiated enough deals to know when to retreat. “Let’s talk about this at another time. Better yet, I’ll write you.” He angled his head, smiling. “Campers shouldn’t be the only folks to get mail.”

She nodded. “Okay.” Justin did not want to talk about their relationship and she didn’t either.

Justin brushed his mouth over hers. There was just the slightest pressure before he pulled away. “Be safe, darling.”

A wave of apprehension swept through Lydia, gnawing away at her confidence. Justin had repeated the same words Kennedy had said before she left the camp.

“I have to go.” Pulling her hands from his loose grip, she walked over to her SUV, got in, and drove away without a backward glance.

What had she gotten herself into? A man whom she’d relegated to her past had openly confessed to loving her, while another whom she loved awaited her return.

She wanted to weep, as a fist of fear and disappointment squeezed her heart. If the fortune-teller’s prediction boded the truth, then was she destined to spend the rest of her life with Justin—a man who failed to ignite the grand passion she’d experienced with Kennedy?

* * *

Lydia left the parking area and walked to her cabin. The smell of burning wood lingered in the air from the Saturday night campfire. A large oil drum was filled with kindling, set afire to the delight of the campers who roasted marshmallows while listening intently to Reverend Alfonso retell Native American folktales passed down through countless generations.

She chanced a glance at Kennedy’s cabin. No light shone from the windows. Either he was at the campfire or he’d gone to bed.

She opened the screen door, and closed it quickly. After the bird had taken up residence in her cabin, she made certain not to leave the door ajar. If the creature had been a raccoon or a bat she would’ve relinquished her private lodgings without a second thought.

* * *

A feeling of weighted fatigue settled over Lydia as she lay on the recliner. She’d showered, brushed her teeth, slipped on a nightgown, but instead of crawling into bed she’d decided to take in the solitude of the warm summer night.

The cooling breeze rustling the trees and wind chime provided the natural accompaniment to the soft strains of a contemporary jazz number coming from the stereo’s speakers. It had been a while since she enjoyed sitting out on her porch. Most nights she’d been too exhausted to do anything more than shower and fall, facedown, into bed. She must have fallen asleep, because the chiming of her cell phone jolted her into wakefulness. Patting the cushion, she located it and flipped the top.

“Hello.”

“Are you back?”

Her pulse quickened. “Yes, Kennedy, I’m back.”

“Good.”

Sitting up, she peered over her shoulder. His cabin was still dark. “Where are you?”

A deep sensual chuckle came through the earpiece. “I’m home.”

“Home, where?”

“Next door.”

A teasing smile softened her mouth. “What are you wearing, handsome?” She’d affected the sultry timbre of a 1-900-4A GOOD-TIME telephone operator.

Kennedy gasped audibly. “What did you say?”

“You heard me, tiger. What’s the matter? No woman has ever asked you that?”

“No!”

“Did I shock you?”

“A little. But I like it.”

Lydia giggled, the sound as soft and tinkling as her wind chime. “Good. That’s what I like—a secure man.”

There came a pointed pause before Kennedy spoke again. “Do you really like me, Lydia?”

It was her turn to pause. “Of course I like you. Why else would I sleep with you?”

“I don’t know. Perhaps you were curious?”

A slight frown marred her smooth forehead. She didn’t like the direction the conversation was taking. “I’ve never been that curious, Kennedy. Not even the first time.”

“Do you have anything planned for tomorrow night?” Kennedy asked, smoothly changing the topic.

“Why?”

“Because I’d like you to go out with me.”

Lydia heard the change in his voice. It was soft, coaxing. “Where?”

“To a jazz club.”

Her eyes crinkled as she smiled. “Don’t tell me you’re deserting your country music?”

“Never, darling.” Lydia told him about the radio station she’d listened to during her drive. “You’d better be careful, sugah, or you’re going to become a real country girl.”

“Who’s to say I’m not a country girl now? After all, I did grow up twenty miles outside Baltimore.”

“That’s a suburb, not the country.”

Lydia laughed softly. “This place is in the country.”

“Not,” Kennedy drawled. “It’s more like the wilderness.”

“Is the jazz club in the wilderness?”

“Not quite.”

“What’s the occasion?”

Kennedy chuckled. “Does it have to be a special occasion for you to go out with me?”

“No.”

“Good. Now, to answer your question as to what I’m wearing. Why don’t you come over and find out?”

A wave of heat suffused her face in embarrassment. Lydia didn’t know what had elicited her bold behavior. “I hadn’t planned on a sleepover tonight.”

She did not want to sleep with Kennedy, because she needed to be alone to sort out her feelings for him, had to ascertain whether what she felt for him was based on sex, or if it went beyond whatever they shared in bed.

“When do you want to have another sleepover?” Kennedy asked.

Her mouth softened in a smile. “Tomorrow night.”

“Pack light,” he said after a pregnant pause.

She nodded although he couldn’t see her. There was no doubt they would spend Sunday night at his lakeside home. “Good night, Kennedy.”

“Good night, sweetheart.”

Pressing a button, Lydia ended the call and closed her eyes. Inhaling, she held her breath, then let it out slowly, repeating the action as her chest rose and fell in an even rhythm. She lay on the recliner, momentarily lost in her own reveries. She thought about the space she’d hoped to lease in the underground mall, about Justin’s declaration of love, and she mentally relived the passion she’d discovered in Kennedy’s embrace.





CHAPTER THIRTEEN



Kennedy felt the undercurrent of excitement sweeping over Camp Six Nations as staff, campers, and their family members filed into the eight-sided barn.

The campers’ growth and development had exceeded the goals set for each age group. Roger Evans had provided direct oversight for the first session, but Kennedy would closely monitor the next four weeks.

The next four weeks were certain to become the most decisive. He would provide hands-on supervision of the campers and he knew he had to resolve his relationship with Lydia before driving down to Alabama to undergo tests to determine whether he was a compatible match to donate a kidney to Marvin.

Seconds after he’d ended his call to Lydia the night before, his cell phone rang. It had taken Marvin Kennedy three weeks to return his call. He spoke to his biological father as if he were a polite stranger, then told Marvin he would come to Alabama to confer with the older man’s renal specialist about his medical condition.

The call, which hadn’t lasted more than two minutes, left Kennedy restless, experiencing emotions he did not want to acknowledge—pity and compassion for a man so undeserving of the sentiment.

He checked his watch as the last of the counselors escorted their charges into the barn with a thirty-foot vaulted ceiling and capacity for three hundred. Everyone, except the chefs, wore a navy blue T-shirt with Camp Six Nations imprinted in white across the chest. Roger entered the barn, closed the door, sat down on a folding chair, and nodded.

Kennedy’s gaze swept over the assembly as he raised the handheld microphone, then affected the smile that had been captured on countless occasions by sports photographers after a Ravens victory.

“I’m Ken Fletcher, the camp’s sports director.” A smattering of applause from adults followed his introduction. “I’d like to welcome all family members to Camp Six Nations’ first Family Reunion Sunday,” he continued smoothly as if there had been no interruption, his mellifluous voice carrying easily in the enormous space.

“I know many of you are surprised to see the changes in your children in just four short weeks. Some have grown several inches, gained weight, lost weight, and I’m proud to say that every camper has passed the water safety course and is now a certified swimmer.” All of the campers stood up, applauding loudly.

Waiting until everyone quieted and retook their seats, he continued, “The goal of Camp Six Nations is to foster excellence, fairness, cooperation, responsibility, compassion, and citizenship. What good is a strong body without a strong mind? We’ve spent the past four weeks fostering teamwork, and the next four will be competition.

“Your sons and daughters have learned to respect and support others in their cabin, while relating to them as members of their camp family. Midweek the senior and junior boys will take part in a modified three-night survival training exercise based on the official U.S. Army Survival Manual. The following week it will be the senior and junior girls.

“I’m going to turn the mike over to our direct care staff, who will give you a brief overview of their day-to-day interactions with your children.” His gaze swept over the five people sitting behind him on the stage. “Reverend Alfonso.”

Reverend Al, as the kids called him, took the microphone from Kennedy. The shaman, a tall, spare man in his midfifties, wore his salt-and-pepper hair in a single braid. A necklace made of colorful beads and matching earrings in his pierced lobes enhanced his distinctive Native American features.

“Welcome to Camp Six Nations. I will make this quick, because there is a lot to see and do this afternoon. Our camp is called Six Nations in honor of those who inhabited this land centuries before the Europeans settled here. The name Iroquois, meaning ‘real adders,’ is of Algonquian origin. The Iroquois, who refer to themselves as ‘we who are of the extended lodge,’ are not a tribal group, but an alliance of tribes that dominated the vast area stretching from the Atlantic Coast to Lake Erie, and from Ontario down into North Carolina.

“The original Five Nations Confederacy was made up of the Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Cayuga, and Seneca tribes. In 1715 the Tuscarora joined the league, and from that time, the Iroquois have been known as the Six Nations. Each cabin represents a tribe—male and female, an alliance of children from many tribes who have come together as one. Thus, our motto: One Camp, One Family.

“Before we begin our day, everyone gathers in the chapel for morning meditation, or they use the time to pray in their own way. For those who choose not to pray or reflect, they are exempt.” He smiled and a network of lines fanned out around his dark eyes. “I’m happy to say no one has asked to be excused. I’ll let your children tell you about our Saturday night campfire gatherings. Thank you very much for your attention.”

The adults murmured their approval as Alfonso handed the microphone to Lydia.

The campers stood up, stomping and shouting, “Eat! Eat! Eat!” The entire barn was filled with laughter, and before Lydia composed herself enough to speak, tears had filled her eyes and rolled down her cheeks. She removed the white kerchief from around her neck and dabbed her face.

Her shoulders still shaking from laughing, she smiled, saying, “It’s redundant to say I’m a chef. My partner and I have taken our campers on a culinary journey to countries as far away as Morocco and Greece. They may shock you when they ask to go to a restaurant serving couscous, pasticcio, pasta fagioli, or arroz con carne de cerdo rather than McDonald’s or the local pizza parlor.”

Her amused gaze moved slowly over the faces of the campers in hues ranging from creamy white to a deep rich sable brown. “I’m most proud of our campers because of the ease with which they’ve embraced diversity not only among themselves, but also with the international cuisine my partner and I have offered.” Turning slightly, she glanced over her shoulder at Neil. “None of this would’ve been possible without Neil Lane.”

Neil stood up and was rewarded with whistles and shouts from everyone in the barn. A wave of bright color moved from his neck to his face. The beginnings of a smile faded, then widened as the barn door opened and a petite woman with stylishly cut ash-blond hair walked in with two preteen girls whose inky black hair was a startling contrast to hers. She’d come. His estranged wife had brought his daughters to Family Reunion Sunday!

Lydia saw the direction of Neil’s raven gaze and handed him the microphone. “It’s all yours,” she whispered softly.

Neil, who hadn’t been scheduled to speak, cleared his throat. “I’m certain I speak for everyone when I say that we’re blessed to have Lydia supervising the kitchen.” Pausing, he gave his supervisor a forlorn look. “Please don’t forget me when you open your restaurant.” Grinning broadly, he handed off the microphone to Jeff Wiggins.

Kennedy stared at Lydia as she and Neil left to see to the food that would be served following a tour of the camp by the visiting parents. He redirected his attention to Jeff as the drama instructor energized everyone when he talked about the theatrical numbers his drama students were rehearsing. Megan Gallagher followed Jeff, enchanting the crowd with her lilting Irish brogue. She invited everyone to come to the arts and crafts hogan to view the pieces of pottery she had put on display for viewing. After completing her brief presentation, she returned the microphone to Kennedy.

Rising he moved behind the lectern, replacing the microphone on its stand. “I’d like to thank everyone for their attention, and if you would be so kind as to follow the counselors wearing the red wristbands they will give you a tour of our campgrounds. Then, I’d like everyone to gather in the dining hall for Sunday dinner. This is just a reminder for those who came up on the bus, the driver would like to start loading at six-thirty. He will pull out at exactly seven o’clock and not one minute later.”

Kennedy turned off the mike and followed the others out of the barn. He also planned to leave the camp at seven with Lydia. It had been a long time since he’d looked forward to going out with a woman who did not bore him to tears.

Nila hadn’t been as superficially beautiful as the models he’d dated, but it was her intelligence and gentleness that had drawn him to her. He was playing pro ball, involved in product endorsements, traveling from city to city for away games, and he hadn’t wanted any encumbrances in his life at that time.

Whenever he returned to Baltimore he called Nila, and she was always available. Even if she’d had a prior engagement, she canceled it to be with him. She was predictable, accommodating, and faithful—all the hallmarks for a woman who was certain to be a good wife. That was then, and this was now. He was older, wiser, and what he did not want in a woman was predictability.

Smiling, Kennedy put on his sunglasses. Lydia Lord was anything but predictable. He’d found her incredibly sexy, despite her claim that he was the first man who’d brought her to complete sexual fulfillment. She’d become the first and only woman that made him want to lie with her without the benefit of contraception. He wanted Lydia as his wife and the mother of his children.

* * *

Neil pulled his daughters close to his side. “Lydia, I’d like you to meet my wife, Rachel, and our daughters Stacy and Jennifer. Girls, Rachel, my supervisor and mentor, Miss Lydia Lord.”

Lydia removed her latex gloves, tucking them under her apron ties, and extended her right hand. “It’s nice meeting you.” Rachel Lane’s fingers were cool and smooth as they touched hers.

Rachel’s dark blue eyes studied the face of the tall, slender woman whose youthful appearance belied her culinary experience. “It’s nice meeting you, too, Lydia.”

“Is this where you work, Daddy?” asked the younger girl.

Nodding and smiling at his nine-year-old daughter, Neil said, “Yes, baby girl.”

“It’s nice, Daddy.”

He ruffled her inky black hair. “I think it’s nice, too.”

Jennifer Lane had inherited her father’s hair and eyes and her mother’s petite frame. She smiled up at Neil. “I love this camp.”

Stacy tugged on Neil’s arm. “Can me and Jenny come here next summer, Daddy?”

Lydia’s and Neil’s gazes met and fused. Next summer was a long way off, and neither knew what direction their lives would take by that time.

“We’ll see,” he said noncommittally.

“I think I want to become a cook like Daddy,” Jennifer announced, shocking both her parents.

Lydia slipped on her latex gloves. She wanted to finish up with the watermelon boat salad. “Neil, why don’t you give your family a tour of the kitchen while I take care of the fruit salad?”

She was anxious to leave the dining hall and prepare for her evening with Kennedy, and she also wanted to give Neil time to reconnect with his family.

Twenty minutes later, two halves of a large watermelon, cut lengthwise with a serrated border, were filled with balls of cantaloupe, honeydew, watermelon, blueberries, strawberries, kiwi, and white grapes.

Picking up one half, she pushed open the swinging door with her shoulder and walked into the dining hall. The noise level was deafening. She motioned to a kitchen assistant. “Please bring out the other half.”

Pleasant and always cooperative, the teenager took the watermelon from Lydia, placing it on the refrigerated portion of the serving counter. “What else do you need for me to bring out?”

“That’s it,” she replied, smiling. She glanced down when she felt someone tugging on her apron. It was her favorite camper, Keisha Middleton. “Hi, Kiki.”

Keisha touched her hair. “My mommy braided my hair.”

Hunkering down to the child’s height, Lydia ran a finger over her silken cheek. “You look beautiful, doll baby.”

Clapping a hand over her mouth, Keisha giggled through her fingers. “I told my mommy you call me doll baby and she laughed. Do you want to meet my mommy, Miss Lydia?”

She smiled. “Of course I do, Kiki.”

She had met many of the parents during their tour of the dining hall. All of them thanked her for weaning their children off greasy, fat-filled foods. Taking the child’s hand, Lydia followed her across the dining hall, nodding and smiling at the many campers she’d come to recognize on sight.

Kennedy sat at a table with three senior Mohawks and six Senecas. The young boys, ranging in age from nine to twelve, were the first group to participate in the survival training exercise. The sight of Lydia and Keisha Middleton had captured his attention. He stared, unblinking, as Lydia touched the little girl’s face. In that instant the pull of fatherhood nearly swallowed him whole.

He went completely still, unable to pull his gaze away when he saw them walk hand in hand to the table where Keisha’s mother and older brothers and sister sat. He was still staring as Lydia sat next to Mrs. Middleton.

His penetrating gaze lingered on the omnipresent bandana covering her hair, the dewy sheen on her bare face, the enchanting tilt of her sherry-gold eyes whenever she smiled, and the lush lower lip he yearned to lick, kiss, and suckle.

“You didn’t answer my question, Mr. K.”

The camper calling his name pulled him from his reverie. He blinked once and turned back to the others at the table. “I’m sorry, Mustafa, I wasn’t listening.”

“I…we want to know if we’re going to have to catch and cook our own food.”

Kennedy affected a mysterious smile. “What do you think? After all, it will be a survival training expedition.”

“Will we have to sleep out on the ground?” asked Angelo Quinn, who’d earned the distinction of being the first camper to pass the rigorous requirements for being a lifeguard.

“You will see in a couple of days.” They were scheduled to hike a mile to a lodge and spend two nights learning how to survive in the wilderness, before returning to camp by canoe. “The only hint I’m going to give you is that you’re going to have to rely on one another for everything.”

“Come on, Mr. K,” one of the younger Senecas drawled. “You have to tell us more than that.”

“No, I don’t,” countered Kennedy, unsuccessfully suppressing his amusement. “The survival exercise will come in handy once we have game week.”

“Yo, Mr. K, you comin’ wit’ us?” asked Mustafa.

“Yo, Mustafa, yeah.” The boys dissolving into a paroxysm of hysterics pounded the table and exchanged high fives. Kennedy was still smiling when he rose and walked out of the dining hall.

* * *

Lydia walked into the kitchen, slowing her pace when she saw Neil sitting on a stool at a counter flipping pages in a notebook. “I thought you’d be out of here.”

His head came up. “I was just going over some recipes.”

Moving closer, she sat down on a stool next to Neil and stared at his distinctive profile. His finely boned features made him appear fragile. But his looks were totally incongruent with his temperament, which was stubborn, determined. He possessed a willingness to sacrifice his job and family to pursue his passion.

“Which ones are you looking at?”

Neil met Lydia’s steady gaze. He liked and respected her professionally. And as promised, she hadn’t screamed or thrown objects. “I was thinking about our all-American menu.”

Reaching up, Neil removed the black skullcap covering his spiky hair. “I’d like to make some suggestions.”

Bracing an elbow on the countertop, Lydia rested her chin on a fist. “Talk to me, Neil.”

“I’d like for us to amend the all-American by offering an entrée and desserts from several regional menus on a daily basis. One night we can offer a New England clambake with various chowders. I’m certain the kids will love Philadelphia cheese steak sandwiches, Buffalo wings, and on rainy days, Manhattan clam chowder for lunch. Pennsylvania pot roast can be a dinner entrée that can round out the Middle Atlantic states.”

Arching her eyebrow, Lydia asked, “What about the rest of the country?”

Neil felt a jolt of excitement. So far his boss hadn’t shot down his proposal. “The South will include Maryland crab cakes, gumbo, jambalaya, hoppin’ John, and fried green tomatoes. The Midwest will feature Swedish meatballs, Kansas City barbecued ribs, sausage and kraut, and Chicago-style deep-dish spinach pizza. The Southwest menu can be vegetable-topped cheese quesadillas, green chili cheese spread, a taco salad, and Navajo fry bread.

“Chicken potpie, kolaches, sourdough bread, chicken with black bean sauce, and marinated grilled lamb can be featured from the West, and pumpkin soup, pineapple salsa, cream cheese and macadamia pie, and ginger-orange shrimp stir-fry for the Pacific Northwest, Alaska, and Hawaii.”

“Are you suggesting we scrap our all-American theme in favor of daily regional dishes?”

“Oh no,” he said quickly. “I just thought we’d add a few more choices to the daily theme.”

“A theme means having a distinctive quality or characteristic. I believe we’ll confuse everyone if we offer a Chicago-style deep-dish pizza when the menu reads Chinese.” Neil glanced away rather than let Lydia see his disappointment. “But I do have a suggestion where we can use your idea,” she said in a soft tone.

Excitement fired his raven gaze, his mood suddenly buoyant. “Talk to me, boss.”

A flash of humor crossed Lydia’s face. “We can modify our lunch schedule to include some of your choices. Keep in mind that our breakfast and lunch dishes require the least amount of preparation.”

“I know,” Neil concurred.

Lydia gave him a long, penetrating look. She did not want Neil to go through what she’d experienced with her last employer—an outright rejection of her proposals. But she also didn’t want to spend more time in the kitchen than necessary. As it was, she spent an average of twelve hours a day at the dining hall.

“What if we compromise?”

“How?” he asked smoothly, with no expression on his face.

“You will become totally responsible for breakfast and lunch. Beginning tomorrow morning, you will supervise the kitchen for the next two weeks.”

He stared at his supervisor, complete surprise on his face. “You…you want me to supervise you?”

A smug smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. “Me and the help. How else are you going to gain supervisory experience?”

Neil hesitated, measuring Lydia’s expression for a hint of guile. “You’re joking, aren’t you?”

There was a moment of silence before she said softly, “No, I’m not, Neil. I never joke about anything that has to do with my job. You’ve risked everything you’ve worked for, and that includes your family, to follow your dream. I’m offering you what I wanted from the first day I walked into the lecture hall at the Culinary Institute of America, and you sit here asking me if I’m joking.

“You’re a talented chef, Neil, and if I had a restaurant I’d hire you. I’m giving you the opportunity to supervise the kitchen because we won’t be at full capacity for the next two weeks. The ten- to twelve-year-old boys will be away for three days, and the girls the following week. What’s it going to be?” she challenged as hardness crept into her voice.

His forehead creased in consternation, Neil contemplated Lydia’s proposition. He wanted to cook, not supervise. In more than twenty years with the General Accounting Office he passed on every supervisory position because he’d always felt uncomfortable monitoring others.

“I need your decision now, Neil.”

The soft feminine voice broke into his musings as a smile found its way through an expression of uncertainty. “Okay.”

A secret smile softened her mouth and lit up her liquid gold eyes. Kennedy had slipped a note under her door earlier that morning to let her know he would pick her up at seven. He’d added a postscript: if possible—please have Neil cover breakfast. The first time she’d stayed over at his house he’d complained about getting out of bed “at the crack of dawn” to return to camp. But when she reminded him that he usually got up early to swim in the lake he countered by saying it was either the cold lake water or a cold shower. His gaze had burned her face, and there was no mistaking his double meaning.

“If it’s all right with you, boss, I’d like to start a little later tomorrow.”

Neil threw back his head, laughter floating up from his throat. Becoming temporary executive chef for two weeks and reuniting with his family had changed his life in less than twenty-four hours.

“Yes, Lydia. Take the time, and don’t forget to relax.”

Slipping off the stool, Lydia wiggled her fingers. “I will.”

* * *

Lydia wrapped narrow silk ribbons around her ankles, tying them neatly in a bow. The three-inch silk-covered sandals were the perfect complement to the halter-style black dress. A knock on the door shattered the silence, and she glanced at her travel clock on the bedside table. It was 6:50.

Rising to her feet, she made her way to the door, while removing the oversize pins from her wrapped hairdo. Peeking through the slats of the jalousie window, she spied Kennedy. She opened the door several inches and went completely still.

The fragrance of his cologne, the velvety smoothness of his clean-shaven jaw, the exquisite cut of a midnight-blue tailored suit caressing the lines of his powerful body made the muscles in her stomach contract.

There was an expression in his dark eyes that pulled her into a force field, holding her captive. He was making love to her without touching. Heat swept up her face, bringing with it a light sheen of moisture. Her breasts grew heavy, the nipples swelling against the fabric of her dress.

“As soon as I comb my hair I’ll be ready.” Lydia did not recognize her own voice. It floated around her like a disembodied specter.

Bracing a hand on the door frame, Kennedy pushed it open, walked into the cabin, closed it, then reached for Lydia. Slowly, methodically he removed the last two pins and her hair fell over her forehead and down around the nape of her neck.

“You’ve cut your hair,” he whispered against her ear.

“A little.” Moving behind her, he tunneled a hand through the mussed strands, massaging her scalp. “You’re too close, Kennedy,” Lydia said, gasping, while attempting to slow down her runaway pulse.

His free arm circled her waist, bringing her hips to his groin. His hand went from her head to a breast. “We’re not close enough, sweetheart.”

Breathing through parted lips, she closed her eyes, going pliant in his embrace. Kennedy’s hardness throbbing against her buttocks electrified her. She managed to swallow the first moan, but the second one slipped out of its own accord. A rush of moisture, which left her legs trembling so much she doubted whether she would’ve been able to stand if Kennedy hadn’t held on to her, followed the flutters that began between her thighs. Her moans became a strangled gasp as she succumbed to the liquid fire bathing the soft core of her body.

Her breasts rising and falling heavily as if in the aftermath of passion would not permit her to move or speak. Lydia closed her eyes and rested her head on her lover’s shoulder.

Kennedy felt the runaway beating of Lydia’s heart under his splayed fingers. Burying his face in her hair, he breathed a kiss on the sweet-smelling strands. He loved her. He loved her so much that he feared blurting out what lay in his heart.

Lydia opened her eyes, smiling. “Please let me go. I need to get ready.” She didn’t have time to take another shower, but knew she had to wash away the evidence of the erotic pleasure Kennedy had roused in her.

Lowering his head, Kennedy brushed his mouth over the nape of her neck. “I’ll wait on the porch.”

Once he released her, she walked over to the chest of drawers, selected a pair of panties, and retreated to the bathroom.





CHAPTER FOURTEEN



Lydia stepped out onto the porch, unable to meet Kennedy’s gaze. He knew she had no control over her traitorous body, knew that all he had to do was touch her and she’d melt like a pat of butter on a heated surface.

She, Lydia Charlene Lord, who’d prided herself on being in total control at all times, had surrendered the will of her flesh to a man whom she had fallen for and did not want to love.

She had accepted the position as chef for Camp Six Nations to test her culinary creativity, to prepare nutritious meals for what she considered the world’s toughest critics: children.

She’d planned to spend eight weeks in western Maryland’s unspoiled wilderness perfecting her craft, not preparing to spend the night with a man who made her forget her vow never to become involved with an athlete, or in Kennedy’s case a former athlete.

They were four weeks into the camp season with another four before it ended, and Lydia told herself over and over that she could engage in a summer romance and then walk away with her emotions intact. That she would enjoy whatever she and Kennedy shared, then relegate it to her past, because her sole focus was setting up her restaurant.

Smiling, she pointed to the bag decorated in a needlepoint design resting near the recliner. “Light enough?” She’d packed underwear, a nightgown, T-shirt, shorts, a pair of sandals, and her grooming products.

Bending down, Kennedy picked up the bag, testing its weight. It was very light. Straightening up, he turned and stared at Lydia, his eyes making love to her face. Her hair, parted off-center, framed her face—a face that bore the slightest trace of makeup that subtly enhanced her natural feminine beauty. She’d tilted her chin slightly, staring up at him through a fringe of long, full black lashes that framed her incredible sherry-colored eyes.

His eyes moved lower, caressing the graceful column of her bared neck, the soft swell of breasts rising and falling above the décolletage of her form-fitting dress that outlined every line of her slender, curvy body. He stared at her long bare legs in the heels that put her over the six-foot mark.

“You look incredible, darling.” His voice was low, reverent, and blatantly seductive.

Lydia stared at the strong brown throat above the starched collar of a white shirt. “So do you.” Taking a step closer, she took a deep breath and whispered, “What are you wearing?”

Kennedy lifted his eyebrows. “You want to know who designed my suit?”

She shook her head. “Not your clothes, Kennedy. What fragrance are you wearing? You always smell so delicious.”

“Is that what you’d asked me last night?”

“No. Last night I wanted to know literally what you were wearing.”

“I’m wearing Burberry Brit, and when I called last night I was in my birthday suit.”

Curving her arms around his neck, she brushed her mouth over his. “Happy birthday.”

Kennedy did not move, not even his eyes. “Who told you today’s my birthday?”

“You just did.”

His free arm curved around her waist. “I did not.”

“The night at the fair you told me that you were going to be thirty-six next month. This is next month. And the fact that you asked me to go out with you on a Sunday night tells me that today is special,” she said with an attractive pout. “Now, tell me I’m wrong.”

Tightening his hold on her body, Kennedy lowered his head and pressed a kiss along the column of her neck. “You’re not wrong, baby.”

“You should’ve come clean with me, Kennedy. I could’ve gotten you something special for your born-day.”

“I have all that I need. I have you.”

Lydia sobered quickly. “You’ll only have me for the next four weeks. I wanted to give you a small gift to remind you of our summer together.”

“Do you really want to give me a little something?”

“Yes.”

“When I take you to Cabo San Lucas I want to make it an extended stay.”

A wave of momentary panic swept through Lydia, gnawing away at her confidence. She knew Kennedy could feel the runaway beating of her heart against his chest. What exactly did he want? Did he want to continue their liaison beyond the camp season?

“Extend it how?”

“A week or two.”

Pulling out of his embrace, Lydia stared at Kennedy as if she’d never seen him before. “I can’t,” she said, shaking her head.

“Why not, Lydia? It’s not as if you have to get up in the morning to go to work.”

Her quick temper flared. “The last time I checked I was certain I didn’t have someone hovering over me monitoring my daily comings and goings.”

Kennedy knew he had made a grievous faux pas. Lydia had changed before his eyes like a reptile shedding its skin, and he wanted to shake her until she was too breathless to lash him with the whip she called a tongue. There was a time and place to argue, and he knew this time wasn’t one of those times.

Fixing her with a lethal stare, he said, “I’m sorry, Lydia, if you misconstrued my meaning, but I would never attempt to monitor anyone’s life, and certainly not yours.” His tone was neutral, conciliatory. “You told me that you don’t expect to open your restaurant until next spring. I interpreted that to mean you would have some free time before the end of this year.”

Lydia stared at a spot over Kennedy’s shoulder. Shame quickened her breath, singed her face, and she was angry for being embarrassed because never had she been chastised so eloquently.

Pulling back her shoulders, she tilted her chin in a defiant gesture and affected a half smile as Kennedy stared at her under hooded lids.

“I’m sorry I snapped at you. Will you forgive me…darling?”

Offering her a smile that sent her pulses racing, Kennedy cupped her elbow and led her off the porch. “I’ll think about it…baby.”

* * *

“I thought by now you would’ve cut me some slack.”

Shifting her gaze from the side window, Lydia stared at Kennedy as he navigated a narrow road bordered on both sides with towering pine trees. She’d been content to watch the passing landscape while listening to the seductive voice of Will Downing coming through the SUV’s speakers.

Kennedy had removed his suit jacket and laid it over the rear seats. The haunting scent of his cologne, the crisp fabric of the custom-made shirt with monogrammed French cuffs, and the heat from his body had become a sensual feast that ensnared her in a gluttonous web from which there was no escape.

“What are you talking about?”

“Do you still lump me in the same category as your ex?” Kennedy took his gaze off the road for a second. Lydia’s expression mirrored his confusion. “There are times when I must edit everything before I say it whenever I’m with you,” he explained softly, as he concentrated on the winding stretch of asphalt. “Maybe I’m wrong, but I feel as if I’m being punished for the indiscretions perpetrated by the men in your past.”

It was the second time in as many minutes that Kennedy had chastised her. Was he right? Was she punishing him for one man’s infidelity and another’s insensitivity?

Tears welled in her eyes, but did not fall. A tumble of confused thoughts and feelings weighed her down. Biting down on her lower lip, she tried to bring her fragile emotions under control. Against her will, she had fallen in love with Kennedy Fletcher. He was everything she had sought in a man, yet he had become the receptacle for her frustration and disappointments.

“I’m sorry, Kennedy. It is not my intention to lash out at you.”

He lifted an eyebrow. “Apology accepted.” He drove another quarter of a mile, made a sharp left, and continued along a one-lane road until he saw a sign indicating the number of miles to Pennsylvania.

“Do you want to tell me about him?” he asked softly.

“Who?”

“The jock that hurt you.”

Lydia wanted to openly deny she was still carrying the pain of Vincent’s deception, but did not want to lie to Kennedy or to herself.

She knew she had to stop punishing Kennedy because of her inability to move forward emotionally.

She stared out the windshield and exhaled. “I won’t tell you his name, because he’s still playing pro ball.”

“Which league?”

“NBA. I met John Doe in high school. He was a year ahead of me. He was a point guard and captain of the basketball team and I was captain of the girls’ softball team. To say he was popular is an understatement. He had looks, talent, and brains enough to get into Georgetown on a full scholarship.

“He never seemed that interested in me until he came back to speak at our annual sports award dinner. After I was selected best all-around female athlete he approached me and asked if I had a date for the senior prom. Up until that time, none of the boys had asked me because most of them believed the rumors that had been circulating for years about my brothers threatening guys with bodily harm if they even looked sideways at their sisters.”

“Did you go to the prom with him?”

Lydia nodded as a sad smile softened her features. “Yes. We saw a lot of each that summer. I’d applied to a D.C. culinary school, so that fall John and I continued to see each other.

“I talked my folks into letting me share an apartment in D.C. with my best girlfriend who had enrolled at Howard. She had her boyfriend and I had John. When we weren’t studying or when John wasn’t playing ball, we’d all take turns getting together at our respective apartments. I always wound up with the cooking duties.”

“How long did you date John?”

“Almost three years. I saw him for a year before going to bed with him. Meanwhile I’d bragged to my roommate that he was the greatest because he hadn’t pressured me into sleeping with him. She always told me that I was the luckiest girl in the world.

“However, my luck ran out. The NBA came knocking at John’s door, and he had to decide whether to finish college or turn pro. He opted to drop out. The lure of a multimillion-dollar contract with several product endorsements was too tempting to pass up.

“The day he turned pro, his agent held a press conference announcing John was planning to marry at the end of the month. My telephone never stopped ringing with everyone congratulating me on my upcoming nuptials. At first, I was pissed at John for using the media to propose when he hadn’t given me a clue that he wanted to marry before he graduated from college. He called me and said he needed to talk. The fact that he said he needed and not wanted to talk should’ve put me on notice. Well, shame on me for assuming the woman he wanted to marry was me.” Lydia closed her eyes, unable to continue.

“Who was she?” Kennedy asked after a prolonged silence.

“Who do you think?” she said, recovering her voice.

“Your roommate.”

A wry smile twisted her mouth. “Give that man a cigar,” she said cynically.

“What was his excuse for choosing your roommate over you?”

“Georgetown was one of the final four teams during March Madness, and I’d come down with the flu, so I couldn’t make it to an off-campus party. My roommate went in my place. John claimed he and my roommate had a little too much to drink and wound up in bed together. He tried to absolve himself when he said it was only the first time they’d slept together.”

Kennedy’s right hand covered the gearshift in a deathlike grip. “I thought you told me she had a boyfriend.”

“She did when we moved in together. After a while she began complaining about him because he would never have the earning potential John would. Poor Curtis finally had enough of her bitchin’ and moanin’ and moved on.”

“Which opened the door for her to go after your man.”

Lydia nodded, sighing audibly. “I suppose he wasn’t my man if I was also sharing him with another woman—or maybe even other women. My roommate never came back to the apartment to pick up her things. I eventually packed everything and shipped it to her parents. I kept the apartment while I completed the internship; then I gave it up just before I went to Europe. My brother Quintin accused me of running away, and in a way I suppose I was. Living abroad forced me to grow up faster than I would have in the States. The other plus is that I’m fluent in three other languages.”

“Whatever happened to your John and Jane Doe?”

“They were married, and she had a son, then a daughter a year later. Her fairy-tale marriage fell apart when her philandering husband was hit with a paternity suit not from one, but two women within the span of three months. He admitted to sleeping with both of them, so aside from baby mama drama he lost most of his endorsements, because he’d tarnished his role model image.”

Kennedy winced. Whenever celebrities lent their name to a product, it always came with a caveat—behave! That was the reason he hadn’t had a knock-down, drag-out brawl with Lumel McClain. Although he’d opted out of his football career, he had subsequently amassed a small fortune from endorsements and investments.

“Are they still together?”

Lydia smiled. “Oh yeah. I doubt if Jane would ever leave him, because it would mean not living as grand as she is now. They now have four children, and someone told me there’s another one on the way. Seven children before you celebrate your thirtieth birthday must make John feel like quite the man. And I’m willing to bet he’ll have a few more baby mamas before he finds himself broke. All of his children need a full-time father, not someone who’ll drop by a couple of times during the year to play Santa when the mood hits him.”

A pregnant silence filled the vehicle. The compact disc had finished, and there was only the slip-slap sound of the tires on the roadway.

“I’d like to ask you something, Lydia.”

She glanced at Kennedy, wondering why his voice sounded so ominous. “What is it?”

“Do you still love him?”

Lydia was as startled by the question as she was with Kennedy’s impassioned query. “No,” she said softly. “I don’t love him.”

There was another moment of silence before he said, “Good.”

* * *

A plethora of sounds and delicious smells greeted Lydia as she and Kennedy wound their way through a maze of small round tables in the dining establishment in rural southwestern Pennsylvania. The Music Shack catered to every musical genre from classical to zydeco, seven nights a week. Sunday nights featured classic and modern jazz.

A sax player went down on his knees amid rousing applause, holding a high-pitched note for more than two minutes as a chanteuse crooned a Dakota Stanton ballad.

“How did you find this place?” Lydia asked Kennedy once they were seated. The table was perfect. It was close enough to the stage and far enough away from the other diners to ensure a modicum of privacy.

The glow from a small votive on the table was flattering to his features. Lydia found herself transfixed by the hollows in his lean face, by his strong chin and penetrating large dark eyes.

“I found it by accident. Once I moved here I used to take day trips to check out the area. The night I found this place they were playing Delta blues and serving catfish fritters, fried okra, and hush puppies. It was enough to make me forget that I was in Pennsylvania and not Mississippi.”

“Are you saying that the menu coincides with the music?”

Kennedy nodded. “Yes, ma’am. Zydeco night is Cajun and country is Texas-style ribs and fried chicken.”

“What other types of music do they offer?”

“Pop, R-and-B, and Latin.”

“They bring in a different band each night?”

Kennedy reached out and held her hand. “No, sweetheart. The same band plays every night.”

“They’re that versatile?”

“Not as versatile and talented as you.”

Amusement flickered in the eyes that met Lydia’s. “You keep talking like that and I’m going to wind up with a swelled head.”

He tightened his hold on her slender fingers. “You are incredible, Lydia.” In and out of bed, he mused, holding her gaze. A momentary look of discomfort crossed her face before it faded behind a beguiling smile.

“Chef Lord thanks you.”

Kennedy sobered quickly. “I’m not talking about your cooking, Lydia. I was referring to you.”

She attempted to extract her hand, but the fingers clasping hers tightened like manacles. “Don’t, Kennedy.”

“Don’t what?”

“Don’t make it harder on me to leave you at the end of the summer.”

“You, Lydia? Is this all about you? What about me? What about us?”

“I didn’t know there was an us,” she countered.

His eyes widened. “The night you came to my cabin and slept in my bed we became us.”

“You know why I came to you that night.”

“Yes, I know. But the moment you asked me not to leave you, the moment you opened your legs for me, it was no longer you and I, but us.”

Lydia gave Kennedy a long, penetrating look. “What are you saying? What do you want?”

“We’re a couple, Lydia. And to answer your second question—I want you.”

“How?” she whispered, although there was no one close enough to overhear their conversation.

“That will have to be your decision.”

“What if all I want is the summer? That at the end of the camp season I leave whatever we’ve shared together here?”

Shrugging a broad shoulder under his jacket, Kennedy lowered his gaze and his voice. “If that’s your decision, then I have no other choice but to respect it.”

Lydia felt a rush of dread. “Why are you making me out to be the villain, while you become the martyr?”

“Do you feel like a villain?”

Kennedy had eased his hold on her hand, making it easy for her to withdraw it from his warm, protective grasp. “Right now I don’t know what I’m feeling,” she admitted honestly. What she did not want to feel was like a lovesick groupie. When she least expected it, doubts assailed her that if Kennedy hadn’t slept with her, he probably would’ve sought out another female staff member.

“I like you, Kennedy,” she said in a soft, quiet voice, “in spite of my vow that I would never let myself get involved with another athlete. In your case, ex-athlete,” she added quickly, correcting herself.

“That’s my past and your John Doe is your past. What do you say we bury our pasts—right now, tonight?”

Lydia studied him thoughtfully for a moment. She had buried her past when Vincent Haddon walked out of her apartment after he’d informed her that another woman was carrying his child. A satisfied light came into her eyes. “Okay, Kennedy.”

“What do you say we celebrate with a bottle of champagne?”

Her smile was dazzling. “I say yes, but only if you’ll permit me to pay.”

Kennedy shook his head. “The next time, darling.”

“Ken…ne…dy.” His name came out in three syllables. “Lighten up. It’s your birthday.”

“I’ll still pay for it.”

She stared at him, and something in his gaze indicated he would not relent. “Will you let me treat you the next time we go out?”

“No.”

“No?”

Bracing an elbow on the table, he rested his chin on a fist. “Which letter don’t you understand? The N or the O?”

“What can I give you for your birthday?”

“I told you, I want you.”

Resting her chin on her hand, Lydia ran her tongue over her lower lip, bringing Kennedy’s gaze to linger there. “Then you will have me.”

Kennedy felt his flesh between his legs stir with the erotic invitation. It had been more than a week since Lydia had shared his bed, and he wasn’t certain how much longer he could see her and not touch, kiss, or make love to her before he went stark raving mad.

Everything about Lydia had crept under the barrier Kennedy had set up to avoid becoming involved with a woman. He’d loved and trusted Nila. However, she hadn’t loved him enough to believe he could be faithful to her.

He hadn’t lied to Lydia when he told her that he hadn’t lived a monastic lifestyle. But when he shared a woman’s bed it was only for physical gratification, not a declaration or promise of love.

A waiter came over and placed two menus on the table. “Ma’am, sir. I’m Billy and I’ll be your server tonight. Can I start you off with a cocktail?”

Kennedy, staring directly at Lydia, said, “We’ll have a bottle of champagne.”

“Any particular brand, sir?”

“Do you have a preference?” Kennedy asked Lydia.

She smiled at the young server who sported multiple piercings in his left ear. “Do you have Bollinger or Tattinger?”

Billy nodded and smiled. “I know we carry Bollinger.”

“Then, we’ll take a bottle.”

“Yes, ma’am. I’ll be right back with your wine.”

Lydia critically surveyed the restaurant as Kennedy perused the menu. The sextet who had taken a short break returned to the stage.

The singer, a pale woman with platinum blond hair styled in a becoming chignon, appeared to have been poured into her black-sequined gown.

She removed the microphone from its stand. “Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Verona and these guys behind me are some of the most talented musicians in the world.” She waved her hand and each musician rose slightly to acknowledge the applause. “Tonight we’re celebrating the great ladies of jazz: Ella Fitzgerald, Peggy Lee, Rosemary Clooney, Etta James, Julie London, and Billie Holiday. The next song I’d like to sing for you is one of the twentieth century’s best-loved songs, and I’m certain many of you will agree with me.

“However, I’m going to need your help with this one. I’d like for husbands, wives, boyfriends and girlfriends, and those who are visiting the Music Shack for the first time to get up and dance to Etta’s ‘At Last.’”

Lydia was rooted to her chair as Kennedy pushed back his and rounded the table. He extended his hand. “Come, darling. Dance with me.” She placed her hand in his, and he pulled her gently to her feet.

He led her to the area set aside for the dance floor and swung her into his embrace, her arms circling his neck. Everything—the minute particles, fragments, or molecules that had come together to make Kennedy Fletcher the being that he’d become—seeped into her, making them one. Closing her eyes, Lydia pressed her mouth to his throat.

I love this man!

And she did love him despite her vow not to become involved. She had known of the strong passion within her, but it had taken the man holding her close to his heart to ignite it. She had convinced herself that what she shared with Kennedy was nothing more than a summer fling, that she could walk away from him without a backward glance, back to a life and those who were safe and familiar.

Molded chest to thighs, she followed Kennedy as he eased her away from the other couples crowding the dance floor until they were in a corner not far from their table. They kept perfect rhythm—heartbeats, a dip, sway.

Without warning Lydia heard the fortune-teller’s voice: I see two men in your life—one who will come to love you very much and one who will pretend to love you. She went completely still and would’ve fallen if Kennedy hadn’t been holding her.

Kennedy tightened his hold on Lydia’s waist. “What’s the matter?” he whispered close to her ear.

Lydia forced herself to relax. “Nothing.” She hadn’t lied, but then she hadn’t told him the truth either. She was faced with a dilemma—one she had to resolve on her own.

Tilting her chin, she smiled up at him. “Everything is good.”

He returned her smile, executing a step and spinning her around as Verona crooned the ballad with all of the passion that made the song a trademark of the singer who had come to be known as Peaches.

Kennedy pulled Lydia closer. “It’s more than good. It’s perfect.”

His life was perfect because he’d found a woman whose passion, dedication to children, and ambition were similar to his. Lydia was ardently feminine, confident, strong-willed, determined, and while her cool exterior was a foil for a quick temper that made her unpredictable, he knew instinctively she would never bore him.

Burying his face in her hair, he closed his eyes, losing himself in the moment and the woman he’d claimed as his own.

The song ended. Lydia applauded, while Kennedy’s whistle joined those of the other men, who alternated whistling with hooting. The piercing sounds vibrated her eardrum. She gave him an incredulous stare and he flashed a Cheshire cat grin.

Curving an arm around her waist, Kennedy directed her toward their table. “Verona has an incredible voice. You have to hear her do Aretha and Gladys Knight.”

“When is R-and-B night?”

“Thursday. We won’t be able to come this week because I’m going on survival maneuvers with the older boys.”

Lydia had overheard the older campers talking about the three-day expedition, but she hadn’t expected Kennedy to join them. They were scheduled to leave Wednesday afternoon and return to camp Saturday morning.

He seated her, lingering over her head for several seconds. “Are you going to miss me?”

Glancing over her shoulder, she wrinkled her nose. “Now who has the swelled head?”

His hand circled her neck. “Are you going to miss me, baby?” he repeated.

There was a pregnant silence; then Lydia whispered softly, “Yes, Kennedy. I know I’ll miss you.” Lowering his head, Kennedy pressed his mouth to the nape of her neck, eliciting a noticeable shudder from her.

Billy approached the table and set down a large glass bowl filled with ice and a bottle of champagne. Within seconds the sensual spell between Kennedy and Lydia vanished like a puff of smoke on a frigid winter day.





CHAPTER FIFTEEN



Lydia floated in a state of absolute relaxation after her second glass of champagne. Her dining partner, the live music, and the casual, intimate ambience of the Music Shack had enveloped her in an aura of tranquility she hadn’t thought possible.

She forgot that she’d walked away from a position most aspiring chefs would’ve sold their souls to obtain. She forgot Justin’s shocking declaration of love and she temporarily forgot about the space where she’d hoped to establish Lady Day.

Leaning back in his chair, Kennedy watched Lydia as she catalogued the goings-on in the restaurant. “Do you have a floor plan for your restaurant?”

Smiling and nodding, she met his knowing gaze. “Yes.”

He took a sip from his flute. He had barely touched the platter of appetizers, preferring instead to drink the excellent vintage and watch Lydia.

“How about the décor?”

“Contemporary and Asian.”

“Nice combination. Do you have a name?”

“Lady Day.”

Attractive lines fanned out around his eyes when he smiled. “Aha! Quite fitting for Baltimore native Billie Holiday. What will be your seating capacity?”

“No more than sixty. The total capacity cannot exceed eighty-five. I’m projecting fifteen at the bar, and another ten in the waiting area. I’ve been on pins and needles ever since my attorney filed the application with the planning board. The last time I spoke to him he said we should expect to get the approval in a couple of weeks.”

Kennedy was suddenly alert. He’d thought Lydia had inked the deal. “You still don’t have the city’s approval?”

“No.”

“What if you don’t get it?”

Her delicate jaw tightened. “I refuse to think of them declining my proposal.”

“But what if you don’t, Lydia? You must have a backup plan.”

“The alternative is that I go back to work and look for another space.”

“Do you have the required financing?”

Lydia angled her head and smiled at Kennedy. “Why? Are you thinking of investing in my dream?”

“If you need a partner, then let me know,” he said noncommittally.

“Hands-on or behind the scenes?”

“A silent partner, of course.”

Lydia’s large expressive eyes widened perceptively. “Thank you, but no, thanks, Kennedy.”

He leaned forward, took her hand, his thumb caressing the velvety skin on her knuckles. “I want you to promise me that you’ll contact me if you find yourself short on funds.”

She would not need Kennedy’s money, because she’d been preapproved for a business loan to cover construction costs. The proceeds from the sale of her condo would cover furnishings and equipment.

Doubting whether she would see Kennedy beyond the summer, she smiled and said, “I promise.” She placed her napkin on the table. “I’m sorry to be a party pooper, but if I don’t get up I’m going to spend the night in this chair.” Drinking champagne always made her sleepy.

Kennedy glanced at his watch. They’d been at the restaurant for more than two hours. He signaled their waiter for the check, settled the bill, and left Billy a generous tip.

Rounding the table, he pulled back Lydia’s chair, wound an arm around her waist, and led her out of the restaurant to the parking lot. She gasped, but did not protest when he swung her up in his arms and carried her to where he’d parked his Range Rover.

He unlocked the doors with the remote control key chain, opened the passenger-side door, and placed Lydia on the seat with a minimum of motion or effort. Reaching for the seat belt, he secured it over her chest; the back of his hand brushed against her breasts. Both recoiled from the brief contact, their startled gazes meeting and fusing.

“Sorry.”

“It’s all right.”

Kennedy and Lydia had spoken in unison. Even though Kennedy wanted to make love to Lydia, he did not want her to see him as a predator—someone who went after her for her body. If and when they came together for a sexual encounter he wanted it to be with mutual consent.

He closed the door, rounded the vehicle, and sat behind the wheel. Starting up the engine, he maneuvered out of the lot, heading south and estimating he would arrive home before midnight.

* * *

Lydia dozed off and on during the drive, coming awake when all movement stopped. Sitting up straighter, she stared through the windshield. Kennedy had parked his vehicle in a bay in the three-car garage. The other time he had left it in the driveway.

“Don’t move,” he cautioned in a soft voice. “I’ll come around and get you.” Kennedy reached for Lydia’s overnight bag, then scooped her off the leather seat.

“I can walk, Kennedy.” Her protest sounded weak even to her ears.

He kissed her forehead. “You can walk once I get you inside.”

Lydia curled her arms around Kennedy’s neck and rested her head on his shoulder. He carried her with the same ease with which she picked up her toddler nieces and nephews.

Kennedy stopped at a door with a keypad. “Punch in these numbers, then the star key.” He told her the four numbers that would deactivate the lock and turn on the lights on the first floor.

The door opened automatically, and he mounted the four steps that brought them into a mudroom off the kitchen. Once Kennedy stepped into the expansive gourmet kitchen, he set Lydia on her feet.

She turned and stared up at him with a strange expression on her face, and he wondered if she’d changed her mind about spending the night with him.

“What time do you want me to wake you up in the morning?”

A mysterious smile replaced her expression of indecision. “We don’t have to get up that early. Neil is going to cover breakfast and lunch.”

Buoyed by the news that they could linger in bed beyond sunrise, Kennedy reached for Lydia and swung her around and around until she pleaded with him to stop. He did stop, and she clung to him until the room stopped spinning.

When she had deactivated the security system it also turned on a stereo system with hidden speakers positioned throughout the house. The distinctive bass of Soul II Soul’s “Back to Life” filled the space.

Grabbing Kennedy’s left hand, Lydia said, “I love this song. Please dance with me.”

He swayed from side to side, watching Lydia’s slender body moving sensuously to the upbeat song with a distinctive driving bass beat. Everything about her teased and seduced as she closed the distance between them.

Her hands went to his lapels, pushing the jacket off his shoulders. Kennedy froze, holding his breath, stunned as she removed his tie, gold-monogrammed cuff links, and watch, placing them on a countertop. His breath caught in his chest when she unbuttoned his shirt and relieved him of it, as the shirt joined his jacket and tie on the floor tiles. He was forced to exhale when he felt the pressure on his chest. He gasped sharply seconds later once the buckle of his belt hit the floor.

Kennedy couldn’t believe it. The minx was stripping him in the middle of the kitchen without missing a beat. He could not remember when she relieved him of his shoes, socks, trousers, and boxers. What he did remember was a jolt of desire so strong that he groaned aloud.

Lydia placed her hands on Kennedy’s smooth muscled chest and forced him back until a wall stopped his retreat. Seeing him naked and unable to conceal his arousal brought forth a throbbing between her thighs.

Her gaze moved slowly from his taut expression and lower. His clenched fists, half-closed eyes, labored breathing, and the swollen flesh jutting between tight, muscled thighs elicited a boldness that was as foreign as the act she contemplated initiating.

Resting her hands on his shoulders, Lydia molded her breasts to his chest. “I’m going to offer you a very special birthday present. Would you like it now?” she asked, her tongue flicking outward and tracing the outline of his mouth.

Unable to speak, Kennedy nodded like a bobble-head doll. He didn’t know what it was that Lydia proposed doing to him, but he was helpless to resist her. He feared moving because he did not want to spill his passion on the kitchen tile, but in her hot, fragrant body.

Smiling, Lydia pressed a kiss over his left eyelid. “H,” she whispered in a voice so sultry that Kennedy shivered. “A,” she continued, kissing his right eyelid. P was the bridge of his nose, a second P his mouth, and his throat claimed the Y.

“B - I - R - T - H.” These letters began with a series of light kisses starting at his breastbone and ending inches above his belly button. Grasping his hips, Lydia slid down his body. She went to her knees. “D,” she crooned, flicking her tongue into the indentation of his belly button.

“A.” This letter elicited a painful groan from Kennedy that erupted from the back of his throat.

Lydia buried her nose in the inverted triangle of hair cradling his blood-engorged flesh, and breathed her hot breath inches from his maleness.

She prayed she would be able to follow through with her plan to offer up herself to Kennedy as a special gift for his thirty-sixth birthday. One hand on his flat belly and the other cradling his inner thigh, she whispered, “Y.”

Throwing back his head, Kennedy bellowed as if he’d been impaled with a spike as Lydia took him into her hot, wet mouth. Every nerve in his body short-circuited, every muscle quivered. He writhed and jerked as if he’d been hit with bolts of electricity.

Please don’t let me lose it. The litany played over and over in his head as her mouth closed around his rigid flesh and created a rushing, turbulent rapture that weakened his knees.

In.

Out.

Deeper.

Up.

Down.

Around. Around again and again, then up and down his straining shaft.

Her magical tongue, her selflessness, her pure sensuousness hurtled Kennedy beyond himself where he’d become a voyeur in a private coupling he never wanted to end. But sanity surfaced and he knew if he did not stop her, it would be over much too quickly.

“No!” A swath of heat settling in his groin spread, threatening total incineration. “Stop, baby. Please.”

Lydia heard Kennedy’s fervent plea, making her aware of the power she yielded over him. She would stop, but not yet. She wanted him numb and mindless with an ecstasy he’d never experienced with any other woman. In a moment of selfishness, she wanted to imprint herself on his body and memory for all time.

Kennedy tunneled his fingers through Lydia’s hair. Holding her head in a firm grip, he sank down to the floor, forcing her to release him.

“No,” she moaned in protest.

Pressing her back to the floor, he held her captive as his mouth swooped down on hers with the ferocity of a hawk tearing into its prey. He devoured her mouth, his hands searching for the opening to her dress. He found it under her left arm.

“I want you,” he chanted. “I want you so much.”

Unaware she was writhing on the floor beneath her naked lover, Lydia pulled his head to her breasts. She was on fire! She wanted him so badly she bit down hard on her lower lip to keep from shaming herself, to keep from begging him to take her.

“Ah-h!” The gasp escaped her parted lips when Kennedy’s hand moved up between her thighs and under the triangle of silk to find her wet and pulsing. “Love me,” she pleaded in a hoarse whisper.

His eyes, glittering wildly, were fixed on the swell of breasts rising and falling above the revealing décolletage. “We can’t, Lydia. Not here.”

“Why?” Her voice was low, breathless.

“I don’t want to get you pregnant.” She’d asked him to protect her from unwanted pregnancy, and he would. Lydia’s wide-eyed stare reminded him of a deer paralyzed by the brilliance of a car’s headlights. “Do you want a baby?” he asked, thinking perhaps she’d changed her mind.

Lydia’s breath seemed to have stopped in her throat, making speech difficult. The possibility of having Kennedy’s child was not an option. Not at this time in her life, and not when she didn’t know whether he loved her as much as she loved him.

Her eyelids fluttered. “No.”

Successfully masking his disappointment, he swung Lydia up in his arms, stood up, walked out of the kitchen, and headed for the curving staircase leading to the second story.

Shifting her slight weight, he mounted the stairs and made his way along the catwalk and into his bedroom. There was enough light from a half-moon coming in through the clerestory windows and skylights to make out the large bed.

Kennedy placed Lydia on the bed and sat down beside her. He undid the silk ties around her ankles, slipped off her shoes, and dropped them on the carpet. Reaching into the drawer of the bedside table, he removed a condom and rolled the latex sheath down the length of his hardened flesh.

He moved over Lydia’s prone body, cradling her face between his palms, kissing her mouth, the column of her neck, then lower to the base of her throat. He returned to her mouth, his tongue meeting hers in a slow, sensual dance of desire. Her taste, her smell, the silkiness of her skin held him captive, and he wanted to spend hours in her scented embrace and a lifetime in her bed.

Reaching down, Kennedy caught the hem of her dress and eased it up and over her head. Sitting back on his heels, he watched the play of silvered moonlight on her bare breasts, her flat belly, and the womanly flare of hips. He took his time taking off her black bikini panties, leaving her ardently naked for his admiring gaze.

His hand, inching upward, stopped and covered her mound. Her expression was one of bliss as he pressed the pad of his thumb against the swollen nub, massaging it gently. He achieved the reaction he sought as she rose several inches off the mattress.

Supporting his weight on one elbow, he parted her knees with his and pushed slowly into her tight body. Her erotic moan echoed his as he once again lost himself in the erotic torture clouding his brain.

Lydia’s body vibrating liquid fire, she succumbed to the dizzying passion wrought by the hardness sliding in and out of her body in a powerful thrusting that stole the oxygen from her laboring lungs.

Kennedy Fletcher was a thief. He’d stolen her heart and imprisoned her body in a maelstrom of desire only he could assuage.

Kennedy felt the familiar sensation at the base of his spine and quickly reversed their position in order to delay the ecstasy struggling for escape.

Lydia liked being on top, setting a rhythm that quickened, slowed, and quickened again, until she felt his hardness touch her womb. She screamed once, then again and again before collapsing on his chest and melting over his thighs.

Kennedy licked Lydia’s neck and throat, his teeth biting gently into the tender flesh as he yielded to an awesome ecstasy that stopped his heart for several seconds.

Lydia buried her face between her lover’s neck and shoulder, breathing a kiss on his moist skin. “Happy birthday, darling.”

Cupping Lydia’s hips in his hands, he massaged the soft skin on her buttocks. “If I live to be a hundred I’ll never forget this day.”

Snuggling closer, Lydia closed her eyes. “And I don’t want you to.”

Kennedy waited until Lydia was asleep before he gently eased her off his body. She moaned but did not wake up. Pulling a sheet up over their moist bodies, he wrapped an arm around her waist and pressed his groin to her hips. He had never expected the wantonness lurking beneath the surface of the cool exterior of the woman with whom he had fallen in love, the woman he wanted to marry, the woman whom he wanted to bear his children.

Closing his eyes, he joined her in a sated sleep reserved for lovers.





CHAPTER SIXTEEN



Lydia, who awoke before Kennedy, lay motionless as she studied his face in the weak light coming in through the clerestory windows. The shades covering the skylights were drawn, and it was apparent he had gotten up during the night and closed them.

He lay on his side, one muscular arm thrown over her hip. Her gaze shifted upward to his head. The stubble covering his scalp when she first came to the camp had grown out enough for Kennedy to have needed to visit a barber to give him a clean haircut. The color on his upper body was a shade lighter than his face. Peering closer, she saw a spray of freckles across the bridge of his nose. She found it odd that she’d never noticed them before.

As she studied his features she found it odd that he did not resemble either the man or the woman in any of his family photographs on the mantel of the living room fireplace. Had he been adopted like her brother Quintin’s children? He did admit to being an only child.

Lydia stretched out her leg, hoping to ease the pressure of Kennedy’s arm on her hip, and when she looked up she found him watching her.

“Good morning, lover.”

He smiled, and tiny lines fanned out around his large dark eyes. He wrapped his arms around her midriff, bringing her closer to him as they rolled over and over on the king-size bed, stopping near the edge of the mattress.

Burying his face in her hair, he nuzzled her neck. “Good morning, beautiful.”

She giggled like a little girl. “How does it feel to be four years closer to middle age?”

Kenneth cupped her sex, eliciting a shriek from her. “You’ve got jokes?”

Closing her eyes and shaking her head, Lydia gasped. “No-ooo!”

Instead of releasing her, Kennedy eased a finger inside her. “Apologize, baby.”

Instinctively, her body pushed against his hand. “No,” she whispered, a dreamy expression softening her features. Aroused, desire clouding her brain, Lydia couldn’t disguise her body’s reaction as heat rippled under her skin.

As Kennedy stirred Lydia’s passion, his own surfaced. Leaning over, he reached for a condom. Using his teeth, he tore open the packet. He withdrew from Lydia long enough to protect her, and when he joined their bodies he knew this coming together was more than sexual desire.

It was love.

* * *

Lydia moved around the gourmet kitchen with the familiarity of someone who’d spent hours there. What had surprised her when she opened the side-by-side refrigerator-freezer was that it was well stocked with what she needed to prepare an unconventional breakfast.

After their early morning lovemaking, she and Kennedy shared a bath in an oversized tub with pulsing jets, splashing each other like children. The contest ended in a draw when her hair hung limply around her face in wilted strands. She’d offered to cook breakfast, leaving Kennedy to clean up the bathroom and change the bed.

Kennedy walked into the kitchen with one hand behind his back. He stopped short, staring at Lydia as she stood at the cooking island. It was an image he wanted to relive every day for the rest of his life. He wanted to tell her what was in his heart, but decided to wait—wait until he had gained her complete trust. She looked more like a high school student, with her bare feet, oversized T-shirt, and baggy shorts, than a chef. He closed the distance between them, lowered his head, and kissed the side of her neck.

Lydia smiled up at Kennedy over her shoulder. “Where have you been?”

He rested his hands on her shoulders. “Don’t tell me you’re going to be one of those nagging wives?”

“No,” she said quickly, “because I’m not going to become some man’s wife for a long, long time.” She turned to face him. Moisture dotted his forehead, while his T-shirt was pasted to his chest. Her eyes drank in the sensuality of his magnificent physique.

“What were you doing?”

“Working out.”

“Where?”

“There’s a sports club with an indoor track on the property.”

“I miss jogging.” Lydia told him about the sports club in the complex where she’d owned a condominium.

“The next time you come, you can work out with me.”

Lydia met his steady gaze. “There’s not going to be enough time for you to take me to the Music Shack, or come back here to work out. I don’t have a lot of time off, and we only have another four weeks before camp ends.”

Kennedy moved closer. “But does it have to end?”

Her eyebrows lifted. “Camp?”

He shook his head. “No, Lydia. Us. Does it really have to end in four weeks?”

Lydia’s face clouded with uneasiness. Kennedy had just asked a question she couldn’t answer. “I don’t know. Why don’t we talk about this later?”

“Later?”

Resting a hand on the middle of his chest, she felt the steady pumping of his heart under her palm. “Before the end of camp.”

He nodded his approval and placed a bouquet of sweet pea on the countertop. “These should liven up the table.”

Lydia’s gold-flecked eyes brightened with pleasure. “They’re beautiful. Where did you get them?”

“In the field behind the fence the developer put up to keep deer and other wildlife from wandering onto the property. A month after I moved in I got up one morning and found a doe on the patio. I tried chasing her off, and it walked about a hundred feet before collapsing. I called animal control, and by the time they arrived a small crowd had gathered. It became something of a spectacle because the doe had gone into labor.”

“What happened to her?”

“A vet came and assisted birthing two fawns. The authorities transported the entire family back to the forest, and within a month the fence was up.” Kennedy placed his hand on Lydia’s shoulder, the gesture blatantly possessive. “What’s for breakfast?”

“Eggs Benedict.”

“Hot damn! Why don’t you make them at camp?”

“Because I’d never make partially cooked eggs for children. I could always make them safer by heating them to a temperature of one forty for three and a half minutes, but the consistency is not quite the same as poached.”

He dropped a kiss on her shoulder. “I’m going up to shower; then I’ll be back to help you.”

Standing on tiptoe, she touched her lips to his. “Okay.”

* * *

Lydia walked into the dining hall kitchen, her step jaunty. She was blissfully happy. The time she’d spent with Kennedy made her feel like a fairy-tale princess.

* * *

“What are you smiling about?” Neil’s voice broke into her musings.

“I just remembered something.”

Eyes sparkling like onyx and crossing his arms over his chest, Neil regarded her intently. “It must be something very good.”

She sobered. “Why would you say that?”

Pointing to his throat, the assistant chef winked at her. “You’re wearing it.”

Putting a hand over her throat, Lydia made her way over to a mirror. A tiny bruise was visible where Kennedy had bitten her. She dropped her hand. “Please let me use your kerchief.”

“No way.”

“Come on, Neil. I don’t have time to go back to my cabin and get one.”

“I can hear the kids now. Miss Lydia has a hickey.”

She took several steps in his direction as he backed away from her. “Give it to me,” she hissed between her teeth. “That is a direct order.” Lydia reached for him, but he ducked, wrapping an arm around her waist and lifting her off her feet.

“Lydia has a hickey,” he crooned in singsong fashion, tickling her in the ribs.

Giggling uncontrollably, she swatted at him. “Stop, Neil! Please.”

“What the hell is going on in here?”

Lydia froze and Neil set her on her feet. They turned slowly and saw Kennedy glaring at them, his dark face set in a vicious frown.

“We were just fooling around,” Neil said.

Kennedy’s frown deepened. “Fool around on your own time, Lane.”

A shiver of annoyance snaked its way up Lydia’s spine. He had no right to reprimand a member of her staff. Eyes narrowing, she rested her hands on her hips. “Look here, Kennedy—”

“Look nothing, Lydia,” he countered angrily. “I left the list of foodstuffs for the three-day outing with your assistant last week. I told Mr. Lane I needed a breakdown on the number of meals, including restricted diets, by noon today. It is now two-thirty.”

Neil flushed a deep crimson. “I have it.”

Lydia watched, seething, speechless, as Kennedy held out his hand and waited for Neil to give him the information he’d requested. This was a Kennedy she didn’t know, someone who’d become a stranger to her. Even when Neil had warned, “Ken is on the warpath,” following the missing bell clapper, she hadn’t witnessed his temper firsthand.

Neil, glaring at Kennedy, slapped an envelope on his outstretched palm. A tense moment ensued when the two men regarded each other with hostile stares. Neil, the first one to end the stalemate, turned on his heel and disappeared into the walk-in freezer.

The sound of the door closing behind Neil pulled Lydia from her stupor and she rounded on Kennedy. “You have some nerve coming in here—”

“Nerve?” he retorted, interrupting her. “The next time Lane decides to feel you up, have him do it where no one can walk in on you.”

Shock rendered Lydia motionless and speechless as she watched Kennedy turn to leave. She was too stunned by his accusation to scream or cry. They’d parted less than half an hour ago with smiles and caresses that promised a repeat of what they’d shared earlier.

Her love for him was so overwhelming that she had had to bite down on her lower lip to keep from blurting out how much she loved him. Tears pricked the back of her eyelids, and one found its way down her cheek. She swatted at it with her fingertips.

How could she have fallen in love with a man whose generosity and passion were limitless? A man who had taken her to heights of ecstasy she hadn’t known existed. A man who made her forget her vow, a man who’d slipped under the wall she’d erected, refusing to consider marriage and motherhood before she set up her restaurant, and a man who believed she’d deceived him because he saw her in the arms of another.

There was nothing going on between her and Neil except trust—something obviously missing in her fragile relationship with Kennedy.

Trust had sustained her parents’ marriage for more than fifty years, had kept her brothers and sisters and their spouses in healthy relationships, and trust was what she sought from a man more than passion or a declaration of love.

Annoyance replaced her shock. She’d come to Camp Six Nations to gain experience supervising a kitchen, yet she’d allowed herself to be distracted by romantic notions.

A sense of strength came to Lydia. She had only four weeks in which to fulfill her obligation as camp chef. Then she would close this chapter of her life on Camp Six Nations and Kennedy Fletcher, never reopening the book again to relive that experience.

Reaching for an apron, she slipped it over her tunic and secured the ties around her waist. She’d washed her hands in one of four stainless steel sinks when Neil exited the freezer carrying a crate filled with vegetables and herbs for the night’s Chinese theme. His face had regained its normal pallor.

“I’m sorry about that,” she apologized softly.

Neil waved a hand. “I should be the one doing the apologizing. I shouldn’t have touched you.”

Lydia dried her hands on a towel before placing it over her left shoulder. “We were just playing around.”

“I know that and you know that,” he argued softly. “But think of how it must have looked to Ken. I’m willing to suspect that if it had been anyone else, the camp grapevine would be buzzing that I’m hitting on my boss.”

“As long we both know that’s not true, then I’m not even going to think about it.”

“I don’t want Ken chewing you out because of something I’ve done.”

She gave him a steady look. “If I don’t chew you out, then he has no right to do it either.”

Neil began emptying the crate. Chinese white, flowering, and celery cabbage, mustard greens, sugar peas, and bean sprouts filled the preparation table that was expressly for vegetables.

“That’s where you’re wrong, Lydia.”

“Why would you say that?”

Reaching for a cleaver from an overhead hook, Lydia picked up a head of celery cabbage. Using a rocking motion, she sliced it into thin strips for stir-frying.

Neil gave her an incredulous look. “I can’t believe you’re sleeping with the man and he hasn’t told you that he owns this place.”

The cleaver fell to the butcher block with a dull thud. It took all of her self-control not to let Neil see her hands shaking. “What! And who told you I was sleeping with Kennedy?”

Taking several steps closer, narrowing the distance between them, Neil placed his hands on her shoulders. “Me and my big mouth.”

“You better tell me…” Her words trailed off. What could she do to Neil if he decided not to tell her?

“Come, sit down, Lydia.” Neil led her to a pair of stools where they usually sat to discuss menus and recipes.

And like a lamb being led to the slaughter, she followed him. Not only were her hands shaking, but also her heart. It fluttered in her chest like a leaf in a storm.

I’ve been sleeping with my boss. The realization twisted her gut. It was compounded because now others were privy to their affair.

Neil ran his hand over his head, removing his skullcap. “I never should’ve said anything.”

Lydia stared him down. “But you did. Please talk to me, Neil.”

“Jill told me she overheard a conversation between Roger and Ken in which Roger told Ken that the final decision rested with him because he owned Camp Six Nations.”

Now it all made sense to Lydia why Kennedy’s name shared the same position as Roger’s and Grace’s on the table of organization. Why he’d picked up the tab for dinner at the Roadhouse. He must have given himself a gold star for getting her into his bed so easily.

“Who told you I was sleeping with him?”

Neil shook his head. “No one in particular. It came down to coincidence. You and Ken were always away at the same time, and I’ve seen the way he looks at you, Lydia, and you at him. The love is there—big time. I only walked away because I didn’t want to say something that would ruin what you have going with him.”

Lydia placed her hand over Neil’s. “There’s nothing to ruin. Kennedy and I are friends.”

“Sure, boss,” he drawled, his voice heavy with sarcasm.

She still hadn’t confirmed or denied to Neil that she was sleeping with Kennedy, and wouldn’t.

“Remember, you’re the boss for the next two weeks.” She’d deftly changed the subject. “If it’s all right with you, I’ll handle dinner.”

Neil smiled. “I’ll take you up on your offer after I cut up the vegetables.” He removed the handkerchief from his neck, looped it around Lydia’s, tying it neatly over the love bite. “That should silence the wagging tongues.”

Seeing the amusement in Neil’s eyes, she laughed. “Thanks, partner.”

He winked at her. “Don’t mention it, partner.”

They slipped off the stools and began preparations for dinner.

* * *

The notion that he’d become like a few of the men with whom he’d played football who took special glee in causing serious injuries to players from opposing teams frightened Kennedy. Their mantra was: if you can’t take the pain, then get the hell out of the game.

He had played the game of love for the second time in his life, and this time it was he who’d inflicted pain. The look on Lydia’s face when he’d accused her of carrying on with Neil Lane was one he would never forget or want to witness again.

Clenching his teeth tight enough to make his jaw ache, he ran a hand over his face. Maybe I’m not cut out for this love thing, he mused. First Nila and now Lydia.

You take women because you do not want to be alone. The words from the fortune-teller stabbed at his conscience. Was she telling him that he was doomed to repeat Marvin Kennedy’s mistakes? His biological father had spent his life loving and leaving a trail of women so numerous he was unable to recall their names or faces. Marvin, who was content not to marry or father children because he didn’t want to feel “trapped,” made two grievous mistakes—he fell in love with Diane Fletcher and got her pregnant. And despite pressure from his and her family to marry Diane, he deserted her and enlisted in the army, becoming a lifer.

Lowering his hand and letting out his breath in an audible sigh, Kennedy walked up the stairs leading into the main house. He looked enough like Marvin to have been his clone, but that’s where the resemblance ended. He had no intention of spending the rest of his life sleeping with nameless, faceless women to assuage his sexual frustration.

As he opened the screen door and stepped into the spacious entryway he swore a solemn vow: Lydia Lord would become the last woman in his life.





CHAPTER SEVENTEEN



Kennedy retook the chair he’d vacated when he went to the dining hall to retrieve the information he needed from Neil. His gaze swept around the table, lingering on those taking part in the three-day survival-training mission.

“People, let’s finish this up.” His sonorous voice, filled with an authoritative edge, brought the conversations floating around the table to an abrupt halt.

Forcing a smile he didn’t feel at that moment, he read from the report that Neil had put together for him: “We will transport the following food items to the fortress tomorrow morning: powdered milk, eggs, dehydrated potatoes, canned beans, fruit, meatless chili, sardines, and hash. We’ll also take vegetable oil, cornmeal, ten five-gallon bottles of water, bottled reconstituted lemon juice, and baking soda.”

“What about meat?” asked the head counselor for the Mohawks.

Kennedy gave him a level stare. “What about it, Kareem?”

“It sounds as if we’re going to have to be vegetarians for a couple of days.”

“The first thing this expedition will teach you is how to overcome your desire for comfort. It is about learning to survive, not filling up on steak and fries. What we are going to do is a modified version originally commissioned by the Department of the Army to train its special forces in all-climate, all-terrain survival tactics.

“My personal belief is that this type of training should be mandatory for campers, hikers, pilots, and others whose vocation or avocation requires familiarity with the out-of-doors. Most times, if someone is stranded, they won’t have one-tenth of what we’re taking. I hope this answers your question, Kareem.”

Kareem nodded. “It does.”

“Speaking of comfort,” Kennedy continued, “I’d like to inform everyone that we will not have to sleep outdoors on the ground.” A series of high-five handshakes followed this disclosure. “But before you congratulate yourselves, hear me out. The place we’ve named the Fortress will have a wood-burning stove and indoor plumbing with cold running water.”

The head counselor for the Seneca boys raised his hand. “I don’t think the boys will complain too much, but the girls are going to freak if they have to shower in cold water.”

“You ain’t lying,” Roger agreed, laughing with the others.

Kennedy lifted his eyebrows. “Now you guys are thinking like men.”

“That’s because we are men,” Kareem said proudly.

“Didn’t you hear me say wood-burning stove?”

Realization dawning, the men nodded. “Anyone want to place a wager that they’ll heat the water?” Roger asked, smiling.

“No!” came a chorus of deep voices from around the table.

Kennedy laced his fingers together on the table. “The food, canoes, life jackets, first-aid equipment, and medical personnel will go up in the truck Tuesday morning. Remember, counselors, that there are no beds or bunks, which means you’ll have to use sleeping bags. Please check all backpacks to make certain your campers pack enough clothes to sustain them for at least five days. And I don’t have to tell you to confiscate all Walkmen and CD players. Each of you will be given a cellular phone programmed with numbers to the camp and state police in case of an extreme emergency.”

James Bennett, the Seneca counselor, raised his hand again. “Are you going with the truck or hiking up with us?”

Rising to his feet and pushing back his chair, Kennedy clasped his hands together, flexing his massive biceps. “What do you think, Jimmy?”

James held up a hand in supplication. “Oh–kay,” he drawled.

Laughing easily for the first time since witnessing Neil and Lydia together, Kennedy exhaled a normal breath. He had to laugh or joke; otherwise he would return to the dining hall and snap Neil Lane’s neck as easily as he would a pencil.

“We’re done here, folks. Thank you.”

Everyone filed out of the meeting room except Roger. Bracing his hands on the back of a chair, he smiled at Kennedy. “It sounds as if you guys are going to have fun roughing it.”

Nodding, Kennedy returned his smile. “Why don’t you come along with us?”

“I’d consider it if I didn’t have to hike up there.”

“You can always go up with the truck.”

“I don’t think so. There’s no way I’m going to have the campers think of me as a candy-ass.”

Folding his arms over his chest, Kennedy studied the slender, bookish-looking social worker. “But you are a candy-ass, Roger.” He held up a hand when Roger opened his mouth to refute his assessment of him. “You were the one who always bowed out whenever we chose sides for a football game.”

Roger tapped his forehead. “That’s because I’m smart enough not to have you guys open my noggin like a melon, especially you. There was no way I was going to let you tackle me.”

“You still haven’t learned the game. I played offense, not defense.”

“Whatever,” Roger drawled. Like quicksilver, he sobered. “I don’t think I’ve ever asked you this, but do you miss the fame?”

“Don’t you mean the game?”

“No. I meant the fame.”

A hint of a smile softened Kennedy’s strong mouth. “Now, if you’d asked me if I miss the game I’d say yes. Ah, the fame,” he said, shaking his head. “I’m ambivalent about that. I liked what it brought me—money, enough money to fulfill most of what is on my wish list. But then, the flip side was that I had to give up any semblance of a normal life. Most times I felt as if I existed in a fishbowl with everybody watching and waiting for me to mess up. There was one sportswriter who couldn’t find any dirt on me, so he decided to fabricate a story about me and an underage girl in a Kansas City restaurant bathroom. The story was killed because someone at his paper called me before it was printed. That was the ugly side of fame.”

Roger stared at the ex-ballplayer whom he regarded as family. They didn’t share the same bloodline, yet had become cousins once his uncle Philip married Diane Fletcher.

Kennedy had approached him asking his help in establishing a sleepaway camp for underserved inner-city children three years before. His cousin’s enthusiasm was contagious, and before he knew it Roger had agreed to head the planning committee.

Kennedy showed him another side of his personality once he revealed to a landowner the reason he wanted to purchase eight hundred acres of a twelve-hundred-acre plot. Kennedy, aware that the man wouldn’t be able to sell the remaining four hundred acres, offered to buy the entire plot for half the asking price. The elderly man, grateful to unload the property, agreed.

The Camp Six Nations campsite encompassed less than sixty acres, and a developer who wanted to buy a portion of the land to build houses for a retirement community had approached Kennedy with an offer that would become a financial boon.

Roger removed his glasses, pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger. He knew Kennedy wanted to provide financial stability for his parents, and he’d done that. He owned an elegant home in Friendship Heights and a vacation retreat twenty minutes from the campsite. He hadn’t squandered his money supporting an entourage of hangers-on and gold-digging women, or on ostentatious jewelry and cars. He’d become an anomaly among the young athletes who had become instant millionaires with a scrawl of their signature.

Reporters and photographers loved him. He was always approachable and accommodating, but in the end they vilified him once he left the game without an explanation.

“How many more items are left on your wish list?”

Kennedy’s expression did not reveal what he was feeling at that moment. “A few.” And one of the few had a name: Lydia Lord.

“Does she have a name?” Roger asked, reading his mind.

“She does.”

Squinting at a speck of lint on his glasses, Roger rubbed the lens over the front of his shirt. “Do you care to share it with me?”

“I can’t.”

“You can’t or you won’t?”

“Both.”

“Why not, Ken?”

“Because I’m not certain it’s going to work out.”

Replacing his glasses, Roger gave him an incredulous look. “You’re kidding, aren’t you?”

“No, I’m not kidding,” he snapped angrily.

“Yo, cuz, don’t jump down my throat. I’m not your enemy.”

“You’re right. I’m sorry, cuz. I’m going to hang out at my place tonight. I’ll see you in the morning.”

“You’ve been hanging out there a lot, Ken.”

“Yeah, I know. I go there when I need to think.”

“It doesn’t pay to think too much.”

“Save the social work spiel for your clients, Roger.”

“You could use a few sessions on my couch. I won’t charge you.”

“If you think I’m going to spill my guts to you, then you’re crazier than I am.”

Roger’s eyebrows shot up. “Are you crazy?”

“Of course,” Kennedy said glibly. “Falling in love is a bitch!”

He walked out of the meeting room, leaving Roger staring at his back. Kennedy knew Roger wasn’t his enemy. He was family, a friend, and business partner. But on the other hand, jealousy and frustration had become his closest friends, living with him day in and day out.

Why, he mused as he made his way to the parking area, whenever his life spun out of control, was a woman at the center of the morass? It had begun with Cassandra lying to her husband that she’d had an affair with him, Nila’s rejection because she said she couldn’t trust him, and now Lydia. Had he just used up his last strike?

He got into his SUV, started it up, and drove away from the campsite without a backward glance. He needed to put some distance between him and Lydia so that he could think objectively.

* * *

Lydia sat in the middle of her bed, Justin’s unopened letter on her lap. She hadn’t seen Kennedy in days, and knew she would not see him again until Saturday.

When she’d returned to her cabin Monday night, his was dark. No light shone through the windows Tuesday night. Wednesday dawned with nervous excitement floating throughout the camp. Twenty-six campers, head counselors, counselors-in-training, and several staff members were hiking to a remote campsite in the Appalachians for a three-day survival training mission. The campers who didn’t take part in this year’s expedition expressed their impatience with not being old enough to go along.

I miss him. I love him, the voice of truth whispered to her, and Lydia choked back the tears blurring her vision. Just when she’d let go of the pain and bitterness making it impossible to open her heart to love freely, the door had been slammed shut with Kennedy’s unfounded accusation that she was involved with Neil. Could he believe that she was sleeping with him and her assistant? Had he dealt with so many fickle, promiscuous women that he’d lumped her into the same category?

She closed her eyes and let the tears flow. She cried until she was spent, then slipped off the bed and went into the bathroom to wash her face. Instead of returning to the bed, she picked up Justin’s letter and went out to the porch. There was still enough daylight to read the typed words:



Dearest Lydia,

I hadn’t realized how much I’d missed you until I saw you Saturday. I know we’ve had our differences in the past, but I’d like to offer an olive branch.

I know you think I’ve not been supportive of you in your quest to go into business for yourself, but nothing could be further from the truth. I understand more than you’ll ever know, because of my own pursuit, not only to achieve business success, but to prove to my family that I can make it on my own, that I don’t have to become a clone of my father, grandfather, and great-grandfather. How many more Dr. Bankses are needed to deify the Banks name in the annals of medical history?

Lydia smiled. “How right you are,” she said, answering Justin’s query. Her eyes scanned the rest of the page before continuing.



I know I haven’t been very demonstrative when it comes to showing my love for you. The fact remains that I do love you—very, very much. And although we haven’t slept together in nearly a year, I want so much to believe that what we share goes beyond our platonic relationship. I’m totally committed to you—in every way. Remember I’ll always be here if you need me.

Write back soon.

Love, Justin.

P.S. HURRY HOME!

Hurry home? What on earth did Justin mean? When she’d lived in Silver Spring it was either her place, or his place in north Baltimore, and never home.

Justin’s letter disturbed her because it was filled with innuendoes. It was the second time he’d confessed to loving her. Justin loved her and she didn’t love him—at least not the way she loved Kennedy. And she loved Kennedy when he hadn’t told her that he loved her. What a lopsided love triangle if ever there was one.

Leaving Justin’s letter on the recliner, Lydia went into the cabin. As soon as she stepped into the one-room structure she felt as if the walls were closing in on her. Why did the space now appear so claustrophobic?

Removing her cell phone from its charger, she picked up a lightweight blanket and returned to the porch. Sinking down to the recliner, she punched in a programmed number. Her call was answered after the second ring.

“Hello.”

Lydia smiled. “Hi, Victoria.”

“Lydia, I…”

Whatever her sister-in-law was going to say dissolved in a spasm of giggles.

“No-o-o-o, Quintin. Don’t. Please don’t.”

“I told you not to answer the phone. Hang it up, darling, and let me…”

Lydia ended the call, heat stealing into her face. It was apparent her telephone call had interrupted Quintin and Victoria’s lovemaking.

The phone rang, startling her. Peering at the display, she recognized the number and answered the call. “Victoria?”

“I’m sorry about that, Lydia. Did you want to talk to your brother?”

“No. I wanted to talk to you. But I can call back another time.”

“Talk now. Quintin’s gone.”

“Are you sure?”

“What do you want to talk about?”

She’d called Victoria because she found her easier to talk to than her own sisters. Her sister-in-law was more objective and less judgmental than Sharon or Andrea.

“I need your advice.”

“What about?”

A flicker of apprehension flickered through Lydia as she composed her thoughts. “I met someone… I’ve met a man.” There. She said it.

Victoria’s soft laughter came through the tiny earpiece. “Are you saying you went to camp and got bit by the love bug?”

Wrinkling her nose, Lydia could not stop the grin spreading across her face. “Big time.”

“Good for you. Who is he?”

Her grin vanished as quickly as it had appeared. “I can’t tell you. Not yet.” Lydia was forthcoming when she told Victoria about her dates with Kennedy, his promise to take her to Cabo San Lucas, his offer to invest in her restaurant, the fortune-teller’s prediction, and Justin’s declaration of love.

“Has your mystery man told you that he loves you?”

“No.”

“Have you let him know how you feel?”

“No.”

“When are you going to tell him?”

“I’m not. He thinks I’m carrying on with my assistant.”

“He thinks?” Victoria asked.

“He saw us together—”

“Doing what, Lydia?” Victoria interrupted.

“Wrestling.”

“What were you thinking about? How do you think you’d have reacted if you saw him with his hands roaming over another woman’s body?”

Lydia reined in her temper. Victoria had chastised her as if she were an errant child. “I get the picture.” She wasn’t certain how she would’ve reacted if she’d witnessed Kennedy with another woman.

“What are you going to do with Justin?”

“Nothing has changed between me and Justin.”

“You’re going to continue to see him although you’re in love with another man?”

“I broke up with Justin before moving back home.”

“Why?”

“He refused to support me when I told him I was going into business for myself.”

“Lydia, you don’t need his support or his approval. Has he ever asked for yours?”

“No.”

“I rest my case.”

Lydia smiled in spite of the disquiet that would not permit her the ease she sought and needed. “Thanks, Victoria, for listening to me bitch and moan.”

“You’re not bitchin’ and moanin.’ You are in love. And love makes all of us a little crazy at times. I fell in love with your brother, yet I wasn’t able to commit because I knew I’d never be able to give him a child. Once I told him of my infertility he said he wanted me for myself, not for the children I couldn’t give him. If your mystery man is willing to support your business venture and take you away, then I’d say he more than likes you.”

A demure smile lit up Lydia’s eyes. “I suppose you’re right.”

“I know I’m right. Now, are you going to go to your man and explain about you and your assistant?”

Her smile vanished. “Of course not. There’s nothing to explain.”

“Agh! You stubborn Lords and your insufferably stiff-necked pride.”

“Sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will never harm me.”

Victoria laughed. “I think you need some adult company right about now.”

“You’re right about that. Thanks for listening.”

“Not a problem. Call whenever you need to talk.”

“I will. Good night.”

“Good night, Lydia.”

Lydia ended the call, leaving the cell phone on the recliner. Rising to her feet, she walked off the porch toward the flickering flames from the oil drum. The campfire storytelling had begun. She found most of the younger campers sitting together on the carpet of grass listening to Reverend Al as he read Fiddlefingers to his enraptured charges.

She sat down and within minutes the spooky tale of Captain Brassbuttons and his colorful crew of ghost pirates mesmerized her, too.





CHAPTER EIGHTEEN



Eight campers gathered around Kennedy as he knelt on the ground angling a convex lens to catch the sun’s rays on a pile of kindling.

“You must hold the lens so that the sun’s rays stay directed over the same spot until the tinder begins to smolder,” he instructed.

“It’s smoking, Mr. Ken!”

Kennedy nodded. The kindling had begun to smolder. “Blow it gently, Tarik.”

Kneeling down, Tarik blew on the kindling until a flame appeared. A loud cheer went up from the other seven. “We won!” they crowed in triumph, pumping their fists in the air.

Kennedy placed several branches on the kindling, waiting until they caught fire. Coming to his feet, he smiled and touched fists with the campers who’d lined up to congratulate their team leader.

The campers, divided into three teams, were adjusting to roughing it in the woods. The Fortress, built in the 1920s, was used as a hunting lodge. The family of the original owner, who’d made his wealth in West Virginia coal mining, abandoned the property because recurrent strikes by the miners bankrupted the company. The furnishings were stolen, and anything saleable removed, leaving only the shell.

Kennedy purchased the property for a fraction of the back taxes, refurbished it, and made certain it did not lose its rustic charm. There was no modern heating system or any beds because he wanted to discourage squatters from taking up residence when camp wasn’t in session.

The day of their arrival was spent sweeping, dusting, and chopping and gathering wood for the massive stove in the middle of the great room and the fireplaces in each of the other rooms. Aching backs and arms and blistered hands from the unaccustomed heavy labor were all but forgotten once everyone bedded down in spaces warmed and illuminated by the fire in the stone fireplaces. One or two commented about the eerie sounds coming from outside the lodge. The distinctive hoot of owls and the howling of coyotes sent all of them burrowing deeper into their sleeping bags.

Kennedy pointed to two brothers. “Juan and Manuel, go take the fish out of the water. Gregory, are you finished cleaning the leaves?”

Gregory popped up like a jack-in-the box. “Yes, sir, Mr. Ken,” he said, uncovering a square of a canvas lined with large fanlike leaves that would be used to cook the fish they’d caught earlier that morning.

Kennedy beckoned another boy closer. “I want you to put more sunblock on your face and arms.” The boy’s face was almost as red as his flaming orange-red hair.

Kennedy’s chest filled with pride. The boys had come together as a team, working and supporting each other in every assigned task. He only had to demonstrate something once and they understood what he wanted from them.

They’d learned to fashion spearheads from small stones they’d sharpened by rubbing them against rough-surfaced rocks. The pointed stones were lashed to the tips of sturdy branches with vines or strips of fabric. They’d sat patiently in canoes until spying a fish, then struck with precise accuracy over and over. They’d attached their catch to a line fashioned by tying shoelaces together.

Reaching into the pocket of his shorts, Kennedy removed a multipurpose knife. “Now we’ll clean our lunch.”

“No fair, Mr. K,” Mustafa wailed, pointing to the knife. “You said we had to make our tools.”

Kennedy stared at the boy. “Either I use this knife or you won’t eat until you make your own knife. What’s it going to be?”

“Yo, Mustafa, shut up!” shouted a fellow camper.

Kennedy shot the camper a warning stare. “Watch your language.”

“Sorry,” he said, apologizing.

The group sat on the ground, watching Kennedy as he removed the heads, then split and gutted ten largemouth bass. “We’ll bury the heads and entrails for scavengers.”

The fish seasoned with herbs from the camp’s kitchen were wrapped in leaves and cooked over the open fire. Mouthwatering smells filled the air as everyone enjoyed a midday meal of broiled fish and a salad of fresh-picked dandelion leaves, wild onions, and blackberries with a tart lemon dressing.

Propping his back against the trunk of a massive tree, Kennedy kept watch while everyone settled down before heading back to the Fortress. It would be the last night they’d sleep in the mountain retreat.

He’d been so involved with the campers that he hadn’t had time to think about Lydia—at least not until he retired for bed. As he lay in his sleeping bag, everything about her came rushing back as if she were lying beside him.

Even with his eyes closed he still could see the delicate bones in her face, the temptingly curved mouth he wanted to kiss over and over, the length of her lashes that concealed her large gold-brown eyes; still could sense her smell, a sweet haunting fragrance that had become a hypnotic aphrodisiac. He forced himself not to think of her body for fear his own would betray him. The first night he’d lain awake for hours waiting for his flesh to return to a flaccid state.

The expression on her face when she realized he’d seen her and Neil together was one he would carry to his grave. It was an expression of openness, innocence, a plea for understanding, while he’d been too incensed to register it at the time. It said she had done nothing wrong.

His life had come full circle.

Four years ago Nila had walked out on him because she believed he had been involved with another woman.

And now he had walked away from Lydia because he believed she was involved with another man.

When had he become so self-absorbed, believing it had to be either his way or no way?

Did he still believe the hype that had been so pervasive during his football career? That he could have any- and everything he wanted because he was Kennedy Fletcher? Had the feeling of entitlement persisted although he was no longer a sports icon? Had he sought to hold on to Lydia beyond the summer when he’d offered to invest in her business venture?

The questions bombarded him relentlessly, and he knew he had to resolve his dilemma before he returned to the campsite. Lydia wanted to wait until just before the end of the camp season to talk about their relationship. There were three weeks left, and as far as Kennedy was concerned, it was close enough to the end to where their relationship had to be resolved one way or the other.

* * *

Lydia stared at the blinking cursor on the laptop screen, calm and resolute in her intent. A call from her attorney the night before delivered bad news. The building’s owner had rejected her proposal. Now she would have to begin the process all over again. She sulked for an hour before deciding it was time to move forward. And moving forward meant reconciling with her past.

Justin Banks was her past. He’d written her twice, the second letter more passionate and intense than the first.

Her fingers poised on the keyboard, she composed her thoughts, before she typed:



Justin,

I received both your letters. Thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to write.

I’m flattered by your declaration of love and marriage proposal; however, I’m unable to reciprocate in kind. I’d be a liar if I said I don’t have feelings for you. I like and respect you and will always value our friendship. But that is all we have: friendship.

I would’ve preferred telling you this in person because I don’t want to appear cowardly. I’ve always been direct with you, sometimes much too direct, but I implore you to move on, Justin. I have.

This is not about us.

It is about me, me finding my center, me coming to grips about what I want for my future and myself. I’m unable to accomplish this as long as I’m involved with you on any level.

I humbly ask you to respect my wishes.

I remain,

Lydia.

She read the message once, twice, then hit the Send button before she could change her mind. She hadn’t wanted to tell Justin to move on, yet she’d never been able to deal with innuendoes with him. Once Justin received her e-mail she knew he would cease being one of the two men in her life.

Logging off, she put away the laptop at the same time a loud roar came from the direction of the dining hall. It was obvious Kennedy, the Mohawk and Seneca boys, and their counselors had returned.

Neil walked through the swinging doors, smiling. “They’re back.”

She nodded, returning his smile. “I can hear them.”

“They look like lean, mean fighting machines.”

“Three days without snacks will do that.”

Neil washed his hands in a sink with an antibacterial soap, his sharp midnight gaze fixed on Lydia as she lined a large pan with pieces of marinated chicken for the next day’s dinner.

“I just spoke to Kennedy,” he said without preamble.

Lydia’s hands did not falter as she continued filling the baking pan. “What about?” Her voice was calm and neutral as if they were discussing the weather.

“About us.”

She froze, then turned slowly to meet Neil’s direct stare. “What about us, Neil?”

“I told Kennedy there was nothing going on between us. I also told him that I’m attempting to reconcile with my wife, and I’d never do anything to jeopardize that.”

Pulses racing, Lydia tried to control her fragile emotions as a dizzying mixture of hope and fear held her captive. “What did he say?”

“He said, ‘thank you.’”

“That’s all he said?”

“Do you want me to go back and ask him to elaborate further?”

“No,” she said quickly. “Please don’t.”

She would wait, wait for Kennedy to come to her.

* * *

Kennedy stood on the top step, staring through the screen at Lydia as she slept on the recliner. She hadn’t lit the votives or turned on the stereo, leaving the porch in silence and in the shadows.

He felt like a voyeur watching her sleep, but he needed to drink his fill before making his presence known. Opening the screen door, he stepped up onto the porch, holding the door until it closed with a soft click. The sound was enough to alert Lydia that she was not alone. Why hadn’t he noticed she was a light sleeper?

Lydia sat up. She stared wordlessly at Kennedy, her heart pounding a runaway rhythm that left her light-headed. Neil was right. He was leaner, the angles in his face more pronounced.

“Hello.” Her husky greeting shattered the suffocating silence.

Kennedy inclined his head. “Good evening, Lydia.”

She gestured to the matching recliner. “Would you like to sit down?”

“Thank you.”

We’ve become polite strangers. The realization rocked him as he lowered his tall frame down to the recliner. He had no one to blame but himself for the abrupt shift in their relationship.

Lydia pressed her head to the cushioned back and schooled her features not to reveal her inner turmoil. She wanted to crawl onto his lap, curve her arms around his strong neck, while inhaling his potent masculine scent. She wanted Kennedy, but needed him more.

“How was roughing it in the mountains?” She had to say something, anything to break the silence.

“It was good. The boys really enjoyed it.”

“Will the girls go through the same training?”

A slight smile parted Kennedy’s lips. “Yes. I don’t want to be accused of gender bias.” There was enough light to make out Lydia’s face in the shadowed twilight that draped the landscape in a blue-gray veil. “I’ve come to apologize for the comments I made about you and Neil.”

To her surprise, Lydia felt no joy or victory from his admission of guilt. It was her turn to incline her head. “I accept your apology.”

Kennedy stared at her long bare legs under a pair of cutoffs. “I’d like to talk about us.”

“Talk, Kennedy,” she urged softly.

Giving her a long, penetrating stare, he said, “I love you.”

An audible gasp slipped past her lips. Wide-eyed, she stared at Kennedy. He loved her, and she loved him.

I see two men in your life—one who will come to love you very much and one who will pretend to love you. I see confusion, lots of confusion, and some disappointment. You will cry. You will smile.

Why was it she could remember Mariska’s prediction verbatim when she sometimes struggled to remember the ingredients that made up her favorite dish?

Was Kennedy the man who would pretend to love her? Had he admitted loving her because he didn’t want her to stop sleeping with him?

A tense silence enveloped the porch as Lydia wrestled with her conscience as to whether she would be able to reveal to Kennedy what was in her heart, yet something cautioned her not to speak.

Kennedy knew he’d shocked Lydia with his unexpected declaration of love, but he would’ve thought she would say something. Anything. A rejection was preferable to complete silence.

Pushing off the recliner, he stood up. “Good night.”

Lydia did not move when she heard the soft click of the door closing behind Kennedy, sitting in the same position and recalling the events in her life as if viewing frames of film.

* * *

Night covered Camp Six Nations like a quiet, warm blanket, and she took comfort in its darkness. It hid her fears, insecurities, and false bravado. As the youngest of nine it had always been, “look at me,” “listen to me,” “why can’t I go with you?” or “I’m not too young.” She had been so pampered, protected, and overindulged that at thirteen she’d seriously considered running away to seek her fortune. The only time she felt completely secure was in the kitchen. She was in control whether whisking, sautéing, frying, baking, broiling, or braising.

It took over an hour of self-reflection for her to equate loving a man with the loss of her independence and identity, because she had never been able to give herself completely to any man—any except Kennedy. She knew it was the reason she’d never experienced sexual fulfillment with the men in her past. She’d been the one to hold back for fear of losing a part of herself.

The harder she tried to ignore the truth, the more it nagged at her: she loved Kennedy Fletcher enough to spend the rest of her life with him. He had come to her baring his soul and she’d sat mute, unable to form a response.

She’d taken the coward’s way out and e-mailed a rejection to Justin, but she didn’t intend to be a coward twice in one day. Swinging her legs over the side of the recliner, she stood up and pushed open the screen door with a force that left it banging against the frame.

Lydia hadn’t taken more than twenty steps when a tall form loomed over her. “Where are you going?”

Tilting her chin, she stared boldly up at Kennedy. She could tell he’d showered, because the smell of soap lingered on his body. “I was coming to see you.”

“Why?”

“I have to tell you something.”

“Make it quick, because I’m going for a walk.”

She swallowed to relieve her suddenly dry throat. “I love you, Kennedy Fletcher.”

And as casually as she would tell someone the time of day, she turned and made her way back to her cabin. Her retreat was thwarted by the firm grip on her upper arm.

Kennedy spun her around, pulling her up close to his chest. “Don’t play games with me—”

“I’m not playing a game,” she said, cutting him off. “I love you even when I don’t want to love you.”

His hands moved up and cradled her face as gently as one would delicate crystal. “Why don’t you want to love me, baby?”

Tears flooded her eyes with the endearment. “Because I don’t want to lose my independence.”

The pads of Kennedy’s thumbs moved over her cheeks in an attempt to wipe away her tears. “Is that really what you believe?” She nodded. Lowering his head, he kissed her parted lips. “Wrong, sweetheart. I fell in love with you because of your beauty, passion, talent, and independence. I have no use for a needy, insecure woman who’ll bore the hell out of me because she feels I’m not giving her enough attention.”

“I used to be like that,” Lydia admitted softly, smiling through her tears. “Once my brothers were old enough to drive and date, I used to throw tantrums because I was no longer the center of their universe. But once my body began maturing, everything changed. They, along with my father, scared away every boy who had enough nerve to glance my way. That’s why I was so inexperienced with Vince…” She’d caught herself just in time.

“Vincent Haddon.”

Her jaw dropped. “You knew who I was referring to?”

“Yes. The only thing I’ll say about him is that he’s a very talented jackass. Now, back to your brothers. Are any of them my height or weight?”

She shook her head. “No. How tall are you?”

“I’m six five and weigh 224.”

Lydia shook her head again. “Dwayne has gained at least fifteen pounds, but I still don’t think he weighs as much as you do. Why did you ask about my brothers?”

“I like to know what to expect before I meet them.”

“Are you talking about mixing it up with my brothers?”

Kennedy angled his head. “Won’t be none, if they don’t start none.”

She pulled out of his loose embrace. “Oh no, Kennedy. I’ll not have you brawling with my brothers.”

He lifted an eyebrow. “There won’t be any need for a brawl as long as they’re not penalized for interference.” Reaching for Lydia again, Kennedy pulled her to his chest. “All I want to do is rush for one more touchdown with you as the extra point.”

“What are you talking about?”

Kennedy knew what he was about to say would change him, Lydia, them—forever. “Will you marry me, Lydia Lord?”

Her eyes filled again. “I came here to cook, not pick up a husband.” Brushing his lips over hers, Kennedy tenderly kissed the corners of her mouth. “That’s an illegal play,” she gasped as he nibbled her lower lip.

“There’s no flag on the field,” he countered, breathing heavily.

Lydia giggled, her arms tightening around his neck. “And there won’t be.”

Bending at the knees, Kennedy swept her up into his arms, carrying her back to her cabin. He sat on the recliner, bringing her down to straddle his lap. “I’m still waiting for an answer.”

Smiling, Lydia rested her forehead against his. “I thought I said yes.”

“No, you didn’t.”

“Yes, I did,” she argued softly.

Cupping her hips, he pulled her closer. “Say it, baby.”

Lydia moved her hips in a rocking motion, eliciting the reaction she sought as Kennedy groaned as if in pain.

“I said yes, yes, yes, yes!”

Kennedy buried his face in her hair, breathing a kiss on her scalp. If possible, he would marry Lydia the next day, but knew he couldn’t. It would be another three weeks before camp ended, and he had to go to Alabama to see if he was a donor match for Marvin.

“Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,” he whispered over and over. Once his heart resumed its normal rate, he said, “I’d like to marry you before the end of the year.”

Pulling back, Lydia tried making out his expression in the darkness. “Why the rush?”

“If I’m not giving you enough time, then we’ll hire a wedding planner to put everything together.”

“I don’t need a wedding planner, Kennedy. I just thought you’d want a longer engagement.”

“Four and a half months is long enough.” He winked at her. “If I give you too much time you’ll bolt. Something tells me you might be a flight risk.”

She slapped playfully at his shoulder. “No, I’m not. Once I commit to something I go all the way.”

“I don’t ever want you to believe that I’m not totally committed to you,” he said in a tone filled with raw emotion. The love he felt for the woman on his lap radiated from his adoring gaze. “What’s your ring size?”

“Five. Look, Kennedy, I—”

He stopped her protest with an explosive kiss that left both of them breathing heavily. “Whenever you say, ‘look, Kennedy,’ I know I’m in for a tongue-lashing, so I suggest you think before you speak, because once we’re married you’ll find yourself on your back so often that you’ll forget how to walk upright.”

She placed one hand over his mouth and the other over his groin, squeezing gently. “You can’t threaten the referee, darling. Do you know why?” Unable to speak, he shook his head. “Because the penalty will be the happy birthday song.” Eyes widening, Kennedy bolted off the recliner, bringing her up with him.

When Lydia had taken him into her mouth she had stripped him bare, leaving him vulnerable as a newborn and malleable as soft clay. Each time he lay in her scented embrace he surrendered all he had, all he was to her.

“I don’t want to make love to you again until we’re married,” he whispered close to her ear.

Her face clouded with uneasiness. “Why not?”

“I want you for you.” He placed a hand over her heart. “I want what comes from here to be the most important thing in our marriage, not what is between your legs. Remember, you’re my fiancée, not my groupie.”

“What would I have to do to be a groupie?”

“Hang around stadium exits after the games, in hotel lobbies, and of course at the bars and clubs where the players usually get together. Most of the women are looking for husbands, a few want babies just to say they’re someone’s baby mama, while others sleep with the players just because they can. Now, do you think you can wait?”

Her smile was dazzling. “I waited for you, didn’t I?”

He chuckled, the sound coming from his chest. “Yes, you did.” Like quicksilver, Kennedy sobered. “It may be a while before I will be able to meet your family. I have to go to Alabama, and I’m not certain how long I’ll be there.”

Vertical lines appeared between Lydia’s eyes. “Are you all right?”

“I’m fine.” He was in the best condition that he’d been in for years. The exception was his first year in college when he’d trained for the Olympics, qualifying for the two- and four-hundred-meter runs and the four-hundred-meter relay. He won the bronze medal in the two-hundred-meter and the gold in the relay.

Reaching up, she trailed her fingertips over the stubble on his jaw. “You’re not hiding anything from me, are you?”

“Don’t tell me you’re going to be one of those nagging wives?” As soon as the question left his lips, he realized it was the same thing he’d asked Lydia the morning she’d prepared breakfast at his house. Her comeback had been that she wasn’t going to become some man’s wife for a long, long time. However, within the span of a week she’d changed her mind.

Flashing a sensual pout, she crooned, “Now, you know you wouldn’t love me any other way.”

“You’re right about that. Come, let’s get you into bed. I don’t want you to have bags under those golden eyes because I’ve kept you from your beauty sleep.”

She put her fingers to her lips before pressing them to his. “The proposal for my Lady Day was rejected.”

Kennedy gave her a level stare. “Don’t worry about it, baby. We’ll talk about it later.” He kissed her tenderly. “Good night.”

“Good night.”

Kennedy stood on Lydia’s porch, waiting for her to turn off the light. Then he returned to his own cabin, this time to sleep. When he’d decided to go for a walk he never knew it would result in a marriage proposal.

Lydia had asked him if he was all right. He was better than all right. His life was as close to perfect as it could get.





CHAPTER NINETEEN



It took Lydia more than twenty-four hours to accept that she would change her marital status before the end of the year.

She told Kennedy that she wouldn’t tell her family of their engagement until he concluded his business in Alabama. What she didn’t want was a repeat of the humiliation she’d endured after Vincent’s publicized engagement.

Her whole being seemed to be filled with waiting—waiting for the end of the camp season, waiting for approval of her restaurant proposal, waiting for the day when Kennedy would meet the Lords, and waiting for the moment when she would exchange vows and become Lydia Lord-Fletcher.

She sensed a change in Kennedy, too. He appeared calmer, less reflective. His interaction with the campers became almost paternal. Many of the boys who had little or no contact with their fathers came to him with their doubts and fears instead of seeking out the on-site social workers. Kennedy asked one of the social workers to talk to nine-year-old Seneca Mustafa Johnson after the boy refused to get out of bed one morning because he didn’t want to return to his group home.

Mustafa wasn’t the only camper who had begun acting out. Many of the others also feared leaving their summer home and new friends in less than three weeks.

* * *

Lydia sat on a stool in the kitchen in a corner where she’d set up her makeshift office, checking her meat inventory on the laptop. She’d decided to hold the second Family Reunion Sunday outdoors, taking advantage of the warmer weather.

The work on the massive barbecue pit completed, its chimney rising ten feet, it stood ready for the half dozen suckling pigs she’d ordered for the farewell dinner.

She checked off her meat selections, then went online to send it electronically, noting she had mail. She clicked on the icon. Justin had answered her e-mail.



Lydia,

It was cowardly to e-mail me when a telephone call would’ve been more socially correct. And I’m certain your mother brought you up better than that. Speaking of mothers—when I told my mother that I’d asked you to marry me she appeared quite pleased with my choice. She feels because you come from a good family that she would be proud to have you as her daughter-in-law, but since your last e-mail her impression of you has changed drastically. I don’t need you to tell me to move on. I have.

Justin.

“Well, thank you very much, Mr. Banks,” she said to the computer monitor.

“Who are you thanking?” Neil said, leaning over her shoulder.

“No peeking,” she chided, deleting the message.

Neil straightened. “Do you want coffee?”

Lydia gave him a skeptical look. “You’re making coffee this morning?” Neil had never brewed coffee.

“Sure. Why not?”

“I don’t know. This is the first time you’ve volunteered to do it.”

Reaching for his skullcap, he covered his head. “There’s a first time for everything.”

“Speaking of first time, I’m going to use the outdoor barbecue for tonight’s dinner and tomorrow’s family reunion gathering.”

Neil gave her a bright smile. “Good move. Will the kids eat out tonight, too?”

“Yes. We’ll set up some of the tables and benches for those who prefer eating outdoors. It’s time we go into wind-down mode.”

“What do you want for tonight?”

Lydia met Neil’s gaze, holding it. “Let’s go with a tailgate party theme. Burgers, franks, giant heroes, wraps, stuffed pitas, and salads.”

Neil nodded. “I’ll take care of today, and you can start on tomorrow’s menu.”

She saluted him. “Aye-aye, boss.”

He blushed to the roots of his coal-black hair. “Don’t go there, Lydia.”

“Why not? You’re a good supervisor, Neil.”

“I don’t want to supervise anyone. I just want to cook.”

“Would you work for me?”

“In a heartbeat,” he said quickly.

Moving off the stool, Lydia rested her hip against a serving table. “I’m planning to open a downtown restaurant next spring. I’d like you to come work with me.”

Neil smiled. “Let me know when, and I’ll be there with my toque in one hand and a whisk in the other.”

Her smile matched his. “Thanks, partner.”

Winking, Neil said, “No, thank you, partner.”

* * *

Kennedy, the counselors, the female campers, and the support staff who had spent three days at the Fortress returned to Camp Six Nations late Saturday afternoon exhausted, but elated because of the expedition’s success. The girls had learned to erect a swamp bed to counter sleeping on the wet ground.

Their spirits were revived after they sat on the grass rather than at the tables, eating, talking, and singing along with the upbeat music coming from overhead speakers.

Mustafa trailed behind Kennedy like a lost puppy, talking nonstop. He hadn’t seen Mr. K for three days, and he wanted to tell him all that had happened at camp during his absence.

Kennedy placed a hand on Mustafa’s head. “Excuse me for a few minutes, buddy. I have to talk to Miss Lydia.”

“I’ll go with you, Mr. K.”

“No, you can’t.”

“Why? You don’t want me to hear you talk to her?”

Kennedy turned his head to keep Mustafa from seeing his wide grin. “Miss Lydia and I have to talk about grown-folk things. Now I want you to go finish eating.”

“Okay, Mr. K. I’ll see you later.”

“Later, Mustafa.”

Walking toward Lydia, Kennedy thought about Mustafa. The child lost his mother after she died from injuries in a hit-and-run accident the year he turned six, and because there was no father listed on his birth certificate he became a ward of the state when no relatives came forth to claim the boy.

There were thousands of Mustafas, children in the foster care system falling between the cracks, who if given the right opportunity would flourish and become the brightest and best of their generation.

Picking up a plate, he stared at Lydia’s back as she flipped burgers on the grill. Today she wore a toque instead of her usual bandana.

“I’d like a burger, please.”

Turning slowly, Lydia smiled at her fiancé. Her smile faded quickly when she took in his appearance. He hadn’t shaved. He sported a short beard. His face was leaner and much darker from all of his outdoor activity. She peered around him.

“Where’s your buddy?”

“Who?”

“Mustafa.”

Leaning closer, Kennedy whispered, “I told him that I had to talk to you.”

“The kid is going to lose it when all of this ends.”

Kennedy’s brow furrowed. “I know. The social workers are going to have their work cut out for them helping the kids adjust to separating from their counselors and friends.”

“I’m not talking about the other kids, Kennedy. I’m talking about Mustafa. The other children are going home. He’s going back to a group home.”

“I know that.”

“I just want you to be aware of what’s going to happen once he has to separate from you. You’ve coddled and protected him all summer. He sees you as a surrogate father.”

“He doesn’t have a father.”

Lydia kept her features deceptively composed. “That’s something you can’t forget.”

Kennedy frowned. “What are you implying, Lydia?”

She turned back to the grill, checking several burgers for doneness. Facing him again, she met his angry stare. “Don’t mess with the kid’s head. If you’re going to play daddy, then go all the way with it. If not, then pull back now.”

His frown vanished, wiped away by an expression of astonishment. “Are you saying you’re willing to…” His words trailed off as he pointed to Lydia, to himself, and then signaled with his thumb over to where Mustafa sat with the other boys in his cabin.

Lydia nodded, saying brightly, “How would you like it, Mr. Ken?” Several counselors had gathered at the grill.

Kennedy’s gaze moved with an agonizing slowness over her face, lingering briefly over her mouth before it eased lower to the pristine white tunic and apron and down to her black pin-striped pants and leather clogs.

“Medium-well.”

She held his gaze. “Would you like anything else from the grill?”

“What do you have?”

“Hot dogs, kielbasa, and butterflied lamb.”

“Give me one of each.”

Lydia deftly caught the grilled meats between a pair of tongs, placing them on Kennedy’s plate. “Hungry, Mr. Ken?”

Forcing back a smile, he winked at her. “Starved.”

“Good. Then you should try the side dishes.” She dismissed him without another glance, smiling at a counselor. “What can I get for you, Robin?”

* * *

Lydia sat on the edge of the pier next to Kennedy, her bare feet dangling in the water. The sun had begun to set and the sky was the same color as the bloodred oranges she used for her orange gelato.

Kennedy pulled his knees to his chest, clasped his arms around his legs, and stared at the small houses across the lake. Three sun-browned, towheaded children ran and jumped into the lake, frolicking like baby seals. “I bet they learned to swim before they could walk.”

Lydia felt something brush her toes. She pulled her feet out of the cool water, leaned back on her hands, and stared at the young swimmers. “You’re probably right. None of them are wearing life jackets.”

An overhead screeching sound drowned out the children’s laughter, and Lydia and Kennedy glanced up to find a circling red-tailed hawk.

“He’s probably looking for his dinner,” she said softly.

Straightening his legs and lying on his back, Kennedy stared up at the emerging constellations in the summer sky. “Speaking of dinner. Everyone liked eating outdoors.”

Lydia glanced at Kennedy. He was so still he could’ve been a statue. “I wanted to make certain the grill was working before we have our family reunion gathering tomorrow.”

“Two more Sundays, then it’s over.” There was a wistful quality in his voice.

“It’s been good, Kennedy.”

“Yes, it has.”

“Did you know it would be this successful?”

Kennedy pondered her question. “Why would you ask me that?” He’d answered her question with one of his own.

She shifted her hips and faced him. “What made you come up with the idea to set up a camp?”

He sat up without using his arms to propel him forward. “Who told you? When did you find out?”

“Someone told someone else that they overhead Roger mention that you owned the camp. I found out the day after your birthday. Why didn’t you tell me?”

His eyes burned her face with their intensity. “Would you have slept with me if you’d known?”

She shook her head. “No. I would never sleep with my boss.”

A knowing smile softened the sharp angles in his bearded face. “That’s why I didn’t tell you,” he drawled, returning to his reclining position.

Lydia rolled her eyes at him. “So, you knew all about me even before I got here. Whose idea was it to put me in the cabin next to yours?”

“Roger’s. I may have financed the camp, but Roger and Grace run it. I didn’t know you’d come on as a volunteer until Roger called and told me that he’d accepted the last two wait-listed campers. I’ll admit that I was very curious about the woman who would work a twelve-hour day for no pay.”

Lydia moved close enough to feel Kennedy’s body heat seeping into hers. “I sold my condo and moved back home, so financially I’m not doing too badly. I was going to use the proceeds of the sale to furnish the restaurant if it had been approved.”

“Put your money in tax-free municipal bonds for our children’s college fund.”

She went completely still. “What!”

“I’ll finance the construction of your restaurant.”

Lydia sprang off the pier as if a wire had jerked her up. “I can’t take your money.”

Closing his eyes, Kennedy rested his head on folded arms. “Why can’t a husband underwrite the expenses for his wife’s business venture?”

“Because it’s my business venture, Kennedy.”

His jaw tightened. “It’s not your money or my money, your business venture or my business venture, your children or my children. It’s ours, Lydia.”

“I told you I wasn’t a gold digger,” she mumbled under her breath.

He opened his eyes, glaring at her. “If you keep running off at the mouth, then I’ll have my attorney draw up a prenuptial agreement. If we split up, then you can walk away with whatever you brought to the marriage, and I’ll take the rest.”

Eyes narrowing, she thrust her face close to his. “I believe in death, not divorce.”

Reaching for her hand, Kennedy held it firmly, as laughter rumbled in his broad chest. “I take that to mean that we’ll be together for the rest of our lives.”

“Yes, it does.”

He tightened his grip on her fingers. “I want you to look for property where you’d like to build your Lady Day. Check with the zoning boards to make certain they’ll approve your parking accommodations, ingress, and egress.”

“You’re really into real estate, aren’t you?”

“I picked up what I know from my dad. He’s an underwriter, but he has a nose like a hound dog when it comes to real estate. When I got my signing bonus his advice was not to squander it on cars, jewelry, or women, but invest in property.”

“It sounds as if you’ve been a good son.”

“Not as good as I’ve been obedient. Speaking of children. What was that comment about me and Mustafa?”

“Do you want him, Kennedy?”

Kennedy repeated Lydia’s query to himself, his heart pounding against his ribs like the rumble of a runaway freight train. She had read his mind. There was something about Mustafa that pulled at his heart the way no other child he’d ever met had done. During his pro ball days, he’d visited schools, hospitals, and community centers to distribute toys, sign autographs, or present a check during a photo-op, meeting thousands of boys and girls who looked up to him as if he were an immortal being with superhuman powers. Not one of them, not even those with terminal illnesses, had touched him like Mustafa Johnson.

Holding his breath until he felt his lungs laboring, Kennedy let it out slowly “Yes, darling. I want him.”

Lydia knew the state would have to conduct an exhaustive search to ascertain whether Mustafa had any surviving relatives who could possibly want to adopt him.

She rested her head on Kennedy’s shoulder. “Then you should have him. I know someone who can help you with the legal paperwork. Her name is Caroline Bennington. She’s the sister of a family friend who handled all of my brother’s adoptions. Once she wades through all of the bureaucratic red tape, we might be able to finalize everything before the end of next year. Meanwhile, you can always petition social services to become a foster father.”

Kennedy was so overwhelmed with emotion that he couldn’t move, speak, or swallow. He’d fallen in love with an enigma, a woman who would continue to challenge, shock, and amaze him.

Two weeks into the camp season he had known he had to rescue Mustafa from the foster care system. He was prepared to become a single father, but having Lydia in their lives completed the family unit.

“Are you certain you want to start out with a ready-made family?” he asked, recovering his voice.

Lydia nodded. “It’s no longer an oddity for couples to marry and become a blended family. I’ll never be able to take the place of Mustafa’s mother, but you can be the father he’s never had.”

“I’ve seen you with Keisha, darling. I know you’re going to be a wonderful mother.”

“I hope so. I’ve had enough practice babysitting my nieces and nephews.”

“How long do you want to wait before we make Mustafa an older brother?”

A secret smile stole its way over Lydia’s face. “Not too long.”

Rising slightly, Kennedy peered down at her, the tenderness in his expression making her heart turn over in love. “You want to start right away?”

Her eyelids fluttered. “Why not? If I’m going to build or renovate a place for Lady Day, then I project that should take at least a year. Which means you’d better be a straight shooter, darling, or we’re going to have to wait until after we open the restaurant. If I have a baby before our grand opening, then I’ll only serve dinner Tuesday through Sunday and add brunch on the weekends.”

Kennedy stood up, offered his hand, and pulled her to her feet. “That sounds perfect. Speaking of babies, would you like a demonstration to see how straight I can shoot?”

Closing her eyes, Lydia shook her head. “No, Kennedy. There’s no way I’m going to become your baby mama before we’re married.” She opened her eyes. “Besides, you said we wouldn’t sleep together until we’re married.”

“I’ve changed my mind.”

“No!”

“Please, baby.”

Folding her hands on her hips, she rolled her eyes at him. “Look at you. Mr. Fine-ass, Superstar Juggernaut begging a woman for her stuff!”

The last word was barely out of her mouth when Lydia found herself lifted off her feet, the darkening sky spinning overhead. She managed one shriek, before falling into the lake with Kennedy.

“You didn’t!” she screamed once she recovered her breath.

Kennedy, treading water, began swimming toward the opposite bank, Lydia in hot pursuit. They splashed each other until tiring, then floated back toward the pier.

Kennedy pulled himself up before reaching down to pull Lydia up. The white T-shirt she usually wore under her tunic was pasted to her upper body. His eyes widened when he saw the distinct outline of a pair of dark nipples showing ardently through the fabric of her bra and shirt.

He removed his camp shirt and pulled it over her head. “You were showing too much of your…stuff.”

She wrinkled her nose at him. “Hanging out with you is dangerous.”

He flashed a wide grin. “There may be some truth in that statement, but you have to admit, being dangerous is a lot of fun.”

Picking up her sandals, she leaned against Kennedy and slipped them on. “Good night, darling.”

He stood on the pier, bare-chested, watching her walk. “Good night, Lydia.”

After she’d disappeared from his line of vision, he sat down again. In less than a year he would become a husband, and a year later possibly a father.

He exhaled a long sigh of contentment. He would complete every entry on his wish list before turning forty.





CHAPTER TWENTY



An underlying excitement reached a fever pitch even before the buses arrived for the final Family Reunion Sunday. Lydia and Neil were up before dawn. Working silently side by side, the chefs marinated, basted, and baked chicken tenders, egg rolls, mozzarella sticks, mini–chicken cordon blue, and cheese poppers.

The eclectic menu featured finger foods: oven- and deep-fried chicken, Buffalo wings, sliced smoked salmon, succulent roasted chicken, spare ribs, tiny triangular finger sandwiches, and a platter of imported and domestic cheeses.

Neil had offered to man the carving table, slicing leg of lamb, turkey, and rib roast. He had outdone himself, baking pans of fluffy Parker House rolls and biscuits and a variety of fruit pies.

Lydia checked off the trays on a printed list—a rice medley, roasted potatoes and vegetables, stuffed cabbage, sausage and peppers, and baked ziti—as they were transported from the kitchen to an area where the counselors had erected a large tent to shield everyone from the brilliant summer sun.

* * *

Kennedy walked into the kitchen and found Lydia sitting on a stool, eyes closed, the back of her head pressed against a wall. Lines of worry furrowed his forehead.

He touched her arm and she opened her eyes. “Are you all right?”

She flashed a tired smile, her gaze caressing his face. He’d shaved off the short beard. “I’m trying to catch a few winks.”

Wrapping his arms around her shoulders, he pulled her head to his chest. “What time did you get up this morning?”

“Four.”

It was almost one, which meant she had been on her feet for nine hours. “Come, Lydia. I’m taking you back to your cabin.”

Pushing against his chest, she pulled away from him. “For what?”

Kennedy glared at her. “So you can catch a few winks in bed instead of on a stool.”

“I’m not going to bed in the middle of the day.”

An expression of determination tightened his jaw. “Either you go back to your cabin under your own steam, or everyone will see Mr. Ken carry Miss Lydia under his arm like a football. It’s your choice.”

“You’re delusional,” she drawled, rolling her eyes at him. “You can’t carry me like a—”

Kennedy never gave her the chance to say “football,” when he gathered her off the stool with one arm and held her effortlessly against his side. “I said you had a choice, darling.”

She pounded his back. “Let me go.”

“Are you going to your cabin?”

She knew she was no match for his superior strength. “Yes,” she said between clenched teeth. “This is what I meant about losing my independence,” she whispered under her breath.

Kennedy set her on her feet. “I’ll walk you,” he said firmly.

Untying her apron, Lydia placed it on the stool she’d just vacated. “Bully,” she snorted under her breath, pushing past him and walking toward the double doors.

“Keep walking, Lydia,” he drawled as he stared at her ramrod-straight back.

She made her way out of the dining hall and into the blazing sunlight. The smells wafting from the serving tables tantalized her olfactory senses, making her mouth water. A crowd had lined up, waiting to be served, while those who had plates filled with food sat on benches under the tent, or on the grass, eating and drinking.

Stopping, Lydia turned and faced Kennedy. “I’m going to my cabin, but can you bring me a plate?”

He gave her an incredulous look. “You haven’t eaten?”

She shook her head. “I never eat when I’m cooking.”

“You don’t even sample?”

“Never.”

“Damn it, Lydia! No wonder you’re so tired and can’t keep your eyes open. You’re hungry!”

Lydia glared at Kennedy. “Just bring the food.”

Turning, she headed for her cabin as he made his way over to the serving area.

Lydia didn’t know when Kennedy walked into her cabin with a napkin-covered plate; she was totally unaware that he’d lain beside her for three-quarters of an hour, listening to her breathing as she slept.

She slept through the afternoon, into the night, not waking until streaks of light pierced the cover of darkness the following day. Her nap had become sixteen hours of deep, dreamless, uninterrupted sleep.

* * *

Lydia realized she was undergoing her own separation anxiety the closer it came to the end of Camp Six Nations’ inaugural summer. Many of the campers had begun acting out, and the social workers went into crisis mode as they attempted to ease the transition as the campers prepared to go home, some to less than stable environments.

Megan Gallagher had erected an exhibit with pieces of pottery and painted clay masks festooned with ribbons and feathers reminiscent of those Lydia had seen in Venice during Carnival. Keisha had given her a plate decorated with her name and image in slip trailing—a liquid medium for drawing on ceramic ware. Keisha had signed her name with the date on the reverse side.

The survival training had honed the skills of the older boys and girls once they engaged in canoe and swimming competitions. They played a sophisticated version of a scavenger hunt with items hidden throughout the campground. The team who came up with the most was declared the winner.

* * *

Twelve hours before buses were scheduled to transport the campers back to Baltimore and Washington, D.C., everyone gathered in the playhouse for an awards ceremony followed by a theatrical program under the auspices of Jeff Wiggins. The day would conclude with a luau.

Lydia sat in the rear, staring at the man to whom she’d pledged her future as he took a position behind the podium. If he’d changed in eight weeks, so had she. He’d kept his promise not to make love to her, but that did not stop him from coming to her cabin after the camp settled down for the night to climb into bed with her.

These were the times when they talked—about everything. Kennedy shocked her once he disclosed the extent of his wealth. He’d admitted to receiving a signing bonus, but hadn’t told her of other incentives, which included a percentage of ticket sales. Spectators came to the stadium to see him run. Not only was he fast, but unbelievably strong, strong enough to shake off any player’s attempt to dislodge the ball or take him off his feet. She’d told him how she wanted to decorate Lady Day and the signature dishes she believed would become an instant favorite with diners.

Bringing her attention back to the present, she watched Grace pin a blue ribbon inscribed with One Camp, One Family, on each camper’s T-shirt as they all filed into the playhouse. Grace completed the task, then nodded to Kennedy.

Picking up the handheld microphone, he tapped it lightly. “Welcome to what will become our last night at Camp Six Nations. When you board the buses tomorrow that will take you back to your homes, I want you to remember that it will not be good-bye, but later. Next year we’re going to do it all over again—bigger and better.” The campers cheered wildly.

“I want the counselors to come up here and give out the awards to their campers, and before we close this afternoon’s program, Mr. Jeff and his aspiring actors and actresses will entertain us with their extraordinary theatrical talent.”

The counselor for the six-year-old girls and boys took the podium, giving awards to every camper: best swimmer, most improved swimmer, most congenial, best sense of humor, best dressed, and all-around camper. Every camper in every group was a winner.

Two of the older campers, one male and one female, stepped onto the stage. Evangeline smiled at her counterpart. “Antonio and I represent all of the campers, and we’ve come up with our own awards. Of course there was a lot of dialogue, a little arguing, and the slightest bit of coercion, but in the end we were all in agreement.

“The first award is the hot dog, and it goes to Mr. Neil, for grilling the best dogs on the planet.” Neil pumped his fist and went up to pick up a ceramic frank in a bun.

Antonio took the microphone. “The next award goes to Miss Jill, who had not only an inexhaustible supply of bandages, but ones with the animated characters.” He held up a ceramic bandage, eliciting guffaws from everyone. Chatty, flirty Jill wiped away tears as she got up to retrieve her award.

Evangeline and Antonio alternated, distributing awards to all of the counselors and staff members. Roger and Grace were each given a plate inscribed with We’re cool, do not disturb.

Smiling, Antonio crooned into the microphone, “Will Mr. Ken please take the stage?” All of the kids cheered as Kennedy returned to the stage.

“This award is the only one we all agreed on. Thanks to you, this city boy can swim, canoe, kayak, and build a fire without matches. You’ve taught us not only how to survive in the woods, but to depend on one another for the survival of the entire camp.” Reaching into a large canvas bag, he withdrew a large platter inscribed with all the names of all of the campers. “We call this the Father Award, because each of us would be proud to have you as our dad twenty-four-seven.” He and Kennedy exchanged handshakes and a hug.

Kennedy held the beautifully decorated platter above his head, his gaze fixed on Mustafa before it shifted to Lydia. He knew he was expected to say something, but the words lodged in his throat would not come out. Nodding his thanks, he walked off and retook his seat.

Antonio handed the microphone to Evangeline. “We have one more award. This one goes to Miss Lydia.” Everyone shifted in their seats and stared at her seated in the back of the room. “Miss Lydia, will you please come up?”

She stood up and made her way to the front of the expansive building with near-perfect acoustics. All eyes were on her.

Antonio reached into the bag and took out another platter, this one with the names of the campers inscribed around a crest bearing a toque flanked with a knife and fork.

“This is the Mama Award, because all of us wish our mamas could cook like you,” Evangeline continued. “I thought I’d never be able to go a week without my Big Mac and fries, but you showed me not only did I not have to eat them, but eating healthy is also delicious. Thank you, Miss Lydia, and we all hope you’ll come back next summer.” The campers rose as one, cheering and applauding.

Lydia took her platter, holding it above her head as if she’d won a sports trophy. Evangeline positioned the microphone near her mouth. “I’d like to thank everyone for this award. I will treasure it forever. I usually don’t make promises, because I’m not certain whether I’ll be able to keep them. But I promise this—I’ll be back,” she said in her best Arnold Schwarzenegger imitation.

Clapping and whistles accompanied her retreat to the rear of the playhouse. She and Neil had sat in the back because once the final production number began they would leave to start serving the dishes they’d prepared for the luau. Jeff, wearing his mask with the twin faces of comedy and tragedy, walked up onstage and slipped behind the curtain.

Megan dissolved into a fit of giggles after she’d opened the Handbook of American Slang, Including Rap and Hip-Hop the campers had compiled and printed, using a desktop publishing program.

The counselors, counselors-in-training, and administrative staff, impressed with the creativity coming from their charges, were effusive with their affection and praise. Within the span of eight weeks it had truly become one camp, one family.

The lights dimmed, the curtain opened, and Jeff stood onstage, sans mask, in front of a set decoration depicting the skyline of a large cosmopolitan city. An overhead spotlight shimmered on his pale light hair with flecks of diamond dust.

“I’d like to welcome everyone to Camp Six Nations’ rendition of a A Modern Walk Along Broadway. Our camp’s theater group will sing and perform a medley of songs from classic musicals, but with a modern spin. We’ll begin with Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim’s West Side Story, and move through the decades to Andrew Lloyd Weber musical masterpieces and conclude with Elton John’s Aida.”

Prerecorded music filled the space as a boy and girl took the stage, holding hands and staring into each other’s eyes as they sang an upbeat version of “Tonight,” then segued into “Somewhere,” scatting with an ease that would’ve made Ella Fitzgerald and Al Jarreau take notice. Break-dancers showing off the latest hip-hop steps accompanied selections from The Wiz. The production ended with the theme from Fame, and Lydia found herself on her feet, singing and dancing along with everyone.

The curtain came down and went up again to thunderous applause as the cast took their bows. It was during the third curtain call that Lydia and Neil slipped out.

“Hey, Mama,” he teased Lydia, winking at her.

She wrinkled her nose at him. “Don’t hate, Neil. You know the Mama Award beats the hot dog.”

He looked serious, giving her a sidelong glance. “Do you think they’ve forgiven me for ruining their Sunday dinner?”

“I’m willing to bet they can’t even remember it, especially now since they like eating outdoors so much.”

“Are you really coming back next summer?”

Lydia was momentarily taken off guard by Neil’s query. “I plan to. Why?”

“What about your restaurant?”

She told him her proposal had been rejected, but not about Kennedy’s suggestion that she build her own eating establishment. “I’ll probably either work part-time or help out my sister-in-law with her catering business. I can’t commit to working full-time until I figure out what the future holds for me.”

“You better call me when you open your place.”

She touched his shoulder. “You’ll be the first one I’ll call.”

* * *

The levity continued with R&B and hip-hop blaring from the speakers as everyone, sporting colorful plastic leis, lined up to sample the cuisine of the fiftieth state. The suckling pigs, roasted to perfection and displayed without their heads, had become the main attraction. Skewered ginger-orange shrimp ran a close second to the pigs’ crispy skin and sweet, tender meat. Jeff had sampled and given his approval for the pineapple salsa, banana-macadamia nut bread, baked custard with a coffee sauce, and frosty Hawaiian nog made with buttermilk, crushed pineapples, sugar, and vanilla.

The smell of food lingered in the air hours later as the sun sank lower behind the trees, and still the campers lingered on the grass. Some of the younger ones played a vigorous game of tag, while others sat around in groups talking quietly with one another.

Lydia and Neil returned to the kitchen where they began the task of filling small plastic shopping bags with fruit, granola bars, juice boxes, and trail mix for the campers who were scheduled to board the buses at eight o’clock the following morning.

She and Neil had inventoried the kitchen and had packed up all of the leftover foodstuffs, which were to be transported in a refrigerated truck to a soup kitchen in West Virginia.

Sitting on stools, they looked at each other. “Well,” Lydia said softly, “this is it, partner.”

Neil nodded. “It’s been good. Damn good, partner.” He ran his hand over his hair. “Rachel said she’s willing to try and make a go of our marriage, but on one condition.”

The heavy lashes that shadowed Lydia’s eyes flew up. Rachel and her daughters hadn’t come to last week’s family reunion. “What’s that?”

“I do all of the cooking.”

“Of course you said yes.” She was barely able to keep the laughter from her voice.

“Oh, hell yeah. When she said that, I thought of the worst-case scenario like going to the mall with her. Every time I’ve gone to the mall with Rachel I’ve ended up with a headache. The woman has to visit every shoe store in the whole frigging place, and that also includes the department stores.”

“She sounds like someone I can hang out with. I love shoes.” She lifted a clog-shod foot. “These excluded.” Glancing at the clock on the wall, Lydia noted the time. It was almost midnight, and she had to finish packing.

“I’m going to turn in. I don’t want my coach to turn into a pumpkin if I’m not home before the clock strikes twelve.” She slipped off the stool, smiling at Neil as he followed suit.

He extended his arms, and he wasn’t disappointed when she went into his embrace. “Good luck with everything.”

Tilting her chin, Lydia nodded. “You too.” She pressed a light kiss to his cheek, pulled back, and walked out of the kitchen for the last time.





CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE



Kennedy sat on a large boulder with Mustafa, his left hand resting on the boy’s shoulder. “Your counselor said you wanted to see me.”

Mustafa nodded, his gaze fixed on the ground, fighting back tears. “I’m going to miss you, Mr. K.”

“You think I’m not going to miss you, too?” Mustafa’s head came up. Kennedy smiled at the boy who remarkably looked like him when he was his age.

“You are?”

“Of course, Mustafa. You’re going back to Baltimore tomorrow morning, and I’ll be leaving for Alabama on Tuesday. I don’t know how long I’m going to be there, but the minute I come back I’m coming to see you.”

“Really?”

Kennedy nodded. “Really. I’m going to talk to the social worker at your home to see if we can spend some time together.”

“At your house?”

“Yes. At my house.”

“It must be a big house, because you’re big.”

Kennedy chuckled, shaking his head. “Yes, it is.” He wanted to tell Mustafa a six-thousand-square-foot house was much too large for one person. “Whenever you sleep over you’ll have your room.”

“I haven’t had my own room in a long time. When did you say you were coming back?”

“I don’t know.”

He couldn’t tell Mustafa that he’d planned to adopt him, because if it never materialized, then he would be devastated. “I want you to promise me something.”

Large, dark, trusting eyes stared up at him. “What?”

“I want you to be a good boy. No fighting, talking back, and most importantly, you have got to do well in school.”

His jaw set in a stubborn line, Mustafa said, “I promise.”

Resisting the urge to hug and kiss the child, Kennedy patted his shoulder. “Good. Now go inside and get ready for tomorrow.”

“Can I write you, Mr. K?”

“Write the letters, but don’t mail them. I want you to give them to me when I come for you.”

Mustafa’s solemn expression brightened. “Later, Mr. K.” He raised his hand, and wasn’t disappointed when Kennedy gave him a high-five handshake.

“Later, Mustafa.”

Kennedy sat on the boulder long after the screen door slammed behind the boy. He was frightened—no, scared out of his wits! The fact that he contemplated adopting a child frightened him more than marriage. He loved Lydia, loved her enough to sacrifice everything he had for her, but he didn’t love Mustafa—at least not yet.

He finally left the boulder and made his way across the open meadow to his cabin. He passed the cabin and walked another fifty feet to the neighboring one. As he opened the door to the porch he went completely still. The wind chime, votive candles, and porch furniture were missing.

He knocked on the cabin door, then tried the knob. It turned easily. A slight smile curved the corners of his mouth. Lydia had left the door unlocked. Light from the bathroom provided enough illumination for him to see the bags on the floor near the door.

Kennedy crossed the room and stood next to the bed. Lydia lay on her back, staring up at him. With the flick of her wrist, she swept back the sheet.

“Get in.”

The husky command galvanized him into action. He held her gaze as he stripped off his clothes, slipped into the bed beside her, and cradled her spoon-fashion. Lydia reached up and turned off the lamp, plunging the space into darkness.

Pressing his mouth to the nape of her neck, Kennedy whispered, “I’ll call you every night.”

She laughed softly. “That won’t be necessary. Call me on Sundays after nine and talk dirty to me.”

It was Kennedy’s turn to laugh. “I can’t talk dirty to you on the Sabbath.”

“Every day is the Sabbath, darling.”

“You’re right about that. I had a talk with Mustafa tonight.”

“Did you tell him that you wanted to adopt him?”

“No. I don’t want to get his hopes up when there is a possibility that it may not happen.”

“The only thing that will stop it is if a distant relative contests it.”

Kennedy let out an audible sigh. “This may sound awful, but I pray there are no relatives.”

Closing her eyes, Lydia said, “Me too.”

They lay together in the darkness, feeding on each other for emotional strength. Kennedy had told Lydia he had to go to Alabama to take care of some business. She’d waited for him to tell her the nature of his business, but when he wasn’t forthcoming, she decided not to pry. Once they married, she prayed, there would no secrets between them.

Wrapped in her fiancé’s arms and in a cocoon of love, she fell into a dreamless slumber.

When she awoke hours later, the space beside her was empty and the bags she’d left near the door were gone. The keys to her SUV rested on the pillow that bore the imprint of Kennedy’s head.

A knowing smile softened her mouth. The first time she came face-to-face with Kennedy Fletcher he’d offered to carry her bags. This time he hadn’t asked. He just did it.

* * *

Kennedy climbed the steps to the wraparound porch, leaned over, and kissed his mother’s cheek. He lowered his tall frame down to the glider beside Diane Anderson and stretched out his legs.

Her questioning gaze met his seconds before she pressed her lips together until they narrowed into a hard, tight line. “You’re going to do it.”

Kennedy nodded. “Yes.”

Tears welled in Diane’s eyes, and she turned her head so Kennedy couldn’t see them. “When?” she asked, once her troubled spirits quieted.

“Two weeks.”

This disclosure stunned Diane. She stared at her son’s strained profile. “Why the delay?”

“Marvin’s come down with a cold.”

Pushing off the glider, Diane walked several feet and leaned a shoulder against a massive column supporting the porch. “I know I sound like a selfish old woman, but I don’t want you to go through with it.”

Kennedy went completely still, shock and surprise rendering him temporarily mute and motionless. He stared at his mother’s petite figure, unable to believe what he’d just heard.

“You’re not old, Mama.”

Diane turned and glared at her son, unable to hide the pain and anguish in her tear-filled eyes. Her curly hair, cut to frame her tiny, smooth oval face that was the color of golden oak, and her large hazel eyes, full lush mouth, and slim figure belied her age. She could easily have passed for thirty-six, not fifty-six. There were a few occasions when people thought she was Kennedy’s sister, and not his mother.

“I’m old enough to stop living in a world of fantasy, to know what I always wanted I will never have. And I’m much too old to continue to love a man whom I know is so undeserving of the most precious gift in the world.” Her hands fisted. “It’s taken me almost forty years to come to my senses to see Marvin Kennedy for what he is: a self-centered, manipulative bastard who doesn’t care who he uses as long as he gets his way. What pains me is that I’m no different than he is.”

Kennedy shot to his feet. “Yes, you are.”

Tilting her head, Diane looked up at him towering above her. “No, I’m not.” Her voice was soft, but held a thread of hardness. “I fell in love with your father—”

“He’s not my father,” Kennedy said angrily, cutting her off.

She nodded. “I fell in love with Marvin the year I turned sixteen, fantasizing that we would marry and live happily ever after. It didn’t matter that every girl in Smoky Junction felt the same way. I threw myself at him, but he was kind enough to tell me to look him up once I turned eighteen. He didn’t want to be charged with statutory rape.”

“Why are you telling me this?”

“Because I want you to know who the man is whose life you’re going to save. I called you to tell you about Marvin’s condition because he’d asked me to. I could never deny him anything—and that included giving him myself when I didn’t want to.”

Wide-eyed, Kennedy stared at his mother. “You slept with him after you’d married Philip?”

A slight smile crinkled her luminous eyes. “No, son. I’ve never been an unfaithful wife.”

“Then what do you mean about giving him yourself?”

Diane ignored Kennedy’s sharp tone. “Whenever he called me for something I either listened to him or helped him out. He said I was the only one he could count on or trust. I knew he was using me, but I didn’t care.

“I didn’t love Philip when I first married him, but grew to love him because I was afraid to be alone and I needed a father for my young son. Philip gave me everything I needed for emotional and financial stability, knowing I would never give him his own child.” She saw Kennedy’s eyes widen with this disclosure. “A year after I had you I slept with Marvin and got pregnant again. I knew something was wrong from the beginning, but ignored the cramping and spotting. I was about three months when I began hemorrhaging. I woke up in a hospital bed knowing instinctively that I would never have another child. In order to save my life, the doctors removed my uterus.”

A muscle flicked in Kennedy’s lean jaw. “Why are you telling me this?”

“It’s about letting go, son. Before you told me that you planned to marry and adopt a child I prayed that you would be a donor match, but now…” Her words trailed off.

“Why have you changed your mind?”

She unclenched a fist and placed her cool palm against Kennedy’s cheek. “You’ve given him enough. You’ve given all of us more than enough. It’s time you secure your own happiness.”

Kennedy covered the small hand with his much larger one. “Everything I’ve given has been given to me—material things. I’d always thought it absurd that I’d be paid millions for running down a field with a football under my arm, while teachers and cops have to picket and demonstrate for a lousy three-percent-a-year raise.” He remembered his mother walking the picket line in the rain when she and the other teachers at her school had worked two years without a new contract.

“Yes, Mama, I’ve given away a lot of money because I felt if I couldn’t be happy, at least I could make someone else happy.”

“Are you happy now?”

His expression softened. “Delirious.” Pulling Diane’s hand from his face, he pressed a kiss to her fingers.

Her eyes filled again. “I don’t want anything to happen to you.”

“What’s going to happen to me?”

“There is always a lot at risk whenever someone undergoes major surgery.”

“I faced risk every time I suited up and took the field. One hit, one wrong fall, and within seconds I could’ve either lost my life or been crippled for life.”

“But you got out before that happened,” Diane argued softly.

“You know why I got out, Mama, and it had nothing to do with the risks of the game. After I give Marvin what he needs, then we’re even. He gave me life, and now I’m returning the favor. He’s never going to contact you again.”

Diane shook her head and closed her eyes. “You know that’s never going to happen.”

Kennedy’s expression hardened, becoming a mask of stone. “It has.”

“What did you do, Kennedy?” The look in his eyes frightened Diane.

“Don’t worry about what I did. Just know that he’ll never call you again. The disrespect he’s shown you, my father, and your marriage ended today.” Wrapping his arms around her waist, he kissed her forehead. “Why don’t you go inside and change into something pretty? As soon as Dad gets home we’re going out to your favorite restaurant.”

“I’d taken out some meat because Philip said he felt like grilling.”

“Dad can grill tomorrow.”

“Speaking of cooking, when am I going to meet my future daughter-in-law?”

Kennedy had told his mother about Lydia and her incredible cooking talent. He had also told her about Mustafa. Lydia had given him the telephone number of the lawyer who’d handled her niece’s and nephews’ adoption, and he’d placed a call to Caroline Bennington, who had agreed to accept the case, but warned him not to tell Mustafa about the ongoing process.

“After the surgery.”

“When are you going to see her?”

“After the surgery,” he repeated.

Diane, totally bewildered by Kennedy’s response, asked, “Why?”

Kennedy met her questioning stare. “I don’t like goodbyes.” He knew if he went to Maryland to see Lydia he would never return to Alabama. “I’m going inside to change before Dad gets home.”

He went inside the house that had been renovated to include a second floor with large bedrooms, a wraparound porch, a gourmet kitchen, an all-weather patio, and a library/office. Philip had refused his offer to buy them a house in an upscale community in Mobile because he liked the small-town ambience of Smoky Junction. In the end, the man who had become his father the year he turned four agreed to let him underwrite the costs for renovating and expanding the small white frame house he’d bought for his wife and stepson.

Kennedy climbed the steps to the second-floor bedroom he occupied whenever he stayed in Smoky Junction. The expansive sun-filled bedroom, with a sitting room, private bath, and antique furnishings beckoned one to come and stay awhile.

Reaching for the cell phone on his waist, he punched in Lydia’s programmed number. It rang several times before he heard her voice mail message. “Hi, Lydia. This is Kennedy. I’m calling to let you know that I’ll be here for a while longer. I miss you and… I love you.”

He ended the call and tossed the phone on the bed. He shrugged out of his jacket, dropping it on an armchair. As he undressed he thought about the conversation he’d had with Marvin earlier that afternoon in his attorney’s office. He’d agreed to give him a kidney, but on one condition. The older man would have to sign an affidavit that he would never contact Diane Anderson or her husband, Philip Anderson, again, or he would be subject to arrest for harassment.

Marvin had glared at him across the table for a full minute, then picked up a pen and signed the document. It was witnessed and notarized by the firm’s paralegal before the parties involved got up and shook hands.

His mother spoke of letting go. He had let go of Nila. Lydia had let go of her past, and now Diane would be given the opportunity to let go of Marvin and give Philip what she’d withheld from him for more than thirty years—a marriage free of the encumbrances from her past.

Kennedy walked into the bathroom and turned on the shower, mentally counting the weeks until he would be reunited with the woman who had filled the space the other women he’d known couldn’t.





CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO



Kennedy closed his eyes, shutting out the blinding light overhead. He’d been prepped for surgery, and the drug they’d given him before he was rolled out of his room and into the operating room made him feel light-headed, weightless. He heard voices, male and female, and felt someone extend his left arm in an outward position.

He had spoken to Lydia the night before but did not tell her he was to undergo surgery the following morning for the removal of one of his kidneys. He’d heard the frustration in her voice when she asked if she was ever going to see him again. His words of reassurance that they would be reunited sounded weak until he asked her, “Why do you tug so hard at my heart—that space that other women couldn’t fill?” Lydia was unable to reply because she’d begun crying. The last thing he remembered before he ended the call was her crying.

The anesthesiologist leaned over him. “Kennedy.” His eyes crinkled above his mask when his patient opened his eyes. “You’re going to feel a slight prick, and then I want you to start counting backward from a hundred.”

Sighing heavily, he nodded. “One hundred, ninety-nine, ninety-eight…” He reached eighty-nine, and then his world went dark.

* * *

“What’s up with your daughter?” Charles Lord asked his wife.

Etta Mae shot her spouse of more than fifty years a look that spoke volumes. “Why is it whenever one of your children has an attitude it’s always my son or my daughter? When is it ever ours, Charles?”

“It’s your daughter because you understand them better than I do. Remember, we had six boys before I had to deal with the girls and their mood swings.”

Andrea, cradling Sharon’s infant daughter in the crook of one arm, walked into the kitchen in time to overhear her father. “Daddy! Oh no, you didn’t go there.”

Charles sucked his teeth. “Yes, I did.”

“We all know how disappointed Lydia is because the owner of that new office building turned down her restaurant proposal.”

“That was months ago, Andrea. It’s now the end of November, and she should’ve gotten over it by now.”

“Daddy, you know how sensitive she is,” Andrea said in defense of her baby sister. She smiled at the baby in her arms. “Sharon is going to throw a fit if she sees me standing here holding Jessica instead of putting her in her crib. She complains that Orlando picks her up as soon as he gets home, and now she doesn’t want to be put down.”

Etta Mae stood up and held out her arms. “I’ll take her upstairs.” An upstairs bedroom had been turned into a nursery with the birth of her grandchild. The large room was outfitted with three cribs, two youth beds, and a set of bunk beds.

A loud roar went up from the enclosed back porch where most of the male family members had gathered to watch the televised Thanksgiving Day football games. Their spouses had congregated in the family room to watch their favorite movies. The sound of the front doorbell reverberated throughout the house.

“I wonder who that could be,” Charles said. Whenever the family gathered together, the door was never locked.

Andrea motioned to her father. “Don’t get up, Daddy. I’ll see who it is.”

She made her way out of the kitchen, down a hall, through an expansive entryway, and to the front door. She opened it, then went completely still. She recognized the tall man standing on her parents’ porch. Her stunned gaze shifted to the young boy at his side, believing he had come to the wrong house.

“Yes?”

“I’m sorry to have come unannounced, but I’d like you to let Lydia know that Kennedy Fletcher and Mustafa Johnson are here to see her.”

Andrea’s mouth opened and closed several times before she was able to say, “Please come in, Mr. Fletcher.” Kennedy and Mustafa walked into the entryway as Andrea disappeared into another part of the house.

Andrea walked into the family room. Everyone held their sides while laughing at the antics of the Wayans brothers’ comedy hit White Chicks.

“Lydia, there’s someone here for you.”

She glanced away from the wall-mounted television screen. The last time someone had come to her parents’ house to see her it had been Justin. Although she hadn’t heard from him since his e-mail, she still expected him to pop up unexpectedly.

“Whoever it is, I don’t want to see them.”

“I think you’d better come and tell him that yourself.”

A frown creased Lydia’s forehead. She was missing the actors’ witty dialogue. “Who is he?” she snapped angrily.

“You’ll know him when you see him. He has someone named Mustafa with him.”

Lydia jumped as if she’d been jolted by a bolt of electricity. “Kennedy?”

Andrea smiled. “Yes. He said he was Kennedy Fletcher.”

Heads turned and all gazes were fixed on Lydia instead of the television screen.

“How do you know him?” Sharon asked.

Lydia rose slowly from a love seat, her knees shaking. “We met at camp.”

Someone hit the Pause button on the remote, and everyone followed Lydia as she walked out of the family room.

* * *

Lydia saw him and Mustafa, the tears blurring her eyes making it difficult to see their faces clearly. She hadn’t heard from Kennedy in almost a month, and she’d imagined every conceivable scenario: accident, another woman, or possible death. When he didn’t call her for their regular Sunday night chat, she called him. After hearing his voice mail message three times, she’d given up and stopped calling.

Kennedy had lost weight, a lot of it. But he still was as handsome and virile as she’d remembered him. A smile trembled over her lips as she extended her arms.

Kennedy took two long strides and gathered Lydia to his chest. Smiling, he lowered his head and nuzzled her neck. “I told you I’d come, baby,” he whispered against her moist, parted lips.

She placed tiny kisses all over his face. “You had me worried to death because I thought something had happened to you.”

The sound of someone clearing their voice shattered the spell, and Lydia turned to find her father and brothers staring at her and Kennedy.

Mustafa peered shyly at the crowd of people staring at Mr. K and Miss Lydia.

Lydia moved between Kennedy and Mustafa, grasping their hands. “Daddy, I want you to meet two people who are very special to me. Kennedy Fletcher and Mustafa Johnson. Kennedy, Mustafa, my father, Charles Lord.”

Kennedy offered his right hand to Charles. “I’m honored, Mr. Lord. Happy Thanksgiving.”

Charles took the proffered hand, his eyes narrowing slightly. “Same to you, son. Have you eaten?”

Kennedy glanced over at Mustafa. “No, sir. We haven’t.”

“Well, come on in and sit down. We’ll talk later.”

The tense moment over, the crowd parted like the Red Sea and watched Kennedy and Mustafa as they followed Lydia and Charles into the kitchen.

“Yo, Juggernaut, what’s up, man?”

Turning to his left, Kennedy stared at Orlando Gibson. “Hey, O.G. What are you doing here?” The two men shook hands, then hugged each other.

“I’m family. I’m married to Sharon Lord. What brings you here?”

Kennedy smiled at his fraternity brother. He’d first met Orlando at an Atlanta Greek Fest during his junior year in college. “Lydia and I are engaged.”

Dwayne and Quintin exchanged knowing glances. “Lydia, why don’t you fix your fiancé and Mustafa a plate, while we get acquainted with Kennedy?” Dwayne drawled softly.

Lydia glared at Dwayne, knowing what her brother was up to. They planned to execute Intimidation 101. “Okay. Mustafa, please come with me.”

Kennedy followed Lydia’s brothers to the rear of the house and into an enclosed back porch. She’d told him what he would encounter, and he was hard-pressed not to keep a straight face.

Dozens of eyes were trained on him as the men circled him. His gaze swept over those ranging in age from midfifties to late teens.

Slowly, methodically he removed his jacket and let it fall to the carpeted floor. Not taking his eyes off Dwayne, he motioned to him. “You first.”

Dwayne’s jaw dropped. “Say what?”

Kennedy assumed a fighting stance. “I learned a long time ago to take out the big one first. And after I drop you, then I’ll take you, then you,” he drawled, pointing at Lucien and Quintin.

“Who the hell are you to call me the big one!” Dwayne shouted.

Everyone laughed, some collapsing to the sofa, love seats, and chairs. They laughed until tears rolled down their cheeks.

Dwayne’s youngest son threw an arm over his father’s shoulders. “I’ve told you you need to lose that belly, Dad.”

It was Kennedy’s turn to laugh. Dwayne, still smarting, glared at him. “I can’t believe you’d come up in my folks’ place and roll up in my face like that.”

Kennedy sobered quickly. “I told Lydia that if you don’t start none, there won’t be none. I came here to meet the family of the woman I plan to spend the rest of my life with, not get into a confrontation with her menfolk. Lydia doesn’t need anyone’s permission or approval to marry, but it would make things a lot easier if we all got along.”

Quintin stepped forward, extending his hand. It was apparent the man Lydia planned to marry could not be intimidated. “Welcome to the family, brother.”

One by one all of the men lined up and shook Kennedy’s hand. Dwayne was last, smiling and pounding his back. Kennedy stiffened and clamped a hand over his right side.

“What’s the matter?” Dwayne asked.

“I’m still recovering from a surgical procedure,” he said between clenched teeth. Not only was he still in pain, but he also experienced recurring bouts of fatigue.

“Now, ain’t you nothin’? How can you talk about kicking my ass when you’re in no shape to take a punch, my brother?”

Quintin curved an arm around his brother’s neck. “Let it go, Dwayne. What you need to do is come with me when I go to the gym.”

“Hey, Ken, come sit down and watch this conversion play,” Lucien Lord called out as he positioned himself in front the television.

Someone made space for him on a sofa. He sat down, slapping his knee and groaning with the others when the quarterback’s snap was intercepted.

Kennedy was so caught up in the game and the camaraderie of the men in the room that he waved Lydia away, telling her he would eat later. She mumbled something about “football junkie,” before she stalked back to the kitchen.

Her mother, sisters, and sisters-in-law, who wanted to know the 411 on her and Kennedy Fletcher, surrounded her.

* * *

Lydia lay beside Kennedy, her head resting on his shoulder. The light from a bedside lamp fired the flawless cushion-cut diamond set in a pavé band on her left hand. She wiggled her fingers, smiling.

“You can exchange it if you don’t like it.”

“No, Kennedy. It’s exquisite. You have wonderful taste in jewelry.”

He chuckled softly. “I have a confession to make. My mother picked it out for me.”

“I’ll make certain to thank her when I meet her.”

Smiling, she recalled the events that followed Kennedy’s surprise visit to her parents’ house earlier that evening. He never made it to the kitchen to eat his Thanksgiving dinner. He’d become so engrossed in the football game that he wound up eating in front of the television.

Mustafa made friends easily with the younger children. Micah had appointed himself as Mustafa’s mentor, and when Kennedy told him he was taking him back to Friendly Heights, he balked. Kennedy and Quintin conferred with each other, and after a lengthy discussion Mustafa went home with Quintin, Victoria, and their children for a sleepover.

Kennedy and Charles had gone for a walk together. After they returned to the Lord house, Kennedy had asked to see Lydia alone. He’d proposed marriage again, slipped the ring on her finger, and sealed his promise to love her always with a breathtaking kiss.

“I love you, my ring, and this house,” she whispered near his ear.

The Regency-style house was built on a quiet tree-lined street in a suburb near the D.C.–Maryland line known as Friendship Heights. Kennedy had taken her on a tour of the six-bedroom, five-bath residence, surprising her because most of the rooms were empty.

“The house is yours to decorate any way you want.” Shifting on his side, Kennedy faced Lydia. “When do you want to get married?”

She held his steady gaze. “You have a lot of explaining to do, Mr. Fletcher, before I set a wedding date.”

He ran a finger down her nose. “What do you want to know?”

She touched the thin scar along the right side of his back. “How did you get this?”

“It’s a long story.”

Pressing her breasts against his chest, Lydia smiled. “We have all night, darling. Talk to me, Kennedy.”

“My biological father needed a kidney.”

She listened as Kennedy bared his soul, telling her everything about his childhood, the unrequited love affair between Marvin Kennedy and Diane Fletcher. His voice softened noticeably when he spoke of Philip Anderson, the man who’d become his father and mentor.

“Why did you give Marvin a kidney?”

Turning over on his back, Kennedy stared up at the ceiling. “I was the only compatible donor.” He closed his eyes. “I could’ve said ‘the hell with you,’ because of how he’d treated my mother. But then I had to ask myself what if? What if I’d needed an organ and no one came forth to help me? My dad always told me, ‘Think of the other guy, son, before you say or do something. If you don’t like it, don’t do it.’”

“How is Marvin?”

“He’s recovering—albeit slowly.”

“How are you doing?”

Kennedy threw an arm over his head. “I’m also recovering. I’m tired most of the time, but I’m told that’s normal for someone who has lost an organ. I’m glad I won’t begin coaching until the next school year.”

“We don’t have to get married this year, Kennedy. I’m more than willing to wait until the spring.”

He shook his head. “I’m not.”

Lydia stared at his stoic expression. “How about New Year’s Eve?”

“Where?”

“Cabo San Lucas.”

A smile spread across his face like the brilliance of the rising sun. “We can reserve several villas, fly everyone in a couple of days before, then marry on a yacht. How does that sound to you?”

Rising on an elbow, she stared down at him, complete surprise freezing her features. “When did you come up with this idea?”

“I researched Cabo San Lucas online, then contacted a travel agent who gave me the names of villas in the area.” He met her gaze. “If you don’t like the idea, then we could brainstorm together.”

“There’s no need to brainstorm, darling. I love your idea.”

His eyebrows lifted. “You do?”

Leaning closer, she kissed him. “I do, I do, I do,” she whispered over and over, knowing she would repeat the words again in another four weeks.





CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE



Lydia Charlene Lord stood beside Kennedy Marvin Fletcher, repeating her vows under a half-moon and a star-filled sky. A warm breeze off the Pacific Ocean stirred the fabric of a pearl-colored, bias-cut silk crepe Narciso Rodriquez slipdress-styled wedding gown. The unembellished beauty of the gown reflected her unique personality—simplicity.

She glanced up at Kennedy through her lashes and a secret smile softened her glossy lips. Their gazes met, fused, communicating a love that promised yesterday, today, and all of their tomorrows.

The ship’s captain told Kennedy he could kiss his bride, shattering the hypnotic spell. Lowering his head, he circled her waist, pulled her up close to his chest, and kissed her, sealing his promise to love and honor her all the days of their lives.

Clutching a bouquet of gardenia, white roses, tulips, and peonies, Lydia trembled as the realization that she was now a married woman swept over her. The man holding her to his heart was the one in whose arms she wanted to go to sleep and wake up every day, whose babies she wanted to bear, whom she wanted to stand beside her during her successes and failures, whom she would grow old with, whom she would love forever.

“Darling,” she crooned softly, “we’ll continue this later.”

“I can’t wait,” Kennedy whispered close to her ear.

Hand in hand, they turned to greet everyone who’d flown thousands of miles to witness their nuptials. All of Charles and Etta Mae’s children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren were in attendance along with Diane and Philip Anderson, Roger and Grace Evans, Neil and Rachel Lane and their daughters, Ethan and Joanna Bennington and their three children, and Mustafa. Kennedy had become Mustafa’s legal guardian as his foster father.

Now that he’d become a father, Kennedy had softened his attitude toward Marvin. He invited him to the wedding, but Marvin declined, citing health limitations.

Charles Lord extended his arms to his youngest child. She walked into his embrace, her arms encircling his waist. “You look beautiful, baby girl.”

Tilting her head, she smiled at him. “Thank you, Daddy.”

He kissed her cheek. “Be happy, baby girl.”

She nodded. “You know I will.”

Kennedy pressed the flesh, kissed scented cheeks, slapped broad backs, and laughed loudly when teased about his wedding night. He’d kept his promise not to make love to Lydia until they were married. Sharing a bed or a shower on occasion tested the limits of his self-control, but he was resolute in his pledge.

The yacht floated over the calm ocean waters as a live band launched into an upbeat dance number that had everyone swaying and reaching for partners. Champagne and nonalcoholic beverages flowed from fountains as white-jacketed waiters passed out hors d’oeuvres to wedding guests who would welcome a new year on the ocean, under the stars in a foreign country.

Lydia found herself in her husband’s arms as the clock ticked away the old year. She removed her veil and the three-inch strappy sandals, dancing barefoot on the smooth surface of the boat deck.

He spun her around. “Did I tell you how much I love you today, Mrs. Fletcher?”

Resting her head on his shoulder, she inhaled the hauntingly sensual fragrance of his cologne clinging to the fabric of his dinner jacket. “No.”

Easing back, Kennedy stared at her. “I didn’t?”

“Not as Mrs. Fletcher.”

He pulled her close again, chuckling softly. “I’ll be certain to show you later, Mrs. Fletcher.”

“I can’t wait. And I promise not to take advantage of you,” she teased.

“Use me, darling. You won’t get a complaint from me.”

Kennedy stopped when he felt someone tugging on his jacket sleeve. It was Mustafa. “Are you asking to cut in?”

Mustafa had discarded his tie and suit jacket. Kennedy had selected him to be his best man. “No. I want to know if it’s all right if I go back home with Chaz and Micah.”

“You don’t want to hang out here with us?”

“No. Please, Daddy, can I go back with them?”

Lydia and Kennedy went completely still, their stunned gazes fixed on the boy whom they hoped to legally adopt in the near future. It was the first time Mustafa had called Kennedy Daddy. Lydia looked at her husband as he struggled to conceal his shock.

Kennedy reached out and cradled the back of Mustafa’s head. “Yes, son. You can go back with them. I’ll call the airline and have them change your ticket.” He smiled at the joy shimmering in his son’s eyes. “Are you too big to give your dad a hug and kiss?”

Mustafa shrugged a shoulder. “I guess not.”

Kennedy went to one knee and put his arms around Mustafa. Lydia pulled up the hem of her gown and braced a hand on her husband’s shoulder, her arms covering his around the boy.

Mustafa hugged the man and woman who he prayed would become his mother and father for real and forever. He smiled at Kennedy, then Lydia. “You’re the best dad and mommy in the world.”

Quintin, professional photographer and commercial artist, raised his camera and captured the tender, poignant family scene for posterity.

“What are you smiling at?”

Turning, Quintin showed Victoria the image he’d captured on his digital camera. “What do you think?”

Victoria stared at yards of silk crepe from Lydia’s gown flowing over the polished deck, the expression of serenity on Kennedy’s face as he pressed a kiss to Mustafa’s forehead, and the wide grin on Mustafa’s face as he reveled in the love of his parents.

Blinking back tears, she smiled up at her husband. “It’s beautiful, Quintin. You should think about painting it, then give it to them as an anniversary gift.”

Quintin lowered his head and kissed his wife. “When did you get so smart?”

“I’ve always been smart, Quintin Lord. I was smart enough to stand still long enough for you to catch me.”

“I thought you were chasing me.”

Her eyes widened. “I never chased you, Quintin Thomas Lord.”

“Yeah, you did, Vicky. Let’s go ask Lydia.”

“Don’t you dare bother her now. We’ll settle this later.”

“How much later?” Quintin asked.

Going on tiptoe, Victoria kissed his mouth. “A lot later,” she crooned.

Quintin managed to get off three more shots of his sister, his brother-in-law, and his nephew before they rose to their feet. He smiled. His sister had gone to camp to supervise a kitchen and had fallen in love.

Pride swelled his chest. Lydia told him she’d given herself two years to decorate her home and have a baby all before Lady Day’s grand opening. With any other person he would’ve thought her crazy to put that much pressure on herself, but not Lydia. She had more ambition, determination, and competitiveness than any of the Lords.

There was no doubt Kennedy Fletcher had his work cut out for him, but something told Quintin his new brother-in-law was up to the task. He was the only one who’d bested them at their game.

Quintin glanced over at Lydia again. She and Kennedy stood off from the others, holding hands. When she turned and raised her face to accept her husband’s kiss, he averted his gaze.

He went in search of his wife and children. The new year was fast approaching, and he wanted to hold on to his loved ones like the image he’d captured with his camera.

“Five, four, three, two… Happy New Year!” the ship’s crew and wedding guests shouted loudly.

Lydia curved her arms under Kennedy’s shoulders and buried her face against his warm throat. “I love you, Kennedy.”

He tightened his hold on her slim waist. “I love you, too.”

It was much later, after the yacht had docked and they retreated to their villa, that Lydia and Kennedy were able to demonstrate the depth of their love over and over again.

* * *

The flickering flames from dozens of votives reflecting off whitewashed walls competed with the glow of the moon that silvered every light-colored surface.

Lydia’s gaze was fixed on the man sitting on the side of the bed on a rooftop terrace waiting for her. A smile parted her lips as she closed the distance between them. Kennedy had kept his promise that they would not make love again until their wedding night. Their wedding night had come along with new beginnings. It was a new year and they were husband and wife. A warm breeze lifted the delicate fabric of her nightgown before it settled back around the curves of her slender body.

Kennedy stood up, extending his hand. It had only been months, but unknowingly he’d been waiting years for this moment. Lydia Lord-Fletcher was his love, his wife, and his life. Everything he did, every decision he made he thought of her first.

He smiled when she placed her slender hand in his; he pulled her to his chest and buried his face in her hair. She had worn it up for the wedding, but now the heavy strands grazed the nape of her neck.

“Do you know how long I’ve waited for this?” he whispered close to her ear.

“Four months,” Lydia whispered against his bare shoulder.

“No, baby. All of my life.”

Curving her arm under her husband’s shoulders, Lydia leaned into him. “I can’t wait any more, darling.”

Lydia didn’t want to wait and neither did he, but they would have to wait because Kennedy wanted their coming together to last as long as possible. The weather was perfect, the setting perfect, and the woman in his embrace also perfect. Bending slightly, he swept her up in his arms and placed her gently on the bed, his body following her down.

Lydia closed her eyes and let her senses take over. She heard the soft lapping of the ocean as it washed over the beach, the fragrant scent of the frangipani and orchids growing in abandon, and firm muscle and sinew under her fingertips.

Kennedy’s hands were everywhere: her hair, her throat, her breasts, and between her legs. Her breathing deepened as his weight and smell enveloped her in a sensual spell from which she did not want to escape.

Gathering the hem of her nightgown, Kennedy eased the silken fabric up her legs, thighs, waist, breasts, over her shoulders and then her head. She gasped when his mouth covered one breast, then the other, his teeth tightening on the nipples. He moved down the length of her body and staked his claim at the apex of her thighs. His hands and mouth had her writhing on the bed, as her breath came in long, surrendering moans.

Tears filled Lydia’s eyes and flowed down her cheeks as gusts of desire shook her from her head to her toes. “Please… please…please.” Her pleas floated upward and were carried out into the Mexican night on a tropical breeze.

Kennedy heard the soft pleading and moved up the length of Lydia’s body. He knew she was close to climaxing and he wanted to join her when ecstasy hurtled them beyond reality.

Parting her legs with his knee, he eased his sex into her hot, wet body, groaning audibly as her flesh closed around his, squeezing and holding him until he exploded in a downpour of fiery sensations.

Once he was able to move, Kennedy reversed their position. Passions spent, they waited until their breathing resumed a normal rate, and still joined fell asleep as contentment and peace flowed between them.

This night was only the beginning—the beginning of all of their tomorrows.





EPILOGUE



Two years later…



The sports world A-list turned out for the grand opening of former Ravens running back Kennedy Fletcher’s wife’s restaurant Lady Day.

Food critics were impressed with the décor, the ambience, and the eclectic menu prepared by executive chef Lydia Fletcher and assistant chef Neil Lane. Lady Day, named in honor of Baltimore’s own Billie Holiday, is located half a mile from the Inner Harbor and claims an intimacy missing in most dining establishments. Reservations are suggested if you want to experience the most glorious dining experience.

Lydia fell back on a mound of pillows and kicked up her legs. “We did it, darling.”

Kennedy placed the newspaper on the bedside table and reached for his wife. “You did it.”

He closed his eyes and nuzzled her neck. His life was better than he ever could’ve imagined. Lydia had opened her Lady Day. Mustafa Johnson was now legally Mustafa J. Fletcher and in another three months they would increase their family by one when Lydia delivered a baby girl.

Kennedy’s life had changed dramatically since meeting Lydia. He taught high school biology and coached the football team. He alternated checking Mustafa’s homework and attending school-sponsored extracurricular activities with Lydia.

Whenever Mustafa stayed over at his cousins’ during a school holiday or break, Kennedy and Lydia retreated to the house in the woods to rekindle a flame that never seemed to burn out.

Kennedy placed a hand over his wife’s belly. He smiled when he felt the movement. He couldn’t wait to meet his daughter. He’d promised Lydia he wouldn’t spoil her, but he knew that was one promise he had no intention of keeping.

* * * * *





Be sure to check out


HIS SAN DIEGO SWEETHEART

by Yahrah St. John

Hotel manager Miranda Jensen needs to marry to inherit her grandfather’s fortune. The treasurer of the San Diego Millionaire Moguls chapter, Vaughn Ellicott offers her the perfect solution. Will Vaughn choose to turn their make-believe marriage into a passionate reality?

Keep reading to get a glimpse of

HIS SAN DIEGO SWEETHEART.


Vaughn Ellicott, Jr. sliced through the crashing surf at San Diego’s Black Beach on his custom-made surfboard. Surfing was his own piece of heaven and gave Vaughn the freedom he desperately craved after the rigors of Navy life as a lieutenant. For a decade, he’d done as he was instructed because that was what his father, Commander Vaughn Ellicott, Sr., expected of him. But now, Vaughn did what he wanted to do and surfing was as natural to him as breathing, even though at six foot two, he towered over some of the other surfers. When he was in the water, he felt an inner peace with Mother Nature as he challenged himself on the waves. He saw the waves as opportunities to lose himself and find himself at the same time.

And he had found himself. Five years ago, he’d started a company, Elite. After he began designing his own wet suits, other surfers had begun showing interest in his work. Seeing a business opportunity, he’d formed Elite and sold his wet suits online. From there, sales had skyrocketed. His high-end scuba gear company now sold dive computers and any other gear a surfer needed, from surfboards and bags, to leashes and wax. The fact that his business interests mirrored his passion was perfect for Vaughn.

Even though it was nearly the weekend, it was long past time for him to depart the beach. Vaughn should have left thirty minutes ago. He was due to attend a meeting of Prescott George—the Millionaire Moguls club, as the press liked to dub them. The nickname had been given to them because their national organization was comprised mainly of millionaires. The club had been formed in the 1940s by Prescott Owens and George Rollins. Today, Prescott George’s numbers had grown into the thousands and there were chapters all over the world. Vaughn was proud to be a member and the treasurer of the San Diego chapter.

Emerging from the Pacific Ocean carrying his surfboard, Vaughn began peeling off his wet suit when a pair of feminine eyes caught his gaze. She was giving him the once-over. And he didn’t mind the attention; he was used to it. In social circles, he was a sought-after millionaire bachelor with an impressive seaside estate. And on the beach, he was looked up to because of his fearlessness and passion for the sport.

Vaughn had no trouble attracting women. Any kind of woman. So much so that he couldn’t get a moment’s peace. Women adored his physique which he spent a great deal of time honing, and his impressive assets, but Vaughn had yet to find one worth keeping around. They all seemed a little too eager to be with a Millionaire Mogul, and so he dealt with them with a long-handled spoon, engaging only when he wanted companionship or needed physical release.

Vaughn gave the beautiful stranger one final intense stare. Long silky dark hair. Expressive almond-shaped eyes. Tawny brown skin slightly kissed from the sun. Although she was wearing a sleeveless dress, it was a bit too formal and didn’t fit with the unusually warm spring afternoon. Her only admission that she knew she was at the beach was the fact that she’d kicked off her pumps and they lay partially submerged in the sand. Maybe that was why she stood out.

But there was something sad about her though. And as much as Vaughn would love to find out her story, he was late. He purposefully trudged through the sand toward the locker room so he could get changed into business attire. Today was important for the San Diego chapter. Today, the Moguls had visitors. Joshua DeLong and Daniel Cobb, co-presidents of the national chapter in Miami, were in town.

There were rumors that San Diego could be awarded Chapter of the Year. Vaughn certainly hoped that was the case; it would be a prestigious honor. The chapter had been successful in attracting younger members to the organization, but it hadn’t come without drama. Some of the older members of Prescott George were less enthused. They felt like they were being pushed out to make room for a younger, hipper generation, which simply wasn’t true. Vaughn believed in the Moguls motto: From generation to generation, lifting each other up. If they didn’t pull in the next generation, how could they possibly continue providing college scholarships to needy students and funding to inner-city organizations?

All of these thoughts coursed through Vaughn’s mind as he took a quick shower, changed into a designer black suit with pinstriped tie and headed for his Ferrari California T in the parking lot. He smiled when he saw the expensive sports vehicle with its turbocharged engine and drop top. For such a new company, Elite had done quite well in the marketplace and afforded Vaughn the luxury of a fancy car, private jet and a beachside mansion in La Jolla. Before turning on the engine, he glanced back at the beach, wondering why a woman as beautiful as that stranger looked so forlorn. He shrugged. Wasn’t his problem. He had bigger fish to fry. He turned the ignition, the Ferrari roared to life and Vaughn sped away.

* * *

The San Diego Prescott George chapter was located inside a historic brewery near the East Village. Vaughn parked outside the renovated, environmentally friendly building and strode inside. He walked through the offices, glancing around at the exposed brick, loft ceilings and state-of-the-art canopy lighting that made up the Moguls club as he headed to the all-glass conference room. As in other Prescott George offices, pictures of their founding members, Prescott Owens and George Rollins, hung on the walls, reminding them of who started the organization. The meeting was already underway and multiple sets of eyes glowered at Vaughn as he made his way near the head of the table where Christopher Marland, the chapter’s president, sat next to two strangers who Vaughn could only assume were Daniel Cobb and Joshua DeLong.

Vaughn gave a halfhearted smile as he sat down. “Sorry. I was unavoidably detained.”

“By what? A wave?” Another member guffawed.

Several other members at the table chuckled softly at the joke, but they immediately stopped when Vaughn glared at them.

“You might want to wipe off the evidence,” Christopher concurred as he reached across the table and brushed sand off Vaughn’s shoulder.

Darn! He thought he’d caught it all. It wasn’t easy changing into a suit at a beach locker room. Perhaps he should endow the county with a new state-of-the art facility to ensure something like this didn’t happen again?

“Getting back to business,” Christopher said, returning his focus to the meeting. “We’re pleased that the chapter is being graced with such an honor.”

“So, it’s true?” Vaughn interrupted him. “We’re Chapter of the Year?”

“That’s right,” one of his Miami brethren replied. He was tall and fair-skinned with striking blue eyes. Vaughn didn’t know brothers could have eyes that color. “We feel that San Diego has shown not only the vision, but the gravitas necessary to propel Prescott George into the future.”

“Daniel Cobb.” The other gentleman reached across the table to shake Vaughn’s hand. “And that’s Joshua DeLong.” He inclined his head to the fair-skinned man beside him. “We know it couldn’t have been easy. There had to be opposition to change, probably as much as we’ve encountered in Miami.”

“You mean when you ousted a Rollins?” an older member asked from the far side of the table.

“No!” Daniel responded hotly. “Ashton realized it was in the best interest of Prescott George to have some new blood with fresh ideas at the helm. He’s still very much involved in the Miami chapter.”

“I doubt that,” the man muttered underneath his breath.

“If you have something to say,” Joshua DeLong responded, “by all means, speak up. We welcome feedback. Good or bad.”

Daniel grabbed Joshua’s arm and whispered something in his ear.

Vaughn couldn’t resist smiling. He liked Joshua DeLong. He was his kind of guy. Just look at his appearance. He wasn’t wearing the customary suit like the rest of the members of Prescott George, Daniel included. He wore trousers and a T-shirt with a blazer he’d probably haphazardly thrown on at the last minute to show he was making an effort. Vaughn understood wanting to dance to the beat of your own drum. It was what he’d been doing for years now that he was no longer an officer in the United States Navy.

The older member remained mum.

“Good then,” Daniel said. “Then, if it’s alright with you—” he turned to Christopher “—we’d like to announce your selection as Chapter of the Year at your annual benefit in a few months.”

“Sounds like a mighty fine idea,” Vaughn chimed in. “It would be great press for the organization and chapter. Don’tcha think?” He glanced around the table at the other members.

“My skills at handling the press are fully at your disposal,” Joshua DeLong said.

“Skills?” Another member laughed. “Infamy is more like it.” Several other members expressed their amusement.

Vaughn stepped in. “It’s those very same tweets, Instagram posts and Snapchats that have helped connect us with new members.”

“You mean the young whippersnappers who can’t be bothered to be here?” The older man glanced around the room.

“They aren’t on the board,” Christopher responded tightly and Vaughn noticed the firm line across his mouth. “That’s why they have mentors to groom them into becoming leaders. It doesn’t happen overnight.”

“I’d love to hear more about this mentorship program,” Daniel responded. “Do you both have time to discuss after the meeting?” He directed his question to Christopher and Vaughn.

“Absolutely,” they both said in unison.

The chapter meeting concluded soon after and Vaughn watched the other members shuffle out of the room. Once the room had cleared, Joshua spoke first. “Looks like you face the same resistance to change that we’ve encountered in Miami.”

“We do.” Christopher nodded.

“How do you combat it?’ Daniel inquired.

Vaughn chuckled, but Christopher responded. “Clearly, we haven’t squashed it entirely. We’ve just had to push forward with our agenda.”

“Attracting younger members?” Joshua offered. “Talk to me about this mentorship program.”

“Let’s retire to the lounge for cigars.” Christopher gestured for the men to walk ahead of him.

The lounge housed several large chocolate leather sofas surrounded by modern and edgy furnishings. The men sat in a semicircle and discussed the future of Prescott George. Christopher offered their guests expensive cigars which another member had brought back from Cuba. Eventually, conversation returned to San Diego’s progress with millennials.

“We’ve had some great events like beachside barbecues, art gallery openings and wine tastings, specifically geared to a select group of young millionaires,” Christopher said. “We have a great artist in our midst, Jordan Jace. You may have heard of him?”

Joshua nodded. “I have his work. It’s cutting-edge.”

“Jace is like a lot of our younger members. They like being part of an organization in a limited capacity,” Christopher responded. “Of course, I know our small-time events are a far cry from the charity galas you have in Miami.”

“Hey, that’s how you have to roll in South Beach,” Joshua replied with a chuckle as he leaned back and puffed on a cigar. “Go big or go home.”

“Our chapter does plenty of good work. We just do it in a less traditional format,” Christopher intervened and Vaughn couldn’t help but notice how uptight the man always was. But that was Christopher; he certainly wasn’t Vaughn’s favorite person after he’d dumped his baby sister Eliza all those years ago. Vaughn didn’t think she’d ever truly recovered. He suspected it was why she’d moved to New York, to have a fresh start and get over Christopher. She was back now and keeping a low profile.

Hours later, after they’d shaken hands with their Miami brethren and given them their best advice, Christopher returned to his office to work on an architectural project, but Vaughn was restless. He hadn’t had nearly enough time at the beach today. He’d gone into Elite’s office early that morning and taken care of some pressing business and hadn’t been able to get out to the beach until the late morning. Then, he’d had to cut his surfing time in half because of the Prescott George meeting. He needed to breathe in some fresh, salty ocean air. Hopping into his Ferrari, Vaughn headed back to his second home, the beach.

* * *

Miranda Jensen sucked in several deep breaths. She was glad the surf god who had majestically surfaced from the Pacific Ocean wearing a snug-fitting wet suit was gone. She colored when she thought about how she’d stared so openly at the magnificent specimen of a man. Unabashedly, she’d watched him glide the zipper of his wet suit down as he’d shaken off the excess water. He had a sculpted torso which had revealed hard, defining muscles underneath and eight, yes eight-pack abs, that were impossible to ignore.

The man was ripped!

His chest had been surprisingly smooth and hair-free and Miranda would have loved to flick her tongue across the brown discs of his nipples.

Sweet Jesus!

What was wrong with her?

She’d struggled to gulp in air as he’d walked straight toward her, never taking his eyes off her. At first, she’d thought he was going to make a pass at her. There was obvious interest lurking in those penetrating dark depths. He’d seen her giving him the eye, but instead of talking to her, he’d kept moving, leaving Miranda to wonder if it was because of her man curse. She was still hypersensitive when it came to men these days. How could she not be? She had a bad track record when it came to the opposite sex and the broken heart to prove it.

Since her breakup with Jake, whom she’d thought was the love of her life, Miranda had had a series of unsuccessful relationships. Jake had unceremoniously kicked her to the curb in a favor of a promising career in Japan with a pretty something co-worker he’d met abroad. Her rebound guy Anthony was a womanizer and notorious cheat. She’d caught him in bed with one of her supposed friends. The last joker Chris she’d dated had only been after her money, ingratiating himself into her family in the hopes he’d hit the jackpot. Thankfully, she’d gotten hip to his real agenda before she’d married him; otherwise it would have been a disaster of epic proportions.

And now all Miranda could hear was the sound of a clock ticking in her head.

No, it wasn’t her biological clock.

It was the timer on her fortune, which was about to slip through her fingers if she couldn’t find a groom. She had her grandfather to thank for putting her in the predicament she was in. He’d passed away a couple of months ago and as a condition of his will, he required that his only grandchild, Miranda, marry by the age of thirty or forfeit her inheritance altogether. If she didn’t marry, the huge sum of money that was rightfully hers would go to one of her grandfather’s charities and forever vanquish Miranda’s dream of opening her own upscale bed-and-breakfast by the ocean. Or at least postpone it.

Fury boiled inside Miranda’s veins.

She valued her independence but perversely, she needed to be tied to a man in order to achieve her personal goals.

But this time love would have nothing to do with it.

Miranda didn’t know if she’d been trying too hard to find Mr. Right. Or whether she was just one of those people who were destined to be alone. Nevertheless, the rejections and lies of her former lovers had hardened her heart. She’d vowed that no man would ever hurt her again. If they were after her money, so be it.

But it would be on her terms.

She’d taken a leave of absence from her job as a hotel administrator in Chicago to go husband shopping. She was hoping to find a man and make him an offer he couldn’t refuse: a marriage of convenience with a huge cash payday.

After her Adonis had come out of the sea, Miranda had left the beach and gone to a nearby café for a cool beverage. It was casually chic and she hoped offered a good drink. It wasn’t like she’d been dressed for the beach anyway. Her lace sheath dress was definitely not beach attire and as for her pumps, she was still trying to get the sand out of them.

“Can I get you another drink?” the bartender inquired. “It’s happy hour now and cocktails are half priced.” When she didn’t answer quickly, the bartender walked away to help another customer.

Miranda glanced down at the pomegranate martini she’d been nursing since she arrived. She’d only been in San Diego for twenty-four hours. Her best friend Sasha Charles had picked her up from the airport last night and deposited her at her hotel. Sasha had offered Miranda to stay at her place, but Miranda had been adamant that she didn’t want to put her friend out. That wasn’t the real reason. She didn’t want to share her real plans with Sasha because she knew Sasha wouldn’t approve. And so she’d opted to stay at a hotel instead. It was an elegantly appointed hotel that would suffice for what she hoped was a short stay.

Miranda was hoping that she could find Mr. Right quickly enough that she would meet the one-month deadline looming over her head, before her inheritance was given away. Her parents, Tucker and Leigh, were just as upset as she was by her grandfather’s stipulation. She’d been hoping to find a loophole, but her attorneys had been unsuccessful. And now desperate times called for desperate measures.

She was just about to order another martini when the surf god from this morning came strolling into the café. He sat down at the far end of the bar away from her and talked to the bartender. Given the easy rapport they shared, they must know each other.

She allowed herself a few minutes to adjust to seeing him fully dressed. But this time, he was no less potent than he’d been on the beach earlier. In fact, she’d say he was more so. Her devastatingly sexy stranger had closely cropped black hair, an angular face that held bushy eyebrows and facial hair that was more than a five-o’clock shadow, but not a full beard, and the dreamiest eyes she’d ever seen. He was dressed in distressed jeans that clung to a gloriously tight behind, from what Miranda recalled, and a graphic T-shirt that hugged his defined biceps. Miranda couldn’t forget how delectable his body had looked earlier and licked her lips in remembrance.

Why was she having such a reaction to this man?

He clearly didn’t have a nine-to-five job. Why else would he have been at the beach when most people were at work? And here he was again, which told her that he could be exactly the sort of man who could be compelled by the promise of a hefty cash payout.

Decision made, she slid off the bar stool with as much modesty as she could in a dress, grasped her purse dangling from the stool and moved toward her mysterious stranger. What was the worst he could do? Brush her off? He’d done that earlier and she was no worse for the wear.

“Ahem.” Miranda coughed loudly, bringing her right hand to her mouth.

He glanced up from his conversation, but didn’t make any effort to speak. Instead his dark eyes gleamed like glassy volcanic rock as he boldly raked her from the top of her hair to her now aching feet. Pumps were definitely not made for all the walking she’d done today. “Are you done with your appraisal?” Miranda inquired. Flirting could work to her benefit if it garnered his interest. Though he would soon find out she had an agenda.

“Nearly.” He continued to scan her critically for several more moments before he beamed his approval and looked her dead in the eye.

“And?”

A perplexed look crossed his features. “And what?”

“Do you like what you see?” Miranda inquired.

“Yes. Yes, I do very much.”

Miranda’s insides jangled with excitement as she slid onto the bar stool beside him. The bartender came to her immediately. “Have you decided if you’d like another?’

“Actually, I’d like something stronger.” She turned to her companion. “What would you recommend?”

He grinned a delicious stomach-curling smile. “Max, get her a bourbon, same as me.” He swiveled around to face her. “It’s a bit strong, but I think you’ll like it.”

“I like strong,” Miranda countered. “Men, that is.”

“Is that a fact?”

She smiled coquettishly. “It is indeed. I noticed you earlier surfing.” She inclined her head toward the beach that was about a hundred yards away.

“And did you like what you saw?”

She raised a brow. He’d seen her watching him, so she answered honestly. “You know I did. It was quite entertaining watching you out there.”

“And afterward?”

An image of him in the wet suit flashed across Miranda’s mind. “The view wasn’t bad either.”

Her stranger laughed heartily and Miranda liked the sound of it. It was deep and masculine and the very air around her seemed electrified being next to him.

“Well, aren’t you a breath of fresh air. You actually say what’s on your mind.”

“Miranda.” She extended her hand. “Miranda Jensen.”

“Vic Elliott.” His grip was strong and his hands were massive, swallowing her small ones in his. “Pleasure to meet you, Miranda. And here’s your drink.” He motioned to the bar where the bartender had placed her drink along with another bourbon for him. He held up his glass and she did the same. “Cheers.”

He tapped his glass against hers and watched her take a sip. His gaze was so compelling that Miranda had to focus on sipping her drink. It was as strong as he said it would be, but she needed liquid courage. “I like it.”

“A lady after my own heart.”

“And would there be any other ladies of your heart?” she inquired. Better she know now what she was up against than waste her time with a man who wasn’t available.

He gave her a sideward glance. “There’s no one special.”

“How about some dinner?” Miranda inquired. “Since I’m new to San Diego, you choose.”

“Would love to.”

* * *

Vaughn liked Miranda Jensen. She was open and direct. He appreciated her honesty. She knew what she wanted and wasn’t afraid to put all her cards on the table. He liked that she’d approached him in the café. She seemed unconcerned about what he did for a living or how much money he made. Twice today, she’d seen him, first at the beach and now at the café. She probably thought he was a drifter that she could have a one-night stand with while on a business trip to San Diego. And that was just fine with him. She was a fine-looking woman and he wouldn’t mind getting better acquainted with her. In or out of bed.

After they finished their bourbons, Vaughn decided to take Miranda to a local seafood spot that had the best crab claws in town. Rather than drive his Ferrari and call out the fact that he was loaded, Vaughn opted for an Uber. When he was getting to know a woman and to weed out gold diggers only interested in his money, he usually gave minimal details about himself, including the name Vic Elliott. In the Navy, his men had nicknamed him Vic and it stuck, so Vaughn used it along with an abbreviated version of his last name.

“Hope you don’t mind getting dirty?” Vaughn said, as the Uber driver drove them to the restaurant. His thigh was inches from hers and he could feel himself getting further and further turned on by this woman and they hadn’t even touched yet.

“I don’t mind,” Miranda said. “In fact, the dirtier the better. Though I do wish I’d opted to change clothes.” She glanced down at her attire.

“Why?” Vaughn asked, glancing in her direction. “You look beautiful.”

“But a bit overdressed for the beach, right?” She laughed.

He smiled. “A bit, that’s what makes you so adorable.” He reached across the short distance between them and tucked a wayward strand of hair that had fallen in her face behind her ear. When she glanced up at him, her eyes were filled with desire. Vaughn wanted to sweep his mouth across hers and taste her, but the car came to a stop.

“We’re here!” she said brightly.

Yes, we are, Vaughn thought. If the car hadn’t come to a halt, it was a certainty he would have acted on the rampant desire he felt for Miranda.

* * *

He’d been about to kiss her, Miranda was absolutely sure of that fact. The way he’d looked at her with those searing dark eyes that seemed to read into her soul, told her so. And she would have let him. Hadn’t her heart been hammering in her chest, just sitting beside him, thigh to thigh, shoulder to shoulder? Even though they’d only known each other barely an hour. She would have let this handsome and sexy stranger have his way with her.

What would that have been like? Would his kiss have been soft and sweet? Or hard and hungry?

She needed to get control of herself.

She wasn’t here for romantic entanglements. She needed a husband—and quick. This man looked like he wasn’t desperate for money, but wouldn’t mind some extra cash in the bank. And it didn’t hurt that he wasn’t bad on the eyes either. Not that her marriage would be a real one. She had no intentions of consummating the marriage. They would only stay together long enough to ensure her inheritance before going their separate ways. But first, she had to ask him.

After exiting the car, Vic led her inside the seafood restaurant with his hand lightly resting on the small of her back as he propelled her forward. It was in no way untoward, but Miranda felt it all the same. He kept it there until they were seated and he’d scooted her chair underneath her before taking his own.

“You’re quite the gentleman.”

He grinned. “My mama taught me how to treat a lady.”

“Sounds like she’s a wise woman,” Miranda offered.

“She’s an amazing woman.” The way he said it told Miranda that he was close with his mother. A man who had a good relationship with his mama was always a good sign.

After the waiter filled their water glasses and took their drink orders, Vic immediately begin firing questions at her. “So where are you from, Miranda?”

“Chicago.”

“And what do you do there?”

“I work in the hotel industry,” she responded.

“And what brings you to the West Coast?”

“I have a pressing business matter that I’ve put off for far too long and now it requires my attention.”

He laughed and shrugged off her evasiveness. “That’s rather vague, but you don’t have to share. I understand the need for anonymity.”

“And what is it that you do?” Miranda inquired. If he was going to put her on the hot seat, why shouldn’t she return the favor?

“I used to be in the Navy, but now I surf.”

“Why the Navy?”

“If you couldn’t tell, I love the ocean and the sea. Quite frankly I’ve never felt at home anywhere else except on the water. It’s a part of me.”

“I’ve a laundry list of places I’d love to go to, but I imagined you’ve traveled the world extensively while in the Navy.”

“It did afford me certain luxuries, but we usually weren’t there long enough to truly take in the culture. Now Chicago on the other hand, I’d steer clear of. I can’t imagine living in the Midwest and having to deal with all that cold and snow. How do you do it?”

Miranda shrugged. “I suppose you get used to it. Have you always lived in California?”

Vic nodded. “It’s close to the ocean, just how I like it.”

The waiter returned with their drinks and they continued happily chatting about Vic’s travels until dinner came. Miranda was a good sport when the waiter put bibs on both her and Vic so their clothes wouldn’t get soiled. A platter of succulent crab claws with mustard sauce and Lyonnaise potatoes were placed in front of them.

“You have to try this.” Vic reached for a crab claw and dipping it in the mustard concoction, he leaned over the table and fed it to Miranda. Her eyes grew large at the romantic gesture and she toyed with the idea of not accepting, but in the end, she grasped Vic’s large hand in hers and bit into the crab, taking a large chunk into her mouth.

Vic sat back in his chair, but his eyes never lost hers as a sigh of ecstasy escaped her lips at the sweetness of the crab meat and tanginess of the mustard sauce. Desire zinged through her and Miranda knew a blush had to be tinting her cheeks.

“That’s delicious…”

“I know, right?” The tone of his vice was jovial, but the look on Vic’s face was anything but. It was a hungry look. A look that told Miranda she’d awakened the beast. She watched him place a small heap of potatoes on her plate. And thank God for it. Miranda was completely tongue-tied. She’d known she was attracted to Vic. And it scared her. If she chose this man—there was no way theirs would be a marriage of convenience.



Don’t miss

HIS SAN DIEGO SWEETHEART

by Yahrah St. John

available now wherever

HQN Books and ebooks are sold.

www.Harlequin.com

Copyright © 2018 by Harlequin Books S.A.





ISBN-13: 9781488098192

ALL MY TOMORROWS

First published as ALL MY TOMORROWS by Harlequin Kimani Arabesque in 2005

This edition published in 2018

Copyright © 2005 by Rochelle Alers.

All rights reserved. By payment of the required fees, you have been granted the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and read the text of this e-book on-screen. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, down-loaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, now known or hereinafter invented, without the express written permission of publisher, Harlequin Enterprises Limited, 22 Adelaide St. West, 40th Floor Toronto, ON M5H 4E3 Canada.

All characters in this book have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation whatsoever to anyone bearing the same name or names. They are not even distantly inspired by any individual known or unknown to the author, and all incidents are pure invention.

This edition published by arrangement with Harlequin Books S.A.

® and ™ are trademarks of the publisher. Trademarks indicated with ® are registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office and in other countries.

www.Harlequin.com





