Her Premarital Ex


(The Alexanders, Book 3)





By Tina Martin





Copyright 2014 @ Tina Martin


SMASHWORDS EDITION





All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, photocopying and recording, without prior written consent of the author.





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, businesses and products are used fictitiously. Any similarity to actual events is entirely coincidental.





Her Premarital Ex





: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : Padma’s Food House : : : Menu : : : Our Vision: To serve five-star quality food to people of all walks of life. All food is free of charge. All we ask for is a small donation.





: : : Appetizers : : : Ms. Bea’s Clam Chowder Crab Dip

Mozzarella Sticks Hot Wings

House Salad

Caesar Salad





: : : Entrees : : : (All entrees served with hush puppies and a choice of two side items.)





Stuffed Flounder Crab Cakes

Fried Shrimp

Fish Tacos (Two Tacos served with rice pilaf)

Rotisserie Chicken



: : : Sides : : : Fresh, steamed veggies Macaroni & Cheese Coleslaw

Rice Pilaf

Baked Potato

Steak Fries





: : : Desserts : : : (All desserts by famous pastry chef, Tyson Alexander)

Ask your server about the pastry of the day.





: : : Drinks : : : Carolina Sweet Tea Lemonade

Coke

Diet Coke

Dr. Pepper

Sprite

Hi-C Orange





: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :





Chapter 1





~ * ~





Gabrielle lay comfortable early in the morning, drowning in a mess of white sheets, her legs intertwined and locked with Tyson’s. She closed her eyes and pulled in a long, relaxing breath, releasing it as a soft yawn. From an opened window, she could hear the pleasant tussles from the Roanoke Sound. The beach morning breeze and trickling water made her want to stay in bed. Even the salty smell of ocean water that seeped in brought a smile to her face. But nothing made her happier than the man lying beside her, Tyson Alexander, her amazing husband.





Four months into marriage was nothing to brag about – like people who’ve been married for thirty plus years do – but they were just starting out, beginning their journey together. That was just fine with them. And they’d started out on a good note. They hadn’t argued over a thing. They both made concessions to satisfy the other person before any disagreements could morph into arguments. On top of that, Tyson was good at giving her any and everything she wanted, completely spoiling his lady with a new car, flowers, candy, romantic dinners on the beach and surprise vacations.


Gabrielle stared at her husband in complete awe. She’d put him on a pedestal a long time ago. Her king. Not only was his sun-kissed brown skin evenly toned, but so was every muscle in his athletic body. He kept in shape, had an aristocratic face that was sculpted to perfection. His nose was stately, his mustache and thick eyebrows added texture to his smooth, handsome face.


How did I get so lucky, she thought.





Gabrielle glanced at the clock. The time displayed 3:56 a.m. She secretly celebrated the four additional minutes she had to gaze upon Tyson’s face without him knowing she was doing so. She wanted to reach out and run the tip of her index finger across his lips, but she didn’t want to disturb his last few minutes of sleep before their morning jog. Instead, she moved closer to him – so close that their noses almost touched. She smelled a light, musky cologne on his skin, listened to him breathe and watched his chest rise and fall. Looking at his well-formed, alluring lips made her smile. She was close to stealing a kiss when she watched his lips form into a smile.


He chuckled softly. “This is the third time this week I wake up to you staring at me.”


A look of surprise and embarrassment swept over Gabrielle’s face. “Tyson! I thought you were sleeping.”


“You know my internal clock is already programmed to wake up a few minutes before four. I’ve been doing it for years, sweet lips.” He took a kiss from her soft lips, then closed his eyes again with a look of satisfaction on his face.





Gabrielle gently traced her fingertips down the side of his face and played with his ear lobe. “Yes, I know that,” she whispered.


“Then why do you seem so surprised?”

Goodness. Those eyes. His relaxed coffee brown eyes in the morning made him incredibly irresistible. Well, he was already irresistible, but it was something about his placid demeanor in the mornings that made Gabrielle want to stay in bed instead of going for a jog.





Then it dawned on her – she knew what it was about mornings – he was calm and not on his laptop ordering food and supplies for his restaurants. He wasn’t running off to Padma’s charity restaurants to make pastries or in the kitchen cooking – things he enjoyed doing, but activities that also took up a lot of his time and energy. He was just calm, and she had all of his attention.


“Bri, did you hear me?”

“Yeah. I heard you.” She left a few pecks on his cheeks. His chin. His neck.





Beep, beep, BEEP!


The alarm clock interrupted her advances, but it hadn’t stopped her.


“It’s time to go.”

“No,” Gabrielle said, continuing to place little kisses on him. “We can run later.”

“Bri, time to go, baby.”

“Noooo, Tyson,” she pouted.





He took a kiss from her lips. “Yes. Let’s go.”


“Oh, Tyson...don’t do this to me,” she drawled out.





Tyson stood up from the bed, stretching his arms up in the air. “Come on, little lady. Up. Time to get that adrenaline pumping.”


“Ugh…okay,” she said, taking a deep breath and sitting up. Finally.





* * *





They ran along the shoreline together, listening to seagulls squawking, seeing a few other runners out as early as they were. Over the months, Gabrielle learned to keep up with Tyson, running alongside of him instead of lagging behind.


Today, however, she stayed behind him a little so she could see the sheer power in his thick, muscular legs as his size fourteen Nike’s struck sand. He always had strict determination with whatever he did and that’s something Gabrielle admired about him. He selflessly gave everything his all, from helping the less fortunate to making her feel loved in every way he could think of.


As they ran back towards home, she watched sweat dampen the gray tank top he was wearing.


“Bri...you okay?” he asked, when she began falling behind a little too much.

“Mmm hmm,” she replied.

“Are you getting tired?”

“No.”

“What’s wrong then?” he asked, turning around to face her, jogging backwards now. “You’re usually good about keeping up with me.”

“Nothing’s wrong, Tyson.” She wouldn’t tell him that her concupiscent feelings for him is what slowed her down, but somehow, she had a feeling he already knew that.

“Come on...get on my back. I’ll take you the rest of the way...just like old times.”

“I’ll make it, Tyson.”

“No, get on my back,” he said, stopping, then leaning over so she could hop on.

“All right...if you insist.”





He walked swiftly with the weight of her like it didn’t faze him.


Gabrielle closed her eyes and rested her head against his back, just below his neck, rubbing her face in his sweat. This was love. True love. The kind of love most people dream about. The kind of love she used to dream about when she was in an abusive relationship with her ex. The love she thought she’d never find. The world could totally fall apart and nothing would matter, as long as she had Tyson.





A tear escaped her eye and she smiled.


“Bri?”

“Yes?”

“Are you drooling on me?” Tyson asked with a smirk on his face.





Gabrielle sniffled. “No,” she whimpered.


“Hey,” Tyson said, lowering her from his back so that he could look her in the eyes. “Why are you crying?” Tyson wiped her tears away with his thumbs.

“It’s nothing,” she said.

“Gabrielle, why are you crying?”





She shook her head. “It’s silly. I shouldn’t even be crying right now.”


“Gabrielle,” Tyson said, placing his hands against her face, wiping her tears away again. “Why are you crying?”

“Because I love you.”

“You’re crying because you love me?” he asked, confused.

“Yes,” she sniffled. “Told you it was silly.”





Tyson smiled. So did she.





Chapter 2





~ * ~





Dilvan sat at his large, twelve-chair dining room table alone, feeling the emptiness of his home along with the incompleteness of himself. His family thought he was some sort of a psychopath and he couldn’t understand why. He’d never done anything to harm them, never inflicted harm upon them – not his brothers, his father or mother. He wouldn’t think of doing such a thing, but somehow, since the family moved from Sri Lanka and became grounded in North Carolina, he’d become the outcast, the one who was looked down upon because he had no interest in being a part of the family business. He wanted to be his own man, make his own success story without living in his parent’s shadows. Most parents raised their children to do this – to grow up and follow their dreams, be their own man and pursue and fulfill their goals in life.





His parents, however, took it personal that, instead of sitting in an office all day, he decided to travel the world and become a model. It’s not like he was bad at it. He’d made millions pursuing his dreams. He had major companies coming at him all the time to model clothes and do shoots, but lately, he found himself turning most of them down in order to free up some time to do what his parents wanted – what they expected of him. With the rest of the time, he was busy thinking up ways to get Gabrielle back.


“Here you go, Suh...scrambled eggs, pittu and fried plantains. You already have some coconut milk, don’t you?”

“Yep. I’m good on that.” He took a sip of it.

“Alright...well, enjoy,” Beatrice said, heading back for the kitchen.

“Hey, have you eaten?” Dilvan asked, before she could leave the room.

“No, Suh...wanted to make sure you were taken care of first.”

“Bring your food in here and eat with me, please.”





Beatrice frowned and didn’t move an inch or attempt to take another step. She couldn’t have heard him correctly...sounded as if he asked her to eat with him.


Dilvan watched her in a thoroughly confused state. He knew his request would come as somewhat of a surprise to her. He’d never asked her to join him for breakfast before, which is probably the reason why she looked like she was dumbfounded, but he hadn’t expected her to completely freeze, stand still in time and grimace. In this moment, Dilvan realized that he hadn’t known Ms. Beatrice as well as he should have, especially considering she’d been his housekeeper for five years. He wasn’t so sure if she even liked him, let alone being his housekeeper.


Maybe she only stays because I pay her well. Other than that, she probably thinks I’m a jerk like the rest of the family does.





Obliging to his request and coming out of a disconcerted stupor, Beatrice said, “Okay, Suh, let me grab my plate and I’ll be right back.”


He waited a few beats...hadn’t even touched his food. Once Beatrice was sitting in front of him, he began his meal.


“Ah, see you’re trying the pittu,” he told her.

“Yeah...never thought I’d be eating Sri Lankan cuisine, but I figure it took me two years to learn how to cook it...might as well eat it.”





He smirked. “How do you like it?”


“It’s pretty good, Suh.”

Why does she keep calling me, Sir, he pondered. The way she said it sounded more like ‘Suh’ but still, he wanted to know why she kept on saying it. At any rate, he laid his fork in his plate and took a sip of coconut milk, thinking about the last time he sat at this table with Gabrielle. He had told her to never make eye contact with him. Now, that’s all he wanted. Eye contact, to see her big, beautiful eyes would make his day.

“Is something the matter, Suh? You look upset.”





Dilvan blinked out of his trance and gave Beatrice his full attention. “Why do you call me, Sir? Is it just what you do, or—”


Beatrice grinned.


“What?”

“You don’t remember, Suh?

“No. Enlighten me.”

“When I applied for this position, almost five years ‘go, you told me to address you as Suh...not Mr. Alexander, not Dilvan...but Suh.”





He frowned. “I did?”


“Yes, Suh. You sho nuff did. I just figured it was your thing to do, especially after you made Mrs. Gabrielle call you ‘My Lord’.”





Dilvan scooped up some eggs, tasted them and said, “Well, from now on, I want you to call me Dilvan.”


“Come again, Suh,” Beatrice asked with raised brows.

“I said, from this point forward, I want you to call me Dilvan. Can you do that?”

“Yes, Suh...I mean, yes, Dilvan,” Beatrice grinned. “It sho gon’ sound mighty funny me calling you by your first name and all...gon’ take Ms. Bea a while to get used to that.”

“Okay, well just keep it at the front of your mind. Can you do that for me?”

“Yes, Dilvan. I can do that. See, it’s working already, now ain’t it?”

“Yeah. It is.” Dilvan dropped his fork again. He hadn’t known Beatrice that well. He didn’t even know if she had a family. He’d never seen anyone come by to visit her. She lived in one of the downstairs bedrooms in his home. Out of curiosity, he asked, “Beatrice, do you have children?”

“No,” she replied downcast. “Ms. Bea never had no chilrens. Doctor once told me I couldn’t have youngins.”

“Oh. What about family? You have any family in North Carolina?”

“No. I do have a brother that lives in Newport News, Virginia. A younger brother.”

“Really?”

“Yes.”

“Why has he never come to visit you?”

“’Cause you told me I could not have any visitors.”

“I did no such thing,” Dilvan responded facetiously, thinking she was joking.

“Oh yes you did.”

“I did?” he asked with a frown.

“Yes, you did.”

“Well, why don’t you visit him?”





Beatrice scratched her head. Something was wrong with Dilvan, well other than the obvious. He couldn’t remember a thing this morning. “You told me I couldn’t have any time off work.”


“I did what?”

“You told me I could never take any time off of work...said I needed to be available any time you needed me.”





Dilvan buried his face in his hands, frustrated and exhausted. He couldn’t believe how selfish he’d been to the people around him. That’s why he didn’t have Gabrielle any longer. He shook his head. There were so many things he would do differently if given the opportunity. He would love Gabrielle like she deserved to be loved, tell her how beautiful she was and make love to her. Since Tyson stole her from him, he hadn’t had the opportunity to make recompense for his past actions, didn’t even have an opportunity to win her back.


At any rate, he couldn’t dwell on the past. He could only start rebuilding his character one small step at a time. So looking at Beatrice, he said, “Okay, so I am a jerk. I can’t believe you haven’t had a vacation in five years, so here’s what I’m going to do. You tell me when you want to take a vacation and it’s yours. And if you want to visit your brother, I will personally make the arrangements as well as pay all of your expenses.”

“Really, Suh?”

“Dilvan,” he said, correcting her and refreshing her memory on what she should be calling him now.

“Yes...sorry, Dilvan...told you it was gon’ take Ms. Bea a while to get used to calling you by your first name.”

“And yes, I am serious...let me know when you want to see your brother, and I’ll pay all of your expenses.”





Beatrice placed her hand over her heart. “I...I...I don’t know how to thank you.”


“You already have. Oh, and by the way, how much am I paying you?”

“Twenty dollars and hour.”

“That just went up by ten an hour.”





Beatrice almost fell out of her seat. She placed both of her hands on the table and steadied herself since her head was spinning. She took a handkerchief from a pocket on the apron she was wearing and dabbed her forehead and the perimeter of her face. “Dilvan, do you have a fever?”


He grinned. “No, I’m fine, Beatrice...just righting a lot of wrongs, starting with you.”


“Well, ain’t God good,” she declared, raising her hands to the roof. “I sho do ‘preciate it.”

“You deserve it.”

“Well, let me get these dishes cleaned up,” she said with a pep in her step, eager to work now that she’d just gotten a raise and apparently a sane boss.

“Um...actually, before you go, I need to ask you something.”

“Okay.” She gave him her attention again.

“At the wedding reception party, did Gabrielle say anything about me?”





Beatrice thought about it for a moment and said, “No...I don’t believe she did.”


“I saw her that day...at the store. She was buying some ice,” he said in a nostalgic way.

“Oh yeah, ‘cause the ice maker had stopped working or something like that. So you spoke with Mrs. Gabrielle?”





Dilvan nodded. “Briefly.”


“Dilvan, you know Gabrielle and Tyson are happily married now, don’t ya?”





Those words spewing from her mouth stabbed him in the heart. “Yeah, I know but—”


“But don’t you think it’s best to let her be...for her sake and for your own?”

“I thought about it, but no, I don’t. I can’t get over feeling like Tyson took her from me, Beatrice. I mean, I know where I went wrong with Gabrielle, and all I want to do is make it right.”





Beatrice sighed, feeling sympathy for his situation for the first time since Gabrielle left. Dilvan seemed to be genuinely sorry for what he’d done to her and Beatrice could see firsthand that he was making changes. Yet and still, he needed to realize that Gabrielle was with Tyson now, and they were married and in love. So drawing in a breath, she said, “Sometimes, it’s hard for us to move on, ‘specially when we know we’re the one who messed up.”


Dilvan shook his head in agreement. “Let me ask you this...you know me. Do you think I’m a loveable person?”


Beatrice sighed. She didn’t want to tell him what she really thought – that he was too rigid to even think about love. But she didn’t want to sugar-coat anything either. “I think that sometimes, people rush into love and relationships. You’re still young, Dilvan, and you a handsome fella, too. Just take some time, get yourself together and figure out how you can make yourself a better person – a person that will be ready for a relationship. Everything else will fall into place.”





Dilvan nodded. “Thanks for the advice.”


“Anytime. Now, let me clean up in here.”

Dilvan crossed his arms and leaned back in his chair. He’d been getting a lot of advice lately but something about Beatrice’s advice resonated with him. Make yourself a person that will be ready for a relationship...it sounded easy but Dilvan knew it would require a lot of hard work, and to win Gabrielle back, he was up for the challenge.





Chapter 3





~ * ~





After extending the umbrella above the four-chair patio table, Gabrielle sipped on a cup of coffee, topped with cool whip and cinnamon, waiting for Tyson to join her. The morning was sweet, the humid air dampened her skin and while she looked towards the water, she admired the way the sun struck it at different angles which brightened some spots and darkened others, producing a variation of colors.





Taking a deep breath, Gabrielle inhaled it all in and released a slow, steady breath like she was practicing some type of deep breathing technique. Her body was well exercised thanks to jogging, and thoroughly loved thanks to Tyson. Now he was busy making breakfast.


She watched him emerge from the kitchen holding two plates. She smiled. Every time she laid eyes on him it was out of admiration and appreciation. He inspired her in so many ways – she wanted nothing other than to be a better woman for him. A woman with something going for herself. She wanted him to admire her as much as she admired him.


She watched him smile. He had on a white T-shirt and a pair of raggedy, distressed jeans that gave him a sexy, bad-boyish edge.


“Here you are, my dear,” he said setting a plate in front of her. “Let me know how you like it.”





He placed his plate on the table across from her, then took the seat in front of it.


Gabrielle hadn’t touched her food because she was too busy watching Tyson take his seat. Once he did, he looked up at her and met her gaze. “What?”


Gabrielle shook her head. “Nothing,” she decided to say. At some point, she knew he would grow tired of hearing her say how lucky she was to have him and how much she loved him. But that’s exactly what she was thinking.


“Nothing?” he responded. “Looks like you’re in deep thought.”

“I was.”

“About what?”

As if you don’t know. Gabrielle took another sip of coffee. “Nothing.” She studied him more, realizing that he was somewhat of a mystery. The fact that she didn’t know every single detail about him seemed to give him an edge. Besides, everyone had a past – some hidden secrets that they didn’t want anyone to know about. Even though Tyson’s secrets were the topic of many rumors, she could see for herself that he was a good man. He’d helped her get back on her feet and rescued her from his cruel, self-absorbed cousin. In the process, he’d fallen in love with her, made her his wife and now, they were sharing breakfast on a most beautiful day.

“A penny for your thoughts,” Tyson said, watching the breeze tackle her hair. The wind had picked up considerably. A storm was in the forecast for the evening hours.





Gabrielle smiled. “I was just thinking about some stuff.” She took a knife and a fork, sliced open the pastry watching cheese ooze out. Then she collected a piece on her fork and tasted it. “Mmm,” she mumbled. “Tyson, this is so good.”


Tyson smiled and began eating his own meal. Then taking a sip of coffee, he set the cup on the table and said, “Talk to me, Bri.”


“Okay, okay. So, I’ve been thinking about something,” Gabrielle began with garbled words because she was still eating. “I want to learn the business of restaurants. That’s what you do...that’s what Padma does, so since I haven’t mapped out a career path for myself, I was thinking that maybe I should learn the career of those around me.”





He tilted his head, looking at her in an intriguing way. She was married to a millionaire, yet, she still wanted a career? She didn’t need a job. She didn’t need to do anything but be his wife.


“What?” she asked when she noticed he’d stopped eating.





With something akin to a smirk on his face, he said, “Just curious as to why you want a career.”


She shrugged. “I always wanted a career. My father taught me I should work for what I want and not rely on anyone for anything.”


He frowned. Something about the way she said that didn’t go over well with him. “Not rely on anyone?” he said, borderline offended. “I’m your husband.”


“I know that, but—”

“But you don’t want to rely on me.”

“Tyson—”

“If you can’t rely on me, Gabrielle, who are you going to rely on?”

“Okay, wait...I think we’re getting off track here. I don’t want to argue, Tyson. I just—”

“Want a career...” he finished saying for her.

“Yes, and I’ve been thinking about one day opening a bakery. Do you realize that there are only three bakeries in Nags Head, and they don’t make the kind of things you make?”

“Yes, I realized that, actually,” he said, feeling his frustration mount. “Do you realize that my annual salary for the last five years have topped fifteen million dollars?”





Gabrielle sighed. She could read between the lines, of what he was trying to say without actually having to say it. “Tyson, just hear me out. Please?”


He took a sip of coffee.


She continued, “So these existing bakeries are just the powdered and glazed doughnut types. Opening a bakery and making the things you make will be a complete change to the traditional bakery, and having one on this side of the Outer Banks would be a plus, which leads me to this...um...Padma and Lalita are going to a restaurant seminar in Chicago this weekend and I want to go with them.”





Tyson tried his best to hide the frown in his forehead, but it came through as bright as the morning sun.


“You don’t like the idea,” Gabrielle said.

“You know I have to be in Atlanta this weekend. Remember the discussion I had with you about some new kitchen equipment I’m trying out there before I roll them out to the other restaurants?”

“Yes.”

“That’s this weekend.”

“Well, you could go there, and I will go to Chicago with Padma and Lalita.”

“Absolutely not.”





Gabrielle grinned. She thought Tyson was joking at first, but when she watched the frown deepen in his forehead, she knew he was serious. “Why not?”


“Because I don’t want you going there without me. And why, all of a sudden, do you want a career, Gabrielle?”

“I’ve always wanted a career. I don’t just want to live off of you.”

“You’re my wife.”

“I realize that and—”

“Do you realize that, because I don’t think you do? And to be quite frank with you, I’m not sure if I want you to work. It’s completely unnecessary.”





Gabrielle frowned. “Maybe to you it is, but it means something to me to make something of myself.”


“You are something. You’re my wife...the future mother of my children. I don’t want a wife that’s embedded into a job. I want a family woman.”





Gabrielle felt her sudden elation of the day slowly began to dissipate into the humid air. She hadn’t expected this conversation about her dreams and goals going south. Tyson was always quick to support her, but on this issue, he remained firm.


“Tell me, Gabrielle...tell me what you want that you don’t already have. All you have to do is ask me and it’s yours...you know that.”

“I want to go with Padma and Lalita to Chicago.”





Tyson was already shaking his head before she could get the words out. “No.”


Gabrielle leaned back in her chair, thinking about it. What would she do? Defy her husband and go anyway, or respect his wishes?


“Now that I’ve said no,” Tyson said, “You have to make your own choice. You’re grown, I cannot tell you what to do. I’m not a tyrant, holding you hostage in our home and expecting you to do everything I want. All I can do is express my opinion to you and my opinion is, you do not need to do this. Once you get wrapped up in a career, it’s only going to put a strain on our marriage and—”

“I’m not Desiree, Tyson,” Gabrielle blurted out. She’d been thinking it, but his rant pushed her to actually say it out loud.

“I didn’t say you were.”

“But that’s basically the reason you don’t like my idea...you think I’m going to do what she did to you, right?”





Tyson glared at her. He could admit to himself that he was afraid of what a career would do to his wife. If she was busy making her own money, she would begin to lose interest in their family life and be more concerned with making a name for herself instead of being a wife to him and mother to their future children. So trying to calm things down, he said, “You working is simply not my vision for us.”


“Then what is your vision for us. Can you share that with me?”

“I want us to raise our children.”





Brows furrowed, she said, “We don’t even have children yet.”


“Not yet, but it’s bound to happen sooner or later, right, unless you’re on some type of birth control and didn’t tell me about it. Are you?”

“No.”

“Then you could be pregnant right now, right?”





Gabrielle closed her eyes. Then inhaling a deep breath, she released it slowly like a smoker would who’d just taken a puff.


“All I want is what’s good for our family,” Tyson said, “And what’s good for the family is when the wife stays at home with the kids. Heck, I work from home, so we’ll both be here.”

“Yeah, okay,” Gabrielle said, realizing she was on the losing end of this battle. “Excuse me.” She got up from the table, and rushed off to the bathroom, pacing back and forth. She was too angry to cry and now, she had to tell Padma that she wasn’t going to Chicago.

Gosh, why does he have to be so cut and dry? Gabrielle loved her husband, but it seemed his plans for the family were just that – his plans. For a man so loving and caring, why hadn’t he taken her wants, goals and desires into consideration?





Chapter 4





~ * ~





Dilvan sat at a small café, waiting for his father to arrive. While he waited, he flagged a waitress to his table, watching her smile as she strutted his way in a black, knee-length skirt and white top.

“Good morning,” she said, all smiles.

“Good morning,” he replied.

“What can I get for ya?”

“Just a cup of decaf, please.”

“Not eating breakfast, or shall I say brunch today, Mr. Alexander?”





Dilvan frowned, looked at the woman trying to determine whether or not he knew her. He didn’t. “How do you know my name?”


“I follow you on Instagram and I just want to say that you look even better in person.”

“Well, thank you.” He checked the woman out a little closer. Before she complimented him, he hadn’t noticed how cute she was in a college girl type of way.

“Be right back with your coffee.”

“Decaf,” he reminded her.

“Yes,” she said, turning around, smiling. “Decaf.”

He sighed. Where are you, Dad? He took out his phone to see if he had any missed calls. There were none. Then he checked his email and saw that his manager had sent something. This was the first email he’d received from her in three weeks. He clicked on it:





TO: Dilvan Alexander <DilvanAlexander@gmail.com>

FROM: Len Phillips <LenPhillips@lpmodelsinc.com>

SUBJECT: New Gig in the Windy City!





Dilvan,





Hope all is well. I think I may have landed you the perfect gig. It’s going to be a one-day shoot in Chicago on Saturday. The client is Ross & Co. They want you to model some button-ups and jeans and that’s all, my friend. I need to confirm with them today, so I’ll appreciate it if you get back to me ASAP.





Thanks,





Len

- - -





Dilvan shook his head. He’d been phasing modeling out of his life. He was torn with it actually, no sure if he should continue with his modeling career or give it all up. He decided to reply to Len:





TO: Len Phillips <LenPhillips@lpmodelsinc.com>

FROM: Dilvan Alexander <DilvanAlexander@gmail.com>

SUBJECT: New Gig in the Windy City!





Len, appreciate the offer, but I’ll pass.





Thanks,





D.

- - -





“Dilvan,” Colin said, patting Dilvan on the shoulder before he sat.

“Hello, Father. How are you?”

“I’m okay,” he drawled out in a husky, exhausted grunt. “Glad to be off for a few days...that’s for sure.”

“Here you are,” the waitress said, carefully placing a cup of coffee in front of Dilvan.





Dilvan looked at her. “Thank you.”


“You’re welcome.” Looking at Colin now, she asked, “Would you like coffee as well, sir?”

“Yes, please. Decaf.”





The waitress looked at Dilvan.


“My Father and I like the same things,” Dilvan told her.

“Oh. Okay. I’ll get another cup coming right up.”





When she walked away, Colin said, “So how have you been, son?”


Dilvan sighed. He’d definitely been better. “Well, I single-handedly ruined my life and Mother hates me. There you have it in a nutshell.”


Colin grinned, then coughed a little afterwards. “Nobody hates you, Dilvan.”


“Don’t try to make me feel better, father. I already know what the family thinks of me. Mom doesn’t come over every Tuesday like she used to. I have to beg her to come by...and don’t get me started on Heshan and Prasad...especially Heshan.”

“Let me ask you something, D.”

“Okay.”





The waitress slid Colin’s coffee on the table and walked away quickly.


He continued, “Do you think your Mother is really upset about you being a model?”


“Yeah, she is.”





Colin grinned. “Then I got news for you...your Mother could care less that you’re a model. She’s more concerned with what being a model has done to you, son, and quite frankly, so am I.”


Dilvan glanced out the window and clenched his teeth. “And what has it done to me?”


Colin took a long sip of coffee. “You got big-headed...thought that somehow, the recognition and fame has elevated you above us like you made it, son, and I’m here to tell you...there’s nothing shameful about what I do...about what this family does. The tea business has been very profitable for this family.”


“I know that—”

“Wait...let me finish. Your mom feels like you’ve forgotten your roots, and I blame myself for that because I moved us here. However, you’re a grown man now, and I don’t expect you to walk in my footsteps, son. But whatever path you choose in life, just be a man, a gentleman. Treat people with respect and remember, the people you trample on the way up will be the same people you pass on the way down.”

“I get it.”

“You do?”





Dilvan sipped his coffee. “Yes. I do.”


“Okay, so what’s your plan?”

“My plan for what?” he asked, his fingers wrapped around the coffee mug.

“Your plan to mend your relationship with your mother and your brothers.”

“Well, I gotta think about it.”

“You do that, and don’t take too long thinking about it.”

“I won’t.”

“Hey, listen, I would love to stay and play catch up with you, but I have run. Take care and call me later, all right?”

“Okay, Dad.”





Once his father was out of sight, Dilvan checked his phone. He saw another email from his manager:





FROM: Len Phillips <LenPhillips@lpmodelsinc.com>

TO: Dilvan Alexander <DilvanAlexander@gmail.com>

SUBJECT: New Gig in the Windy City!





Come on, Dilvan. You’re killing me. You said you wanted small gigs...I deliver small gigs. Just think on it and call me tomorrow.





Len

- - -





“More decaf?” the waitress asked, standing with a fresh pot of coffee in her hand.

“Uh...no. I’m good.”

“Then I’ll be right back with the check.”





Dilvan smirked. “The check...”


“Excuse me?” she said, walking back towards the table.

“Why do you call it a check, instead of a bill?” he asked. “I’ve always been curious about that.”





She shrugged. “I’m not sure. It doesn’t make sense to me either. Either way it goes, you still gotta pay up.”


Dilvan chuckled. “What’s your name?”


She pointed to her name tag. “Bianca.”


He stood up and said, “Well, I have to run, Bianca.” He took out his wallet, pulled out a fifty dollar bill and handed it to her. “This should cover the check. No change needed.”


Her face lit up at the large tip he was leaving her. “Thank you.”


“You deserve it. See you around.”





She watched him walk away, feeling her heart thudding in her chest.





Chapter 5





~ * ~





“So I have some bad news,” Gabrielle said to Padma as they sat in the living room at Padma’s house.

“What’s wrong?”





She sighed heavily. “Tyson doesn’t want me to go.”


“Did he say why? I thought he’d be thrilled to know that you wanted to learn the inner workings of the restaurant business.”

“I thought so too, but he didn’t like it. I’m not going to go into detail about what he said...just wanted you to know that I’m not coming with you guys on Friday so I hope you and Lalita will have a blast.”





Padma sighed. “Maybe if I speak to him, he’ll be more open about it.”


“No, Padma. This is something I need to work out with Tyson, and frankly, if he doesn’t want me to go, I won’t go. I love and respect my husband and I have no issues being a submissive wife.”





Padma nodded. “I can understand that, dear.”


“At least I’ll be here to monitor the garden...meet the students there and all.”

“Prasad will be there too. I had already told him that you were coming with me to Chicago, so—”

“I’ll tell him not to bother.”

“No. Just let things stay like they are. Prasad will meet you there and that way, you’re not there alone.”

“Okay.” Gabrielle buried her face in her hands, exasperated, trying to think of a way to get through to Tyson. “Oh, wait a minute. Gosh, what am I thinking? I’m supposed to be going with Tyson to Atlanta this weekend, so I won’t be here to meet the students at the garden.” She shook her head. “I’m so out of it, Padma. Tyson and I had such a good morning and then when I mentioned something about Chicago, everything fell apart. But, anyway, I’m not going to dwell on it. What’s going on with you?”

“Besides getting ready for this trip? Nothing. Oh, I did want to ask you something, Gabrielle.”

“What’s that?”

“Beatrice told me that Dilvan told her he spoke with you the day of your wedding reception.”





Gabrielle rolled her eyes. “Yeah, he did, but I wasn’t trying to hear anything he had to say.”


“What did he have to say?”

“Something about Tyson, of course...sounded like he was making up stuff as he went along.”





Padma crossed her legs. “Like what?”


“Um...said Tyson was a sniper...tried to imply that Tyson killed some guy named Dennis who was supposedly his best friend.” Gabrielle giggled. “Then, as if this wasn’t strange enough, he tells me that Dennis stole his ex- fiancée, Desiree, from him so out of retaliation, Tyson killed the man.” Gabrielle laughed more but when she saw the stoic, serious look on Padma’s face, her smile gradually faded.

“Padma?” Gabrielle said. “That’s not true, right?”

“Well, I told you Tyson’s friend Dennis was sleeping with Desiree. You remember?”

“Yeah, but Tyson isn’t a murderer. He’s the sweetest man I know, well other than my dad, of course.”

“Listen, dear. I love Tyson like a son, but there were rumors about his involvement in Dennis’ death.”

“But—”

“And Tyson was a sniper...that part is true as well.”

Gabrielle’s eyes widened and brightened. With raised eyebrows, she said, “A sniper? My Tyson was a sniper?”

“Yes, dear.”





She thought for a moment and said, “Why would he not tell me that?”


Padma shrugged. “Maybe he didn’t want you to know. You’re his new start.”


Gabrielle felt a sour feeling in her stomach at the thought of Tyson hiding things from her. Who was he exactly? Was Dilvan right? Was Tyson a monster?





Chapter 6





~ * ~





Tyson jumped in is Range Rover and sped out of the driveway like a mad man. He was furious that he couldn’t get in touch with Gabrielle. This morning, after breakfast, she had left for Padma’s and it was clear to him that she was disappointed about the Chicago trip, but that was no excuse for not answering her phone.





She’d left seven hours ago, and he hadn’t heard from her since, even after calling her cell phone plenty of times. With every unanswered call, he grew more furious, yet worried at the same time. And it wasn’t helping matters that Padma wasn’t answering her phone either.


Lightning flashed across the night sky. Thunder crackled and roared immediately after. Rain poured, almost instantly reducing visibility as he drove down the highway, intent on finding his woman.


Tyson dialed the windshield wipers to their highest setting, the noise of it drowning out the low tunes from the local Hip Hop station.


He pulled up at Padma’s house, looking for Gabrielle’s car. He hadn’t seen it, but he still wanted to talk with Padma since he was there already...since Gabrielle told him this is where she would be.


Shutting off the engine, he jumped out of the car without a second thought and jogged to the front door.


Colin had been standing there, watching Tyson running towards the deck, in the rain without an umbrella and getting drenched.


“Hey, nephew,” Colin said. “What on earth are you doing out here in this storm?”

“I’m looking for Gabrielle,” Tyson said standing on the deck.

“Here,” Colin said, opening the door wider. “Come on in and get out of this rain.”





Once he stepped in, Padma said, “Hey, Tyson. Are you looking for Gabrielle?”


“Yeah. Where is she?”

“You just missed her. She left here ‘bout ten minutes ago. I’m surprised you didn’t pass her on the road.”





Tyson frowned. “She was here all day?”


“Yep. All day.”

“Where was her phone?”

“Don’t know. I didn’t see her with a phone so I guess it was either in her purse or maybe she’d left it in the car.”





Tyson sighed.


Boom!


Thunder roared so loud, it sounded like it struck the house. The lights flickered.


“I wouldn’t worry Tyson. Gabrielle’s fine. She’s probably already home by now,” Padma assured him.

“Padma, what did Gabrielle say to you?”

“She told me you didn’t want her to go to Chicago with Lalita and I. She was pretty upset about it.”

“Here you go,” Colin said, tossing a towel to Tyson so he could wipe his face.

“Thanks,” Tyson told him. “I’m going to head back home to see if she’s there.”

“Have you tried calling?” Colin inquired.

“Yes. She’s not answering...probably still angry with me.”

“Let me give it a shot,” Padma said. With her phone to her ear, she listened to the rings – one after another. No answer. “Nothing...just getting voicemail, but maybe her ringer’s off.”

“Maybe,” Tyson said. “I’m going to go.”

“Tyson, wait...I need to tell you something. Ah...Gabrielle told me some stuff that Dilvan told her about you.”

“You know I don’t care what Dilvan has to say about me.”

“Well, maybe you should care this time.”

“Why’s that?”

“He told her you were a sniper.”





Tyson blew a breath, sat down and rubbed his eyes. The rain tap danced on the roof, created a melody against the window pane while thunder continuously crackled, rumbled and echoed angrily in the dark sky.


Tyson sighed and said, “I didn’t want her to know that. Gosh, why can’t the past just be the past?” he asked, exasperated.


“That’s not all. She also knows about Dennis and the rumors...”

“Wow,” Tyson said. “I can’t believe this.”

“I’m sure if you sit down and talk to her about it—”

“No. I’m not bringing old garbage into my marriage.”

“But Tyson, it may be time to address the rumors,” Padma said like she wanted answers herself.

“What rumors?”

“About Dennis. People think you had something to do with it.”

“I’m glad I’ve never been a person to care what people think.”

“What about your wife? You care what she thinks?” Colin asked.

“Of course I do. I gotta go. I’ll see you guys later.”





Heading for the door, Tyson opened it, inviting the hissing noise and rusty smell of the rain inside. The downpour had only gotten worse with heavier and thicker raindrops. Still, he didn’t hesitate to run out into the elements, jump in his jeep and go back home, all the while hoping Gabrielle was there and was safe and sound.





Chapter 7





~ * ~





Gabrielle stood in the shower, just standing under the lukewarm water. It had been a long day, a day that started at 4:00 a.m. with running on the beach with Tyson, making passionate love afterwards. After breakfast, he’d been adamant about not wanting her to work. His ideology had upset her. What man didn’t want a woman who wanted to better herself? That’s all she wanted. She wasn’t asking for much.





She closed her eyes while the water ran down her face. She was new to this marriage thing, but was Tyson right? Should she be content just being his wife? That wasn’t a bad position to have, especially from a successful, attractive man who could hand pick any woman he wanted. And he wanted her.


She opened her eyes and the moment she did, she saw him standing there, behind the fogged glass, nearly scared the breath out of her petite body. His clothes were wet and so was his face.


Her heart thudding, she said, “Tyson, jeez, you scared me.”


Tyson hadn’t responded. Instead, he stepped in the shower with her and asked, “Why have you been avoiding me?” His first thought was that she was avoiding him because she was upset, but after talking to Padma, he surmised that she’d been ignoring him because of the things she’d learned about him. The things she’d found out from Dilvan.


“Tyson, why are you in the shower with you clothes on?”

“My clothes were already wet with me running around in the rain, trying to find you, so what does it matter, Gabrielle?”

Guess it doesn’t matter. She looked at him, giving his face a thorough once over. The dominant frowns in his forehead made her shiver.

“Why have you been avoiding me?” he asked again, in an eerie, monotone.

“I haven’t.”

“You have,” he said with flared nostrils. “I called you over a dozen times.”

“Well I left my phone in my purse. It must be on silent or something, okay?”





His penetrating gaze almost made her lose her footing. Made her not even want to look him in the eyes.


“Tyson, I’m sorry, okay, but it’s not like you didn’t know where I was. I told you I was going to Padma’s house.”





Tyson frowned. “You listen to me, and you listen well.” He placed his hands on her face, forcing eye contact, and said in a reprimanding tone, “Don’t ever do that to me again.”


“I didn’t do—”

“Don’t play games with me, Gabrielle. Don’t do that to me!”

“I’m not playi—”

“I have to ride around here in this storm, thinking something happened to you, feeling like my world is falling apart when all you had to do was pick up the phone and call me...don’t ever do that to me again! Do you understand me?”

“Tyson—”

“Do you understand me?” he asked in a raised tone.





Gabrielle stared at Tyson, deep into his eyes. He was hurt. She’d never seen this potent pain in his eyes before. Desperation in his actions. In his voice. Who gets in the shower with clothes on?


“I’m sorry, Tyson...didn’t mean to hurt you. I’m sorry,” she said watching water wet his worried face.





Tyson stared at her for a long moment, then he stepped out of the shower, leaving her there while he came out of his wet clothes, dried himself off with a towel and slid into a pair of shorts and got into bed.


Once Gabrielle had finished her shower, she took a towel, dried off, then slid into a gown, joining him in bed. He was upset. He never slept with his back to her, but tonight, he’d been furious.


Moments passed. The silence was killing her. She slid closer to him and left a kiss on his back. “Tyson, I’m sorry. Please forgive me.”


He turned around to look at her. “I forgive you, Gabrielle. Just don’t do that to me. Okay?”


“Okay.”





They lay quietly resting. Gabrielle snuggled against his chest.


“Gabrielle.”





She felt a tingle run down her spine at the sound of him saying her name. “Yes?”


“I know you heard some things about me. Why didn’t you tell me that Dilvan had approached you?”

“I didn’t want to bother you with it.”





With his hands threaded in her hair, he said, “I don’t want you to keep things like that from me.”


“Okay. I’m sorry.”

“And I don’t want to keep things from you so, listen. I was a sniper in the Marines.”

“Why didn’t you tell me?”

“Because I didn’t want you to be afraid of me. I mean, that was my job...a job I was very good at, but that’s not who I am anymore. And I will never hurt you, Gabrielle.”

“I know that.”





Tyson smiled. Then after a few beats, he said, “I’ve been thinking about it pretty much since you brought it up and I want you to go to Chicago with—”


“No. That’s okay. I don’t want to go.”

“Bri, I want you to go, okay.”

“Nope. I’m going to Atlanta with you.”

“You were all excited about going to Chicago and now you don’t want to go?”

“Nope.”

“Gabrielle, I know you want to go, so, sweetheart, I’m telling you to go. I want you to. Stop defying me.”





Gabrielle giggled. “Defying you?” she said through laughter.


Tyson laughed to. “Yeah. I want you to go.”





She sat up and looked at him. “You really don’t mind if I go?”


“Not at all. It’s only for Friday and Saturday. You’ll be back Sunday, and so will I. Then we’ll make love until we tear this bed all to pieces.”





Gabrielle grinned.


“So I want you to go...have a good time.”

“Thank you, Tyson,” she said excited. She took a kiss from his lips.

“Anything for my girl,” he replied. “Hey, guess who’s coming for a visit tomorrow.”

“Who?”

“My sister. She can’t wait to finally meet you.”

“Can’t wait to meet her...this is a nice surprise. Oh, and while we’re on the subject of surprises, you know Carmen is graduating in a month.”

“Yeah.”

“I’ve been thinking about what to get her.”

“What is she doing after high school?” Tyson inquired.

“Um...not sure, actually. She applied to some colleges only because the guidance counselor had asked her to, but—”

“She’s not going to college?”

“Are you kidding me? My dad can’t afford college for her.”

A smile touched his lips. “Do you want her to go to college?”

“I would like for her to, but—”

“Then it’s done.”

“Tyson...”

“Sweetheart, look at me.”





Gabrielle lifted her head from his chest and stared into his eyes.


“It’s done,” he said again.

“Just like that?”

“Yeah. Just like that. I told you...anything you want, all you have to do is ask and it’s yours.”





Gabrielle tried to hide a smile, but it came through anyway. “Thank you, Tyson.”


“You’re welcome, baby.”





Gabrielle strummed her fingertips up and down his back.


“We better get to sleep, baby, or when that alarm clock chimes, we’re not getting up.”

“Yeah, you’re right,” she said inhaling his scent. She kissed his chest and said, Goodnight, babe.”

“Goodnight, my love.”





Chapter 8





~ * ~





“She’s here, Bri. I’m going to go help her with her bags,” Tyson said. “Be right back.”





Gabrielle nervously stood at the door, waiting to meet her sister-in-law for the first time. She watched Tamera get out of a black Honda Accord, then wrap her arms around Tyson’s neck. Tamera was shorter than he was, about the same height as Gabrielle and she was thin and fit, looked to be a size ten or so with a medium brown complexion and cropped black hair.


Gabrielle watched as Tamera headed up the stairs. She wore a pair of white shorts, a sea-green tank top and white sandals. When she saw Gabrielle standing behind the screen door, she screamed with excitement, “Hey sis!”


She snatched the door open and squeezed Gabrielle into her grasp. “It’s so good to meet you.”


“You as well,” Gabrielle told her. “Come on in.”

“Wow. This is amazing. I finally have a sister,” Tamera said, excited. “Gosh, we have sooo much to talk about.”





Tyson came in with Tamera’s suitcase and said, “Tamera, I’m going to take this upstairs.”


“Okay. Thank you.”

“Gabrielle, have you had lunch?”

“No, and I’m starving.”

“Okay. Let’s see what Tyson has planned. Ty-son!” Tamera called out to him.

“Be right there,” he said, then came jogging downstairs. “So, you’ve met my lovely wife,” he said to his sister, throwing his arms around Gabrielle.

“Sure did. Now we want to know what your plans are today so we can have some girl time.”

“Already?” he said with a smirk on his face, looking at Gabrielle.

“Yep...you have her full time. I’m sure you don’t mind me stealing her for an hour or two. Or three.”

“Don’t mind at all,” Tyson said, “As long as my baby doesn’t mind.”





Gabrielle smiled. “I don’t.”


“Okay, sweetie. I have to go by the food house to get some desserts ready.”

“Right now?” Tamera asked.

“Yep.”

“Then Gabrielle and I are going to lunch. Come on, sis.” She took Gabrielle by the hand.

“Wait, wait, wait,” Tyson said. “You can’t just snatch her away from me without daddy gettin’ some love. Come here, Bri.”





Gabrielle smiled and walked over to Tyson. He took a long kiss from her lips and said, “I love you.”


“Love you, too.”

“Call me if you need anything, ‘kay.”

“Oh, leave her alone, Tyson,” Tamera said. “She’ll be fine with me.”





Gabrielle laughed. “I’ll talk to you later, Tyson.”


“Okay, sweetie.”





* * *





Tamera took Gabrielle to a restaurant right around the corner – a place she used to frequent when she lived with Tyson for a while. Sitting here now brought back memories of her past, of being an abused wife. This little place is where she came up with a strategy to start her life over – to get out of The Outer Banks and move miles away to Charlotte.


Sitting across from Gabrielle, she said, “So...you’re the famous Gabrielle.”


Gabrielle smiled. “Don’t know about famous, but yes, I’m Gabrielle.”

“Tyson talks about you a lot, you know,” she said. Her eyes had gotten bigger when she said, lot.

“He does?”

“Oh, yes, girl...never seen my brother so crazy in love. Wait...I take that back...he was feelin’ Desiree for a while. I’m sure you heard the story.”

“Yeah. He told me.”

“But now, he has his diamond, so the past no longer matters,” she said watching Gabrielle reciprocate her smile.





After they ordered their food and drinks, Tamera said, “So what do you do?”


“For work?”

“Yeah.”

“Nothing right now. Well, I help out Padma here and there.”

“How is Padma, anyway? I haven’t seen my auntie in a minute.”

“She’s doing well...stays busy all the time.”

“Yeah...that’s Padma. I have to get over there and see her before I leave.”

“Definitely. She would love that. When are you leaving anyway?”

“Tomorrow night.”

“Oh, just a short trip, huh?”

“Yeah. Just in and out...had to come see my new sister-in-law, and my big bro of course.”

“Well, if you want to see Padma, you’ll have to get over there sometime today because I’m going with her to Chicago tomorrow.”

“Really?”

“Yep...she invited me to a restaurant expo.”

“Cool...have to see if I can get over there today, then.” Tamera took a sip of water. “So you like being married?”

“Yes...to Tyson.”





Tamera chuckled.


“Why are you laughing at me?” Gabrielle questioned.





Tamera shook her head. “I was laughing at the way you said that.”


“Oh.”

“I heard about what my idiot cousin did to you.”

“You did?”

“Sure did...Tyson mentioned it to me right after it happened...around the time you moved in with him.”

“Oh.”

“He knew I could relate...something similar happened to me and I ended up staying with Tyson for a while.”

“What happened to you?”

“I was in an abusive relationship...marriage actually.”

“What kind of things did he do to you?”





Tamera shook her head. “He would slap me if I said something he didn’t like...would hit me so hard, he’d leave the print of his hand across my face.”


“Oh my gosh.”

“Not only that, but he punched me in the face several times...gave me black eyes. He would hit me in the stomach like he was hitting a punching bag. Now that I think about it, that’s exactly what I was...his punching bag. I just hung around and didn’t say anything.”

“What made you say something?”

“Probably the same thing that made you say something about Dilvan. I was tired of being abused. I knew there was a better life out there for me and I couldn’t tolerate living in fear of a man who’s supposed to love me. So I told Tyson what was going on and jeez...he almost lost it. I’ve never seen my brother so furious, Gabrielle. He and he beat the crap out of my ex. Now, he’s in jail. I have a restraining order already in place so when he gets out, he can’t bother me.”

“Wow. Sounds like you’ve been through a lot.”

“Girl, you don’t know the half...”





The waitress set their plates in front of them. Keeping it simple, they both ordered cheeseburgers and fries.


Once the waitress walked away, Tamera continued, “And on top of that, my ex-husband was Dilvan’s homeboy.”


“What?” Gabrielle asked with raised eyebrows.

“Yeah,” Tamera said after she’d taken a bite of her sandwich. “He was one of Dilvan’s friends...another reason why Dilvan can’t stand Tyson to this day.”

“Wait, let me get this straight. Your ex-husband and Dilvan were friends.”





Tamera nodded and wiped her mouth with a napkin. “Yeah. Good friends.”


“Hmm...that’s interesting. Since I’ve known them, there’s always been animosity between Tyson and Dilvan.”

“Yeah, because Mark, that was my ex-husband’s name, had been bragging to Dilvan about what he was doing to me. Dilvan hadn’t said a word about it to anyone. And he and Mark would go out all the time picking up women from clubs, sleeping around and doing all kinds of nonsense.” Tamera took a sip of water. “I had no idea Mark was like that when we met.”

“How was he then?”

“He was charming...nice...never hit me. Then one day, he flipped like it happened overnight, and he became this monster...guess he was tired of the nice guy front and started hitting me.”

“Jeez...that’s bad.”

“Yeah...I’m sure you know after putting up with Dilvan.”





Gabrielle nodded. “Yeah. It was bad. The things he did to me...” Gabrielle shook her head, then blinked quickly to stop her tears.


“What did he do to you?”

“Anything he wanted. But unlike Mark, Dilvan never punched me...his abuse was more mental than anything else, and he seemed to enjoy every minute of it.” Gabrielle took a sip of water and got her thoughts together. “But nothing hurt more than the miscarriages.”

“Miscarriages?”

“Yeah. I had one early on in the relationship and the second one the weekend Tyson rescued me.”

“I’m so sorry that happened to you.”





After a moment of silence, Gabrielle said, “It’s been torture to deal with because I feel like I’m responsible for not saving my babies.”


“No, Gabrielle. You can’t blame yourself. It’s not your fault.”

“I know. I just feel bad about it.”

“I get it...I used to feel bad too, ‘til I realized that I have no control over another person’s feelings. Mark did what he did to me because he wanted to. I can’t be the blame for that.”

“Yeah. You’re right.”

“But enough about all this depressing stuff. We’ve endured it so there’s no use in dwelling on it, right?”

“Yep...got that right.”

“So how’s my brother treating you?”





A large, bright smile came to Gabrielle’s face.


“Look at you glowing,” Tamera commented. “Just the mention of Tyson has your face lit up.”





Gabrielle blushed. “Tyson is truly the best thing that has ever happened to me and...” She shook her head. “Words can’t describe how much I love your brother.”


“I’m glad. He’s so happy, Gabrielle. Mom told me he was beaming at the reception.”

“Yeah...so was I.”

“I wish I could’ve been there, but my work schedule is so messed up right now.”

“What do you do?”

“Well, I have two jobs actually. During the day, I’m a health inspector. At night, I’m a food blogger for Charlotte Magazine.”

“So you go around to restaurants, have a meal, then review them?”

“Yep, after I take a picture of the meal. I rate the presentation, flavor, ambience of the place, friendliness of the staff...it’s fun, but it can be challenging at the same time because I have to meet a monthly quota.”

“I bet.” Gabrielle thought it was interesting how Tamera and Tyson seemed to enjoy working in the food and beverage industry.

“So tell me about the proposal, the wedding and how everything went down.”

“Um...well, Tyson proposed in a rather short time frame. I mean, we started off as friends and then we were really into each other and everything, but we’d gotten into a small disagreement. Well, small for me but big for him.”

“What happened?”

“While I was living with Tyson, I went to see Dilvan and didn’t tell Tyson I was going. Tyson was pretty upset about it...didn’t understand why I would go to see the man who abused me. But in my defense, I only went so Dilvan could offer up his apology and so that I could make it clear to him that I had no intentions on getting back with him. That was all, but Tyson wasn’t trying to hear it. So we went out separate ways. I moved back home to Greenville, to my father’s home, and guess who showed up?”

“Aww...” Tamera said, covering her mouth with her hand. “So what did he do when he came there?”

“Well, he sure did a good job of sweeping my father off of his feet.”





Tamera laughed.


“He cooked a fancy dinner for us.”

“Of course.”

“Then he declared his love for me...said he wasn’t going to leave Greenville without me. A couple days later, we’re on a private beach in Rodanthe exchanging vows. Have you seen the pictures?”

“Not yet.”

“Then I’ll show you tonight.”

“Cool. I know my brother is making something good for dinner. He loves to cook.”

“He’s so good at it.”

“He is. When he first told me he wanted to be a pastry chef, I was like, really, Tyson? A pastry chef...”





Gabrielle giggled.


“But he stuck with it. After the Marines, he wanted to do something on the opposite end of the spectrum and culinary arts is on the opposite end of the spectrum. He studied in Paris, too.”

“Yeah, he told me.”

“And I’ll be doggone if the man can’t cook his behind off.”





Gabrielle nodded. “He’s very talented.”


“Does he still get up every morning to go jogging?”

“Yep.”

“He got you going with him, huh?”

“Every morning. I enjoy it though...gives us more time together.”

“Yeah. That’s true.”





Gabrielle took a sip of water. She wanted to ask Tamera so badly about Desiree again, but didn’t want Tamera to read too much into it.


“What’s on your mind, sis?” Tamera asked.

“Nothing.”

“Oh, spit it out already. I’m not going to tell Tyson anything we talked about.”

“Well, you had mentioned something about Desiree earlier and I know Tyson loved her—”

“Oh, let me tell you about that heffa.”





The women laughed together.


“Girl, she called herself trying to be a player...telling Tyson that she loved him and was creeping behind his back with his best friend. So trifling...”

“So if I understand correctly, Desiree and Dennis were married?”

“Yeah, but that was short-lived. Dennis got killed in a robbery. Desiree tried to convince the police that Tyson had something to do with it and, don’t get me wrong, Tyson was one of the best sharp shooters the U.S. government has ever seen, but you can’t be in two places at one time. He was in Atlanta the weekend Dennis died.”

“Why would Desiree say those things about Tyson?”

“Because she was mad...thought her life with Dennis was going to be picture perfect, but what people sometimes fail to realize is, you really do reap what you sow.”





Gabrielle scratched her head. “It all just seems so strange.”


“Yeah, I know. I’m just glad Tyson ended up with you instead of her. I’m sooo glad!”

“Well I am too.” Gabrielle laughed.

“Listen...I’m going to give you some advice about my brother.”

“Uh oh.”

“No, no, no...nothing bad. Tyson is a very responsible, stand-up guy. He just likes a lot of order. And he’ll go to the ends of the earth for you. He will. I know you look at him and see this big, buff, tough guy, but he’s so sweet. When we were teenagers, he was extremely protective of me...still is in a way. He told me the next man I dated had to pass his approval.”





Gabrielle smiled. “I can see him saying something like that.”


“Yep. He sends mom flowers every month. I told him to stop making me look bad.” Tamera giggled. “I’m sure you get flowers too.”

“Yes, very frequently. I use them as centerpieces for the dining room table and pretty much all throughout the house.”

“Yeah. Tyson’s an honest soul. All he asks for is loyalty, honesty and trust. Once he sees those in a person, he’s down for life. If one of those are broken, he’ll walk away from you in a heartbeat.”

“Well, I love him too much to ever hurt him so I’m good.”

“Perfect. Now let’s get out of here, girl,” Tamera said looking at her watch. “I can’t believe we’ve been here for almost three hours.”

“Wow...doesn’t seem like we’ve been here that long.”

“That’s how you know you’re in good company,” Tamera said standing.

“Yes,” Gabrielle said. “Good company.”





Chapter 9





~ * ~





“Hello, Mother,” Dilvan said when Padma opened the door.





Padma frowned and checked her watch. The time was 2:23 p.m., and she had not been expecting Dilvan today. “Dilvan, what are you doing here?”


“Just figured I’d pay my mother a visit, especially since you don’t visit me any longer.”

“Come on in, son.”





He obliged, and with his hands in the front pockets of his slacks he asked, “Is dad here?”


“No. He had to meet a client.”

“On his day off?”

“You know your father...always working, as am I.”

“Yeah...always working.”





Padma walked to her office.


Dilvan followed. “So you’ve been busy, I see.”


“Yes, trying to wrap up a few things before I head out of town.”

“Where are you going?”

“To an expo in Chicago.”

“Chicago,” Dilvan said. “I was supposed to have a shoot there this weekend, but I turned it down.” Dilvan paced back and forth in front of her desk, glancing at a desktop full of papers.

“Why’d you turn it down?” she asked him.

“Well, I didn’t think it is what you guys wanted.”

“Dilvan, Dilvan, Dilvan...your father and I only want you to be happy. You know that, don’t you?”





Dilvan hadn’t responded. He was too busy staring at the papers on her desktop where he saw Gabrielle’s name marked as an attendee on the restaurant expo along with Lalita’s.”


Gabrielle is going to be in Chicago, he thought quietly to himself.

“Dilvan?” Padma said to get his attention.

“Yes?”

“Boy, have you heard a word I said?”

“Yeah...just thinking about it. So you said you want me to be happy.”

“Of course. You’re my son and I love you. I just don’t want you to get mixed up with the wrong crowd, and you need to watch the way you treat people, especially your family. And you know what else, Dilvan?”

“What’s that?”

“I need you to improve your relationship with your brothers. You know there’s tension between you guys and that needs to be remedied right away.”

“Well, it takes more than one party to agree to sit down and make things work.”

“Of course.”

“Then why are you talking only to me? What about Heshan and Prasad?”

“I’ve already spoken to them.”





Dilvan sighed and fiddled with his keys in his right front pocket.


“Well, that must mean that I have to reach out to them because they certainly haven’t contacted me.”





Padma shook her head, frustrated. When was Dilvan ever going to grow up, become a man and quit acting like a boy? “Tell me this, Dilvan. When was the last time you asked your brothers to do something with you...go to a game or go fishing? Something. Anything. Do you even know your niece and nephew?”


Dilvan ran his hands across the soft, black curls of his hair. He hadn’t taken the time to get to know his brother’s children. At some point, he had to mend his relationship with his brothers and that time was now.


A tea kettle whistled from the kitchen, interrupting his thoughts.


“Want some tea?”





Dilvan grinned. “You still make tea the old-fashioned way.”


“Yes. I like old-fashioned. What’s wrong with the way I make tea?”





He smiled. “Nothing, Mother, and yes, I’ll take a cup.”


Following Padma to the kitchen, Dilvan took out his phone, pulled up the email from his manager about the Chicago shoot and responded:





TO: Len Phillips <LenPhillips@lpmodelsinc.com>

FROM: Dilvan Alexander <DilvanAlexander@gmail.com>

SUBJECT: New Gig in the Windy City!





Len, changed my mind about the shoot. Send me the details right away. Oh, and I’ll make my own hotel arrangements.





Thanks,





D.


- - -





Dilvan slid his phone back into his pocket. Over tea, he planned on casually finding out which hotel his mother would be staying at for the weekend. Most likely, Gabrielle would be staying there too, and he couldn’t wait to see her again. To talk to her again. There was something about their situation that didn’t seem final, no matter how much Gabrielle said it was over. And if he could keep a level head, he could find out if she really meant what she said on the beach that day when she told him he wasn’t the man who could make her happy.





Chapter 10





~ * ~





Tyson carefully kneaded the dough in preparation for the blueberry croissant puffs he was in the process of making. He’d gone by the farmer’s market and purchased a fresh batch of blueberries because only fresh ingredients would do for his pastry creations. He wouldn’t settle for frozen, bagged fruit. The rest of the ingredients – cream cheese, sugar, eggs, vanilla flavoring and milk – were in ample supply at the restaurant.





As he worked, he hummed a tune. He was in an especially good mood today. Nothing could destroy his happiness. His marriage was excellent. Gabrielle had given him inspiration that he didn’t realize he had, and this good feeling of having everything fall into place had him joyous that his life was full and finally the way he wanted it.


“Tyson, what’s up man?”





Heshan set two paper bags on the counter.


“Hey. What’s up with you?”

“Just running some errands...heard Tamera was in town.”

“Yeah. She said she wanted to do some bonding with Gabrielle so they’ve been hanging out most of the day.”

“How’s she doing?”

“She’s good. Looks happy.”

“That’s good. I know it was rough there for her for a while.”

“Yeah, but she’s made the best out of a new start and she’s doing well. I’m proud of her.”





Heshan nodded. “So what are you doing tonight? Thought we could get together and shoot some hoops or play cards or something.”


“No can do, my brother...Gabrielle is going to Chicago this weekend with your mom...leaving tomorrow so I’m going to spend some quality time with my lady before she heads out.”

“What about Saturday?”

“I’ll be in Atlanta on Saturday...be back Sunday night.”

“Okay, so let’s get together Sunday.”

Tyson shook his head. “Nope...Gabrielle is back Sunday night and we’re gonna spend even more quality time together.” He slid a pan in the oven. “Maybe one day next week. “I’ll keep you posted.”

“Okay, man,” Heshan said. “How’s everything else going?”

“Good.” Tyson walked over to the sink. “I’m the happiest I’ve ever been.”

“That’s great. I’m happy for you...got me thinking about settling down.”

“Oh yeah?”

“Yeah, man...been on my mind and I got just the woman.”

“Who’s that?”

“Charity Eason.”





Tyson’s eyebrows rose. “The volunteer waitress that works here?”


“Yep,” Heshan said affirmatively, thinking of the way he felt when he first saw Charity. Her long, bra-strap length cinnamon hair caught his eyes before her tanned, caramel skin wreaked havoc on his senses – that and the fact that her body was in good, athletic shape. The woman could teach a Zumba class if she wanted to.

“I think she told me she worked odd jobs, one being a lifeguard during the summer,” Tyson said.

“That would explain that sexy tan she has.”





Tyson smirked. “You try to holla at her?”


“Yeah...asked her out a few times...guess she’s not into half-Indian guys.”

“Nah, man. You can’t give up that easily. You have to hit her with your charm.”

“Like you did Gabrielle?”

“Yeah, exactly like I did Gabrielle.”

“Yeah...we’ll see. I don’t chase women. It’s usually the opposite.”

“Maybe you need to make an exception. Let me tell you what I’ve learned...love and being in love is a beautiful thing. You just need to make sure you find the right one.”

“Yeah...the ever illusive right one.”





Tyson made sure the oven was set then said, “It can be tricky, but once you got it, you got it. Then the real work begins.”


Heshan nodded. “It’s funny how things happen. First Prasad gets hitched, now you. I’m next in line, well it’s either me or Dilvan.”


“Most likely you. Dilvan doesn’t know how to treat a woman.”

“Yeah, well Mother has been on a crusade, trying to get her sons back on track...said family should stick together and that Prasad and I were partially to blame for the state of our family. So I’m supposed to reach out to Dilvan and arrange a sit-down.”

“Good for you,” Tyson said.

“What you mean, good for me. You don’t even like Dilvan.”

“Yeah, but he’s not my brother. He’s yours.”





Heshan crossed his arms. “So you think it’s a good idea? You know, for me to meet with him?”


“Like I said...he’s your brother.”

“Guess it’s ‘bout time we sat down as brothers and discussed things. As a matter of fact, I’m going to send him a text right now before I change my mind.” Heshan took his phone from his pocket and typed a message:





Heshan: Dilvan, let me know when u r available next week...trying 2 get together with u and Prasad.





“There...it’s done. Can’t say I didn’t try. Now watch him not even bother to respond.”





Just then, his Heshan’s phone beeped.


“Speak of the devil,” Tyson said. “Is that him?”





Heshan looked at his phone and saw the text from his brother:





Dilvan: free Tuesday...will that work?





“Well what do you know...he actually responded. Said he’s free on Tuesday.”

“That’s good, right? Or were you hoping he didn’t respond?” Tyson chuckled.

“Nah, it’s cool. You know what would be awesome, though?”

“What’s that?”

“If you came along with us.”

“No way.”

“Why not?”

“Because every time I see Dilvan, I want to put a dent in his face. That’s why.”

“Maybe it’s time you called a truce.”

“Nope...not after what he did to Gabrielle.”

“Okay...just thought I’d ask. Anyway, let me get to work so I can get out of here a lil’ early today.”

“Yeah. I need to get back to work, too. I’ll talk to you later.” Tyson walked outside taking a small break before he began on the last batch of pastries. Curious to know what Gabrielle and Tamera were up to, he dialed Gabrielle’s number, then smiled at the thought of her.

“Hey, Tyson,” she answered.

“Hey, you. How are you, baby?”

“I’m good. Tamera and I are out shopping.”

“Nice. She’s treating you well I take it?”

“Yes. She’s been wonderful...glad she’s my sister-in-law.”

“Nice...happy you’re getting along. I’ll be home around four to get started on dinner.”

“Ooh...what are we having?”

Tyson smiled. “I’m not sure yet, but I know what I want for dessert.”





Gabrielle blushed. She knew what he wanted for dessert as well.


“What time are y’all gettin’ back to the house?” he inquired.

“We’re heading back in a few minutes. I’m sure we’ll be home before you.”

“Okay, sweetie. Have fun. See you in a lil’ while.”

“Okay, Tyson. Love you.”

“Love you too, angel.”





Chapter 11





~ * ~





While the women were busy looking through the photo album, Tyson was in the kitchen preparing fried pork chops, buttered brussel sprouts and homemade macaroni and cheese.





For dessert he made mille-feuille, a flaky pastry filled with butter cream and drizzled with chocolate.


When dinner was ready, he said, “Will the Alexander women report to the dining room, please?”


Tamera looked at Gabrielle and said, “You know my brother is silly, right?”


Gabrielle smiled, then stood up from the couch.


Tamera set the photo album on the coffee table, then followed Gabrielle to the dining room.


“Goodness, Tyson,” Tamera said. “What you done whipped up this time?”

“Just some pork chops, brussel sprouts and mac and cheese.”

“It looks good,” Gabrielle said, pulling out a chair.





Tyson went back to the kitchen to get his plate, then he joined them at the table.


They ate quietly for a few minutes before Tyson asked, “So my sister hasn’t been telling you my childhood secrets, has she?”


Before Gabrielle could respond, Tamera said, “No, but now that you mention it—”


“Oh, here we go,” Tyson said, then laughed.

“Here’s a good one,” she began. “Gabrielle...Tyson had this chick he was sweatin’...if I recall correctly, he was a senior in high school and I was a junior. Anyway, he liked the girl but she wouldn’t give him the time of day, so he wrote her the cutest little poem.”

“Yeah, one that I told you not to read,” Tyson chimed in.

“Tyson, you handed me the note and told me to give it to her. You knew I was going to read it.”

“Yeah, I should’ve known.”

“Anyway, Gabrielle, I gave the girl the note and guess what? She ends up being Tyson’s prom date.”

“Okay...no more stories,” Tyson said, wiping his mouth. “One is more than enough.”





The three quietly indulged into their meal, then Tamera said, “The wedding pictures are phenomenal, Tyson.”


“Thanks, sis.”

“You were a handsome groom,” she added.

“He’s a handsome everything,” Gabrielle said, locking eyes with Tyson and holding his gaze. She’d never seen him blush before but she was sure he came pretty close to it. Had she rendered him speechless? All he did was look at her, stare at her, then took a sip of wine, their gazes still connected.

“Okay, um...y’all need to get a room,” Tamera said. “I feel like I’m interrupting something.”





Tyson smirked. “You’re not interrupting anything, Tamera. You’re an eye witness to what true love looks and feels like.”


“Aw...” she crooned.





Gabrielle smiled.





After dessert, Tamera headed upstairs.


Gabrielle retreated to the bedroom to pack her suitcase for her trip and while she was busy rearranging items so that they fit perfectly in the small bag, Tyson walked up behind her, folding his arms around her while kissing her neck.


“Remind me why I changed my mind about you going on the trip again.”

“Because you love me.”

“Yes. I do love you. What else?”

“And you want me to be happy.”





Tyson drew in a deep inhale of her scent. “Is it too late for me to change my mind? I’m starting to have second thoughts about you being away from me.”


“Tyson,” Gabrielle sung. “Don’t do this to me, baby.”

“I won’t,” he said, then kissed her.





Moments later, they lie in bed making love and afterwards, they rested together, her opened suitcase next to the bed, the covers tussled about with a white sheet covering their bodies.


“You okay?” he whispered to her.





Gabrielle fought to catch enough air to answer him. “Um hmm. Are you okay, Tyson?”


“Yes. Just wondering how I can miss you so much and you aren’t even gone yet.”

“Tyson it’ll go by so fast, we’ll be right here on Sunday night lying in the center of the bed together.”

“Yeah, I know. I’m just being an over-protective husband.”





Gabrielle smiled.


“So do I need to drop you off at the airport?”

“No,” she responded, finding his hand. “Padma is coming by to pick me up around five-thirty. Our flight leaves at seven.”

“Have you flown before?”

“No.”

“Are you nervous?”

“Yeah, a little, but I’ll be with Padma and Lalita. I’m sure I’ll be fine.”





Tyson sighed heavily.


“Tyson, I’ll be okay, baby. I don’t want you worrying about me.”

“It’s my job to worry about you.”

“Don’t...I’ll be fine, okay?”

“Okay, sweetie. Just make sure you call me before you take off, when you land and when you check in the hotel...oh, speaking of hotel, what hotel are you staying at?”

“The Regal Midwest...I’m sharing a room with Lalita.”

“All right,” he said, then took a kiss from her temple. Her sharing a room with Lalita settled him a bit. At least she wouldn’t be alone. “I’ll let you get some sleep so you’ll be ready in the morning.”

“Okay, babe. Goodnight.”

“Goodnight.”





Chapter 12





~ * ~





“So, we’re here ladies,” Padma said enthusiastically. She traveled a lot, but this is the first time she’d had the privilege of having two younger women to come with her – relatives that she wanted to mold into business women like herself. The idea of it excited her so much so that she was developing a new idea for a charity – about women helping women and empowering each other instead of dragging each other down – a place where business women who were at the top of their fields could choose a woman to mold, teach the business and help them to become successful.

“This is so exciting,” Lalita said, fixing her hair, gathering the loose strands and using her fingers to rake them back behind a silver headband.

“I didn’t think Tyson was going to let go of your hand this morning, Gabrielle. He was holding you so tight, it’s a wonder you had blood circulation in your fingers.” Padma chuckled.

“Yeah, it was hard for him, even though he tried to pretend to be okay. Shoot, it was hard for me too. I haven’t been away from my hubby for an extended period of time.”

“Oh, stop it,” Lalita said in her thick, Indian accent. “You newlyweds make me sick. Just wait until you’re years into it...you’ll be glad to push him out the door. I’m happy just to get out of the house alone to check the mailbox.”





The women laughed together.


“Tyson will be fine anyway,” Padma said. “He stays just as busy as I do.”

“That’s true,” Gabrielle said.





Padma headed to the front desk of the ritzy place with Gabrielle and Lalita in tow. She checked in, handed them their keycards and waved the bellhop to the elevator, as if they couldn’t carry their own overnight bags to their rooms. They took the elevator up to the eleventh floor. When they arrived, Padma said, “Okay, I’m in 1151 and you ladies are in 1172.”


“Okay, 1151 is right down here,” the bellhop said.





Once at the room, Padma showed him which bag was hers. After giving the gentleman a tip, he headed to the room where Gabrielle and Lalita would temporarily call home.


“I’ll come get you ladies for dinner,” Padma shouted at the women as they walked down a long hallway. “We’re going to go to The Blue Room downstairs.”

“Okay,” Gabrielle said.





Turning the corner, they found their room. Lalita smiled when she opened the door to reveal their double-queen beds. Her face lit up like she was on a Booking.com commercial.


Gabrielle gave the bellhop a tip and looked around. The hotel room had a living room complete with a couch, loveseat and coffee table. Off the living room was a balcony big enough to comfortably seat ten people. There was a refrigerator, microwave, a flat screen TV mounted on the wall and cool room décor that made the place a comfortable retreat.


Lalita came out of the bathroom and said, “OMG, Gabrielle. There’s a Jacuzzi in there.”


Gabrielle smiled. She wondered why Lalita was so excited to see the elegance of this place when she lived in a four bedroom home furnished by designers. Her ensuite bathroom was as big as the master bedroom. She had a walk-in closet that could be an extra bedroom if that’s what they wanted.


Gabrielle walked to the bathroom, quickly looked around and said, “Padma certainly knows how to travel in style.” She rolled her bag to the bed closest to the windows. Then she sat on the bed, took out her phone and called Tyson.


“You there?” he answered.

“Yes, I’m here.”





Tyson blew a sigh of relief. “Good. Are you all checked-in at the hotel?”


“Yep...in the room now, sitting on the bed.”

“Wish I was there. We’d have to boot Lalita.”

“Tyson...” Gabrielle blushed as if Lalita could hear what Tyson was saying. There’s no way she could since he wasn’t on speakerphone. Still, she felt her cheeks become red as they always did when Tyson talked to her that way. She would never get used to it.

“What? You know I love me some Gabrielle Alexander.”





She smiled. “I love me some Tyson Alexander.”


“You better stop that, girl. I’ll fly out there tonight.”

“You wouldn’t.”

“Don’t test me.”

“Tyson, stop it. I’ll be back Sunday. You have to pack for Atlanta anyway.”

“Looks like I’m going to be packing for Chicago. We can get a room with a Jacuzzi and...mmm...”

“Tyson...”

“That’s one thing I miss about our home...we don’t have a Jacuzzi, but looks like I’m going to have to get one very soon.”

“Tyson...”

“Like yesterday soon.”





Gabrielle laughed.


“Anyway, listen baby, call me before you go to bed, okay?”

“I will.”

“Have you eaten?” he asked.

“Not yet...Padma should be here any sec now to get us.”

“Is she taking y’all to The Blue Room?”

“Yes. Have you eaten there?”

“A few times when I stayed there a few years ago. The food is phenomenal.”

“Nothing is more phenomenal than your cooking, my love.”

“Okay, you’re really making me want to come up there right this instant.”

“Oh, Tyson.” Just then, Gabrielle heard a knock at the door. “Tyson, I think Padma’s here.”

“Okay, baby. Love you. Have fun.”

“Love you too. Bye.”

“Bye, sweetheart.”





* * *





The women stepped in The Blue Room, a snazzy, five-star restaurant on the first floor of the hotel there. Blue, fiber-optic lights hung from the ceiling over every table and floor standing water fountains, with steady flows of trickling water, divided the restaurant from one side to another. It was an elegant restaurant for sure with candles on every table.


After the hostess showed them to their table, one right beside the water fountain, the women took a seat and were each studying a menu.


“Everything looks delicious,” Padma said. “Think I’ll stick to something light, though. Eating a big meal this late will have me up all night.”

“I’m with you, Padma,” Gabrielle said. “I’ll give the zucchini spaghetti a try.”

“Ummm...” Lalita said, her eyes still rolling over the menu, trying to make a quick decision. “I’m going to order the black bean garden salad.”





Once they ordered their food, Padma gave them a brief rundown of what the expo would entail – that they would discuss food protection, marketing, getting started with a restaurant business and a website overview of everything a restaurant’s website should contain.


When the food arrived, they were busy discussing their meals. Lalita talked about her kids and Padma went on and on about work, but out of the blue, she stopped mid-sentence with an opened mouth and big, wide eyes.


“Padma, are you okay?” Gabrielle asked.





Before she could speak, a male voice from behind Gabrielle and Lalita said, “Good evening, ladies.”


Gabrielle frowned. She knew the owner of that voice – Dilvan Alexander. She watched him walk around the table and sit directly in front of her. He was dressed impeccably, as always and his presence owned the room. He was sure to cause women to rubberneck wherever he went.


“Dilvan, what are you doing here?” Padma asked.

“I told you I had a shoot here this weekend.”

“Correct me if I’m wrong, but I thought you turned it down.”

“Changed my mind,” he said, looking at Gabrielle.





Gabrielle held his gaze, trying to understand him. Was he a mental case? He couldn’t have come here solely for the purpose of seeing her, could he? Would he go that far? Accept a photo shoot that he hadn’t wanted to do, only so he would have an excuse to come to Chicago?


While she gazed upon him, she noticed his enchanting gray eyes, and thick, black eyebrows. His face was freshly shaven. His silky hair was longer than she remembered and he rocked a thin mustache.


Gabrielle could admit that Dilvan was a handsome man, but appearance really didn’t mean much when you had an attitude that sucked.


“Hey, Gabrielle. Lalita,” he said cordially.

“Hi, Dilvan,” Lalita responded.





Gabrielle didn’t say a word. She glanced at Padma, then wiped her mouth with a napkin. Her appetite had vanished, and though she wasn’t looking at Dilvan, she could feel his intense stares beaming against her face from across the table.


“So what shoot are you doing tomorrow?” Padma asked solely with the purpose of taking his attention away from Gabrielle.

“Casual attire for Ross & Company.”

“Where are you staying, son?”

“Here. Eleventh floor.”

“Oh.”

“The shoot is only three blocks away so I figured this would be the best hotel to lay my head.”





Gabrielle frowned. This was no coincidence. Dilvan was slick, coming here without telling anyone, finding out what hotel they were staying at and that their rooms were on the eleventh floor. Then he booked the same hotel, made sure his room was also on the eleventh floor and invited himself to dinner.


“And, Mother, I’ll have you know that Heshan reached out to me...said we should meet to discuss things, so I’m looking forward to repairing my relationship with my brothers. You were right. It’s long overdue.”

“That’s excellent news, Dilvan. Hey, are you eating, or—”

“No. I already ate...had some edamame. I was actually sitting over there in the corner, on the phone with my manager when I saw three beautiful ladies walk in.”





Padma smiled.


Lalita smirked.


Gabrielle rolled her eyes.


“We didn’t see you at all,” Lalita said.

“Yeah, it’s a big place,” Dilvan said. He looked at Gabrielle with more intense stares. If his goal was to make her uncomfortable, he’d accomplished that and then some.





No matter how tough Gabrielle tried to be around him, there was always that feeling of power and control he once had over her coming to the surface yet again. And then she could no longer handle the negative energy that came with his presence.


Gabrielle stood up and said, “Padma I’m going to go up to the room.” She stuck her hand in the front pocket of her pants and pulled out a twenty dollar bill.


“Oh, no, honey,” Padma said. “I got the food.”

“No,” Dilvan spoke up. “I got the food.”

“Okay, well, I’m heading up. Thanks for dinner, Dilvan.”





He smiled. Just the sound of her saying his name made him want her. “My pleasure,” he responded then watched her walk away until she was no longer in sight.


Lalita left a few minutes after Gabrielle did.


Now that they were at the table alone, Padma turned to Dilvan and asked, “Why are you bothering her?”


“Bothering who?”

“Oh, come on, Dilvan. Don’t play dumb. Now why are you bothering her?”

“I’m not...I—”

“You are. Are you trying to insult my intelligence, son?”

“Mother, I—”

“First, you tell me you weren’t going to do the shoot, then you suddenly change your mind, end up at this hotel and on the eleventh floor...is that why you came here? You found out she was coming?”

“Mother, I’m not here to stalk Gabrielle if that’s what you’re implying.”

“Then leave her alone. You put her through enough, don’t you think?”





Dilvan sighed. “I’ve apologized to her, to you and to the family for that, but somehow, you can’t seem to forget it.”


“I can’t seem to forget it? I’m more worried about Gabrielle than I am about myself. Do you think she’s over what you did to her?”





Dilvan shrugged. “Don’t know. I haven’t had a chance to have a real sit-down with her.”


“You haven’t, because if I recall correctly, she went to Hatteras Island with you before she and Tyson were married. You mean to tell me you didn’t have a chance to talk to her then?”





Dilvan sighed, wondering how his family knew all of his business. He couldn’t recall telling his mother about taking Gabrielle to Hatteras Island. That was back before she married Tyson. He thought the time alone might win her back. But Gabrielle had already fallen in love with Tyson, and nothing Dilvan said would change her mind.


“Actually, no, I didn’t have a chance to talk to her like I wanted to because she left early.”

“So what’s your plan? To get her alone again?”

“I don’t have a plan. I’m here on business.”





Padma grumbled.


“I’m here for a shoot,” Dilvan repeated.

“I hope you are, because if you bother her, you know Tyson will be at your throat. This time, it’s going to be more than a bloody nose.”





Dilvan looked confused. How had she known about the fight between himself and Tyson? Then it dawned on him – his big mouth brothers.


“Don’t look surprised, Dilvan. I know everything, and I’m telling you for your own good...leave Gabrielle alone.”





Dilvan stood up and kissed his mother on the cheek. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”





Chapter 13





~ * ~





Around 9:00 p.m., Gabrielle changed into a T-shirt and a pair of shorts, then headed to the pool. Had she thought about it, she would’ve packed a swimsuit, but her current getup would have to suffice.





With her hair up in a high ponytail, she entered the shallow end of the pool. The lukewarm water felt good to her legs as she descended to deeper depths, towards the six feet end of the pool. She stopped when the water came up to her neck, not wanting to get her hair wet.


Besides the trickles of water from her own movement, she didn’t hear much else because no one was in the pool this time of night. Only her. And the water felt therapeutic to her body. The sound of it relaxed her. She closed her eyes, inhaled a deep breath and released it slowly.


When she opened her eyes, she saw him, Dilvan, standing at the door. He swiped his key card to get in the pool room and Gabrielle sighed. Her tranquil evening alone in the pool was short lived.


Gosh, not this again...


She watched him walk in. He only had on a pair of swim shorts – shorts that looked good enough to rock at a Nautica photo shoot somewhere on a beach in Miami. With a smooth-shaven chest, he showed off his cast iron pecks and rippled abs. As he walked towards the pool, Gabrielle also noticed his sculpted thighs. He’d apparently stepped up his workouts.


He dived into the deeper end of the pool, went under and swam near her. He emerged from underneath the water, shook excess water from his hair and smiled at her.


Gabrielle sighed again. She didn’t want a run-in with Dilvan. Not tonight. Not any night, but here he was, all up in her face like they were ex-lovers who remained close friends after a relationship hadn’t worked out. They weren’t anything of the sort. “Dilvan, what are you doing here?”


“Swimming,” he responded, right before taking another plunge, swimming to the deeper end of the pool again and heading back towards her.

“That’s not what I meant,” she said when he came up out of the water again.





Dilvan raised his thick, wet brows and said, “Then what did you mean, Gabrielle?”


Gabrielle frowned. He was playing mind games with her. That was his specialty. “I mean, what are you doing here in Chicago?”


“Work. I have a shoot tomorrow,” he said, looking at her lips, then at the frown that grew in her forehead. “Why are you frowning?”

“No reason,” Gabrielle said, deciding to beat him at his own game. She slowly walked back to the shallow end of the pool.

“Running away again,” his voice said, echoing off the water behind her.





Gabrielle’s heart raced when she heard him swaying about, moving closer behind her. She inhaled a thick smell of chlorine and his cologne then wished she would’ve stayed put in her room.


She turned to meet his gaze and said, “I’m not running.”


“Then can we talk for a minute?”

“And just what do you want to talk about?”

“Us.”

“Us?” she asked, lifting a brow. “Perhaps you’ve been inhaling too much of this chlorine, Dilvan, because there is no us.”





He smirked. “I never knew you to have a sense of humor. I like it.”


“Goodbye, Dilvan,” she said, continuing for the steps.

“I think there is an us,” he said, slowly walking her way as she was exiting the pool. “I miss you.”

“Why are you telling me this, Dilvan?”





He walked even closer, coming chest-to-chest with her.


Gabrielle’s breathing increased as she stared at him. She remembered a few times, when they were together, thinking about how much more their relationship would be if Dilvan wasn’t so mean to her – if he actually took the time to love her. But he didn’t know how to love.


“Do you still love me?” he asked.

“Still...that implies that I used to love you.”

“You did. You know it and I know it. Do you still love me?”





With firm, bold eyes, Gabrielle said, “I love my husband.”


Dilvan’s eyes flashed heat. Her words cut him deep, but deciding not to let her defeat him, he stroked the side of her face with his wet index finger. “Well, I still love you.”


“You never loved me, Dilvan.”

“I did, and I still do.”

“No you—”

“Don’t tell me what I feel,” he said in a raised tone.

“And there you go yelling again. How do you expect me to be civil with you when you haven’t made any attempts to change? You’re the same Dilvan that choked me...who threw me to the floor,” she said, tears welling up in her eyes.

“That’s what I’m trying to tell you, Gabrielle. I’m not that same man. I have changed,” he said inching closer to her face.

“Well, since you said you’ve changed, I need you to back up a little. You’re invading my personal space.”

“Okay.” He took a couple of steps backwards. “Is this far enough?”

“Yes, now listen. There will never be an us anymore. When we were together, I tried to love you, Dilvan. I did, I’ll admit that. Do you know how it feels to love someone so much and not have that love returned?”

“I know that all too well, Gabrielle.”





Gabrielle frowned. “We can never be civil if you insist on behaving this way. I’m a married woman and I love Tyson.”


Dilvan snarled. “You barely knew the man when y’all got married.”


“I know him more than I knew you when we went into our arrangement. But that’s irrelevant. I love my husband and you need to get that through your arrogant head.”





Gabrielle walked up the pool stairs and onto the floor.


“Okay, okay. I get it,” Dilvan said.





Gabrielle threw a white towel around herself and said, “You get it?”


“Yeah. I don’t like it, but I get it. Now, let’s shake on it,” he suggested, extending his hand to her. She reluctantly reached for his hand, feeling him clutch his firm hand around hers. When he gently squeezed, she looked at him, locked eyes with him but refused to smile as he was doing. She wondered if he could feel the nervousness running through her fingers when their hands touched. Deciding she’d had enough, she pulled her hand away from him.

“I have to go to bed.”

“Me too.” He followed her out of the pool. “See you tomorrow.”





Gabrielle hadn’t responded. She simply walked away as fast as she could.


Dilvan smiled. Maybe there was hope for him yet. Or maybe he should forget about trying to win her back and focus on trying to be her friend. Baby steps.





Chapter 14





~ * ~





“Jeez, Gabrielle. Where have you been?” Tyson asked. He’d been patiently waiting for a phone call from her and was getting worried when she hadn’t called. He was so worried, he called Padma, who in turn called Lalita only for Lalita to notify her that Gabrielle wasn’t in the room. When Padma told Tyson, he was ready to fly there himself to find her.

“I’m sorry. I just saw your missed calls. I went for a swim.”

“Okay,” he said, blowing a sigh of relief. “When I called Padma and found out you weren’t in your room, I was all set to come there.”

“Tyson, you don’t have to worry about me so much.”

“You’re kidding me, right? You’re my wife. Of course I have to worry about you. Now tell me...is everything okay?”

“Yes,” Gabrielle responded, stepping out onto the balcony so she didn’t disturb Lalita. She stared off into the city. Seemed that no one was sleeping tonight. Chicago was alive. Cars lined the streets. From her prime balcony location, she could hear music, see partygoers, couples, tall buildings and billboards.

“Bri, you there?”

“Yes, I’m here...um, Tyson, I have to tell you something.”

“Okay.”

“And don’t freak out about it.”

“Okay. What’s up?”

“Dilvan showed up and I had no idea he was going to be here and neither did Padma,” she said, pacing the balcony.

“Why do you sound so panicky, Bri? Is he bothering you?”





A looked of confusion washed over her face. “No, he’s not bothering me. I just don’t want you to be upset that he’s here.”


“I’m not.”

“You’re not?”

“No. I knew he was there. Heshan told me.”





Gabrielle blew a sigh of relief.


“I’m glad you told me, though.”

“So you’re not upset?”

“No, I’m not. I’m not worried about Dilvan, but, if he bothers you, let me know.”

“Okay.” Gabrielle decided not to mention her swimming pool run-in with Dilvan. There was no use in alarming Tyson unnecessarily.

“You miss me,” he asked.

“Of course I do. I can’t wait to be in your arms again.”

“Likewise, baby.”

“Are you all packed up and ready to go to Atlanta?”

“Yep.”

“What time are you leaving?”

“Um...probably around six tomorrow morning.”

“You’ll be on the road while I’m going into the seminar, so I’ll call you before it starts.”

“Okay, my love. At any rate, let me get off the phone so you can get some sleep.”

“All right. I love you.”

“Love you too, angel.”

“Goodnight.”

“Goodnight.”





Gabrielle walked back into the room, closing the sliding glass balcony door behind her. She’d quietly eased into bed so as not to disturb Lalita and laid there staring up at the ceiling.


She thought about Dilvan briefly, wondering if he had really changed or if it was all lies. And she felt a wave of confusion cloud her rest as she could still feel his hand squeezing hers. What was it exactly? She was in love with Tyson, happy with Tyson, but there was something in Dilvan’s touch that made her uncomfortable. A married woman in love shouldn’t feel a spark or anything else from a man who wasn’t her husband, right?





Chapter 15





~ * ~





Tyson was halfway to Atlanta when Gabrielle had called. She told him to drive safely and that she was just about to join the expo. He promised her that he’d call around lunch.





Once Tyson arrived at the restaurant, he sat there in the parking lot for a minute and reminisced on all the hard work it took to start this place. He had no idea his hard work would pay off in such a big way, and now he was a millionaire with restaurants around the country.


He smiled and got out of the car, heading for the restaurant. He had a short meeting with the contractors today to discuss plans for redoing the kitchen. They were slated to bring in state-of-the-art ovens, grills and countertop space as well as other equipment. If the upgrade proved to be effective, he would roll them out to all his restaurant locations nationwide.





* * *





At lunch, Tyson met with the manager of the restaurant, Patrick Goodwin at a restaurant that Patrick had recommended. Patrick had been running the place for him since he decided to move to North Carolina. Patrick was good at it, kept things in order and connected well with the Atlanta crowd.


“So I’ve already met with the contractors this morning,” Tyson told Patrick. “I’ve made it crystal clear that this reno should take no more than three days to complete. We need to be reopening for business by Wednesday.”





Patrick nodded. “That sounds good.”


“Yeah, enjoy your break while you can,” Tyson quipped.

“I will, bruh. You can believe that.”





Tyson took a bite of the tuna melt he’d ordered then washed it down with a drink of water. “So it’s been pretty busy, I see, from the numbers coming in.”


“Man...it’s been crazy busy.” Patrick wiped his mouth with a napkin.

“Yeah. Atlanta is the busiest. Los Angeles is coming in at a close second.”

“That’s crazy, man.”

“Yep.” Tyson took a sip of water and glanced around the place.

“Ay, guess who came by last week asking about you?”





A frown appeared in Tyson’s forehead. “Who?”


“Desiree.”





Tyson’s frown deepened. Why was Desiree seeking him out? She had some nerve after what she did to him – cheating on him with his best friend, then spreading rumors that he’d had something to do with Dennis’ death.


“Don’t know why she’s asking about me, but I’m glad I wasn’t here. I hate losing my temper.”

“She asked how you were...seemed disappointed when I told her you’d gotten married.”

“Disappointed?”

“Yeah. She was faking like she was happy for you, but I could tell she was upset.”

“Yeah...well, I don’t have five words to say to her, so I hope she goes back up North and live happily ever after.”





Patrick grinned. “Hey, why’d you guys break up, anyway?”


“She was cheating on me with my best friend and I found out about it.”

“Ouch.”

“She tried to justify the reason she did it by telling people that I was controlling, but yet, when we were together, she freely traveled back and forth to Chicago for weeks at a time...but I’m controlling.”

“That’s so typical...trying to pin the blame on you for her actions.”





Tyson nodded. “You know what, though...”


“What’s that?”

“I’m glad she did what she did. I’m so happy she cheated on me.”





Patrick frowned. “Say what?”


Tyson grinned. “Let me explain it to you, man. You know how people say things happen for a reason.”


Patrick nodded.


“Well, if Desiree hadn’t cheated on me, I would probably be married to her and miserable. Instead, we broke up, I concentrated on my restaurants, then, to get away from all the ATL drama she kicked up, I relocated to North Carolina where my aunt introduced me to the woman I was supposed to be with from the start. My soulmate.”

“Gabrielle.”

“Yep. Gabrielle. She’s all the woman I’ll ever need for the rest of my life and beyond.”

“Crazy how things work themselves out.”

“Yes it is.”

“Meant to tell you the reception was beautiful, man,” Patrick said. “Ain’t nothing like black love and Gabrielle is a sweetheart.”

“Yes she is. That’s why I love her. She’s certainly made me a better man. She’s the type of woman that makes me want to be a better man.”

“I hear that. That’s what I’m looking for.”

“Keep looking, brother. She’s out there, and when you find her, trust me, you’ll know.”

“Yeah...that’s what everyone tells me.”





Chapter 16





~ * ~





“This day flew by really, really fast,” Lalita said, finishing a cup of green tea.





The women were sitting at a table in The Blue Room again, chatting after they’d enjoyed dinner.


“Sure did,” Padma said. “Did you ladies enjoy yourselves?”

“Yep,” Gabrielle answered. “Very informational. I got enough notes to write a book.”





Padma grinned.


“The food service industry seems very complex,” Gabrielle continued. “Requires a lot of hard work and dedication.”

“Yes ma’am it does as I’m sure your husband can attest to,” Padma said.





Gabrielle nodded. “He works very hard to keep his restaurants profitable.”


“Yes, he does.”

“So are we going sightseeing since this is our last night here?” Lalita asked.

“Not me,” Gabrielle said. “I’m pooped. I need some sleep...think I’ll call my hubby and relax for a bit.”

“All right,” Padma said. “Lalita and I will walk around for a while, then.”

“Okay. Have fun guys,” Gabrielle said, getting up from the table.





Padma and Lalita headed out, too.


Gabrielle browsed around the first floor of the hotel before deciding to go up to her room. She made her way back to the pool, noticing a few people swimming tonight. She walked towards the water, sat down, took off her sandals and after pulling her dress up a little so as not to get it wet, she immersed her feet in the water.


Ah, how relaxing.





She closed her eyes and thought of Tyson. She would call him as soon as she was in her room. She was ready to be home with him, to be cuddled with him in bed and hear his voice; his sweet whispers while they held each other. A chill shimmied up her spine thinking about it, and an anticipatory smile came to her face.


She looked towards the door and saw Dilvan approaching with a tray of wine and two glasses.


Ugh. Not again. The smile quickly disappeared from her face and she looked away from him, staring at her feet in the water instead.

“Thought I’d find you in here,” he said.





Gabrielle hadn’t said a word. She was too busy trying to ignore him because something about his presence didn’t feel right. It didn’t feel right yesterday and it didn’t feel right today.


“Dilvan, what do you want?”

“Just thought that since we made some progress yesterday, we should celebrate.”

We made some progress because I shook your hand? “No thank you,” Gabrielle replied.

“Oh, come on,” he said, handing her a glass. “Here....just a few sips.”





She rolled her eyes and reluctantly took the glass from his grasp. She took a sip and asked, “What kind of wine is this?”


“Red Moscato. It’s sweet, like you. You like it?”

“Yeah. Pretty good,” she replied, ignoring his compliment and enjoying the wine instead.

“Good,” he said, glad to hear her say she liked it because that meant she hadn’t noticed he’d altered it a bit. If she drank only half of the wine in her glass, it would be enough to render her unconscious for hours. Dilvan couldn’t believe he’d stoop so low but it was the only way to get close to her, as close as he wanted to be.

“Where’s my Mother and Lalita?” he asked as if he hadn’t known. He’d watched them at dinner and saw Lalita head out the front entrance of the restaurant with his mother.

“Um,” Gabrielle said blinking twice. All of a sudden her vision was blurry. “Um...uh...they...um...they went sightseeing.” She sloshed the wine around in her glass and took another sip.

“You didn’t want to go with them?”

“No,” she said, placing her hand on her forehead, trying to steady herself because she felt dizzy all of a sudden. “I’m going to call...to call...um...call Tyson and go to bed. I feel so sleepy all of a sudden.”





Gabrielle attempted to stand, but was so dizzy, she couldn’t catch her balance. And why was the room spinning?


“Gabrielle, are you okay?” Dilvan asked.

“Yeah. I’m...I’m fine,” she slurred, then rested her head on his shoulder.

“Let’s get you to your room, sweetie,” he said, standing. Leaving the wine bottles and glasses by the pool, he helped Gabrielle to her feet, holding her up by using his right arm as a brace around her, and holding her small handbag in his left hand.





He took the elevator to the eleventh floor, removed her keycard from her purse and unlocked the door while trying to hold her up at the same time. Having seen the green entry light flash, he turned the knob, pushed the door open and carried her to one of the queen beds, laying her unconscious body there. Then he went back to the door, secured the latch just in case Lalita came back earlier than he expected her to.


He walked over to the bed and got a closer look, staring at Gabrielle as if he was admiring a fine piece of art. He released a deep sigh, then leaned over her, coming face-to-face with her, stealing a kiss from her lips. He broke away from her lips to study her features again – her dainty nose, high cheekbones, her chocolate skin that he now appreciated, and the gorgeous head of hair that he drowned his fingers in.


“You’re so beautiful, Gabrielle,” he said as if she could hear him speak; as if she was alert instead of unconscious.





He felt a tear escape his eye. What was he doing? He told his mother that he was making changes? How could drugging Gabrielle be a change for the better?


He sniffled and tried to get his emotions in check. With his face pressed against hers, he kissed her again, still telling her how much he loved her. “I know I messed up,” he whispered in her ear. “All I want is a second chance to make things right, to prove my love to you, baby.”


Obsessed. That was the only way to describe his behavior, but he didn’t care at the moment. The truth of the matter was, Dilvan hadn’t been able to accept the fact that Gabrielle had moved on, married his cousin and was living a happy life. He was still in love with her and the fact that she belonged to someone else angered him. But tonight, right at this moment, she was his possession, and he would make the most out of every second.





Chapter 17





~ * ~





Lalita had just gotten off the elevator, headed to the room to prepare for bed. Sightseeing had been an adventure for her, especially since this was her first time visiting Chicago. Now, she only wanted to call Prasad, check on the kids, take a shower and sleep.





When she turned the

corner, she saw Dilvan carefully pulling the door closed to her room, then walking the opposite direction down the hallway. He hadn’t seen her approaching the room, and she was glad he hadn’t, but her heart pounded with each step she took to the room. She was thoroughly confused. What on earth was he doing leaving their room?

Was he secretly seeing Gabrielle? Had Gabrielle been cheating on Tyson with Dilvan? Would Gabrielle do something like that to Dilvan?




With a trembling,

unsteady hand, she opened the door in a hurry, ready to confront Gabrielle and get some answers. When she stepped further into the room, she noticed Gabrielle wasn’t lying on the bed she’d slept on yesterday. Instead, she was lying on her bed instead.




“Hey, Gabrielle, why are

you on my bed and why on earth did Dilvan Alexander just leave this room?” Lalita asked with a hand on her hip, ready to confront her.





Gabrielle hadn’t

responded.




Lalita walked over to her instead, shook her and said, “Gabrielle, what’s going

on?”




Gabrielle still didn’t

wake up. She didn’t make a sound or anything related to

such.




Lalita snapped.

“Gabrielle!” She shook her, trying to wake her up.




Still

nothing.




Now she was starting to worry. She could see that Gabrielle was breathing but she was completely unconscious. Then it dawned on her…


Lalita’s lips

trembled.




“Gabrielle, wake up!” She shook her more, but Gabrielle still didn’t open her

eyes.





Lalita ran to the

bathroom, wet a towel with cold water and dabbed it on Gabrielle’s face. She’d heard the stories about what Dilvan had done to Gabrielle in the past, but drugging her was a new low. Is that what happened here? She wanted to think otherwise, that this was just some misunderstanding, but when things are laid out this plainly, she couldn’t ignore the fact that the obvious had

happened.




Her eyes brimmed with

tears. “Dilvan, what have you done? What have you done? What have you done?” she mumbled, lying next to Gabrielle, not sure if she should call Padma, the police or Tyson. For now, she decided to hold Gabrielle in her arms, continue dabbing her with the towel and stay by her side wishing she hadn’t gone sightseeing with Padma.

She should’ve stayed here. If she had, none of this would’ve ever happened.





Chapter 18





~ * ~





Lalita woke up to the sound of the shower. Gabrielle was up. Her suitcase was on the bed. She’d already been packing.

Was she okay? Could she recall anything from last night? Lalita had so many questions for her.





Gabrielle shut off the shower, dried off, dressed and stepped out of the bathroom to an opened mouth, disturbed Lalita.


Gabrielle giggled. “What’s wrong with you, girl?”


Lalita frowned. “Gabrielle, are you okay?” she asked, concerned.


Gabrielle smiled. “Yeah. I’m fine...felt a little dizzy in the shower but other than that I’m good. Hey, why were you sleeping in my bed last night?”


Lalita frowned again. “Why was I sleeping in your bed? You were in my bed when I came back from sightseeing. Do you remember anything from last night?”

“Um...yeah. I went to the pool for a few, saw Dilvan down there. He offered me some wine and then I went to bed.”

“Wait...Dilvan offered you some wine?”

“Yeah.”

So that’s how he drugged her. He slipped something in the wine. “And you accepted a glass of wine from him?”

“Well, I didn’t want to, but he’s trying to change and show me that he’s sorry for what he did to me, so I’m trying to find it within myself to forgive him and move forward. Hey, Padma said to meet her for breakfast at The Blue Room at nine. It’s 8:15 a.m. now.”

“Okay. Let me go get ready,” Lalita said. She had to say something to Padma about what happened. Dilvan couldn’t get away with this.





* * *





When they walked in the restaurant, they noticed that Padma and Dilvan were already there.


“Good morning, ladies,” Dilvan said, eyeing Gabrielle down.

“Good morning,” Gabrielle responded cheerfully. She was feeling especially good today since she would be back home, in the arms of Tyson.





Lalita hadn’t said a word. Instead, she looked at Dilvan with skeptical eyes.


Gabrielle took the seat across from Padma. “So how was sightseeing last night?”


“It was wonderful,” Padma responded. “Wish you would’ve come with us.”

“I wish you would’ve come with us, too,” Lalita said.

“I know, but I was so out of it last night, I don’t even remember when I fell asleep.”

“Oh, goodness, dear,” Padma said.

“Lalita told me I was passed out on her bed.” Gabrielle giggled. “Guess I was so tired, I couldn’t make it to my own bed.”





Dilvan took a sip of water. He hadn’t thought about that – that he might’ve put her on the wrong bed last night.


Lalita glared at him, but he hadn’t seen her. He was too busy staring at Gabrielle.


He actually found it hard to take his eyes off of her. It’s a strange thing, how he’d taken her for granted when he had her at his grasp and now that she belonged to someone else, he wanted her more than he wanted his next million.


“What did you do last night, Dilvan?” Lalita decided to ask.

“Not much...hung around the bar for a minute then went to bed.”

“That’s it?”

“Yeah, pretty much.”

“So you didn’t see Gabrielle by the pool last night?” Lalita asked, meeting his gaze.





Dilvan glanced at Gabrielle then back to Lalita and said, “Yeah. Briefly.”


“Yeah, I bet,” she mumbled.

“What was that?” Dilvan asked.

“Nothing.”





They ate quietly after their breakfast entrees had arrived.


Lalita glanced up at Dilvan every now and then, noticing each time that he was busy ogling Gabrielle, probably reliving what he’d done to her last night. Sick bastard. He definitely was not like his older brothers. Prasad and Heshan would never do what he’d done, then sit at the table like nothing happened.


“This was a nice little trip,” Gabrielle said.

“I have another one scheduled for later this year,” Padma said. “Hopefully you’ll be able to make that one was well.”

“Yeah, as long as Tyson comes with me.”





Dilvan tried to hide his frown by taking a sip of water.


“You newlyweds,” Padma said. “You miss him after two days.”

“Yes,” she replied beaming. “He’s such an amazing man.”





Dilvan’s frowned deepened. Deciding to change the subject he asked, “What time is your flight leaving?”


“We got the 2:30 p.m. direct flight,” Padma responded.

“So do I. Let me run up and finish packing.” Dilvan stood and took a hundred-dollar bill from his wallet, placing it on the table. “That should cover breakfast. I’ll meet you in the lobby at the eleven, then we can go to the airport together.”

“All right, Dilvan,” Padma said.





When Dilvan was no longer in ear shot, Padma said, “You know I think I’m getting through to Dilvan after all. I can see the changes in him.”


“Yeah...he’s slowly coming around,” Gabrielle said. “I think he’s sorry for what he did to me, but that’s not something I can easily dismiss although I am trying to be cordial with him...trying to be the bigger person.”





Padma nodded.


Lalita hadn’t said a word. She was too busy questioning herself – replaying in her mind if she saw what she actually thought she did – Dilvan leaving her and Gabrielle’s hotel room last night and Gabrielle passed out on the bed. Something had happened, only she couldn’t be sure exactly what it was and Gabrielle certainly had no recollection of it. The only person who knew what went down was Dilvan.





Chapter 19





~ * ~





Tyson threw his small suitcase in the back seat and headed for a restaurant he frequented when he lived in Atlanta. There, they made the best eggs, grits and waffles he’d ever tasted outside of his own.





As he enjoyed his breakfast, he saw her, Desiree, heading his way. Was she stalking him now? It couldn’t be a coincidence that she was here.


He sighed. She was still pretty in the face, but she looked to be twenty pounds heavier. The weight looked nice on her. She even turned a few heads as she approached his table.


Tyson kept on eating, hoping she would keep walking by but when he heard her say, “Well, hey stranger,” he looked up at her.


“Hi,” he said. He didn’t want to be rude. He was always a gentleman no matter the circumstances, but he also knew how to put someone in their place; especially someone as conniving as Desiree.

“How have you been?” she asked him, taking a seat.

“I’m good...um, if you would excuse me, I was enjoying my breakfast alone and—”

“Okay, I just need to say this, Tyson.”

“Say what?”

“I’m sorry about the things I said regarding Dennis. I was angry at the time.”





He grinned. “You’re a piece of work, Desiree.”


“What do you mean?”

“That’s all you’re sorry about?”

“Well—”

“You’re sorry about the things you said regarding Dennis, but you’re not sorry you cheated on me with my best friend. That you lied to me for months and let me propose to you knowing that your heart belonged to someone else. What are you even doing here?”

“I moved back to the ‘A’ a few months ago...heard you got married.”

“Yep.” Tyson wiped his mouth, then stood up. “I’m going to see my beautiful wife as we speak. Enjoy your day,” he told her and walked away. As far as he was concerned nothing else needed to be said. Their relationship was over and done with. He’d moved on and that was that. All he wanted to do now was get back home to see Gabrielle.





Chapter 20





~ * ~





All these seats in first class and I get the one next to him. Gabrielle sighed. Padma had offered to switch seats with her but Gabrielle declined stating that she’d be fine. Dilvan was behaving relatively well and surely she could endure a plane ride home with him.

“Would you like the window seat?” Dilvan asked after he put her bag in the overhead compartment.

“Yeah. Thanks.” She scooted pass him, then settled in her seat.





He sat down too and checked his messages. Then he saw an email from his manager:





TO: Dilvan Alexander <DilvanAlexander@gmail.com>

FROM: Len Phillips <LenPhillips@lpmodelsinc.com>

SUBJECT: New Gig in the Windy City!





Dilvan,





They loved you at Ross & Co. The shoot went so well, they’re looking forward to working with you again. Great work!





Len

- - -





Dilvan was satisfied with the work he’d done at Ross & Company. Even their marketing team had told him yesterday how pleased they were. Accolades as such made him not want to quit modeling. Maybe if he stuck to smaller modeling jobs, he would still have time to work with the family business, thus pleasing his parents and getting back into their good graces as well as doing what he enjoyed.





Gabrielle called Tyson to let him know she was on the plane, and that she had to put her phone on airplane mode since they were about to take off. She hadn’t mentioned that she was sitting next to Dilvan. Tyson probably would’ve flipped out.


When they were cruising an appropriate altitude, Dilvan glanced at her and said, “So you enjoyed yourself?”


“Yeah, I did.”

“Me too,” he said with a smile. He wanted so badly to hold her hand, but he fought the urge.

“It’s so strange to me that after I saw you by the pool last night, I can’t remember a thing after that. I’ve been racking my brain trying to figure out how I woke up in Lalita’s bed...she had to take my bed.”

“Maybe you just needed some rest. It has been a whirlwind weekend,” he told her. He didn’t need her trying to recall anything that happened last night.

“Yeah. You’re right. It’s just odd, though. I didn’t even call Tyson last night.”

“I’m sure it’s nothing,” he replied. “Unless you’re becoming a workaholic like me.”





She smiled. “Maybe.” Gabrielle glanced out the window.


“I have to tell you something, Gabrielle.”

“What’s that?” she asked, looking at him.

“Well, it’s actually a confession.”

“Okay.”

“When we were together, I didn’t give us a real chance because I wasn’t ready to make a commitment. Now, I am and I know I keep apologizing to you like a crazy person, but I am sorry I hurt you.”

“Okay. I got it.”

“Do you forgive me?”

“Forgiveness doesn’t happen overnight, Dilvan. Just talking to you and sitting here with you is a surprise to me.”

“Baby steps,” he said.





Gabrielle stared out the window at the puffy white clouds suspended in the air like cotton. She found beauty in it, especially since this was the second time she’d ever been on a plane.


A stewardess came by with wine and they both took a glass.


Gabrielle was mid sip when Dilvan asked, “So do you think Tyson would agree to a sit-down with me?”


Gabrielle coughed, holding her left hand in front of her mouth. For a moment, it was hard to get her breath back.


Deciding to offer assistance, Dilvan placed his right hand on her back and patted softly.


“I’m okay, Dilvan,” Gabrielle told him.





He stopped patting her back and with a smirk on his face said, “So I guess the answer to my question is no.”


“Sure is, and you should’ve known that before you even asked.”

“Why?”

“Because you and Tyson have never had a good relationship, and honestly, Dilvan, you don’t even like my husband.”

“That’s not true.”

“It is, and trust me when I say that it will take an act of God to get Tyson to say anything to you.”

“Well, I think it’s my place to try. I want to change for the better and I can do that, but I can’t do it alone.”

“You can try. You don’t need people to change your attitude. You can do that on your own.”

“I understand that, but since my Mother blames me for all of our family problems, I feel that I should make some sort of gesture.”

“Okay, then do what you feel.”





He took a sip of champagne and asked, “So your marriage is good?”


“Dilvan, I’m not about to discuss my marriage with you.”

“I was just curious. Maybe I can learn something to take into my next relationship.”

“You have brothers...get advice from them. Prasad is happily married. Heshan is...hmm, not sure what Heshan’s relationship status is.”

“Heshan has been with more women than Deuce Bigelow.”





Gabrielle laughed.


“You laugh, but I’m serious.”

“And what do you know about Deuce Bigelow when all I’ve ever seen you watch on TV is soccer.”





Dilvan looked at her, trying to determine how she knew that. Then he said, “It came on one night when there was no soccer on TV...captured my interest.”


“Strange.”

“Why’s that strange?”





Gabrielle shook her head. “No reason, and you’re no saint yourself while you’re trying to throw Heshan under the bus.”


He chuckled. “You’re right. I’m not.”


“And Heshan is the oldest of you guys...you can learn a lot from him.”

“Guess I’ll start with him and tell him you sent me.”

“No, don’t tell him that.”

“Why not?”

“He won’t believe you and you need him to take you seriously, especially if you’re serious about settling down and getting married.”





Dilvan nodded. He was serious about settling down. His only wish was that he could settle down with her.





Chapter 21





~ * ~





When Padma pulled in the driveway behind Tyson’s jeep to drop off Gabrielle, Tyson was standing in the driveway anxiously waiting.





Gabrielle was giddy when she saw him. She jumped out of the car before Padma could come to a complete stop. She ran to Tyson, jumped in his arms, wrapping her legs around his waist, her arms around his neck, her lips pressed against his.


Tyson slid his hands up her blouse, placing them firmly against her back and kissed her while Padma and Lalita looked on.


After he’d gotten his fill, just enough to take the edge off, he looked her in the eyes and said, “Hi.”


“Hi.” She smiled. “I missed you.”

“Missed you too, baby.”

“Okay, lovebirds,” Padma said, getting out of the car. “I have to run.” She left Gabrielle’s suitcase next to where they stood. I have to take Lalita home.”

“Thanks for taking care of my baby, Padma,” Tyson told her.

“No problem.”

“See you later, Padma,” Gabrielle said. Tyson lowered Gabrielle until her feet touched the ground, picked up her bag and they headed for the house.





As soon as they were in the living room, he dropped her bag on the floor and kissed her again, walking forward while she took steps backwards to the bedroom where he’d been steering her, where he’d planned on making love to her.





A while later, they rested and he said, “I love you.”


“I love you, too.”

“So you had a good trip?”

“Yes.”

“Do I need to break anyone’s bones?”





Gabrielle grinned. “No. Dilvan was surprisingly on his best behavior.”


“Bet he was...”

“And you know what... I’m not afraid of him anymore.”

“Good. You shouldn’t be because you know I’d put a bullet in his head if he ever touches you again.”

“Tyson, stop it.”

“I’m so serious right now, darling. That goes for him or anybody else. You’re my wife and I’ll protect you with my life.”

“I know you will,” she said, turning to face him. She took a kiss from his lips and snuggled against his chest.

“Um...while we’re on the subject of Dilvan, let me get your opinion on something.”

“Okay.”

“So Heshan and Prasad are meeting with Dilvan to try and work out their differences.”

“Okay.”

“Do you think I should join them?”

“Ah...well they’re all your cousins and Heshan is your best friend.”

“Yep.”

“It may not be a bad thing.”

“Yeah, I just don’t want to end up in another fight with Dilvan. I might actually break his nose this time.”





Gabrielle kissed his chest and said, “Whatever you decide, I’ll support you one-hundred percent.”


“I know you will, baby. That’s why I love you.”





Gabrielle smiled, then closed her eyes, relaxed and satisfied in the arms of her man.





Chapter 22





~ * ~





Three Months Later





Dilvan smiled. All was right with the world again – well partially. Over the past three months, he’d managed to get back on good terms with his brothers – especially with Heshan. They’d spent plenty of time repairing their relationship. They watched soccer together, something they hadn’t done in years and Heshan hung out more at Dilvan’s place than he did his own home.





Whenever it was necessary, Tyson even tried to tolerate Dilvan as well.


Gabrielle helped Carmen pack for college and settle into her dorm room at Elizabeth City State University. She was proud that her sister was going to college, studying computer science and she was grateful to Tyson for paying her tuition. It was the best high school graduation gift ever.





Today, Dilvan was throwing a family cookout at his home. While he and his father manned the grill, Padma was busy giving Lalita and Gabrielle information about the fall restaurant expo.


Tyson, Heshan and Prasad were busy playing poker.


Lalita’s kids were running around playing.


Ms. Beatrice was in the kitchen whipping up some sides, her famous clam chowder and some Sri Lankan cuisine. She was still elated that she was able to go and visit her brother three weeks ago.


When the hotdogs, hamburgers, chicken and corn on the cob had been grilled, Beatrice brought her homemade sides out onto the deck. Everyone gathered while Colin prayed over the food then they sat at their respective tables.


Gabrielle and Tyson shared a table with Lalita and Prasad. Dilvan sat at the table with his parents. Heshan sat with Beatrice.





Halfway through their meals, Dilvan stood up and in true Dilvan fashion, he tapped his wine glass and said, “I have a small announcement to make.”


Once he got everyone’s attention, he said, “I want to take this opportunity to say how proud I am that we’re able to meet as a family. I know we’ve been through a lot of tough times, mostly because of me, but I’ve been working hard to be a better brother, a better son, a better cousin, a better man. Thank you for working with me. I love and appreciate you all.”


Padma pinched the corner of her eyes trying to hold in tears. Then, as a loving, forgiving mother would, she said, “We love you too, Dilvan.”


“Well that’s all right now ain’t it,” Beatrice said.





Colin nodded.


Tyson cleared his throat, stood up and said, “I also have something to say.”


“What is this...the day for announcements?” Heshan quipped.

“Apparently so, Shan,” Prasad said.

“At any rate, I want to thank you all for treating my sweet Gabrielle so well. She’s truly the love of my life. Thank you for welcoming her into The Alexander Family.”





Gabrielle blushed.


Dilvan frowned. Over the months, he tried to forget about her...tried telling himself he could move on, but every time he thought about going on a date with another woman, his heart would pull him back to Gabrielle.


“And there’s something else,” Tyson said. “The Alexander Family will be welcoming a new member very soon because we’re having a baby.”

“A baby!” Beatrice shouted.





Padma placed her hand over her heart.


“I already told mom and pop and Gabrielle’s family knows. Now you all know.”





Heshan stood up, walked over to Tyson’s table and slapped hands with his cousin, patting him on the back. “Congrats man.”


“Thanks.”





Heshan gave Gabrielle a kiss on the cheek. “Congrats, sweetie.”


“Thanks Heshan.”





Prasad also congratulated them.


“How far along are you, Gabrielle?” Ms. Beatrice asked.

“Three months.”





Dilvan turned up a glass of wine to his mouth. A baby...the woman he loved was happy with his cousin and pregnant. He couldn’t fake a smile even if he wanted to, even after three months of trying to forget her.


Lalita excused herself without offering any congratulations. She was visibly upset, which was so out of order for her and for the occasion at hand. She should’ve been happy that another child was being added to the family.


Gabrielle watched Lalita walk away. She got up from her seat and followed her to the kitchen. “Lalita, is everything okay?”


“Yeah,” she responded.

“Are you sure? You look upset.”

“Just not feeling well,” she said.





Gabrielle walked closer to her and touched her arm. “That’s all? Seems like, since our Chicago trip, you’ve been acting kinda weird.”


Lalita looked at Gabrielle, wanting to tell her about what happened in Chicago – how she’d found her passed out on the bed and Dilvan sneaking out of their hotel room. She couldn’t get the words to leave her mouth. Instead, she said, “I gotta go. Tell Prasad I had to run.” She walked away, upset and torn, having to carry the burden of this secret. She couldn’t even tell her husband.


As she walked to the car, all kind of thoughts were swirling around in her head. If Dilvan had drugged Gabrielle and took advantage of her, what if that was his baby she was carrying instead of Tyson’s? Just the thought of it made tears fall from her eyes. The frustration of it all was too much, because she couldn’t prove that Dilvan had done anything to Gabrielle, and maybe he hadn’t. After all, when she stepped in the room, Gabrielle had been fully clothed.





Gabrielle returned to the celebration out on the deck. Beatrice had embraced her warmly and congratulated her. So did Padma and Colin.


Dilvan drew in a deep breath and, while Tyson was busy talking to Heshan, he made his way over to Gabrielle.


“Congratulations,” Dilvan told her, watching her hair sway in the breeze. “I know you’re excited.”

“Yes. Tyson and I are equally excited.”

“So you’re three months, huh?”

“Yeah.”





Dilvan looked at her stomach. “Your stomach is so flat. It doesn’t look like there’s a baby in there.”


“I know, but there is.”





Tyson glanced over at Dilvan talking to his wife and instantly felt a jealous streak hit him. He had accepted Dilvan’s steps toward change but even still, he didn’t trust him and he never would.


“Excuse me, Heshan,” Tyson said, and made a beeline to where Gabrielle and Dilvan were standing. He threw an arm around Gabrielle and said, “Is everything all right, sweetie?”

“Yes. Everything’s fine.”

“I was just congratulating you guys,” Dilvan said.

“Thanks,” Tyson replied but he was no fool. There was something there, something in the depths of Dilvan’s eyes that angered him – something that made it clear as day that Dilvan Alexander was still obsessed with his wife. “Are you ready to go, sweetheart?”

“Yes. I’m ready.”





Tyson took Gabrielle’s hand into his and walked away from Dilvan.


Dilvan watched them as they headed for the door. A smile came to his lips as he thought about how it would feel to someday be a father, imagining that the baby Gabrielle was carrying was his instead of Tyson’s.





To Be Continued...





Start reading Book 4, The Object of His Obsession now.





