Table of Contents


	Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty One

Chapter Twenty Two

Chapter Twenty Three

Chapter Twenty Four

Chapter Twenty Five

Epilogue





Only If You Dare

Falling for a Rose Book Three

By

Stephanie Nicole Norris





Contents

Copyright

Dedication

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty One

Chapter Twenty Two

Chapter Twenty Three

Chapter Twenty Four

Chapter Twenty Five

Epilogue

More Books by Stephanie Nicole Norris

About the Author





Note from the Publisher: This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead or references to locations, persons, events or locations is purely coincidental. The characters, circumstances and events are imaginative and not intended to reflect real events.

Only If You Dare

Falling for A Rose Book Three

Copyright 2017 Stephanie Nicole Norris

Love is a Drug, Ink.

All Rights Reserved and Proprietary.

No part of this book may be reproduced, in any form or format without written permission from Author. Send all requests via email to stephaniennorris@gmail.com





Dedication


To all my readers who enjoy the Falling for a Rose Series. May you also find your happily ever after.





Chapter One





Another restless night. I blew out a deep breath as I stared at my reflection in the mirror. The puffs underneath my eyes were bringing awareness to the tumbling I’d been doing over the past week. At first, I couldn’t figure out why I was so edgy; but then I had a come to Jesus moment. The reality was, I was exhausted. This high demanding job at the Houston Report wore me down. Upon getting this journalistic opportunity six years ago, I was all too happy to take on each story by storm. However, my continuous efforts to remain one of the paper’s top journalists seemed to go unnoticed. I hadn’t received a raise in two years and going after lead stories wasn’t simplistic. At times, depending on the information, I could seriously put my life in danger.

Desiree, Desiree, you are not telling the whole story…

That annoying voice in the back of my head tormented me. It hadn’t gone away ever since the moment I laid eyes on him. I shrugged. So, I wasn’t telling the complete truth. Although the paper had become a thorn in my side, I also spent nights thinking about him, wondering about him, dreaming… about… him… That was unusual for me since my last disaster of a relationship. My thoughts of men didn’t go past the physical. And they only ventured there when my flesh desperately craved release. However, I spent the last week lying awake at night, coaching myself to keep my hands from between my thighs when thoughts of him arrived. I must be thoroughly honest here. Those times were many, since the moment I saw him in my mother’s hospital room.

“Julian Alexander Rose…”

I whispered his name like it was a part of a smooth jazz melody I heard on repeat in a nightclub. Not that I did much clubbing, I didn’t. My demanding job wouldn’t allow for such basic pleasures. I met Julian on a trip to Chicago, Illinois. That’s where I’m from by the way; born and raised. My youngest sister, Claudia, and my mother, Adeline, live there together. I moved away because… we’ll for a variety of reasons; reasons I don’t care to revisit at the moment. Claudia is my mother’s caregiver. That may instantly make you think she’s disabled, but my mom is spicy and might hit you across the head with her walker if you test her enough.

However, a stroke and high blood pressure kept her from functioning one hundred percent on her own. Claudia stepped up to take care of mom. She didn’t have a choice since I no longer live in Chicago and my mother didn’t want to move here to Houston. Our father, well, he’s been in the wind for as long as I can remember. Anyway, my mom slipped and fell getting out of the shower. On her way down, she hit her head, and it knocked her out cold. When I received the call from Claudia, I was livid and horrified. All I could think was, it was my fault for leaving my little sister in charge. But I soon found out, I was wrong. Claudia had been tremendous with caring for our mother, and I couldn’t blame her one bit for something that could’ve happened to anyone.

On that particular visit to Chicago, I entered her hospital room only to find Julian sitting next to her bedside. I could hardly pull my sight away from his gorgeous face to take note of the other guy sitting on the opposite side of her bed. When I did, I could see the resemblance in his features. They were no doubt brothers and smoking hot, might I add. I took my gaze back to Julian and took in his full ensemble; from his thick black hair that sat an inch off his scalp in dark waves, to his dark gray eyes, strong nose, strong jawline, and those lips.

I shuddered as I remembered Julian’s lips, medium in size and perfectly centered on his handsome face. When he rose to his feet, I got a close up of the biceps that stretched the dark Ralph Lauren shirt he wore. His build was muscular, and I felt no shame as my eyes roamed down to the Calvin Klein jeans that hung slightly from his hips. This was a time where I should’ve been alarmed that two gorgeous men occupied space in my mother’s hospital room and there were no scrubs in sight to indicate they were a part of the hospital’s staff. Instead, pleasure ripped through me: a soothing warmth that made me dizzy and rendered me utterly speechless.

That was not the gist of our intense moments. Releasing another heavy breath sent my bangs flying high. There was another reason I was restless. Claudia had been proposed to, and she accepted. My younger sister was getting married. Before me. I knew Claudia and Jaden’s relationship was pretty hot and heavy, but marriage? Jaden is such a sweetheart. He proposed to Claudia at her fundraiser event that she put together to raise awareness and be a resource for caregivers in Chicago. It was a successful event, and Jaden’s proposal set the city on fire. It was officially the talk of the town. That was a few weeks ago, and as much as I’d loathed coming back to Houston, I was trying to figure out what direction my life should go.

What I want is to quit my job and move back to Chicago. But I keep asking myself, for what? As I drafted my resignation letter, that question became enormous. What was waiting for me in Chicago?



I pacified myself, concluding that with Claudia getting married, it was now my turn to step in and become my mother’s caregiver. Also, I missed my little family. The only thing keeping me here was the Houston Report, and it didn’t offer the same excitement that it did in the beginning.

I raked my fingers through my hair. I’d let it grow too long, and now it hung past my elbows. I reapplied the dark purple passion gloss to my full lips. The color had grown on me, and I loved the way it emboldened my caramel skin. The gloss didn’t do anything to hide the puff under my eyes, but my sunglasses took care of that. Nevertheless, the puff was a constant reminder that I needed rest and relaxation. I left the quiet sanctuary of the bathroom and strolled through the labyrinth of disorganized cubicles and ringing phones headed to my secluded desk. Easing into my chair, my thoughts continued to swirl with the decision I needed to make; to hand over my resignation letter or to wait. I was spaced out for longer than a minute when a voice in front of me spoke.

“If it’s that deep, just go with your gut.”

I glanced up to see Santana Summers, the only person in Houston I’d come to befriend during my stay here.

“You would take that back if you knew what I was pondering,” I said.

Santana twisted her lips. “I don’t think so. Whenever you get that faraway look in your eyes, it’s always because you’re wondering if your next assignment is worth it. And you should always go with your gut.”

I smiled up at her, taking notice of the messy ponytail she’d shoved her hair in. For a moment, I wondered if her nights were just as rude as mine.

“If that’s the case then…”

I rose from my chair and grabbed my purse; pulling out my resignation letter that was sealed in a white mailing envelope. Santana frowned.

“What’s that?”

I pulled my lips in, hesitant to tell her my news. I didn’t know how well she would take it, so I drew my eyes away and cast them on everything around us.

“Hello,” she said snapping her fingers. “Desiree, what’s going on?”

I held the letter up. “I’m quitting.”

Santana’s eyes popped. “Are you serious? When did you decide to quit?”

“Sssssh! Don’t tell everybody. I haven’t given Fredrick my resignation letter yet!” I grabbed her hand and pulled her into my corner, practically shoving her into a chair.

Where I thought Santana would be a little upset, she surprised me with a glowing beam.

“I’m so excited for you,” she squealed.

I sat back in my chair dumbfounded. “You are?”

“Yes, yes, of course! I’ve seen the job wearing you down. I’m happy to know you’ve found something else.” She perked up. “So what’s the position and where? I want to apply, too! God knows my time in this place has long passed.”

“Um, well, actually, I don’t have another job lined up at the moment. I was sort of going to free spirit it.”

Her smile faltered a bit, and the glimmer in her eyes went away.

“Oh,” she shrugged. “Well that’s not a big deal,” she predicted. “You’ve saved enough pennies to live off of for a few years. Do you have any idea where you’ll look?”

I braced myself for the bomb I was about to drop on her. Santana and I had grown very close. We were each other’s left and right. My fingers drew a circle around the coaster sitting next to my keyboard, but it didn’t stop my words from coming out in a whisper.

“I’m moving back to Chicago.” I cleared my throat and waited for her response.

“Say what?”

I cleared my throat again and adjusted my blouse, thinking it would give me more courage to speak louder. “I’ve, um, decided to move back to Chicago and find a career there.”

What little happiness that was left on her face vanished and was replaced with a scowl.

“What!” Santana held her arms out. “Are you kidding me?”

“Ssssh! I know it’s surprising, but can you please keep it down.”

“Surprising? Keep it down?” She repeated.

I crossed my eyes. “Yes, keep it down!”

“What do you care? You’re leaving this place, not to mention the whole city,” she hissed.

I rubbed my temples. “I’m sorry. Look, I have to. Like you said, this job has been wearing me out, and I’m going with my gut after all. Your words, not mine.”

Santana waved her hand in the air. “Oh, I don’t want to hear that! Since when have you ever listened to anything I’ve said? If I knew you were talking about leaving the city, I would’ve just said, don’t even think about it!”

I gave her a small smile. “It was a last-minute thing. Come on, you know I’m not happy here, and what’s to keep me in Houston? I’m single, my job sucks, I have no family, no friends…”

Santana glared at me.

“I mean except for you, of course.”

“Since when has being single been an issue for you? You don’t take the time to so much as look at a man never mind date one! Annnnnd,” she said dragging out the word, “I thought you left Chicago because living there tormented you with thoughts of losing your father. How’s going back now going to be any different? Did you have an intervention I don’t know about?”

I massaged my forehead and let out a sigh.

“You’re right and you’re right!” I repeated. “But, I can’t let my father’s disappearance cripple me. It’s had enough of an effect on my life thus far, and I’m done with it. I need to move on.”

“And what about me,” she asked.

“You can always call me. You can always visit. I’ll visit too! We will keep in touch. It’ll be like I never left.” I stood to my feet. “I have to do this before I change my mind.” I grabbed my purse and scooped up the envelope. Santana looked pensive. There was something she wanted to say, but she held her tongue and waved me off, shooing me out of the cubicle. I reached out and hugged her. She didn’t respond, only held me with that scowl.

“How about I pay for your lunch today?” I smiled and shook my head like that would make things betters.

“And drinks,” she muttered.

“Yes!” I shouted, grateful to do anything that would satisfy her; if only temporarily, “Drinks, too.”

Santana rolled her eyes. “Go,” she said, giving me the green light. I squeezed her tight and marched off to Fredrick’s office with my shoulders back, and head held high. Now encouraged, I knocked twice and didn’t wait for a response before barging right in.

My footsteps slowed when my eyes landed on the man sitting in a visitor’s chair in front of Fredrick’s desk. Their eyes were drawn to me upon my entrance, and immediately I lost my train of thought.

“Just the person I was getting ready to call,” Fredrick said, dropping the phone back into the cradle. “Desiree, this is Julian Alexander Rose, international male model and owner of A Few Good Men male modeling agency. We were just discussing getting the first shots of his photo shoot slated for October 3rd in Dubai. He’s requested you to put together this piece. It’s essential that we cover this story, and I know you’ll do a great job.” Fredrick’s boastful smile was staunch. “Congratulations.”

I fixed my vision on Julian, and his dark gray eyes met mine. A sexy smile drew back his lips, and I was caught in his hypnotic stare. My legs weakened, and I almost went down. My hand flew out to brace myself on the empty chair that sat next to him. Julian moved; his strong arms circling my waist as he leaned into me.

“Careful,” his profound voice thumped. “We wouldn’t want you to hurt yourself.”

I got a whiff of his natural male scent mixed with a striking cologne that put my nerves on edge. My eyes dropped to his mouth, and I sucked in my bottom lip, as my tongue traced the shape of them. Fredrick cleared his throat, and I snapped out of my haze and removed myself from Julian’s grasp.

“What do you have there?” Fredrick asked eyeing me speculatively. I’d forgotten all about the envelope in my hand that held my resignation letter. This was my moment of truth. I was supposed to be brave and tell Fredrick he would have to find another reporter for his assignment. Besides, this wasn’t a part of my job description. I went after crooked politicians, restaurants that failed their inspections and covered the national news. I didn’t do photo shoots and write simple articles, even if it was with gorgeous men. But my boldness left the minute I stepped into the office and saw his beautiful face. I tucked the envelope underneath my arm and offered a flimsy smile.

“Oh this? Nothing. I was just coming to discuss a project I’d made headway on.” My gaze went to Julian then back to Fredrick.

“Whatever it is, give it to Ms. Summers. You’re officially on Julian’s assignment. Fredrick looked to Julian. “For the next few weeks, she’s all yours, Mr. Rose.”

Julian’s all-pervading gaze never left me. “Then consider me the luckiest man in the world,” he said.





Chapter Two





“Shall we get started?” Julian asked.

He held his hand out, again, pulling me close. The warmth of his palms trod across my skin, and I suppressed a tremor.

“I’ll show you to my desk.” My voice dropped, and instead of sounding like a professional journalist, I sounded like a smitten kitten. Mortified at the sound, I shut my lips tight and fought to calm my racing heart.

“I thought maybe we could discuss the specifics over lunch,” he drawled.

“Lunch?”

That tantalizing smile of his was back. “Yes, lunch. Unless of course, you have other plans?”

“She doesn’t have any plans,” Fredrick interjected.

I whipped around. “Yes I do.”

Fredrick shook his head. “No, you don’t.”

It was matter of fact. I pursed my lips together. As much as I wanted to put up a fight just to show Fredrick that he could kiss my whole ass, I stole another glance at Julian and thought better of it. Turning back to him I said, “I guess I don’t.”

He pulled his bottom lip between his teeth and offered a sexy grin. “After you.”

I took one step to make sure my balance was in order before strutting off. I opened the door and stepped out colliding with Santana. She looked to be on pins and needles as she fidgeted with her fingers.

“How’d it go? It was really quiet I couldn’t hear anything.”

Julian moved behind me, and I could feel his towering height against my back. I closed my eyes briefly and held a moan in check. Santana brightened at the sight of him, and she took a step back.

“I, um, didn’t get a chance to tell him.”

Her brows banged together. “What happened?”

“I’ve got another assignment.”

She didn’t respond right away, probably deciding that this was a conversation for a later time since we were standing in the boss’s doorway.

“We’ll talk about it at lunch,” Santana said.

I held my hand out to her. “About that…”





God this is the last place I needed to be. I glanced around the large Hilton Hotel suite admiring the elegance of its interior. Sitting in a luxurious leather Barcelona chair, I pulled my leg up crossing it over my thigh and settled into the comfort of the soft material. Bringing my focus back to Julian, my limb bounced as I waited for him to answer my question.

His dark gray eyes stilled as he followed the spring of my leg, and I hoped I was making him as uncomfortable as he made me. I had many talks with myself on the drive over, once I found out lunch would be in his suite, my belly tossed. Suddenly, I was as warm as an oven. But, I managed not to stare at his smooth-shaven face no matter how bad his enticing mouth beckoned me to.

Straightening a bit in my seat, I reverted to my question. “I’ll take that as a no.”

Finally, his gaze left my legs and came back to my face; but not without riding the swell of my thighs, breasts, and lips first. I made it a point not to squirm at the ripple of chills crawling up my skin.

“No, it’s not a coincidence that I’m in Houston. Mr. Walls has been on my radar for a few years now, wanting to get first dibs on a spread.”

Mr. Walls being my boss, Fredrick Walls the third. “So, what made you finally give in?”

His fingers coiled together and sat in a fist on top of the table as he leaned in. “Let’s just say, I’ve been given a little motivation to help Mr. Walls out.”

I wanted to question him further, but didn’t want to push the bounds of the professional space we were working in. He offered no more explanation, so I didn’t press him about his sudden appearance in my city.

“Is there a problem, Ms. Stevens?”

“Not at all,” I adjusted myself in the seat. “It’s just the last time I saw you was at Jaden and Claudia’s engagement dinner in Chicago. It seems,” I hesitated wondering if I should move forward with my thought.

“You’re free to speak, Ms. Stevens. Tell me, what does my appearance here in Houston seem to you?”

Exhaling lightly, I reached over to my briefcase and pulled out a note pad and ink pen.

“I’m good,” I said. “How about you tell me where the idea of shooting a spread in Dubai resonated from.”

His eyes fell to my notepad then back to my face. “Are you sure that’s what you want to know, Ms. Stevens?”

“Julian…” I said. He quirked an eyebrow. “It’s okay if I call you Julian, right?”

“I would prefer it.”

“You don’t have to call me Ms. Stevens. We’ve been on a casual name basis since I saw you sitting next to my mother in her hospital room.”

A wide grin trudged across his lips. “I wasn’t sure if it would be apropos in this particular situation. However, if you’re fine with it, so am I.”

“I’m fine with it,” I quipped. I’m fine with whatever you want, I thought. When Julian pulled his lip in with his teeth, I wondered if it was for the same reason that I did - to hold back the urge to jump his bones right here and now.

“Are you seeing someone, Desiree?”

The question caught me off guard. “I, um, no. You do mean as in am I dating someone?” I couldn’t believe I was stuttering like a buffoon. To make matters worse, my unease amused him as his lips held a shadow of a smile.

“Yes, that’s what I mean.”

“I’m dating, but nothing serious at the moment.”

So I told a small fib. I didn’t want Julian to think I had no takers. The gentle smile left, and his face became expressionless. I wondered where his mind went, then decided to play it safe and get back to business. Any more of his invasive stare and we’d use this room to do what it was meant for. I know I sound like a horny teenager, but I’d never been affected by another human being the way Julian affected me.

It felt dangerous and roguish like I could marry him now and live happily ever after. Some people might call that love at first sight, but I thought it was downright looney. I wouldn’t try and explain the temerarious emotions that assaulted me. I’d just do what I do best. Ignore them. My only concern was if I could withstand a trip to Dubai with him and not give in to those carnal inhibitions. One thing was for sure; I needed a drink.

“So, about my earlier question. What gave you the idea of shooting a spread in Dubai?”

“Dubai is one of the most beautiful cities in the world, and I’ve had the pleasure of meeting the Prime Minister. He’s invited A Few Good Men to model a catalog for their top modeling agency and when the Prime Minister calls, you answer.”

“I see.” My cell phone rang, and we both pulled out our phones to check the screen. I silenced it then placed it back in my briefcase.

“Is that one of your dates?” Julian asked abruptly.

Again, he took me by surprise with his query. “Why do you want to know?”

“The same reason I want to know why you moved to Houston and what’s keeping you here.” I raised a questionable brow. “You intrigue me, Desiree. Do you know why that is?”

I honestly had no idea. I was just about as interesting as a singing frog. The doorbell rang, saving me momentarily. Julian rose to his feet and strolled to the door. I couldn’t help myself from undressing him with my eyes, and I wondered if he did the same to me. Julian allowed what I assumed was room service to enter with silver trays adorned with food.

“Desiree, this is Lawrence, my personal chef. He’s endured long days and nights of me shuffling him around from city to city, and I wouldn’t give him up for the world.”

“Oh sir, you’re too kind. I don’t mind being shuffled at all. Seeing the world while cooking your favorite dishes, who could have a problem with that, eh?”

I smiled and shook my head in agreement. “I’m with you there. What do you have for us Lawrence? If you don’t mind me asking.”

“Oh no, no, not at all.” Lawrence removed one of the silver tray tops and steam fled from the dish.

“Mmmm, that smells delightful.”

Lawrence smiled bright. “It’s shrimp fettuccini and crab cake with a side of fresh Caesar salad. Would you mind if I made you a plate?”

“I would feel exiled if you didn’t. I didn’t realize how hungry I was until you mentioned it.”

Julian and Lawrence chuckled. He fixed our plates, poured glasses of wine, then saw himself out.

“I don’t know if I should be drinking in the middle of the day,” I said. I was being modest. I favored white wine, probably more than I should have.

“You’re more than welcome to have something else. Water, lemonade, sweet tea?”

“No it’s fine, I’m beginning to feel bossy.”

“It would be my pleasure to serve you, Desiree.”

A spark of heat crawled up the middle of my back and spread over my shoulders. If the hungry gaze in his eyes was an indication that Julian wanted me and not the food, I wasn’t sure how long being able to hold out would work. Then I had a thought. Why was I holding out? I hadn’t had sex in years; since that last mistake I dated. But deep inside, I knew what it was. I didn’t want to seem easy with him. For whatever reason, I wanted to make a good impression on Julian. I was still trying to figure out why I cared.

“I’ll take sweet tea,” I said.

He made his way to the connecting kitchen giving me an extensive look at his broad back. I picked up my wine glass and took a sip anyway, but quickly put it down when the sweet alcohol raced down my throat causing more heat to stream inside me. Wrong move, I thought pushing the glass to the side. The last thing I needed was heat.

When Julian returned, he noticed the purple lip stain on the glass and smirked but did not comment.

“You know what, on second thought…” I lifted the glass and took a bigger sip then chased my lips. “Tell me, Julian, why’d you want to know if I’m dating anyone?”

He sat down getting comfortable at the table in front of me.

“Because Desiree,” he said. “I have plans for you.”





Chapter Three





I couldn’t help the smile that spread across my face. I’m sure it was unprofessional and naughty by nature. Nevertheless, there it was; bold and daring. My reaction must have pleased Julian because his lips also spread, showing off a set of beautiful white teeth. I thought about my response before letting words fly out of my mouth. I uncrossed my legs and shifted in my seat crossing the opposite leg. His eyes followed my motion and I tried not to squirm.

“What are these plans, Julian?”

“To be quite frank, Desiree, you’ll be touring with me overseas for several weeks. You’ll accompany me in just about every aspect of the day. I don’t know a man who would be willing to allow his lady to be escorted around town, never mind across the country with another man.

The thought of being connected to Julian’s side for weeks teased me. That voice in the back of my head was a constant haunting; telling me I would never go that long without stepping across the professional lines. But I was set to prove it wrong; even if I lay in bed at night with wet dreams dancing through my head. There must have been a number of women in line to be at Julian’s request. I wouldn’t make myself one of them. But inwardly, I was a bit disappointed that his inquiry wasn’t for other reasons.

“I’m not seeing anybody steady, but if I was, I’m almost certain, Fredrick would pay my boyfriend to chill out and let me go anyway.”

A sexy rumble fled from him, and his massive manicured fingers reached for the glass of water sitting on the table top. Julian’s watchful gaze stayed with me as he sipped, and I envied the water that wet his tongue before it swiped his mouth.

“I take it that you don’t care for your boss very much.”

I was cautious with my words. “He’s alright.” I shrugged.

A hearty laughed escaped Julian. “I like your honesty.”

“Hey, if this relationship is going to work we need honesty, don’t we?” I thought about my statement and corrected myself. “Our working relationship, I mean.”



“Every relationship needs honesty, albeit professional or not.”

“I agree.”

Our gazes held then Julian spoke again.

“Do you have a passport, Desiree?”

“Do I need one?”

“It would be accommodating if you did, but if you don’t, we can claim a visitor visa.”

“I have one, but I’m not sure if it’s expired since I haven’t had the chance to use it.”

“So, you haven’t been out of the country before?”

“Going with you will be my first.”

An easy smile registered on him. “Hopefully there will be many more firsts with me, Desiree.”

The atmosphere around us fused. It was as if someone lit a match and tossed it on a grill. Normally, I was pretty outspoken, but whatever this was with Julian felt like uncharted territory.

Our conversation mellowed out as we ate our lunch, only speaking a few words here and there. I stole glances his way only to find him intently watching me. I offered up a cozy smile.

“Why are you watching me eat?”

He sat back in his chair. “You make it look like art.”

Laughter tickled down my throat. “I make eating look like art?”

“Mmhmm.”

“Are you serious?”

“You can always take me at my word Bella.”

I nodded as butterflies churned in my belly at his flattery. “I’ll make sure to remember that.”

I continued to eat, and his heavy gaze lingered. Making a show of it, I moaned with each bite accentuating the tones in my voice as I pulled the food off of the utensil seductively. Following up with a laugh, I glanced to Julian and found that his pupils had darkened and his face grew devilishly exotic.

I swallowed my food and attempted to get back on course.

“Do I need any special vaccines to travel to Dubai?”

Julian reached for his glass, this time wolfing down the rest of the H2O. I watched his broad chest rise and fall as if he lost his breath while I awaited his response.

“There are no vaccinations required. However, you should make an appointment with your doctor to discuss anything she or he may think is important for you to have.”

I grabbed a napkin and dabbed at my lips then sat back in my chair.

“I would like to recommend vaccinations for Hepatitis A and B since there’s a small percentage of the population that are carriers.”

I tipped my head. “Duly noted.”

“Do you take any medications, Desiree? Are you allergic to anything? Is there something I need to be aware of?”

“No,” I said. “No medication, no allergies, no pre-existing conditions.” I uncrossed and re-crossed my other leg, and it was bouncing again. “Do you need my blood type and medical records to confirm?” I was deathly serious. I needed to be mindful if there was anything else that needed to be put in place for this trip.

Julian smirked. “I’d only request such documents from the woman that’s set to bear my children. Are you going to bear my children, Desiree?”

My eyes widened as a trail of chills nestled up my collar just behind my ears. The fine hairs on my neck sat up straight, and my nipples hardened almost painfully. I recovered swiftly, deciding that if Julian wanted to play games, I would play along.

“Hmmm,” I said sitting forward in my chair to take in his handsome face. “I do like the dimples. I can see little dimples in my baby boy’s cheeks, maybe my girl’s.” I moved out of my chair sauntering towards him. “I like your hair, too.” My fingers trailed through his waves laying a soft caress over the top of his head. “Your skin isn’t oily or dry.” My hands left his head and trailed down his neck, as I bent to scrutinize his skin. “You would make an excellent—ah!” I yelled as his strong hands sealed around my waist and my feet left the ground. Within seconds I was sitting on his lap.

“If I were you, Desiree,” his dark voice beat through my spirit and my heart rocked against my breastbone. “I would be careful when touching me.”

My eyes rose, and my breath hitched as my pulse knocked wildly all over my body. Julian’s grip around my waist loosened and his hand dropped to my thigh before waving down the skirt I wore. We were too close, and I didn’t trust myself, but I continued down that risky path.

“I guess sitting in your lap like this, doesn’t bother you as much?” I wiggled a bit and watched his lids falter. Julian pulled his bottom lip through his teeth, and suddenly I felt a throbbing stab against my bottom. I jumped; almost out of his lap when it surprised me.

“You play very dangerous games, Desiree.”

“I only play the hand I’m dealt.”

Julian grabbed me again, lifting me to settle on my feet as he rose to his. Towering over me, he licked his lips, and my eyes were stuck on his mouth.

“You’re right. I started it with that comment about bearing my children.”

I dipped my head in agreement.

“Should I finish it?” He asked. A glimmer fled through his eyes, and we were separated by a mere inch.

I took a half a step toward him before I realized what I’d done. My breasts brushed against his chest and then his mouth was on mine. Our lips sealed together soft and slow. Then, I felt his palm move against the skin of my neck into the strands of my hair pressurizing our closeness. In erotic pleasure, his tongue pushed apart my lips to enter my mouth, and I let him pull me deeper.

Right then and there we sailed on a ride to the heavens. I’d never kissed a brother so sensual; not even with my ex, Cameron, who I’d been in a relationship with for three years of my stay in Houston. A fire raged in my core that melted me instantly. The chills that were never-ending danced across my flesh, and I was desperate to separate from my clothes. His mouth tasted like peppermint mixed with cinnamon, and the sweet and spicy flavor only ballooned the fire within me.

I don’t know when I moaned but it cruised from my throat and his grip tightened. I felt another hand on my waist before I was completely flushed against the length of his body. My arms circled his neck, and his erection bobbed against my navel. I gasped at its prodding and lifted my mouth from his to take in some air. I needed to pull away, but there was nothing that coaxed me into it. Instead, I shut my eyes as his soft lips pushed against my chin and down the side of my throat. I was breathing so rapidly I almost lost my breath. Another moan came from me, and I was seconds from kicking off my heels.

Careful…

The voice was back. It would wait until I felt deliciously sated before rearing its ugly head. I could do this. Pull away, Desiree. You are worth more than an easy one-night stand. His brawny hands explored my backside, filling his palms with my voluptuous derriere.

“Oh…” I moaned again, trying to find the strength to pull apart from him. It wasn’t working too well. My arms fell down his chest, and my fingers opened, my palms now flat against him. “We should probably slow down.” I didn’t even recognize my voice. I pushed softly against the firm pecs in his expansive chest, and they flexed underneath my hands. The movement made me quiver and the throb between my legs thumped harder. I stepped out of his arms and turned my face from his, needing to calm my raging hormones.

Julian reached out to tug my elbow. “Are you okay Desiree?” His voice was so thick and husky it further revved up my engine.

I turned to him with a receding smile. “I’m fine… I just need to, um, get myself together. Do you have a restroom?”

“Around this corner straight ahead,” he said.

I was positive he watched as I sashayed away. I could feel his feral gaze running a blaze up my body. Inside the bathroom, I leaned over the sink with my hands pressed against the cold mounted marble top. Turning the faucet on I glanced at the mirror. My image told a story on its’ own. My hair was slightly ruffled, and my lips were partly swollen from the intensity of our kiss.

“Shit,” I cursed.

There was no way I’d make it two weeks with him without jumping his bones. His response to my risky behavior confirmed what I wanted to know. He was just as turned on as I was. I washed my hands and finger combed my hair, attempting to pull myself together. My hands shuffled around my satin blouse and maxi skirt as I worked to make myself more presentable and professional.

Consider professional bounds crossed…

Yeah, that was true, but I still needed to try, didn’t I? There was a mild knock at the door in a rhythm of three’s. I almost jumped out of my skin. My hand flew to open the door to find Julian’s tall incredibly striking and all male persona standing with his hands in his pockets. His stare bore into me before he spoke.

“Are you sure you’re okay?”

“Yes.”

I turned off the faucet and stepped out of the bathroom but didn’t glide any closer, making it a point to keep an opening between us.

“Should I apologize,” he asked.

I offered him a warm smile. “No,” I said, “not at all.”

“That’s good to hear because fortunately, I don’t regret it.”

We watched each other keenly before I spoke up. “Maybe we should resume this later in the week perhaps, say Wednesday?” It was Monday, and I needed at least a day to shake off this heaviness that saturated me.

“Wednesday?” Julian mulled it over. “Same time?”

“Yes, same time.”

“I’ll take you back to the Houston Report.”

“Oh no!”

I didn’t mean to yell, but I couldn’t possibly endure a car ride with him. Such proximity at this point wasn’t ideal if I wanted to stay off of his lap, if you know what I mean.

His brows rose in surprise. “How else will you get there?”

“I’ll catch a taxi.”

Julian was shaking his head no before I completed my sentence.

“I brought you here; I’ll take you back.”

“That’s really not necessary.”

“Look, you’ll learn soon enough,” he took slow steps towards me, and I begged my feet to move back, but they didn’t. “I’m not the type of guy you may be used to. With that being said, I won’t allow you to take a taxi… ever.”

His beautiful eyes pierced me, and I acquiesced. It was interesting that I considered myself this independent woman who didn’t take orders too kindly, but for whatever reason, his command I wanted to obey without hesitation.

“Okay,” I said, “Let’s go.”





Chapter Four





“So that explains why you dumped me for lunch.”

The smile I held stretched my face to the point that I covered my mouth and laughed. It was 8:46 pm and I was trying to get back into Santana’s good graces by treating her to dinner. The pizzeria we sat in was busy for a Monday night. I supposed the patrons were trying to get over the day just the same as we were.

“I didn’t dump you for lunch.”

At the unassured look on Santana’s face, I cajoled, “I promise!”

“Somehow,” she said, “I don’t think you put up a fight.”

“But, you don’t know because you weren’t there.”

My stomach growled as a waiter passed by us to deliver pizza at a nearby table. The smells of freshly baked bread, mozzarella cheese, and savory, ripe tomato sauce filled my nose. College jocks cheered and whistled when the waitress arrived at their destination. Santana turned to their ranting, and a few of them sent winks and blew kisses our way. She smiled demurely then turned back to me.

“I’m about ready to go over there and flirt with them if I can get a slice of pizza. Wonder what’s taking them so long with our order. Didn’t we sit down at the same time?”

I nodded as my eyes lingered on the steam that rose from their piping hot dish. “Yes,” I said, “We did.”

“Don’t try and change the subject,” Santana berated.

“How am I trying to change the subject when you’re the one who changed the subject!”

A smile formed at the corner of her mouth and she leaned forward. “What exactly did Fredrick say?” Before I could answer, she held a finger in the air and shook it. “I want details. No, he made me do it speeches, either.” She peered at me with untrustworthy eyes.

“Well, he did,” I shrugged. Santana glared. “Okay, you want details. It seems that Julian Alexander Rose—”

She interrupted. “That’s the guy whose brother is engaged to your sister, right?”

“Yes, that would be him,” I said. “For whatever reason, he decided that now was the time to give Fredrick the exclusive first look at a photo spread he’s modeling in Dubai, and he’s personally asked that I write the story.”

Her mouth fell open. “So, you’ll be traveling to Dubai with that gorgeous hunk of a man?”

“Apparently.”

“Oh, you’ve gotta be more excited than that.”

“Why should I be?”

She smirked at me and ignored my question. “Continue,” Santana quipped.

“Julian asked me if I had plans for lunch and I told him, yes, but Fredrick made it a point to say I didn’t so we ended up…” My sentence trailed off.

“You ended up what?”

I shifted in my seat. I had a feeling Santana was going to accuse me of being a harlot once I told her how our afternoon turned out.

“Don’t get quiet now,” she chirped.

“We ended up in his hotel suite.”

Santana’s eyes popped.

“It’s not what you think. I didn’t know we were going there, but by the time I questioned Julian, we had arrived.”

“So?”

“So what?”

Santana made an exasperating attempt at rolling her eyes.

“What happened?”

“Nothing.”

My eyes left her to wander around the restaurant. “Where is that pizza,” I whispered almost to myself.

“Desiree!”

My eyes snapped back to her. “Hmm?”

“Did you sleep with him?”

This time my mouth fell open. “Of course not!” I screeched glancing around to see if anyone heard her. “Why would you think I would do something like that? Show’s what you think of me.” I folded my arms and poked my lips out like a sulking child.

“Oh don’t give me that. Julian is the same man you talked about nonstop for a full week after returning from Chicago. And, might I add, he’s the hottest guy I’ve ever seen.”

A smiled ushered to my lips, and a giggle tickled from my throat.

“He is pretty hot,” I said. “But looks can be deceiving.”

Santana nodded just as a different waitress approached with our pizza.

“Thank God!” She reached for a slice and the steam rising from the dish fogged her glasses.

“I’m so sorry, ma’am. Your pizza was ready fifteen minutes ago, but it slipped and hit the floor, so we had to make another one. We normally don’t take as long; please accept our apologies. This one is on the house.”

“Thank you,” I said. Santana and I dug in immediately. But, as soon as the warm layer of melted cheese hit our tongues, we both yelped and laughed. I sent a cool breeze over the top of my slice in an attempt to cool off the simmering sauce.

“Mmmm,” Santana moaned, “This is good, burned tongue and all.”

I snickered as I continued to blow on my slice. After a few bites, Santana prodded me to go on with my afternoon story. I gave her a few details; purposely omitting the fact that I’d almost thrown myself at him because my neglected sex life needed the healing I knew he could give.

“Wow,” Santana said. “Sounds like a delightful afternoon.”

I nodded again as no words came from my mouth. My thoughts traveled to Julian’s lips and the tight grip he held me in as I sat stupefied in his lap. The scent of his cologne mixed with his natural aroma assaulting my nose as if he sat before me now. His thick eyelashes and strong nose was the only thing I could see at the moment.

Santana’s arm reached out to me, her fingers snapping. “Earth to Desiree.”

“Hmm?” I blinked coming back to the restaurant and it’s tantalizing smells of rich pizza.

“Girl, you’ve got it bad.”

“What are you talking about?”

Santana shook her head slowly. “It’s too late. You can’t pretend you’re not attracted to him. I caught you daydreaming.”

I wanted to put up a fight and simply suggest that she was crazy. But I wasn’t fooling her, no more than I was fooling myself. I shrugged. “What can I say, I’m in lust.”

We both giggled and ate a few more slices of pizza.

“So what does this mean for your position at the Report? Are you still thinking of moving back to Chicago, or are you staying here with me?” Santana perked up laying it on heavy by batting her eyes, hoping it would entice me to stay.

“I’m not only thinking about it, I’m still going to move back. The only difference is, reporting on this story will build my brand. That way when I apply for a position in Chicago, it will look great on my resume. I shouldn’t have too hard a time getting a prominent spot.”

Santana’s lips twisted slightly. “With all the work you’ve done, you don’t need one story to seal the deal for you at any newspaper. They’d all be lucky to snag a reporter like you.”

I perked up. “Aww thanks, Santana.”

“I’m serious. I’m not saying it to boost your ego.”

“That’s good to know.”

“I was thinking,” Santana paused, and I evaluated her.

“What?” I asked.

“What do you think about me possibly moving to Chicago with you?”

My brows rose then I frowned. “No way, I couldn’t ask you to do that. Everyone you know is here in Houston.”

“First, you wouldn’t be asking me to do anything and secondly, I would love to venture out and see what another city has to offer. Besides, I would know you.” She wiggled her brows.

I sat back in my seat. “You’re serious.”

At the dumbfounded look on my face, Santana folded her arms across her chest. “Of course, I am. Just tell me now if you don’t want me to go.”

“No, of course, I would love for you to be there! That would be awesome! I just don’t want you to commit to something you haven’t given much thought to. I would feel responsible for your misery.”

She laughed. “I hardly doubt I’d be miserable.”

“If this is something you would really like to do, then you could stay with me and my mother until you found your own space.”

She perked up again and squealed.

“But I have to forewarn you. My mother can be something like a pistol.”

She laughed. “Hopefully I’ll be her favorite.”

“I don’t know about all that.”

Santana laughed again. “So, it’s official then.”

“Is it?”

She gave me a begrudging look.

“Okay then,” I said. “It’s official.”

This time we both squealed.

“What’s your next step with your assignment?”

“I have an appointment to see my doctor tomorrow. It was a blessing to even get one so quickly, but I told him it was an emergency.”

“Oh my goodness, he’s going to think you’ve got rabies or something.”

We both snickered.

“He’ll find out shortly that I don’t. However, when I get home I need to pull out my dusty passport and see if it’s any good.”

“How long have you had it?”

“Feels like about eight years now, give or take.”

“I think you get ten years before it expires.”

“Either way, Julian says if it is expired we can grab a visitor’s visa.”

“Seems he has everything covered. Almost as if this was premeditated.”

I quirked up a brow and stared at her. “What do you mean?”

“Suddenly, out of nowhere, this man decides to give Fredrick an exclusive look? And at the last minute no doubt. You’ve got a week to get yourself together. Who plans a trip at the last minute like that?” She answered her own question, “Seemingly, he does.”

“I don’t see your point.”

“Clearly. No one is beating down the door at the Houston Report to offer exclusives. Then, on top of that, he’s required you to write this exclusive?”

“He didn’t require me, per say.”

“Oh, girl! Now you’re just messing with me.”

“So you think he did it to what?”

“He has the hots for you just like you’ve got the hots for him.”

My phone dinged. I reached into my bag and pulled it out exhaling a heavy sigh.

“Who’s that?” Santana asked.

I groaned. “Fredrick.”





Chapter Five





Fredrick had been calling my phone on and off all night, but I ignored him like the plague. Just because he was my boss didn’t warrant him the rights to disturb me after hours. I knew what he wanted; to make sure, I hadn’t screwed up the meeting with Julian. I wondered for a moment if Fredrick called Julian like he called me. But after thinking about it a bit more, I reasoned he wouldn’t harass him, for fear of losing the account. Getting out of the shower, I wiped the condensation from the mirror and blotted the towel across my skin. It was Tuesday morning, and I set out to make my doctor’s appointment. Since this trip was last minute, I begged my hairstylist to squeeze me in today at noon. It gave me ample time to sit in Dr. Bradshaw’s office, even if it was busy.

I lotion my legs and dressed quickly while I tried not to step on Jasper my Pomeranian. It made sense for me to wear something that would be easy to remove being that this physical would mean getting fully undressed. I chose a simple sundress that accentuated my breasts holding them firmly upright. A belted buckle sat around my waist and the thin material flared over my thighs coming to a halt right above my knees.

I pulled the pin from my hair, and my strands relaxed falling down my back. Although I kept my hair neat and styled with a personal touch, having my stylist dress my hair always gave it an extra bounce. At the door, Jasper wagged his tail and barked. I crouched down to rub his soft fur.

“Be a good boy. I’ll be back soon,” I quipped.

When I stepped outside, a brisk breeze of cool air whipped around me. The winter’s winds hadn’t exactly turned into spring, and I was in denial. I loved springtime, but January, February, and March had been brutally cold. Now the confused climate tried to invade April with its unruly weather. Winter just reminded me how alone I was, but I’d rather be alone any day than being with a lying, cheating scoundrel who didn’t know how to treat a woman. I rethought my dress and decided I couldn’t be late for my appointment. When my phone rang, I rolled my eyes. After last night, I put Fredrick’s number under a melodramatic scream tone; not one that screamed over and over, but one that was a long drawn out nightmare on Elm Street screech. I chuckled. It was perfectly suitable, considering.

“Yes sir,” I answered.

“Desiree, I’ve been calling you since last night. Haven’t you gotten my calls?”

We were on a first name basis. Weird right? Well after years of tidbits and getting on one another’s nerves, it seemed appropriate.

“You mean last night after hours? Unfortunately, I wasn’t available then. I am now. What can I do you for, Fredrick?”

I tried to keep my tone friendly. I didn’t want a bow out knockout match any more than Fredrick probably did.

“You didn’t check in after your meeting with Mr. Rose yesterday.”

“I wasn’t aware I needed to check in.”

The phone went silent, and I checked the screen to see if the call was still connected.

“Fredrick,” I said.

“Desiree, whenever you have a meeting with this account, I need you to check in. I need a play-by-play of what’s going on. You leave in four days, and I want to make sure you have everything you need.”

I smirked. “I could use the company card. I’ll more than likely need it since I’ll be in Dubai for longer than a week.”

“Mr. Rose is taking care of all your accommodations,” he quickly added.

I pulled into Dr. Bradshaw’s office parking lot and cut the engine. “You don’t expect to me turn to Jul—Mr. Rose for all my needs, do you?”

I could hear him exhaling now, no doubt turning red at the thought of me spending lavishly with the company card across seas.

“You’ll have a daily spending limit so don’t go over it. But I implore you to ask Mr. Rose what his accommodations cover before spending anything.”

I rolled my eyes so hard they almost got stuck in the back of my head. “Okay.”

“Now tell me, how did the meeting go?”

Images of Julian’s lips seared against mine made me squirm in the driver’s seat. I tried and failed to remove the sensual images. I must have taken too long to answer because Fredrick started barking.

“Desiree!”

Annoyed by his interruption of my pleasant thoughts, my jaw tightened. “Everything went fine, Fredrick. I asked a few questions, took some notes, we had lunch. It was very easy going. Now, I’m on my way into the doctor’s office so I can find out if I need any vaccinations and get Dr. Bradshaw’s recommendations. After that, I plan to touch basis with Mr. Rose to see if I’ll need anything specific for the trip. I checked my passport last night. It hasn’t expired, and as long as Dr. Bradshaw says everything’s a go, then we can get on with it. How’s that?”

“Thank you,” he huffed. “And I’m sure Dr. Bradshaw won’t have any objections, so that’s nothing to worry about.”

I rolled my eyes again. Did he seriously expect me to check in with details of our daily account like this? My hands tightened on the steering wheel, and I leaned into it pretending to bang my head against the hard metal.

“Let me know how that conversation goes,” he said.

“Do you want me to give you updates on every detail?”

“Yes. Is there a problem?”

I held back my tongue before speaking. “I’ll update you, but every detail won’t be possible if I am to write a good story. That’s what you want more than anything, right, a good story?”

Fredrick went silent again.

“Hello?”

“I want a great story, Desiree. I also want details. Find a way to do them both. I’ve got an incoming call. I’ll talk to you later. And answer your phone!”

The call dropped, and it was all I could do to keep from screaming. Why was I doing this to myself? I thought about the resignation letter. There was still plenty of time to hand it over. I mean, I hadn’t officially taken this assignment. It was forced on me.

Yeah, like you don’t want it.

I sighed and opened the door leaving the confines of my vehicle to head into see Dr. Bradshaw. Three and a half hours later, I came flying out shuffling my way to the Honda Accord that was the only vehicle left in the lot. I had thirty minutes to get across town, and Laney, my hairstylist, had already called to make sure I’d be there. Lord have mercy if I missed this appointment I wouldn’t be able to get another one for three weeks, and that just wouldn’t do.

On my way, I thought about resigning again. I could just tell Julian the truth. The position at the Houston Report didn’t have my best interest at heart and yesterday when I barged in; it was to end my career there.

But then what excuse would you use to see him again?

From the moment I set eyes on Julian, getting to know him was something that interested me. But at what cost? I would just end up falling into my routine of backing away when I felt we were getting too close. So what was the point? Going back and forth over these ideas made me hungry, but I had no time to stop and eat. Deciding to go through with the torture of relaying our every move to Fredrick, I pressed forward pulling into the parking lot of the salon five minutes late. The doorbell chimed as I sprang through.

“I’m here!” I said practically out of breath.

Laney checked her watch. “You’re late.”

“I know, but I’ve got a good excuse.”

“If you take the time to tell me, you’ll be even later, get over here in this chair before I move on to my next client. Besides,” Laney nodded at a young woman sitting idle in a chair against the wall. “Natasha would love to take your spot.”

“Sure would,” Natasha said, “and wouldn’t give it two thoughts.”

The other ladies in the salon chuckled as I made my way to Laney plopping down in the chair.

“Sorry Natasha, maybe next time,” I said.

“Un huh,” was her response.

I held my head back taking a closer look at Laney. “I love the pixie haircut on you,” I told her, “brings out the angles in your face.”

She twisted her lips in a small smile. “I’m doing your hair, you don’t have to butter me up.”

I threw my hand over my chest. “I wouldn’t dare.”

She shook her head. “What do you want today? It doesn’t seem like your hair needs to be relaxed. Your roots are healthy.” She dug her fingers into my scalp, and the little massage made my eyes close. Instantly I imagined Julian pulling my hair to whisper something naughty in my ear.

“Desiree.”

“Hmm?” I opened my eyes.

“What do you want done today honey, time is of the essence.”

“Oh sorry.”

“What’s got you daydreaming today?”

“Oh, nothing, just thinking about this latest assignment. Give me a wash and style. You know I like it when you give my hair that extra bump.”

Laney pulled the plastic cape around my neck and lowered the back of my seat to wash my hair in the sink.

“So what’s this latest assignment of yours?”

The warm water that washed over my scalp ran into my earlobe muffling the sound of Laney’s voice.

“It’s not breaking news; traveling to get exclusive photos from an international photo spread.”

“Sounds like fun.”

“I hope to have a little fun.”

“You should find enjoyment in everything you do. Life if short, honey. If I were in your shoes, I’d ask my boss to send me traveling all the time.”

“If only it were that easy.”

I closed my eyes again as Laney massaged my scalp, but that proved to be a mistake. It was bad enough Julian had been on my mind since leaving Chicago. Now, with this new development and after yesterday’s fiasco, getting him out of my head was difficult. I needed to go out, on a date or two. Maybe it would stop me from becoming too engrossed with thoughts of him. I smiled to myself as if I’d come up with the brightest idea in the world. Then, realized quickly, that I loathed men for the womanizers they were and scowled.

“What’s going on in that pretty little head of yours?” Laney asked.

“Uh? Oh, nothing in particular.”

“Sounds like you’re holding out,” Laney sang.

It was no secret that hair salons were the bed and breakfast of gossip shops for just about everything under the sun. But I didn’t plan on making what I was thinking or feeling about Julian known.

“Turn that TV up,” Natasha yelled.

The ladies sitting at the front desk elevated the volume, and a picture of Julian flashed across the screen as if I’d conjured him up by just a thought. The reporter held a bright smile as she spoke into the microphone.

“International male model and owner of A Few Good Men, Julian Alexander Rose was spotted in Houston today coming out of Dan’s barbeque on Jackson and Milling Street.”

The reporter switched gears rolling to footage they’d recorded moments ago. A video of Julian strolling from the front door to his Bentley Bentayga played across the screen.

“We caught up with Mr. Rose and he willingly gave us a moment of his time.”

The camera switched to the recorded interview.

“Good afternoon, Mr. Rose. I’m Milly Washington with WGTN. What brings you to Houston today?”

Julian slid one hand into his pocket and held the other out for a friendly shake.

“Good afternoon, Mrs. Washington. I’ve been here for a week now, visiting a friend.”

The timber in his voice sent chills through my spine. I resisted the urge to pull my hand up, and fanned myself as a layer of heat spread across my skin. He was just as beautiful if not more so than he was the day before. Dressed like a prep boy, Julian’s navy blue Brook Brother’s button down clung to his muscular arms and broad shoulders like it were made for him.

“He is so fine!” Natasha said.

“Sssh, I’m trying to hear what the man’s saying, girl,” her friend sitting next to her quipped.

“Could there be a budding romance with this friend?”

A slow grin spread across his amazing mouth.

“I’m working on it.”

He winked at the reporter and strolled away, offering a final wave as his long frame ducked off inside the car.

“You heard it first, Houston,” she said. “Some lucky lady has the attention of the one and only Mr. Julian Alexander Rose. Maybe sooner rather than later, we’ll find out who the lucky woman is. Back to you, Sherri.”



As much as I wanted to believe Julian was referring to me, nothing about his visit indicated such. We were working together. Besides some sexual chemistry, I wasn’t even sure Julian and I were friends. We’d been haphazardly thrown into the same world because his brother was marrying my sister. But he did come all this way to do an exclusive report with you. I invoked another image of Julian cutting his eyes at a beautiful woman dressed in some lingerie in the privacy of his suite. Exhaling a heavy sigh, I worked double-time to shuffle my thoughts.

Laney blow dried my hair and added a hot oil treatment. Just as I started to imagine Julian’s lips on mine, a melodramatic scream resonated from my phone and the familiar ringtone made me cringe. That was it. I was resigning tomorrow.





Chapter Six





“What did Dr. Bradshaw say?”

I exited the salon with my purse clutched underneath my arm in a rush to get some privacy before speaking to Fredrick. I’d ignored his call several times. I had no intention of having the conversation that needed to be had in front of Laney and the crew.

“Fredrick, I need to meet with you first thing in the morning.”

“What about?”

“About my career at the Houston Report.”

Fredrick fell silent. I let him take the time he needed to suck that in.

“Come by my office after lunch.”

I didn’t stop walking until I reached my Honda. The alarm chirped as I opened the door. Rearranging the phone, my movements paused as I caught wind of a familiar figure off in the distance. The cell phone slid from my ear as my hand gave way to the gravity holding it upright. I could hear Fredrick calling my name, but his voice sounded further and further away as I continued to stare off in disbelief at what I was seeing.

“Desiree…” came a voice behind me, one that I could never forget.

Casting a glance over my shoulder revealed another surprise. Today was just becoming stranger as the hour went on.

“I thought that was you,” he said.

I turned full circle, coming face to face with a man I thought I’d never see again. “Good afternoon Cameron. Long time.” My voice was even, revealing nothing although my nerves were now frazzled. A smile dashed across his handsome face and memories of late night dinners, movie dates, and heavy debates marched across my mind.

“Desiree!” My eyes snapped to the phone, and I pulled the device back to my ear.

“I’m sorry Fredrick, Im’ma have to call you back,” I said already hanging up.

“You’re on the phone, ah, I didn’t mean to interrupt you.”

Sure he didn’t.

His eyes roamed over me; an approving assessment. I studied him just the same, noting the new film of hair that clouded his jaw, trimming nicely around his face. His dark brown skin oozed out of his gray t-shirt and the toned arms I’d become accustomed to held a tighter bulge, giving me the impression that his days at the gym remained continuous.

“You’re just as beautiful as the first day I met you,” he said.

I folded my arms in a defiant stand. “You don’t look too bad yourself. What brings you to this side of town?”

He rubbed the stubble on his jaw. “I get my hair cut across the street now.” He pointed to the barbershop.

“What a coincidence it is that we’ve crossed paths,” I said wondering if he’d been stalking me.

“Or could it be something else,” he offered.

I arched a brow. “I’m not sure what else it could be.”

His dazzling smile was back. “I tried contacting you a few times, but your number isn’t the same.”

“And why exactly would you be contacting me, again?”

The grin slowly evaporated from his face. “Desiree, I know our relationship ended on a sour note, but I’d like the chance to redeem myself.”

I bit down on my teeth and stared at him, my thoughts; running a million miles a second. They say never to go backward, and Cameron’s betrayal made me inconsolable for weeks. It almost took therapy for me to get over him. I’d met Cameron in the second year of my stay in Houston. It was after I’d nailed my first newsworthy piece that ended up on the front pages of every major newspaper in Houston and even crossed headlines on CNN. I was elated, and my need to celebrate with someone special landed me right in Cameron’s lap. Although I can be headstrong at times, Cameron managed to breach my tough exterior. All it took was some wining and dining, and I thought I had a winner.

But I didn’t trust him completely. I was scared, still am. I knew deep down my father’s disappearance had everything to do with why I was single most of my adult life. But Cameron changed that. His smooth words and promises of forever clogged my mind. I’d given in and let down every defense I owned. Boy, was I a fool. Our relationship lasted blissfully for about two years. At least that’s what I thought. It was our third anniversary when my life changed dramatically. I was leaving his apartment on my way to work when a brunette in a Jeep Cherokee pulled to the curb as I strolled down his walkway.

I stopped walking as she exited her vehicle and approached.

“You must be Desiree,” she said.

“I’m sorry to say I don’t know who you are,” I was already feeling my gut tighten.

“I’m Gina. Could you tell our boyfriend to stop ignoring my calls? I need money to go shopping for our son.”

My eyes widened. “Our boyfriend? Your son?”

“That’s what I said.” She’d put her hand to her lips. “Oh, you didn’t know? We’re having a boy.” Tangela rubbed her protruding belly and bile rose in my throat. Before I had a chance to say anything, Cameron swung open the door storming out like a raging bull.

“You are crazy as hell coming to my house like this!”

“I told you I would, and you tried me. There’s no use keeping us a secret any longer. We’ve got a love child on the way, and I expect to be taken care of throughout the next eighteen years, Cameron!”

Their heated words and harsh expletives shot back and forth. As for me, I’d left this world, on a plane to the next galaxy. My life shattered, and I was seconds from a breakdown. I whipped around on Cameron, laying a firm palm across his face. Needless to say, he followed me all the way to the car, trying to explain and prove his innocence. But I knew it in my heart. Cameron was a lying, cheating, filthy excuse for a man, and even knowing all of this, I still stood there staring at him, wondering what our life would’ve been if that had never happened.

“A sour note is putting it mildly don’t you think,” I said.

“You never gave me the chance to defend myself.”

“Did you sleep with her?”

“Yes, but—”

“Then what’s there to defend?”

“Desiree,” he moved in closer and my arms tightened across my chest. “It was a mistake. It only happened once. She was never pregnant by me. Her tactics were just a lousy way to get you to leave me and get me to be with her.”

“Worked like a charm,” I said. I glanced at my watch. “I’ve gotta go, have a nice life, Cameron.”

I turned. “Desiree, wait.” A warm hand touched my shoulder halting my advancement. I kept my back to him as he spoke.

“Please, just give me a chance.” His arms circled my waist pulling me in slowly. “I miss you,” he said.

I shut my eyes and let out a breath. It was true; I missed him, too; more than I probably should. Could you fault a girl?

“Have dinner with me.”

My rebuttal wasn’t coming fast enough. I opened my eyes. “Why?”

He turned me to look at him. “I meant everything I said about wanting you in my life forever. That hasn’t changed. Your absence, if anything, has made me a better man. I don’t want to be without you girl. I don’t—”

I moved while I still had any ounce of willpower. “I’ve gotta go.” His grip tightened, and this time I turned to glare at him. His fingers loosened, and I tugged to free myself of his remaining latch. My legs felt like they were sinking as I closed the short distance to my car. With the door still open, I held on to it needing to support myself and get a grip. I cast another glance in the distance only to find an empty sidewalk and parking meter. The image of the familiar face I’d seen minutes before was gone. With my back to Cameron, I slid inside reaching out to close the door.

“I still love you.”

Instantly, I froze, my hand closed around my door handle. Cameron thought his words were pleasant. But they pulled every emotion I’d ever felt with him to the forefront. A flurry of happiness, love, sadness, and pain ricocheted through me. I dropped my hand and sat forward. Getting back out of the car, I marched back to him nostrils flaring.

“What do you want from me, Cameron?” His eyes softened, and he moved towards me. “Don’t touch me, okay!” I held my hands up. “You don’t get to walk back into my life after everything you put me through!”

“Baby,” he reached out, and I smacked him. I pivoted practically running back to my car. This time when I got in, I buckled my seatbelt and pulled off without sparing a look back.

Tears created a cloud in my vision. I shot down the street trying to get as far away from him as possible.

Focus.

Pulling out my cell, I scrolled through for Julian’s number and hit send. I wiped my eyes and thought about what I needed to do. It was time to end this assignment and look forward to what my future held.





Chapter Seven





When Julian answered the phone, his dark imposing voice strummed across my flesh like a commanding stroke.

“Julian,” I said my voice a bit more throaty than I’d expected. “Are you busy?”

“Not anymore,” he said. “How are you?”

“I’ve been better,” I paused then proceeded. “Listen, I won’t be handling this assignment anymore, and I thought it best for me to tell you first.”

“What happened?”

The concern in his voice was palpable.

“Where are you,” he asked.

“Headed home.”

“Let me come see you.”

Something inside me stirred. I hadn’t anticipated Julian’s response, and even if I did, this wouldn’t have been it.

“I’m passing you right now,” I said.

“Pull into the garage and park inside the private gate on the fifth floor.” He rattled off a few numbers to the code on the private entrance.

“Okay…”

I had absolutely no idea why my heart pounded, and my anticipation heightened upon entering the hotel garage. I tried to tell myself that I was just nervous about Julian taking the exclusive photos to a local competitor. But, I knew that wasn’t the case as soon as I parked and the private elevator doors opened. From behind my tinted glass, I watched in raptness as Julian stepped out; his long strides headed in my direction. My eyes traveled over him, completely turned on by the casual button down blue jean shirt with sleeves pulled past his powerful forearms. His black jeans sat against muscular thighs, and the strength in his walk spoke of male confidence and sheer determination. Within seconds he’d descended on me, reaching out to open my door. I was still stuck in a daze when he unsnapped my seatbelt, and his strong hands pulled me out of the car. Quickly, he shut the door and held me hostage between it.

Julian stood with his legs slightly apart, his feet planted around mine. His hands reached past my shoulders to rest against the Honda locking me in place. Dark eyes studied my face as I silently commanded my body not to react to his demanding presence. With as much strength as I could muster, I forced my eyes not to drop to his lips.

“Tell me,” his deep voice ordered, “What’s going on.”

I attempted to step back but the cold steel of the door informed me, I was as far from him as I could get. I looked away from his probing gaze and cleared my thoughts.

“When I came into Fredrick’s office yesterday, it was to resign. I no longer have the strength to keep up with his antics. I’ve had about all I can take.”

“Let me talk to him,” he said in a no-nonsense tone.

“That’s quite alright. It wouldn’t make my situation any better.”

“I can promise you it will.”

I smiled; it was the strangest thing too because suddenly the weariness I’d felt minutes before melted into nothingness.

“That’s very sweet of you, but…”

“I need you,” he said.

A flourish of heat poured over me. I went to speak then doubled back, the words I wanted to say stumbling on my tongue.

“I can’t use anyone else at the Report for this trip,” he continued.

“Santana can take my spot. You’ll love her.”

“I want you, Desiree.”

My heart was thundering now, and I couldn’t help but wonder if we were still talking about my presence on this trip or something else completely. Julian’s piercing gaze assessed me closer.

“That’s not all,” he determined. “There’s something else. Tell me.”

I was flustered at his thorough appraisal and fiery demand. Concerning eyes pulled me in like a supernatural power. He waited patiently for me to decide whether I wanted to talk about my crazy day, which I didn’t. Somehow, I figured having a conversation about Cameron with Julian wouldn’t be as supportive as if I’d been speaking with Santana.

“It’s nothing really, just having a really weird day.”

“Have you eaten?”

I thought for a second. “Actually, I haven’t.”

““I want you to tell me all about this weird day. Come with me.”

Julian’s massive hand covered my own as we left the parking garage for his suite. He punched in a sequence of numbers that he didn’t mind me seeing and the elevator doors opened.

“I really can’t stay long.”

He looked at me with inquisitive brows. “An urgent meeting?”

“No, I just need some time to sort things out.”

“You can do that here.”

I got the impression Julian maintained a take charge attitude and I wondered, for a moment, if any woman had been able to resist his imploration. I held back what I wanted to say and we rode the elevator in silence. When the doors opened, I stepped out and walked at his side to his room. Heat crawled up my back as I watched him eye me with no hidden implications.

I stopped short in front of the door, turning just slightly to allow him to enter his key and let us inside. But I was becoming more aware that Julian’s presence rattled me. I’m not just talking a little shaken up here. I’m talking core trembling, seep into my bones rattling. It wasn’t a secret that I found him attractive. Truth be told, I’d never seen anyone more beautiful. Like God created him on a canvas then breathed him into existence. He moved closer to me, taking his key from his pocket.

The cologne that sat on his skin was the same one he’d worn yesterday, and the same one he’d worn at Claudia and Jaden’s engagement party. And yes, I had the pleasure of smelling it on him at the hospital too when we’d first met. It was becoming my favorite fragrance. Out of nowhere, Julian’s fingers slid into my hair causing a mountain of dizzying heat to saturate my flesh. My eyes searched his as he observed me closer with those beautiful male eyes.

“Have I told you how gorgeous you are?”

My pulse thumped wildly, and I smiled coquettishly. “I just got here, so no, you haven’t.”

“I must have been thinking out loud then. I apologize.”

My smile remained. “You don’t have to apologize for that. It’s nothing to be sorry over.”

I couldn’t pull my eyes away from the intensity of his stare.

“I disagree. You should always be reminded just how beautiful you are. Daily,” Julian added.

He entered the key, and the lock clicked, allowing the door to swing open. However, I was still stuck in place staring at him as he stared at me.

“Would you like to go inside,” His thick voice offered.

I blinked and pulled my eyes towards the opened door. “Of course, yeah, sure,” I stumbled and groaned inwardly at my garbled words.

Upon entering, I marveled at the stylish suite; yet again remembering the red and silver colors that danced across the interior in a sharp presentation. I heard the lock click behind me and forced my mind to stay somewhat level-headed.

“I’ve wanted to ask this since yesterday,” I said. “Did you have this place decorated?”

“Yes.”

My brows rose in surprise, and he chuckled.

“As you could imagine, there’s a full team of people with me most of the time. Because I move around so often, they follow, even if I don’t need them. If I’m going to be in one place for a week or longer, my designer will come in before I do and make the place my own temporarily. I’m not the favorite color type of guy, but I own more red and silver linens than anything. And since I don’t have time to oversee the interior design I let her have her way.”

“Interesting,” I said.

“You can have a seat here.”

Julian pulled out a chair at the dining table, and I sashayed toward him. I could never get enough of his sharp perusal, but I prayed I wouldn’t trip over my own two feet while he watched me intensely. I sat down as he adjusted the chair underneath me.

“Would you like something to drink, wine perhaps?”

“Sure.”

Four glasses and three hours later Julian and I sat laughing about his childhood upbringing in a household of brothers and sisters.

“I thought I knew which one was which, but surprisingly, I couldn’t tell my own sisters apart. They’d switched up on me so many times I finally started to call them all the same name.”

“It couldn’t have been easy having triplets running around, although I’m sure they all have their distinct traits. How did they feel about you calling them by one name?”

Julian smirked. “They hated it. But the joke was on them now. Playing mind games with us was all good until we started playing them back. Every day, I’d call them all Eden.”

“Oh, my goodness,” I giggled.

“Jasmine and Phoebe wouldn’t talk to me for days at a time; often running to my father to cry about it.”

“I’m sure your parents were tired of you messing with them if it was as often as you say.”

Something in his features darkened almost like a grimace.

“Unfortunately, my mother passed away while they were still newborns. I’ve felt the need to protect them, and I also didn’t want to give my father a hard time so I eased up on them.” His gaze left me.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to—”

“It’s fine,” he said pulling back. “It was a long time ago.”

“Doesn’t mean it hurts any less.”

“They say time heals all wounds. And yet, I’m still waiting.”

I moved from my seat and started towards him.

“Don’t.”

My advancement halted just as I’d made it to stand before him. Julian pulled his head back bringing his gaze to me as I stood over him. The energy around us swirled; electrical magnetism beckoned me to forget what he just said and cling my arms around him. But the melancholy of his words didn’t show up in his features. Dark eyes assessed me, devoid of emotion.

“I’m fine,” he reassured.

I wanted to say so much more, but my hesitance had everything to do with possibly enduring his wrath than it did anything else.

“You never told me,” he said, “why was your day so weird?”

Julian moved to stand to his feet. Now he was looking down at me and me up at him. I juggled whether to let go what I initially wanted to say. For a second, my thoughts traveled.

Turning on my heels, I went back to retrieve my wine glass.

“Desiree,” he called. “I didn’t mean—”

“It’s okay,” I said, turning with a smile. “You’re entitled to talk about whatever you like.”

He was studying me again, through those bedroom eyes. I drank the rest of my glass and strolled to the bar. I’d gotten comfortable leaving my heels lying next to each other on the floor under the chair I vacated. The alcohol I sipped, albeit leisurely, still burned through my bloodstream. I didn’t need anything to heighten the atmosphere around us. And still, I poured a half a glass as Julian watched me with inquisitive eyes.

Holding the glass to my lips, I watched the red tonic swirl.

“I thought I saw my father, today.”

I couldn’t believe I’d actually said the words. “But I was distracted, and when I went back to look again, he was gone.” Without regret, I pushed forward. “It’s been thirteen years since I saw his face or anything closely resembling an image of him. But in those few seconds, I got a glimpse of his rugged features and hard eyes he once gave to everyone else but Claudia and me.”

I blew out a breath.

“Do you want to see him again?”

My throat constricted. I didn’t know the answer to Julian’s question. We were interrupted by the blare of my cell phone. I took another sip of my wine and strolled to my purse.

“Excuse me,” I said to Julian. “Hello,” I answered putting the smartphone to my ear.

“Desiree!”

“Santana? What’s wrong?”

“Oh thank God you’re okay. Where are you? You need to get to a safe place now!”

I glanced at Julian.

“What’s wrong?” he asked.

“I’m safe,” I said. “What’s going on Santana?”

“Someone broke into my house. We’re being stalked!”





Chapter Eight


Julian



“Stalked!” Desiree clutched the phone a bit firmer. I strolled to her taking the cell from her grasp, placing it on speaker. Santana’s voice filled our space.

“My house has been burglarized along with Lily Fosters, Tabitha McKnight, and Gloria Stephani. A note was left at all of our apartments.”

A visible tremor ran through Desiree. “What kind of note,” Desiree asked.

“Pretty reporter ladies shouldn’t be left alone after ruining a man’s life. Anything could happen to them.”

A foreboding crept through me.

“Oh my God,” Desiree covered her mouth with a hand, staring at the phone in shocked silence.

“If you’re in a safe place, you need to stay put. You probably shouldn’t be home alone tonight. If this guy broke into our homes on the same day, yours could be next if it hasn’t been already. When was the last time you were home?”

Desiree’s hand dropped. “Oh my God, Jasper!” She sat the glass down. “I’ve gotta go, Santana, I’ll call you back.” Desiree disconnected the call and threw the phone in her purse.

“Where are you going?” I barked.

“I’ve got to get Jasper!” She dug her feet into the Christian Louboutins and headed for the door, but I’d beat her to it.

“What are you doing,” she asked as I blocked her escape.

“I assume Jasper is your pet?”

“Yes, my dog, a Pomeranian. I haven’t had him a month! I need to get to him.”

“Give me your keys.” I held my hand out.

“Why?”

“Because I’m driving.”

“What?” Her voice rose. “No, I can’t allow you do that!”

I reached out to lay my hands on her shoulders. “I’m not letting you go home alone after that phone call. Do you hear what I’m saying, Desiree?”

Desiree looked like she wanted to object again, but thought better of it and handed me the keys. Swiftly, we left the solitude of the room and headed for the private elevator. On the way down, Desiree fidgeted, bringing her fingers to her lips to nibble on her nails. She followed the lights as each number lit up every time we passed another floor. I reached out, sending a soothing hand over her back.

“Hey.”

She looked to me; a worried glance etched on her beautiful face.

“Everything will be fine, alright? I’m sure Jasper is sitting by the door wagging his tail, waiting for you to come home.”

She gave me a halfhearted smile. “I hope you’re right.”

“I’m usually always right.”

That pulled a laugh from her.

“Oh, I’m sure you are.” She looked away briefly. “Thanks.”

“For what?”

“Trying to make light of this situation.”

I pulled her over to me laying a soft kiss against her forehead. The elevator doors opened and we headed for her car. I could tell that her thoughts were with Jasper and the heaviness in my chest made me want to constantly reassure her that everything would be okay. I knew from experience that sometimes things didn't go the way we hoped, but that thought I didn’t share with Desiree.

“Give me your address,” I said.

“I live in Manchester Cove.”

I whistled. “The properties are nice in that area. How’d you settle on Manchester Cove?”

The sun began to set as I drove through downtown traffic navigating my way around pedestrians and motorists that moved at a snail’s pace.

“Before I relocated to Houston, I created a battle plan,” she smiled. “It was a notebook filled with different areas of Houston broke down into categories. I separated each area by highest to lowest crime. Manchester Cove was the place I wanted to be. Practically broke the bank paying for a year’s rent.” Her voice lowered. “Imagine the irony.”

The car grew silent before I spoke again.

“Who distracted you,” I said making another try at removing her thoughts from this situation. Desiree looked at me.

“What?”

“You said you thought you saw your father today, but someone distracted you.”

I could see the apprehension on her face. Ever since I took up the task of getting close to Desiree, she found ways to keep me at arm's length. The moment she stepped into Adeline’s hospital room, my axis tilted, taking me off balance in a way I’d never experienced before. My father always told me, when I found the one, I would know it. I would usually just laugh him off and shake my head. In my opinion, there were just entirely too many women on this earthly plane for me to settle down.

“That's alright,” my father said. “You’ll sow your wild oats until that time.”

He’d give me a rough pat on the back and walk away with a whistle on his tongue. Strangely, upon meeting Desiree, I had an inkling that I may know what he was talking about. Now, I was on a mission to explore this craving I had to be around her, to look at her, console her and make everything she longed for within her reach.

At first, I tried to shake it off as meager interest. But her pouty lips, flowing hair, and skin as silky as a piece of velvet, were a sight to behold. Desiree’s light brown eyes were what kept me hypnotized. They highlighted her complexion. And although I’d seen my share of beautiful women, Desiree’s figure put Jessica Rabbit to shame. Seeing her again at Claudia’s benefit back in Chicago, I knew there was something a little bit more to this growing awareness I felt that drug me to her like a magnetic field.

At Jaden and Claudia's engagement party, it hadn't taken me long to find her after she’d disappeared from the main area. Standing in the kitchen in heels that pulled her height to about 5’7, Desiree balanced a tray in one hand and a champagne flute of bubbly in another. My footsteps increased as I went to help her; taking the tray off of Desiree’s hands while simultaneously wrapping her in my arms.

“Maybe you should let someone else do this for the rest of the night. I’ve watched you host the room with ease. It’s about time you take a break, don’t you think?”

Her beautiful mouth fell back into a blissful smile. “Maybe you're right,” she said. There was an extra twinkle in her eye. I knew she'd had one too many drinks, but I hadn't had a chance to keep up with them.

“So,” I asked, “How many of these have you had tonight?”

“Oh two, maybe three,” she shrugged, “but whose keeping count?”

That sent a giggle from her. “Maybe you should have a glass of water,” I offered.

“Why,” she said. “I need the liquid courage so I'll have the balls to seduce you the way I've been thinking about all evening.”

I was surprised by her admission, but I didn’t show it. She’d set a flame on a path that covered me in an instant. “Unfortunately for us both, as much as I would love that, I couldn't allow it with your state of impairment. Besides, you don't need it. You're perfectly capable of seducing me without saying a word. Trust me. You've been doing it all night.”

“I should make a note to self to remember exactly how it is that I accomplished that while I'm sober.”

“I'll be sure to remind you.”

The kitchen door swung open, and Claudia and Jaden strolled through speaking in hushed tones to one another. They stopped when their eyes met ours, and both of them smiled.

“Excuse us, do you guys need privacy?” Claudia asked.

Desiree blushed.

“Nah,” I concluded. “Some other time, yeah?”

My gaze swept over her mouth.

“Um, sure,” she said.

Another flush fell over her face, and her cheeks reddened.

“I was about to get Desiree here a glass of water.” I willed myself to release Desiree and strolled to the refrigerator.

Claudia and Jaden looked from her to me, then Claudia put her hands on her hips. “Desiree, are you drinking again?”

With upturned lips, Desiree rounded to peer at Claudia. “What do you mean again? Am I not allowed to have more than one drink?”

“That’s not what I’m saying,” Claudia defended.

“Then what are you saying little sis,” Desiree said back. There was a strain in her voice that told me her level of patience was wearing thin.

Claudia walked over to me. “Thanks for getting her the water,” she whispered. It was of no use. Desiree left the kitchen with a scowl on her face. It was no secret that she and Claudia had some bad blood between them. I felt that same energy when Desiree arrived at the hospital to visit their mother. I didn’t see her anymore that night. I searched, but not good enough since my efforts didn’t pan out.

Making a left turn, I exited the highway and drove three additional miles before seeing a sign displaying Manchester Cove. The expensive condominiums had security sitting at a gate, so incoming and outgoing traffic was monitored at all times. I felt better about Desiree’s safety. I pulled into the entry, and Desiree handed me a badge. I waved the key and entered as the rod lifted and the gateways opened.

When we approached the door, Desiree’s hands trembled as she fumbled with the keys. I covered her hand with mine, and a spark coated my palm. She looked up to me, and for a long moment, our gazes held. My hand dropped to her waist, and I pulled her gently behind me.

“Let me go in first.”

“We go in together,” she said.

I smirked. “Okay Pam Grier, we go in together.”

I opened the door and blocked Desiree from rushing around me. Moving down the hallway, I checked the living area, dining, kitchen, and pantry. There was no sign of Jasper yet, but I didn’t let myself worry about it. The condo was intact, and nothing was out of order.

“Where’s your bedroom,” I asked wanting to give the place a thorough check.

On the second level. I’ll check it,” she said.

I reached out and grabbed her. “This is not the time to be coy. Let me check it out.”

She held in a breath, then wordlessly agreed with a nod of her head. I took the steps two at a time getting to the second level quickly. Seconds later, I felt her move in behind me. She was stubborn, but I couldn’t fault her for wanting to get to her beloved Jasper. Her bedroom door was opened, and I whistled.

“Jasper…”

We entered her master bedroom. Light blue drapery hung from the large panel windows against the wall. The canopy bed was king in size with a platform style base. A pair of lace panties lay flung across the covers, and the sheets were ruffled from what seemed to be a good night’s rest. Desiree shot past me and grabbed the lacey thong, fisting them to a crumble inside her hand. Hurriedly, she doubled back around me and I caught her arm just as she entered the bathroom.

A wail of a scream ripped from Desiree, and I pulled her back into the room with such force she almost lost her breath. I entered the bathroom with a stomping force and grimaced. My eyes landed on Jasper, unmoving; floating in a tub of water. I carried my vision around the room and landed on a note that was taped to the bathroom mirror. I snatched it down and opened it.

“Pretty reporter ladies shouldn’t be left alone after ruining a man’s life. Anything could happen to them.”

From the room, Desiree’s cries tore through me. I stuffed the paper into my back pocket and left the bathroom gathering her in my arms.

“Pack a bag. I’ll call the police.”





Chapter Nine





The authorities arrived within minutes of my phone call. Security at the gate shut the entrance down to residents only while the police investigated Desiree’s condo. After speaking to Houston PD for a little longer than thirty minutes, I left the condo to check on Desiree who was waiting in her car. I wanted to make sure she was okay. The late evening had arrived, and neighbors stood outdoors, along the walkway across the street, and off to the side. I doubled down a few steps and was at the passenger door of Desiree’s car in a blink. I reached for the handle opening it, and crouched to get a good look at her. A faraway expression sat in Desiree’s eyes with her vision fixed directly in front of her.

“Desiree…”

She turned her head slowly to look at me, and I folded my hands around hers.

“Is there anything you’d like to get from the apartment before we leave?”

Finally, she blinked as if coming back to the here and now. Desiree cast a quick glance around.

“What did they say?”

Her voice was different, and I was wary about her state of mind.

“They don’t want you staying here for a while. I’m going to take you back to the hotel with me.”

She didn’t respond. I pulled her soft hand to my lips and placed a gentle kiss on the back. She turned back to me and tried to offer a smile.

“You’re very kind,” she said. “But I’ll call Santana. It looks like we’ll both need somewhere to stay for a while. So we can stay together.”

“Okay,” I said. “You can both stay at the hotel with me.”

“Don’t be silly. You’re a busy man. I don’t expect you to sit around and babysit us. Besides, we’re capable of taking care of each other.”

“I don’t doubt it, Desiree. However, I want to take care of you myself. And furthermore, you’re a part of my busy days for the next several weeks. Remember?”

I waited for her to give me more resistance. But to my belated surprise, she didn’t.

“We’ll stay at the hotel, but not in your room.”

“That’s fine.”

I kissed the back of her hand again.

“I can’t go back in right now. I’ll go to the mall or something, I need to gather some things for our trip to Dubai anyway.”

I smiled inside and released a deep breath, rising to my feet. As I rounded the car, I couldn’t help but look out at the people still gathering and wondered whether the individual responsible was watching. It didn’t sit well with me that her life was in danger, but I would make sure to keep her safe at all costs. Sliding into the driver’s seat, I reached over and pulled Desiree close, laying a kiss against her temples. There were no words that came between us, and she allowed the embrace that I gave. This felt like home, in a way, going home to see my father had never felt. My breathing was easy and my mind relaxed as we sat there content in our world. Why I never wanted to let her go was beyond me, but I was willing to see this thing through to the very end. Either this powerful attraction between us warranted something much deeper, or my carnal lust had gotten the best of me. Yet, as I held on to Desiree, somehow, I knew it was the former.

Starting the engine to her Honda, we made our way through the growing crowd as onlookers stepping into the street to get a closer eye on Desiree. It was rude and disrespectful, but I kept in mind that these were her neighbors; probably wanting to make sure Desiree was unharmed. I’d thought that would be our biggest issue until we exited Manchester Cove and came face to face with a flash of cameras from various news stations around the city. Reporters and cameramen ran up, throwing out questions as we passed by. I reached over and pulled the seatbelt over Desiree. Someone hit the window harder than I cared for and the urge to pull over and get out to teach them a lesson was palpable. Instead, I hit the gas, putting as much distance between Manchester Cove and us as possible.

Desiree moved to reach inside her handbag pulling out her cell. Wordlessly, she sent a text to whom I’m assuming was Santana. After sending her message, Desiree laid her head against the headrest and closed her eyes. She was stressed out, and I’d been given a thought.

“What would you say if we started our trip earlier than Friday,” I said.

When her soft gaze met mine, the tug in my chest made me clear my throat.

“Are you sure?” she asked quietly. “I don’t want to disrupt your plans. You’ve been nice enough as it is.”

“Desiree,” I called holding her gaze. “I wouldn’t ask if it would present a problem. Nothing is set in stone. A little rearranging will be fine. I want to get you out of the country. There’s something I want you to experience with me.”

I glanced to the road stopping at a red light.

“What is it?” she asked.

I reached for her hand intertwining our fingers. “I’d rather show you, Bella. Say you’ll come.”

I felt a shiver run through her.

“I do,” she backtracked. “I am, you know that already.”

Her nervousness was sexy. The light turned green, and I pulled off headed for the hotel.

“I know, what I meant was, say you’ll leave early with me.”

Desiree held her tongue for a moment. “I will.”

That was all I needed to know. Everything else I would take care of. When we arrived at the hotel, I opted to let the valet park instead of heading for the private entrance. Holding Desiree’s door open, I reached in to help her out. We strolled inside hand in hand and headed straight for the elevator. Desiree turned to me.

“I need to stop by the front desk and get a room.”

The elevator doors dinged, and I pulled her inside cuddling her to my chest.

“I’ve rented out the top floor, Bella. I have everything you require.”

Desiree shivered again, and I loosened my grip. It was becoming harder to keep my hands to myself. The doors closed and we moved towards the top floor.

“I’m sorry about Jasper.”

“Me too,” she said. Her downcast expression gripped me again. The doors dinged, and I slid my arm around Desiree’s shoulder as we walked to a suite two doors down from mine. I pulled out a key card and opened the door. Desiree stepped inside and turned to me.

“This is a master keycard,” I told her. “It will get you in anyone of these rooms on this floor including mine. If you need anything, don’t hesitate to ask.”

As much as I wanted to stay with her, I needed to give her the space she seemed adamant about receiving.

“Thanks,” she said. “For everything… You didn’t have to do any of it, and I’m grateful.”

Hearing this was a welcomed change from Desiree. It was painfully evident that she was independent by choice, and receiving help from others wasn’t high on her list of things to accept.

“Anytime, Bella… anytime.”

She offered me a small smile.

“Try to get some rest,” I said turning to walk away.

“Julian…”

I paused turning back to her inquisitively.

“Will you stay with me until Santana gets here?”

It had taken me two seconds to cross the threshold. The door closed behind me and latched with a snap.

“Come here,” I said grabbing her hand leading her to the balcony. I unlocked the double doors and we stepped outside. The air held a light breeze, and from our floor, we could see the city of Houston stretching around us. I pulled Desiree into my arms with her back flank against my chest and held her there. Her head rested against my throat, and she breathed a sigh of relief. Glancing at the skyline revealed a trail of stars that appeared to hover right above us.

“I don’t think I’ve ever seen stars that close,” she said.

I chuckled. “I was just thinking the same thing.”

“There’s that saying about great minds ya know.”

“Riiiigght,” I drawled.

“So, tell me Julian, when you were growing up, did you always want to model?”

She was attempting to take her mind off Jasper. I was more than happy to help her do so.

“When I was younger, my brothers always messed with me about being in the mirror or wanting to take care of my appearance. In school, I was labeled a pretty boy and most likely to become a model. It was always the running joke that they couldn’t get enough of.”

“I guess the jokes on them,” she said.

I smirked. “Yeah, I’d say so.”

“Why did you decided to move to Houston, Desiree?”

She shrugged. “I needed a change of scenery I guess.”

“How old were you when you left?”

She inhaled a deep breath. “Twenty years old. I was full of inspiration and was determined to take the world by storm,” she chuckled.

“And did you?”

She glanced up at me questionably.

“Take the world by storm, I mean.”

Her lips twisted. “Not exactly.”

“What happened?”

“For starters, I was young. I had no idea what taking the world by storm would entail, but I soon found out it wasn’t easy or as fun as I thought it would be.”

“You spoke earlier about having a blueprint mapped out before moving here. Was your world domination included in those schematics?”

A saucy laugh found its way from her mouth, sounding like a soothing melody I could listen to over and over.

“Not exactly, well,” she said. “I thought it did at the time. It involved me getting a position at the Houston Report and writing breaking news stories that would make me one of the youngest top reporters in town. My mission was pretty simple. I’d only go after the biggest stories and be the first one to report on them. Sooner rather than later, I’d gain the attention from prestigious companies, and they’d all be vying for my attention.”

She laughed again.

“Boy was I naive, although I’ve gotten some pretty big stories wrapped. I’m in the same position today I started out in, and I’ve been with the Houston Report for what, six years.”

“And that’s why you want to leave.”

“That’s why I am leaving. This assignment will be my last.”

“You never know, it may be a blessing in disguise,” I said.

“Hmm, maybe, maybe not. Either way, I’m getting out of here before I end up in jail for strangling Fredrick.”

I tossed my head back and laughed.

“Did I say that out loud,” she asked with a grin on her face.

“Yeah you did. But don’t worry, your secrets safe with me.”

“Hmm, time will tell,” she said.

My arms grew tighter around her and the heat from our bodies wrapped us in a blanket of warmth. Desiree cleared her throat, and an overwhelming fever crawled down her skin onto mine. I didn’t know if I’d ever get used to the way my heart sped up or how my body reacted to her closeness. But it was becoming my new normal.

“I saw you on the news today,” Desiree said.

This brought another smile to my face.

“I think that reporter followed me to the barbeque joint. I remember seeing the news van behind me about a mile down the road. Then, while I was inside, they circled about three times before finally deciding to pull into the parking lot and wait for me to come outside.”

Desiree shook her head and laughed. “That sounds about right.”

I peered at her sideways. “Don’t tell me you’re stalking people for interviews, too.”

She shrugged. “It’s what has to be done to get the goods sometimes.”

“So, you’re stalking people, too?”

I released her and took a step back. “Maybe I chose the wrong person to do this piece after all. I mean, stalking is a form of crazy that I don’t—”

“I would never stalk you!” She cried, mortified.

I couldn’t contain my laughter for a second. I fell against the door with one arm thrown across my abs with my head held back in a howl. When Desiree realized I was kidding, she swatted me. Her petite hands landed what was supposed to be an assault on my chest.

“That is so not funny!”

I continued to laugh.

“You should’ve seen your face,” I said. “Girl, you looked like a deer caught in headlights.” My laughter grew, and she beat me some more, unable to keep her seriousness intact as laughter fled from her also.

I reached out and grabbed her swinging arms and tossed them around my neck sliding my arms around her waist. Still laughing, I bent down to accommodate her height and snuggled my face into her neck and shoulder. The move came naturally, and I didn’t refrain my lips from pressing against her face. With my mouth, I moved to her temples, forehead, then nose; hovering over her lips. Desiree didn’t put up a fight, so I moved in, needing to taste her mouth again. When the knock on the door came, she jumped and pulled back, but I held her in place not allowing her to escape. I pulled my lips between my teeth my eyes going from her mouth and back up again.

“That’s probably Santana,” she said.

The sultriness in her voice didn’t help her current situation, it only further riled me up. There was another knock and reluctantly, I pulled away. Desiree ran to the door like the devil was on her heels. But he was the least of her worries.





Chapter Ten


Desiree





Santana threw her arms around my neck, and the bag that hung from her wrist knocked against my back.

“I’m so glad you’re okay,” she said pulling back to look at me. “What were you thinking going to that house? Are you insane, I specifically said, don’t go home.”

“I had to. Jasper was there. I needed to make sure he was okay.”

“All your text said was your house had been broken into, and you were staying here. Was Jasper alright, where is he?”

I squeezed my temples. Santana went to speak again when something else caught her attention. I turned to follow her gaze and fumbled as I spoke.

“I’m sorry, Santana this is Julian. Julian, Santana,” I said introducing them officially.

“Hi,” Santana held her hand out for a shake and Julian accepted it.

“How are you,” he asked Santana.

“As good as can be expected I suppose.”

Julian reached out and caressed my shoulders. “Are you alright?”

Santana looked from him to me, and she caught on to my somber expression.

“Oh nooo,” she said. “Don’t tell me the bastard harmed Jasper!”

“I’m afraid so,” Julian offered.

“Oh honey,” Santana pulled me in for a hug, and I silently cried on her shoulder.

“It was so cruel,” I sniffed out. “Drowned him in a bathtub of water.”

Santana gasped. “Nooo!”

“What type of sick psycho does something so disgusting?” My tears created a puddle on her shirt that soaked into her sleeve.

“I’m so sorry, Desiree. I really am,” Santana said.

I straightened up and tried to pull myself together.

“What’s done is done. I’ll give him a little burial and move out.”

“I don’t blame you for a second,” Santana said. “If it makes you feel any better I brought food.”

I gave her a small smile. “Thanks.”

“I’ll fix us some plates.” Santana glanced to Julian. “Would you like a plate Julian?”

“No ma’am, I’m good. You ladies enjoy.”

“Ma’am,” she said. “I will not be reduced to some old lady.”

“Oh my God…” I said shaking my head at her.

“What?” Santana replied.

Julian chuckled. “An old lady you are not. So no worries there.”

“That’s more like it.”

Santana strolled away to enter the kitchenette and Julian pulled me in again. I rested my head against his broad chest, longing to stay there.

“I’m going to leave you two alone. Does Santana have family here in Houston?”

“Yes. Her mother and father live here.”

“No sisters or brothers?”

“No.” I could see the wheels turning in Julian’s head. “What are you thinking?”

“Until this guy is caught she could use some security.”

“Do you have someone in mind?”

“Yeah. I think I do. Remember, if you need anything to come see me. I’m just down the hall.”

I didn’t respond. Julian pulled back lifting my chin with his finger. “Do you hear me, Desiree?”

“Yes, thanks for… everything.”

“No thanks needed. I’m here whenever you need me.”

His words shouldn’t have touched me the way they did; in a personal way that went beyond boundaries. I wouldn’t deny that I didn’t love them or the way I felt inside with every move he made to make sure I was taken care of. This was something I could get used to, but I wouldn’t. I had to keep reminding myself that men were untrustworthy, no matter what they said.

Julian removed himself from what was now our temporary home. A whistle came from the kitchen, drawing my attention to Santana standing idle watching me.

“No wonder you were safe. I’d feel safe to with that man around to rescue me.” I smirked and went into the kitchenette. At the sink, I washed my hands in silence and thought about Jasper. When I turned around, Santana was watching me like a hawk with a worried expression on her face.

“I’m alright,” I said. “How are you? Your house was burglarized, too.”

“More like trashed,” she said. “I can’t tell if the idiot took anything because the house was literally turned upside down.”

“Who do you think it could be?” I asked.

Santana tossed her hands up. “Who knows. The four of us have done tons of stories together.”

“Yeah, but whoever this was felt like we ruined his life, so it must be someone who was maybe on trial or in jail possibly.”

I was desperate to find a solution. I couldn’t continue to walk around looking over my shoulder.

“I know what you’re thinking,” Santana said.

“You do?”

“Yeah, we’re all thinking the same thing. Is this bastard going to keep stalking us or was this just a one-time thing to scare us?”

I groaned and sat down at the table, taking my fork and playing around with the Chinese food in front of me.

“I can’t express enough how sorry I am about Jasper.”

I waved her off. “Let’s talk about something else.”

“Okay. Tell me, what’s going on with you and Julian?”

I groaned again. Her guess was as good as mine. Something was happening. I just wasn’t sure what it was so I shrugged.

“I don’t know. Nothing officially, and everything unofficially.”

Santana gave me a knowing look.

“We’re leaving earlier than Friday. Julian wants to take my mind off things.”

“How early?”

I smirked. “Tomorrow.”

“Well what are you going to do,” she asked.

I threw the question right back at her. “What are you going to do? You can’t stay here alone.”

“Why? You have to have the private code just to reach this floor. If you ask me, this is the safest place to be at this point.”

I thought about her words.

“Okay, so you’ll stay here, or you could go over to your parents. I’m sure they’d rather you stay with them, then here alone.”

“And I’d rather stay here alone.”

I cracked a smile. “Why?”

“Because my mother will treat me like a patient, checking on me every second, and you know I can’t deal with that.”

“Alright, fine, be my guess. But tomorrow morning, you’re going with me to the mall. I need to grab a few things and whatever business you need to handle you’ll do it before we leave. I don’t want you going places alone. I think Julian is getting you some security anyway.”

“What do you mean?”

“He asked if you had family and thought you needed security. Said he had someone in mind.”

“Aww, that’s so sweet. So it’ll be like having secret service detail.”

“I don’t know about all that.”

Santana chuckled. “What will I do until my secret service shows up?”

I rolled my eyes and smirked. “Pair up with Gloria. I’m sure she’ll be happy to stay with you.”

“I just might.” Santana mulled it over. “But I’d prefer to have a man like Julian protect me instead. Or better yet, whisk me away to another country. Talk about a damsel in distress.”

I chuckled. “You never stop do you?”

“Why should I? It’s the truth. Did you say he had other brothers?”

I was shaking my head now.

“What?” Santana asked.

“Yes, he has seven brothers and triplets for sisters.”

“If any of them look like him, stick a fork in me, I’m done.”

I laughed again. “I’m going to bed,” I said pulling away from the table.

“Hey, you haven’t finished your food.”

“Put it in the refrigerator I’ll eat it tomorrow. I made a beeline straight for the shower, wishing Julian was there to keep me company.





Chapter Eleven





Manchester Cove Mall held the usual hustle and bustle. It was what I could expect from the midweek crowd. Santana and I were making our rounds when a text message came through my phone.

Good morning, Bella. I was on my way to bring you breakfast when I spotted the note on my door. Under any other circumstance, I would give you an ear full about leaving without security. But since you and Santana are together, I’ll let you off the hook… This time.

I smiled and giggled then covered my mouth. I’m a grown woman, giggling like a school girl. Get yourself together, Desiree. I was trying, but it was hard. I hit reply and texted him promptly.

Security? I’m sorry to say I’m not in the major leagues like you, Mr. Rose. I couldn’t hire security to save my dog never mind my life.

He responded quicker than I expected.

Don’t insult me.

This brought another saccharine smile to my face.

I’m not. I’m being so serious.

“Are we going in this store or not,” Santana asked, stepping away from the store’s window with a hand on her hip. She took note of my smile. “Who’s that, Julian?”

A text message came through.

I’m all the security you’ll need, Bella. Remember that.

My stomach churned, and my heart fluttered.

“Why does it have to be Julian,” I said to Santana. “He’s not the only guy I know.”

Santana sighed. “Whatever.”

I dropped the smile from my face and gave her a blank stare.

“Let’s go.”

We entered a clothing store tailored to modest Muslim culture. I figured if I was to keep up with my surroundings in Dubai, I should probably look the part. I rose early that morning, eating an early breakfast on the balcony, and searching Dubai for tourist dress codes. For the most part, it seemed okay to wear whatever I wanted. Except the city had a thing about bare shoulders and knees on women. When it came to religion, I grew up a born-again Christian. If my mother saw me now, she’d probably pass out. I chuckled at the thought and glided next to Santana as I sent another text.

Are you sure? I know you’ve been in the city visiting a friend. How might they feel if you have no more time for them because you’re too busy securing me?

I re-read what I wrote then chickened out and backspaced, but halfway there I decided I’d send it after all. I should admit; I’ve wanted to know about the comments Julian made to the news reporter ever since I’d seen him on TV.

“This is nice,” Santana said. “You know I’m not big on wearing dresses down to my ankles, but this looks great.”

I took my hand up and down the Arabian dress she spoke of, admiring the solid red material with a golden neckline.

“This is nice,” I agreed.

“And the material is light. So you won’t burst into flames in it either.”

We laughed. It was true, the climate in Dubai during this time of year, was beyond hot. So, I wasn’t particularly interested in something that covered me completely. As long as my shoulders and knees were covered, that was all I needed.

I don’t think she’ll mind. What do you think? Do you mind, Desiree?

I froze and stared at his words for a moment.

How would I know? You should ask her.

“Yeah, you’ll get a real good breeze in this,” Santana offered.

“And I could wear my bathing suit underneath. Looks perfect for going to the beach,” I responded, and for reasons unknown, my heart kicked up a beat.

I am asking her, Bella. But she won’t answer me, what do you suppose we do about that?

A sizzling heat crawled over me, and I paused to take a breath.

Are you saying I am her?



I took the dress off the rack and shuffled through for others in different colors. After picking out a blue, pink, yellow, soft green, and red, I decided that was enough when it came to dresses. I needed to calm my racing heart, but these exchanges between Julian and I were becoming more personal by the minute. I wasn’t in denial as much as Santana thought. I kept it real with myself. I wanted to know more about Julian, and it had nothing to do with being an investigative reporter. But I didn’t know what kind of games Julian played, and I didn’t want to find out.

My phone beeped again.

You’re the only reason I’m in Houston, Bella. What you do with that information is up to you.

My eyes traveled over the words again and again. If I had any doubts before, I didn’t now. Nevertheless, I had to know.

Why?

My phone beeped.

I want to know you, Desiree. In every single way. I would’ve preferred having this conversation in person and not through text.

I was stunned; my heart doing a tap dance on my chest. What Julian said, every word of it, was how I felt. Instead of responding, I put my phone inside my purse and put my mind on what I was doing at the moment.

I strolled through the aisle, and a mannequin caught my eye. Wrapped around the mannequins’ head was a hijab. I took another glance around the store to find mannequins that wore scarfs that gave the same cover without the religious semblance.

They’ve got these scarfs in all colors. Maybe I’ll grab a couple.”

Pulling the material off the figurine, I wrapped it around my head and practically covered my mouth. Doing a quick turn, I looked to Santana.

“How do I look?” My voice came out slightly muffled from the blanket of material covering my mouth.

“You look hot,” she said.

I shuffled my eyes side to side. “Hot as in, I’m going to burst into flames, or hot as in sexy,” I said lowering my voice to a feminine depth.

Santana laughed and imitated my voice. “Sexy,” she said.

I scrunched my nose. “Really? I need a mirror.” I strolled to the counter and modeled in the mirror. “Mmm, does look alluring doesn’t it?”

“Mmhmm,” Santana confirmed.

“Alright, I’ll take it.”

We both laughed and Santana shook her head.

“What?” I said. “If I have to dress the part, I might as well look good doing it, am I right?”

“Yes, that you are.”

“Alright then, the scarf works.”

I unwrapped my hair and went back to the mannequin, grabbing a few other colors including white. Back at the rack, where I found the other dresses, I scoured the stand for a white Arabian dress. When I found it, I trudged to the dressing room. I only needed to try on one to know how the rest would look and feel against my skin.

After completing my look, I stood staring at myself in the full-length mirror. My transformation stunned even me. Not only did the ankle length dress and scarf look incredible against my figure, but I was pulling off the whole Middle Eastern look as if I belonged there. My eyes traveled to my bare feet. I’d need to complete this look with sandals or wedge heels. The material was so thin I shouldn’t have a problem with the weather at all. There was a knock on the dressing room door.

“Come on out so I can see,” Santana chimed.

I opened the door and stepped out. When her eyes widened, I knew I had a winner.

“That’s absolutely gorgeous on you.”

My smile was bright, and I wiggled my eyebrows.

“You think so?”

Santana shifted her weight poking her hip out.

“Yes,” she snapped. “Sister Girl, you’re wearing that dress. How does it feel?”

I twirled. “Feels good, materials cool, thin and flowy.”

Santana nodded. “You’ve pulled it off, and you might get the attention of some brothers.”

I twisted my lips. “I’m not wearing this to get attention.”

“I know it, but still,” she said steady in her admiration of the dress.

“Okay, I’ll take them all.”

I re-entered the dressing room and changed back into my blue jeans and belly baring halter top.

“Oh, and another thing,” Santana said as we made our way to the register, “Spring is not upon us yet. As much as I know you’re ready for the season to change, you’ll just have to wait like the rest of us.”

She was referring to my halter. “Hey, what can I say, I’m a warm-blooded female. It’s my way of life.”

We left and headed for a shoe store.

“I guess you’re not dressing the part the entire time since you only purchased enough clothes for a week,” Santana said.

“I’ve got a few other things, but it’s my normal everyday wear. From what I’ve researched, wearing leggings or maxi dresses is good.”

“As long as your shoulders and knees are covered. Gotcha,” Santana said.

“I wonder why Julian didn’t tell me this,” I pondered out loud.

Santana snickered. “Maybe because he doesn’t care what you wear, even if that’s nothing at all.”

I shook my head and smiled. Santana laughed as we entered Shoe Depot.

“Let’s try and make this quick. Our flight leaves at two.”

“I am still so jealous,” Santana said.

“You should’ve asked Fredrick to put you on assignment with me. He can be a bit anal, but he usually does whatever you want since he’s got this grade school crush on you.”

“I don’t mean the assignment. I mean the man, honey.”

She did a snap then twirl, and I laughed.

“You are tripping me out,” I said.

“Yeah, but you know it’s true.

My cell buzzed. I checked my caller ID and was instantly coated with warmth.

“Hey,” I answered.

“Bella…”

I stopped walking and shut my eyes, fighting hard not to be charmed by his charisma.

“You never texted me back. Are you busy?”

His voice sent a vibration humming through me.

“Santana and I are making our last stop before I meet you back at the hotel.” I checked the time on my phone. It was 11:30 am. We had enough time to grab some shoes, so I set forth to the store with the phone to my ear.

“Cameron?” I heard Santana say.

My head snapped up, and there he was, standing in front of me like a ghost manifesting out of nowhere. Cameron reached out and grabbed my wrist, but I pulled back.

“Cameron, what are you doing here?”

“I need to talk to you.”

“Have you been following me?”

Cameron sighed. “No.”

“Let me guess, you just happened to run into me again.” I put a hand on my hip.

“Bella.” Julian’s voice brought me back from the anger I was about to release on Cameron.

“Hey, I’m sorry,” I said to Julian.

“I’m coming to you. Tell me what store you’re in.”

“That’s not necessary.” I glanced back to Cameron, and he stood there watching me with hopeful eyes.

“No,” I said to Cameron. “We’re not doing this again.” I rounded him, and he reached out.

“Desiree, just hear me out.”

“I’ve heard enough of what you have to say for a lifetime. If I see you again, I’m putting a restraining order out on you. If you don’t believe me, try me.” I retreated inside the store, and Santana hurried in behind me.

“I’m sorry, Julian.”

“Check this out,” Julian said. “Instead of meeting here, we’re going to leave from the mall. I’ll be there to pick you up shortly. Do you have everything you need?”

My mind wandered. “I have some things, but I could use a few others.”

“We can shop once we reach our destination,” he said smoothly.

“I don’t have basic necessities with me, like toiletries, underwear…” My face heated after speaking those words.

“Bella, your needs will be met. Trust me. You’ll be ready in fifteen minutes, yeah?”

Although his voice was as smooth as a caress, his words were demanding. Once again, I amazed myself by wanting to go along with whatever Julian asked without resistance. I tossed a glance over my shoulder, but didn’t see any sign of Cameron.

“Sure,” I said. “Fifteen minutes.”





Chapter Twelve


Julian





I grabbed the keys to the Bentley Bentayga, and my brother Josiah and I headed out the door. Josiah landed earlier that morning on an overnight flight from Chicago. I had plans to give another brother, Jonathon, a ring since he owned the fastest growing private security group on the east coast. But due to unforeseen circumstances, Jonathon was unavailable, so Josiah was my backup. When I first told Josiah I needed him to look after someone for me, he assumed Santana was a special friend of mine. But when he found out she wasn’t, he’d been all too quick to hop on the next flight out. My cell sounded at the same time we made it to the elevator.

“Talk to me,” I answered.

“Julian, hi this is Claudia. Jaden told me you were in Houston. Have you seen my sister by any chance?”

The elevator doors opened and Kelsey, my assistant, stood with a duffle bag on her shoulder. We stepped in quickly, and Josiah and Kelsey spoke as I took the bag off her hands.

“Yes, I’m on my way to pick her up now.”

Claudia became quiet.

“You are?”

“Yes, she’s doing a spread on me and A Few Good Men for the Houston Report. I’m surprised Jaden didn’t tell you,” I said evenly.

“He probably didn’t think to mention it. If you could, tell Desiree to call me. I’ve tried reaching out to her several times with no answer.”

I picked up on a strained undertone. “Is everything alright, Claudia?”

“With me, yes, but I saw her condo on the news a few minutes ago when I was changing channels. Apparently, the latest string of burglaries in Houston involved three local reporters from the Houston Report. What’s going on Julian, do you know?”

“Yes, it would be better if you spoke to Desiree yourself. I’ll tell her to call you.”

The elevator reached the garage floor.

“Well at least tell me she’s alright.”

“Yes, she’s fine. And I’m making sure she stays that way.

I heard her let out a breath.

“Okay, thanks for keeping an eye on her, Julian.”

“It’s my pleasure.”

“I’ll let you get back to it then,” Claudia said.

“You’ll hear from her in a few minutes.”

“Okay, thanks.”

Claudia disconnected the call and I slid my smartphone inside my jean pocket. The doors opened when we reached the ground floor, and the three of us stepped out. Walking in stride with me, Kelsey spoke.

“I’ve checked out of all the rooms, except for two since everyone will be traveling with you.”

“Which two rooms,” I asked.

“The two you requested; your suite and the one two doors down.”

“Thank you. Did you make the arrangements we spoke about this morning?”

“Yes, everything is in place.”

“That’s my girl.”

“Also, Mr. Drake is waiting for you at the entrance. Neither one of us were aware you would be driving.”

We pulled up to the Bentley, and I tossed Josiah the keys to a Jaguar I’d rented for him to drive around the city.

“Now you know,” I winked and dropped Kelsey’s luggage on the back seat while Josiah held open her passenger door.

Darrell Drake was my chauffeur. When I pulled behind the limo, Darrell quickly made his way to my window. I powered it down.

“Mr. Rose,” Darrell said, “Are you driving, Sir?”

“Good morning, Darrell. Why do you insist on calling me, Mr. Rose?”

“It’s the professional thing to do, sir.”

I tilted my head. “Have it your way. I’m taking the Bentley and I need to make a stop, so Kelsey here will keep you company until we get to the hangar.”

“Yes sir.” Darrell rounded the front of the Bentley and opened Kelsey’s door.

“If you need anything, call me.”

“I will,” she said.

I waited for Kelsey to get safely inside the limo. Darrell closed her door and got behind the wheel pulling slowly away from the curb. I followed, then made a left turn at the traffic light with Josiah trailing me. Reaching for the dial, I turned the stereo on, and Trey Songz pumped through my speakers.

When I pulled to the entrance of the mall, I parked and jumped out dialing Desiree. The days were cool although the sun sat high. I leaned my back against the passenger door just as Desiree answered.

“Hey,” she said exiting the building. I watched her as she searched for me and I admired the delicateness of her curves as they took charge and rode the jeans she wore.

“Straight ahead, Bella,” I said. Santana cruised out and stood at her side. Josiah got out of the Jag and stood next to me.

“So that’s her?” he asked.

“The one on the right,” I said.

When Desiree kept her eyes my way, I wondered if she felt the heated tinge strike her as it struck me. The connection we had was profound, making me want to be with her always. I shook my head thinking I must be losing my mind or having a midlife crisis. The more I told myself it was just physical attraction, the less I believed it. As Desiree neared, I pulled my weight off the Bentley and met her halfway taking the bags out of her hands.

“Are you sure you’ve got enough?” I asked.

She smirked. “If that’s your way of telling me I bought the whole mall then you would be over exaggerating.”

I smiled. “I don’t know. These bags are heavy.”

She pushed off me. “Whatever.”

“I’m just messing with you girl.” My eyes roamed over her light brown skin and bare belly. I hadn’t had the chance to see her flat stomach on display before, and the piercing in her navel was a sexy touch to her already seductive look. I moved my eyes from her belly and landed on her lips then her light brown eyes.

“You’re beautiful,” I said.

She blushed. “Thank you. If you keep that up, you’re going to spoil me.”

“I’m counting on it.”

Josiah cleared his throat.

“Oh,” I put prayer hands together. “Forgive me. Santana, this is my brother, Josiah. He’ll keep you company while we’re away.”

Santana stepped closer to Josiah and offered her hand. My brother accepted it, bending down to place a kiss on the back.

“How are you, Santana,” Josiah asked.

“Doing just fine.” Santana blushed, and they stood there watching each other with their hands still linked. Amused, I brought my attention back to Desiree and found her watching me.

“Shall we?” I asked.

We all stepped to our respective vehicles, and I held the door open while Desiree slid in. At the trunk, I sat her bags inside before making my rounds to the driver’s seat.

The faraway look in her eyes made me reach over and tug her ear.

“Talk to me,” I said.

“Huh? Oh, it’s nothing.”

“Looks like something.” I reached out to her again. “Someone was following you. Who is Cameron?”

Desiree blew out a harsh breath, and her bangs flew up.

“He’s my ex.” She glanced at me then back out the front window.

“Is he a problem?”

“I wouldn’t say so. I haven’t seen him in years until a couple of days ago. Now, he seems to be popping up everywhere.”

I frowned, reminding myself to keep a close tab on this Cameron character. Desiree turned to me.

“He’s nothing to worry about,” she reassured.

“I’m not so sure. You don’t think he would’ve gone to the extreme of breaking into your condo, do you?”

“Oh no, no, nothing like that,” she said.

I pulled off and headed for the highway.

“When we return, if you see him again, let me know.”

Desiree relaxed in her seat and folded her arms.

“Why?”

“Because I want to make sure you’re safe. Is that reason enough?”

She smirked. “I suppose so, but like I said, Cameron’s harmless. At least physically anyway.”

I caught the somberness in her voice and reached out to grab her hand. “One of the great things about life is we live, and we learn.” I rubbed the pad of my thumb in circles against hers. “Sometimes it’s best to have heartache now rather than for a lifetime.” I squeezed her fingers, and she smiled at me.

“You’re right. Doesn’t make it hurt any less.”

“Would you like to talk about it?”

Vigorously, Desiree shook her head. “Not at all,” she offered up a light chuckle.

“Whenever you’re ready then.”

I could feel Desiree’s eyes on me as I drove through the city. I exited the highway and pulled into Paws Pet Cemetery. The gravel road popped under the weight of the Bentley’s twenty-two-inch tires. I felt Desiree’s hand tighten around my fingers. Looking over to her, I squeezed back and pulled into a circular entrance to park on the side of the green grass.

“Jasper’s here?” Desiree asked.

“Yes, Bella.”

She let out a deep breath and turned to me.

“How? When did you have time to do this?”

“When it’s important, we make time.”

A flurry of emotions ran through her beautiful brown eyes, and they watered instantly. I reached unbuckling her seatbelt, pulling her over onto my lap. It was refreshing when Desiree came willingly, and her head rested on my shoulder. For about five minutes we sat in that spot unmoving. Sniffles came from her then she spoke.

“It wouldn’t have been so bad if he’d gone naturally, you know.”

My head rocked back and forth slowly. “I know.”

“Thank you, again.”

“Come on,” I said, “Let’s say our goodbye’s.”

I reached for the glove compartment and grabbed a few tissues from a small box of Kleenex, then opened the door and pulled to a stand while still holding on to Desiree. Sitting her down on her feet, I closed the Bentley door and we walked hand in hand to Jasper’s gravesite.

“I’m not dressed for this,” Desiree said tugging at her halter top.

“You are not dressed for the season period, but we’ll fix that soon enough.”

That pulled a tiny smirk to her lips. “You talk as if we’ll be together for a long time. Two weeks is lengthy, but sometimes you sound as if you’re making plans for a future we don’t have.” She looked at me sheepishly as if the words she spoke embarrassed her.

“You never know what the future holds, Bella, but time will surely tell.” A fluster of wind sailed around us as we stared at one another. When Desiree pulled her eyes away, they landed on a picture of Jasper I’d taken from a frame in her house. Desiree’s furry companion sat at her feet; his tail upright in the sway of a wag. Desiree’s unobstructed hand flew to her chest as tears sprang from her eyes.

Her hold tightened around my hand as she crouched down to a squat. I went with her, caressing her back while keeping our fingers linked.

“He was the best guy I’ve ever had.”

There was a solemn form of laughter and tears mixed as Desiree grieved over her lost companion. I hated seeing her tears. I’d never been an emotional man, but it tore me up to see her hurt that way. If I ever got my hands on the asshole who’d done this to her, I’d likely tear him to shreds.

I gave Kleenex to Desiree. She wiped her face and said a soft-spoken prayer over Jasper and reached out to swipe his face on the photo. Bringing her fingers to her lips, she kissed and blew out.

“Rest in Heaven, Jasper,” she said. We rose together, and I pulled her into my side brushing a kiss on her forehead.

“Are you ready,” I asked.

She nodded.

“Are you sure, Bella? Take all the time you need.”

She offered up a languid smile.

“We don’t have a lot of time, it’s,” she glanced at her wrist watch, “One pm. Our flight leaves in an hour. We should be at the airport now.”

“We’re taking my private jet. There won’t be a wait time, and if need be, we’ll leave later.” I kept my gaze on her. “Take all the time you need.”

Desiree buried her head in my chest and left it there for a few minutes. I closed my free arm, around her and we stood there resting in the sailing winds and quiet atmosphere. More time passed before Desiree pulled back.

“I’m ready,” she said.

I placed another kiss on her forehead and stepped to the side as we walked back toward the Bentley. Back on the road, I turned the radio dial and asked, “What kind of music do you listen to, Bella?”

“I’m not telling you,” she said smiling slightly.

“Why not?”

“Because you’ll laugh.”

She had my interest peaked. “Try me.”

Her eyes rolled bringing a chuckle out of me.

“Classical is my favorite.”

“Very interesting,” I said.

“I do listen to R & B, but there’s nothing like the sounds of the fluid, uplifting tones of classical music.”

“Did you grow up listening to classical music?” I asked.

“Somewhat.”

Her voice lowered. “My father would turn it on every morning before work. It was his routine to get the day started on a high note.” She smirked. “My mother would always say, all he needed was a little prayer, and he could skip the theatrics.”

Her expression lightened. “Claudia and I would be standing in the doorway watching as he strolled into the kitchen and pulled my mom away from whatever task she was doing at the time; which was more than likely fixing our breakfast and his lunch. Every morning she’d fuss, but every morning he’d pull her away to dance around the kitchen, hand and hand, at the strum of the bombastic sounds.” She chuckled. “I guess that’s when you can say I grew a love for that sound of music.”

Whenever Desiree broached the subject of her father, there was always a mixture of happiness and sadness. I changed the subject to lighten the mood.

“Claudia called my cell looking for you. She saw the report about your break in, and she’s worried.”

“I wonder why she didn’t call me?”

“She did, said she couldn’t get through.”

I turned into the entrance of West Houston Airport and drove through the security gate to the hangar. Desiree pulled her cell out and dialed a number.

“I’ll give you some privacy, Bella. When you are ready, I’ll be waiting.”

When she reached out laying a gentle stroke across my face, my temperature rose like the promise of a volcanic eruption. With an instant reflex, my hand covered hers.

“Why are you so nice to me,” she asked.

“I’d like to think that I’m nice to everyone,” I said.

“So you go around paying for pet burials and putting random women up in hotel rooms to keep them safe?”

“Desiree, there’s nothing random about you. I’m here because I want us to get to know each other better. You didn’t believe me the first time I said it?”

The sensitivity in her eyes was tangible.

“Make your call,” I told her. “We will have plenty of time to talk about this when you’re done. This is a fifteen-hour flight. You don’t need to make a stop, do you?” I joked.

Her perfect lips drew back into a smile, and I pulled her hand from my face and kissed her soft skin, then removed myself from the vehicle.

“Mr. Rose,” my chauffeur Darrell approached me. “You made it just in time. The pilot is ready, all your bags are on board, and the flight crew is on standby.”

“Thank you, Darrell. Is Kelsey on board, or did she take a commercial flight?”

“She’s on board, Sir.”

“There are a few things in the trunk that I brought with me so let the crew know we’ll be ready to pull off within fifteen minutes.”

“Yes, sir.”

I turned back to the car and retrieved Desiree’s bags, a few of them belonging to Victoria’s Secret. A vivid image of Desiree’s long, caramel legs and lacy underwear ravaged my thoughts.

“Yes, I promise,” I heard her say in her cell before shutting the door. At the trunk, I entered a code that released the lock. Inside, I pulled a single bag of luggage along with a few other bags that belonged to Desiree and sat the luggage on the ground. I closed the door and Desiree moved from the car to stand off to the side.

“I’m ready,” she smiled waving the phone to show proof that her call was finished. My gaze traveled over her flawless skin, sleek nose, and high cheekbones. Every detail of her statuesque frame held an air of perfection that I’d never witnessed before. More than that, I had a strange feeling Desiree didn’t know how breathtaking she was. Her beauty was mirrored on the inside and out. Traveling to Dubai, I was putting myself in a situation where I wouldn’t be able to show too much public affection. The religious foundation of the United Arab Emirates stood by core values that would land you in jail for offering a single kiss. It was ironic that keeping my hands to myself thus far hadn’t worked. And if that was any indication of my lack of restraint, then Lord help us all.





Chapter Thirteen





The Gulfstream G650 jet was comfortably in flight when the ‘fasten your seatbelt’ sign went off. Desiree pulled a bag into her lap and removed a notepad and ink pen.

“Do you mind if I ask you some questions, Julian?”

I folded my fingers together and stretched my legs out, crossing them at the ankles. “Not at all, ask away.”

Desiree smiled sweetly. “What process do you take to create a photo spread? And more specifically, how do you choose your themes?”

“My team is an essential part of my creativity. Without them, I couldn’t possibly put together an efficient photoshoot. The same crew is with me on most assignments. My assistant, Kelsey, whom you met getting on board; a casting director, fashion stylist, hair and make-up artists, photographers, a prop stylist and manicurist, and of course the models are all a part of bringing the vision to life.”

Desiree scribbled on her notepad as I spoke.

“Let me know if you need a minute to write this down,” I said.

“Thank you,” she responded. “Continue.”

“The first person I speak with is my photographer because I need him or her to have an understanding of what the theme involves. The photographer then tells the fashion stylist who then picks out the complete wardrobe for the models. The rest of the crew is briefed on the theme and ideas and planning take place. Creating a storyboard happens at this phase. For example; the theme for this spread is, ‘A day in the life of an Arabian king.’ So, throughout the photoshoot, we’ll align ourselves with different props to bring those images to life.”

I paused to give her time to finish scribbling. Desiree nodded slowly as she jotted down what I’d said. Relaxing in her chair, she crossed her legs.

“Earlier this week, you told me the Prime Minister had called. Did you have this theme in mind before or after that phone call was made?”

“It was a back burner story idea, one that I hadn’t shared with my team. I was currently shooting a single spread on a newly engaged couple. You may have heard of them, Shelby Nichole Donahue and Sebastian Cartwright.”

Desiree sat forward and pointed her ink pen. “The famous artist and photographer?”

“Yes,” I smiled.

“I shot a spread with Sebastian in Venice, and he and his best friend, Shelby, fell in love and are now engaged. She was eight months pregnant when I shot the pictures.”

“Wow,” Desiree said. “This is off topic, but, do you know them well at all?”

“I wouldn’t say I knew them well, but we’ve become acquainted enough that I received an invitation to their wedding.”

“A royal wedding,” Desiree mused, and I chuckled.

“Something like that.”

“You said they fell in love. So how long had they known each other?”

“The way it was told to me is they’ve known each other since grade school.”

“Wow again,” Desiree said. “Sounds like a fairy tale. I didn’t know things like that happened in real life.”

“They do,” I said.

Desiree’s gaze wandered off as she sat in thought.

“Do you believe in love, Desiree?”

Bringing her eyes back to me, she shifted in her seat. “Sure.”

I arched a brow. “Are you certain?”

She bit her bottom lip. “Yeah, I don’t know,” she finally said. “I’m sure love exists and some people find it, but some people don’t. So I guess it would depend on who you ask.”

“I’m asking you.”

Desiree held her tongue before speaking again. “Sure,” she said again. “Maybe one day, maybe not.”

We held each other in a stare down for the better part of a minute. Desiree cleared her throat.

“So, um,” she fumbled looking for a way to change the subject. “It was a back burner idea,” she sailed back on topic with ease, “and the Prime Minister’s call gave you the opportunity to bring that idea to fruition.”

“Yes.”

More scribbling on her notepad. I found it interesting that she preferred pen and paper instead of a laptop.

“So are there different brands or designers that you’re using with this particular shoot?”

“The designers are all famously known in Dubai.” I gave Desiree a few names.

“That’s a short list,” she said.

“Making the brands exclusive to the designers makes the spread unique. It’s a respective way to show homage to the city of Dubai, as well.”

“That’s an excellent way to say thank you.”

I tilted my head in agreeance.

“How big is your—”

Desiree paused when she saw a smile spread across my face. Her face heated and her cheeks flamed.

“I, um, was asking… how big is your,” she fumbled, “spread!”

Desiree shouted the word like it held the weight of a brick. Her uncomfortableness was also interesting and comical at the same time.

“Are you alright, Bella?”

“I’m fine,” she quipped, but the flush over her face said otherwise.

I decided to cut her some slack, if only for a moment.

“It’s a ten-page double-sided spread; vertical and horizontal images. Usually, this type of spread could be done over a few days. But, because of the specialty of the shoot, we’re using actual locations with props instead of props only. So in essence, on the one hand, we could’ve brought Dubai to say, Houston Texas and cleared out a building to reconstruct the look we’re going for from the ground up. But being on location, we will shuffle from one real life scene to the next, and have a little fun as we work.”

Desiree was back to scribbling notes again, no doubt appreciative for the reprieve.

“Will you be using a real king in the shoot, or do you have a model set to become a king for two weeks?”

She asked the question with her head down focused on her notes. When I didn’t respond, she peeled her eyes away from the paper to check on me. I waited for the connection before speaking again.

“I will be portraying the king Bella. The spread is paying tribute, so a real king isn’t needed this time.”

Desiree swept an eye over me, and a hint of a blush fell over her face. “How many models make up your team?”

“There will be thirty-two on this trip. That doesn’t include about fifteen of Dubai’s top models.”

The jet rocked slightly hitting a patch of turbulence. Desiree’s hand flew to grip the armrest.

“You’re okay,” I promised. “If we need to jump, I have the perfect parachute for you.”

At the horrified expression on her face, I laughed. “Es todo diversión y juegos mi amor…”

Desiree’s eyes faltered, and she rubbed a hand against her neck breathing evenly.

“I don’t know what you said, but I think I’m all for it.”

I laughed, never taking my eyes off of her.

“Do you make it a habit agreeing to things you don’t understand?” I asked.

“Never,” she responded. “Which is why I don’t even know why I said it.”

I laughed again. “You can’t take it back now.”

She kept a laser focus on me. “I hadn’t planned to.”

Our flirtation closed in on us, and I wondered how she would respond if I pulled her into my lap to taste her mouth in detail; much like the passionate kiss we’d shared on Monday. After tasting Desiree, my libido had been painfully high. I didn’t want to rush what I was now thinking may be our destiny, but taking things slow was tearing me apart. If this is what the makings of love was, I wanted more of it every second of every moment of every day with her. And after I was done, if she didn’t believe in love then, she would later. I had no intentions of letting Desiree become familiar with another after I’d set my sights on her. She didn’t know it, but I would make this known by words and actions.

“So what did you say?”

I smirked. “It’s all fun and games, my love.”

She rubbed her neck again.

“Why must you play about parachutes while we’re flying to the Middle East?”

I held my hands up in surrender. “You’re right, won’t happen again.”

She sighed with relief. “When did you learn to speak Spanish?”

“I learned Spanish like I learned English. Growing up in the household with our housekeeper, Norma, whose first language is Spanish, and being in attendance at private schools that taught a variety of languages, gave me the opportunity to become fluent.”

“Are you fluent in other languages?”

“Italian and French.”

“Wow, quite the overachiever, aren’t you?”

“I do what I can.”

“That’s for sure.”

“Would you like to get comfortable? There’s a living room area and bedroom in the back if you’d like to stretch out.”

“Why? Are you over me asking questions?”

“Not at all, but there will be plenty of time for that.”

Desiree sat her notepad down and stretched. “I don’t want to get in bed, but maybe stretching out on the couch would suffice.”

I stood and walked to her, holding my hand out. Desiree accepted and followed me to the living room that housed a sixty-inch flat screen HDTV, a sofa sleeper and sectional, that laced off one-third of the room. The luxurious amenities came furnished with the price tag on the sixty-million-dollar aircraft.

“Sit wherever you’d like,” I offered, making my way to the cherry wood grain TV stand to retrieve the remote control. “What would you like to watch, a movie perhaps?”

“What do you have?”

“I’m a fan of the classics myself; Love Jones, Brown Sugar, The Best Man…”

“Love Jones is fine,” she said. “Quite the lover, aren’t you?” She asked.

A lazy smile pulled at my lips. “I’ve been called worse, so I won’t take that as an insult.”

“It wasn’t meant to be one, but your movie selection says that’s your M.O. unless you just keep DVDs like that around to woo the ladies.”

A deep laugh trod from me. “You, Desiree, are a funny woman.”

I pressed play and strolled back to her. Taking a seat, I rested against the couch throwing my arm over the top. For a moment, Desiree looked like she wanted to shrink away, but before the thought took root, I reached for her pulling her flank against me.

We settled into a zone and watched the movie while taking sneak peeks at one another. It had felt like light years since my interest in a woman went beyond the physical, and enjoying my time with Desiree like this made me wonder what it would be like to have someone to call my own. The thing most fascinating was the aura that warmed me, felt invasive but pure and untainted. There was no motive of wanting sexual release from her, and she held no incentive of being on the arm of what I’d been deemed, a wealthy bachelor. Instead, we were two people enjoying the company of one another; basking in a delightful friendship that began budding the moment we’d set eyes on each other in that hospital room.

There were no promises made, no intentions sought after, no contract to be signed. It was refreshing, and the added chemistry that heated my core when we were around each other was a new edition; something I’d never experienced with anyone. When the movie ended, the disk changed and Brown Sugar came on. We were halfway through the film when Desiree fell asleep with her head resting against my chest. I held her there, but before long, she’d drifted into such a deep slumber that she spread and stretched; her head now in my lap and her legs lying languidly down the couch.

I watched her for a long moment. The tug on my chest tussled with my mind, going back and forth, telling me I was falling for her while I denied it in the same thought. I reasoned I didn’t know her. We had only been acquainted for a few weeks. Love like this wasn’t possible. But everything I felt denied the silent rebuttal.

“Do you need anything?”

I glanced up to see Kelsey standing in the doorway.

“Something to drink or eat,” she questioned. Looking down to Desiree she offered. “A blanket maybe?”

“I’ll take a blanket and something to drink.”

Kelsey disappeared and re-emerged moments later. She spread the dark blue blanket over Desiree and handed me a bottled water.

“Thank you,” I said. “You’re the best.”

She grinned. “Tell me something I don’t know.”

I chuckled.

“Are you sure you don’t need anything else?”

“Certain.”

Kelsey gave me two thumbs up and left the room. I finished off the water, but my thirst was not quenched. Glancing down at Desiree, I knew within her lied my refreshment.



“Julian, wake up.”

My eyes opened and I stared up into Kelsey’s face. I glanced around. “Did I fall asleep?”

“You did, and we’re getting ready to land in thirty minutes.”

Desiree lay still across my lap. I’d never slept sitting upright unless I was dog tired, so I wondered for a moment, if relaxation had taken over. I reached down, sifting my hand under the blanket to rub Desiree across her arms. She stirred and turned her body from her side to her back to look up at me.

“Oh my God, I fell asleep on you.” She invited me in with her soft smile.

“Anytime Bella, anytime.”

“What time is it? Felt like I slept for a month.”

I chuckled. “Not quite a month. We’re getting ready to land in thirty minutes.”

Her eyes popped. “Land? Already?”

“Mmhmm.”

“So I did sleep a month!”

This brought hearty laughter from me.

“Oh my God,” she said again, rising to sit. She threw her legs over the sofa and stretched. “I am not good company, am I?”

“The best.”

She smirked. “And you’re too sweet to tell me when I suck.”

I chuckled. “You’re being too hard on yourself.”

“I need to freshen up. Bathroom?” She asked.

I left the couch standing to my feet, and offered her a hand. She accepted it, and her touch warmed my palm. We walked together, making our way to the bedroom in the rear of the jet. The closer we got, the tighter her fingers closed around mine. Desiree was nervous. When I’d mentioned stretching out across the bed earlier, she’d quickly shot that notion down; opting to lay across the sofa instead. I wondered if she thought I would love her and leave her. It was not ridiculous if she did. I could admit; my expertise with women only came from the promiscuous behavior I’d promoted throughout the last decade.

But if Desiree only knew my inner struggle, she might think differently. Inside the room, I stopped short and pointed to a door in front of us.

“Use whatever you need. This room is yours; bathroom is through that door. I’ve already taken the initiative to place your bags there on the dresser. If you require anything…”

“Thanks.”

“Anytime, Bella.”

I pulled my eyes away from her and left in search of a cold shower. It was supposed to cool off the heated temperature of my skin, but I found myself assaulted with thoughts of Desiree. Standing in front of me, bare skin, droplets of water running down the plumpness of her breasts to her brown areolas. I pulled my bottom lip between my teeth and held back my head allowing the exuberant force from the shower head to spray my face as if it would wash the images away. Maybe I was in over my head. What did I know about being with a single woman anyway? I had my doubts about what I was pursuing. This was unknown territory.

I left the shower and got myself together for the day. The next time I saw Desiree, she was sashaying through the hallway quietly. When my eyes fell on her, I knew I was a goner. I loved Desiree’s beautifully feminine face, her soulful eyes, and plush mouth. Her lips held a soft shine; then she blessed me with a glowing smile.

“Is this okay?” She asked.

Words were lost on me as my perusal traveled over her. The white Arabian dress she wore complimented the white satin cravat that covered her hair. If my eyes were a laser, Desiree’s silhouette would be on fire.

Her beautiful lips moved. “I thought maybe I should dress the part,” she said. “Did I go overboard?” She twisted her lips uncertain about her decision.

My voice was gruff when I spoke. “You’re a goddess.” I’d never felt so confident about anything in my life. Desiree blushed, and I moved wanting to be closer. I took her hand in mine and caressed the top of her skin while keeping my focus on her eyes. Her lashes fell, and she shivered; the fragrance wafting from her coated me with rouse.

“Come with me,” I said keeping hold of her hand. I helped Desiree into the seat she claimed upon taking off and buckled her belt to prepare for landing. Whenever I had the pleasure of touching her, a surging heat wave shot through me. It happened so often it took an extraordinary effort on my part to keep from ruining her every time. Her lashes gave off a subtle flutter as she watched my every movement, and her mouth beckoned me to dip in for a succulent kiss. An overhead speaker crackled then Kelsey’s voice came through.

“We’re minutes outside of Dubai International Airport, and we’ve been given the go ahead to land. If you haven’t already, please take your seats and get ready for this smooth landing.”

“Thank you,” Desiree said.

I pulled away from her and took my seat.

“Anytime Bella,” I said. “Anytime.”





Chapter Fourteen




United Arab Emirates, Dubai

1:30 pm Gulf Time

Desiree





The humidity in Dubai’s noonday sky sat dense and heavy. After we landed things began to move swiftly. Julian went from relaxed to busy, and his cell phone rang a never-ending beat as we navigated through Dubai to the port of the gulf. His stern professionalism didn’t stop him from being a complete gentleman; opening doors, and offering me breakfast although it was apparent a rigorous work day was ahead of him. I’d had a croissant and cup of lemon water as we continued to move, and now we crossed a deck to board a yacht that was the size of a football field. To say I was impressed was an understatement, but I didn’t want to bubble over in a fit of oohs and ahs, so I held my excitement in.

Still, the enormous vessel astonished me. Julian switched his cell from one ear to the other and checked his wristwatch. The conversation he held didn’t stop his forward advancement. We moved through the hall of the enormous ship traveling below deck to a gorgeous room. Black marble tile covered the floor with specks of white checkered across. A rose gold carpet sat in the middle with a black modern, clean line leather sofa, perched on top. Gold ottomans sat in front of the sofa and the ceiling revealed a double square pattern with a gold chandelier hanging from the center like a bejeweled necklace.

“This is beautiful,” I said almost to myself.

Julian turned giving me a grin as he continued his conversation on the phone. I left his side to take a stroll around the luxurious room. The double doors leading to another area were made of crystal glass. With each part of the great room my eyes landed on, I committed the detail to memory. Words that would spill later in my report shuffled through my thoughts. A beautiful canvas of sixteenth century art adorned the walls. The room was made for royalty, and I almost felt invasive for being there. The double doors opened, and a tall, thin man with a camera hanging on his shoulder sailed through the door. Next to him, Kelsey glided with ease; a clipboard in hand and a scowl on her face. Julian ended his call and spoke to her.

“What is it,” he asked, curious about what caused the normally jubilant woman to frown.

“Sandra’s ill. She ate something that did not sit well with her stomach, and she can’t keep her head out of the commode longer than five minutes. We can’t use her.”

“Where’s Lila?” Julian asked.

Kelsey grimaced. “She missed her flight and won’t make it to Dubai until tomorrow afternoon. We’re missing your leading lady.”

I expected Julian to throw a tantrum. After all, this was his baby. While I reviewed him on the plane, I could tell that he took pride in this endeavor. Most CEO’s in a business like this would probably put everyone in a lineup and fire them all. Not Julian. He was as calm as the light breeze outside the ship. He turned to me; an easy smile registering across his face.

I frowned hoping he wasn’t thinking what I thought he might be. With a few strides, he stood before me, his hands reaching out to couple mine.

“Bella,” his smooth voice cruised. “I need a favor.”

My eyes stretched, but I kept my mouth closed in case my words came out baffled.

“I need you to be my Arabian queen.”

My heart knocked against my chest, and I swallowed bracing myself for what would surely be a fight.

“What do you mean?” I asked.

“The models playing the queen’s role are unavailable. I need you,” he said. “If you dare, of course.”

Julian had no idea how his words affected me, but I ignored those tumultuous emotions and pressed forward with my declination.

“I couldn’t possibly. Surely you have someone else that can play the part.”

“I don’t, Bella,” he said.

“You told me you had thirty-two models and others from Dubai,” I pushed.

“They all have their roles. Some are playing other parts while others are their backup. I need you.”

I shook my head. “What about Kelsey? She has to be more capable than me.”

“Kelsey has a million jobs already,” he said. “Por favor hazme Este favor precioso?”

I groaned and shut my eyes. “So this is how you get your way with the ladies?”

A charming smile graced his masculine lips. “No,” he said. “Just you.”

I couldn’t stop my grin, and I was unmistakably sure my cheeks were red. It was nice of him to think I could pull off the look of a model. But the more it sat on my brain, the more terrified I became.

“What do I need to do?” I asked giving in.

His smile became broader, and he turned and barked out orders. Again, we were moving fast as I was shuffled from fashion stylists, to make up artists, to hair stylists. I had never been pulled and fussed over, so this experience was more than overwhelming. Besides that, there was a knot in my stomach about what I had gotten myself into. Though I wasn’t speaking out loud, the conversation I held with myself was shunting, to say the least.

Desiree Stevens, you are an investigative reporter, not a model. Have you lost all of your mind?

I had lost my mind and I noticed a pattern. Julian was manipulating me with his charm. If that were even possible.

What’s gotten into you?

I just didn’t know, but they say there was a first time for everything. That statement couldn’t have held more truth. Within twenty minutes I’d been transformed into an Arabian queen. Standing in a full-length mirror, I gawked at my reflection. The maroon silk material covered my head, while another piece wrapped around my face leaving only my eyes on display. The dark mascara sat shaded on my lids giving me an exotic appeal. My brows had been arched and jewels trailed a pattern down my forehead to the bridge of my nose.

Overhead, an arrangement of jewels sat on the edges of golden tassels hanging from my scarf just above my brows. The silk shawl material traveled down my image, weaving in and around my arms, waist, and legs. More makeup feathered my hands and jewels sat crowned around my knuckles. In my mind, the childhood song from Aladdin, ‘A Whole New World’, sang a tune throughout. I smiled and giggled, catching myself before I started to dance.

The door burst open and Kelsey came through snapping her fingers at the models as some of the stylists finished completing their looks.

“We need you all in place,” Kelsey said. “Where’s our Arabian queen,” she shouted.

I turned from the mirror and she glanced at me, her eyes popping. “Ms. Stevens?”

Shyly, I nodded.

“Guilty,” I said.

“Lady, you are gorgeous!” She walked over to me and my cheeks tightened as I held in a blush.

“Thank you,” I said.

“No, thank you, if you hadn’t have stepped in I don’t know what we would’ve done. Consider yourself the hero for today. Come, let me show you to your king.”

Kelsey grabbed my hand and pulled me from the room. Behind me, other models bobbed and weaved through the ongoing traffic of designers making their way to the set. We pushed through a double door and entered a banquet style room. Long mahogany tables sat around the walls in a fashionable, elegant demonstration. They were covered with golden cloths and decorated with what appeared to be expensive china. The background held a blue glow as if setting the scene for royalty. Kelsey pulled me along, walking hurriedly, and I was proud of myself for not stumbling.

When we approached a table at the front of the hall, my footsteps slowed when I saw Julian. He also wore the head covering of an Arabian king, and it hung down his head, past his masculine neck touching the robe covering his broad shoulders. His stance was strong, unwavering and striking. I’d never seen a king that looked as arrestingly handsome as he. My mouth dried instantly, leaving my throat parched. He’d stepped into his role effortlessly as if it was in his nature to do so. It was when his gaze landed on me that I felt my whole body incinerate. His invasive stare claimed every part of me as his eyes fell dark and wandered all over.

“Sabia que harias una Hermosa reina…”

I squirmed at his words although I was clueless to their meaning.

“You do know I don’t speak Spanish, right,” I said.

He pulled his bottom lip in with his teeth.

“I knew you would make a stunning queen,” he reiterated in English.

I’m sure my cheeks flamed. I cleared my throat and glanced around nervously before settling my eyes back on him.

“Thank you,” I said.

Julian held his hand out and I accepted it. The force of his pull was deliberate but steady and firm.

“You’ll sit here.”

Three people approached me helping me into the perfect position for the camera shots. The chair I sat in was outlined with gold trim that I was certain cost a fortune. The thick arms on the chair were covered in the same golden material that lay across the banquet tables. Julian took his position in a high back chair similar to the one I occupied. There was no table in front of us and the layout told me we were the centerpiece. More models crowded around us, each dressed in a different Arabian gown and jewels. I didn’t know much about kingdom life, but from everything going on around us, I guessed which role each person played as their true to life imagery came alive.

The photographer stood in front of us with an assortment of camera’s, tripods, and different lighting. My heart beat a million miles a second and I was sure at any moment I’d mess up my makeup when a bead of sweat glistened across my forehead. As if sensing my nervousness, Julian’s hand covered mine. I looked at him.

“You’re fine,” he said. “And beautiful.”

“You need to stop doing that,” I said.

He quirked a brow.

“I don’t want to get used to you telling me how beautiful I am. It’s not normal.”

I know I sounded crazy. Julian must have thought so too because his expression froze.

“Alright everybody, same routine different story. I’ll countdown from three. You give me your best pose,” the camera man shouted.

Julian was still staring at me. Although I wasn’t looking at him, I could feel his gaze heavy at my side. Everyone posed becoming as still as statues. The flash from the camera multiplied as the camera man made sure not to miss a beat.

“Switch!” the camera man yelled. The models moved around us finding other positions and there were more flashes from the camera.

“Switch,” he yelled again. For a second, I felt like the odd man out. Everyone was moving but me, I held the same pose and position. I took a chance at a glance over to Julian. He was no longer watching me and that made me breathe a sigh of relief. The banquet shots went on for another hour, and somewhere past the thirty-minute mark, I was placed in other positions but always next to Julian.

When it was over, I retreated hastily, needing to grab a moment of solitude to shake off my nervousness. Truth be told, I was terrified of what I would look like in front of the camera. I’d never been one to worry about my weight. I was the type of person that could eat without exercising and not gain a pound. Nevertheless, being in a room full of beautiful men and women who daily put their professional lives on the line and were serious about it, made me feel unworthy and self-conscious.

The door to the bathroom opened and Kelsey walked in.

“Are you okay, honey?”

I gave her a quick smile and shook my head.

“Fine,” I said.

“If it helps you any, you’re done for the day, so you can relax if you must.”

I peered at her. “What do you mean for the day?”

“You don’t know?”

“Know what?”

Kelsey mumbled. “I think he set me up for this.”

“Excuse me, what are you talking about?”

“Well, because you’ve played a major role, whenever we need to pair the king and queen together, you’ll have to hold her spot.”

My mouth dropped. “Are you serious?”

Kelsey looked pensive. “Yeah, we can’t have a different queen in other photos. The same roles remain unless…”

“Unless what?”

“You become ill and hopefully that doesn’t happen. I don’t know how many illnesses I can take.” Kelsey shook her head. “Anyway, take a load off. You did great today for your first time. Oh and congratulations.”

“For what?”

“Being with this cast makes you officially an international model.”





Chapter Fifteen





I needed to get some fresh air. Kelsey had laid a brick on me, and she spoke as if it wasn’t a problem at all. I didn’t know what bothered me most. That Julian had set me up or that I’d taken the bait. Either way, I didn’t see my nervousness toning down anytime soon. After Kelsey left me stunned in the ladies room, I exited shortly behind her going straight for the deck of the ship. I still wore the costume, and somehow, I knew it wouldn’t be as easy getting out of it myself like when I’d been helped into the silk garment. The deck held a lounge overlooking the Arabian Gulf. I strolled to the edge and shut my eyes, inhaling the Gulf winds. My pulse slowed, and my heart rate decreased as I focused on the serenity of the moment. Reopening my eyes, I looked out over the sea. Who would’ve thought I’d ever be here, in Dubai dressed like an Arabian queen no doubt? A small smile filtered my lips. I was seconds away from being completely noncompliant, but this little moment of peace gave me clarity.

Sure, I was here on assignment, but it didn’t mean I couldn’t have some fun. I had a pep talk with myself. From this moment further, I would live a little and indulge in all Dubai had to offer. Why not? The afternoon turned into late evening, and I’d ventured over half of the yacht. I hadn’t seen much of Julian since shooting with him earlier, and I wondered what he thought of my performance. There was still that uneasiness in the back of my mind that I did horrible and they wouldn’t be able to use the pictures with me in them. Every time it crossed my mind I felt a dizzying embarrassment. After a while, I returned to the dressing room and removed the costume I still wore. Returning to my newly purchased Arabian dress and scarf, I slid my feet into my wedge heels and made sure to hang the costume where I’d seen the stylist pick it up earlier. I went to the mirror to wash my face of the foundation then second guessed myself and decided to keep it. Taking a final glance at the costume, I pushed through the double doors only to stumble into a wall of abs.

“There you are,” Julian said. His hands gripped me to help me keep my balance. “I’ve looked for you all over this yacht. For a minute there I thought you’d hightailed it out of here on the next flight smoking.” A calming smile spread across his face. “I just want you to know it was never my intention to put you in a position you’d rather not be in. If you feel I’ve manipulated you in any way, forgive me. I’d rather be mauled to death than have you think ill of me.” He held out the champagne flute in his hand. “Can I offer you something to drink?”

“I thought alcohol was forbidden in Dubai?” I said, gladly taking the champagne flute to sip the sweet liquor.

“In public, Bella, this is private.”

I arched a brow. “This is private?” I asked referring to the large ship.

Julian chuckled. “Believe it or not it is.”

He sipped from his own glass and took a step closer.

“Earlier today you spoke about it being abnormal to receive praise on a regular basis.”

I froze wanting to change the subject instantly.

“You should know, Bella, it’s abnormal for you to not hear it on a regular. And as long as we’re around each other, there is no way I would contain it.”

His words were passionate, and I wanted to ask a million times over. Why? I wanted detail but was too afraid to get it. Why did he feel the need to constantly remind me how beautiful he thought I was? As much as he alleged it was the normal thing to do, men nowadays didn’t show appreciation for women like that. Not the type of grade C men I dated before. Inwardly, I groaned, but simultaneously reveled in his words. It never failed; whenever I was in Julian’s path, I warmed all over, and the mind-numbing feeling never got old. I looked away from him and took another sip of my champagne. When Julian’s warm hand touched my face, I closed my eyes and exhaled slowly turning back to him.

“Julian,” I said, “We can both agree that we’re attracted to each other, but I don’t think—”

My words were swallowed when his heated mouth touched mine. Soft, prolonged and indulging; his lips explored the inner recesses of my own. I moaned as a blaze of molten lava traveled through me like a waterfall. His free arm circled my waist and the champagne flute, in his hand, shattered against the marble tile.

“Clean up on aisle one,” he growled against my lips.

A laugh tickled through me, but before I could speak, his mouth took me whole again, sucking my lips and spreading them forcefully with his tongue. I moaned again and my arms instinctively wrapped around his neck. I still held my champagne flute but it was seconds away from becoming friends with the one on the floor. Julian’s hands discovered my backside, reaching down to cup my butt. I was losing myself in his rough exploration and all thoughts of where we were vanished. When he lifted me, I gasped, and the feel of his strong masculine palms burned against my bare thighs. My legs had a mind of their own as they coiled around his waist. We fell into the door, re-entering the dressing room. It was then that my champagne glass fell. My fingers found his neck and trailed up to the back of his head. Julian growled into my mouth, and his erection bobbled against my now soaking wet panties. His steps didn’t stop until my back was pressed against a closet door. My heart slammed against my chest in a staccato rhythm. His fingers slipped between the thin material laying against my mound, and I shuddered at his invasion. Instantly his fingers were drenched with my cream, and he rubbed circles around my clitoris.

“Aaah,” I moaned, my head falling backward.

“Tan mojado,” he whispered against my lips. “Stop me before it’s too late, Bella,” he begged, but I was just as far away as he.

My fingers found the collar of his shirt, and I pulled, effectively popping every button that hid his spectacular broad torso from me. My desperation to feel the waves of pecs rub against my skin threatened my very sanity. Julian’s hungry kisses were a force to be reckoned with, and one of his fingers slipped inside me. I gasped, my mouth falling open. With his mouth, Julian nibbled across my jaw gliding his finger in and out of my slippery folds.

“Mmmm,” I moaned squirming in his arms.

The metallic grind of a zipper buzzed, and the pressure from his extended cock spread the walls of my vagina satisfying every conceivable inch. My mouth dropped as his girth thrust into me with bulldozing strength. I went to scream, and he covered my mouth effectively drowning out my cries. A coat of sated heat and toe curling pleasure found its way around me with inviting fervor. I hung onto Julian for dear life as he gripped my ass and bounced me up and down, impaling me repeatedly.

Connecting to his pelvis, each deep thrust pulled me closer and closer to a disrespectful orgasm; the kind that squirted out of you with no care as to your partner’s release. A shaken moan crawled up my throat and again my lips were removed from his. Pinning me against the wall, Julian’s hand slid underneath my scarf to grip my strands. Pulling my hair back, his lips thrummed down my neck and his thrusts never ceased. He dug into me with untamed passion like getting his fill would sustain his life. We breathed, panted, and bounced off each other, cast in a sheen of perspiration.

My thighs began to quake on the verge of what would be a very intense eruption. Heat poured through my womb, and a strangled cry left my throat.

“Julian!” I screamed; my manicured nails gripping the flesh on the back of his neck.

“Si Hermosa,” he responded.

My voice cracked as I tried to speak audible words.

“I’m coming…” I moaned.

My declaration seemed to fuel him. His hard-muscular thighs met my buttocks as he ruthlessly pounded my sex. My ears popped as we elevated, hitting the moon together. His language barrier crossed over from English to Spanish, to Italian and back again. I closed my eyes and screamed again as hot cum ran down my thighs coating his shaft and sac. He shuddered inside me and continued using a foreign tongue to speak. My forehead rested on his shoulder, and I was afraid of what would happen when my feet met the ground again.

Seconds turned into minutes that we held each other in a blissful euphoria. Julian’s hands trailed down my back, his lips meeting my mouth again for a slow spellbinding kiss. When I heard voices outside the door, the cloud we hovered in dissipated, bringing reality back, but not as fast as it should’ve. While I instantly froze, Julian’s lips kept up the tug and pull at mine as if he hadn’t heard a thing.

“Someone’s outside. We are going to get caught!” I said in a whisper.

A mischievous smile floated across his face.

“Are you scared, Bella?”

I panicked, my eyes jumping around the room the closer the voices became.

“Oh my God,” I said. Julian seemed to enjoy my nervousness. “We can’t get caught!” I hissed.

Julian nibbled on my jaw, his eyes heavy with low lids. He didn’t seem to have a care in the world.

“Where did this glass come from,” one voice said. They were right outside the door. To say I freaked out was an understatement. Julian chuckled then slowly pulled out of me setting me on my feet. His withdrawal made me whimper, and my hand flew to my mouth. Quickly I pulled my dress down and grabbed his hand pulling him along to the bathroom that sat beside the closet door.

That didn’t seem to be the best idea. It didn’t come to me until the moment we were inside the dark room. Julian reached for the knob and turned the lock, and the hairs on my skin rose. In a matter of seconds, my dress was gone, and I stood quivering at the glowing onyx of his dark gray eyes. He moved toward me with a stealthy determination. Whatever my fate, at that moment, had been sealed by him. He reached me swiftly, coming to a crouch before me. Strong heavy hands drug down my panties to wrap around my ankles on the cool floor. I stepped out of them coaching them to the side with my feet. Julian’s exquisite mouth touch my clitoris, and my knees buckled. With strong arms, Julian held me in placed as he lapped at my labia. A moan threatened to sail out of me, but I momentarily remembered the voices in the room. Julian was not letting up, and I was two seconds away from giving a damn.

The glide of his tongue spread over my essence sliding inside my core. My arms instinctively coupled his head, and I gritted my teeth and threw my head back on the edge of a squeal. Julian licked, then sucked, and whipped his tongue and my body tingled with heated nostalgia. Fire blistered through my veins, and just like that, I was coming. Hard.

“Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God,” I whispered with a hushed shudder. The vibration spread throughout me, and the little weight I held up collapsed in Julian’s arms. He spoke to me but I couldn’t hear him with the ring that sounded in my ear drums. Julian held me as my body quaked and trembled; whispering sweet nothings into my ear in an Italian dialect. My shuddering seemed to continue for what felt like an eternity, and I closed my eyes in awe of the serenaded serendipity.

Julian kissed the top of my head, and my hearing was back. My mind whirled with thoughts of being with him again and again. The connection we had was uncanny and nothing I’d ever felt before. Finally, I sighed and moved a part from his embrace. His hand tightened just a bit around my hand, and I paused to look at him.

“Let me help you,” his thick voice drummed. We rose from the floor, and he lifted my soiled panties to his lips. “These belong to me.”

It was a dark, commanding statement.

My nipples hardened, and I realized being around this man was going to spoil me for anyone that came after him. “Is it possible for me to make a trip to my hotel room?” I asked.

Julian covered me, bringing my Arabian dress over my head. “We’ll go right now,” he said.

I adjusted my clothing and Julian enclosed my hand in his. I stared up at his shadowy outline, and he stared back. A moment passed before he moved toward the door unlocking the latch. A woman spoke to another, and I recognized the voice as Kelsey’s. Mortified that I would get caught screwing the boss, I put my hand against Julian’s expansive chest stopping his forward progress.

“Find out who left this glass broken in here and outside the door,” Kelsey ordered someone else. “Whoever it is, is fired!” She fumed.

Their voices moved and disappeared as Kelsey continued to fuss. I dropped my hand and opened the door. Julian threaded my fingers between his. Reentering the dressing room, I made an attempt at a joke.

“Oooh, you’re getting fired,” I sang.

Julian chuckled. “I guess it’s a good thing I’m the boss then.

I pursed my lips together. “Show off,” I squeaked. Julian stopped walking and pulled my back into him tickling my sides. I balked, squirmed, and laughed slipping through his fingers, out of his arms and through the double doors. He caught up to me before I made it to the stairs and I came undone as he pulled me into him again, nibbling at my earlobe, scooping me up like a sweet snack.

I love you.

The fleeting thought sailed through me without hesitation. I froze, completely terrified by my minds turn. What was that about? Had I lost it? I stepped to the side with ease disconnecting from his touch.

“We should go,” I said.

Julian stared at me for a moment, pulling his lips in with his teeth.

“After you,” he said.

I shook my head vigorously. “I’m not falling for that again,” I said.

“Why,” he asked, “Don’t you trust me?”





Chapter Sixteen





The distinguished beachfront hotel, Jumeirah, sat overlooking the Arabian Gulf’s crystal-clear waters. The wavelike structure beamed against the sun’s rays. But as the sun slowly set, a medley of lights lit up around the building, casting the architectural structure in an incandescent glow. Julian and I entered the upscale resort heading to the elevators that took us to the top of the high-rise building. As we ascended, Julian’s words reverberated through me.

Don’t you trust me?

There were many things I trusted about him. I trusted him to keep me safe while we were in Dubai. I trusted that he would keep me caught up on all activities during our stay. I trusted his judgment on all that Dubai had to offer. I trusted he’d be truthful and up front about this photo spread so my report would be polished. But, did I trust him with my heart? I swung my eyes in his direction. He stood next to me with his gaze sending a laser across my skin.

Yes.

Surprisingly enough, I wanted to trust him. I wanted to explore more of this undeniable chemistry we shared. But could I?

No.

I pulled my gaze away from his just as the elevator paused and opened letting on a group of women. The rules of Dubai’s culture must not have appealed to them because they were dressed in pool gear. The women wore skintight bikinis and bathing suits that rode down their backside holding a tight cup against their derrieres that sat almost on full display. I willed myself not to peek at Julian. He was a man after all, and if I caught him staring at the women, I was sure it would cut me just a little. One of the ladies turned toward him.

“Hey gorgeous,” she crooned.

“Good evening,” he responded. Her glance slid to me. “Hi,” she offered.

“Hello,” I sang.

She glanced back to Julian then me again. “Yours?” She asked, questioning if Julian and I were a couple.

I opened my mouth to speak but was swept up as Julian drew me near to nibble on my ear again. I blushed, and a wave of chills covered my skin.

“I guess that answers my question,” the woman said turning back to her friends. The elevator stopped, and the women exited leaving us alone again.

I eased out of his arms. “Are you sure you want to give the impression that we’re an item?”

“Yeah,” he said, “I’m sure.”

My heart rocked, and I looked away steadying the rising hitch of my breathing. There was that lingering question. The one I wanted to ask but didn’t.

“Is that a problem for you?” he inquired.

The elevator stopped again. “This is us, right?” I asked.

“Yes,” he said, “This is us.”

I exited the elevator stepping into the hallway. Julian pulled my hand into his and tangled our arms. We walked side by side to stop at a door at the end of the hall.

“This is you,” Julian said, his eyes casting a caress over my skin.

“Julian,” I said sliding my hand against his face, “you don’t owe me anything because of what happened back on the yacht. I don’t care to play games with you. Pretending to be a couple isn’t necessary.”

“I don’t want to pretend either. It’s not my style.”

I agreed with a nod of my head. “Then we understand each other.”

Julian eased his arm around my waist. “Bella, I have no intention of playing games with you. Not even for a second. I won’t deny that I want you much more than I’ve ever wanted anyone or anything. We agree we’re attracted to each other. We should explore it and see where it leads us. Let me take you to dinner. I feel guilty; I haven’t fed you all day. If you’ll allow it, that is.”

The shaded heat cruising through me was more potent than anything I’d ever felt. “Explore it?” I asked.

“Si Mi Amor…” Julian pulled my hand to his lips and kissed the back of it sending a torch through my veins.

“Um,” I was askance.

“Say yes,” he prodded.

My eyes dropped to his lips then back to his handsome sculpted face.

“O-okay,” I said uncertainly.

He smiled wide and debonair.

“8:30,” he questioned.

I smiled softly. “8:30.”

Julian pulled out a room key and opened my door.

“This belongs to you,” he said.

“Thanks.”

“I’m in the room across the hall if you need anything.”

I nodded. “I’ll be ready.”

I entered the hotel suite closing the door behind me. When I heard it click, I fell against it and shut my eyes for a second. After a long minute of inhaling and exhaling, I pushed off the woodgrain door, making my way through the luxury suite to find my items sitting in bags on top of a king size mattress. I let out a deep breath and wondered what I was getting myself into. As I moved through the room to the master bathroom a plethora of emotions took hold of me. Exploring our attraction? We had physically done that already. But seeing where it leads shook me. Thoughts of Cameron and the love I thought we shared assaulted me. It tore me apart all over again. It’s not that I wasn’t over the ordeal, but remembering how blissfully in love I was and how perfect I thought we were, only to find we were everything but sickened me. I promised myself I’d never play the fool again.

So how could I even bring myself around to exploring anything with any man, but especially Julian? Men with high popularity weren’t known to be with one woman and I didn’t want to waste time finding out what I was sure I already knew.

I sighed and stepped into the shower turning up under the spray.

You’ll never know unless you go for it.

I hated that I felt such insecurity in men. I also loved that Julian wanted to find out if what we shared could turn into something more. I couldn’t get my hopes up. While I wanted to believe Julian and I could share so much, I couldn’t disappoint myself. The last time sent me into depression. My life was too precious. I wouldn’t put myself in harm’s way again. And yet, part of me had already hung on to the fact that I was falling for him. I shut my eyes laboring over deep breaths. I put my mind at ease by singing, ‘A Whole New World.’ It brought a smile to my face as I finished my shower and moved around the expansive bathroom. When I made it to the end of the song, I started up again, giggling in a childlike fashion. An hour and a half later, I stepped onto the balcony scanning the beachfront and darkened still waters of the Arabian Gulf.

Everything would be alright, I told myself. No sweat, no pressure. It was the reassurance I needed. My cell buzzed, and it was then I realized I hadn’t contacted Santana or Fredrick to let them know I made it safely and give them updates on what happened so far. I knew Fredrick was probably losing his mind since I had my cell off during the flight and the first part of the day. I sauntered over to my device and checked my screen. It wasn’t Santana or Fredrick.

Are you ready, Bella?

That whole pep talk I had with myself flat lined, and desire stirred within me.

Yes.

It was a simple response, but it felt like a lot more.

I’m coming for you.

The stir turned into a full tornado. My nipples pebbled painfully and my vagina pulsed. The way my body reacted to this man was mystifying. Quickly, I stepped to the full-length mirror and checked my image. I’d changed into a similar Arabian dress like the white one I wore earlier except this one was black. My shoes were also spiked instead of wedged. It was astonishing how much of a difference the black appeared then the white. The gold neckline was enough to keep me from wearing a necklace. Gold bracelets and bangles adorned my wrists and ears. A simple, elegant anklet wrapped around my ankle. I moved back to my belongings and sprayed a mist of peach fragrance over my skin.

There was a knock at the door, and my pulse beat out of control. Why was I so nervous? My feet moved across the room, and I opened the door. Julian was dressed down in a simple button-down shirt with sleeves rolled up to his elbows. The black pants he wore settled against his powerful thighs just right, and his feet were hidden behind black loafers with his caramel ankles on display. There was a dash of astonishment on his face mixed with a stern appreciation of my chosen dress.

“You looked surprised?” I said.

“I was sure you’d invited me inside to finish getting ready.”

I grinned. “Didn’t want to leave you waiting.”

He sucked in his bottom lip. “There are many times that I would mind the wait. But, I can’t say this would’ve been one of them.”

I twisted my lips. “Are you always this charming, Mr. Rose?”

His mouth quirked up in a easy smile. “Just with you mi Amor, just with you.”

I blushed and closed the door behind me tucking my clutch underneath my arm. Julian clasped my hand interlacing our fingers, and we slowly strolled to the elevators. The night began with countless moments of us stopping our conversation to just stare at each other. I wondered what he felt and thought, but instead of asking, I just followed his lead. We ended up at an Italian restaurant inside the hotel. There was really no reason to go anywhere else.

Jumeirah beach hotel was home to twenty restaurant and bars with six pools, a dive Centre, a spa, and gym, and of course its own private beach. As the night moved, I began to think Julian had planned this all out. Our four-course meal consisted of Bruschetta, an Italian dish made of grilled bread rubbed with garlic, topped with olive oil, salt, diced tomatoes, and shredded cheese. That was just the appetizer. An Italian romaine house salad that was prepared with lemon vinaigrette was complimentary. Our Entrée, a beef morcon for him and chicken Marsala for me, sizzled off our dishes. I was on the edge of being stuffed when our dessert arrived. It was unbelievable how my stomach made room for the triple chocolate cake we were presented with. I reached for my glass of red wine and took a hearty sip.

“I don’t think I can eat anymore,” I said although I’d already decided I would take at least two bites of the mouthwatering chocolate treat.

“It’s okay,” Julian said, “I’ll feed it to you later.”

I smiled, tinged with a warmth I was becoming accustomed to.

“Later?” I checked the time on my watch. It was 10:23. Any later than this would call for a night cap.

“You never know,” he drawled, “You may find yourself wanting a snack in the middle of the night.”

My stomach churned, and the thump between my thighs grew. I slid a hand behind my neck and absentmindedly fluffed my hair underneath my scarf. Julian sat back in his seat.

“Take a walk with me, Bella.”

He held his hand out, and I took it, wanting to go anywhere with him.





Chapter Seventeen


Julian





Dubai’s dark blue atmosphere was ideal for a romantic setting. I hadn’t noticed the starry skyline on my last visit, although this particular visit was nothing like any trip I’d made in my lifetime. I reached down and linked our fingers together. Whenever we were side by side, the need to connect with her in some way remained significant. I stepped into the grains of sand but Desiree halted, and I turned to her.

“I need to take my shoes off,” she said.

My eyes roamed down to her bare legs, and spiked heels, and my manhood bobbed against my zipper. A part of me felt like Desiree was teasing me, wearing a similar ensemble as her earlier one, but looking like a mysterious vixen in the same notion.

“Here, let me help you,” I said. I found myself wanting to help Desiree with everything; the desire for her to want and need me becoming stronger by the day. I still couldn’t understand this emotion, but I wasn’t willing to dismiss it without finding out why my heart pounded so fiercely when I was around her, or why I wanted to be her provider, lover, and friend.

“It’s okay,” she said. “I can get it.”

Desiree leaned into me for support as she reached down to remove the high heels. She scooped the shoes up, and they hung off of her fingertips while she moved into the sand with me.

“Wow, this sand is so cool.”

We began our walk down the beach. “It’s like this in the desert, too,” I said.

Her brows rose. “Really?”

I gave her a half grin. “At night, the temperature drops, and where it’s scorching hot during the day, you would need a light jacket or sweater at night.”

“Are we going to the desert?”

“Tomorrow, we’re shooting a scene on camelback.”

“When you say we, you mean, you and me?”

I stopped walking to stare at her. “Yes and a few others.” I watched her closely. “Is there something wrong?”

“I don’t want to mess up your photoshoot.” She sighed. “Have you seen the other’s we’ve taken today?”

“Bella, you absolutely have no idea how beautiful you are, do you?”

Her face heated and she dropped her head which I lifted just as quickly.

“Listen to me,” my hands slipped to hold her face in my palms. “The pictures will be perfect. I’ve been through the frames, and if it makes you feel better, I’ll show you a few. But trust me when I say, you’re the star of the show.”

Another flush of heat fell over her skin, and her cheeks darkened.

“I would need to see them to believe that,” she said.

I dropped my hands. “So you don’t trust my judgment, then.”

“No, no, it’s not that.”

I watched her intently as she scrambled for the right words to say.

“I’ve never been photogenic. So it’s an insecurity within myself. Has nothing at all to do with your judgment.

“How can I get you to trust me?”

Desiree watched me carefully. “I don’t know,” she said. “When it comes to men, I’m not quick to let my guard down.” She stammered. “I mean, it’s no offense to you…”

I reached out and wiggled her nose. “It’s cool,” I said deciding to calm her. “Tell me about it.”

My question seemed to fluster her even more.

“What do you want to know?”

“Why don’t you trust men?”

“Before I answer that question, do you see yourself as a trustworthy man, Julian?”

“Of course.”

Keeping a keen eye on me, Desiree’s shoulders relaxed. I wondered if it was any indication that I’d squashed her worries.

“Tell me.”

She grabbed my hand and turned away from me. “Let’s continue walking,” she said.

We moved down the beachfront shoreline; the silence between us lingering. I let Desiree gather her thoughts without questioning her again.

“It started a long time ago,” she began, “when my father left.” A deep breath escaped her. “He told me he’d be back. Like everything was as normal as any other day. But he never came back. The night before, he and my mother were fighting. It started with the usual argument. She asked him where he’d been and he said working. She accused him of lying, and he screamed about her wanting all the bills paid and the kids taken care of, so what did she expect him to be doing with the hours of his life. I should’ve known then they would never last, but I was naive. They were my parents, after all. Usually, they’d have those arguments then go on, business as usual, the next day.

I could tell it drove my mother crazy because my father got up in the morning, showered, dressed, and pulled my mom away from her morning duties to dance around the kitchen. I figured it bothered her more because she wasn’t over the argument from the night before and his disappearing acts became stressful to her. But the next morning, after this particular argument, there was no dancing, no conversation, only quietness as they walked around each other making sure not to touch. My father hugged Claudia and I and kissed us goodbye.

Her voice trembled.

“He lied, telling us he would be back when he knew he wouldn’t.”

A single tear slid down her face, and I pulled her into me.

“No,” she said, pushing back. “I’m okay.” Desiree wiped the single tear and forged ahead with her story. “He wasn’t the singular cause of my distrust in men.”

Her voice changed, going from soft to a throaty, intoxicating heaviness that she didn’t know turned me on. It wasn’t the best time for my thoughts to travel that direction, but it became more apparent that I couldn’t control myself around her.

“Tell me,” I said edging her on, wanting to be her confidant in every sense of the word.

“Throughout my young adult years, I was adamant about making a name for myself. After my father left, Claudia and I got in more trouble than we could handle. It ended up landing us in juvie.”

She took a peek at me to see how I reacted to the information, but my face held neutral showing her nothing.

“I ended up dropping out of high school.”

Desiree peeked at me again.

“It was one of the things I regret most about my life.” She continued. “However, I took a GED test a few months afterward and failed. It did surprise me because I knew I was book smart. I took the test three times before I passed it. Three years, rigorous studying and I finally got it.”

She glanced at me again, and this time I offered her a smile.

“Congratulations, I’m sure your mom and sister were proud.”

“That’s just it,” she said, “They never knew.”

I watched her more intently as she spoke. “I set my alarm and got up every day like clockwork and walked Claudia to the bus stop. She got on going to middle school, and I pretended to wait for the high school bus. No sooner than her bus pulled off, I caught a city bus downtown to the school I attended for GED classes.” She sighed. “I was ashamed. As the oldest, I should’ve stepped up once my father left. My mom needed the help, and I was old enough to get a job with her consent. I should’ve looked after Claudia, but instead, we ended up in juvie together.” Desiree shook her head. “Once I graduated, I went straight to a community school for journalism.”

I reached out and tucked a strand of hair that had fallen out of her scarf behind her ear.

“I only needed a two-year degree for associates. While I went to school, I looked for jobs everywhere but Chicago. I believed deep down that if I got away from the city, I could escape my demons and start fresh. So I did.”

Desiree paused, and I could see an inner struggle with what she wanted to say next.

“The Houston Report was the first response I received for a job offer. Like I told you before, I studied, planned, and prepared for my move. But, what I didn’t expect was how lonely it would be without my mom and Claudia. How lonely it would be without anyone.”

Her voice lowered, then she looked at me again, this time holding my gaze.

“I was in Houston six months before I met Cameron.”

Her eyes fluttered away from me, searching through the distance.

“I had just landed a major news story, which went on to win a DIG Award for journalistic excellence and investigative video.”

“Congratulations,” I cut in.

Desiree smiled up at me. “Thank you.”

“Forgive me for interrupting. Continue.”

Desiree held her smile and pressed forward. “I wanted to celebrate but had no one to celebrate with.”

Her tone became even lower.

“It was easy for him. I made it easy for him to just walk into my life like a savior.”

She struggled over her words.

“To try and make the most dramatic long story short, I fell in love with him. We were together two years before I found out he had a baby on the way with someone else.”

A flow of single droplets of tears glided down her caramel face. I swept her into my arms holding her close. Her body vibrated off of me as she cried. I stroked her back as she relinquished herself. Her voice was muffled when she spoke again.

“I keep telling myself that I’m over it, but every time I think about it, I cry like a baby.” Pulling back hopeful eyes searched mine. “That means I’m not over it, right?”

“It sounds like you need closure,” I said. “And you’ll have it. You can’t start anew without getting closure from your last relationship.”

Desiree scoffed. “Start anew?”

“You deserve to be with someone who will love and cherish you and only you forever…”

Desire wiped her tears and pulled away from me.

“I don’t know if that will ever happen for me, Julian.”

“I do,” I said.

“Because you’re psychic?”

I chuckled. “Not usually, but when I look at you, I see your future.” Her eyes rose. “It happens to have me in it,” I said.

Her eyes faltered and desire registered in them. Desiree took a step toward me, much like she’d done back at my hotel in Houston. If she wanted to keep her distance, taking that step was the wrong move. But like before, I took that as an opening and my mouth sailed into hers, deliberate and stimulating. Instinctively, my hands traveled around Desiree, sealing her warm body against mine. Remembering where we were, I pulled back.

“Do you mean it,” I asked, needing to hear her say she wanted me just as much as I wanted her.

“Yes,” she whispered.

My lips fell to her ear. “Are you sure, Bella?”

What I wanted to give her now was far more than I’d given on the yacht, but I needed her consent, loud and clear.

“Yes,” she said again.

My blood heated and I grabbed her hand, swiftly making our way back inside the Jumeirah Beach Hotel.





Chapter Eighteen





She stood before me like a goddess in her own right. Covered from her head to knees like a gift waiting for me to unravel. My hand traveled to her scarf effectively pulling it loose from its knot. It sailed to the carpet and Desiree’s hair tumbled free bouncing off her shoulders.

“You are so beautiful,” I said grabbing her chin and pulling her lips to mine. I wanted to claim her immediately, but I decided to take my time.

“So soft,” I whispered.

I kissed her tenderly, following up by a fierce suckling of her mouth. She moaned against my lips causing a strain to push against my pants.

“Tell me what you want, Bella… I’ll make your dreams come true…”

With our foreheads pressed together; me, gazing down at her, and she up at me, I saw desire stir to life.

“I want you, Julian. Only if you knew how much.”

It was everything I needed to hear, and her confession amongst other things, made me want to hold on and never let go.

“Tell me,” I said. “How much?”

I saw apprehension cross her face. “Don’t be afraid. I won’t hurt you.”

Desire dropped her gaze, and it fluttered around the room before she completely turned and walked toward the sliding doors that led to the balcony. She paused right before it, with her back to me. One hand went to her hip while the other massaged her temples. Although I didn’t know her struggle first hand, I felt her indecision and understood why she tussled with it. But I was on a mission to snuff out the uncertainty she had. And I would love her like it had never been there before. My thoughts halted for a second. When did I decide I wanted to love her?

“Have you ever loved someone before, Julian?”

As if she’d read my very thoughts, Desiree prompted a question I wasn’t expecting. She turned to face me.

“I don’t mean your mother, father, sisters or brothers. I don’t mean your friends, coworkers, or spiritual family. I mean, have you ever loved a woman in such a way that you wanted to be with her forever?”

My answer was swift. “No…” I took a step forward. “Have you, Bella?”

Her head fell into her hand, and her voice broke. “I thought so; but when you love someone that much, it gives them power. It could be the best thing in your life or the worst. It can break you. And when you break, picking up the pieces never comes easy. Sometimes, it’s impossible. It takes sheer determination, prayer, and a support team to lift you. There’s no real way for you to figure out how much power you give a person when you’re in love until the moment your soul shatters.”

I wanted to run to Desiree and tell her she would never have to worry about that with me. But I let her finish. I needed her to get it off her chest so we could move past these stumbling blocks.

“I won’t put myself through it again.” Desiree shook her head; resolute in her fortitude. “I can’t… I won’t.”

“Are you saying you love me, Desiree?”

Our gazes ripped through each other, and the room fell silent. I’d always prided myself on being a man of patience. But right then at that very moment, my jaw ticked, and my feet moved. Within the time it took me to inhale my next breath I was upon her. “I am not Cameron, Desiree. Don’t be afraid to love again because of him. I’m not willing to let you run.” My eyes never left hers. I needed Desiree to understand that no matter what happened, this thing we had going on wouldn’t be halted because of circumstances out of our control.

“That power you spoke of, it’s yours anytime you want it. The same way you gave it away, you can take it back.” Her lips hovered below my mouth, and a shudder fled through her. “Take it back, Desiree,” I said, “And give it to me. I promise to take care of it, with my life.”

I was deadpan. Desiree’s eyes misted, and my mouth met hers. Her hands flew to my face, and she held on as I kissed her with an unrestrained craving. My body was on fire as I presumed hers was. I dipped down to grab her thighs, lifting her with ease. Her body drug against my rock-hard erection and a whimper left her mouth. Desiree’s hands moved from my face as her arms circled my neck. A purr left her, and her thighs pushed forward to climb me higher.

“I need to feel you,” she said. “Now, now, now…” she begged. “I don’t want to think. I just want to feel.”

Her pleas moved me like nothing before. I walked her to the massive platform bed, and Desiree kept her legs locked around me. Maneuvering quickly, I removed her dress and lace bra, while laying kisses against the silken skin on her neck. Desiree pulled back her arms and unbuttoned my shirt. Her arms roamed down to my pants, and with masterful hands, Desiree managed to unlatch my buckle. She worked quickly, pushing them down my hips. My erection sprang forth and bobbled against her crotch. She jumped at its playful taunting. I crawled onto the bed with Desiree still wrapped around me. The sheer panties that separated us between her legs were relieved of its duties the moment it was caught within my grasp. Desiree’s body jerked as they ripped, and a soft, relaxing, yelp left her. Our frivolous actions on the yacht had gone without putting too much thought into our decision. My eyes traveled over her gorgeous physique, and I wanted to bury myself so deep I’d lose all sense of reason.

“What’s wrong?” she asked.

“We didn’t use a condom earlier.”

She swallowed and licked her lips.

“Yeah, we probably should have. We wouldn’t want any accidents happening. Besides,” she said, “you would need to know my blood type and see my medical records before I bear your children.”

Quiet laughter seeped from her beautiful lips at her joke. But it only made me harder, painfully so. An image of Desiree, pregnant with twin boys assaulted me. Without another thought, I dipped my hips and entered her in one breath catching thrust. Desiree gasped, and her mouth opened. Her hands clutched my shoulders.

“Oh my God,” she moaned, completely taken by the command of my stroke.

I moved in and out of her slowly keeping my gaze connected to hers. “Oop’s,” I said, “We did it again…” My arms sunk underneath her arms and with my mouth, I kissed her lips leading a path down her throat. My thrusts were slow and even; finding a new depth with each exit and entry. My tongue worshipped her breasts as I made love to her carefully, like a sacred tradition. Desiree was soaking wet; her fountain coating me in a cascade of warmth.

“Give it to me…” I whispered against her ear. Asking for the one thing she was afraid to let loose. My stroke alarmed her when my plunges became forceful. “Give it to me Desiree…”

Slaps penetrated the air as our bodies connected. Desiree reached down and pulled me off her brown areolas to stick her tongue down my throat. We moaned together, and my hands trailed up her arms sinking into her palms. I held them above her head and rocked harder into her womb.

“Dámelo bonito,” I crooned.

With every thrust, Desiree moaned, “Julian…”

“Yes, Bella.”

“I’m going to come,” she sang.

I removed myself, and the shock of our disconnection electrified her, bringing her up to rest on her elbows. Effortlessly, I flipped her and re-entered her body before she had a chance to miss me. Grabbing a pillow, I stuffed the down feathers underneath her thighs propping her derriere up high. My thrusts were instant, and I submerged myself, wanting to strip Desiree of her need to hold on to the old and introduce her to the new. My fingers thumbed her nipples, and I whispered soft assurances in her ear.

“Oooh… Oh my God… you feel so good,” she purred.

“Tell me how much you love it.”

She moaned more. “Oooh, Julian, you’re perfect, so perfect, so perfect,” she chanted.

I gave her all of me making sure to touch every inch she owned. My mouth memorized her smooth body, and my orgasm threatened to fall.

“I’m coming… coming… I can’t stop it,” she panted.

“We’re going to make a baby…” I promised.

Desiree’s body shook, convulsively, violently, and I held her tight continuing to stroke her passionately. My release came right behind hers, and she turned her succulent lips to the side, and I swallowed her mouth. An explosion of electricity soared through us that sealed our bond for all time. After a long moment, I sank to the side pulling her against me in a cocoon. Desiree’s breathing was ragged, and I rubbed her in an effort to calm her. She turned full circle tucking herself further under me.

“I want to lay as close to you as possible,” she said, “If only for a while.”

I kissed her damp forehead and moved the wild strands of hair from her face.

“You can stay like this as long as you like, Bella. For all time.”

She didn’t respond, and seconds later her light snores tuned in my ear. I knew there were barriers I still needed to break for Desiree to surrender herself to me fully. And I was hell bent on knocking them down.





Chapter Nineteen


Desiree





Last night had been like a dream. When I woke, I assumed it was, and everything that had happened was a figment of my imagination. That was until the firm bulge against my backside nudged me, and a pair of strong arms laying across my waist made me realize it wasn’t the covers that warmed me. The clock on the nightstand read 5:00 a.m. The drowsiness I felt accompanied the ache between my thighs. Making love with Julian was mind numbing. He was hyper-aware of my bodies needs as if he’d known my curves in detail beforehand. I laid there listening to his soft breathing and imagined waking up to him every day this way.

Those thoughts scared me. I revealed many of my desires last night. It was easy to do with Julian since he was so attentive and forthright. Another thing that worried me was how comfortable I felt around him, in his arms, in his bed, in his presence alone. Reason being? It was easy for Cameron too.

But then you had been looking for love. This time love found you.

I locked my jaw and closed my eyes needing to shut out those thoughts. But they wouldn’t be silenced, coming out to haunt me as the day moved forward. I’d lain in Julian’s arms for another hour before rising to shower. He moved in on me as I stood with the water pedaling my skin. My body’s overwhelming need to connect with him became addictive. Why oh why did it happen to me that way? I wasn’t ready. How could I fall in love with a man whose background I barely knew? Who was more likely to break my heart? Whose temperament went against my independent defiant one?

I asked myself those questions as Julian rocked against my core, slipping in and out of me with his fingers strumming my clitoris. Those thoughts assaulted my mind as my mouth hung open, moaning, squealing and crying out his name after every violent thrust. Like a song on repeat, I questioned myself, silently trying to figure out how I went from like to love in what seemed like an instant. When we made it out of the shower and managed to pull apart long enough for me to tread lightly to my room to get dressed for the day, those thoughts continued.

I had intentions on keeping my head on straight, after all, I was there to do a job. But that task seemed less and less possible the longer I was around Julian. He made it hard for me to pull away from him; drawing me across the seat as we rode in the back of a limo to our next destination. There were no words spoken between us as I’m sure we both assessed the situation we’d gotten ourselves into overnight. When my thoughts shifted, they didn’t go far.

“We’re going to make a baby…”

He said it last night, and I drowned in his whispers of love. My gut tightened, and I almost broke out into a sweat. Stupid, stupid, stupid. I had to get a grip. Protecting myself was rule number one. I had to remember that. And yet, we’d had sex; multiple times now with no protection. My nerves were frazzled for most of the day. As much as I wanted to believe everything Julian said and that he really cared for me, I just couldn’t.

“That power you spoke of, it’s yours anytime you want it. The same way you gave it away, you can take it back.”

When we reached the desert, I moved around in a daze, being shuffled from one person to the next. How interesting that I’d found myself getting a firsthand account of what the ins and outs of putting together a successful photo spread contained. All the note taking and scribbling I’d done would not have prepared me for the importance and detail that went into being in a model’s shoes. Again, I was completely transformed into an Arabian Queen. We were set to take shots on the back of a camel when a jeep came flying over the dunes. It stopped a few feet before us, bringing a mist of sand swirling around the tires.

“I’m here! I’m sorry I’m late!” The blonde hair blue eyed model jogged through the sand. She was dressed the same as I, making her way to where Julian and I stood. Julian called for assistance over his shoulder. Kelsey and the photographer walked over to us.

“Are you switching?” Kelsey asked Julian.

“No,” he turned to the model. “Lila, this is Desiree. As you can see, she’s taken your place. We need to get these shots before the sun sets, so you’ll need to hang out with the others unless we call you.”

Lila’s face fell. “You mean with the backups,” she asked perplexed.

“Yes,” Julian confirmed.

“But I’m your main girl.” Lila looked to me. “No offense, Desie, Desire or what was your name again? Anyway, I don’t mean to be rude, but you understand, right?”

Before I could speak up, Julian did. “Her name is Desiree, and you are rude.”

Lila was befuddled. “I’m so sorry,” she said. “What I mean is, I’m the queen, you hired me for this part, so,” she glanced at me again, “Desiree can hang out with the other’s while I do the job you paid me for.”

“I don’t think you understand,” Julian drawled. “This isn’t an option, Lila. You missed your flight. We replaced you. Now, you’re the backup and Desiree is the leading lady. Now step to the side so we can wrap this up. I don’t have all day.”

I had never heard someone get read their rights as smoothly as Julian had done to Lila. It was obvious she was insulted, but she slunk to the side with everyone else as we were holstered on the camel and the photoshoot resumed. I tried to be what I assumed a professional model would be, but I’m certain the cameraman had shots of me laughing as Julian leaned forward to whisper in my ear. His breath tingled my spine, and I doubled over in a heap of giggles.

“You’re going to have to take a million shots if you keep this up,” I said swatting at him at times. Julian chuckled and ducked, then leaned to the opposite side and nibbled on my ear. With every wardrobe change we made, I got a glimpse of Lila in the background brewing like a pot of hot tea on the stove. She was not a happy camper, and I wondered if it was because I took her spot or because I took her man. It was silly of me to think it because at that point, I trusted Julian enough to tell me if he were dating one of his models. From what I knew about him, Julian was not the type of guy to condone disrespect. So I pushed that thought to the side and focused on my task. It was enough that I had a plethora of other thoughts to contend with.

At the end of the day, Julian pulled me away for a romantic dinner at Jumeirah Beach Hotel. We strolled hand in hand to an outside area flank with palm trees around a deck that housed a contemporary outdoor sofa made from resin material. Perched in front of the sofa was a modern ventless outdoor fireplace made with stainless steel and fireproof glass. Diamond rocks accented the centerpiece, and it sat beautiful and idle on an elegant presentation. Soft jazz music wafted around us, and I relaxed against Julian’s shoulders. He sat back against the sofa with both arms thrown on top as I cuddled against him.

I was doing it again; allowing myself to be vulnerable. How could I blame anyone if I ended up in the same predicament as my last?

“I am not Cameron, Desiree. Don’t be afraid to love again because of him. I’m not willing to let you run.”

Julian’s words danced around my head as we dined. Our conversation was lighthearted, but the intensity of our connection remained profound. I was clutched to Julian’s side, and anytime I wiggled out of his reach, he pulled me back. I wasn’t used to being cherished the way Julian cherished me. Even Cameron didn’t act with such greediness. It warmed my heart and made me panic simultaneously.

The next few days were filled with hustle as we moved from one serene location to the next. Some of the models warmed up to me, and often they invited me to lunch or dinner. Julian occupied my time whenever he got a free moment, but sometimes we went the entire day without having so much as a single conversation. It intrigued me how often the queen was not with the Arabian king, but it was beginning to be a universal sign that men did their own thing most of the time. Lila held firm to her obnoxiousness even when I broached her to strike up casual conversations. Besides her one-word answers, avoiding eye contact with me seemed to be her thing until I was dressed as the queen in front of the camera.

Then and only then did I receive piercing stares that could’ve struck me dead if her eyes were a weapon. After a week, I gave up and decided if she wanted to talk it out, she could approach me. We were in what appeared to be a palace with white and gold columns that stretched from marble floor to ceiling, upholding a massive yet luxurious bed. The golden canopy almost touched the tall ceilings, and I tried not to marvel as I lay across the sheets on my side perched on an elbow in a gown fully covered from head to toe. The thin material lay against my skin, accentuating some of my most dominant curves. For a moment, I felt insecure about that part of the shoot since, although the king didn’t occupy my space, I felt normally, you wouldn’t be able to see features of an Arabian queen this way.

Letting my nerves get the best of me, I sat forward and pulled slightly at the material wishing it wouldn’t be so form fitting. The cameraman approached me.

“I’m ready whenever you are,” he said.

“Um, I’m not sure if I’m ready.”

Julian’s deep voice crooned from behind him. “What seems to be the problem?”

Both men watched me fiddle with the material then I sighed.

“This gown is too form fitting. Would you happen to have something bigger?”

“Bigger?” Julian said.

“Yes, puffier,” I said, “Like the one I had on yesterday.”

“No, no,” the cameraman said adamantly. “That one was for a different scene. You must wear this one today.”

Julian placed a hand on the cameraman’s shoulder. “Take five,” he ordered but not without taking the camera off the photographer’s hands.

“Bella,” he said stepping closer to me. “You don’t need a change of clothes. This fits perfectly.”

I looked down at the gown then back to him.

“Are we seeing the same thing?” I asked.

There was a glimmer in his eyes that told me we did indeed saw the same things, but didn’t have the same worries.

“Of course, I see a radiant beauty that’s perfect in the queen’s gown.” He pulled his bottom lip between his teeth. “Would you be more comfortable if I took your shots in this scene?”

I’d become comfortable with just about anything involving Julian. That was part of my problem. I swallowed and lowered myself back onto the bed. Julian stepped back and held the lens to eye level. The flashes were consistent, one behind the other. He stalked me, going from one side of the bed frame to the other. Julian worked as if he’d done this a million times. He was content and exact. I don’t think he knew, but his calm nature relaxed me as we finished up the shots.

“Was it good, can I see?” I asked afterward.

“They’re perfect,” he said.

“What is up with you and the word perfect? I’m not perfect so the pictures couldn’t be.” I bit down on my lip.

“Bella,” Julian reached out and pulled me in. “Do you think I’d lie to you?”

I hesitated. “No.”

“Are you sure?”

I groaned. “Julian…”

“You know how much this spread means to me, right?”

“Of course, but what does that have to do with—”

“Then you know I wouldn’t lie to you.”

That shut my mouth.

“I need to take a ride somewhere; would you accompany me, Bella?”

“Sure.”

Julian and I climbed in a Jeep that took us ten miles down the road before coming to a garage. He pulled inside and took us up a ramp then parked the vehicle in the middle of the cemented garage. When the ground beneath us moved, it startled me, and I reached out to hold on to Julian’s hand. He slid his gaze to me.

“I got you.” His hand threaded my fingers and held mine in a snug fist.

The rooftop opened, and we ascended through. Once we were as high as we could go, the ground beneath us locked, and a helicopter sat next to us. Surprised, I let out a gasp, my hand coming to my mouth. The luxurious helicopter was a pristine midnight black with a sea-blue tail. Before I could stop myself, I was out of the Jeep giving it a full inspection. When I looked at Julian, he stood watching me with his hands inside his pockets.

“Take a ride with me, Bella.”

“Okay,” I said a bit too quickly.

He smiled, charmed, and opened the door to help me in.

“This is unbelievable,” I said to myself. These things only happened in movies or so I thought. Julian opened the door and stepped into the pilot’s seat. My eyes bugged.

“Are you flying this thing?”

He pulled the seatbelt over his shoulder. “Of course,” he said.

“You know how to drive one?”

Julian sat against his seat holding a smile on his face. “Are you afraid?”

I twisted a few loose strands of hair nervously with my fingers.

“If you say you can drive this beauty, then, I believe you.” I pulled my hand back down and sat back keeping my eye trained on him.

“Give it to me, Bella.”

I warmed, instantly understanding his reference. A flash of us making love fiercely flooded my memory. Julian’s pleading words ran across me stroking my flesh.

“That power you spoke of, it’s yours anytime you want it. The same way you gave it away, you can take it back.”

The overwhelming feeling of desire passed through me.

“Take it back, Desiree, and give it to me. I promise to take care of it, with my life.”

That was it. I couldn’t pretend to feel what I was feeling. My heart constricted as I came to terms with my truth. I was in love with Julian.





Chapter Twenty


Julian





The aerial view of Dubai was a beautiful sight to behold. But not more breathtaking than the woman sitting next to me. Just when I thought she might back out of our flight, she proved me wrong, adjusting in her seat, ready for takeoff. We were making progress. Desiree had loosened up, and now I wanted to shake her completely of the restraints she held on to. Her face lit up as we passed different iconic destinations. Palm Island, The Burj Al Arab, and Union Square were among many of the destinations we flew over.

We’d flown eight miles before landing on a helipad. We settled, and I shut the engine down and helped Desiree out of the aircraft. We walked across the rooftop to a BMW and within minutes were on the move again. I found it interesting that Desiree didn’t ask many questions about our journey’s end. I turned the dial and locked the position when I found a classical music station. I could feel Desiree’s beautiful eyes on me. I didn’t need to look at her directly to feel the magnetism that drifted from her like a lakes stream.

“Don’t do that,” I said.

“Excuse me?”

“Unless you want to get arrested for indecent exposure don’t look at me that way.”

Desiree seemed to freeze without considering my warning quick enough. I pulled the car to the side of the road and parked it, then turned to her. My hand reached out, gliding up her neck to grip the back of her head.

“Bella…” I said, the single word, cautionary. Desiree blinked and turned her gaze toward the front window.

I love you.

The thought sailed through me in a comfortable stride. My heart rate kicked and my hold on her tightened. Inquisitive eyes turned back to me, and I released her. Shit. I put the car back in drive and pulled onto the road. The remainder of our trip was silent as I mulled over emotions I’d never felt before. I pulled into an area that no longer contained luxury high-rises and paved streets. About a mile down the uneven road I made a right into the parking lot of a community kitchen.

“This is Forward Kitchen,” I said; offering Desiree an introduction of the place. “They cook the best food I’ve ever eaten in Dubai, but this isn’t a place you’d come to order, eat and pay. There are no prices on the menu. You pick what you like, they cook it for you, and you give a donation that will pay for the meal of the person that comes behind you.”

A small smile shadowed around Desiree’s lips.

“So when we eat, someone has already paid for our meal. It’s like a pay it forward eatery if you will.” I said.

“That’s an interesting concept,” Desiree decided.

“It’s meant to be a helping hand to someone who needs a home cooked meal.”

“What happens if that person can’t pay it forward?”

“It’s not the rule, just the suggestion, which is why it’s set up on a donation system.”

Desiree took her seatbelt off. “I’m ready whenever you are.”

We exited the vehicle and made our way inside. The doorbell chimed as we entered and smells of cooked foods assaulted us.

“I think my mouth just watered,” Desiree said.

“And to think,” I drew her into my arms, “I thought that only happened because of me.”

Desiree laughed. “Not this time, handsome, not this time.”

She gave a playful shove and walked away, my instinct reached out for her again, but I remembered we were in public and decided against it. Still, my fingers lightly touched her elbow, and she looked back at me. I slid my hands into my pockets and stepped in line behind her. I scanned the community kitchen needing to place my attention elsewhere, but I could still feel her gaze.

“Mr. Rose is that you!” Lacey, a young volunteer, jogged to me. “It is you! Welcome!”

I bent as Lacey threw her arms around my neck, and we hugged briefly.

“Lacey this is Desiree Stevens. Desiree, Lacey Bartholomew.”

“How are you Lacey,” Desiree held her hand out and Lacey accepted it gleefully.

“I’m well, how about yourself?”

“Same here,” Desiree said. “How long have you been a volunteer?”

“Oh, about eight years now.”

“Wow, that’s a long time.”

Lacey smiled showing off a set of braces. “I love being down here, the people are so friendly and it feels good doing something to help out.”

Desiree was shaking her head with a wide smile leading her lips.

“Mr. Rose has been donating every year and most of the time we’re able to see him by live video.” The teenager gushed.

“Is this your first-time meeting Mr. Rose in person?” Desiree asked using a formal address in reference to me. Lacey shook her head lively. Desiree looked from me to Lacey. Appreciation, adoration and something else showed across her face. What was that, love?

I dragged my gaze from Desiree to Lacey. “It’s wonderful to finally meet you in person, Lacey.” Desiree continued to watch me as I smiled warmly. “Are Donald and Casey here today?”

“Yes! I’ll get them.”

Lacey disappeared through the back. A child no older than four ran across the room straight for Desiree. He threw his arms around her legs and held on tight. Desiree gasped and pulled his arms back bending down to a squat. The little boy smiled up at her and tossed his arms around her neck instead. Desiree laughed delightedly.

“I guess he likes me,” she said.

“Trust me, Bella. It’s easy to do.”

Our eyes connected for another minute before Lacey came back out with Casey and Donald in tow.

“Hey!” They chorused, each pulling me in for a hug. “I knew one day you would bless us with your presence. To what do we owe the honor?” Donald said.

“Aaah, the blessing is all mine,” I prompted. “I happened to be around the way, and I wanted to introduce you to my Arabian queen, Desiree Stevens.” Lacey, Donald, and Casey gasped then squealed with excitement. Desiree’s cheeks flamed, and I grinned.

“You got married?” Lacey squealed.

“No, that’s not what he meant!” Desiree said.

“Oh, come now,” I said. “Marrying me wouldn’t be so bad…” Another electrifying moment passed between us, and it was hard for me to pull my eyes away.

“That’s not what I meant,” Desiree said, “I mean—” she faltered. They all looked from me to her then finally noticed the child still hanging around Desiree’s neck. Lacey giggled while Casey bent down to them.

“Antonio,” Casey cooed. “You have to let go of the nice lady here.” Antonio didn’t budge. Casey glanced to Desiree. “I’m sorry. He’s not usually like this. His parents were in a car accident over the weekend, and they have no family here but their regulars at the kitchen.”

“Do I know them?” I asked.

“I don’t think so, but they’re progressing by the day and we’re looking for them to be discharged within the next week.”

“So who’s looking after him while they’re in the hospital?” Desiree asked.

“One of us is taking turns every day to watch him,” Donald spoke up. “But I think he’s set his sights on you Ms. Stevens, or should I call you Mrs. Rose.”

Again, Desiree’s face flamed.

“Ms. Steven’s would do just fine,” Desiree said.

“For now,” I added.

She peered up at me but spoke to Donald.

“Would it be possible for him to hang out with me until his parents are better?” Desiree pulled back taking her fingers lightly through Antonio’s black silky hair. “Hey Antonio,” she said. The little boy met her eyes. “Would you like it if we hung out together until your parents come home?”

Antonio lit up like a Christmas tree. “Yes!” he yelled. Desiree laughed and stood to her feet.

“Can that be done?” she asked.

“I don’t see why not,” Donald said, “You’ll be with Mr. Rose here, and we all trust Mr. Rose.”

Desiree looked to me with hopeful eyes. “Do you mind if I speak to you for a minute?”

Casey reached for Antonio. “Come, give Ms. Stevens and Mr. Rose some privacy.”

They all shuffled off, and Desiree pulled me outside.

“I’m so sorry. I know we’re not here for this and I understand if you can’t obligate to this.” She glanced at the closed door then back to me. “I don’t know why, but I feel responsible for this kiddo. I need to do this, you understand, don’t you? If his parents are still in the hospital when our stay in Dubai is over, I can take a commercial flight back; it’s totally okay.”

How many times can we say, we met a beautiful person whose kind on the inside and out? Desiree could’ve peeled Antonio off her, ate her meal, and left this place without another thought. But she was willing to put everything to the side for the sake of caring for a child who she’d only known five minutes.

“I would never think of leaving you behind. If Donald says it’s fine, then he means it, and I couldn’t turn down that kid if I wanted to. Nor you.” I pulled her in for a hug; affection restrictions be damned.

“Julian, I don’t want to delay your business or travels, I know you’re an important man. I don’t mind taking a commercial flight home. I’d feel awful if you missed anything because of me.”

“If this is your attempt to get rid of me, you might as well give it up. Haven’t you realized by now, that I always want to be with you.”

Desiree’s arms tightened around my waist, and I kissed her on her temple. “Come on, let’s eat.”





Chapter Twenty One





Our visit to the community kitchen lasted until they closed their doors at 8 pm. Desiree and I were full and relaxed. The ride and flight back to our hotel seemed to pass quicker than the trip over. Desiree was completely in awe at the volunteers at Forward Kitchen. If I didn’t know any better, I’d think she’d plan to move to Dubai permanently just to help out. She spoke adamantly about the cooks, the guests, and of course, Antonio. The little boy played quietly next to her and whenever Desiree would make a move he moved with her.

Watching the pair made my heart swell again. I pictured Desiree with a round belly, waddling from our living room to the patio trying to get some fresh air. Every minute that went by, I saw Desiree in my life doing something different. Being the mother of my children, modeling in one of my oversized t-shirts after an extensive night of sex, and bearing my last name. A tingle ran down my spine, and my temperature rose.

“Julian…” Desiree rested a hand on my arm causing the spike in my temperature to rise higher.

I turned to her. “Yes, Bella.”

“Is everything alright?”

“Sure, why do you ask?”

“I’ve called your name a few times, but you didn’t respond. Are you sure everything is okay?”

I grinned and pulled her hand to my lips for a kiss. “Yes. What did you ask?”

“Would you like to come in?”

We were standing in the hallway outside of her hotel room. “You know I would, but I need to make a run. Raincheck?” I grabbed her chin and pulled her lips to mine but waited for her response before kissing her.

“Oh sure, no problem. Anything I can help with?”

I wiggled my brows. “Well if you’re in a giving mood we could always…” I grinned, and she giggled. I pressed my lips to hers, and she kissed me back with just as much passion as I gave. When Desiree’s arms coiled around my neck, it was instinctive for mine to wrap around her waist. My hands cupped her bottom, and I pulled her against my solid erection. Friction sizzled between us and even though she hadn’t verbally agreed, her actions told me, she didn’t mind a night cap. But that was just it. I wanted more from her, and I wanted to let her know it. The sooner, the better. It was excruciatingly hard for me, but I managed to step back, effectively disconnecting from Desiree. A slight frown covered her features; her breathing high as she tried to silently assess why I pulled away.

“Raincheck,” I said.

“Oh,” she said still confused. “Okay.” She turned and slid her key card in its slot, leaving me to go inside her room.

“Have a good night,” she said.

“Goodnight, Bella.”

She smiled softly and shut the door. There I stood, brooding, ordering my feet to move and not knock. I wondered for a moment if she too still stood on the other side, waiting, hoping, I was still here. I had it bad, and I couldn’t imagine spending another day without Desiree. With an iron clad will, I turned and left the hallway, riding the elevator down to the bottom floor. Inside my Jeep, I opened my GPS and took a forty-five-minute ride to Damas. I was standing in front of a case of diamonds with my heart knocking against my chest.

“Can I help you, sir?”

A tall, lean brunette approached me. I glanced at her name tag that read, Cynthia. There weren’t too many things that made me nervous, but at that moment, I could hardly formulate articulate words to offer Cynthia. She must have sensed my indecision because her face warmed and she smiled.

“Tell me the occasion, and I can point you in the right direction.” She said. “Present, birthday, anniversary, engagement…”

As Cynthia rattled off that list, I was swept away again in my mind’s eye with visions of Desiree on Christmas, on her birthday, on our anniversary, our wedding… I freaked out.

“Excuse me,” I said turning to leave the store. Outside I took in deep breaths and pulled out my cell phone and dialed a number. It rang once before being answered.

“Hello, son,” my father and head honcho of our family answered. His mouth sounded full, and it prompted me to ask.

“Hey dad, did I catch you at dinner time?”

“Oh, don’t worry about that,” he swallowed. “It’s breakfast time here, how’s everything going in Dubai?”

“Things are going well.” I wavered, and he could feel my hesitation.

“What’s wrong?”

I heard a utensil clang against his plate. I started a slow pace outside of Damas, holding the phone to my ear.

“How did you know, mom was the one?” I knew my father was stunned into a brief silence. I’d never asked that question before so I’m sure he was aware something was up.

“Well, whenever I was around her, my world would stop and tilt on its axis,” he said. “Her smile would make me dizzy, and I showed her public affection forgetting where we were most times. Whatever she needed I made sure she had it without hesitation because I felt an obligation toward her to meet those needs. I pictured her in every area of my life and never second guessed it.”

My heart was knocking harder now. I almost broke out into a sweat. Why was I nervous? Was I second guessing?

“What’s her name, son?”

I blinked snapping out of my haze. “Desiree.”

“Her name sounds familiar have I met her?”

“She just so happens to be Claudia’s sister.”

“Ah, I see, is she there with you now?”

“Not at this very moment, she’s back at the hotel.”

“And, where are you?”

I peered up at Damas. “At a jewelry store.”

When my father spoke again, I heard a smile in his voice. “I’m happy for you son. Go with your heart.”

“That’s just it,” I said, “I think I’m second guessing. My nerves are on edge. I have felt all those things with her, but I only want one wife, forever. How do I know for sure?”

“Picture your life without her. Can you move forward without being around her again? That’s a rhetorical question, you can keep the answer to yourself,” he paused. “Now picture her with someone else.”

Without disinclination, I saw red.

“No…” I said moving again. The bell chimed as I entered Damas a second time. Cynthia was still waiting for me by a glass case of diamonds as if she knew I would return. “Engagement rings,” I said.

“This way.”

I followed Cynthia with my father still on the line.

“You have to bring her over for a family dinner,” Christopher said. “I know we met at your brother’s engagement party, but this makes for a special occasion.”

Cynthia pulled out a few diamond rings that were on exhibition and set them on the glass case in front of me.

“Desiree’s moving back to Chicago, but first she’s wrapping up a story for the Houston Report. I’ll make sure you meet her as soon as she’s free.”

“That’s my boy,” my father said. My eyes landed on a simple band that held on to an extraordinary diamond.

“That one,” I said pointing to the beauty.

“That’s our eighteen-carat white gold trilogy ring designed with Forevermark. An excellent way to make a lasting impression.”

It was possible my eyes held a spark. “That’s the one,” I said. “She’s the one.”





My dad and I spoke as I made my purchase and drove back to Jumeirah Beach Hotel. The diamond in my pocket held promises of a lifetime together, and I wanted to go straight to Desiree and ask her to be my wife. It was around eleven pm when I returned, but instead of going to her I went to my suite to have a moment to myself. This had to be perfect. If I could, I’d propose to Desiree on the moon. At the same time, I wanted it to happen so fast that planning would have to wait.

Strolling to the bar, I poured a glass of scotch and leaned against the table top in deep thought. What if I scared her to death? What if she said no? I hadn’t stopped to think about how asking this monumental question would impact Desiree’s life. Maybe that was selfish on my part. Did I expect her to be as happy as me? I did not doubt that our connection went past the physical. But I’d yet to tell her how I truly felt. But here I was about to pop the ultimate question. As far as Desiree was concerned, she could think I only wanted her for sexual pleasures.

“Tomorrow,” I confirmed. I would tell her first thing in the morning.





There was a knock on my door. I blinked rising at the sound of the urgent tapping. I hadn’t gotten much sleep last night since my mind was in a continuous state of wonder. I opened the door without checking the peephole.

“Lila,” I leaned against the door jam. “What’s so urgent that you’re knocking this early?”

“Early?” she posed, “I thought you were used to getting up at five?”

“If you hadn’t noticed, we only have a few scenes left to shoot. If we wanted to, we could wrap this up today, but we still have a little time left here in Dubai.”

“Oh.”

Her eyes skittered off. “Did you want something specific?” Lila folded her arms around herself.

“Do you mind if I come in for a minute?”

I watched her closely for a second then stepped back allowing her entrance. Lila’s appearance was always effortlessly chic. With designer glasses across her eyes, a thin fitted jacket, skinny jeans and high heels, she sauntered into the room moving towards the sofa. I followed her, offering her a seat.

“What’s on your mind, Lila?”

“I wanted to apologize for the way I’ve been acting the last couple of days. You know I can be a bit of a diva.” She smiled up at me. “I don’t want my lateness or attitude on this trip to ruin our future endeavors.”

“I appreciate your apology, but I don’t accept your rudeness. You need to know, diva or not; I’m not in the habit of employing models with temper tantrums.” She opened her mouth to speak, but I continued. “Furthermore, although, I paid you to play a particular role, you were late. I could’ve easily dismissed you, but I didn’t because of our prior working relationship.” I stood, “At any case, I’d love to work with you again but consider this your final and only warning. Don’t ever bring that attitude to work again. Now, if there’s nothing else, I’d like to shower. There’s a long day ahead.”

Lila stood as well. “Thank you for understanding, Julian.”

I smiled and walked her to the door. Lila crossed the threshold and turned back to me.

“Thanks again,” she said.

I tilted my head in response and closed the door, my thoughts instantly going to Desiree.





Chapter Twenty Two


Desiree





“I know you’re having the time of your life there in Dubai, but this is breaking news, I had to call and tell you,” Santana said.

“What happened?”

“The guy who burglarized our homes was caught trying to throw a firebomb in the lobby of the Houston Report.”

My mouth fell open, and I sat down the mascara I used.

“Oh my God, Santana was anyone hurt?!”

“Thankfully no. He did light the weapon, but he was tackled to the floor before he could use it. Needless to say, the bottle dropped, and his clothes ignited. They had to put him out with a fire extinguisher.”

“What about the person that tackled him?”

“It was Derrick. He’s fine didn’t get a scratch.”

“Wow, talk about karma versus being blessed.”

“You can say that again,” Santana said.

“I’m glad they finally caught him, now I don’t have to worry about his ass when I get back.”

“Mmhmm, the guy is crazy. He kicked and screamed as the police pulled him out of the building in handcuffs.”

“Jesus.”

“I know,” she said again. “Anyway, I just thought I’d call to let you know, you’re now safe and free to go about life without looking over your shoulder.”

“That is good to know. Thanks, I’m getting ready to leave now. How are things with Josiah?”

Santana became quiet before speaking again. “Girl,” she whispered sharply through the phone. “I think I’m in love.”

I screamed. “What?!”

On the other end, Santana’s giggles were hushed as she tried not to be loud. “Girl, he’s so fun. It’s amazing how he brings my mind to such a calm, relaxing place.” Santana sighed heavily. “Just makes my spirit feel restful like I could enjoy his company every minute and not get bored. It’s so crazy.”

“Damn you are in love,” I said.

Santana giggled, “Anyway, I’ll call you back later.”

“Mmhmm, don’t lie to me young lady. You have no intention of calling me back. I know that gorgeous man is keeping you occupied.”

“Look who’s talking,” Santana said.

I smiled wide. “Whatever, bye!”

I disconnected the call and bit my lip, my mind traveling to Julian. Last night, I wondered where he was going that was so important that he put off what would’ve been another night of amazing sex. No matter how often I tried to remind myself, Julian didn’t belong to me, I couldn’t help wanting to be with him daily. I was candid with myself. I’d allowed myself to fall for a man that could possibly destroy me, and I had no one to blame.

After applying my mascara, I took a look at my appearance, happy with my simple ensemble. I slid my feet into my two-inch heels and sprayed myself with a mist of country apple fragrance before making my way to the door. I’d ordered breakfast from the room service menu and stepped out the door prepared to knock on Julian’s. I hoped he’d enjoy breakfast in bed, although I couldn’t deny I wanted that breakfast to be me.

“Thanks again,” a soft feminine voice purred.

I turned with the tray in my hand to see Lila closing the door to Julian’s suite. My throat tightened at the sight of her perfectly dressed appearance, but I tried not to show my displeasure. Urging myself to move forward, Lila smiled up at me and spoke.

“Good morning,” she said.

My smile wasn’t genuine, but I hoped she couldn’t tell it.

“Good morning,” I responded.

Lila glanced to the tray in my hand, and her brows rose. “If you’re going to Julian’s he’s in the shower, you might want to give him a minute.”

The stab of pain that flurried through my soul almost made me miss a step. I wanted to respond, but I couldn’t pry my lips apart quick enough. Instead, I nodded and returned to my suite to discard the tray. My mind whirled; tossing me like torrent winds. Is that where Julian ran off to last night? To be with Lila? She had bounced down the hallway like her morning was off to a great start. Had she been enthralled beneath Julian until sunrise? My throat was in a knot, and my heart plummeted. My breathing was labored, and I lay a hand on my chest in an effort to calm myself. Pulling out my cell phone, I called for a chauffeur and quickly left Jumeirah Beach Hotel.

The hour and a half ride to Forward Kitchen wasn’t nearly as pleasant as the ride and flight with Julian. “If you’re going to Julian’s he’s in the shower, you might want to give him a minute.”

Lila’s words slammed through me on repeat. He was in the shower, no doubt washing away the night of passion he’d had with Lila. A mist of tears fogged my eyesight but I refused to let them spring forward. Wiping them vigorously, I silently scolded myself. There was a part of me that wanted to curse him out and kick his ass. But that was just my emotions getting the best of me, and foolish. Julian hadn’t promised me anything, so I had to just get over him.

But how would I when I’d fallen hopelessly in love with him? I entered Forward Kitchen on auto pilot. Lacey and Antonio cheered when I came through the door which brought a slight smile to my face. Lacey was filled with so much animation I hardly got a word in most times. With Donald’s blessing, we left the kitchen in search of a park. We ended up at Dubai’s Garden Glow which was like Christmas for the kids. The theme park held multiple attractions including a massive manmade garden of glowing Tulips of the Netherlands, a dinosaur exhibit, an animal kingdom, a glowing mushroom forest, restaurants, cafés and more. Standing at the entrance looking over a menu of the site’s attraction my cell phone rang.

“Long night?” I answered.

Julian’s voice cruised through my eardrums with a dark silkiness, and I fought a squirm. “Good morning, Bella. Last night was particularly long for reason’s you wouldn’t believe,” He said. “How’d you know? You have some cognitive powers you failed to mention?”

He was joking, but I couldn’t find a single thing to laugh about.

“No, not cognitive, by now my secret would’ve been out with you.”

“That’s good to know,” he said. “I came to your room a few minutes ago but to no avail. Are we going to Forward Kitchen this morning to get Antonio or are we waiting till later?”

I looked to Antonio and Lacey who were patiently waiting for me to get off the phone so we could enter the park.

“I’m already with him actually, and Lacey’s here with us. We decided to go to Dubai’s Garden Glow theme park.”

Julian was quiet for a moment, and I imagined his mind swirling. “Bella, I thought we were doing that together?”

“I did too, but it was a last-minute change of plans.”

“Any reason why?”

I pressed my lips thinly together, going back and forth over whether to reveal what I knew. “I saw Lila this morning on my way to your room, and she said you were showering, so I wanted to give you the space you needed. It’s not like we haven’t been connected to the hip most of this trip.” I made it my business to sound nonchalant, but my heart raced as I finished my sentence. “It’s okay. I had a chauffeur bring me over so we’ll hang out here today and I’ll see you sometime tomorrow.”

“That’s not necessary,” he said, “I’m coming over.”

“No!” I practically shouted. “I mean, it’s fine, they’re in good hands.”

“Of course, they’re in good hands, I wouldn’t insinuate otherwise.” Julian paused. “Is everything alright, Bella?”

“Fine,” I quipped. “Everything’s fine.”

“Are you sure? You’d tell me if we had a problem, right?”

I pressed my lips tight again.

“Everything’s fine, Julian. I’ll let you get to your business. Talk to you later.” I disconnected the call and dropped my phone in my purse. My heart was still rocking as I smiled down at Antonio and Lacey.

“You guys ready?” I said boasting a wide smile.

“Yes!” They both chimed.

“Come on, let’s go,” I said grabbing their hands strolling into the park.

Dubai’s Garden Glow park was a one of a kind adventure. Antonio and Lacey had the time of their lives. We didn’t get to experience the full park because it was just too large to get through it all in one day so I promised them we’d come back the next day. That brought more happiness to them, and I was pleased to be a part of their experience. At the end of the day, I took Antonio back to Forward Kitchen, and he didn’t want me to leave, so I stayed around until he finally fell asleep on my shoulder.

“I’ll take him,” Lacey offered.

Quietly, I placed Antonio in Lacey’s arms, and Antonio snuggled contently around Lacey’s neck.

“I’ll be back tomorrow, as promised,” I said.

Lacey Beamed and whispered. “Thank you, Mrs. Rose.”

I halted my steps and turned to her. “Ms. Stevens,” I whispered.

“For now,” Lacey whispered back. It was the same thing Julian had said the day before. Lacey beamed, and I offered her a smile then took my leave. On the way back to Jumeirah, I checked text messages I’d received from Santana and two voicemails; one from Fredrick and one from Julian. I deleted Fredrick’s before his voice could buzz in my ear. I didn’t care what he wanted. His ridiculous orders for me to keep him in the loop was something I had failed to do on purpose, so I was sure he was on a rampage on my voicemail. When Julian’s voice fled through me, I closed my eyes and listened.

“Bella, I’m not sure what happened this morning. I think there may be some misunderstanding between us. We should talk about it and clear the air. Call me as soon as you’re back, and I’ll come to you.”

“To delete this message press seven.” I listened to the voicemail again then pressed nine to save the message. I knew what I was doing. I needed to disconnect myself from Julian. It was now or never.

Then why did you save the message?

That little voice in the back of my head was never far away. I’d saved Julian’s message just to have a keepsake. Something to remember him by.

Why not hear him out?

The question knocked around my head even after I made it back to Jumeirah. I took a shower, fixed something to drink, and sank into the sheets of the massive bed. I’d fallen asleep but was awakened by a steady drum at my door. With everything quiet around me except for the constant knock, I lay there, on my back, staring up at the ceiling, willing him to leave. There was no point in me checking to see who was at the door. It was something I already knew. After about fifteen minutes of incessant knocking, Julian eluded his thumping for calling instead. The continuous ring of my cell phone didn’t thicken my fortitude since I’d placed him under a distinct ringtone. Jill Scott’s soft vocals sang out until the tone ended but shortly started up again. I shut my eyes tight and waited for it all to stop. After another three rings, everything was silent again, but now, I was wide awake.

I tossed and turned, more disturbed than I’d been in a long time. Finally, I drifted back to sleep. When I rose it was ten o’clock in the morning. I drug myself out of bed headed for the bathroom. Getting up this late was not in my plans. I wanted to miss Julian going back to Forward Kitchen. I stood in the bathroom brushing my teeth. What I knew for sure was, this week was the wrap-up. So, Julian would be busy making sure things were put together on all ends. Apparently, I couldn’t avoid him for the few days we had left in Dubai since I too had to notate the rest of this process for my report. However, today I would spend with Antonio and Lacey before that process began.

Surprisingly, I managed to leave Jumeirah without spotting him. I wondered if he’d given up on reaching out to me and my conflicting emotions pushed me around like a bully on the playground. I spent most of my time with Antonio and Lacey, lost in thought. I’d managed to shift my focus back to Houston and what my future held. At the end of the week, we would be headed back to the states. I had an idea of how I would get Fredrick to write me a letter of recommendation. He wouldn’t like it, but that was neither here nor there. The day didn’t end without a call from Julian. Then a text.

Good evening, Bella. When you get a minute call me. We should talk.

I reread the text a thousand times that day trying to give myself the confidence to call and have an articulate conversation with him. And I had every intention of doing just that, but I found myself procrastinating into the next day, avoiding Julian at all costs. This time when I’d made it to Forward Kitchen, Lacey and Antonio wanted to hang out with Julian. I should’ve seen that coming, but I’d hoped our fun days out would be enough to occupy them.

“Can we?” Lacey beamed. “I’d love to see Mr. Rose outside of the kitchen.”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah!” Antonio shouted.

I pursed my lips. “Sure, let’s eat first then I’ll take you over there.”

“Yes!” Lacey jumped and grabbed Antonio’s hands. They ran over to the line and grabbed a tray as I fidgeted nervously.





Chapter Twenty Three


Julian





She was avoiding me and doing a really good job at it. I sighed and ended the call I made for what felt like the one-hundredth time. On Desiree’s voicemail, she asked me to leave a message and would promptly return my call. But the sun had set and rose without so much as a text. I was frustrated. Wanting a woman so bad that being ignored by her felt crushing at every minute. It was unnatural for me. What was most disturbing is I didn’t know what I had done to warrant the silence. I played around with a bunch of maybes, which never got me anywhere, so I went about my frustrating day. Business had to go on, so I pushed Desiree to the back of my mind. But as soon as I was in the middle of grabbing a few shots, or checking wardrobe, she’d be there haunting me again.

“Last shots!” Kelsey yelled. “Make it count!”

I stood to the side and watched the photographer work all his angles. Many times, I wanted to jump when I saw a shot I felt was detrimental to get, but I stayed to the side and let him work.

“Turn, turn!” the photographer shouted. “Yes, hold it!” Flashes from his camera lit up the room. “That’s it!” The photographer approached me with a broad smile.

“Wait till you see these last few,” he said nodding his head up and down. Handclaps pulled my attention away from him.

“Mr. Rose!” Lacey waved with a bright smile on her face. Surprised, I traipsed to her.

“Hey kid, what brings you here to see me?” I glanced from her to Desiree, who clutched Antonio’s hand in a fist.

“We thought you would be with Ms. Steven’s, but she said you were busy finalizing everything.”

My gaze traveled to Desiree. “Did she now?” I drawled. Our eyes locked and she smiled gracefully.

“Yes, I did, I knew you were busy with things.”

“I’m never too busy that I can’t take a call,” I said. “I would’ve made time.” I took my eyes away from her. “But you’re here now, right?”

“Right!” Lacey beamed.

“Right!” Antonio mimicked.

“Have you guys had anything to eat?”

Lacey shook her head adamantly. “We ate before coming over.”

A grin spread across my face. “What about dessert?”

Antonio and Lacey’s eyes arched.

“Dessert!” Antonio yelled, and I laughed.

“Follow me,” I said leaving for the eatery station we had set up. “What would you like, brownies, ice cream, cupcakes?”

“So many choices,” Lacey said. Desiree’s laugh sent a ripple crashing through me. It had only been a few days since I’d heard her voice, but it felt like eternity.

“Lacey take Antonio over to a table, and you guys enjoy some dessert,” I said my eyes lingering on Desiree. I didn’t need to tell Lacey twice. She was gone before I could finish my sentence.

Desiree shifted her weight from one foot to the other, her eyes landing everywhere but me.

“How are you?” I asked.

Finally, she engaged me. “I’m good, how about yourself?”

“I could be better.”

Her eyes traveled up then down then back up again. “You look good,” she said with a shrug of her shoulders. “But then, you always do.” Desiree offered a languid smile. She was nervous, and I was about to find out why.

“Did I do something wrong?”

Her hand trailed up her neck then she dropped it. “No, why would you ask that?”

“Forgive me if I’m stepping out of line but, you’re running from me, Desiree and I want to know why.” She swallowed visibly.

“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

“I think you do.” I glided closer to her. “I won’t let you run, Desiree.” I had a notion of tossing her over my shoulder and leaving the room, but I held my animal instincts to a minimum. Desiree sighed.

“I’m not running from anything.”

Her defiance was telling. “What is this about? At least tell me that much so I’ll know why you’ve been avoiding me.”

She opened her mouth to speak but couldn’t find the words. I watched her intently; hell bent on getting the truth out of her.

“Excuse me, am I interrupting something?” Lila entered our silent fight and glided to my side. Desiree’s features change, her beautiful face going rigid then unerringly masked.

“What can I help you with, Lila?”

“Just wondering if I can catch a ride back to the states. You aren’t taking a commercial flight, are you?”

“No.”

“I didn’t think so. I don’t have a round trip ticket; I didn’t think you’d mind since we’ve flown together before.” Lila smiled up at me.

“If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to check on our kids.” Desiree walked away before I could stop her. She flew across the room in record speed. There was no doubt that something was up and if I had to lock her in a room until she spilled it, I would. Glancing back to Lila I spoke.

“You’ll have a ticket waiting for you at the gate,” I said, “I’ve got other plans.” As I spoke, I kept my sights on Desiree.

“Oh, okay,” Lila said.

“I could hear the disappointment in Lila’s voice. “Lila did you see Desiree Monday morning?”

This time I brought my focus to Lila.

“Yes, she was on her way to your suite with a tray in her hand.”

“A tray?”

“Yeah, I think she was bringing you breakfast, it smelled fabulous.”

“Breakfast huh,” I said.

“Yeah, but I told her she might want to give you a minute because you were in the shower, so she went back to her room.”

That was it. I was certain of it. Desiree had mentioned the same thing that morning, but I’d pushed it to the back of my mind thinking nothing of it.

“Excuse me,” I left Lila going straight to Desiree. “Can I talk to you for a minute,” I asked now standing next to her.

“Lacey, keep an eye on Antonio, will you?” Desiree asked.

“Sure thing, Ms. Stevens.”

“Thank you, Lacey,” I said. We left the open area and traveled to a narrow hallway, where I pulled her into a quiet corner and interlaced our fingers. “I miss you.”

A small smile cruised across her lips. “I miss you, too,” she confessed.

“Why are you hiding from me?” I could always tell when Desiree was nervous because she’d finger her hair and fidget much like she was doing now. “Hey,” I reached out to her wanting to connect with those beautiful brown eyes. “I want you always to tell me what’s going on in that lovely brain of yours.”

“Always?” she said finally.

“Yes.”

“Always insinuates us being around each other longer than the duration of this trip. I think using that term is a little far-fetched.”

I pulled her close. “Do you know something I don’t?”

“What do you mean?”

“You speak as if you know things I’m not aware of. Do you plan to ditch me after we leave Dubai?”

“Ditch you?”

Desiree looked affronted, then her face softened, and she laughed.

“Ditch you,” she repeated shaking her head. “I’m sure I don’t need to remind you that our lives are two worlds apart. While you’re constantly on the move, I’m looking to settle down back in Chicago. We lead two entirely different lives, at most, we stay in contact through phone, but I mean, always?”

She frowned and took a step back from me. We watched each other silently for longer than a minute.

“I’m not willing to let you run, Desiree.”

Desiree sighed. “Stop saying that,” she held her arms up.

“I’m not Cameron, Desiree.” I wanted her to hear me, and believe me like her life depended on it. She folded her arms.

“I’m not so sure about that,” she said.

Her words stung, like a stabbing pain to my gut.

“You’re not so sure…” my voice was thick and laced with darkness.

“Julian, I don’t want to fight with you,” Desiree said. “What we shared here in Dubai was the best time of my life. I’ll admit, and I know I agreed to explore our attraction and we did. Now it’s over. Soon we’ll never see each other again, so why not start now.”

“It sounds like you’ve got your mind made up.”

“Am I wrong?”

I grabbed her hand and pulled her into a large walk-in closet pinning her against the closet’s door.

“You are absolutely wrong,” I said, standing so close I breathed in the oxygen she exhaled. “You’re going to stand there in my face and tell me, what I feel,” I touched my chest, “what you feel,” I touched hers, “is purely physical?”

“Julian this is crazy…” she mumbled, trying to escape my gaze.

“Yeah… that’s what I thought. What do you think happens when two people meet and fall in love? When they decide to be together, their lives, families, and friends join as one, also. It’s done every day, so don’t talk to me about leading different lives. That’s nothing that can’t be solved.”

“So, what,” Desire folded her arms defiantly. “What are you saying, Julian?”

I dropped my forehead down to hers and placed my hands on the wall on either side of her head.

“I love you girl, and I want to be with you, always…”

Desiree’s eyes widened and misted over with a glaze of fresh tears.

“Those better be tears of joy,” I said.

Desiree’s hand shielded her mouth. “Oh my God,” her voice was a high pitch whisper. “I love you, too,” she cried, and my arms fell around her. My heart knocked against my chest, and I kissed her temple, down the side of her face and across her tear stained eyes.

“Stay with me, Bella,” I said.

“I can’t,” she choked out.

“Yes, you can.”

“No,” she shook her head, “I can’t. I’m sorry.” Desiree moved but couldn’t make it past my stone barrier. My happiness was short lived, and I felt like a madman instantly.

“Why the hell not?” I roared.

“Because I don’t trust you.”

I let out frustrating breath.

“I saw Lila coming from your room Monday morning. It’s not my business what you do, but if you want to be with someone, you have to have the common decency not to entertain other women.”

“I’m not entertaining Lila; she wanted to talk about her tardiness and attitude since the day she arrived. Nothing more, nothing less.”

“At five a.m.?”

I sighed again. “Yes at five a.m., it’s the usual time to be up moving around. We were inside the room for fifteen minutes at most before I asked her to leave so I could take a shower.”

Desiree’s mind whirled, then she dropped her head into her hand.

“I thought…” her words evaporated before they had a chance to make it into the air.

“I’m not Cameron, Desiree. Let me build your trust back. I wouldn’t dare…”

“Don’t!” she yelled. “Just don’t tell me what you wouldn’t do, okay?” Desiree ruffled her hair. “We still couldn’t, we’re practically brother and sister. Your brother is marrying my sister, remember?”

I snatched Desiree up, and she yelped, shocked by my sudden movement. I crushed my lips to her mouth; sticking my tongue down her throat. I wanted to touch her soul and connect with her spirit. Desiree’s arms slid down my chest; her hands planted firmly against my torso. She moaned into my mouth, and a shudder flew through us both. I pulled up her dress and ripped her panties.

“Would your brother touch you like this…” I snatched my zipper down and thrust into her savagely. Desiree screamed, but I swallowed her cries with my tongue. “Would your brother make you feel like this…” I pumped into her, steady with a violent thrust and made her come instantly. She didn’t even get the words out. There was no warning, just a temerarious vibration that struck her core causing her to whine like that of a stricken animal. With reckless abandon, we rocked, forgetting about anything else going on around us. The warm wetness of Desiree’s fountain brought me to a stark edge. Desiree whimpered, and tears streamed down her face. “Would you be afraid to love your brother like you’re afraid to love me…” I growled. I bit down on her neck and came inside her hard. We moaned together and Desiree’s nails sunk into my shoulders. “You’re mine,” I stated matter of fact. “All mine.”





Chapter Twenty Four


Desiree





Every bone in my body seemed to go limp when my head dropped down on Julian’s shoulder. The heat that penetrated between us was a fire hazard; so much so, that any moment now we were sure to burn down the very room we stood in. I panted, and tried to gather my senses and pull it together. Julian had rattled my very core with all of his confessions. His affirmation gave me the strength I needed to rid myself of my own secrets. I was in love with him, too. I would cry if it weren’t so poetic. I loved this man as if I’d known him my entire life, with every fiber of my being. Why so strong? Why right now and how was this even possible in the short time we’d known each other? Truth of the matter was, I was still a broken woman. It wouldn’t be fair to him to knowingly enter a relationship when I could never trust him because of those past offenses. My emotions were high, and for a moment I thought my heart would beat right out of my chest.

“Julian,” I said.

“Yes, Bella,” his lips nibbled at my forehead and skipped down my face to my ears. His touch sent a tingle so strong my toes curled, and it stretched through my neck straight down to where we were still connected.

“Baby, the kids…”

Julian groaned then cursed sitting me on my feet. His withdrawal made me weaker, and I felt less than without him.

“I’ll take Lacey and Antonio back to Forward Kitchen. I want you to go to your room and wait for me.”

I shook my head. “I can’t do that. I need to take them back myself.”

“Listen to me,” Julian put my chin in his hand to make sure I was looking at him head on. “I’m not taking no for an answer, and if you don’t answer the door, this time, I’ll use a key.”

Another tremor fled through me at his vile threat. I didn’t have the energy to fight him, so I acquiesced. We reappeared in the eatery just in time to see Antonio and Lacey tilted to the side in their chairs.

“Do you think you had enough?” I asked.

They both looked at us and could barely form a smile with their belly stretched to the maximum.

“Come on guys, I’m taking you back to Forward Kitchen. Say goodbye to Ms. Stevens,” Julian said.

“Bye Ms. Steven’s,” they chimed.

I pulled them both in for hugs. “I enjoyed spending time with you today. I know it’s early, but we’ll get together tomorrow, okay?”

“It’s no problem, Ms. Steven’s,” Lacey said. Surprisingly, Antonio agreed.

“We’re going to walk Ms. Steven’s to her car,” Julian informed them.

They moved to their feet, albeit slowly, and we made our way outside where we hugged and repeated our goodbyes. Inside the backseat of Julian’s limo, I rested my head against the back of it. I needed a time out. Shifting gears was necessary, and it was time for me to head back to Houston.

My phone beeped, with an incoming text message from Santana.

Call me when you get a minute.

I didn’t respond, deciding I would call her later. Instead, I sent a text to Julian.

I need to get back to Houston.

When my phone beeped I swiped my screen and checked the message.

Pack your bags. We’ll leave before dawn.

I thought about fighting him on that. I knew he had business here for a few more days and I didn’t want to be a distraction.

I need to stay; I have an obligation to Antonio.

I closed the phone, but it beeped seconds later.

Listen to what I’m saying, Desiree. Pack your bags.

He was so adamant. I sighed and made my way inside. In a daze, I gathered my items and packed them in the rollaway suitcase I’d purchased with Fredrick’s company credit card. Fredrick would fuss about the price later, but I’d be long gone by then. In the bathroom, I ran warm soapy water in the tub and removed my clothes to get in. There was a brief moment when I thought about catching a red eye and leaving for Houston on my own. But I needed to say goodbye to Antonio. The long goodbye.

I’d fallen asleep in the tub when there was a light knock on the bathroom door. I flinched and opened my eyes.

“I knocked on the door but didn’t get an answer,” he said.

True to his word, Julian made his entry anyway. I sat up, and the water poured off my shoulders. I shuddered when a cool draft covered me.

“What time is it?”

“Six,” he said.

My eyes bugged. “Oh my god, I’ve slept too long.” I stretched, and water sloshed over the side to the floor.

“You’re good; you must’ve needed the rest. Running from me was wearing you out.” He smirked, and I twisted my lips. “I ordered you dinner. I’m going to pack my things and have them sent over to the jet.”

“Julian, I don’t want you to leave, you still have things to do here.”

“Have you forgotten, Desiree?”

I looked bewildered.

“I’m the boss. All the scenes have been wrapped. Kelsey is perfectly capable of handling things from here. These last few days in Dubai were purely for us to tie up loose ends, and rest before making our way back to the states. And,” he said before I could think of some other reason he should stay. “When I returned to Forward Kitchen, Donald informed me that Antonio’s parents were home and waiting for him. He was excited and told me to tell Ms. Steven’s, he’d miss her.” Julian smirked. “Lacey, too.”

I warmed all over and pulled my knees up to my chest for a hug.

“Thank you,” I said.

“No thanks necessary. Now get dressed before I come over there and ravage you. It’s taking extreme willpower not to pull you out of that water and suck a slippery nipple into my mouth.”

My stomach clenched, and my nipple tightened.

“It’s the last, and only time, I’ll ever ask you to get dressed.”

I hid my head in my knees, giggling and Julian left the room. I fell back against the ceramic tub and let out a contented sigh. Was this all a dream? Would I wake up in the morning and still be on the run from Julian? Had Julian really told me he loved me? Did I tell him, I loved him, too?

The memory of that moment was still jarring, and the next morning when we boarded the flight, I was still pondering on them. Although yesterday had been more relaxing than ever, with Julian and I eating dinner, flipping through channels and laying in each other’s arms, the early morning flight still put me right to sleep. I’d had a croissant and coffee before I was in dreamland all over again.

When I rose, Julian and I were pretty much in the same position we’d been in on the ride over; with me stretched out on the sofa with my head in his lap and he sitting up with both hands thrown over the top with his head back.

I pulled to a sit and coached him into reversing positions. Surprisingly, Julian didn’t do much putting up a fight, but I could tell he was still sleeping. He positioned himself on his back with his feet crossed at the ankles on the edge of the sofa and his head in my lap. I stared down at his beautifully edged facial features. Thick eyebrows, perfectly carved nose, full lips and strong jawline. Could he belong to me? His words yesterday reversed through me.

“All mine.”

Was I incredibly dumb to fall for a man like Julian? I sighed softly and silently willed myself not to kiss his lips, going for the remote control. I flipped through the channels and settled on the Lifetime Movie Network. It wasn’t long before we’d made it back to Houston. And now that we were there, I was ready to get on with it. But there was still that lingering question. How could Julian and I move forward with any kind of relationship, when I was broken?





The Houston Report was busy as usual. Phone’s ringing, conversations at the water cooler, and I could tell security had been beefed up since the incident with the crazy guy. I made a beeline for Fredrick’s office but was cut off by Santana.

“Oh no you don’t pass right by me like I’m not here,” she said rising from her seat. “You look like a woman on a mission, where are you going?”

I pulled my resignation letter out and waved it around.

“This is officially my last day.”

“No two weeks?” Santana said hopelessly. “I need two weeks, or I won’t get a letter of recommendation.”

“Yes, you will.”

Santana perked up. “And you know this because?”

“Because I’ve got something he wants and he has something I want. It’s a simple trade off that would be in the best interest of the newspaper. And you know how much Fredrick’s always looking out for the best interest of the Houston Report,” I stated sarcastically, moving past her to Fredrick’s office.

Again, I opened the door and strolled in without so much as a knock. It didn’t matter either way because Fredrick was busy fussing at a fellow reporter about something she’d missed. The girl was obviously new and looked like she had made the biggest mistake of her life.

“Ms. Stevens!” Fredrick yelled. “I’m surprised to see you.” He checked his calendar and his wrist watch. “You’re a few days early,” he frowned, “There’s nothing wrong is there?”

Fredrick was so paranoid that I’d ruin any chances for the Houston Report to get this story he almost pissed himself.

“Dana, you can go, but remember what I said,” he reiterated.

Dana fled past me like a freight train. In a few years, she’d be me. Fredrick turned his attention back to me when Dana left the room. I handed him the white envelope. His eyes pierced.

“What’s this?” he said while simultaneously opening it. His eyes fled across the words and a frown appeared on his face. Fredrick looked up at me with an arched brow.

“You’re retiring now when you’re in the height of your career?”

“How exactly am I in the height of my career? I’m in the same position doing the same things I did when I first started, despite my credentials.”

Fredrick swallowed, and he cast a look around the room nervously. I knew what that was about. He was afraid I’d take this current story and run. He should be. Even though I signed non-compete contracts, I was still brave enough to use it as a scare tactic.

“I need a letter of recommendation from you. And I need it by tomorrow.”

Fredrick sat back in his seat.

“I also need a letter of recommendation for Santana. She quits, too.”

Fredrick smirked and shook his head. “You have some nerve coming in here telling me what you need. I need that report from you, pronto, and I’m not sure if you and Santana deserve letters of recommendations. You’re Ms. Independent right? Get your jobs elsewhere using your own credentials. Fredrick tossed the letter at me, and it glided down to the floor right before my feet. I glanced to the fallen envelope then glared up.

Taking a step forward, I placed my hands on his desk and leaned in so he could hear me good. “You will write letters of recommendations, and if you don’t, I will take this story to the Houston Chronicle. If you think I’m kidding, I want you to try me, Fredrick. I have no reason to bluff. I’ll only say this once you disrespectful mule. When I leave this office,” I glanced at my wrist watch, “Which will be in about thirty seconds, I’m taking Santana with me. We’ll go to lunch, and I’ll write this report up like the award-winning reporter that I am. And when I come back here tomorrow to deliver it, you, Fredrick Jones Carter, will have two finely written letters of recommendations waiting for me. At that time, we’ll trade.”

I turned around and walked to the door. “Oh, and I know Mr. Rose never signed a contract or agreement that he would be giving you first dibs on this report, so the non-compete clause doesn’t work with this project.” I left his office and slammed the door behind me causing a few heads to turn my way.

“Nothing to see here people, back to work,” I said approaching Santana’s desk. “Grab your things, we’re leaving,” I said.

“We?”

“Yes. You, and me. Now let’s go, unless you want to stay.”

Santana glanced around her desk and gathered her things a bit too hesitant for my taste. “Santana.”

“Hmm?” She turned to me hopeful.

“You know I got your back, right?”

Her face relaxed. “Yeah, I know it.”

“Then come on. I’ve got to type up this report, and we’ve got some packing to do.”

Santana tossed her bag over her shoulder and opened her large desk drawer pulling out what looked like a beach bag. I arched a brow at her, and she smiled sheepishly.

“Let’s just say, I was prepared for this,” she said.

“Apparently.”

We walked through the halls of the Houston Report for the final time as employee’s, and I was already feeling light on my toes.





Chapter Twenty Five





“That’s what you told him?” Santana seemed perplexed.

“Yeah.”

“And you can write that report in twenty-four hours?”

“I’m old school; you know this. I write with pen and paper first then type up my reports in my processor. The report is done, I’ve just got to type it up. Which is what I’m doing now.”

I sat across from Santana with my netbook in front of me and a yellow legal pad with all my notations copied. We were in the coffee shop across the street from the Houston Report.

“I could take this thing back to him tonight if I wanted to. Julian has emailed the photo’s we are using, so it’s all a matter of organizing this perfectly.” I typed as I talked.

“Julian,” Santana sang batting her eyes. “I’m surprised you got anything done with him around.”

“Tell me about it.”

“Oh, she admits it,” Santana joked. “That’s something new.”

I blushed and rested my fingers across the keyboard. “Santana, I don’t know what happened. I’m… I’m…”

“You’re in love,” she said.

“How’d you know?”

“Oh girl, I’m your best friend. It’s written all over your face, and if Julian is anything like Josiah, then Oh-Behave,” she said mocking Austin Powers.

I burst into laughter. She shook her head up and down steady. A text message chimed, and I pulled my cell out.

I’m taking you to lunch, where are you?

“See that right there,” Santana said. “It’s a dead giveaway.”

“What is?” I said as I texted Julian back my location and informed him Santana was with me.

“That glow happens every time you talk about him.”

I blushed again, and butterflies churned in my belly. Just then Santana gasped.

“What?” I asked.

“Did you guys have sex?”

“Sssh, keep your voice down,” I said glancing around quickly. “And yes, we had sex,” I bit my bottom lip. “Many times.”

Santana squealed, and I closed my eyes and laughed, embarrassed but elated at the same time.

“I’m so glad you got them cobwebs removed girl,” Santana said.

My expression grew serious. “Whatever,” I smirked.

“I’m just saying, for a minute there I thought you would turn into a nun.”

We fell into a heap of giggles and my eyes watered.

“Shut up!” I swatted her. “You make me so sick sometimes.”

“Yeah, well, get used to it because where we’re going, you’ll be seeing me on a regular.”

“I’m so excited about it, too,” I confessed.

“Desiree…”

I whipped my head to the person who’d called my name and froze. After my initial shock, I sucked in a frustrated breath.

“You just won’t let me be will you?”

Before Cameron could respond, my eyes landed on the man standing next to him. Like an apparition, he stood before me, and I’m sure my face drained of all heated blood cells.

“Daddy?” I choked, as the words croaked from my tongue. “Oh… my… God…”

“Baby girl I can explain,” my father started.

I held my hand up to silence him. “You don’t get to call me that. You don’t get to call me anything. What are you doing here and with him!?”

My heart drummed in my chest. These two appearing together had to be the cruelest of jokes. They were both trying to give me heart attacks. Of that I was sure.

“Throughout the years, I’ve been keeping an eye on you,” my father said, “and your sister. It hasn’t been easy since you live in two different states. I hadn’t been able to watch you while I was watching Claudia in Chicago, so I thought you and Cameron here were still together. I reached out to him, first, wanting to reconcile with you. I thought you guys were married, and I knew it would be easier if your husband explained my reappearance before you met with me. If you decided to.”

I was baffled; my mind in utter shock. “Cameron is not my husband,” I said through clenched teeth.

My father nodded. “I know that now, even though he led me to believe otherwise.” This time my father glowered at Cameron.

“I’ve told you, I didn’t mean to. I wanted to reconcile with Desiree as well. I figured we could do it together.”

I tossed my hands up and quickly began gathering my things. I snapped my notebook closed practically throwing it in my briefcase along with my notes. I grabbed my café expresso and stood to my feet.

“Wait, please,” my father said.

I shook my head. “You’ve had over a decade to come to me,” I snapped. “A decade! I looked for you every night for ten years!” I stuttered as tears ran down my cheeks. “Now you want to reconcile?” I pointed first at my father. “No to you! And damn sure no to you!” I said, pointing to Cameron.

“Desiree!” They said in unison.

“Stop, okay just stop it!”

Cameron stepped in front of my father. “You can’t keep this up,” Cameron said reaching out and grabbing my arm. “You have to listen to me!”

“Get off of me!” I yelled. Our raised voices brought the attention of the waiter and manager.

“Excuse me, I’m sorry for the confusion but I’m going to have to ask you all to leave,” the short, stocky brunette said.

I pushed off Cameron, wiggling my arm free. “Don’t ever touch me again!”

“Desiree—”

“You heard the lady.”

Everyone turned to stare at Julian. He past Santana approaching like a brooding bull with brows knocked together and flared nostrils. He stepped in front of me, and Cameron took a step back. So, did my father.

“Don’t ever fuckin touch her again,” he said through a locked jaw. The distress I felt just moments before diminished like it had the last few run-in’s I’d had with Cameron.

“Baby,” I laid my hand on his shoulder to calm him. “I’m okay, let’s go, I can’t stand here another minute.”

It was true. Although Julian had completely consumed my madness, I was still on edge. I turned making sure to slip my hand in his and pull him away as I walked.

“Oh wait,” I stopped and turned back for Santana who was right behind us.

“I’m here, go,” she said shooing me forward. We exited the building going for the parking lot.

“Bella.”

I stopped my escape and looked up at Julian expectantly.

“I once asked you if you wanted to see your father again, and you said you weren’t sure.”

I sighed and leaned my weight into a hip. “And?”

“Are you sure you don’t want to reconcile?”

“How much did you hear?”

Julian pulled me into his arms. “Bella, I love you…”

A heavy flutter spread over me. “I want to be with you,” he continued, “but you need closure.”

My pulse quickened.

“Now’s your chance to get it.”

I was shaking my head no. “I can’t.”

“You must.”

Tears stained my eyes, and I buried my head in his chest as he held me securely.

“I don’t know if I can.” My voice was shaken. I’d had many conversations in my head about what I would say to my father if I ever saw him again. But now that I had the opportunity, the words wouldn’t come to me.

“You don’t have to talk if you don’t want to,” Julian’s dark, soothing voice beat through my ear. “But for your sake, not his, listen to what he has to say. He may just answer some of the questions you have.

I calmed, like a child who’d been given a pacifier. Silently, I agreed.

“Stay here. I’ll be right back okay?”

I watched him walk away.

Santana stepped to my side. “If at any time you want to pass out, I’ll try and catch you. I ain’t making no promises though.”

I smiled and looked at her, tossing my arms around her shoulders in a snug hug. She hugged me back and we had a laugh. I turned back anxiously just as Julian reappeared with my father by his side. I breathed easy even though my gut tightened. They stopped in front of me and Julian moved to the side of me. I scanned my father’s face. The years had not aged him gracefully. Stress lines sat on his forehead and beneath his eyes. His skin appeared to be dry and rough. I inhaled and exhaled even breaths. My father attempted a smile but it was more of a faltering crack of a grin.

“Thank you for speaking with me,” he said. “It has been too long since we’ve been apart and I know, that’s no fault of yours.” He swallowed before moving forward. “To plainly put it, back then when we were a family, I’d gotten mixed up in a gambling ring.” My eyes stretched but I didn’t say a word. “The year before my disappearance—”

“You mean the year you left,” I said sharply.

“Yes, that’s what I mean.”

“You called it your disappearance as if you were kidnapped. And you weren’t, you left on your own accord and didn’t look back.”

“You’re right, it was the only way to keep my girl’s safe. I would’ve never just left without reason.”

“What do you mean to keep us safe?”

“I’d got into some business dealings with some shady people. At the time, I didn’t know they were shady. I thought we were all just brothers tryna come up in the world, you know? I had you guys and your mom to look after. The late nights and early mornings at my job were coming between your mother and me.” He paused then pushed forward. “The situation I’d gotten into escalated. I was giving money from our savings to one of these so-called friends and they were hustling me when I thought they were paying off my debt. When I found out I still owed every single dime, I went after this friend, but he was in the wind, and I was stuck with a bill I couldn’t pay off.” My father blew out a deep breath. “I know you want to know everything but some things are better left unsaid.”

I stared at him understanding his reference but wanting to wave it off at the same time.

“I had to leave,” his eyes pleaded with me for sympathy. “I couldn’t have you girls in harm’s way, so I left to work off my debt.” I opened my mouth to speak but my father cut me off. “Somethings are better left unsaid.”

“You lied to me.” I was holding steady, but didn’t know how much longer I could. “You told me, you’d be back later that night. You lied to my face knowing you had no intentions of coming home.” I folded my arms across my chest.

“Desiree, I’m sorry. I couldn’t tell you what was going on. I had a hard-enough time as it was dealing with the fact that I had to leave you all.”

“Oh, you had a hard time dealing with it, huh,” I said, my response snarky. “What about the hard time I had, dad? Dealing with the fact that I was the oldest, my mother was distressed, my sister was confused, and I had to lead us when I had no idea how to do so? I had to become tough even though I was weak most times. It resulted in me constantly picking at my sister whenever I felt like she wasn’t doing something perfectly.

I felt it was what she needed. I pacified my actions by calling it tough love. But you know what, in actuality, I was unerringly picking on myself. I saw myself in Claudia; the little girl who wanted to get things right to please my family. So, I picked on her like I silently picked on myself. And once I realized what I was doing, I did one of your numbers daddy and I left. The pressure I felt after your departure was too much for me. So, I ran like the wind.”

My eyes traveled from my father to the front door of Starbucks. It opened, and Cameron traipsed out the door with a coffee cup in hand. He saw us standing in a circle then his eyes landed on me.

“Shortly afterward, I fell in love with someone. We dated, and decided we wanted to be together. He gave me promises of forever and I believed that’s what he wanted. “My eyes misted over and I clenched then unclenched my jaw. “But it wasn’t. I had to find out the hard way, and it tore me apart.” I wiped the tears before they fell and looked away from Cameron back to my father.

“My trust in men has been at an all-time low. I honestly never thought I’d love one again. But this year, I had the pleasure of meeting someone who connected with my soul on a level I’ve never known before. When he’s around, my spirit is refreshed on a supernatural level. I know without a doubt we belong together.”

I reached out and grabbed Julian’s hand. When our fingers met, the clandestine heat that always pooled over me didn’t disappoint. It saturated my bones and I breathed in a soul snatching breath.

“You know when I said I wanted to be with you,” Julian said grabbing my full attention. “I meant… forever…” A single silver box was produced. It sat beautifully in satin material wrapped in an elegant bow in the palm of his hand.

My eyes popped, and I gasped instantly. My hand flew to cover my mouth. Concurrently tears sprang to my eyes, and I cried profusely like a newborn baby.

“You’re killing me, Bella,” Julian said. “I had other plans in mind to ask you this, but right now seemed like as good a time as any.” He shrugged and pulled his lip between his teeth. “Besides, I was out of patience anyway. I want you… I need you to be my wife, mi Amor.”

Julian popped the top and the three-diamond trilogy ring sparkled. That didn’t help his chances of getting an answer because I was crying harder now. Everything about this instant was crazy, but at that moment, there was no caution in sight. Heartily, I nodded back and forth.

“Is that a yes,” he asked.

“Yes!”

“Excuse me,” the Starbucks restaurant manager took that time to interrupt us. “Is there a problem out here?”

“No,” my father said. “My daughter here just accepted a marriage proposal. He smiled brightly, pride affluent in his eyes. Surprisingly I didn’t feel scolded by his use of the word daughter.

“Oh, congratulations to the lucky bride!” The manager rejoiced.

“On the contrary,” Julian said, “I’m the lucky one.”

Julian stepped forward, sealing us so close friction popped between us. When his lips landed on mine, I hurriedly kissed him back. He laughed against my mouth at my hungriness, and I found myself the aggressor.

“If you keep this up, Bella, we’re going to give our guests an eye full.”

I heard him, but I couldn’t move away from him and I was glad when he didn’t either. Standing there in the parking lot of Starbucks, with my father, Cameron, Santana, and the manager looking on, we kissed, forever sealing our destiny’s together for all time.





Epilogue




Three Weeks Later





“I thought I’d never see you again,” Laney said massaging my head as she washed my hair. I peeked an eye open and squinted.

“Why? This is where I always get my hair done when I’m in Houston.”

“Which I thought would be never again now that you’ve taken Julian Alexander Rose off the market,” Laney smirked.

News of me and Julian’s engagement hit the media fast after Santana broke the story. Since I knew it would happen anyway, I decided letting my best friend break the news was better than it coming out any other way. Santana was completely stoked about the idea, but I told her I needed to run it by Julian first. She’d pretended to calm down, but inside she was jumping for joy.

The days leading up until today had moved so fast sometimes it was nauseating. Was this happening to me? Was I, Desiree Stevens, about to marry a Rose? I’d pinched myself a thousand times, and the pain let me know quickly this was so real. None of it would be possible without having Julian in my life. He was where I belonged. After his proposal, we’d all calmed down long enough to think about the next steps to take, and not just in me and Julian’s life. My father was looking to have a relationship with both me and Claudia.

I was worried about talking to Claudia about him. I knew with her being the baby girl, his absence in her life stung worse. Come to find out, I was right. But I was wrong about thinking she would be mad about his resurface.

Claudia seemed genuinely happy to see our father. She welcomed him with open arms after hearing his story. It made me think about me and Claudia’s relationship and gave me the courage to speak my truth. That same day, while they hugged and reunited, I stared at my sister from across the room. She must have felt it too because Claudia looked right over at me.

“What?”

I glanced at the floor then walked closer to her meeting her face to face.

“I’m sorry.” I sniffed and pressed my lips together. “There’s no good excuse for the way I’ve treated you in the past, and for that I’m sorry. For what it’s worth, it was never about you. It was about my failure as your big sister.” I sniffed again, and my eyes traveled to my father then back to Claudia. “You’ve done a helluva job with mom, and I thank you for picking up the pieces after I left and marched forward.” My eyes clouded with fresh tears. “Jaden is so lucky to have you.” The tears ran down my face, and Claudia drew me in for a hug. We clung tightly to each other. “I’m sooo sorry,” I cried.

“Ssssh,” Claudia said. “Please stop crying, Desiree.”

“Forgive me,” I cried more and laid my head on her shoulder.

Together we stood for as long as we could stand it, in a tight embrace. I sighed. It felt wonderful to get that off my chest. Seriously, a load had been lifted. With Claudia and me clearing the air, finding out the truth about our father, and Julian’s proposal, I was on cloud ninety-nine. Life has been sweet. Today, Santana and I are in Houston so she could visit her parents. I made reservations to get my hair whipped by Laney.

The best part about all of this was, I was marrying the man of my dreams in a few months. All our plans had been set. Our wedding location? Montego Bay, Jamaica. I squealed with delight at just the thought of it. I couldn’t wait, knowing we would have the time of our lives.



The End

Enjoying Falling for a Rose Series? Grab the next installment which follows Josiah Alexander Rose and Santana Summers as they venture into a thing called love in, Fever.



Hey reading family, here we are again! I hope you enjoyed this book as much as I enjoyed writing it. If so, take a moment and leave a review on Amazon. Check the next page for other books and get an exclusive teaser not found in stores when you subscribe to my newsletter!

XOXO - Stephanie





More Books by Stephanie Nicole Norris




Contemporary Romance

Everything I Always Wanted (A Friends to Lovers Romance)

Safe With Me (Falling for a Rose Book One)

Enough (Falling for a Rose Book Two)

Only If You Dare (Falling For a Rose Book Three)

Fever (Falling for a Rose Book Four)





Romantic Suspense Thrillers

Beautiful Assassin

Beautiful Assassin 2 Revelations

Mistaken Identity

Trouble In Paradise

Vengeful Intentions (Trouble In Paradise 2)

For Better and Worse (Trouble In Paradise 3)

Until My Last Breath (Trouble In Paradise 4)





Christian Romantic Suspense



Broken

Reckless Reloaded





Crime Fiction

Prowl

Prowl 2

Hidden (Coming Soon)





Fantasy

Golden (Rapunzel’s F’d Up Fairytale)





Non-Fiction



Against All Odds (Surviving the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit) *Non-Fiction





About the Author




Stephanie Nicole Norris is an author from Chattanooga Tennessee with a humble beginning. She was raised with six siblings by her mother, Jessica Ward. Always being a lover of reading, during Stephanie’s teenage years her joy was running to the book mobile to read stories by R. L. Stine.



After becoming a young adult, her love for romance sparked leaving her captivated by hero’s and heroines alike. With a big imagination and a creative heart, Stephanie penned her first novel Trouble In Paradise and self-published it in 2012. Her debut novel turned into a four-book series full of romance, drama, and suspense. As a prolific writer, Stephanie’s catalog continues to grow. Her books can be found on Amazon dot com. Stephanie is inspired by the likes of Donna Hill, Eric Jerome Dickey, Jackie Collins, and more. She currently resides in Tennessee with her husband and two-year-old son.





