Table of Contents


	Prologue

A GAME OF COURAGE

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Dear Reader

BONUS EXCERPT

From the Author

Books by Lena Hart

About the Author





A Game of COURAGE





Lena Hart





Contents


A GAME OF COURAGE

Prologue



Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Dear Reader

BONUS EXCERPT

From the Author

Books by Lena Hart



About the Author





A GAME OF COURAGE

Copyright © 2017

Abridged version originally published in the Hot On Ice: A Hockey Romance anthology.



E-book ISBN: 978-1-941885-42-0



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission, except in the case of brief passages embodied in critical reviews and articles.





A Game of COURAGE

Newly appointed head coach Mason Courage is in for the fight of his life. What should have been the biggest night of his career turns into the worst moment in his life when his wife files for divorce—and the media has a field day.



Tired of her husband’s neglect, Jules believes the best course of action for their strained marriage is to end things now before things get worst. But her former bad boy isn’t about to let anyone—or anything—break up his family.



For his career, his children, his wife, Mason is prepared to fight for them all… But can he manage to win back her heart?





To those living their happily-ever-after.

Keep the flame burning…





Prologue





“Mommy, where’s Daddy?”

Jules took the large serving spoon out of her messy four-year-old daughter’s hand and replaced it with a smaller one.

“He’s sleeping, sweetie. Daddy got home really late last night.”

Madison pouted and frowned down at her cereal. “But he promised he was going to make me pancakes for breakfast.”

“Not today, baby. He needs his rest.”

Madison released a grunt of displeasure, but spooned a big helping of the cereal into her mouth. Jules finished her banana and tossed the peel in the trash. She ran down the many appointments she had today and knew she was forgetting something. She needed to check her calendar if she had any hopes of getting her schedule straight.

She searched around the countertop for her cell phone until she remembered it was still in the bedroom.

“Madison, don’t forget we have to visit your new school today, so finish your breakfast then get out of those pajamas.”

“Is Daddy coming too?”

“No talking with your mouth full. And no, baby. Not today.”

Jules headed to her bedroom and was surprised to find the bed empty, though the shower in the connecting bath was running. She should have known better. No matter how late her husband got in, he was never in bed after eight.

She sat on the edge of the bed and quickly went through her calendar. As she suspected, she had back-to-back appointments, including a late afternoon board meeting with one of her charities. She scrolled down her calendar and saw the reminder highlighted in red at the bottom.

Wedding anniversary next month!

Jules smiled. This year they would be celebrating nine years of marriage. She wondered what she should get him. He’d been so distracted this year with his team and so focused on getting to the playoffs, she couldn’t think of anything he wanted for.

Except winning the championship Cup, of course.

Jules sent a little prayer and a couple of wishes that her husband and his team got exactly that. As for their anniversary, she would just have to think of someplace special to take him. Someplace far away from his work.

An email notification sprang up on her screen and she quickly scanned it. It was from their son’s speech therapist. She was so engrossed in her reply email, she didn’t realize the shower had stopped for some time now.

“Good morning, babe.”

Jules glanced up to find Mason still damp from his shower, a thick white towel wrapped around his lean waist. His short, dark hair was tousled, adding to his rakish good looks. She admired the way his abs flexed as he strode over to where she sat on the bed. Even though he had traded his hockey stick for a clipboard three years ago, he still kept his body fit and firm. Leaning down, he planted a kiss on her lips.

“Good morning,” she murmured against his mouth, breathing in his fresh aftershave.

He started to straighten, but she latched on to his towel and held him to her. His deep blue eyes widened with surprise before he smiled crookedly at her.

“You want this off?”

“No, I want to know what you’re doing out of bed?”

“I have to get back to the stadium. We have a long day of training ahead.”

Jules frowned. “But you got home really late last night. You should be sleeping in.”

He arched a brow. “When have I ever slept in?”

“I know, but still… You need to stop and take a break.”

“I will, babe. Once we win this thing. Until then, we can’t sleep on our competition. And I certainly can’t let up now.” He framed her face with his palms and came down until his lips hovered over hers. “But I could spare an hour or two in bed if you join me.”

Before she could respond, he covered her mouth with his and kissed her deeply. Jules braced her palms against his hard abs, savoring the feel of his athletic body and the way his lips moved over hers. He began to draw her down on the bed, and the moment her back touched the soft, cool sheets, she pushed against him.

“Wait. The door isn’t locked.”

He glanced behind him. Their bedroom door was left slightly ajar. “The kids are still home?”

“Only Madison. Carrie brought Jeremy to school so I could take her to meet her summer prep teacher.”

Mason turned back to her and lifted a brow. “There’s prep school for pre-school?”

“At Saint Francis there is and that meeting is in an hour, so we’re going to have to pick this up later.”

He blew out a heavy breath, gave her one last kiss then pushed himself up. “Pretty soon we’re going to have start scheduling our love making.”

She followed him up. “We wouldn’t have to if you just made it home at night.”

“Don’t start, Jules.” His tone was curt as he made his way to their walk-in closet. The sound of a drawer opening then snapping shut was indicative of his surly mood.

Jules pursed her lips. She didn’t want to start an argument, but she wouldn’t let him make sly comments about their barely tepid love-life as if she or their kids were to blame.

“You know I’m right, Mason. When was the last time we made love that wasn’t…lazy.”

He poked his head of the closet, a scowl marring his handsome face. “Lazy?”

“You know what I mean. We used to have fun, be spontaneous. Now we’re like two ships passing each other with maybe a quickie tossed in right before you jet off to another game.”

He ducked back into the closet. “It’s only temporary,” he called out. “Once the season’s over, I’ll take you someplace special and we’ll make love until we both can’t move.”

She rolled her eyes at that. Then suddenly his words dawned on her. “When the season’s over? You don’t have anything planned for next month?”

“No, why?”

Jules narrowed her eyes then hopped off the bed. She went to the closet and leaned against the door frame, watching him as he jerked on his slacks.

“Mason, please tell me you didn’t forget.”

He stilled then glanced back at her. “I didn’t forget.”

She studied him then scoffed in disgust. “Liar.”

Turning on her heels, she started toward the bathroom.

“Come back here, babe.” He came after her and looped his arms around her waist. “I said I didn’t forget. It’s our anniversary next month, isn’t it?”

“Are you asking or telling me?”

He nuzzled the side of her neck. Jules couldn’t stop the shiver that raked through her. He must have felt it too, because he drew her closer to him.

“Don’t be mad at me,” he murmured in her ear. “Not for something that hasn’t even happened.”

“I don’t want to spend our anniversary alone, Mason. I don’t care what game you have that week.”

“You won’t, babe.”

Jules let herself relax against him. She couldn’t stop the soft sigh that escaped her when he pressed another kiss against her neck.

“You promise?”

“I promise.”





1





Three months later…



“Mason, people usually smile during moments like this.”

Mason Courage turned his gaze to the Cajun Rage’s general manager and cocked a brow.

“Steven, that is him smiling,” Michael Babineaux said, sitting behind his large desk and chuckling at his own remark.

Mason returned his gaze to the team’s owner, trying to process what the two men were telling him—or rather, what they had offered.

Head coach of the Cajun Rage.

It still seemed surreal.

“I’m flattered by the offer, really. But what about Thibodeault? He still has a few seasons left in him.”

Doesn’t he?

Based on the shared look between the two men, Mason had his answer.

“That heart attack hit him hard, and was more serious than we all anticipated,” Steven Garey said. “We wanted to wait until we made your promotion official, but it looks like Thibodeault will be heading toward early retirement.”

Shit.

The realization that the team’s current head coach wouldn’t return to his position filled him with a sense of loss he hadn’t expected. For all of Guy Thibodeault’s surliness, he was a great hockey coach, and had been an even better mentor these past three years. Mason was certain the team would feel the loss.

“It’s been clear for some time now that Guy wasn’t up to leading a championship team,” Michael said. “It’s time we had the right guy for the job. And that guy’s you.”

“What are you talking about? Coach Thibodeault is the one who got us here. Without him, we wouldn’t have won the Cup this season.”

“Technically, without Zim’s save on the ice in game seven, we wouldn’t have won. Now, we’re New Orleans’ new local stars.”

Mason frowned at him. He had nothing against Michael. He just didn’t care too much for the old-money type that chose to be hands-off only when it suited them. They had all sacrificed to get this win. Hell, there was a big chance that Thibodeault’s heart attack was largely due to the stress they had put themselves under.

“Look, Mason, we’re not taking anything away from Thibodeault,” Steven said, pushing away from the desk he had been leaning against. “He’s been good for the team, but we’ve been watching you. We see how you manage the team. More importantly, we’ve noticed how they respond to you. It’s only right that you take on the head coach position permanently.”

Mason stared at the men, not sure yet what to say. This was exactly what he had been looking forward to since he had joined the Cajun Rage as an assistant coach three years ago. Many assistant coaches looked forward to this moment. He had just never expected the moment to come so soon.

“If you need more time to think about it—”

“I don’t,” Mason said abruptly. Soon or not, he had no intention of turning the job down. “If Thibodeault is retiring, then I’d be honored to take over for him.”

“Excellent,” Steven said. “This is turning out to be a big year for us, Mason. Don’t let us down.”

Mason rose to his feet. “When have I ever?”

He had come a long way from the hotheaded agitator he had once been as a player in the league. A wife and two young kids had a way of taming any bad boy—at least, they had for him.

“We know this is the off-season and you might have plans with your family this summer,” Steven said, “but leave some room on your schedule to help vet a replacement assistant coach.”

“Sure. Do you have anyone in mind?”

“We’re looking at a few candidates, but haven’t arranged anything yet. Besides, we want to first announce these changes to the team before we make Thibodeault’s retirement public.”

“Any idea when that will be?” Mason asked. Their players knew about his interim position as head coach, and many had no issue with it. But how would they take learning the position would now be permanent?

“As we speak, Harlan is drafting a statement on Thibodeault’s behalf,” Steven said. “We have a press conference scheduled at the end of this week to make an official announcement. We’ll use that to also announce your promotion.”

Lucky me.

He hated talking to the press.

“After the press conference, we expect planning for next season to begin sooner than later,” Michael added. “Winning the Cup was big for us, but it was just the beginning. We have a bigger season ahead of us.”

Mason inclined his head and left the office. If Michael Babineaux knew him at all, he wouldn’t have wasted his time with that comment. Mason was already thinking about the scouting reports and training videos he planned to review for next season.

He made it to his office, but before he could settle himself behind his desk, his personal assistant Doug Cullen rushed inside. He had the forethought to shut the door behind him, but it was the pallor on his narrow face that made the muscles on Mason’s shoulders bunch.

“What is it, Doug?”

“You haven’t seen it, have you?”

“Seen what? Don’t tell me there’s another video of Archer out there.”

Mason gritted his teeth and braced himself. For all their talent and heart, some of the players couldn’t seem to keep themselves out of the media.

“Um…it’s a little more serious than that,” Doug said, shifting on his feet. The lack of color on his face made his red hair that more pronounced.

“Spit it out, Doug,” Mason snapped. “I’m not a mind reader.”

“Well…uh…I should probably just show you.”

Doug pulled out his cell phone and fiddled with it before handing it to him. Mason took the phone, his brow pulling into a deeper frown. For a second, it took him a moment to recognize the photo of him and his wife on their wedding day. It was the only photo of their very private wedding that had been released to the media eight years ago, in order to satisfy the vultures and put an end to the harassment.

But it wasn’t the fact that the photo had resurfaced these many years later that bothered him. It was the alteration to it that brought his blood to a slow boil. The image included an altered rip in the center, effectively tearing the photo of them in two.

The headline read: BREAKING—America’s Beauty Queen calls it quits after ten years with Hockey’s Former Bad Boy.

Mason’s heart began to beat in a rapid tempo as he continued to read the brief article.

Former beauty queen Juliette Bennett has petitioned for a divorce from New Orleans’ Cajun Rage coach Mason Courage. The appeal comes after the Rajun’s shocking championship win against the New York Spartans.

Mason reread the article, wanting to believe this was just internet gossip—a prank, even—but the news source was credible. Not to mention the extreme care he and Jules took to stay out of the media. No reputable news source would bother reporting something that didn’t have some semblance of truth behind it.

And in the pit of his twisting gut, Mason knew it was true. He and Jules had been having problems for some weeks now, but he never believed it had gotten this bad.

“When was this posted?” Mason asked, his eyes still glued to the small screen.

“A few minutes ago,” Doug said. “My roommate texted it to me. It’s not trending yet, but…um…you might want to stay off social media.”

Mason glared at him. “Why?”

Doug shifted again, then swallowed hard. Just then, an alert sounded on the cell phone in his hand, and Mason glanced down at the text message that filled the screen.

You see this???

Attached to the message was a picture of his wife with a dark-haired man at a restaurant. She was dressed beautifully, and her straight dark hair was pulled over to one side of her bare shoulders. She was smiling at the man sitting across from her at the table, her full lips frozen in a sexy grin. It was obvious she didn’t know the picture was being taken. If she had, he wondered if she would have smiled at that man that way.

Mason tried not to let his thoughts jump to conclusions, but it was damn near impossible not to. “Who the hell is Tank?” Mason asked, turning the phone to Doug’s direction. “And where the hell did he get this picture?”

“That’s my roomie.” Doug’s pale green eyes darted toward the phone, and he grimaced. “And that pic is all over the internet.”

Another alert rang. Mason’s grip around the thin phone became unbearably tight as he read the next message.

Is this really her new boo?? What do you know about this?

None of the counting or breathing techniques he had adopted over the years could stop the boiling rage that began to surface. His gaze remained glued on the damn photo, and a sudden heat rose in the back of his neck. It travelled up to his temple until he thought he would explode. The knowledge that the end of his world was reduced to internet gossip drove him over the edge.

“Uh, Mason, can I have—”

Before he could stop himself, Mason threw the phone across the room. It slammed against the wall and split in two.

“—my phone back.”

Mason cursed and ran his fingers through his hair. The short burst of anger didn’t help lessen his outrage any.

Doug sighed and went to pick up what was left of the broken phone. “Never mind. I guess I didn’t need a phone.”

Mason ran his fingers through his hair again. “Sorry. Get yourself a new one. Charge it to my account.”

“Oh, you bet I will,” Doug muttered. He straightened and turned back to face him. “About what’s been posted…?”

Mason shut his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Doug, do me a favor.”

“Yeah?”

“Get the hell out.”

Doug quietly backed out of the office. Mason waited until the door shut before he sank into the seat behind his desk. He tried to rein in his unruly temper so he could think clearly. He needed to get himself under control if he was going to confront his wife and figure out what the hell was going on.

None of this made sense. They had their problems, sure. What marriage didn’t? But the woman he had married eight years ago wouldn’t just break up their family.

She wouldn’t.

Mason glanced over at the family photo that hung on his wall. It felt like another lifetime ago. They had taken it three years ago, right before the Cajun Rage had started its first season. He remembered this particular photo had been one of the few taken at the start of their shoot. They had been trying to get their then five-year-old son and eighteen-month-old daughter to sit still long enough for the photo. The photographer had decided to continue shooting while they had been trying to wrangle a smile from Jeremy and keep Madison from crawling out of the shot.

After a series of nice, professionally posed shots, it was this silly candid photo that Jules had selected to have framed for his new office.

Something to look at whenever you forget to smile, she had said.

Mason fixed his gaze on his wife in the photo, her honey brown skin accentuating the golden flecks in her striking almond-slanted eyes. The ripples of her dark stylishly curled hair hung pass her shoulders and framed her slender face. She was a beauty for sure, but she was so much more than that. She was loving, selfless, and as fierce as she was gentle. Especially when it came to the people she loved or the things she cared about.

That’s why none of this made sense to him. The woman he married wouldn’t breakup their family, no matter how tough things got.

He continued to stare at the photo. Instead of the warm feelings he had always gotten from looking at the photo, a slow panic and sense of dread began to fill him. He couldn’t lose his family.

He wouldn’t.

Pushing up to his feet, Mason grabbed his keys and rushed out of the door.





2





“Linda, how did this happen? This is not what I wanted.”

Juliette Courage paced around her living room, trying her best not to completely lose her cool with her lawyer.

“This didn’t come from my office, Jules. I can assure you,” Linda Greisen said. “Some file clerk must have recognized your names. This sort of stuff is not very uncommon, and it’s no big deal, really.”

“Yes, it is! The media’s making up all kinds of lies about us. About me.”

Jules glanced back at the muted television screen. The mockery someone had made of their wedding photo stirred another wave of nausea through her. It was bad enough her private life was being plastered across the local news—having the most painful decision of her life being made fun of was beyond hurtful.

“I’m sorry about that, but you know how the media is. They’ll gobble up anything that’s hot right now, and right now, your husband is a local celebrity.”

“I don’t care. You assured me this would go quickly and quietly. You need to fix this!”

Linda sighed. “I’ll see what I can do, but honestly, there isn’t much. It’s all just bad timing and exactly the kind of gossip the media loves to latch on to. Just give it some time and it’ll be old news soon.”

But Jules didn’t have time.

The distinct sound of the front door slamming shut jolted her. She whirled around as Mason’s heavy footsteps snapped against the tile floors.

“Linda, I’ll call you later.”

“All right, but I—”

Jules hung up and waited as Mason made his way to the sitting room. She mentally braced herself for his anger, which she knew would be there, even if he tried to hide it. Mason didn’t like surprises, and this was certainly not how she had wanted him to find out.

Jules folded her hands in front of her, her heart thumping in her chest as she waited. Her anticipation wrestled with her anxiety. In that moment, she was acutely aware of every tremor running down her arms, every breath that escaped her constricted lungs. She felt as she was preparing herself for battle. In this case, she was.

Mason strode into the spacious room then stopped. His piercing gaze locked on her, and behind his marine-blue eyes were a steely calm she’d seen before. Even the silk strands of his dark brown hair were neatly in place, highlighting the coolness of his composed demeanor. He didn’t fool her for a second as he continued to regard her for what seemed like an eternity until she couldn’t stand the tension any longer.

“Mason, this is not how I wanted you to find out.”

The muscles in his jaw flexed. “How exactly did you want to tell me you were going to break up our family?”

Jules winced inwardly. “That’s not what I wanted either.”

Yet that’s exactly what she was doing…

“Then what do you want, Jules?”

He propped himself on the armrest of the sofa and folded his arms across his chest. His biceps bulged beneath his suit, creating a noticeable outline and she couldn’t help but remember the nights when those arms had curved around her waist and held her close. She missed those nights.

“You’ve got my full attention now. Isn’t that what your little stunt was about?”

Jules tightened her lips together at his condescending remark. Did he really think she would file for divorce just to get him to pay attention to her? She hated that he would even think that.

Even more than that, she hated that he could be right.

Folding her arms under her breasts, she regarded him just as coolly. “Mason, I didn’t do this to get your attention, though it’s nice to see that you remember you have a wife and family at home.”

His glare was laser sharp. He was furious.

“If you didn’t do this to break up our family, if you didn’t do it to grab my attention, then what the hell is this all about? What anniversary or birthday did I miss this time that has you so pissed at me? What the hell did I do that you’d go this far to hurt me? Tell me.”

She stared at him closely, realizing his stoic rigidity wasn’t because he was trying to keep his temper in check but because he was hurting.

A lump formed in her throat, and Jules glanced away. She didn’t want to hurt him. She just wanted them to be like they once were, before he had taken on the coaching position with the Cajun Rage and allowed hockey to dominate his life in a way it hadn’t before. They had drifted further apart this past year, and no amount of personal assistants or aides or arguments could change the fact that he had chosen what his priority would be.

“I’m not trying to hurt you, Mason,” she murmured. She glanced down at her hands, and her eyes fell to the engagement ring and wedding band that had been around her finger for nearly ten years. “I’m just tired of having this argument with you. It’s clear you can’t be a husband and father to us and be a coach to your players.”

“What are you talking about? When haven’t I been there for you and the kids?”

“It’s the day-to-day. We almost never see you anymore, and every year it gets worse. You said this coaching position wouldn’t change how things were, but we spend more time video-chatting with you than anything. Even on the weekends, you’re not around.”

He ran a hand across the back of his neck. “Okay, maybe these past few weeks have been a challenge, but that’s because we were in the middle of a championship series. And we won. Now I’ve been promoted to head coach. I know you’ve never cared for hockey, but I hoped you would be a little excited about that.”

She scoffed. She was quite the opposite. “Mason, we hardly saw you when you were just assisting. Now you’re going to be head coach, and you expect me to be happy about that? Why?”

“Because you’re my wife and this is a big moment for me. For our family. And in case you’ve forgotten, this job is how we’re able to live in this neighborhood, in this big house, and send our kids to the best schools.”

Jules balled her hands into fists at her sides, her temper mounting. “In case you’ve forgotten, Mason, I’m not a trophy wife. I didn’t marry you for your money, or to live in a big house in a fancy neighborhood. I would be content with half of this if that meant having you around more. I’m thrilled you’re getting what you want out of your career. Just don’t expect me to smile about it when I also see what it’s doing to our family. It’s too damn depressing.”

He regarded her closely. “Have I made you that unhappy?”

Jules sighed and shut her eyes for a moment. How was she supposed to hold on to her resolve when he looked at her like that?

“Mason, I’m happy that you’re happy with your career. I agreed to move away from my family and friends so that we could have this opportunity. But Jeremy and Madison are getting older, and the way things are between us… It’s not fair to them, and I’m getting tired of making excuses for you.”

“So you’d rather break up our family? You’re not even going to give me a chance to fix it?”

She sighed. “Our kids are growing up before my eyes, Mason. Yet every time I look around, you’re nowhere in sight. They miss you, and I…”

I just want my husband back.

“Getting a divorce isn’t going to make things better,” Mason said tightly. “You know that. Unless you’re not interested in making things better. Is there something you’re not telling me?”

Jules back drew up at the suggestion in his tone. It was also in his shrewd gaze—his assumption that this had more to do with someone else than the fact that he had let his work turn him into a neglectful husband and a distracted father.

“I hope you’re not accusing me of seeing someone,” she snapped.

“Are you?” His even tone couldn’t mask the flinty anger in his gaze.

“No.” She narrowed her eyes at him. “The fact that you would even think that shows just how little you know about what’s going on in this house.”

He pushed away from the sofa and advanced toward her. It was only when he got this close that she was reminded of how tall he was. Even at five-eight, she had to stare up at his lean yet athletic six-five frame.

“Then enlighten me. Who’s the guy you were caught having dinner with?”

“Dinner?” She racked her brain at who he could possibly by talking about. She hadn’t been out with anyone in—

Oh, no.

He couldn’t possibly know about that. Could he?

“Don’t lie to me, Jules, because pretty soon all of New Orleans will be talking about the mystery man who was out to dinner with my wife.”

Jules suppressed the guilt that threatened to surface. She had done nothing wrong that night, and she wouldn’t let him make her feel like she had. Luckily, she didn’t have to defend herself or go into any further explanation.

They were interrupted by small feet running down the hall, the light slaps of their daughter’s sandals getting louder as she barreled toward them.

“Daddy!”

Mason turned away from Jules and caught their daughter as she flung herself into his arms. He tossed her up, and Jules couldn’t help smiling at her daughter’s squeals of delight.

“How’s my little princess?” Mason asked as he settled her against his shoulder.

Madison blew out a dramatic breath. “Daddy, I’m not a princess anymore.”

“You’re not?”

“Nooo. I’m a queen. Like Mommy.”

Mason glanced at her, his brows raised, and Jules shrugged, not bothering to go into an explanation of their overly imaginative four-year-old’s current phase of believing she was destined to be a queen because her mommy had won a beauty contest several years ago.

Besides, Jules was certain her daughter’s attention would be fixated on something new next week.

“Then should I call you Queen Madison?” Mason asked. “Or Queenie for short?”

Madison giggled. “I like Queenie.”

“I like it too,” Carrie Joseph said as she made her way into the room, with Jeremy following behind her. Their part-time nanny was a dream to have. Not only did she work well with their son and his autism, Jeremy also took to her.

“How was school today, Jeremy?”

Jeremy didn’t respond to Mason. Instead, his gaze remained glued to his tablet as he made his way to the sofa and sat down.

“He hasn’t been feeling very talkative today,” Carrie said.

“What’s he watching?” Jules asked her.

“A rerun of that panda cartoon he loves.”

Jules nodded, familiar with her son’s favorite cartoon. They had been managing their son’s autism since he had been diagnosed at the age of two. There was something about the kung-fu-fighting panda that helped him self-regulate his emotions during car rides. But if she let him, he would fixate on his tablet and never acknowledge them.

“Jeremy, Daddy asked you a question. How was school today?”

“Leave it,” Mason muttered.

“His speech therapist says we need to encourage him to speak more at home, even when he’s not feeling up to it.”

“If he doesn’t want to speak right now, Jules, don’t force him.”

She pressed her lips together, a bit annoyed by his attitude toward their son’s communication development. While she wanted to encourage their son to express himself more, Mason was content to let him do as he pleased. Not wanting to argue with him in front of their kids, Jules let the matter drop.

“I’m starting school too, Daddy.”

“I’ve heard,” Mason said, giving their daughter the attention she clearly wanted. “You’re a big girl now.”

“When I get big like you, can I play hockey too?”

“Why not? Maybe you can even coach too. You can have everyone calling you Coach Queen.”

Madison giggled. “Queenie Coach!”

He chuckled. “Even better.”

As much as Jules hated to end their moment of bonding, she knew their daughter would talk Mason’s ear off if he let her. And there was still so much that had been left unsaid between them.

“Carrie, would you take the kids up to their rooms for a bit?”

“Sure,” Carrie said, glancing from Jules to Mason. She reached for Madison, but their daughter instantly wrapped her tiny arms around Mason’s neck.

“But Mommy, I wanna tell Daddy about my new school.”

“You can tell me all about it later, sweetie.”

She pouted. “But Daddy…”

Mason tickled her until she squealed with laughter and loosened her hold around him. Carrie scooped her up in her arms, continuing the tickling as she called to Jeremy.

“Jeremy, can I get a hug before you go?” Mason asked.

Their son came back to stand in front of Mason. He stood still as Mason wrapped an arm around his slender shoulders and pulled him into a hug.

“Thanks, buddy.”

Jeremy pulled out of the embrace and followed Carrie and Madison out of the room. When Jules was certain they were out of earshot, she turned back to Mason. The bitter anger that had been etched across his face was now wiped away. Their children had that effect on him. With them, he had never lost his patience or temper.

No matter what she felt about him or their marriage, Mason was an incredible father—when he was around.

“I don’t want to lose my kids, Jules.”

She sighed. “You’re not losing them, Mason.”

He walked over to her and took her hand in his. “I don’t want to lose you, either.”

Jules let her gaze drop to his chest. The torment in his eyes was too distracting. None of it was easy for her, and she didn’t want to have to make this decision. But she knew the sooner she ripped off the bandage, the sooner she could tend to her wounded heart and try to find a way for it to heal.

“Mason, this is hard for me too, but—”

“It doesn’t have to be. We can make this work. Just tell me what you want me to do, and I’ll do it.”

She continued to stare at his chest, lost. She didn’t have a checklist for him to follow. What she wanted—no, needed—from him went far deeper than that. But before she could find the words, his next remark caused her heart to flip then plummet.

“You still love me, Jules. Don’t you?”

She brought her eyes up to him then, taken aback by the question. Did she still love him? She couldn’t deny it, so she didn’t. She also knew he could see the answer in her eyes, and she didn’t bother hiding it.

“I still love you, Jules. I’ll do whatever it takes to make our marriage work.”

“Anything?”

She studied him closely, wondering just how willing he was to stand by his word. During one of their lowest moments, she had made a suggestion that would help repair their marriage, but he had swiftly shut it down.

This time, however, he squeezed her hand and nodded. “Anything.”





3





Anything…

Mason shook his head at himself. “Anything” turned out to be the last thing he wanted. But if Jules believed marriage counseling would help them, then he would do it.

The only problem was getting there.

Mason glanced down at his watch for the third time. “Harlan, when is this going to start? I have somewhere to be in an hour.”

“Soon,” Harlan Axel murmured, his attention focused on his phone. “Give it about another ten, fifteen minutes. The press room is getting prepped as we speak.”

“And the reporters understand that they’re just covering my promotion, right? I don’t want my marriage brought up in this thing, or any other crap that’s being said about me or my wife.”

Harlan finally looked up from his phone, and the shrewd look in his dark eyes was somehow reassuring. “If they want to be invited back, they’ll stick to sports. They know the rules. You stick to your promotion and coaching. I’ll field the rest.”

Mason nodded, trusting Harlan to run a smooth press conference. It was one of the things their team’s publicist was exceptional at.

Suddenly his phone vibrated in his hands and Mason glanced down at the screen.

“Excuse me. I have to take this.” Mason quietly stepped out of the waiting room and found a private nook down the hall to tuck himself in. “Carrie, is everything all right?”

It was rare that their nanny called him at work. So rare that he immediately thought the worst and tensed with worry.

“Sorry to call you at work, but Jeremy had a bad day at school today.”

“What happened?”

“His teacher told me some of the older students were making fun of him about…what’s been on the news about you. I was hoping you could cheer him up before his new speech therapist gets here.”

“Sure. Put him on.” Mason leaned against the wall and waited for Carrie to pass the phone to his son. Trying not to let the anger of what Carrie just told him seep into his voice. It wasn’t enough that the vultures were invading his private life, they were now causing issues for his kids. That infuriated him.

“Dad?”

“Hey, buddy. What’s going on? Carrie tells me you had a bad day at school.”

“No.”

“Are you sure? You know you can tell me, right?”

Silence filled the line for a moment, but Mason waited patiently until his son was ready to speak.

“They called me orphan boy.”

“Who did?”

“Big kids. They laughed at me.”

“You’re not an orphan, Jeremy. Your mom and I are still here and we’re not going anywhere.”

“Divorce?”

Mason sighed and shoved his fist into his pocket. “No, son, we’re not getting a divorce. Don’t listen to what other people have to say about us, okay? We love you, we love your sister, and we love each other. Don’t you forget that.”

“Okay.”

But he didn’t sound convinced and Mason blew out another breath.

“Jeremy, nothing and no one can ever hurt you. You know why?”

“Why?”

“Because you’re a Courage and we’re strong. You know what else we are?”

“What?”

“Come on, buddy. You know this one.” When Jeremy didn’t take the bait, Mason urged him on. “Who are we, Jeremy?”

There was a short pause before Jeremy started the jingle they had learned together. “I may be small…”

Mason smiled and promptly replied, “I may be big.”

“You’re not a dragon. I’m not a pig.”

“But we’re quite fuzzy. What can we be?”

Jeremy’s voice grew louder as he gained enthusiasm for the song. “We have two colors. We’re black and white. We sleep on treetops, both day and night.”

“We are not monkeys. That, I can see. Am I a bird? Are you a bee?”

“No, silly.” Jeremy giggled.

His heart warmed at the sound. Jeremy always laughed at that part, but Mason continued on. “We eat bamboo, but we don’t share.”

“Because we’re pandas. Because we’re BEARS.”

They both growled the last word into the phone until Jeremy dissolved into laughter.

“Mason?”

He peeked his head out of the nook he’d been hiding in to find Harlan advancing toward him. Mason held up his hand and Harlan stopped then waved him over.

“We’re ready for you.”

Mason nodded and mouthed “one sec” to the publicist before slipping back into the nook.

“Feeling better, buddy?”

“Yes.”

There was a noticeable lightness in his son’s voice that wasn’t there earlier and Mason’s smile widened.

“That’s my boy. I’ll see you later tonight.”

Mason ended the call and made his way back to the waiting room. Once the press conference was underway, he and Harlan sat behind a row of microphones and fielded several questions about his promotion, Thibodeault’s retirement, and the future of the Cajun Rage. Mason spoke briefly about the team and his plans as head coach. He even managed to dodge a few queries about his players and their recent troubles in the press.

But no one was as persistent—or sneaky—as Harrison Stacey.

“Coach, did your recent promotion have anything to do with your wife filing for divorce?”

Mason clenched his jaw and leveled the bold journalist with a hard glare.

“Thanks, everyone,” Harlan smoothly broke in. “But that’s all the questions Coach Courage is going to answer for today. If we didn’t get to your question, you can thank Mr. Stacey for that.”

Mason shoved away from the table as the press began to shout questions at him. He ignored them as he headed toward the exit, Doug at his heels. Harlan hung back, allowing Mason a quick escape before he said something he would regret on camera.

“Coach, wait.”

Mason turned to find Harrison rushing toward them. He ignored him and continued down the hall.

“Come on, Courage,” Harrison said as he fell into step beside him, his blonde hair still neatly in place. “Give me something. I just need one statement. Haven’t I always been good to you and the Rajuns?”

Mason’s brow inched up, but he didn’t slow his stride. Did Harrison honestly consider his mundane stories and gossip-filled coverage of their team good reporting? The man spent more time prying into their team’s private lives with cynical commentary than actually reporting on their games. His last so-called article had managed to send one of their players to a dark, destructive place that had nearly gotten him banned from the league.

Mason had no tolerance for this particular reporter.

“No comment, Harrison. Now, if you don’t want to lose your press pass, I suggest you get lost.”

“Why don’t you want to put those rumors about you and your wife to bed? Your silence only makes it worse.”

Mason refused to dignify that bullshit with a response.

“He said no comment.”

Harrison disregarded Doug’s crisp response and forged on. “Who’s the guy in the picture? Is he the reason behind your divorce?”

“Hey, I have a headline for you,” Doug said. “‘Sports journalist gets a red-hot Rajun kick in the ass.’ Now, seriously. Get lost.”

Mason couldn’t help the smirk that tugged at the corner of his lips. His personal assistant certainly had a way with words. Maybe he should have Doug double as his enforcer.

“I wouldn’t be surprised,” Harrison continued, ignoring the jibe. “You’re married to a beauty queen. With a wife like yours, every guy in the county has been waiting out your marriage.”

Mason came to a complete stop and whipped around to Harrison, his shoulders bunched. “What did you just say?”

“Uh oh…” Doug muttered.

Harrison shrugged. “It’s no secret your wife’s a knockout. There must be guys lined up waiting to take—”

Before the journalist could finish his sentence, Mason drove his fist into Harrison’s jaw. It connected with such impact that the man lifted slightly from the ground and landed on his back.

In a distant part of his mind, Mason registered the gravity of what he had done, but he couldn’t think of the consequences right now. His attention was focused solely on the man on the ground and the fury pulsing through him.

Mason took another step toward him, but the blood on Harrison’s mouth stopped him cold. Clearly dazed, Harrison touched his lip, then stared down at the blood on his fingers. He scrambled to his feet. To Mason’s surprise, the man started to laugh.

“You just gave me an even better headline,” Harrison muttered. “‘New Rajuns coach wins Cup, then loses wife, temper, and job.’ How does that sound?”

Searing rage crackled inside him, but Mason forced himself not to take the bait again. Instead, Mason balled his hands at his sides to keep from grabbing the bastard and slugging him in the eye this time.

Without another word, Mason spun on his heels and continued to his office. He barely made it there before Harlan chased him down. His typical composure and flat expression were unusually ruffled.

“Damn it, Mason,” he snapped. “What the hell did you do?”

“If you’re referring to Harrison Stacey, that son-of-a-bitch had it coming the minute he started talking about Jules.”

Harlan ran a hand through his neatly groomed brown hair. “Everyone’s talking about her. She’s a rocket. She’s also America’s former beauty queen who filed for divorce from the hottest coach in the league right now. Get used to it.”

Mason ground his teeth together, hating to be reminded of that bit—and hating that Harlan was right. Being in the public eye wasn’t anything new for them. It had started ten years ago when the media had gotten wind that the beloved American beauty queen was now dating a Canadian jock—or “hockey’s short-tempered bad boy,” as they had put it. The media had built their relationship into some kind of fairytale, when all he had wanted at that time was to build something special with the most fascinating woman he had ever met.

Luckily, he and Jules had managed to privately build a strong, lasting relationship. He would be damned if he let the media or anyone invade their privacy and further destroy their marriage.

“Harrison is a gossip columnist, a wannabe sportswriter, who has no business in our press room. If he wants to report this to the league, let him. I’ll pay the fine and you can work on getting his press pass revoked.”

Harlan frowned. “The league is the least of our worries, and revoking his pass will be the last thing I do now, thanks to you. If we want to keep this little incident from hitting the papers—or worse, land on a police report—I now have to play nice with the guy.”

Mason muttered a curse. Once again, Harlan was right. Harrison wasn’t a player and had never been one. Throwing the occasional punch might be how some of them in the league settled disagreements, but a weasel like Harrison could make serious trouble.

As if he needed any more.

“Fuck.”

Harlan sighed. “Why don’t you take off and I’ll deal with Harrison.” He pulled out his cell phone and was nearly down the hall before he called over his shoulder, “Try not to slug anyone else on your way out.”

Mason watched him leave, then caught a glimpse of Doug hovering nearby. He blew out a weary breath.

“You should head home too, Doug.”

“All right. But can I just say how freaking epic that was! You were like”—Doug threw a swift jab in the air—“Bam, motherfucker!”

Mason cocked a brow. Though it had felt good hitting that son-of-a-bitch, the fleeting moment of satisfaction was about to cause a shit storm of problems.

“Goodbye, Doug.”

Doug glanced at him sheepishly and cleared his throat. “Right. I’m leaving. But just so you know, it’s three thirty.”

“And?”

“And you have an appointment now. I would have rescheduled it, but it’s marked private on your calendar.”

Mason glanced at his watch, then shut his eyes. Shit.

Jules was going to kill him.





4





Mason rushed into the therapist’s office and hurried pass the startled assistant at the front desk. The petite young woman jumped to her feet as he continued toward the frosted glass door with Dr. Priya Kahn’s name etched on it.

“Excuse me, sir. You can’t go in there!”

Mason ignored the short blonde and pushed open the office door. Two pairs of stunned dark eyes swung in his direction. He glanced from the older woman sitting on the edge of the sofa, a tissue wadded in her hand, to the younger woman sitting across from her, a notepad resting on her lap. Before he could say anything, the office assistant rushed in behind him.

“Sorry, Dr. Kahn. I tried to tell him you were with a client, but he wouldn’t listen.”

The therapist plastered a smile on her face and nodded. “It’s all right, Debbie. You’re Jules’ husband, correct? Mason Courage?”

He nodded stiffly. “We had an appointment with you. Where is she?”

“You did, but your wife left here about an hour ago. As you can see, I’m with another client. If you would like to reschedule your session, please see my assistant Debbie about my next availability.”

Mason glanced down at his watch. “Our appointment was for three thirty.”

“No, it was for two thirty. We waited for you until three before she left.”

He grimaced. Fuck. “Why didn’t she call me?”

Dr. Kahn shrugged. “You’ll have to ask her.”

But deep down, Mason knew why. He was the one who had pushed for a second chance, yet once again he had let her down.

How could he have screwed this up?

“Did she make another appointment?”

“That, you’ll have to check with Debbie about. Now, if you’ll please excuse us?”

This time, her tone was sharp with irritation. Her client, on the other hand, simply shook her silver-gray head as she peered at him over her large eyeglasses. The disapproval on her face only added to the heavy lead settling in his gut.

Mason backed out of the office and followed the assistant to her desk. From her hard expression and the annoyance in her blue eyes, it was clear she didn’t take kindly to his antics either.

“Can you please check to see if my wife rescheduled our session?”

“I can tell you now that she didn’t. I tried to ask, but she was pretty upset when she left here.”

Mason winced internally at the thought of Jules leaving here angry and hurt. She was good at keeping her composure and not letting strangers know when she was upset or in pain. The fact that this woman had been able to see that made him think Jules’ pain was too great for her to mask.

That thought made him feel more like shit.

“Would you like to reschedule a session with Dr. Kahn?”

“I’ll have to circle back with my wife. Can I have her card?”

The assistant handed him Dr. Kahn’s business card, and Mason skimmed it. All of her accreditations were listed under her name, and her areas of expertise were outlined on the back. Mason now understood why Jules had selected her. He slipped the card into his pocket.

As he made his way to his car, he pulled out his cell phone and dialed Jules’ number. Her voicemail instantly picked up.

“Jules, it’s me. I’m at the therapist’s office now. Somehow I got the times screwed up. I’m sorry, baby. You know I wouldn’t miss this.”

He reached his car, but instead of getting behind the wheel, he leaned against the trunk. He was at a loss for the words that would redeem him. “I’m sorry” just didn’t seem to cut it. He shut his eyes, wanting to kick himself again for this huge blunder.

“Let’s reschedule, all right? I won’t screw it up next time. We can even ride over here together.” He swallowed hard, his disappointment in himself constricting his throat until it moved down to his chest. “We’ll talk more when I get home, all right? I love you.”

Mason ended the call, his shoulders stooped.

You’ve really screwed this up.

He allowed himself that last moment of self-pity before he squared his shoulders and climbed into his car. He rushed home, secretly hoping she would return his call during his twenty-minute drive. She didn’t. Instead, his phone buzzed with messages from Doug and Harlan. He ignored them all.

When Mason pulled up to their two-story Acadian-style home, he was relieved to see her car in the driveway. In his place on the driveway was a silver sedan he didn’t recognize.

He pulled up alongside Carrie’s car and got out. He thought of what he would say to his wife as he made his way into the house. Whatever he had thought up quickly vanished when he caught sight of a dark-haired man sitting in his living room. Right beside his wife. Their backs were turned to him, but the image of the unidentified man having dinner with his wife instantly came to mind.

Juliette Courage’s Mystery Man.

That was what the local news stations, and practically everyone on social media, were calling the man in the photo. Mason clenched and unclenched his hands into fists.

“Jules, who the hell is this?”

They both snapped their heads around to face him, clearly surprised by his presence. Or was that alarm? Either way, it didn’t lessen his irritation, and he didn’t wait for her to answer him.

He turned to the man, who had risen to his feet. “Who the fuck are you?”

“Mason!” Jules shot to her feet. “Language. Jeremy’s right here.”

He pressed his lips together and came fully into the room. At the foot of the sofa, he found his son sitting on the rug, his knees curled up to his chest. To his relief, Jeremy was completely engrossed in his tablet. But that reprieve was short-lived when he realized Jules had brought some strange man near his children.

Was this one of the bastards waiting to take his place?

That thought was enough to send Mason’s blood boiling.

“What are you doing in my house?” Mason fixed his gaze on the baffled man, his eyes darting to Jules then back to him. “I asked you a question.”

“Mason, don’t be rude. This is Jeremy’s new speech therapist.”

The man started toward him, his hand extended. “My name’s Leigh Young.”

Mason gave the man a quick once-over, and Leigh let his hand drop. Leigh was a far cry from Jeremy’s former therapist. Nothing about Mrs. Reed had been this young, tall, or athletic. Where the hell did Jules find this guy?

Mason fixed his glare on his wife. “What happened to the last one you spoke to me about? Ashley something.”

Jules’ brows pulled together. “What are you talking about? This is Ashleigh.”

“My friends call me Leigh.”

“So you consider all your clients your friends,” Mason said tersely.

“Only the ones I like.”

Leigh smiled in a way that made him want to knock his teeth in. Instead, Mason went to stand by his wife.

“My wife can be very likable,” he said evenly, placing his hand on the small of her back.

Mason didn’t give a shit how possessive it made him look—or that Jules was shooting daggers in his direction with her pretty amber eyes. Whatever thoughts this guy had in his head about his wife, Mason hoped to squash them, quick.

“Mind telling me what you’re doing here in my home, with my wife and son?” His hand involuntarily tightened around her, and she shot him a quick glance.

“Sure. I was just telling Jules how much progress Jeremy has been making with the new communication app we’ve started him on.”

“That’s great. Why don’t you fill me in?”

Mason sat next to a tense Jules as Leigh explained the new alternative communication program to him. They spent the next twenty minutes going over methods to implement the new tool in Jeremy’s day-to-day routine whenever he went nonverbal. Though Mason didn’t like to push their son into something that could lead to sensory overload and a possible meltdown, he had to admit that the new communication method seemed like a simple enough process for Jeremy to adopt.

Throughout the meeting, Jules nodded and smiled and asked all the appropriate questions. She was pleasant throughout the entire debrief, but from the rigidity in her slender frame, Mason knew she was a dam waiting to burst.

When it was over, Mason walked Leigh to the door. Whatever Mason might have thought of the guy at the beginning, it was clear he was serious about his work and committed to helping their son.

“Look, I didn’t mean to bite your head off earlier,” Mason said as they reached the door. “It’s just I can never be too careful who comes around my family.”

“No, of course you can’t. You and the Cajun Rage are celebrities around here. I have a friend who’s a big fan of yours. He’s been following your career since we were in high school.”

Mason’s lips tightened. Leigh couldn’t be that much younger than him, and yet Mason felt older than his thirty-nine years. It didn’t help that he was staring forty right in the face—or the fact that with every year he aged, Jules seemed to get younger and more beautiful.

“Tell your friend I appreciate the dedication.”

Leigh nodded, and Mason shut the door after him. When he turned around, he was surprised to find Jules standing behind him.

“This doesn’t change anything, Mason.”

“What do you mean?”

“Coming here, playing the jealous husband, which was completely uncalled for. And humiliating, by the way. You clearly haven’t paid any attention to what’s been going on in this house, and today only proved my point.”

“Jules, I know I screwed up today—”

She waved her hand dismissively. “It doesn’t matter, Mason. Nothing you say can change the fact that I gave you another chance to prove you wanted to make this marriage work, but you blew it. I honestly don’t know how much more I have left in me to keep doing this with you.”

Mason frowned, irritated by her lack of understanding. It was as if she didn’t care that she would be tearing their family apart.

“Damn it, Jules. Why can’t you see that I’m fucking trying?”

“Ooh. Daddy said a bad word.”

They both turned to find a giggling Madison peeking around the corner.

“Madison, it’s not nice to listen to grownups talking,” Jules reprimanded. “Especially when they don’t know you’re there.”

Madison pouted. “Sorry, Mommy. I just wanna say hi to Daddy.”

Jules gave her a short nod, and their daughter came running toward him. He picked her up and her small arms wrapped around his neck.

“Hi, Daddy.”

Mason held her close, breathing in her sweet scent. “Hi, honey.”

These were the small moments he treasured, the moments he would miss. Seeing and holding his children whenever he wanted was what kept his heart beating. Yet, all that would change if Jules decided to move forward with this divorce.

He couldn’t let that happen.

“Carrie,” Jules called, and the nanny hurried to where they stood.

“Yes?”

“Can you please take the children into the TV room?”

Carrie nodded and held her arms out to Madison. She shook her head and, like a repeat of the other night, tightened her arms around him.

“I don’t wanna watch TV. I wanna stay and talk to Daddy.”

Mason rubbed her back. “Madison, Mommy needs to talk to me first.”

She lifted her head from the crook of his neck. “Is Mommy mad at you?”

“Madison, we need you to go with Carrie and your brother to the other room,” Jules said. “Right now.”

“Are you going to yell at Daddy?”

Jules sighed and rubbed her temple. “Daddy and I need to have our grownup talk. Why don’t you go make cookies with Carrie?”

“I’ll come help you eat them after Mommy and I are done talking,” Mason whispered in her ear. “Okay?”

“Okay!”

Madison wiggled out of his arms and ran past Carrie toward the kitchen.

“Let’s go into the bedroom and talk?” Jules said as they overheard Carrie attempting to drag Jeremy away from his tablet.

Mason followed her into their large bedroom. His gaze fell on the large four-poster bed, then he quickly glanced away. It had been a while since they had done more than just sleep on that vintage-style bed.

He shut the door behind him, and she went to stand at the foot of the bed. She stood there rigidly, her expression a blank mask. She was trying to hide her feelings behind a serene façade, but she didn’t have to.

He knew exactly how pissed she was.

“Jules, I know you don’t want to hear excuses about why I missed our session, so I won’t bother with them. All I can say is that I’m sorry I let you down. Again. It won’t happen again. I promise.”



Jules stared at her husband, trying to get a handle on the myriad of emotions moving through her.

Greater than her anger and disappointment—and even her resentment—was the terrible heartache piercing through her. She had counted on him to show up today, to assure her that he was as committed to repairing their marriage as she was. Yet with every moment that had passed, the level of her despair had only increased.

It wasn’t until it reached its peak that she had come to accept that she would never be his number one. Now he wanted her to believe things would change because he promised?

“We can reschedule for any day next week, Jules, and I’ll be there.”

She slowly shook her head. “No.”

“No?”

“No, Mason. You don’t get to do that. You don’t get to snap your fingers and decide when to be present in this marriage. It’s over. It’s been over for a while now, but you’ve been too busy to notice.”

His face blanched, but there was a fire in his deep blue eyes that was distinct. “Jules, you don’t mean that. I may have been a bit preoccupied this season, but that doesn’t mean you should throw away eight years of marriage.”

“Nine.”

“What?”

“This year, we celebrated nine years of marriage.”

The muscles in his jaw flexed and he ran a hand across the back of his neck. “Okay. Nine. But you know what I mean.”

“Oh, I think I’m starting to get a clue. What you mean is that it’s okay for you to cancel our family vacation because you need to spend more time training your players. That it’s okay for you to forget our wedding anniversary because you had a game to go to.”

Jules swallowed and blinked back her tears, remembering how alone she had felt that day. “What I’ve finally understood from you, Mason, is that it’s okay for you to miss every important aspect of our family’s lives so long as your players are scoring and winning championships.”

“That’s not true and you know it,” he snapped, a fierce scowl tugging at his dark brows. “I love you. I love our kids. Nothing could replace that or take that away. Except you. You’re the one trying to take my kids from me, and I won’t let you.”

“I’m not taking the kids anywhere. I do think it’s best if you found someplace else to stay while we work through this, but you’re welcome to come see the kids whenever you find the time.” She took a deep breath then said in a rush, “I just can’t be your wife anymore. What we once had is…gone.”

His gaze sharpened on her. “Who is he?”

“What are you talking about?”

“There’s someone else. I know it. If it’s not the guy in the photo, it’s someone else. So who’s trying to take you away from me?”

She wrapped her arms around herself, wondering how he could see so much yet still see nothing at all.

“Mason, for the last time, I’m not seeing anyone else. This is about me being in this marriage by myself, and that’s not the kind of marriage I want. You say you love me, yet I always seem to come last on your list. Between your team and the kids, I’m the one who has to settle for the crumbs of your attention, and I can’t be satisfied with that anymore.”

He was silent for a moment before he asked quietly, “Do you still love me?”

Jules clenched her teeth. Of course she did. It was because she loved him that she knew it was best they ended it now, before they did something to hurt each other. And she didn’t want to hurt him.

Yet there was another small part of her that wanted to make him as miserable as she had felt these past few months. And she hated that part of herself. She never wanted to intentionally hurt him, but she feared her anger and resentment would one day push her to do something she would hate herself for.

And he would hate her forever.

Then again, maybe it was for the best that he learned about that secret part of her. Then he would understand why getting a divorce was for the best…

“Mason, do you know how I spent our wedding anniversary last month? While you were away at one of your games, I got dressed up and took myself out to dinner. Alone. I was going to celebrate it, whether you wanted to be there with me or not.” She couldn’t bear his piercing gaze any longer, so she dropped her eyes down to her clasped hands. “I ordered the most expensive wine, tried all kinds of different dishes, and kept telling myself I was having a good time, even though I wasn’t. Not until…”

How much should she tell him? Just remembering that brief moment of irrational thinking made her feel disgusted with herself. But he needed to know.

“Until what?” His tone was gruff with suppressed ferocity.

Jules squared her shoulders and met his hard gaze. “Until a man decided to join me and turned my lonely dinner into a not-so-lonely one. It was probably one of the best nights I’d had in a long time. He paid attention to me, and it felt nice.”

Mason said nothing as he continued to stare at her, his face flushed and the muscles in his throat working.

“Did you…” He squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose.

“No, I didn’t have sex with him.” She didn’t take her eyes off him when she added quietly, “For a split second, though, I thought about it. Not because I wanted him, but because I wanted to hurt you. I wanted to get back at you for leaving me alone that day, for not being the kind of husband I wanted you to be. But I knew I could never do that, and I didn’t.”

Jules braced herself for his outrage. She was no stranger to his temper, yet she hadn’t expected this eerie silence. He kept his head hung low with his hand over his face. She couldn’t read his expression, but from the slight trembling in his hands, she figured he was trying to keep it together.

Why didn’t he say something?

He shook his head as if struggling with something internally. Then suddenly, a harsh snarl burst from him and she jumped from the wounded sound.

“Fuck, Jules! How could you—”

To her dismay, he swung around and struck the wall behind him. Hard.

“Fuck.”

She grimaced from the severe blow his fist suffered, but she maintained her composure. He took a step toward her then just as quickly doubled back, as if thinking against approaching her. She had never feared him or his anger before, but this was different.

She took a steadying breath before she spoke again. “Are you done? Because I won’t talk until you get your temper in check.”

He kept his back turned to her, his tall frame ramrod straight. “I would never hit you, Jules. You know that.”

“I thought I knew a lot of things about you, about us, but it’s all been just one big fairytale. One that I thought I was happy with, but I’m not. I’m miserable and you’re…distracted. Let’s end this now before we end up hurting each other.”

“That’s the difference between us, Jules. I could never hurt you. Ever. I wouldn’t want to.”

The pain and guilt she had thought she had managed to bury over the past few weeks resurfaced, and she nearly buckled under its weight.

“Mason, I—”

“Don’t.”

He turned to face her. The look in his now glassy eyes wrenched her heart right out of her chest.

“You’ve made yourself clear, but now it’s my turn. I’ve tried convincing you that I still want our marriage to work, but I’m done asking. So this is how things are going to go. I’m going to reschedule another session with Dr. Kahn. You want to talk, we’ll talk. Then you’re going to get on the phone today and call off your lawyer.”

Jules stared at him, stunned at how level his words were, despite his gruff tone.

“While we work our shit out, I’m going to move into the guest room. You’ll have the space to be angry and resentful toward me for however long you need. When you’re ready to have me back in here, just say the word. But I’ll be damned if I let you split our family because of some warped sense of revenge you had, or have, against me.”

In a few long strides, he came to stand directly in front of her. She sucked in a breath.

“I’m still in love with you, Jules. That hasn’t stopped for me. Has it stopped for you?”

She hesitated for the briefest of moments before she finally responded. “I’ve never lied to you, Mason. I never would.”

He regarded her carefully. “Then until you can tell me that you don’t love me anymore, we’re giving this marriage a fighting chance. For us and for the kids.” He cupped her chin and lifted her face to his. “You got me?”

Her eyes probed his. Behind his penetrating gaze and sharp command was an anxiety she had never seen in him before. He was afraid of losing her, of losing their family, and that fear gave her a small bit of hope. In spite of his recent indifference to the matters within their home, he did care about saving their marriage.

And deep in her core, so did she.





5





“Thanks for seeing us on such short notice, Dr. Kahn.”

The therapist glanced over at him before returning her gaze to Jules. “Well, your husband was very persistent. Luckily, we were able to find room to squeeze you both in today.”

Mason felt Jules’ eyes on him, but he kept his gaze on the therapist. “Persistent” was an understatement, but when he called her office, he had been adamant that they start their session today.

Yesterday had been a wakeup call for him. He still couldn’t get past what Jules had told him, but learning that she had entertained the thought of sleeping with another man made him realize just how much he had pushed her away—and how close he was to losing her.

After a few minutes of going through the therapeutic process and briefly discussing their current family composition, Dr. Kahn jumped right into the session.

“Why don’t we begin by talking about how you two first met?”

Mason was surprised by the question, and glanced over at his wife. Jules met his gaze, and it was obvious from the softness of her expression that she was remembering that night too.

“I was in Atlanta for a game,” Mason began. “Which had turned out to be a gongshow.”

“Gongshow?”

“Lot of fights, penalties,” he explained. “Basically, one thrill-fest of a game that spilled into our hotel. A couple of my teammates and I were headed to another after-party, I think. I can’t remember. What I remember was being in one of the longest elevator rides, and that’s when I saw her.”

“I was visiting from Texas that weekend for one of my pageant sisters’ wedding,” Jules added. “I was out with some of my girlfriends. I think we were on our way up to the hotel rooftop or something. And as soon as the elevator doors opened, I noticed him.”

“So it was love at first sight?”

“Yes.”

“No.”

Mason turned to her, and she arched a brow, amusement dancing in her eyes.

“You fell in love with me on sight?” she asked.

Mason shrugged. “Well, maybe it was more like lust at first sight.” He turned to Dr. Kahn. “She had on the sexiest, classiest yellow dress. My favorite color, so it was hard not to stare, which didn’t make for a very good first impression.”

“Actually, I didn’t mind the staring,” Jules said, her lips still curved into a small smile. “He had this huge bruise under his eye, but I thought he also had a cute smile.”

“It wasn’t that big.”

She snorted. “Yes, it was. But it didn’t bother me. What really set me off was the grabbing.”

Dr. Kahn’s eyes rounded into large saucers. “Grabbing?”

“It wasn’t Mason. One of his drunken teammates got a little ballsy, and handsy, and decided to grab my butt.”

“And before I could knock some sense into him for it, here comes this sexy lady in this sexy yellow dress taking a swing at me,” Mason said.

Jules winced. “It was a mistake. They were both standing behind me, and I just reacted. I hadn’t even noticed his creep of a teammate until it was too late.”

“That’s one big misunderstanding,” Dr. Kahn said. “How did you find out the truth?”

“One of my girlfriends saw him and confirmed it. I was so embarrassed.” Jules shook her head, as if she was reliving the moment. “I had on this huge ring when I hit him, and it sort of did some damage.”

“I think it cut me.” Mason couldn’t remember if it drew blood, but he did remember that it hurt like a son-of-a-bitch.

The ends of Jules’ brows turned down. “I tried apologizing like a hundred times, but you wouldn’t accept.”

“Because you had just sliced my chin open for something I didn’t even get to do.”

With another small wince, Jules reached over and lightly stroked his chin. His entire body flooded with warmth.

“I know, baby. I’m sorry.”

The touch was spontaneous, but Mason didn’t care. He missed these causal caresses, her impulsive touch. The air between them suddenly shifted, and she became aware of her brief show of affection. A hint of pink flushed across her brown cheeks, and she let her hand drop back onto her lap.

“So how did you go from a cut on the chin to Mr. and Mrs. Courage?” Dr. Kahn asked.

“He made me take him out to breakfast the next morning. Said that was the only way I could make it up to him.”

Mason remembered that moment well, trying to think up some other way to get her phone number before they went their separate ways that night. Extorting a meal out of her had worked. They met again the next morning—away from her friends and his teammates—and had gotten a chance to get to know each other. He missed those days when they had been able to sit around and just talk for hours.

Smiling, Dr. Kahn glanced over at him. “Why not dinner?”

He shrugged. “I think that had been my first request, but she said no.”

“Because I was dating someone at the time, and dinner just felt too intimate,” Jules explained. “We went back and forth until we settled on breakfast.”

“So you were already in a relationship when you met?”

“Yes, but it wasn’t serious. Not serious enough to fly out with him to my friend’s wedding.”

Mason watched as Dr. Kahn jotted something down on her notepad. Had she been taking notes this entire time, or had he only just started to notice?

If the fact that he had continued to pursue Jules while she had been in a relationship piqued her interest, Dr. Kahn didn’t let it show. That small detail certainly hadn’t stopped him. He’d known from that moment on what he wanted—and he’d gone after Jules.

“It sounds like you two had an interesting start.”

Jules turned to him again, a warm smile on her lips. “I guess we did.”

He couldn’t remember the last time she had smiled at him like that. It felt nice—honest and real. Moved by a sudden need to touch her, Mason took her hand in his and laced their fingers together. When Jules tightened her hand around his, he hadn’t realized how tense he was waiting for her response.

“Fast-forward ten years later. What is your relationship like now?”

They turned back to Dr. Kahn, the tension between them slowly returning. Jules shifted in her seat.

“It’s…different,” she began.

“How so?”

“Well, so much has happened in ten years. We’re married with two kids, one of them with special needs. Naturally, things between us would change.”

“Mason, would you agree?”

He shrugged. “Sure. No one’s perfect, right?”

Jules stiffened and pulled her hand from his. Mason instantly missed the small connection.

“How would you classify your marriage?”

“A work in progress,” Mason said.

“What sort of progress would you like to see?”

Mason gritted his teeth, irritated by Dr. Kahn’s incessant questions. “I don’t know. Doesn’t every couple have issues they need to work through?”

“True. But what is it that you want in your marriage?”

He shrugged, not sure how to answer that, because he really had no room to complain. When it came to their kids and their home, Jules took care of everyone and everything. He would love it if she showed just as much interest in his career, but then again, she had never been much of a hockey fan. Or any sport, for that matter. He had known that when they had first met.

In a time when he had been surrounded by the press and puck bunnies, it had been refreshing to be with someone who didn’t particularly care that he was a professional athlete, and just enjoyed his company. Despite the challenges of a long-distance relationship, they had made it work, and one year later, he had married the woman of his dreams.

“Honestly, everything I want, I already have.”

Dr. Kahn nodded. “Okay. If you had to choose one thing that you could improve between you, what would it be?”

Mason thought about it, his first thought being their communication. But that wasn’t true. Jules always expressed herself to him, especially when she was angry. It was probably the cause of many of their arguments. With him, she always seemed to find something to be upset about.

“Mason, what’s the first thing that comes to mind?”

“Affection.”

Dr. Kahn arched a brow and heat crept up his cheeks. He cleared his throat to cover his embarrassment and could feel Jules’ eyes on him. It was strange for him to admit something so personal to a stranger, especially when showing and giving affection had never been an issue for them.

“You mean like intimacy?”

“Yeah. We could use a little more of that, too. I would much rather be making love to my wife, but most of our time is spent arguing the minute I get home.”

Jules folded her arms under her breasts. “I don’t see how you expect us to be intimate when you’re hardly around, Mason.”

He frowned at her. “Don’t put that on me. Every time I try to touch you, you find something for us to argue about.”

“You can’t expect me to be in the mood just because you are. It doesn’t really work that way.”

“Then please enlighten me, because no matter what I do, you find an excuse to pull away.”

A tense silence fell in the room. Mason clenched his jaw, wondering how in such a short time they could go from laughing and smiling about their first meeting to snapping about their lack of intimacy.

And the unruffled therapist started right back with her damn questions.

“Jules, what’s the main source of your usual arguments?”

“Hockey,” she said without hesitation. “He puts his career before us, and it’s frustrating.”

Mason glared at her. “That’s not true, damn it, and you know it.”

“Let’s try to keep our cool,” Dr. Kahn said, staring pointedly at him. “It’s important to hear each other out so you can find out why your wife feels this way.”

“He knows why,” Jules said tightly.

“It doesn’t appear he does,” Dr. Kahn countered. “Why don’t you give an example of a time you felt he put hockey before you and your kids?”

“Well, there’s yesterday, for starters. He missed our session because he was giving a press conference. Then there’s that time a few weeks ago when he cancelled a meeting with the principal at our daughter’s new preschool. This will be her first year, and he’s too busy with work to get involved with that.”

He couldn’t argue with her on any of that, because she was right. This past year, he had prioritized his team over his family. Those extra drills, the long hours of practice, the time spent developing new plays had won them the Cup. Now he was going to lose his family.

“It sounds like the main source of the tension between you two is your husband’s work. Do you think it would help your relationship if he quit?”

Mason sat stiffly in his seat and braced himself for her response. He couldn’t see how backing him into a corner like that could ever save their marriage. But Jules had never given him such an ultimatum, and he’d always been grateful for that.

“No. I don’t want him to quit his job. I just want him to find a better balance. It’s like ever since his dad passed away, he’s—”

“Jules, don’t.”

She glanced at him, then fell silent, folding her hands on her lap. His tone was harsher than he had intended, and that drew Dr. Kahn’s interest.

“You don’t want to talk about your father?” she asked.

“I don’t want to make this session about him, because it has nothing to do with him.”

“According to your wife, he’s a small factor. When did he pass?”

“September last year.”

“And were you two close?”

Mason gritted his teeth and nodded, annoyed that she would continue on the subject of his dead father. The pain of losing him was still fresh and he didn’t need some therapist to drum up daddy issues where there were none. Dalton Courage had been a great father to him and his younger brother Ryder. It was through his father that Mason had found his love for ice hockey. Even when Ryder had decided soccer was more his sport, their father had supported them equally, never missing a game. And when they had both gone on to play professionally, their father had been their biggest cheerleader to the very end.

“Could it be that you’re throwing yourself into your work to deal with your loss?” Dr. Kahn asked. “It wouldn’t be uncommon.”

“Maybe.” Mason let her conclude what she wanted.

“Perhaps you should seek grief counseling to better deal with your loss.”

“I appreciate the concern, but I’ve dealt with it.”

In fact, he had found peace with his father’s passing a while ago. Losing him had hurt, but with his declining health, it had been expected. Throwing himself into his work had nothing to do with hiding behind his pain, and everything to do with winning the Cup for his dad. As a player, he had come close twice but never made it. This time, he had grabbed at the chance for the championship, and threw his all behind his players. Against the odds, they had won. Mason imagined his father had been beaming down at him with pride that night.

These were all things he had learned to come to terms with. He didn’t need therapy, or Dr. Kahn, to tell him what he had since accepted.

“Dr. Kahn, I only brought up his father because that’s when I noticed the shift in his priorities where our family was concerned,” Jules said. “But hockey isn’t the only problem.”

“Then what is the real issue?” Dr. Kahn asked.

She shifted in her seat, her hands clasped tightly together. “I feel alone in this marriage.”

Mason glanced away from her rigid profile, bothered at her admission. Though part of him was relieved that she didn’t want him to quit hockey, another part was disturbed by the fact that she felt lonely with him. Whether or not he understood how, that was how she felt in their marriage.

“We’re out of time for today,” Dr. Kahn said, placing her pen down. “But what I’d like you two to do before our next session is to go out on a date. Alone. It can be anywhere, but I want you to plan it together. When I see you again, I want to hear all about it.”



“Where do you think we should go?”

Mason shrugged. “You decide.”

Jules turned to him. His attention was focused on the road ahead. Their first marriage counseling session hadn’t been as uncomfortable as she had believed it would be. If anything, it had made her feel closer to him than she had in a long time. But while she was eager to begin planning their first obligatory date, he was uninterested.

“Mason, please don’t make me plan this on my own.”

“Sorry.” He reached over and gave her knee a squeeze. “How about we try that new seafood restaurant in the French Quarter?”

“La Bouff’s? I’ve heard good things about them.”

“Good. I’ll make a reservation for us.”

“Maybe we could go dancing after?”

He shot her a quick glance. “I’m not good at dancing.”

“Yes, you are. Dancing is like making love, and we have two kids, remember? Trust me, you’re good.”

The corner of his lips kicked up. “Well, if you’re talking about that kind of dancing, then yeah. I’m great at it.”

She rolled her eyes, though she couldn’t hold back her own smile. “Don’t get ahead of yourself. Even a pro needs practice.”

“When can we start practicing again?”

Her heart thudded in her chest from the low, suggestive question. From the husky desire in his tone, it was clear they were no longer talking about dancing, and her thighs quivered at the thought of being with him again. With last season’s playoffs keeping him away, and the rising tension between them because of it, there had been no room for romance or intimacy.

Yet, based on their session today, he wanted more of that between them. A revelation that surprised her. He had stopped making an effort to touch her, and didn’t appear bothered by their lack of lovemaking. She had assumed he had stopped caring about that part in their marriage. She was relieved to learn she had been wrong. Then again, would it be wise of them to jump back into bed so soon when they still had so much to work through?

Before she could approach that delicate subject, his cell phone rang. Mason answered it, and a familiar voice spoke clearly through the car speakers.

“Mason, I think that cocksucker—”

“Watch it, Doug. My wife’s in the car.”

“Oh… Sorry, Jules.”

“Don’t sweat it, Doug,” Jules said, finding her husband’s reproach amusing, since he rarely ever bothered to watch his language around her. “I’ve heard it all before. Now, you were saying…”

There was a brief hesitation before Doug spoke again. “It’s Harrison Stacey. I think he’s trying to make trouble for you, Mason.”

“Who’s that?” she asked quietly.

“I’ll tell you later.” Mason’s tone was low and guarded. He returned his attention to Doug. “What happened? Did he publish something?”

“No, but I think he may have filed a complaint with the league. I heard Steven got a call from the commissioner’s office, and now he wants us to meet with him today.”

“Today’s no good, which is why I blocked my schedule.”

“I told them that, but then they started talking about suspensions and fines if we don’t get this straightened out, so I called you.”

Mason’s grip tightened around the steering wheel as they sat at a traffic light. He turned to her, his expression strained and apologetic. She realized then he was waiting for her permission. With his free schedule, she had hoped they could have lunch together at home and maybe finish planning their date night. Apparently that would have to wait.

“Go,” she whispered. “This sounds important.”

“All right, Doug. I’ll be there in a few.” Mason ended the call and glanced toward her. “Sorry, babe. I was not expecting that. We’re nearly home, so I’ll drop you off first.”

She nodded. “What’s going on, though? Who’s Harrison Stacey?”

Mason sighed. “He’s some damn sports journalist I took a swing at yesterday after the press conference.”

Her mouth fell open as she processed his words. “What? Why?”

Mason clenched his jaw and shook his head. “It doesn’t matter. I should have known better than to let him get under my skin. That was stupid on my part.”

She studied him as they neared their home. It was true her husband had a temper, but his fighting days had come to an end after his last season as a defenseman. His reputation may have advanced with him into his coaching career, but he wasn’t the type of guy that would go around punching people or things.

Yet he had done both yesterday.

“Did he deserve it?”

Mason glanced at her, his brows lifting. “Yeah, he did. And I sure as shit don’t regret hitting him.”

“Then this will all work itself out. Don’t worry.”

“Who says I’m worried?”

“Your white knuckles.”

He looked down at his hands, and they both chuckled. He eased his hold as he began to turn the wheel. It took her a second to realize they were pulling into their driveway.

“When I get back tonight, maybe we can order in and put on that panda movie Jeremy loves.”

“The kids would love that.”

Jules started to exit the car then stopped. Turning back, she leaned over and pressed her lips against his cheek. She caught the stunned look on his face and smiled big. Pleased with herself, she started out of the car again.

To her surprise, he grabbed her hand and pulled her back to him. Looping his hand around the back of her neck, he brought his lips lightly down over hers. His lips moved over hers gently before he deepened the kiss. Something warm unfurled inside her, and she instinctively rested her hand on his arm. No matter how much they fought or how angry he made her at times, he was the only man that could make her feel this way.

With a tremulous sigh, her lips fell open, and he slowly slipped his tongue into her mouth. The taste and texture of him was familiar, but there was something new in the way he moved his tongue along hers. He took his time, as if savoring the very essence of her. The sensation left her tingling with warmth all over. She released a soft moan and returned his kiss with all the passion and fire she still held for him.

Eventually, he pulled away and cupped her cheek. She held his penetrating gaze as he stroked the pads of his thumb along her jaw.

“Thank you.”

Jules tilted her head slightly. There were several ways she could interpret that, but she decided to just let it be, and gave him another quick kiss on the lips.

“Hurry back.”





6





Mason turned the page of the book and read out the final passage.

“‘At the foot of the hill, Mowgli waved to Mother and Father Wolf. Though he never saw his wolf parents again, he did not forget the jungle he came from and the animals he first loved.’” Mason closed the dense picture book on his lap. “The end.”

Madison shifted where she lay nestled at his side. “Daddy, I don’t like this story.”

He stared down at his daughter’s large hazel eyes, her expression grave. “What part didn’t you like?”

“The last part. Why does Mowgli need to find another family in the human village? Why can’t he live with his jungle family forever and ever?”

She had a point. He wouldn’t have chosen such a bittersweet ending for a children’s story, but tried to help his daughter understand.

“Because he’s a human, sweetie. It’s okay for people to have two families.”

“But his wolf mommy and daddy will miss him. That makes me sad.”

Mason leaned down and kissed the worry from her brow. “Don’t be sad. Mowgli just wants to find a family who is just like him.”

But instead of comforting her, his words only brought tears to her eyes. “Does that mean Jeremy will find another family like him?”

“Of course not. Jeremy is special in his own way. Just like you’re special in your own way. But that is what makes our family special and perfect for each other.”

She wiped her eyes with the back of her hands and smiled. “Like the Incredibles?”

“Exactly,” he said, not certain who she was referring to, but it seemed to make her happy.

Her smile widened before she turned and began to pull the book open. “Can we read another story, Daddy?”

Mason glanced at the time and shook his head. “Sorry, sweetie. It’s already past your bedtime.”

“Please!”

She pouted, and he couldn’t resist that face. He turned the pages to one of her favorite princess stories and began to read. He was halfway through the story before he realized she had fallen fast asleep.

He placed the book on the nightstand, then carefully extracted himself from the narrow bed. She settled onto her side as he tucked the covers around her. Strands of her thick auburn curls escaped her plaits, and he brushed them behind her ear, marveling at how much she was starting to resemble Jules.

It was jolting to think that not too long ago they had brought their tiny bundle of a daughter home from the hospital. Now she was about to enter preschool. Before he knew it, there wouldn’t be any more bedtime stories.

Mason left her bedroom, leaving the soft night-light glowing. Though Jules had put Jeremy to bed, Mason still went across to his son’s room to check in on him. He’d had a meltdown earlier that had unnerved them all. Luckily, Mason had gotten home in time to help Jules and Carrie calm him down. After, Jeremy had retreated into his room and had remained under his blanket for the rest of the day.

Mason entered his room, and as he suspected, his son was under his covers, a soft glow of light shining through. He walked around a clutter of toy cars and action figures to get to the bed. Mason tugged at the canopy of sheets and found Jeremy with his tablet, his earbuds firmly in place.

“Time for bed, Jeremy,” Mason said, tugging off the earbuds.

Jeremy grabbed them and stuffed them back into his ears. “Panda babies,” he said, pointing at his tablet.

From what Mason could tell, it looked like a documentary about the black-and-white bears.

“You can finish watching it tomorrow.”

“Giant panda.” Jeremy pointed at the screen again.

“I see,” Mason said, reaching for the device. “But it’s getting late.”

Jeremy tightened his hold around it. “Finish!”

Instead of getting into a tug of war over the thing, Mason let it go. “You want to finish watching?”

Jeremy nodded enthusiastically.

“All right, if I let you finish it, you have to promise to go right to bed. No complaints. Okay?”

Jeremy returned his attention to the tablet. Undeterred, Mason cupped his chin and turned him back to face him.

“Jeremy, you’re going to finish the program and then go right to bed. Okay?”

He nodded, then quickly pulled away. Suddenly, he laughed at something on the screen.

“Bamboo!” He began flicking his fingers with excitement and repeated the word with emphasis. “Bammmbooo.”

Usually, anything panda related excited him. Mason couldn’t pinpoint when the fixation had started, but he would never forget what his son had told him when he had asked about his deep passion for the endangered animals.

“They’re shy,” Jeremy had said. “Like me.”

Mason retreated from his son’s bedroom, knowing there was a fifty-fifty chance Jeremy would follow his directive and go right to bed afterward. But it was hard for him to deny his kids the things that made them happy.

Besides, he enjoyed spoiling them. They were his everything, and when it came down to it, his family was more important than anything. He just did a poor job of showing that.

Unthinking, he made his way to his bedroom. Though he had already moved his things into the guest room, the action was instinctive. It wasn’t until he neared the door that he remembered his vow to give his wife space. Even if that meant sleeping in separate beds for a while—a decision he was beginning to regret.

He started to turn back, but caught a glimpse of her inside, through the small opening of the door. She sat on the edge of the wide bed, her face clear of makeup and her hair tied in a bun at the top of her head. With her thin nightgown hiked up and her leg bent high, she applied a generous amount of cream along her smooth brown skin. She continued to run her hands up to her toned, shapely thighs, completely oblivious of him watching.

He had seen her do this countless times, and every time it did something to him. Even now his body responded to the erotic sight of her bare, sleek legs. He had felt the same heat earlier, after their deeply passionate kiss in his car. It may have been her taste or the way she had responded to him, but something about that kiss had felt unrestrained and generous.

And he had loved every moment of it.

Suddenly, she glanced up and caught his eye. Mason cleared this throat, trying to mask his embarrassment at being caught gawking at his wife.

“The kids are all in bed now,” he said, pushing the door open further.

“Good.” She dipped her fingers into the jar again and moved on to the next leg. “They almost never go down this easy.”

Her hands moved down her other bare leg, and his gaze followed her every movement. Watching her like this set fire to his senses, and his cock twitched in his pants.

Before he could stop himself, Mason found himself walking fully into the bedroom. The fragrance from her body wash held a hint of honey, and as he neared the foot of the bed, her warm, sweet scent reached his nostrils. He breathed in deeply. Standing this close did nothing to ease his erection.

“How did your meeting with Steven go today?”

“Fine. I explained what happened and that was that.”

Steven had also taken the time to chew him out for slugging the journalist, but it wasn’t anything Mason couldn’t handle. They anticipated the league slapping him with a hefty fine over it, too. That was something Mason was prepared to pay and be done with it.

“I’m glad that’s handled. Now we can get back to that date we were planning.”

“Already on it,” he said. “I was able to get us a seven o’clock reservation for tomorrow night at La Bouff’s seafood grill.”

She reached for the skin cream, her smile wide and captivating. “Then that just leaves me to find a place for us to burn off those calories.”

The corner of his lips lifted. “I can think of some other ways we can burn calories.”

He meant for it to be teasing, but when she stilled and looked up at him, her lips slightly parted, he recognized the mounting desire in her. He didn’t tear his gaze from hers when he moved closer to the bed and sat beside her.

Mason took the jar from her hand and dipped his fingers into it. “Here. Let me.”

He rubbed the light cream between his palms before spreading them over her bent knee and down her smooth thigh. She braced her hands on the bed as he continued to slowly glide his hands along her smooth leg. He let one hand drift higher until his fingers brushed against her bare crotch.

She gasped, her fingers clutching at the sheets beneath her, but still she didn’t pull away. Holding her gaze, he inched his fingers deeper until he pressed against her swollen nub. She inhaled sharply and bit down on her lip. Mason shifted closer and began to lightly rub her clit in slow, deliberate circles.

Her hips thrust forward, as if seeking more of his touch. Giving in to her silent demand, he pressed his finger firmly against her delicate flesh and continued his tortuously slow caress. The feel of her was enough to drive him crazy. His cock strained against his pants as her slick warmth began to pool around his finger.

The subtle roll of her hips became insistent, and her soft bud continued to bloom under his finger. He applied more pressure to her taut flesh, his strokes becoming swift and demanding. She let her head fall back and released another low moan.

Leaning forward, Mason pressed a kiss against her exposed throat. She brought her hand to his head, her fingers gripping his hair and holding him to her. He sucked on her delicate skin, until a series of soft whimpers escaped her.

Suddenly, her head flew forward and her hand moved to clutch at his shoulder. Her thighs trembled then clamped around his hand, and he knew she neared her peak. But he continued with his relentless caress, not letting up until she had completed melted.

With one final stroke, she released a sharp gasp and fell apart in his arms. Mason captured her lips with his, swallowing her soft moans of pleasure until she began to slowly ease against him. Her hand curved around his neck as he continued to move his mouth over hers hungrily, his need for her becoming unbearable.

“Mommy?”

That small voice was like a dash of cold water. Mason jerked his hand from between her legs, and Jules instantly pushed away from him.

“I had another accident,” Madison said, standing nervously by the door.

Jules jerked down her nightgown and scrambled out of bed. Mason glanced down at their daughter and saw the wetness that spread down the front of her pajamas.

“It’s okay, sweetie.” Jules pulled on her robe and started toward Madison. “Let’s get you cleaned up.”

“She’s wetting the bed?”

Jules took Madison’s hand and nodded briskly. Why was he only now learning about this?

“When did this start?”

“A few weeks ago. It’s not every day.”

“I’m sorry, Daddy,” Madison whispered.

“Don’t be sorry, baby. You did nothing wrong.”

“Mason, can you grab me some fresh sheets?” Jules asked over her shoulder as she led Madison to the bathroom.

While Jules got their daughter cleaned up, he flipped the mattress and changed the sheets. He knew he had nothing to worry about. Kids wet the bed all the time. And if it had been serious enough, Jules would have told him about it.

Or had she mentioned this before?

Mason tightened his lips as he gathered the soiled sheets, accepting that he was more oblivious to what was going on in his home than he cared to admit.





7





“Your table is ready, Mr. Courage. Please follow me.”

Mason placed his hand on the small of Jules’ back and followed the host to a private section of the restaurant. He could feel the eyes following them as they walked past. The lighting was low in the restaurant, so he could only hope that the undue attention was because his wife looked stunning in her mustard-yellow dress—and not because their divorce announcement was all the local media could seem to focus on.

The host sat them at their table and slid two menus in front of them. “Your waitress will be right with you. Enjoy,” he said before hurrying away.

“This place is beautiful, isn’t it?”

Mason glanced around the upscale restaurant, admiring the rich and vibrant colors of the classic yet trendy French-Creole décor. They were certainly given the privacy he had requested when he’d made the reservation, and some of his initial tension began to fade. They hadn’t been out in public together since the divorce announcement. Thankfully, it appeared to have become old news.

He returned his gaze back to his beautiful wife and smiled at the delight on her face. There was no question she was beautiful tonight. The dress appeared new, and it hugged her lithe curves, making her smooth brown skin glow under the dim lighting. Her long, dark hair fell down her back, and her face had only a hint of makeup.

He found her beautiful whether she was glamorously made up or lounging in her pajamas. Tonight, however, she was breathtaking.

“What?”

He shook his head and grinned. “You look very beautiful tonight. I guess I can’t seem to focus on anything else.”

She playfully batted her lashes and smiled bashfully. “Stop it. You’re making me blush.”

“Good. You’re even prettier when you do.”

“All right, sweet talker. Save some of that for later.”

There was a teasing glint in her gold-brown eyes, and he couldn’t be sure if she was thinking what he was. Did “later” mean they would continue where they had left off last night? They hadn’t discussed it after—or what it meant for their temporary sleeping arrangements—but he was ready to revive that part of their marriage whenever she was.

Reaching across the table, he took her hand and laced their fingers together. “About last night—”

“Welcome to La Bouff’s. I’m Tamie. I’ll be your server tonight. Can I start you off with something to drink?”

After putting in their drink orders, their waitress returned to take their orders, and just as quickly she was gone again. An awkward silence fell between them as Jules kept her eyes averted. She busied herself, carefully placing the cloth napkin on her lap, and it suddenly dawned on him that she was nervous. It didn’t take much for him to realize why.

She didn’t want to talk about last night.

“So,” he began, reaching for his glass, “how’s the planning for the Family Fun Day coming along?”

If she didn’t want to talk about it, they wouldn’t talk about it.

“Pretty good,” she said, her shoulders visibly relaxing. “Actually, better than good. I’m really surprised at how well things are going, considering this is our first year planning something like this.”

“I’m not surprised. You’re great at this stuff.”

“Yeah, but I’m used to just sitting on a board. I’ve never put together anything this large-scale. I’m thinking of all the things that could go wrong, and it freaks me out.”

“Don’t worry. It’s going to be great.”

For all the years he had known her, community service had been a big part of her life. Before the sashes and crowns, she had been involved in fundraising and other charitable activities. Now, she sat on the board of several local nonprofit organizations. Though she had stepped away from the pageant industry, she still continued to use her platform to make a difference in people’s lives. That included arranging a day of fun for children with autism and their families.

“Besides,” he added, “it sounds like that program director you hired has a lot of experience in putting together these kinds of events.”

She arched a brow. “How do you know what kind of experience Whitney has?”

He grinned. “I listen.”

“And I’m impressed,” she teased, taking a sip of her cocktail. “Will you be able to come to it?”

“Of course,” he said, trying not to take offense. Had she honestly expected him to miss out on being with his kids? “It’s for the family, so why wouldn’t I be?”

“I just thought you might have training camp starting then,” she rushed out, appearing duly contrite.

“Training doesn’t start until mid-September, and this is happening on Labor Day weekend, right?”

She nodded. “Yes. It’s on that Saturday.”

“Then I’ll be there. I believe the Cup will be delivered to me that day, but I’ll confirm.”

Her eyes widened. “The actual championship Cup?”

“Yeah. It’s tradition for everyone on the team to spend a day with it.”

“What are we supposed to do with it?”

“Whatever we want.”

“We’ll think of something special. And I’m sure the kids will love having it around.” With a soft smile, she reached across the table and covered his hand with hers. “You must be excited. I know how much you’ve wanted this.”

Jules was his wife, and she knew how much he had wanted to win the trophy that had been just out of his grasp twice before. But he wasn’t simply excited. He was honored. He was now part of this extraordinary moment where a team of underdogs—those many had written off as too inexperienced and unruly to ever win—had shocked the country and taken home the prize. It no longer mattered that he hadn’t won it as a player. The deep satisfaction he felt was still the same.

They had made their city proud.

He could only hope he had made his father proud, too.



“I thought you said this place was a nightclub?”

“I thought it was too,” Jules said, leaning against her husband’s side. “I guess we came too early?”

She glanced around the dark club, taking another sip of her cocktail. The venue was more of a place to drink and lounge then dance, but the atmosphere was still sultry and sexy enough for her to want to stay. She would have been content to dance to the slow, mellow music playing from the speakers, if there had been space to do so. Then again, with Mason’s arm wrapped behind her and his hard body pressed against hers, she was happy right where she was.

“Do you remember our first dance?”

“At our wedding?” His short laugh was immediately followed by a loud groan. “How can I forget? Gunnar deserved that punch. He never saw that right hook coming.”

Jules winced but shared in his laughter. Not that she had been laughing on their wedding day. Her immature brother’s failed attempt to streak during their first dance had been enough to upset her for a large part of their special night. But after ten years, she could look back at it and laugh.

“I don’t think I can ever get over Ryder taking a swing at my little brother, but he was pretty angry, wasn’t he?”

“Yeah, he was. Ryder took his job as best man very seriously. But he was nowhere near as mad as your dad.”

Jules laughed. “You’re right. I think that’s what kept the Bennett men from going after your brother. They were too busy eavesdropping on the tongue lashing my dad was giving Gunnar while trying to keep Gennie from going after Ryder.”

“And they say I have a temper. I don’t think I’ve ever seen your sister so mad.”

“Well, her twin did just get slugged in front of our entire family, and she always defends Gunnar. Even when he’s wrong.”

“I can’t believe we made it through that night,” Mason said. “And it only took a few weeks after our honeymoon for Gunnar to apologize to us for it.”

Jules shook her head in exasperation at the memory. Now that her then seventeen-year-old brother was an adult, and a professional athlete with responsibilities, she could only hope he had put his pranking days behind him.

“My brother’s hardheaded sometimes. I just hope he thinks twice now before he decides to be…cheeky.”

She and Mason shared another laugh, and she loved how much easier it was becoming for them. They hadn’t been able to just enjoy each other’s company in a while, and it felt nice.

“I’m just glad he didn’t manage to completely ruin our night.”

“Me too. I don’t think I would be laughing now if we hadn’t been able to make up our first dance. And thank God for the electric slide!” Jules added. “It got everyone up dancing and laughing.”

Mason laced his fingers with hers. “That’s the beauty of second chances, yeah? We get to do it over again. To get it right the second time around.”

Jules squeezed his hand, though she had a feeling he wasn’t just talking about their wedding reception. Tonight was exactly that for them—a chance to start over and remember why she fell in love with him in the first place. The bonus was that they got to relive their old memories while making new ones.

“Do you remember that Halloween party you invited me to?”

“You mean the one you wore that sexy green genie costume to? I loved that costume,” he said wistfully.

“Yeah, that one,” she said, grinning. They had been casually dating for a few months by that point, taking turns to fly into each other’s city to see each other. She should have known then just how much she loved him, putting up with that much traveling. “I don’t think I ever slow-danced so much to party music.”

He chuckled. “It was a first for me, too. But I couldn’t keep my hands off you.”

She took another sip from her glass, remembering that night vividly. He hadn’t let go of her that entire time they had been on the dance floor. Because she had enjoyed being in his arms, she hadn’t really minded the erection that had been pushing against her the entire time. What started off casual had soon turned pretty hot and heavy after that night.

They spent the next several minutes laughing and reminiscing about their earlier dates, surprised at how much they both remembered.

“Want a refill?”

She straightened from her lazy slump at his side and peered over at him. “Are you trying to get me drunk, Mr. Courage?”

Mason winked and took the empty glass from her hand. “Maybe.”

She laughed. “Okay.”

He gave her a quick kiss on the lips before he got up and started toward the bar. Jules admired his long-legged strides and the way his muscular backside moved in his pants. He looked especially delicious tonight, and she couldn’t remember if she had told him that. She wondered how he would react if she told him she wanted to eat him up, then giggled at the thought. She knew exactly how he would react, and her body warmed at the possibility.

Last night, he had touched and caressed her in a way that made her forget everything. That was the kind of intimacy she missed between them—the slow build up, the soft kisses and gentle touches. She wanted more of it, but she also didn’t want to skip ahead and ruin things. Sex wouldn’t fix their problems, and maybe it was best they eased back into that part of their relationship. Besides, she was having fun just dating her husband again.

“What’s a beautiful woman like you doing sitting alone?”

Jules glanced up to find a tall, attractive man smiling down at her. He looked harmless enough, so she returned it with a polite one of her own.

“My husband just went to get me a drink. He’ll be back soon.”

The man took the seat Mason had just vacated and sidled close beside her. “Then I’m sure he won’t mind me keeping you company for a bit.”

She frowned and inched away from him. What the hell is his deal?

“My name’s Baron. It’s nice to meet you, Miss…”

Jules stared down at his outstretched hand, then back up at him. “It’s Mrs. Courage. And you may want to get up from my husband’s seat.”

Baron let his hand drop, but the grin on his dark brown face remained firmly in place. It was as she was talking to air.

“So, you’re the hockey coach’s beauty queen. I thought it was you.” He gave her a thorough once-over. “You’re a lot prettier in person.”

Her lips curled in disgust. “Whatever you’re trying to do here is a waste of time. Now go away.”

“Whoa. I’m just trying to be nice.”

“Stop trying and just leave.”

Baron appeared surprised, yet intrigued by her clipped words. “Pretty and cold-blooded. I like that.” He leaned forward and said close to her ear. “Why don’t you give me a chance to melt some of that ice?”

“Get the fuck away from my wife.”

They both jumped at Mason’s harsh words. But when the man didn’t move fast enough, Mason slammed their drinks down on the small table and took a step forward.

Baron jumped up and quickly backed away. “Chill, man. I’m leaving.”

Jules watched him leave, then blew out the breath she held, grateful things hadn’t escalated. Mason fell into the seat beside her, his gaze still locked in the direction the man had disappeared. From the hard set of his jaw, she could tell he was still angry.

“Mason—”

“What did he say to you?”

“It’s not important.”

His head swung around, and she studied his hard expression, noting the way his eyes moved over her. She couldn’t tell who he was more upset with—the man or her? She had a sinking feeling it was the latter.

“Jules, tell me what he said.” Suddenly, his glare magnified and he regarded her closely. “Or did you like the attention you were getting?”

She gaped at him, stunned by the accusation. Her astonishment, however, swiftly turned into outrage.

“Why the hell would you think I’d want attention from that jerk? Or from any guy, for that matter?”

“It didn’t stop you before, did it?” he snapped. “It’s because you felt you weren’t getting enough attention that we’re even in this place.”

Jules fixed him with a sharp glare of her own. Telling him about that night she had gone to dinner alone had been a mistake. She hadn’t sought out or invited the attention, but none of that mattered. It obviously still bothered him. No matter what she said, he would always hold that against her.

Jules swallowed her hurt and clasped her hands together to keep them from trembling. “You’re an asshole for taking what I told you and throwing it back in my face. And you’re an even bigger asshole for thinking I wanted that creep to brag about how hot he could make me.”

She was pleased that she had managed to keep her voice calm and even. His expression, however, went from barely concealed anger to white-hot rage.

“He said what?”

Before she could react, he jumped to his feet. Jules immediately started after him. She reached him just in time to yank him to a halt.

“Mason, stop! You’re not going to embarrass me any more by starting a damn fight.” From the heads turning in their direction, it was probably too late. “Since you and that jerk managed to ruin what should have been a great night, I’d like to go home. Now.”





8





Mason wanted to get this session over with.

The tension between him and Jules had steadily grown stronger these past few days. From Dr. Kahn’s measured looks, it was clear she could see it too.

“Why don’t we begin by discussing how your week went?”

Mason sat stiffly in his seat, not saying a word. She could obviously see that their week had been crap, so why bother answering? Seeing his wife so close to that man the other night had only made him think about what she had told him and how close she had come to ruining their marriage. Could she blame him for being pissed that she had allowed that bastard to sit so close to her?

Apparently she did, because she sat beside him just as tense and silent.

Dr. Kahn patiently waited a few more minutes before she asked, “Were you two able to go on that date, like I suggested?”

She stared at Mason directly, so he answered. “Yes.”

“And how did it go?”

“Fine.”

Jules scoffed, and Mason gritted his teeth.

“In the beginning, anyway,” he corrected. “Things started off great, then…”

Dr. Kahn looked at Jules then back to him. “What happened after?”

“Then we got into an argument.”

“What started it?”

Mason frowned, remembering the sly grin on the man’s face, the way he had leaned into her. He also remembered the clear, even words that had gutted him.

Not because I wanted him, but because I wanted to hurt you.

The sharp pain of her admission still carried enough strength to pierce through him. He had tried to shake off his anger and pain, but they still stayed with him. Brooding just beneath the surface.

As if sensing his discomfort, Dr. Kahn turned to Jules. “What was the argument about?”

“He thought I was flirting with another man,” Jules said tightly.

Dr. Kahn raised a brow. “Were you?”

“Of course not. I did nothing to encourage that man, yet he believes that I did. My husband should know me better than that.”

“I thought I did,” Mason retorted.

Jules whipped around to face him, and Mason returned her glare.

“Mason, what made you think your wife was flirting with this man?” Dr. Kahn asked.

“Because she’s done it before,” he said, not tearing his eyes from Jules’.

“You can’t stop throwing that back in my face, can you?”

“You would rather I forget what you almost did? What you said you wanted to do?”

She drew her brows together. “So is this how it’s going to be between us from now on? Me defending myself to you every time a guy makes a pass at me?”

“What the hell did you expect? You tell me you want to cheat on me and I’m supposed to be okay with that? How the hell am I supposed to trust you after that?”

Her eyes became luminous, and there was immense regret and sadness in them. He couldn’t stand seeing her upset, and turned back to Dr. Kahn, who quickly jotted down notes.

“How recent was this affair?”

“I didn’t have an affair,” Jules said strongly.

“Just because sex wasn’t part of the outcome doesn’t mean you weren’t involved in an emotional affair,” Dr. Kahn explained.

“It wasn’t anything like that. I didn’t build some kind of deep emotional connection with that man. I just...” She looked down at her clasped hands. “I should have never told him. It was stupid.”

“But you did tell him. Why?”

Mason sat forward, wanting to know why too. Not that it would change anything. She had already managed to tear his heart out and crush it in her palm. Now he just needed to understand what she had hoped to gain by it.

“I thought if I told him about that moment, he would see how hurt and angry I was to even think of doing something like that. And I hoped he would understand why I thought it was best we dissolve our marriage before it ever got that far.” She brought her fingers to her temple, and there was a slight tremor in them. “But I see now that it only made things worse, and now I’ve lost his trust.”

“Mason, how do you feel now that you know why your wife admitted this to you?”

“Still angry.” Still hurt.

“Just angry?”

He clenched his jaw, sensing the rigidity in Jules as she waited for his response. He wished Dr. Kahn would just move on or offer some damn solution already. Rehashing how he felt wasn’t doing anything to diminish his anger or pain.

“Mason, it will help if you told your wife exactly how you feel.”

“You heard her. She wanted to hurt me, and she did.”

Jules turned to him. A single tear escaped the corner of her eye and she promptly wiped it away. “I’m sorry.”

Mason swallowed the lump building in his throat, not sure how to respond to that. He was still upset, but she was his wife. The love of his life. No matter what, he had vowed he wouldn’t give up on them.

Dr. Kahn slid a box of tissues toward Jules, and she reached for one. Mason kept his gaze trained on the therapist.

“It looks like you both are hurting from this, which in some ways is a good thing, because it means you still love each other. But it also means you have to earn back each other’s trust.”

“I would never cheat on my husband,” Jules said quietly, her voice husky with suppressed tears. “That’s not me. I’m not the type of person who takes pleasure in seeing others in pain. I don’t know why I thought hurting him would make me feel better.”

“It’s natural to want to hurt the person you believed wronged you,” Dr. Kahn said. “In fact, that’s how many infidelities start. I’m glad you two sought help before it could escalate that far. Now, Mason, I understand you’re still angry and hurt, but do you want your marriage to work?”

“I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t.”

Dr. Kahn pursed her lips, and he instantly regretted his sharp retort.

“Yes, I want our marriage to get better,” he said.

“Then you’ll need to begin letting go of your anger and start being more receptive to your wife’s pain.”

He had no trouble there. He felt her pain even now, and it made it difficult for him not to reach for her.

“I want you two to turn and face each other.”

They did as instructed. When Mason glanced back at Dr. Kahn in anticipation of her next instruction, she gestured for him to turn back around with a quick roll of her finger.

He turned back to his wife and immediately noticed the moisture that glistened at the corner of her eye. Instinctively, he wiped at it with the pad of his thumb. Before he could pull back, she took his hand and held it.

“Now, for just a few minutes,” Dr. Kahn said gently, “I want you to look into each other’s eyes.”

Forgetting the therapist sitting only a few feet across them, Mason kept his gaze locked on his wife. He allowed himself to get lost in the warm depths of her gold-tinted eyes. The lingering anger that had festered in his gut began to cool. In its place bloomed a deeply intense connection. One he couldn’t name, but left him raw with emotion.

Memories of all the times they had made love, the times they had laughed or found solace in each other’s arms, the times they had held their babies for the first time. Those moments of their lives together were what surfaced as he continued to lose himself in her gaze.

“Now, I want you to think about what makes you feel most loved when you’re together.”

Dr. Kahn’s words penetrated his haze of emotions. He blinked, still gathering himself as he considered his response.

“Jules?”

“I love it when you spend time with me,” Jules said quietly. “And I mean real time, like we used to. Without distractions.”

“Mason? What is something Jules does that make you feel loved?”

“When she looks at me like this. With love and affection. No judgment or resentment.”

Jules squeezed his hand. “I do love you, Mason.”

“All right,” Dr. Kahn said. “I want you both to remember this, because for the next few weeks, I want you to get in the habit of connecting with each other. Physically connecting, and I don’t just mean sex. It can be as simple as staring into each other’s eyes, holding hands, or hugging.”

Mason smiled at his wife. “I think we can manage that, yeah?”

Jules nodded, her expression softening.

“Good. Try to set aside at least ten minutes a day to do it. Preferably in the mornings. This can help set the tone for the rest of your day.”

They both nodded.

“Also, it’s easy to get caught up in each other’s mistakes and transgressions, so be sure to acknowledge whenever one of you does something that makes you happy.”

“Easy enough.”

“And lastly—”

“Should we take notes?” Mason asked.

Jules chuckled and Dr. Kahn threw him a sidelong scowl for the interruption. It was worth it to hear his wife laugh.

“Lastly, I want you two to set up regular date nights with each other. At least once a month. And when you pick the date, treat it like your sacred time.”



“Come on, baby. Back to bed.”

Jules helped Madison back into bed and under the covers. She noticed Mason had again flipped the mattress and changed the sheets for her. She hadn’t expected him to still be up when their daughter had come in search for her, but was grateful for the assistance in handling another bedwetting incident.

Once Madison was comfortably settled, she instantly fell asleep. Jules left the bedroom and quietly made her way to the laundry room. She was surprised to find Mason there, fiddling with the control panel. This was probably the first time she had seen him attempting to use the washing machine in the three years they had lived here.

“Why do they make these so complicated?” he muttered as he examined the many dials and buttons closely.

Jules bit back a smile and pulled him away from the machine. “Shoo. Before you break something.” She threw Madison’s soiled pajamas in with her wet sheets.

“When did we get a new washer, anyway?”

“We got it last month when the other one gave out on us.” She shut the lid, selected the express cycle, and in seconds had the washing machine running.

“Why didn’t I know that?”

“You had a lot going on last month with the playoffs. I didn’t want you to feel like I was complaining about every little thing.”

“I wouldn’t have felt that way, Jules.”

She shrugged. By that time, they had been arguing so much it had felt like just one more thing they could have found a reason to bicker about.

“How’s Madison?”

“Dry and back in bed.” She paused, remembering Dr. Kahn’s counsel that morning. “Thanks for changing her bedsheets. And attempting to do the laundry.”

He nodded, then rubbed the back of his neck. “You don’t think there’s anything wrong with her, do you?”

“No. She’s had a checkup and everything’s fine. It could just be hereditary. Gennie wet the bed at that age, and she grew out of it.”

Worry still creased his brow, and his concern over something so ordinary in kids Madison’s age made her want to hug him. Dr. Kahn’s suggestions about connecting suddenly echoed in her head, and Jules realized that if she wanted to hug her husband then she should.

She looped her arms around his waist and held him close. “She’s fine, Mason,” Jules muttered, enjoying the way his hard chest pressed against her. “There’s nothing to worry about.”

He wrapped his arms around her, and they stayed like that for some time. She pressed her ear against his bare chest and could make out the slow thud of his heartbeat. That soft, steady sound reminded her of just how close she had come to breaking it.

“I’m sorry I hurt you,” she murmured.

He stilled, then tightened his arms around her. “I’m sorry I hurt you, too.”

They held each other for a few minutes longer, and the heat from his strong body made her tingle all over. A familiar bulge began to press against her belly, and her breasts grew heavy in response. It was soon followed by a dull ache between her legs.

She pulled back and peered up at him. His deep blue eyes were filled with blatant need, and she realized then that she wanted more than just a hug. She wanted her husband to touch her, to fill her with his hard length.

And it was clear he wanted that too.

Without a word, he pulled away from her and went to shut the laundry room door. She tugged off her robe, and he made it back to her side just in time to catch it before it fell to the floor. He spread the soft material over the washing machine, then grabbed her around the waist and set her on top of it.

Flustered by his swift movements, Jules flattened her palms against his hard chest. His muscles flexed beneath her fingers as he fitted himself between her legs, right where she wanted him. But instead of pulling off her nightgown, as she expected, he wrapped his hand behind her neck and brought his lips down to hers.

The taste of him brought on a burning desire that seared her to her core. Jules clutched his shoulders, her fingernails digging into him as she returned his kiss with the same fervent need.

He tore his lips from hers and trailed his warm, damp lips along her neck. Her pulse raced from the slow, light caress.

“You smell good,” he murmured, continuing to nuzzle her throat and gently suck on her sensitive skin.

She smoothed her palms over his firm chest and down to his lean sides. She stopped when she reached the waistband of his sweatpants then tugged them down. His hard, long shaft bobbed out of his pants and jutted eagerly toward her.

Jules gave his erection a slow, firm stroke, and he released a rough growl. Without warning, he gripped the hem of her thin nightgown and yanked it over her head. Her bare skin tingled in the cool air. Dipping his head low, he drew a taut nipple into his mouth, sucking strongly at her before moving to the next. The coarse texture of his damp tongue over her tender flesh sent a tremor of need drumming through her.

Gripping her hips, Mason jerked her forward until she was propped on the edge of the whirring machine. He clasped her leg and lifted it high before slowly guiding his thick shaft into her. Together they watched as he slid inside her, inch by exquisite inch.

She gasped from the incredible sensation of being filled. He paused and rested his forehead against hers.

“Good?”

She responded with a small jerk of her head, and he captured her lips for another deep kiss before thrusting deeply. Stifling another sharp gasp, she clamped her eyes shut against the intense pleasure. With her arms wrapped securely around his neck, she held on to him as he pumped fiercely into her. A soft cry escaped her, and she threaded her fingers through the short silky strands of his hair.

Suddenly, his movements became slow and measured, as if he wanted to prolong the inevitable. Mason held himself still, pressing his lips against her throat and just above her collarbone before thrusting strongly into her again. She let out a throaty whimper, her need for him beyond desperate.

She cupped his face and brought his lips down to hers, swallowing his low grunts of pleasure. They devoured each other greedily as he continued to drive into her with hard, quick strokes. Spiraling closer to fulfillment, Jules locked her legs around his hips and held him close.

Without warning, the washing machine shifted to the spin cycle, and the bottom of her thighs quivered from the rapid pulsations. With one last deep thrust, she was thrown over the edge.

Wave after wave of pleasure rippled through her, and she tightened her arms around him. Mason soon followed with a lengthy groan, his fingers digging into her hips as he held her firmly to him.

As they floated down from the strength of their release, Jules leisurely ran her fingers along his back and shoulders, their sweat keeping them glued together. The machine shifted to the final rinse cycle, and the gush of running water drowned out their deep, heavy breathing.

Mason drew back, his hands moving gently up and down her waist as he studied her from hooded lids.

“What are you thinking?” he asked quietly.

Jules smiled languidly and kissed the underside of his jaw. “That we need to do more connecting.”





9





“Madison, I saw that. Put them back, please.”

Her daughter ignored her as she proceeded to tiptoe out of the kitchen, a handful of marshmallows clutched in her small palms.

“Madison…”

She continued to sneak off, and Jules blew out a breath in exasperation.

“Queenie.” That got her attention. Her daughter froze, then turned to face her. “You heard what I said, missy.”

Madison looked at her with wide, innocent eyes. “But Mommy, I only took a little for me and Jeremy.”

“I told you it was almost time for dinner. Now give them to me.”

“Please? Just a little?”

“No.”

Ignoring her daughter’s deep pout, Jules held out her hand. Madison hesitated for a millisecond before she dropped the now crushed soft candies into her hands.

“Can we have some later?”

“No.” Jules went to the trash bin and dropped the sticky marshmallows into it.

“But why?”

“Because you tried to sneak some behind my back when I told you no the first time. You need to listen when I talk to you.”

“But you gave Jeremy some and I didn’t get any.”

“Those were his special treats, and he earned them.”

“But I’m special too. Daddy said so.”

Jules sighed. She hated when her daughter used that argument. “Yes, you are but in different ways. You’re a big girl now, and you have to do as you’re told. Understand?”

Madison nodded slowly, though Jules wasn’t convinced by her easy submission.

“Now go find your brother and wash up for dinner. Make sure you both sing the wash-up song to the end before you rinse.”

“Okay!”

Madison skipped out of the kitchen. Jules returned to the meal she was preparing when her daughter’s excited exclamation reached her.

“Daddy!”

Something in her belly fluttered with instant awareness. Since last night, their lovemaking was all she could think about. She didn’t realize how much she had missed him until she was in his arms.

It took a few minutes for Madison’s excited chatter to fade before Mason made his way into the kitchen.

“It smells good in here.”

“Thanks,” Jules said, taking the baked chicken out of the oven. “It’s baked chicken and dirty rice. Just a few more minutes with the rice and dinner should be ready.”

He came to stand behind her as she stirred the rice one last time before replacing the lid. His arms snaked around her waist, and he placed a lingering kiss against her neck, nuzzling her there.

“You smell better.”

She tried to turn and face him, but he tightened his arms around her.

“Mason?”

“We’re not done yet.”

“Done?”

“Connecting,” he murmured, a hint of amusement in his voice.

She smiled and leaned against him, her hand resting on his arm, and they stayed like that for a moment longer.

“You know, this is my second favorite part of going to counseling.”

“Yeah?” Mason murmured. “What’s the first?”

“Getting to say I told you so.” A burst of laughter escaped him, and she smiled. “Admit it. We should have started it much sooner.”

“I won’t argue with that.” He gave her another quick kiss then released her.

She leaned against the counter and watched as he got himself a drink. “How’d the interview go?”

“Steven wants to look at more candidates,” he said, twisting the cap off the beer bottle. “But we should have a new assistant coach brought in before the end of the summer.”

She hoped so. Things were just starting to get better between them. She would hate for things to revert to the way they were once the preseason training started again.

“Have you heard from Guy lately? I sent flowers to him at the hospital, but haven’t heard from him.”

“Don’t take it personally. He’s recovering, but with the heart attack and forced retirement, I think he’s still trying to process it all.”

“Yes, of course.”

Mason took a drink from his beer, his gaze unusually probing. “What do you say we get away for a bit?”

“Like a vacation? When?”

He shrugged. “Maybe next weekend? We can find someplace remote or maybe take a cruise.”

Jules liked the sound of that. They hadn’t taken a family vacation in a while, and it would be nice to take a trip with her family.

“We would have to find a place that’s family friendly and—”

“I was thinking we leave the kids here and take off. Just the two of us.”

She blinked in surprise. “Are you sure we’ll be able to just go away without the kids? I don’t know if I feel comfortable leaving Carrie alone to care for Jeremy for that long.”

“It’s just a few days, and she’s great with Jeremy.”

That was true. Carrie was great with their kids and also trained to work with special needs children. A slow excitement began to build in Jules at the prospect that they could actually plan a weekend getaway.

“I would have to check with Carrie on her availability. I know she has a couple of summer trips planned.”

“Don’t worry about that. I’ll talk to Carrie and see what her schedule is before I book anything.”

“Okay.” Her curiosity, however, overshadowed her excitement, and she couldn’t stop herself from asking, “What made you want to do this?”

He set his bottle down on the counter and gently pulled her into his arms again. “I want to make up for not being here with you during our anniversary. I should have handled that better. I’m sorry.”

She brushed her lips lightly across his and said playfully, “You don’t know how excited you just made me right now.”

His eyes gleamed with mischief and dark promise. He placed a finger under her chin and said, a hairsbreadth away from her lips, “How about you show me?”



“Mason, I know this is not what you wanted to hear,” Steven said, “but there’s nothing I can do about it.”

Mason kept his grip tight around the back of the chair, stunned by the sudden turn of events regarding the incident with Harrison Stacey.

“I thought this was all resolved. Why can’t I just pay the damn fine and be done with this?”

Steven shifted uncomfortably in his seat. “The commissioner is asking you to do both. Pay a fine and attend anger management.”

Mason stared at him incredulously, then cursed. “This is ridiculous. I’m not the only coach in the league to lose his cool, and I’m sure I won’t be the last.”

“Losing your cool on the ice may fly on occasion, but taking swings at reporters just won’t cut it.”

Mason narrowed his eyes at the general manager. “Why does it sound like I don’t have a choice in this?”

“You do. I just don’t think you’d like the alternative.” Steven sighed. “Mason, you have to remember that we’re still a young team. That just won the Cup. The country may be rooting for us, but there are still some who are waiting for us to fall on our face. With you and some of the other guys running around half-cocked, it’s only a matter of time before that day comes.”

“I don’t see how forcing me into anger management will make a difference,” Mason snapped.

“It probably won’t, but it’ll show the league that as head coach, you’re willing to lead by example, that you would do what it takes to be here for your players.”

There was no question about that. Hockey had been a part of his life for over twenty years, and his players were like family. He wouldn’t turn his back on them ever—not when he had an opportunity to lead them through another championship season.

But he also had Jules and his marriage to focus on. Where the hell was he going to find the time to continue marriage counseling and start anger management? If it came down to one or the other, he already knew his choice.

“If anger management is what I need to do to keep my job, then fine. But my wife and I are in counseling now, and I won’t stop those for this.”

“No, you wouldn’t need to. These aren’t supervised sessions or anything. You would just need to enter a program and get a letter stating you are in therapy.”

“Well, the league will have to just wait until after I’ve finished counseling and made things better at home.”

Steven sat back in his seat, his eyes taking a faraway look as he contemplated the situation. “Maybe we won’t have to.”

“What do you mean?”

“I’m assuming you’re seeing a trained professional?”

Mason nodded curtly. He hated discussing his private life with anyone, Steven included. Mason had nothing against the man, but it was hard enough opening up to Dr. Kahn—he didn’t like divulging his marriage problems to someone who had no interest in helping them get better.

“Then simply get a letter from your therapist stating you’re seeking treatment for your…issues.”

“And that’s acceptable?”

“For the league, it will have to be. I’ll even mention something about doctor-client confidentially. Just get me the letter and I’ll handle the rest.”

Mason regarded him closely then shrugged. “All right.”

He was barely out of Steven’s office before he placed a call to Dr. Kahn’s office. Apparently, his request wasn’t uncommon. After speaking with Debbie, he was assured the verification letter would be sent to him as soon as possible.

Mason ended the call, and as he neared his office, an event reminder on his phone drew his attention. He didn’t recognize it, but one of his players’ names was included in the description. It was also happening on Saturday—the same day he and Jules had planned their getaway.

When Mason reached his office, he immediately called his assistant.

“If you’re calling for the training videos,” Doug said in a rush, “I’m having them sent to your office now.”

“No, I’m calling about this thing that just popped up on my calendar. What’s it for?”

“What date?”

“Saturday. It has Donnelly’s name and something about a Crooked Angel in the description.”

“Oh, right. That’s Donnelly’s fundraiser in Remington. That’s in North Carolina.”

“I figured as much. Why is it on my schedule?”

“Didn’t you read the email he sent out about it?” Doug asked. “Apparently, this fundraiser is to honor Donnelly’s firefighter friend who was killed on the job. He reached out to you and the other guys on the team for support. He’s hoping if the team shows up, they can end up with a huge turnout, which will bring in lots more money.”

Mason blew out a heavy breath. Any other time, he wouldn’t mind making the trip in support of one of his players, especially for a cause this important. But he had just gotten confirmation from Carrie that she would be able to stay the weekend with their kids, and he had looked forward to spending quiet time away with his wife.

“When I checked your schedule, it was clear,” Doug added. “I thought you and Jules would be cool with going, since it’s, like, your thing.”

“The fundraiser is not a problem. It’s just that we were planning a trip of our own this weekend.”

“Do you want me to call and cancel your reservation?”

Mason hesitated, running his hand through his hair. Donnelly was one of his best players, and a genuinely decent guy. For a cause this important, Mason didn’t feel right not following through.

“No, Doug, I’ll make it work.”

Mason hung up and sat back in his seat, wondering what he was going to tell Jules about their new plans when she had her heart set on a cruise. Things had been going great between them these past few days. He didn’t want to ruin it by disappointing her.

By the time he made it home, he still hadn’t found the right words.

He found her sitting in the living room, scrolling through her laptop.

“What are you doing?” he asked, falling into the seat beside her.

She turned to him, amusement in her eyes. “I should be going over this program list Whitney sent me, but instead I’m looking up possible cruises we can take this weekend.” She turned back to the computer and muttered, “I’ll need to find a bathing suit, too.”

“Look, Jules. About that…”

She whipped her eyes up to his, her gaze probing. “I don’t like the sound of that.”

“Don’t worry—there’s good news, too.”

“Okay, give me the good news first.”

“Carrie can watch the kids for us this weekend, so our trip is a go.”

She visibly relaxed. “Good. Then what’s the bad news?”

“It won’t be a cruise.”

“Why not? I thought we agreed on a cruise.”

“I know, but I have to be in North Carolina this weekend for a fundraiser. One of the players invited us to it. It’s for his friend who was killed on the job. He was a firefighter.”

Her hand flew to her throat. “Oh, wow.” Then she wrinkled her nose and shoved his arm. “Why didn’t you just lead with that?”

“So you’re cool with the change?”

“Yes, of course. This is for one of your players, and it’s for a good cause. I’m sure we can find a really nice hotel to stay in that weekend.”

Mason smiled with relief. She wasn’t disappointed. He had greatly underestimated her graciousness and the fact that she felt exactly as he did about this trip—cruise or no cruise, he just wanted to spend a weekend alone with his wife.

Edging closer to her on the sofa, he leaned in as if being pulled by magnetic forces. “Have I told you how much I love you?”

She shook her head, but the smile on her face was teasing. “Not lately. No.”

“Well, I do. You are the most generous, most understanding, woman I know.”

Her eyes danced with mischief, and a simmering desire began to build in him. He let his gaze drop to the delicious curve of her mouth before he fitted his lips against hers.

They managed only a fleeting touch before a loud crash came from the kitchen.

Jules pulled away with a groan. “Sounds like your children are climbing the counters again.”

“Again?”

She nodded, then rose to her feet. “Looking for treats, no doubt. I swear they’re going to be the death of me.”

“Just a few more days, and it’s just you and me.”

“And room service,” she said over her shoulder.





10





The moment they stepped into their hotel room, Jules kicked off her shoes. She began stripping out of her travel clothes, but paused long enough to admire the large suite. It wasn’t anything like the one in Paris, where they had spent their actual honeymoon. But for a small-town hotel like the Plaza, it was certainly charming and comfortable.

And came with a very wide bed.

The air conditioning hummed, gushing out a blast of cold air that left the spacious room almost frigid. She loved it. The trip from the airport coupled with the summer heat had left her itching to strip down to her underwear. In the privacy of their semi-dark hotel room, she did exactly that.

Wiggling out of her jeans, Jules climbed onto the King size bed and fell back on the cool sheets. Mason rolled their luggage into the room and parked it beside the window. He drew back the heavy curtains, letting in the late afternoon sun then came to where she lay sprawled on the bed. She smiled up at him as his heated gazed raked over her body.

“Should we call Carrie and check in?” he asked, absently smoothing his palm down her bare thigh.

“I already did. When you were checking us in.”

He smiled wryly. “Of course you did. Everything good?”

“Yup.” Jules rose to her knees on the bed, then looped her arms around his neck. “Everything’s all good. Now we get to relax and make the most of this bed.”

He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her close. The coolness of his clothes pressed against her bare skin made her intensely aware of just how cold the room was. She burrowed deeper into his arms, seeking out his warmth.

“Keep moving like that and we might never leave this room.”

He pressed light kisses down her neck. Her eyes drifted shut and she trembled from the delicate sensation of his lips against her sensitive skin.

“You know, Gennie’s in town for an interview with a new team,” Jules murmured. “Do you think we can meet up with her after the fundraiser?”

“Yeah, sure.” He passed his tongue over the sensitive area at the base of her neck, and she bit her lip to keep a moan from escaping her. “It’s been almost a year since I’ve seen Gennie.”

“It has…” Another tremor coursed through her and she dug her fingernails into his biceps. “It’s starting to look like our schedule tomorrow is going to be crowded.”

Mason let his hand drift lower until he reached the waistband of her panties. “Then I guess we should make the most of tonight.”

When he began to tug down the thin material, Jules grabbed his wrists. “I need a shower first.”

He groaned. “Why? You’re just going to need another one later.”

“We just had a five hour layover flight. I think we could both use a shower.”

He blew out a heavy breath, and she laughed. When he pulled away from her, she grabbed the ends of his shirt and pulled him back.

“Mason, what time does the fundraiser start?”

“Tomorrow night.”

“Okay, so tonight is all ours, right?”

“Yeah.”

“Then stop pouting.”

“I’m not pouting.”

Jules chuckled and shook her head. “You’re worse than your daughter.” Suddenly, she reached down and began unbuckling his belt.

He lifted his brows, his gaze moving down to her busy hands. “I thought you wanted to take a shower?”

She smirked and gave his belt a hard tug. “Why do you think I’m trying to get your pants off?”



“It’s really annoying how gorgeous you two are together.”

“Shut up, Gennie, and come give me a hug.”

Mason watched as Jules pulled her younger sister into a tight hug. The two women laughed and held each other close. He didn’t have any sisters, but if he had his choice of one, he would choose Genevieve Bennett every time.

She pulled out of Jules’ arms and set her copper-brown eyes on him. “Okay. Your turn.”

Mason returned her tight hug.

“I thought you guys were at a charity event tonight. Why do you guys smell like you just came from a bar?”

“Because we did,” Jules said. “The fundraiser was for a fallen firefighter, and they held it at this bar called the Crooked Angel.”

“Ahh, okay. That explains it. I half expected you guys to be in something other than jeans.”

“Nope. It was a very casual affair. Beer, popcorn, selfies.”

“Hmm, sounds like my kind of party.”

“Why don’t we find ourselves a booth?” Mason suggested. If he let them, the two sisters would stand in front of the diner all night and continue their conversation.

The all-night diner near their hotel was quiet and practically empty—the complete opposite of how they had left the Crooked Angel. They quickly found a booth in the back to settle themselves. Across the table, Gennie continued to stare at them, a silly grin on her pretty face.

“What?”

“You guys are really too damn good-looking.”

Mason glanced over at his wife. Even with her hair pulled back and her face free of makeup, she looked exceptional tonight. He wanted to kiss her, but the kind he wanted to give her probably wouldn’t be appropriate in front of her little sister. He settled with placing his arm behind her on the booth.

“You’re looking great too,” Jules said. “How’d your interview go?”

Gennie shrugged. “Fine, I guess. I won’t hear back until next week, but I think I’ll still keep my options open.”

“Why the sudden move?” Jules asked. “I thought you loved the team you were working with.”

“I do, but my contract was up. And believe it or not, sports trainers aren’t really in high demand,” Gennie said with a quick grin. “But I’ve already decided that North Carolina is not really for me.”

Despite Gennie’s nonchalance, it was clear from her strained smile that she wanted to change the subject. The athlete in him could understand why. His sister-in-law had once had a promising future playing women’s basketball—until a knee injury during college cut that short. Now a career in sports training was the closest she came to staying in the game.

“So are you seeing anyone?” Mason asked, hoping to take her mind out of talks of work and job interviews.

Gennie wrinkled her nose. “Nope. Not only do I not have the time, but I’m constantly surrounded by jocks, and you know I don’t date athletes.” She glanced at him. “No offense.”

He inclined his head. “None taken. Though Jules said the same thing ten years ago, and now look at us.”

“Yeah, and look at everything she’s had to put up with.”

“Gennie,” Jules burst out.

Her sister winced, then reached for his hand. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say that.”

“It’s fine,” Mason said stiffly.

“No, it’s not. I’m always putting my foot in my mouth. I’m so glad you and Jules have worked things out.” She patted his hand. “You know you will always be my favorite brother-in-law.”

“I’m your only brother-in-law.”

“Exactly. Let’s keep it that way.” Suddenly Gennie winced and reached under the table. She glared at Jules. “What now?”

Mason pretended not to notice the exchange between the two sisters.

“How’s Gunnar doing?” he asked.

“He’s great. He just transferred over to a team in Tampa. He’s really excited about it.” Gennie’s excitement for her twin brother’s accomplishments was evident in her wide smile. “Jules, I know you’re not into sports, but you should see him play.”

“Of course I watch his games,” Jules said, exasperated. “What kind of sister would I be if I didn’t? I may not be able to make it to his games, but I DVR each one.”

Mason glanced at his wife. He wasn’t surprised by her unwavering support of her little brother. Jules always put family first. He only wished she had shown that kind of interest when he’d been a player. He knew he had her support in his career ambitions, but he’d wished that she’d been a fan of the sport—and a fan of his.

“He’ll be glad to know that,” Gennie said. “I think he second-guesses himself a lot sometimes.”

“Really?” Jules looked incredulous. “But he’s so good.”

“I know! Especially for someone who got into it late. I’m constantly reminding him that he’s one of the few black men playing professional hockey, and he’s killing it.”

“Mason’s watched him play and thought so too. Right, babe?”

Mason nodded, though he didn’t tell the sisters that their brother could use more work on his skating technique.

“You should give him a call, Mason,” Gennie suggested. “You know he only got into hockey because of you. I think he looks up to you, though he probably would never admit it. I do know he would love to hear from you.”

“You should call him,” Jules said. “Doesn’t every player get into these funks? It sounds like he could really use the support right now.”

Mason stared at her. So could I.

But he simply smiled and nodded. “Sure, I’ll do that.”

Gennie beamed. “Awesome. Now tell me, how are my little troublemakers doing?”



“So how are you and Mason doing?” Gennie asked. “Really?”

Jules turned to her sister, the worry in her warm brown eyes plain for her to see. They stood at the entrance of the diner, waiting for Mason to pull their rental car around.

“We’re good,” Jules said, looping her arm around her sister’s. “Better than expected, actually.”

“I’m glad. The last time we talked, you were dead set on filing those papers and I swear I almost lost my faith in true love that night.”

Jules chuckled softly. “Love is alive and well, Gennie. Don’t worry about that. Or us. We’re working things out.”

“Therapy?”

“Yeah. We just started going and so far so good. I almost wish we had started months ago.”

“You know Mason isn’t the type to talk about his feelings. He’s sort of the private type, and so are you for that matter.”

“Yeah, well, unfortunately the media seem to love digging for things that’s aren’t there and making them very public.”

Gennie made a sympathetic sound and squeezed her arm. “That news report about that affair must have been brutal for you two.”

“You heard about that?”

“It’s on the internet, Jules. Everyone thirty-five and under knows about it.”

Jules groaned, remembering the things that had been said about her. “Things really got blown out of proportion.”

Gennie studied her curiously. “Did it?”

“What do you mean by that?”

“That guy you were photographed with. Who was he and why didn’t you tell me about him?”

“There was nothing to tell, believe me.” Jules narrowed her eyes at her sister. “I wasn’t having an affair with him if that’s what you think.”

“I know that. But when you told me you were going to file, you never mentioned another guy in the picture.”

Jules chewed on her lower lip, debating how much to tell her sister. Nothing had come from that one encounter so there was no need to worry her sister of someone coming between her and Mason. It had only just occurred to her how affected their extended family would be by a possible divorce. Both Gennie and Gunnar were as much her siblings as they were Mason’s. And the same went for Ryder. There were all a vital part of each other’s lives and an end to their marriage could disrupt that.

And the worry from that possibility was written all on Gennie’s pretty face.

“That guy was no one,” Jules reassured her sister. “Just someone who sat with me while I had my anniversary dinner alone. Nothing happened between us. I love Mason too much to ever cheat on him.”

Gennie squeezed her arm again. “I know. Just remember that when you get the idea of divorce in your head again. The dating scene is brutal right now. Trust me.”

“I believe you.”

“Good, because we both know, my darling big sis, that I have more experience than you. So don’t go trading your dented sports car for some souped up luxury sedan. The ride isn’t always smoother.”

Jules laughed and shook her head at her arrogant little sister. It was true, she hadn’t dated much before she met Mason, but her sister’s self-imposed singlehood didn’t trump nine years of marriage. Jules liked to think she knew Mason better than anyone and with their ten years together, she was familiar with all his qualities and his faults. With him, she knew what she had.

He may not be perfect, but he’s all mine.

Just then, Mason pulled up in front of the diner with their rental car. He stuck his arm out of the window and waved them over. A small smile stretched across her lips and Jules tugged her sister forward.

“Come on. My sports car’s here.”



It took Mason a moment to register the ringing phone in the distant part of his mind. The sharp jab to his side was more immediate.

“Mason… Get the phone.”

Jules continued to shove him until he rolled over and grabbed the hotel phone from the receiver.

“What?”

His sleep-laden voice and short temper made his voice especially gruff.

An automated message began to play in his ear, and he remembered the wakeup call he had requested the morning before.

Mason hung up and turned back to Jules, who had buried herself under the covers.

“It’s time to get up, babe.”

A muffled groan came from under the covers. “Do we have to?”

He shook his head in amusement, realizing where his son had gotten his early morning tantrums. As much as he wanted to be under those covers with her, today was checkout day, and they needed to get up now or risk missing their flight.

“We have a flight to catch today, Jules. There’s not another one until later this evening, so we can’t miss this one.”

She groaned again, and this time Mason laughed. He tugged the cover away and pulled her to him. Her slender back pressed against his chest, and he placed a kiss on the back of her warm neck.

“We might be able to spare a few minutes to…connect.”

“Hmm, that would be nice.”

He curved his arm around her waist and pulled her back firmly against him. “Only a few minutes.”

“Okay,” she murmured, rolling her hips back against him.

Mason groaned from the soft pressure her ass put on his straining cock, and all thoughts of time ceased. He lifted her leg and guided his hard shaft into her warm, slick body. They both released a shuddering breath.

They stayed like that for a while, his rigid length buried deep inside her and her soft, wet channel pulsing deliciously around him. After a few still moments, she tried to thrust her hips back, but he halted her movements.

“Mason? What are you doing?”

“Shh.” He trailed his lips over the smooth ball of her shoulder. “No talking. Just feel me.”

She did as he instructed, their breathing coming out deep and heavy. This was the one thing they never got wrong. When he was inside her, nothing else mattered except her—and their love for each other.

She reached around, gripped his ass, and pulled him forward. The strong action drove him deeper into her, and her delicate quivers around his cock drove him over the edge. He lifted her leg high then thrust into her heavily.

They both shuddered and gasped from the staggering pleasure. With the prickling signs of his release nearing, he slowed his thrusts to slow, leisurely strokes. But it wasn’t enough. Reaching low, he found her taut, slick nub and slowly teased it. She clenched around him in soft spasms, and he couldn’t contain a low, harsh groan.

When he couldn’t fight it much longer, Mason rolled her on her back. He came over her again and fitted himself between her thighs before plunging into her with fast, deep thrusts. Her whimpers of pleasure filled his ears and drove him wild. She threw her arms around him and sought out his lips for a deep, thorough kiss.

He drank in each moan, each gasp as he continued to thrust harder and deeper into her. It wasn’t until she dug her fingernails into his back and found her release that he let himself go. With a final thrust, he buried his face in the crook of her neck and found his release.

She held him close, lazily stroking his back as his racing heart returned to normal.

“Shouldn’t we get up now?”

“In a minute,” he said quietly, pressing another kiss on her throat.

It was the last thing he remembered before he promptly fell back into a deep sleep.





11





“Mommy, Daddy! You’re home!”

Madison jumped into Jules’ arms. She caught their daughter and began raining kisses on her round cheeks before she pulled Jeremy in for a hug and kiss too. Both children were in their pajamas and up well pass their bedtimes, but Mason didn’t realize how eager he had been to see their kids until they had arrived home.

“I tried to put them into bed,” Carrie said. “But they wanted to wait up for you.”

“That’s all right,” Mason said, setting down their luggage. “We picked a bad day to miss our flight.” Though he didn’t regret the extra few hours he had spent with his wife.

Carrie helped them get the kids into bed before she eventually took off. Too tired to do much else, Mason sat on the couch with Jules cuddled close. She had her legs tucked under her and a near empty wine glass in her hands. The television was low and the only thing illuminating the dark sitting room.

“I had fun this weekend,” she murmured. “Thank you.”

“North Carolina wasn’t so bad, was it?”

She laughed. “We barely left our hotel room.”

“Did we need to?”

“Nope.” She took a sip of her wine. “And I’m not complaining.”

“Me neither.” Mason took the glass from her hand and finished the wine before setting it down on the side table. “And there’s no reason why it needs to end.”

He gathered her close and began trailing his lips down to her neck before nipping at the delicate skin there. He enjoyed her soft tremors, and continued running the tip of his tongue over her soft skin.

She shifted in his arms, and he captured her lips with his. Her uninhibited desire surged through him and down to his hardening shaft. Apparently, one weekend together hadn’t been enough to slake their need for each other.

She drew back, her eyes hooded and her face flushed with need. “Should we head up to bed?”

He ran his thumb across her cheek. “Why don’t you head up first? I’ll lock up down here and be right up.”

“Okay,” she drawled, trailing her finger along his collar. “Don’t take too long.”

Mason tightened his arm around her, and the corner of his lips lifted. “Now, why would I want to do that?”

She shrugged then gave him another slow, lingering kiss before she rose from the sofa. He followed her up and reached for the remote just as the local news anchors put up a photo of him and his team’s logo. He started to shut off the television, but a photo of him and Jules on their wedding day also flashed up on the screen.

“Ugh,” Jules muttered, voicing his disgust. “Turn it off.”

Just as he was about to hit the power button, the caption Mystery Man Revealed flashed across the screen. Mason turned up the volume.

“…Has been identified as Detroit Devils shortstop Slater Reyes. It is rumored that the thirty-year-old baseball player was in town negotiating his possible signing with the Louisiana Kings.”

A headshot of an attractive man with dark features filled the screen.

“Sources confirm that Reyes is the man seen here having dinner with former beauty queen Juliette Courage, wife of the Cajun Rage’s head coach Mason Courage.”

Mason stifled a curse. Why can’t the damn vultures find someone else to fixate on?

The player’s headshot was replaced by the photo of Jules having dinner with the concealed man at the hotel. It was a photo Mason had seen before, yet it still sent an icy shard of jealousy slicing through him. He gritted his teeth as he continued watching the segment. A new black-and-white photo was displayed.

“Photos taken from the hotel’s elevators show the former beauty queen riding inside, followed by Reyes just a few minutes after. Sources report the two had separate rooms, but one can only speculate what Reyes and the former beauty queen were up to that night.”

“Or if he has anything to do with the Courages’ recent divorce rumors,” another anchor added snidely.

Mason shut off the television and turned to his wife. She stared back at him, her expression frozen in a mix of disbelief and outrage.

“That’s the man you had dinner with?”

Her brows knitted together as her gaze moved over to his. “That’s the man that came to my table while I was having dinner, yes.”

“And you stayed at the hotel?”

“Yes, I reserved a room for that night. But you don’t honestly believe…” She took a step closer to him and grabbed his arm. “Mason, you don’t honestly believe anything happened.”

He could only stare at her as he tried to process what he’d just learned.

“Tell me!” she demanded, her fingernails digging into his arm.

He jerked his arm out of her grasp. “Why the hell would you need a room?”

“I told you I went to celebrate our anniversary alone. I took a day for myself. I went to dinner, then I went to my room. Alone.”

“Why didn’t you mention this before?”

“What difference would it have made? You would have just thought the worst, like you clearly do now.”

“Don’t try to turn this on me,” he barked. “You’re the one who fantasized about screwing another man. Now I find out you spent the night in the same hotel too? What the hell am I supposed to think?”

“Mason, keep your voice down,” she whispered harshly. “You’re supposed to trust me no matter what. I told you what happened and what didn’t happen. I’m not going to keep defending myself. I shouldn’t have to.”

Mason frowned down at her. Did she really believe he was wrong for being pissed? He wanted to trust her, wanted things to be the way they were before she had confessed that ugly truth to him. Yet how could he when he kept getting blindsided with these things?

“At this point, Jules, I don’t know what to think. The woman I married would have never thought about breaking up our family, much less cheating on me. You got us here, and now I can’t even turn on the television without being reminded of that.”

She shook her head slowly, her lips pressed tightly together. “This is not my fault. I can’t control what the media says. All I can do is tell the truth, which I have. Now I need my husband to be there for me, to stand with me, when the media is clearly trying to paint a scarlet letter on my chest.”

“What about my reputation?” he snapped. “How do you think this makes me feel, knowing the whole city is talking about my wife and the man she’s supposedly sleeping with?”

The silence that followed was grating. She fixed him with a glare so icy he felt its bitter chill where he stood.

“Let’s get this clear. I don’t give a damn what other people think. The only thing that matters is what you and I think.”

“That’s not what—”

“No, let me finish,” she cut in, her gaze flinty with anger. “In case you haven’t noticed, it’s my reputation that’s being slandered here. Not yours. Mine. I’m basically being called a cheating slut, but instead of coming to my defense, my husband somehow finds a way to make this all about him.” She scoffed and shook her head in disgust. “You’re unbelievable.”

Spinning on her heels, she left him standing in the room alone, more confused and outraged than he had been before. It was as if no matter what they did, there was something—or someone—trying to ruin things between them.

As much as he hated to admit it, his hot-tempered, knee-jerk responses were only fanning the flames.



“Mommy, can I have this dress?”

“No, Madison,” Jules said, pulling out her credit card and handing it to the saleswoman. “We only came to buy shoes for school.”

Madison pouted. “But I want a new dress for school, too.”

“You do have a new dress. You actually have five, remember?”

“But I don’t like them. They all look the same.”

“That’s why they’re called uniforms. Everyone in your school has them.”

“But I want that one,” Madison whined, pointing to the child mannequin with the bright pink dress and full tulle skirt.

Jules stifled an exasperated sigh. Normally, she could muster the patience for her daughter’s moaning, but today she was still battling a dull headache. It had come after her fight with Mason last night and stayed with her since.

He had gone back to sleeping in the guest room, and maybe it was for the best. All last night and into this morning, she’d had a chance to reflect on their argument, and realized just how deep their problems really went. It wasn’t just that he didn’t believe her, but that sometime during these past few years they had stopped being a team.

They needed to find their way back to the times when she had his trust and his support—two very important aspects she wouldn’t find in bed with him. She now understood that just because the sex between them was still mind-blowing, didn’t change the fact that they still had plenty to work through.

Right now, however, she had to deal with her daughter’s oncoming tantrum.

Madison slumped against the sales counter and began to whimper. “Please, Mommy.”

“I said no, Madison.”

Madison ignored her sharp command and began to stamp her feet repeatedly. Jules gritted her teeth and caught the saleswoman’s sympathetic glance.

When the screeching started, Jules lost it.

Coming down on her haunches, Jules grabbed Madison’s arms and held her tight. “Now that’s enough, young lady.”

Madison instantly stopped her crying, and her large hazel eyes were wide.

“You will not embarrass me in here, Madison. Do you understand me?”

Her daughter nodded slowly, her teary gaze never wavering from hers. Jules rarely snapped at her kids, choosing patience, reasoning, or plain old compromise to get them to behave. But her daughter’s humiliating tantrum in the middle of a semi-crowded retail store was just one public disgrace too many.

“I expect you to behave yourself, or I will return those shoes this instant and we will leave here with nothing. Understood?”

Madison nodded again, her bottom lip tucked between her teeth. Jules released her and rose to her feet. She grabbed the shopping bag then her daughter’s hand and left the store.

The drive back home was short and relatively quiet. Madison sulked in the back seat, clutching her rag doll close. Jules pulled into their driveway and was soon followed in by Carrie. Their nanny parked directly behind her as Jules got out of her car and went to unbuckle Madison from her seat. Just as she got her daughter free, Jeremy hopped out of Carrie’s car and tried to rush past her.

“Hold on there, mister,” Jules said as she helped Madison out of the car seat. “How was school today?”

“Good.”

“That’s all? Just good?”

Jeremy nodded and started toward the house.

“Wait. Don’t I get a hug today?”

He came back and wrapped his thin arms around her. He allowed her a few seconds to return the hug before he squirmed away.

“I want a hug too, Mommy,” Madison said, holding up her arms.

“You got it.” Jules gathered her in her arms and gave her a quick kiss on the head before setting her down on her feet. “How was he today, Carrie?”

“Better. He was using more words today.”

“Carrie, I’m gonna start school too!”

She beamed down at Madison. “I know! Are you excited?”

Madison nodded enthusiastically. “Yes! Wanna see my new shoes?”

“Not right now, sweetie,” Jules said. “Why don’t you take your shoes inside?”

“Okay, Mommy.” Madison grabbed the shopping bag and dashed toward the house. In her excitement, she dropped her rag doll.

“Madison, don’t forget Paige!”

She doubled back and swooped up the doll. “Mommy, my name’s Queenie now. Remember? And Paige is now Princess.”

Jules arched a brow then glanced over at Carrie, who shrugged.

“I don’t know where she’s getting this,” Carrie muttered.

Jules shook her head in exasperation and tried not to laugh. She looked down at her daughter and said seriously, “Well, queens don’t run. They walk.”

Madison started back to the house, her steps slowed to almost a tiptoe, and Jules bit back a smile. Despite the headaches from the occasional tantrum and defiance, their children were her greatest joy.

She hadn’t seriously considered what a divorce would do to them, and it was time that she did. If nothing else, their marriage was worth saving for their children.





12





“Do you want to give her a few more minutes, Mason?”

Mason glanced down at his watch again and nodded curtly. For the first time since they had started these sessions, Jules had decided not to ride with him. Not that he had expected her to. The past few days had been tense between them, and he didn’t know how to change it. It was clear in the way she avoided looking at him that she was still upset over their argument the other night. He thought giving her space and sleeping in the guest room would help get them back on track, but it hadn’t.

Now, fifteen minutes into their session and she still wasn’t here.

He thought about calling her when a knock came at the door. Relief washed over him, but it was instantly dashed away when the office assistant walked in.

“I’m sorry for interrupting, but Mrs. Courage won’t be able to make it in today.”

“Did she say why?” Dr. Kahn asked.

“Only that her meeting with her attorney was running long.”

Mason tensed at the news. What did Jules possibly need to see her attorney about?

“Okay, thank you, Debbie.”

The woman nodded then handed him an envelope. “Here’s a copy of the letter you requested. The original has already been mailed to your home.”

Mason took the letter from her and she quietly retreated from the office. He felt the direct heat of Dr. Kahn’s curious gaze but couldn’t think past the twisting in his chest. Or the many questions spinning in his mind.

Is she moving forward with the divorce?

Ignoring the lodestones settling in his gut, Mason forced himself to his feet.

“I’ll reschedule with Debbie,” he muttered hollowly, aware that this could very well be their last session.

“Mason, wait. Can I ask you a question?”

He paused by the door and nodded.

“How are things going between you and Jules? Are they getting better or worse?”

Mason scoffed. “It seems whenever we’re making progress, something comes along to screw it up.”

“Are you referring to the things that are being said in the news?”

“That’s one problem,” he muttered tightly.

“What’s the other?”

My ability to say the wrong damn things.

“I may have overreacted when we saw the news the other night.”

“What happened?”

“I got upset. We argued and haven’t spoken to each other much since that night.”

“Is that the reason Jules didn’t come to the session today?”

Mason shrugged. “Maybe. Things between us have been tense lately.”

“Have you tried talking to her again? When you’ve both had a chance to cool off?”

He shook his head.

“You know, silence can only do more harm in a relationship, especially during such a volatile time like this.”

“How do you suggest I begin the conversation?”

Dr. Kahn smiled. “It doesn’t have to be scripted. Just begin by talking about how this situation makes you feel, and then allow her the opportunity to express how she feels.”

But that was their problem. He had told Jules how he felt, and in turn, she had accused him of making it all about him, of not coming to her defense. That couldn’t be further from the truth. He would do everything in his power to shield her and their children from pain and hurt.

Maybe his anger had been misplaced that night, but his loyalty was always to her. How could she not see that?

“I have a question for you, doc.”

“Yes?”

Mason pushed away from the door and took a few steps closer to where Dr. Kahn sat. “If you were in my situation, what would you do?”

“As your counselor, I don’t think it’s best to give my opinion on such a sensitive topic. Especially one that’s based on hypotheticals.”

“I’m not asking you as my counselor, but as a woman who happens to be married,” Mason said, staring pointedly at the wedding band around her finger. “If your spouse admitted to thinking about having an affair, then you later found evidence that suggested they may have had one, what would you do?”

She tilted her head slightly. “Honestly, I would make sure I had more solid proof besides strategically angled photos or suggestive commentary from outsiders before I made any assumptions.”

“But would you honestly be able to trust him again? The way you used to?”

“If my husband was courageous enough, like your wife, to tell me something that brutally honest, then I would give him the benefit of the doubt when he says nothing physical happened. I think you need to ask yourself what is keeping you from fully trusting your wife.”

“I do trust her,” Mason said. “I just…” Don’t have confidence in her feelings for me anymore.

Dr. Kahn leaned forward in her seat, but she didn’t pressure him to finish his thought. Instead, she gave him a gentle, sympathetic smile.

“You and your wife got your start based on a pretty funny, but also big misunderstanding that led to a coerced date, and ultimately the end of an existing relationship. All of this laid the foundation of a marriage that would be filled with assumptions, manipulation, and some uncertainty. And these seem to be a running theme in your marriage.”

Mason frowned, wanting to refute everything she just said. But he couldn’t find the words that would unravel her neatly outlined assessment of them.

“Speaking as your counselor,” Dr. Kahn continued, “I would strongly suggest that when you find yourself reacting, stop and start asking questions. You and Jules both need to start opening up to one another if you hope to rebuild trust in each other.”



Jules sat across from her lawyer, her hands clasped tightly on her lap. “So you’re saying there’s nothing I can do?”

“Unfortunately, no,” Linda said. “The news stations are smart. They wouldn’t broadcast anything that could come close to being considered defamatory. They’re just making a lot of noise that will eventually die down. You’ll see.”

“But how can they go around saying these things about me?”

Linda shrugged. “Freedom of the press.”

Jules’ frustration level nearly reached its boiling point. She had missed her counseling session for this, only to be told that she could do nothing about protecting her name and reputation in the press.

“I could have the station publish a statement addressing these allegations, but honestly, I believe it is best we not draw any more attention to it. It’s nothing but salacious gossip, and the public will see it for what it is.”

Jules shook her head. “I don’t care about public opinion. These lies are hurting my marriage, and I want them to stop.”

Actually, she wanted that night to never have happened. As much as she hated to admit it, Mason had every right to blame her. She had brought this drama into their lives, and now she just wanted it to disappear.

“I’m sorry, Jules. There isn’t much I can do. And frankly, this isn’t my area of expertise. If you want to continue with the divorce proceedings, however, then that we can get started on today.”

Jules frowned at the thin, sharply dressed woman. “I told you, my husband and I are going through marriage counseling.”

Linda sat back in her chair. “And how is that working out for you?”

Jules stiffened at the intrusive question, hoping the woman wasn’t intentionally trying to be snide.

“Fine,” Jules said tersely. “It was actually going great until this mess in the news came in, and…” Crumbled what had been the rebuilding of something sweet.

Linda offered a polite smile. “Well, if things take a turn for the worse, I’ll be ready.”

Frustrated, Jules rose to her feet and slid on her sunglasses. She began to question her decision to come here in the first place. If she was looking for an ally in saving her marriage, Linda Greisen was not it.

“You may want to leave from the back. I believe some reporters have started gathering out front.”

As Jules took the long way out of the attorney’s office and to her car, guilt over missing her counseling session today began to gnaw at her. Coming here had been a waste, seeing as she had gotten very little answers or solutions from Linda. Instead, she could have used this time to meet with Dr. Kahn so she and Mason could work through the rising tension between them.

“Jules, over here!”

She instinctively looked up from her car door, barely registering the camera rushing toward her. The man was now only steps away from her and she vaguely wondered how a slender man could move so fast with such a large piece of equipment.

Forcing herself into action, Jules wrenched her car door open and jumped inside. She had the door shut and locked just as the man jammed his camera at her window. She had never been more grateful for the tints covering her car windows than she was right now.

“Jules! When did you and Slater Reyes start seeing each other? How did you two meet?”

Her heart raced and her hands shook uncontrollably as she scrambled to get the keys into the ignition. The man continued shouting questions at her, which only frazzled her more, but eventually she got the car started. She peeled out of the parking lot and it wasn’t until there was enough distance between her and that camera that her tremors started to ease. She’d never been in a situation like this and she didn’t know if she could take much more of this.

If only she had never gone to that stupid hotel…

Jules dashed away the tears that slid down her cheeks. She couldn’t start feeling sorry for herself. There was too much at stake for her to give in to the insanity now.

She drove around for a bit before heading home to get her emotions in order. When she pulled into her driveway, Carrie was on her way out with Madison strapped in the back seat. Jules went to the passenger side and leaned in.

“Mommy!”

Jules smiled at the sound. She would never get tired of it. “Hi, baby. Have you been good today?”

“Yes. I was very good today.”

Jules glanced over at Carrie.

“Nothing’s broken and that’s all I’m going to say about that,” she said with a low chuckle. “What are you doing back so early?”

“I had to cancel one of my appointments because the other ran late. Are you two headed to the park?”

“Yup, then we’re going to pick up Jeremy from school.”

“Mommy, am I starting school tomorrow?”

“Yes, honey, but it’s like practice school. You start your real school in two weeks.”

“Can I wear my new shoes?”

“Yes, with your new uniform.”

Madison beamed with excitement and Jules realized that soon both her babies would be in school, leaving her with a lot more time on her hands. A small twinge of nostalgia was already starting to take root, and she sighed. The first day of school was going to be a tearful one for her.

Until then, she would be busy wrapping up the planning for the Family Fun Day with her program director. Then there was Jeremy’s progress report meeting in the morning. It was going to be a busy day tomorrow.

“Carrie, I just realized I have a few early meetings tomorrow morning, which is also the first day of Madison’s prep classes at Saint Francis.”

“Whoa, prep classes for preschool?”

Jules shrugged. “They’re one of the best. Would you mind swapping just for tomorrow? I’ll take Jeremy and you drop off Madison?”

“Sure, that shouldn’t be a problem.”

Jules smiled. “What would I do without you?”

“Remember this moment when Christmas rolls around,” Carrie said with a wink.

She pulled out of the driveway, and Jules waved at them until the car was out of sight. She grabbed the mail from the box and went into the house. Jules sat at the kitchen table and began to sift through the pile. She had gotten in a habit of opening the mail that she didn’t hesitate when she came across a letter from Dr. Kahn’s office.

Treatment Verification Letter.

Jules skimmed the letter, confused as to what she was reading. She read it again, and this time it began to make sense.

This was for his job.

She racked her mind trying to think of another reason Mason would need a letter like this, then realized it didn’t matter. The fact that their counseling sessions were being used to fulfill another purpose beyond repairing their marriage hurt. This was yet another example of him putting everything else before their marriage—before her.

Jules blinked the moisture that suddenly blurred her vision. It was silly, really. She should have known that his sudden interest in marriage counseling had something to do with his career and little to do with actually repairing their marriage. He had given in to the idea so easily and now she knew why.

Her head spun and there was a painful tightness in her chest that made it hard for her to think or do anything but sit there stiffly. It took her a while to pinpoint it, but she realized she wasn’t just angry at him. She was angry at herself for believing, yet again, in his empty promises.

Jules didn’t know how long she sat there until Mason came home and found her at the table. She couldn’t even look at him, so she kept her gaze glued to the letter.

“You weren’t at our session today.”

“I know.”

“You could have told me you had another appointment. We could have rescheduled our session for later in the day or tomorrow.”

She raised her gaze to his, incensed that he would have the audacity to be upset with her for missing a session he really cared nothing about.

“I didn’t plan to miss our session, Mason. My meeting just took longer than I expected.”

He frowned. “Was meeting with your lawyer more important than sticking with our counseling session?”

“As a matter of fact, it was,” she said tightly. “Since I can’t rely on you or anyone else to be in my corner, I needed to know if there was anything my lawyer could do to stop the media from spreading any more lies about me.”

He pressed his lips in a tight line at her jibe, but she continued anyway.

“And you know why? Because I was hoping that maybe once this was over, we could get back to fixing us. But you don’t really care about that, do you?”

“What are you talking about?”

She shot to her feet and shoved the letter at him. He grabbed it, his brow furrowed in a deep frown as he quickly read the letter.

“What am I missing?” he asked, glancing back up at her.

Did he not see anything wrong with what he did?

She scoffed and shook her head. “You truly are unbelievable.” She tried to walk around him, but he grabbed her arm and pulled her back.

“No. Help me understand, Jules. Because I’m really trying to figure out what’s going on in that head of yours.”

“That letter, who is it for?”

“This?” He glanced at the letter in his hand. “It’s for the league so they would get off my back about going to anger management.”

She had been right. It was for his job. Then again, everything he did was always for his career.

“So you used our marriage counseling to get out of going to anger management?”

“What? No.” His frown deepened. “I got this letter so that I didn’t have to split my time between our sessions and mandatory anger management. Though it doesn’t really change anything for us, because I fully intend to finish what we started.”

She stared at him closely, wanting to believe that he meant what he said. But how was she to know?

“Now that you’re using our marriage counseling to fulfill your work needs, how do I know this isn’t just about you keeping your job then fixing us?”

“This has always been about us, Jules. Nothing’s changed that. Trust me.”

“Trust you? How?”

She hadn’t meant to blurt that out, but it echoed between them. Loudly. The magnitude of what it meant and what it conveyed peeled back a layer of unspoken words between them that clung to the tip of her tongue.

How am I supposed to trust you if I can’t even count on you?

Her very thoughts were reflected in his eyes.

“Mason, if we can’t be there for each other, what are we holding on to?”

He stilled, and Jules was stunned by her own words. The suffocating silence continued to spread between them as his piercing gaze moved over her.

“I rescheduled our session for us next week,” he said quietly. “We can work this all out there.”

Without another word, he turned and left. As her eyes followed him, she prayed that therapy would be enough to save them.





13





“Is it still safe for me to come down next month?”

Mason tucked the phone between his shoulder and ear as he shuffled through a few documents on his desk. “Yeah, Ryder. Why wouldn’t it?”

“I’d hate to show up to find out my big brother has become that guy.”

“What guy?”

“The forty-year-old divorcee who’s renting out a too-expensive bachelor pad.”

Mason gritted his teeth in annoyance as he waited for his brother to finish laughing at his own stupid joke. “Very funny, asshole.”

“Lighten up, Mason. It’s all just media gossip. You and Jules are solid.”

Mason let the heavy silence that followed linger between them. He wished he could find some assurance in his brother’s words, but he couldn’t even convince himself that their marriage could survive this. The tension at home was palpable and with each passing day, it only seemed to grow stronger.

“Mason.” This time, Ryder’s tone was sharp. “You two are good, right?”

“We’re still figuring things out.”

There was a brief pause over the line before Ryder let out a lengthy curse. “Damn, man. I didn’t know things had gotten that bad. You know I wouldn’t joke like that had I known things were that serious.”

Mason sighed and sat back in his seat. “Yeah, I know. Don’t worry about it.”

“How can I not? We both know how it felt when we thought Mom was going to leave Dad. I don’t want Madison and Jeremy to go through that same thing.”

Mason tensed at the memory. It had been so long ago, he’d almost forgotten. He’d been fourteen when his parents had separated. Ryder had been ten. Together they had barely weathered the storm of what had been an anxious and highly stressful moment in their lives. He wasn’t sure what had driven the wedge between his parents. He could only remember the many nights his mother had gone to bed in tears. On those nights, Mason had hated his father for the pain he’d caused their mother.

Eventually things had gotten better and their parents had remained married until their father’s passing. Mason had faith things wouldn’t get so dicey between him and Jules. For one, he was still at home, even if they were sleeping in separate bedrooms. Besides, Jeremy and Madison were too young to figure out why. He and Jules were just getting through a hurdle. They could survive this and things would get better. He had to believe that.

He did believe that.

“No matter what happens, we’re not getting a divorce,” Mason said more to himself than his brother.

“I hope not, because I’m telling you now. Don’t ask me to be best man at your second wedding.”

“There isn’t going to be a second one. Now why don’t you redirect your focus from my marriage and worry about yours?”

“I will as soon as I find myself a wife.”

“I thought things were getting serious with you and…what’s her name?”

Ryder snorted. “That’s been over for a while now.”

“What happened?”

“WTF. That’s what happened.”

“What the hell does that mean?”

His brother’s sigh was heavy with exasperation. “Wednesday found out about Thursday then they both found out about Friday and well, let’s just say it really screwed up my weekend.”

Mason shook his head, though couldn’t help the small chuckle that forced its way pass his lips. Though it was nice to have someone else’s relationship woes to talk about for a change, his brother could be pretty damn evasive when he wanted to be.

“You know what your problem is, Ryder?”

“I’m too damn lovable?”

“No. You never know when to get serious.”

“Well, just think of me as the yin to your yuck face.”

“’Bye Ryder.”

“All right, I’ll see you and the Cup next month. Try not to get yourself divorced before then, yeah?”

Ryder ended the call before Mason could fire back a response. He hung up his phone and put his focus back on the contracts he was reviewing. Cutting into his concentration was a sharp knock on his office door.

“Not right now Doug.”

His assistant ignored him and pushed open the door. “Mason, there’s someone here to see you.”

He glanced up from his desk and frowned when Doug came into his office and quietly shut the door. It wasn’t exactly what Doug had said that piqued his suspicions, but how he said it.

“Who is it?”

Doug stopped just steps away from his desk, his new cell phone clutched in his hand. “I couldn’t believe who it was when he walked in. Actually, I could believe it, though I still had to look him up and make sure it—”

“Doug.”

“Right.” He glanced back down at his cell phone then turned the screen to face him. “This is the guy who’s here to see you.”

Mason stared down at the screen, and something in his gut clenched. He snatched the phone from Doug’s hand and took a closer look.

“Please, be gentle,” Doug murmured, his eyes glued to his phone. “She’s new.”

Mason ignored him and continued to stare down at Slater Reyes’ grinning face staring back at him. “Are you sure he’s here to see me?”

“Yup. And he insisted I tell you that he just wants to talk.”

“Yeah?” Mason didn’t bother to keep the edge from his tone. “Send him in.”

“All right.” Doug shifted from one foot to the other. “My phone?”

Mason blew out an exasperated breath and handed Doug back his phone. A few moments later, the tall, dark-haired baseball player strolled into the office and shut the door behind him. Mason stood in front of his desk, assessing the man. He was better looking in person, and the thought chafed at him.

Was that what Jules had thought when she considered sleeping with him?

Mason clenched and unclenched his hands into fists to ease the tension in them.

“What the hell do you want?”

Slater arched a dark brow. “So we’re not going to bother to be civil?”

“I don’t see the need to waste the energy.”

Slater sighed. “Look, I’m sorry for showing up like this. But I’ve seen what the media has been saying about me and your wife, and none of it is true.”

“I didn’t need you to tell me that,” Mason snapped. “My wife already told me everything.”

I just chose not to believe her.

Now the progress they had made these past few weeks was starting to come undone.

“You have three minutes to tell me why the hell you’re here.”

Slater appeared uncertain of his next words.

Mason’s frown deepened. “You have one minute.”

“I just wanted to clear the record between me and your wife. And I thought I should do it in person.”

Mason studied him closely. “Why? If nothing happened, why was it so important for you to come here?”

“Because your wife seems like a great woman,” Slater said evenly. “I would hate for rumors and media bullshit involving me to break up a loving marriage.”

“Then next time, stay the hell away from her.”

They glared at each for a while before Slater shook his head.

“I can see why Jules is so unhappy,” he said, his tone laced with disgust. “You’re a fucking—”

Mason’s small thread of self-control broke. He rushed Slater and grabbed him by the collar then slammed him against the wall. Slater tried to push him away, but fury only strengthened Mason’s hold, and he got in the other man’s face.

“Don’t you ever mention my wife’s name again. You don’t know shit about me, her, or our marriage.”

“I know that she loves you,” Slater croaked, still trying to shove him off. “And that she’s miserable.”

Mason’s resentment for Slater continued to climb. “Who the fuck told you that?”

“She did.”

Mason froze, and Slater pushed out of his grasp one final time. Mason let him go as the words began to sink in.

“She said she was miserable?” Just saying the words out loud twisted his chest.

Slater hesitated and ran his fingers through his hair. “Not in those words exactly, but her sentiment was easy to pick up.”

So, in just one night, this stranger was able to pick up on his wife’s unhappiness. Yet, it had taken her filing for divorce from him to realize just how bad it had gotten between them. She had opened up to this man, this stranger she had considered sleeping with, and had talked to him in a way they now couldn’t.

That thought did nothing to lighten his bitter jealousy.

Slater must have seen something on his face, because he threw his hands up.

“Look, I didn’t plan on approaching her that night. But she looked lonely as hell sitting at that table by herself. Before I knew it, I found myself introducing myself, and we just started talking.”

“About what?”

“You.”

Mason jerked back in surprise. “She talked about me to you?”

“Yeah. We talked about you and your kids. And I enjoyed talking to her, too. I could tell by the way she spoke about you all that she loved her family. But when I asked why you weren’t with her, she got this really sad look in her eyes, and I changed the subject.”

Mason rubbed the back of his neck, only now realizing how dismissive he had been toward his wife’s feelings, and how much he had underestimated her commitment to him. Only a woman in love would put up with the shit that she did and still find space in her heart to include him.

“I didn’t want to start trouble for you two,” Slater added. “Actually, I came here to connect with someone else entirely, and your wife gave me some pretty sage advice.”

Slater regarded him closely, as if contemplating his next words—and whether he should say them at all.

“What did she say?” Mason asked.

“She told me that I needed to go see the person I was here to connect with, because not everyone’s fortunate enough to get a second chance. And she’s right, of course. But I’ve also learned that being strong enough to let go is much like a second chance too.”

With those last words, Slater inclined his head and left his office.



It was late in the afternoon when Jules finally made it home. With her schedule finally cleared, her main goal was to head home and relax before she had to pick up Madison. She was a few minutes from her house when her cell phone rang.

She looked down the screen and recognized the number of her daughter’s private school.

“May I speak to Mrs. Courage?”

“Speaking,” Jules said as she found a spot on the side of the road to pull over.

“Mrs. Courage, this is Mrs. Wagner, the assistant principal at Saint Francis Academy. I’m not sure if you’re aware, but today was the start of the summer prep program for your daughter Madison, and we wanted to confirm that she would be joining us this summer?”

Jules frowned. “Yes, of course. My nanny dropped her off this morning.”

“Oh.” There was a brief pause before Mrs. Wagner continued. “There must have been some confusion, then, because we have her marked down as a no-show.”

“Should I be concerned?”

There was another brief pause before the woman spoke again. “I’ll double-check with the teacher your daughter was assigned to. In the meantime, could you confirm with your nanny that Madison was indeed brought in today?”

“Yes, of course.” Jules immediately hung up and called Carrie’s cell phone. Thankfully, she picked up on the second ring. “Carrie, is Madison with you?”

“No, I dropped her off at Saint Francis this morning.”

The hairs on Jules’ arms began to rise. “Are you sure? Because I just got a call from them, and they said Madison didn’t show up today.”

“What? That’s impossible. I dropped her off in the front of the building. There were teachers ushering the kids inside, and I saw her walk into the building with one.”

“You didn’t take her inside yourself?”

Carrie hesitated. “Um, no. Since there was a lot of staff around, I thought it was okay to just drop her off.”

Jules tried to hold on to her patience. Carrie wasn’t a mother, but she wouldn’t have guessed their nanny of three years would disregard that simple step.

But if Carrie didn’t have Madison and the school couldn’t find her, then where the hell was she?

“I’m headed to the school now.”

Jules ended the call and drove faster than she could ever remember driving. She rushed into the large building and went straight to the front office, her pulse racing.

“Please tell me you found my daughter?”

The short woman behind the desk was startled to her feet. “Mrs. Courage?”

Jules nodded, the lump forming in her throat, making it hard for her to speak.

A pained look flashed across the woman’s face. “Let me get the principal.”





14





Mason reached for his ringing cell phone and immediately answered Jules’ call. After the silent treatment she had been giving him, he was surprised by the call—and a bit apprehensive.

Something must be wrong.

“Jules?”

“Mason! They lost her!”

Mason frowned, not certain he had heard correct. She was crying and shouting and completely hysterical. The hairs on the back of his neck stirred.

“Jules, calm down. Tell me what happened.”

She sucked in a shuddering breath, but panic was still strong in her voice. “Madison. She’s not at the academy. Carrie dropped her off this morning, but now she’s nowhere in the school!”

A horrifying chill washed over him and his heart sank to the bottom of his stomach. For a split second, Mason was paralyzed and didn’t know what to think or do. He couldn’t even stomach the idea that his daughter could actually be missing.

“Where are you now?”

Jules gave him the address of the school, and Mason made it there within minutes. He rushed into the school and was instantly stopped by a stocky man in a tight polo shirt, a whistle hanging around his wide neck.

“Excuse me, sir. The school’s currently under lockdown. You’re going to have to wait until we get the all clear.”

Mason held on to his rising panic. Lockdown? This was serious. He needed to get inside.

“I’m here to find my daughter. Madison Courage. My wife’s inside. Now get out of my way.”

The man sized him up, his bushy brows drawing together as he moved to the side. “The main office is down the hall.”

Mason ran down the long hall, his footsteps snapping against the dark linoleum floors. He reached the front office only to find a small group huddled just outside the door. His first instinct was to identify the person in charge and put the fear of God in them. But there was already enough pandemonium. He knew his temper would only add to the chaos.

He remembered Dr. Kahn’s words about stopping to think before he reacted and Mason did that. He scanned the crowd for his wife and found her at the center of the small cluster, crying uncontrollably. Carrie was also there, speaking to another woman, her face flushed with signs of distress.

Mason immediately started toward his wife. When Jules caught sight of him, she broke from the group and rushed toward him. She threw her arms around him and he held her close, her body trembling violently against his.

“Mason, they still can’t—”

She was crying too hard to continue, and he had to rein in his own climbing emotions. His wife was already a wreck and he needed to keep his cool if they were going to find their daughter.

“It’s going to be okay, Jules,” he said close to her ear. “We’ll find her.”

She nodded stiffly and began to gather her composure.

“Mr. Courage?”

Mason looked up to find a grim-faced woman approaching them. “Yes, I’m Madison’s father.”

“I’m Mrs. Wagner, the assistant principal here. As I was telling your wife, we’ve checked the cameras, and no student has been seen leaving the school. If your daughter was here this morning, then we believe she’s still here.”

Mason frowned. “What do you mean if she was here? My wife said she was dropped off this morning. Check your cameras and see what time she walked in here.”

Mrs. Wagner nodded, though her austere expression gave him little assurance that she would.

“We’re doing everything we can to find your daughter, but it’s the first day of our summer prep program. Things get a little crazy on the first day, which is why we have helpers at the front to help usher the students inside and to their classrooms.”

Mason bit back his rising frustration and fear. Basically, what the assistant principal was telling him was that they hadn’t seen Madison walk in here and had no way to confirm that she had. Except for Carrie’s word.

He turned to their nanny. “Walk us through everything that happened this morning when you pulled up here.”

She did, her voice strained, but her retelling was detailed. “I waited in the car until she joined the other preschoolers in the drop-off area,” Carrie added. She pointed to a quiet blonde a few feet away. “I remember she was following you and your group inside.”

The young woman’s eyes widened in alarm before she darted her attention from him to Mrs. Wagner.

“I brought all the children to the cafeteria and sat them with their age group so their teachers could come get them,” the young blonde said. “I didn’t have an attendance list or anything so I can’t say for certain who was in my group.”

“How can you not know?” Jules snapped, advancing toward the anxious woman. “You work here, don’t you? It’s your job to keep an eye on our children.”

Mason took her hand again and pulled Jules back to his side. It was all he could do to calm her, since fear and anger threatened to take a hold of him too.

“We’re wasting time pointing fingers,” he said to Mrs. Wagner. “What are you doing right now to find her?”

“We’ve gone into each of the preschool and kindergarten classrooms and are cross referencing each student on the list to make sure we didn’t overlook something.”

“Where are these classrooms?” Mason asked. “I want to check inside them myself.”

“Mr. Courage, please—”

“Mrs. Wagner, this is not up for debate.” Mason applauded himself for managing to keep his voice even. “I can go through each and every classroom, shouting for my daughter, but I would rather avoid distressing the other children.”

“I understand. But right now, we have two of our office secretaries searching through each class carefully. We believe your daughter may have just ended up in the wrong class.”

Mason blew out a frustrated breath. “Look, lady. I’m not asking. Now you either take us to those classrooms or I’ll start tearing this school apart.”

Mrs. Wagner’s lips flatten into a thin line. So much for keeping his cool. After a brief pause, the assistant principal nodded and escorted him and Jules into the first classroom. Mrs. Wagner whispered something to the teacher and then turned to address the students. Mason turned to the little faces that stared back up at him.

“Hello, class. I just wanted to take a moment to introduce you to a local superstar. How many of you watch hockey?”

The principal spoke for about a minute as Mason surveyed the class. They all wore uniforms and it made it that more difficult to separate them into individuals. He continued to scan the sea of small faces, hoping to catch a glimpse of pale brown cherubic cheeks and a wide smile that resembled his wife’s.

Mason could sense Jules’ tension as she stood by his side, clutching his arm, and hoping to find the same round face in the crowd. One of the office secretaries ran down the attendance list, but it yielded nothing.

They moved on to the next class, passing a display of awards and trophies. If only the school placed as much value in their daughter’s whereabouts, they wouldn’t be in this mess.

Same goes for you.

Mason didn’t know where the thought had come from, but the truth in those words weren’t lost on him. This was his baby girl’s first day of school and he was ashamed to admit this was the first time he had set foot in the school. While he’d been chasing after his own trophy, he’d relied on Jules to take care of everything concerning their children’s education. He vowed after today, he wouldn’t allow that to happen again.

When nothing resulted from the other class, they moved on to the next—the class that their daughter was supposed to be in.

“You’re not the teacher I met with last quarter,” Jules said to the plump woman with the bright orange hair.

“Ms. Munro is new here,” Mrs. Wagner said. “The teacher you met with is on medical leave.”

“And no one bothered to tell me this?” Jules turned back to the teacher. “My daughter’s on your roster, right?”

“Yes,” Ms. Munro said, clearly anxious from all the attention. “But I assumed she was just absent today.”

“Well, she wasn’t,” Jules snapped.

Mason squeezed her hand reassuringly then said to the assistant principal, “Let’s move on to the next class.”

She ushered them to another class and still no sign of Madison. Terror like Mason had never felt before began to take root in him. What was he to do if his four-year-old daughter ended up missing? The possibility of that began to open a chasm in his chest.

When they walked into the fourth classroom, Mason’s knees nearly buckled when he heard an excited shriek from the crowd of kids on the floor.

“Daddy!”

Madison jumped up from where she sat on the mat and ran to them. Mason scooped her up in his arms and held her close. Her tiny arms wrapped around him, and he couldn’t control his trembling.

Jules tried to contain her tears, but she was crying too hard to stop. She pulled Madison into her arms and held her tight.

“Mommy, you’re squeezing me!”

“I’m sorry, baby.”

“Mommy…” Madison drew back, her face scrunched into a deep frown. “Stop crying.”

Jules murmured something incoherent. Madison took her little hand and wiped it down Jules’ damp cheek. It didn’t help any.

Madison looked over at him, her bottom lip quivering. “Daddy, make Mommy stop crying.”

Mason cupped his daughter’s cheek. “Mommy’s just happy to see you, sweetie. We both are.” Mason turned to the assistant principal and teacher, who still appeared baffled by the entire situation. “Why wasn’t my daughter on your list?”

The slender man’s eyes widened as if he were puzzled by the question. “She is on my list. I received all the late registered students, many of whom were added to my roster today.”

Mason glared at the man and the assistant principal. “What are you talking about? My wife registered our daughter months ago. Madison should have already been on your list.”

“Madison?” The teacher looked from him to his daughter and back to him. “She said her name was Queenie.” He looked down at the clipboard in his hands. “Queenie Coach.”

Mason snapped his head around toward Madison, who was now kissing Jules’ cheek and patting her hair in comfort. If the lingering panic and fear hadn’t still been rooted in him, Mason could have probably found the humor in the situation.

For now, he was thoroughly embarrassed.

“I’m sorry for the confusion,” Mason said, feeling more than a little foolish with each passing minute. “My daughter has quite the imagination.”

That I overly encourage.

Mason glanced over at his wife and daughter again, then shook his head wryly for the unnecessary fear and anxiety they had all suffered.

“My daughter’s name is Madison Courage. I’ll be sure she never forgets that.”



Mason stood outside his daughter’s bedroom, waiting until Jules put Madison to bed. He had just finished up with Jeremy but knew Jules would want the extra time with their daughter. The whole incident earlier had terrified them both, but evidently it was going to take his wife longer to recover.

When Jules stepped out of the bedroom, Mason pushed away from the wall.

“Is she asleep?”

Jules nodded. “I may have been in there a little longer watching her, but I couldn’t help it.”

“I understand.” Mason held out his hand to her. “Let’s talk.”

She tilted her head to the side, but took his hand.

He thought about going into their bedroom, but then thought against it. They needed to have a serious talk, and he wasn’t sure he would be able to do that with a bed near. Not the way he was feeling.

They made their way into the living room and settled on the sofa. He was ready to put everything behind him and get them back on track. If he’d learned anything from today, it was that his wife and children were his everything, and at any moment he could lose them for good.

The thought was terrifying.

“I’m sorry I pulled you away from your work today,” Jules began. “I feel silly for falling apart like that when I should have had the common sense to ask them to take me into the classrooms and look for her myself.”

Mason stared at her, stunned by her apology. Did she really believe his work was so important that he would rather be there than looking for his missing daughter?

“Jules, I’m glad you called me. Madison is my daughter too, and what happened today scared the shit out of me. If it hadn’t been for you, I would have completely lost it.”

“Me? How? I was a hysterical mess.”

“You’re always so strong and taking care of all of us. But today was the first time that I saw how much you needed me to be there for you. I knew I had to be strong for both of us.”

A frown tugged at her brow. “Mason, it may look like I have everything under control, but I always need you. The kids need you.”

“But you were ready to leave me.”

She dropped her gaze, and Mason stared at her bent head. It wasn’t an accusation or a question, simply a statement of fact. It was clear by her filing for divorce that needing him wasn’t necessarily enough to keep her with him. And as much as he wanted her and their family to stay intact, he also wanted her to want those same things.

He loved her too much to force her to stay in a marriage she wasn’t happy in.

“It’s okay, Jules. I know you haven’t been happy with me for a while and I don’t want to be the cause of your misery.”

She whipped her head up, her eyes moving over him. “What are you saying?”

Mason clenched his jaw, the words hard to say, but very necessary in this moment. “I’m saying that if you want to end our marriage, then I won’t fight you on it. It won’t change how I feel about you. You’re it for me and letting you go will be hard as hell. But I would rather fight for you than with you. Even if it means starting all over again.”

Jules reached over and slipped her hand into his. “I don’t want our marriage to end, Mason. Leaving you is the last thing I want. But between your work and the kids, I’m tired of coming in last place with you.” She stared down at their hands. “I just don’t want us to get to a place where we start to hate each other.”

“I could never hate you, Jules.” Mason thought about what Slater Reyes had told him and what he had learned in the process. “Slater Reyes came by my office today.”

Her mouth fell open then her eyes narrowed suspiciously. “What? Why? What did he want?”

“To talk.”

“About what?”

“About you and us. He helped remind me of what I forgot I had.” Mason ran the pad of his thumb across her cheek. “I’m sorry I haven’t been my best self lately. I should have never stopped believing in you. In us. I’m going to do everything I can to be better, to make you happy again.”

He brought her hand to his lips, then gathered her in his arms. She wrapped her arms around his middle and settled against him.

“I love you, Mason. I want us to continue working at being better to, and for, each other. I want us both to be happy.”

He pressed a kiss against her hair. “I want that, too.”





15





Four weeks later…



“Daddy, what is that?”

“It’s a cup, sweetie.”

Madison scrunched her nose. “No, it’s not. It’s too big.”

“It’s a special kind of cup.”

“Is it for us?”

“Yes, but only for today. You want to take a look?”

She nodded, and Mason took down the Cup from the dining table. He placed it on the floor, and she got on her tiptoes to peer inside it.

“It’s so shiny!”

Mason smiled down at her bent head, finding her gleeful fascination contagious. The Keeper of the Cup Edwin Motz had brought by the trophy early, and was now taking a quick nap after his long overnight trip. Being an early riser like him, his darling daughter had come down to investigate. And while Mason thought about where he would display the nearly three foot trophy, he couldn’t help but admire it with the same wonder his daughter did.

In the corner of his eye, Mason caught a pajama-clad Jeremy standing a few feet away. He stared curiously at the impressive trophy, an unopened box of his favorite cereal clutched in his hands.

“Did you want me to help you with breakfast, Jeremy?”

He kept his eyes fixed on the Cup. “Big.”

“Yes, it’s pretty big.” Mason waved him over. “Come take a closer look with us.”

Mason watched as his kids examined it, taking in every detail, even the names engraved at the base. He saw the box of cereal on the ground and remembered that they needed to be fed. The Family Fun Day event Jules had been working hard on was in a couple hours, and they would all need to eat, get dressed, and be out the door soon.

“Daddy, what are we going to drink in it?” Madison asked, beaming up at him expectantly.

Mason chuckled. Any liquid they put in it would take several grown men to finish. With his petite daughter and his son’s picky eating habits, it would take them days.

“Why don’t we focus on having breakfast first?” Mason said, placing the box of cereal on the table.

He went to the kitchen and took down three small bowls from the cabinets. With milk, bowls, and utensils in hand, Mason returned to the dining room and stopped in his tracks.

“Jeremy, what are you doing?”

His son poured the last of the cereal and marshmallow pieces into the Cup before placing the box down. “Breakfast.”

Mason sighed as he set the items in his hands down on the table. “I know you want breakfast, son, but that’s not a bowl.”

Jeremy ignored him and began picking the marshmallow pieces from the bunch. He continued to stuff them in his mouth while Madison awkwardly shoved a chair closer to the trophy.

He started to stop her, then shrugged.

“Madison, do you know where Mommy keeps the colorful party spoons?” he asked, grabbing the gallon of milk and twisting off the cap.

She nodded. “Yes, in the pantry.”

“Can you go grab us a few?”

She hurried off, and Mason began to pour milk over the cereal. It was deeper than he’d initially thought, though the grains and marshmallow pieces began to rise steadily and float in the milk. In a flash, Madison was back at his side with a small carton of brightly colored plastic cutlery.

Mason pulled out three spoons and handed them each one. “Use only these spoons to eat with so we don’t scratch the Cup, okay?”

“Okay!” Madison said as she climbed up on the chair and knelt on the seat.

She was the first to dig in. Jeremy carefully sifted through the milk and cereal for the colorful marshmallows. Mason pulled up a chair for himself and dug in. He got over the initial awkwardness of eating from the large silver bowl and enjoyed the simple meal.

“What are you all doing?”

Mason turned to find Jules in her bathrobe, looking beautifully disheveled. He had left her sleeping when he came down to let Edwin in with the Cup.

“We’re eating breakfast in Daddy’s special cup,” Madison said, her mouth full of half-chewed cereal.

“I can see that,” Jules said, coming closer. “But why?”

“Because it’s fun!”

Mason smiled and winked at his wife. “Yeah, because it’s fun.”

Jules shook her head and laughed. “Okay, you win. But I have to take a picture of this.” She grabbed his phone from the table. “Smile.”

They looked over at her, and she took another series of pictures.

“Now, come here, babe.”

When she came close enough, Mason wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her down on his lap. He took the phone from her hand and pulled up the camera app.

“Jeremy, Madison. Look over here. Now say cheese.”

“Cheese!” Madison squealed.

He instantly snapped the photo before their kids turned their attention back to the bowl. Jules took the phone from his hand and studied their family selfie. It wasn’t quality stuff—a wide-eyed Jeremy had his fingers in his mouth, Madison smiled from ear to ear with her tiny teeth on full display, and they were all in desperate need of a comb—but still…

“It’s perfect.”

Exactly.

Mason glanced up at his wife. “You took the words right out of my mouth.”

The warm pleasure in her eyes made his heart swell. She gave him a quick kiss on his stubbly cheek, and he hugged her close.

“So, is that all you have planned for this magnificent Cup? Cereal with your kids?”

Mason stared at her. “You think it’s magnificent?”

“Of course.” She turned to admire it again, a wide smile on her face. “I may not be much of a sports fan, but this is the Cup. Not everyone gets the honor of winning it, but you and your team did. And looking at it now, I can understand what it was you were working hard for.” She turned back to him and cupped his jaw. “I’m proud of you.”

Mason froze as her words triggered something warm and peaceful inside him. It was a blend of immense pleasure and relief. He welcomed the unexpected emotions until it suddenly dawned on him as to why he felt this way.

She was proud of him.

For so long, he had let himself believe that winning the Cup had been about making his father proud, but that wasn’t true. It had been about making his wife proud. Why couldn’t he see that before he almost let his fixation on winning ruin his marriage?

With a wry laugh, Mason shook his head.

“What’s so funny?”

“You don’t know how much I’ve wanted to hear you say that. For months I’ve been telling myself that winning the Cup was for my dad, but it wasn’t. It was for you.”

She tilted her head. “Me?”

“Yes. If losing my dad had taught me anything, it was that nothing’s ever promised. I guess I wanted to do something that would make you proud to be my wife, to carry my name.”

Her eyes glistened with tears, but she blinked them away. “You silly man. I’ve always been proud of you. And I’m proud to be your wife. I’m just sorry I wasn’t more patient with you.”

“You’ve been more than patient with me, babe.”

“Perhaps on some things, but I knew how important this was for you. I shouldn’t have been so…jealous of your career.”

Mason tightened his arms around her. “It’s true my career is important to me, but it doesn’t take the place of you or the kids. It never will. I hope you know that.”

“I do.” She pressed her lips against his forehead and stroked his cheek. “I think I have an idea of what we could do with the Cup today. But first we need to get this cereal finished.”

“You got it.”

Reaching for his spoon, Mason dug into the cereal. Madison had joined her brother in picking out just the marshmallows, which left a lot of the sugary oats floating in the milk. He fed Jules a healthy spoonful before he served himself another bite.

She chewed thoughtfully before turning to him. “You did clean that first, didn’t you?”

Mason paused, glancing at her then back to the large silver bowl. “Hmm, I’m pretty sure Edwin took care of that.”



“You should bring home the Cup every year,” Jules said over the crowd of children laughing and running around them. “The kids love it.”

Mason scoffed, then threw his arms around her. “No pressure, right?”

He pulled her close to his side as they both stood back and watched family after family take pictures with the Cup. Her program director had found a suitable space in the center of the park to display it, and it currently sat atop a makeshift pedestal. As news of the Cup’s presence spread, the crowd steadily began to grow.

Jules glanced over to the sensory tent stationed near the trophy that Madison and Jeremy had wandered into. There were many tents like it around the park, as well as other wonderful activities and games, but it was the championship Cup that appeared to be the main attraction.

Edwin, who stood not too far away, kept a vigilant eye on the Cup. He, however, was virtually ignored by the excited crowd. From the delighted expressions and lively chatter, Jules knew they were experiencing the same enchanted wonder she had felt earlier. Everyone who came in sight of the impressive trophy was instantly drawn in. It had certainly turned out to be an invaluable addition to her first charity event, and she couldn’t be more thrilled.

“Thank you for letting me borrow your trophy today.”

“Well, it’s as much yours as it is mine,” he murmured. “For putting up with me this past season.”

Jules looped her arm around him and rested her head against his shoulder. He may not point it out, but she took full responsibility in her role in driving the wedge between them this past year. Instead of arguing or getting frustrated at the things he didn’t do, she should have mustered more patience and offered her support.

But that was all in the past.

“When is Edwin taking the Cup back?”

“He leaves tonight at midnight with it.”

“Okay, we’ll have to make sure we take one last picture before then. Will Ryder still be flying in today?”

“Yeah, he’ll be here tonight. He didn’t want to pass up having a drink in the legendary Cup. His words.”

Jules watched as a few kids were hoisted on their fathers’ shoulders and posed beside the trophy. As a few eager little hands grabbed the rim and touched inside the Cup, she made a mental note to wash it again before her brother-in-law got in.

“I think I’m going to miss it,” she murmured with a small sigh.

“Me too. Breakfast will never be the same after today.”

She laughed. “Exactly.”

After today, however, there was a lot she was going to miss. Counseling this summer had helped her understand just how much they both needed to improve in their marriage. These past few weeks, they had continued to put what they learned from Dr. Kahn into practice. Every week, Jules looked forward to their next date night, and she enjoyed their talks before bed. Their communication had improved significantly, and she would always remember this summer and how they had managed to find their way back to each other.

“I’m going to miss this summer too,” she said wistfully. “It’s been nice having you around more.”

He pressed a kiss on her temple. “This season won’t be like the last. I’m going to be around more for you and the kids. I will make you happy again.”

He tried to keep his tone light, but the tension in his voice was plain for her to hear. Jules could only stare at him, staggered.

“Mason, I am happy.”

“That’s not what you said a few months ago.”

She tightened her arms around him. “Okay. I admit I was more than a little upset with you, but it’s only because I wanted more of you.”

“And believe me, you’ll have it. I’m not promising I’ll be perfect, but I will be a better husband and father this time around.”

Did he think she expected him to be some kind of super dad or super husband? He was already a devoted coach, a loving, faithful husband, and a terrific father. From what she could tell, his good qualities certainly outweighed his flaws.

And it had only taken several sessions of marriage counseling, the frightening possibility that they had lost their daughter, and a shiny silver Cup for her to realize what she would have given up if she had gone through with the divorce. In hindsight, she couldn’t ask for a better husband.

Jules moved to stand in front of her husband then wrapped her arms around him. She peered up at him, and her heart fluttered at the love that shone in his eyes.

“You may not be perfect, true. But neither am I. And you know what? I wouldn’t trade you for anything. Not even for the most souped up luxury car.”

“What?”

She laughed, then rose to the tips of her ballet flats to kiss him lightly on the lips. “What I’m trying to say is I love you, Mason Courage. Flaws and all.”





Dear Reader





I hope you enjoyed Mason and Jules story! I’m a big fan of second chance romances and when their story came to me, I knew I had to tell it.



If you’re looking for more second chance romances, be sure to check out my To Be Loved series. The prequel is FREE and I’ve also included an extended excerpt after this note of my most popular story in the series, BECAUSE THIS IS FOREVER.



If you enjoyed A GAME OF COURAGE, you’ll certainly enjoy Nate, Mia, and their adorable five-year old Mikey.



Happy reading,

Lena ♥





Enjoy an extended excerpt from my bestselling novel!





The decision that tore them apart...

Former hopeless romantic, Mia Trent, is crushed when the love of her life, Nate McArthur, reveals that he doesn’t want to get married—or have children. But it’s too late. Mia is already pregnant and her dream of “happily ever after” is sharply put to an end when she decides to keep her pregnancy a secret, refusing to force him into a life he doesn’t want.



The compromise that made them a family...

Five years later, Mia must reach out to Nate for help or risk losing her home and shelter for their son. Stunned and outraged by the sudden news of his child, Nate proposes a compromise: give him the summer to get to know his son and he’ll save her home. Yet with Mia back in his life, Nate isn’t willing to lose her—or their son—again. What starts off as a temporary arrangement soon becomes a chance at rediscovery and becoming a family. Only Nate must convince his jaded dreamer that his love for her is true…and will last now and forever.





HER DECISION





1





A single blue line meant she wasn’t pregnant. Two meant she was.

Dazed, Mia Trent stared at the two thin blue lines coming through the small window of the narrow white stick. This was her third test. She had used up all the pregnancy tests available in the small pink box, including the bonus one.

All three read positive.

Mia sat on the edge of the tub, not sure how to feel or what to think. She hadn’t planned for—

The loud knock on her apartment door jarred her out of her dazed thoughts. Oh God. Nate.

She had forgotten she’d invited him over for dinner tonight. Mia jumped up, stuffed all three tests back in the box, tied them up in the pharmacy bag and threw it under the sink.

The knocking came again. Mia rushed to the front of her apartment. She took a few deep, steadying breaths, trying not to look as frazzled as she felt, before undoing the locks.

At her doorway, stood the love of her life. Nate McArthur. He was handsome in his black windbreaker and dark jeans. The drizzle outside glistened on his mussed, chestnut brown hair, which added to his appeal. His dark brown eyes, however, were watchful and unwavering as he stared down at her. Nate had always been perceptive. Could he tell she was carrying his baby?

“What’s wrong?” he asked, his thick dark brows furrowing into a deep frown of concern.

Everything and nothing, Mia wanted to say, but she didn’t trust her voice to speak so she simply smiled, shook her head, and stepped back to let him in. Before she had the door closed, he pulled her into a tight embrace.

Burying her face against his chest, Mia wrapped her arms around his lean waist, holding him tight. She breathed in his light, intoxicating scent. His smell made her think of nutmeg and warm wood. A small smile graced her lips as the cocoon of his strong, inviting hold brought back a semblance of peace to her strained emotions.

“You sure you’re okay?”

Mia smiled brightly up at him. “Yeah, I’m better now.”

“Good.” He brought his mouth down to hers for a light, lingering kiss. His rich, heady taste always left her breathless and before it ended, she was gripping fistfuls of his coat.

He smiled softly and rubbed his thumb across her lower lip. “So…what’s for dinner?”

Mia looked up at him, contrite. She had promised him dinner tonight, but had completely forgotten to stop by the grocery store. Instead, her mind had been preoccupied with her trip to the drug store.

Nate laughed at her guilt-stricken face. “It’s cool. We can go out. How about Josie’s?”

“No, no,” she said, pulling away from him. “I can whip something up. Just give me a few minutes.”

She preferred to stay in anyway, so she could gather the courage to talk with him. Just the thought of broaching the subject left butterflies fluttering in her stomach.

Nate followed her into the kitchen. “Need any help?” he offered, leaning against the counter.

Mia looked up at him incredulously. He laughed, remembering the last time he tried to make her breakfast. She now had only two functional burners to cook with because of him. He had offered to pay for the repairs, but it wasn’t anything she couldn’t fix herself—whenever she decided to get to it.

She scanned her fridge and cabinets, but was unable to find anything that would make a decent meal. Her food supply was pathetic. She pulled out what little provisions she did have.

“Okay, this is it,” she said, holding up a pack of cheese and jar of peanut butter. “Grilled cheese or PB and J?”

Nate contemplated it for a second, making it seem as if she’d posed him with a difficult question. “Grilled cheese,” he finally said. “And make mine a double.”

“You got it.”

Mia whipped up a few simple grilled cheese sandwiches. He helped by pulling the plastic wrappers off the cheese slices.

“When are you leaving for California?” she asked as she prepared the sandwiches, needing to temporarily distract her mind from the conversation they would soon have.

“Wednesday,” he said, then shot her a crooked grin. “The invitation is still open, you know.”

Mia’s lips quirked up. Nate had wanted her to come on his business trip with him so they could extend the trip and spend the weekend on the California coast together. His invitation was sweet, but he’d forgotten to factor in her work and responsibilities.

“And what do I tell my boss?”

At the mention of his father, Nate lost his smile and she instantly regretted bringing him up. She hated when he got that cold look in his eyes. Nate always seemed to withdraw whenever she brought up his father, Charles McArthur.

They had only been dating for six months, though she had seen him at the office occasionally when he’d come to visit his father. At first she had thought he didn’t particularly like her since he had always been abrupt and cold toward her. But then she discovered he only got like that whenever he had to deal with his father.

It had been during the company’s Christmas party that she’d found out how much he actually liked her. With stolen mistletoe, Nate had cornered her in a secluded area and kissed her until she had no breath left. She thought it was a silly and romantic gesture, but he had certainly gotten her attention. A soft smile came across her lips at the memory.

After that night, Nate had been relentless in his pursuit. At first, she avoided him because his father was her boss, but he had been so outrageously flirtatious and handsome, it was hard not to let herself get swept away. Though she had been uneasy at the idea of them getting together, she was glad she ultimately gave in. He made her happy.

“Finals are also coming up,” she added. “I can’t afford to miss any more days.” Especially not after the week she’d taken off to celebrate his thirtieth birthday this past April. “Maybe next time,” she offered.

“Yeah, maybe,” he muttered with a listless smile, not looking at her.

Mia sighed, unsure about her next move. They had decided to be discreet about their relationship, but in the past six month it had been an intense, all-consuming one and somewhere during their time together, she had lost her heart to him. They may have moved fast in their relationship, but there was a connection between them she had never felt with another man. Ever.

When the sandwiches were ready, they moved to the living room, where they sat and ate in silence. She had found some leftover chips to add to their basic dinner and he seemed to be enjoying the plain meal. Mia leaned against the other end of the small sofa with her socked foot draped over his lap, smiling as she watched him. He had removed his jacket and his lean muscular frame was well defined in the simple black T-shirt. The soft, orange light of the table lamp accentuated his black Irish features. He seemed perfectly at ease sitting here in her small, modest apartment. Despite his affluent background, Nate never flaunted his wealth. Though she loved how he took every measure to minimize the social class lines between them, none of that mattered to her. She loved him, not his things, and he knew that.

Yes, he knew she loved him. She had told him twice, though both times had been after their lovemaking. He hadn’t returned the words but she wasn’t discouraged because he showed it to her in so many other ways. Their relationship had taken on a new, heightened intensity she couldn’t explain. He had to feel the same way about her even if he wasn’t ready to say the words.

He glanced at her when she continued to stare at him, her half-eaten sandwich growing cold on her plate.

“What?” he asked. “Do I have crumbs on my face?”

Mia smiled softly and shook her head.

“Then why aren’t you eating?” he asked. “It’s actually pretty good.”

She laughed. “You can’t go wrong with grilled cheese. Well, maybe you can.” She laughed louder at his embellished hurt expression. “I’m teasing you. It’s sexy when you try to cook.” She put her plate down and turned back to him. “I’m just not that hungry,” she said. I’m actually feeling a little nauseous. But she couldn’t tell him that. Not yet anyway. Her stomach clenched at the thought of their impending discussion.

Nate finished the last of his sandwich and she got up to take their plates back into the kitchen. She started washing the few dishes they’d dirtied, not wanting them to sit overnight, which would happen if she didn’t get it done now.

As she rinsed the last dish, Mia jumped when strong arms suddenly wrapped around her middle.

“Sorry,” Nate said softly into her ear. “I didn’t mean to scare you. I thought you heard me.”

She turned off the running water and leaned against him. “No, I was lost inside my head. What did you say?”

Nate leaned down and kissed her on the back of her neck. Mia shivered. No matter where or how many, his kisses always left her lightheaded.

“I asked what was for dessert,” he repeated, kissing her again.

Mia turned in his arms, laughing. “That’s so cliché, you know.”

“What do you mean?” he asked with mock disbelief.

She rolled her eyes. “Oh, please. You say, ‘what’s for dessert?’ I say something ordinary and then you say something cheesy, like wanting me for dessert.”

He looked down at her, thoughtful. “Hmm, that does sound like something I’d say. But this hungry man could actually still eat.”

“Oh,” Mia said, a little embarrassed by her rash assumption. He was serious. Nate wasn’t a small guy and could honestly still be hungry. “Well…” she began lamely, “I don’t have anything else to feed you.”

Nate’s eyes sparkled. “Yeah, you do,” he whispered. He placed his hands on both sides of her on the counter, trapping her between his solid frame and the sink. “I said I could still eat.”

Mia paused, confused. Then she laughed, recognizing the heated suggestion in his eyes. “You’re bad,” she murmured, shoving lightly at his hard chest.

He leaned in closer, his lips only a breath away from hers. “And you like it.”

The brush of his lips was searing. Mia fell against him, seeking out his warmth and the magic of his kiss. He tasted better than any meal she could have made. The soft bite of his teeth made her tingle all over. She hungered for more.

But the sudden rolling in her stomach took her by surprise. She shoved him away as the familiar clenching in her throat seized her. Bolting to the bathroom, she expelled the little food she had in her stomach. Ugh, how embarrassing.

Mia rinsed her mouth and splashed cool water on her face. The brown, narrow features staring back at her from the vanity mirror looked stark and miserable. With her hair pulled back in a loose ponytail, her dark eyes eclipsed her slender face. She looked as pathetic as she felt.

She emerged from the bathroom to find Nate sitting on the couch. He looked up at her, frowning with concern. “You okay?”

“Yeah,” she said, falling into the seat beside him. “I think I’m getting too old to eat such fine cuisine like chips and grilled cheese.” She leaned against his side and he wrapped his arm around her, placing a chaste kiss on her forehead.

“I thought that stomach bug was gone,” he said. She forgot she had mentioned her bouts of nausea to him when they had begun. She had initially thought her sudden bouts of nausea had come from something she’d eaten. It was only recently when it hadn’t gone away and she had missed her last period that she started to suspect her pregnancy.

“I thought so too,” she said simply.

“Do you need me to get you anything?”

She shook her head. “I took something already,” she lied.

They cuddled on the couch, his arms wrapped tightly around her waist and she was content just sitting there, savoring his warmth. She only had tonight before he left for California for the rest of the week. She couldn’t wait until he got back from his trip to tell him, yet she was in no rush to have the conversation. This wasn’t something they’d planned and it certainly wasn’t something they had ever discussed. They often used protection, but their methods had clearly not been successful this time around.

She could only hope he would be happy to find out he would soon become a father. Maybe even offer marriage. It was old-fashioned of her, but she would like to think that he wouldn’t want to raise a child out of wedlock. They had never talked about their future in that regard since their relationship was still budding and she didn’t want to raise the subject prematurely. His parents, however, were married, although not quite happily, but Nate knew she valued stability and fidelity in a relationship.

“Nate?”

“Hmm?” he murmured lazily, rubbing his hands over her lower back. It felt nice.

She took a steadying breath. “Where do you see us five years from now?”

His slow movements stopped and his muscles tensed beneath her. After a short pause, he asked, “What do you mean?”

“I mean us, as a couple. Are we still together? Are we friends?” She hesitated before adding, “Are we married?”

He went rigid. The silence in the room was deafening. She pulled away from him and sat up to look at him. She wished she hadn’t. That cold, distant look was back in his eyes.

Her heart sank.

“Why are you asking me that?” he probed in a low voice.

The sudden change in him was alarming and for a minute, she didn’t know how to respond.

“I…I was just curious. You know I love you, and I want to have a future with you.”

He leaned forward and ran his hand through his dark hair. He didn’t look at her when he said, “I’m not marrying you.”

For a moment, Mia didn’t realize what she’d heard. Then his words sank in and a sharp pain pierced through her heart. He turned to look back at her and he must have seen the hurt in her eyes because his face softened slightly.

“It’s not that I won’t marry you,” he said. “I’m not marrying anyone. I’m just not the marrying type.”

“But I thought you…don’t you care about me?” She couldn’t ask him if he loved her. She refused to. If he did, it was up to him to tell her.

“You know I do. And I’m happy with how things are between us. Marriage will only mess things up. It certainly didn’t do any good for my parents.”

Mia looked at him searchingly, trying to understand the source of his bitterness. She didn’t know much about his family because he kept a lot of that to himself. From what Mia had gathered, his parents’ marriage had been one of convenience. Had they not grown to love each other? Nate had developed into a good man, with both his parents in his life, and she couldn’t understand why that wouldn’t be something good, something to vie for.

Besides, she loved him, and he had to love her too, so it would be different for them. Wouldn’t it?

“Don’t you want children?” she finally asked quietly.

“No,” he said without hesitation.

Mia looked away, her hopes and dreams shattering with that single word. How could they be so right for each other in every way but this? Tears gathered in her eyes, but she blinked them away.

“But what if I got pregnant?” she whispered, turning back to him.

Nate regarded her with flinty dark eyes. “I won’t be forced into marriage.”

She winced at his curt tone, then looked away. Mia took a deep breath and clenched her hands together to stop the trembling. Gathering her strength, she forced a strained smile on her quivering lips. “I would never force you to do anything you didn’t want to, Nate. And I certainly wouldn’t trick you into marrying me.”

She glanced over at him. His eyes were intense and fierce, but she held his hard gaze.

“So where does that leave us?” he asked quietly.

Mia stood up and went to grab his jacket. She was moving without feeling and grateful for the numbness that now encased her. She walked back to where he sat and held it out to him.

“Maybe we should take a break and think about what we want from this relationship.”

Nate looked at the jacket in her hand then back up at her. “So that’s how you’re playing it,” he said with a dry laugh. “I either promise to marry you or we’re through?”

“I’m not giving you an ultimatum, Nate. I’m giving you a choice.”

He bounded to his feet so fast she was startled into taking a step back. He grabbed her arm and drew her so close to him a pin couldn’t pass between them.

“Life’s not a fairytale, Mia,” he bit out inches from her face. “I’m not your Prince Charming and there’s no such thing as happy forever after. There’s only here and now.”

“It’s happily ever after,” she murmured absently.

He cursed then released her. He snatched the jacket from her limp hand and jerked it on. “Mia, do yourself a favor and get your head out of the clouds,” he snapped. “I know what I want, but I won’t be manipulated into having you.”

His words hurt because if he thought she would resort to such tactics just to keep him, he would be sadly mistaken. Obviously, he didn’t know her as well as she’d hoped.

“Trust me, you won’t ever have to worry about that.”

He stared down at her long and hard. Without another word, he slammed out of her tiny apartment.





2





Nate had arrived in California in a bad mood and would leave it with a splitting headache.

He sat at the hotel bar, cradling his third drink between his palms. His trip to California had been a waste. The distribution company he had come to check out, with hopes of financing, turned out to be a bust. They were less structured and efficient than they presented themselves to be. Nate had canceled their final meeting and made arrangements to fly back to Chicago first thing tomorrow morning, where he would meet with his father that afternoon.

Nate clenched his jaw tight. He hated being summoned and his father knew it. The first half of his life had been spent with a father who seemed to take pleasure in undermining him—when he wasn’t ignoring him—and with a mother who, when she was around, treated him like a burden. Nate eventually learned to keep his distance, until his father demanded his presence or found some use for him.

Normally he would prolong his father’s request for a meeting, but since he was leaving California early anyway, Nate decided to get their meeting over with. But if he were to be completely honest with himself, Nate would admit that he craved to see her, which was the real reason he wanted to be back in Chicago.

Tonight, however, he wasn’t in the mood for honesty’s company.

She was the one who had given him the ultimatum and suggested they “take a break.” Now she would have to be the one to come to him if she wanted them to be together.

He downed the rest of his drink and ordered another. His pathetic attempt to forget about Mia for just one night was not working. The more he drank, the more he thought about her.

So tonight, he would indulge.

“I won’t be responsible for what happens to you if you keep that up,” Fred Carlson said, staring pointedly at his drink.

Nate turned to his lawyer and longtime family friend with a smirk. “I thought I told you to take the night off, Fred.”

Fred sat on the stool beside him. “I haven’t taken a night off since I started working for you and your father. Why start now?”

Nate grunted. “In that case, have a drink with me.” Nate ordered two shots and slid one to the older man.

When Fred continued to stare at him in a way that made him feel like a defiant little boy, Nate raised his glass in salute and tossed back his drink.

Fred’s graying brows furrowed. “Nate, I’ve known you long enough to know you only drink like this after an argument with your father. But since you’ve been with me all day, there’s something else making you act like an ass.”

Nate turned away from Fred’s concerned face. Fred was the only man in his life that he had been able to count and rely on. At twelve years old, Fred came into his life and showed him what it was like to have someone pay attention to him. He never looked through him or ignored him as his parents had. As Nate grew into manhood with his own dreams and ambitions, Fred became his close friend and advisor, as well as an integral part of helping him establish himself as an angel investor.

Fred understood his need for independence from his father and the “family business,” and with Fred’s help, Nate went on to make some lucrative investments. During this wasted trip, Fred had learned about a technology company that showed promise and could potentially be another profitable opportunity. An informal lunch meeting with the founder of Mercury Horizon was already scheduled for early next week.

But tonight, Nate didn’t want any advisement and he certainly didn’t need Fred to make him feel even more stupid than he already did. Stupid for thinking he could actually be happy.

“Are you and Mia having problems?” Fred asked. “I’ve been with you for two days and you haven’t mentioned her once.”

Nate didn’t want to talk about Mia. He couldn’t remember the last time another woman other than his mother made him feel…abandoned. He was hurt and the alcohol was a soothing, numbing balm.

“Good night, Fred,” he said, reaching for the untouched glass between them.

Fred pulled it away. “It’s a wonder you and Charles don’t get along,” he snapped. “You’re as bullheaded as he is, only more pathetic.”

Nate’s jaw clenched. Fred knew all the right buttons to push. Nate flashed his friend a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “And like him, I pay you for your legal advice. Nothing else. Certainly not for any of your fatherly advice.”

Fred stared at him blankly and said nothing. Nate cursed. Even in his alcohol-induced state, he knew he had crossed the line. Fred and his wife had spent years trying to have a baby until they eventually stopped trying. There had been a time long ago where Nate had secretly wished he’d been Fred’s son. Now, because of his stupidity and careless tongue, he had unintentionally opened old wounds.

“Listen, Fred—”

“No, you listen,” he interrupted. “Want some legal advice? Here it is. Man-up and get over yourself. Whatever it is that’s bothering you, which I’m guessing is your girlfriend, you need to deal with it and quick. Either call her or get over her. Turning into a drunken ass isn’t doing you any favors, and it would be a damn shame to see what little you’ve built up go to shit because you couldn’t practice some self-control.”

Fred got up and slid the shot glass to him, the content sloshing dangerously close to the edge. “And that little legal advice is on the house,” Fred retorted as he walked past him.

Nate looked down at the brown liquid then pushed the glass aside as Fred’s parting words ran through his muddled brain. Fred was right. He had to deal with this or end up drinking himself into a stupor each night.

It had only been two days yet he missed her greatly. A part of him wanted nothing more than to call her, to hear her voice. Mia had been like no other woman he’d dated before. She was sweetness and sass all wrapped into a sexy, feminine frame. Despite her flair for the romantic, which he had found endearing on occasion, she had been his dream girl.

Obviously, what they had wasn’t enough for her though. He should have known she would eventually expect the white dress and diamond ring, but he had hoped she’d be more practical and sensible. They were happier than any married couple he knew of and she knew far more single and divorced people than he did, which should have been enough to show her the insignificance of marriage.

Her irrationality aggravated him. If she thought he’d agree to marriage and enter into the kind of arrangement his parents had been in for thirty years, she would be greatly disappointed.

In a way, it was a good thing that this all had come out now before he had gotten in any deeper than he already was, he reminded himself.

The numbness of the alcohol was wearing off, but he wanted nothing more than to rest his fuzzy, yet crowded, mind.

Nate paid his tab, leaving the still full shot glass untouched. He managed to make it back to his room without faltering, though it took some effort. He and Fred had to be up early for their flight tomorrow, and he would have to think of the apology he owed his friend. But first, he needed to work on burying images of large chocolate brown eyes and soft, full lips to the deepest part of his mind.



Mia bit down her lower lip as she lay on the vinyl clinic bed, wearing nothing but the thin, pink gown the nurse had handed her earlier. She waited for her doctor to probe her with the uncomfortable looking instrument. She looked away and her eyes fell on the illustrated poster of a woman in various stages of her pregnancy. The drawing had an image of what a fetus looked like as it developed each month. The image of the barely developed fetuses, with the underdeveloped features, held her captivated.

Was that how their baby looked right now? She unconsciously placed her hand over her belly. If she had to guess, she would have said she was about six to eight weeks pregnant. It must have happened sometime during the week she and Nate had spent in Galena for his birthday. They had rented a vacation home and sometime during that week, they made this baby. But Mia couldn’t regret that moment. It had been an unforgettable time that had resulted in an unexpected gift.

“This is an ultrasound transducer,” Dr. Erica Ellis explained, drawing her attention back to the long, white narrow device she held. “It’s used for transvaginal ultrasound, which is going to help us determine your due date and make sure everything’s in working order for you and the baby.”

Mia flinched when the doctor inserted the cold object inside her. She looked away, wanting more than anything for Nate to be by her side. Instead, he was two time zones away. Seeing as their relationship was coming to an end, what she wanted didn’t matter. A small part of her had hoped he would realize his mistake and come running back to her. Or at least call. He did neither. It was Thursday, three days since he’d left her apartment, and she was fast losing her illusion that he was interested in having a future with her.

Her throat tightened as sadness washed over her. What should have been a joyful occasion in her life only left her feeling miserable and alone. She had always dreamed of sharing this moment with her husband. To have him hold her hand, smiling with joy as they watched their new baby grow inside her. Instead, at twenty-four, she was facing motherhood on her own. No husband…no Nate. She couldn’t stop the sheen of tears that filled her eyes. Her mother had struggled to raise her and her sister alone and Mia didn’t want the same thing to happen to her.

“Mia? Are you okay?”

Mia nodded, smiling through her tears. “Yes. I think it’s just the hormones.”

Dr. Ellis nodded in understanding. The older, black woman was serene and graceful, her movements unhurried. Her black hair was pulled into a severe bun at her nape, but her smile was relaxed and gentle, which helped ease some of Mia’s discomfort.

“You hear that?” she asked in a whisper. “That’s the baby’s heart beating.”

Mia looked at the black-and-white grainy movement on the screen beside her. She held her breath and listened. At the sound of the soft, pulsing beat, her sadness and misery immediately fell away.

As Dr. Ellis walked her through every little movement, Mia stared at the small life form budding inside her. A life she and Nate had created. Though her heart ached for the man she loved, it also filled with a love so strong, a protection so fierce, it literally took her breath away. She would do whatever she needed to do for this baby.

Thankfully, the invasive exam didn’t take as long as she’d expected and soon Dr. Ellis was done with her probing. Mia sat up, tugging the thin gown down. As she’d suspected, Nate had gotten her pregnant during their week together in Galena. She was about eight weeks pregnant and if everything went well, she would be holding her baby in her arms in January.

“You and the baby both seem to be in good health,” Dr. Ellis began. “But the first trimester can be the most vulnerable for new mothers so I want you to be careful.” The doctor ran off a list of foods and exercises she would need to begin doing, then handed her a list of recommended prenatal vitamins. “If you have any questions, call me. Even if you only start to worry or wonder about something, just call me.”

Mia nodded, but after registering Dr. Ellis’ words, anxiety started to plant itself in her. Scenarios of all the things that could go wrong invaded her thoughts, and they all scared her.

Dr. Ellis must have sensed her fear because she patted her shoulder reassuringly. “I’m sure everything will be fine. You’re young and healthy. And you have a great doctor,” she said with a wink.

Mia returned her smile but it was halfhearted as the reality of her situation came crashing down on her. She was alone in this city and about to raise a baby on her own. Her only family, which consisted of her mother and little sister, were states away, and in no position to help her. She didn’t even think she would be able to continue working for Charles McArthur, yet she couldn’t afford to leave her job, not now. And then there were her classes… A dull headache began to form and she closed her suddenly teary eyes.

“It’s too early to tell the sex,” Dr. Ellis said, trying to distract her. “But around your twelfth to fourteenth week, you should be able to know.”

“So I have to wait another month to find out,” Mia said, a little dejected.

Dr. Ellis laughed. “Believe me, the time will fly,” she said. “Are you hoping for a boy or girl?”

Mia thought about it for a moment and realized it didn’t make a difference to her. She was already fiercely in love with her baby.

“No, not really,” Mia replied. “But I did grow up with a family of women so I wouldn’t mind a little boy.”

“You may change your mind,” Dr. Ellis said with a grin. “I have three of my own and with my husband, it’s a wonder I haven’t pulled all my hair out.”

Mia laughed. “My mother just had me and my sister and she would sometimes say the same thing.”

“Hmm, then we might be looking at your little girl. I grew up with three older brothers and I sometimes wonder if my fourth child would have been a girl. But I’m not willing to take the chance of having to raise another little monster.”

They both laughed.

“Do you have any names picked out yet?” Dr. Ellis asked.

Mia nodded, a soft smile on her lips. She spent years thinking of her future family and had baby names picked out as far back as she could remember. “If it’s a girl, I was thinking of My-ee-ah but spelled M-A-I-A. That’s the name my mother originally wanted for me but supposedly the nurses got it wrong on the birth certificate.”

“Maia?” Dr. Ellis repeated, testing out the name. “Very pretty. And if it’s a boy?”

A boy that looked like Nate? Her heart lurched at the thought.

“I always liked the name Michael,” she admitted dreamily, already imagining a soft, creamy brown faced baby boy with dark wavy hair. Or would it be curly? Mia shook her head, laughing at herself. Those little details didn’t matter. She just couldn’t wait to hold her baby in her arms.





3





It was finally Friday and Mia was grateful the long, hellish week had finally come to an end. It had been her most frustrating, draining week by far. The past few days, she had found it hard to concentrate, even on the simplest of tasks, and making the most ridiculous mistakes, which Charles McArthur was not shy about pointing out to her. She nearly ruined his international travel plans for next week. There was an important summit happening in Belgium next week and he was supposed to arrive there next Tuesday. Instead, his flight itinerary had read he would be arriving in Chicago that day.

Mia was grateful the travel agency had called to confirm, which had given her plenty of time to fix her colossal screw-up. In the two years she’d worked for Charles, she’d made it a point to be extremely careful around him. He was a shrewd man who demanded excellence and Mia always tried to meet his expectations.

It didn’t help that her boss regularly reminded her of Nate. Just working with him, having to look at him every day, made her heart twist. Charles’ features were older, more mature, and his dark hair was peppered with grays, but the resemblance between him and his son was unmistakable. Only Nate’s eyes were less shrewd and his jaw was less blunt. That, however, didn’t excuse her carelessness and Mia wasn’t surprised when an impatient Charles eventually voiced his irritation.

“Mia, what happened to my four o’clock?” he asked, hovering above her as she stared into her computer monitor. “I asked you to set that up two days ago.”

Mia scanned over her calendar, which toggled his, searching for the meeting she could have sworn she’d set up the night before. “I’m sorry,” she stammered. “It should be here…”

“Well, it’s not or else I wouldn’t be asking. Now, did you schedule it or not?”

“I-I can’t seem to find it,” she replied helplessly. Then she found it and the breath was wrenched out of her chest. She had scheduled the meeting for the following Friday. This was the third time this week she had misscheduled something. Only those other meetings hadn’t been quite so urgent. If Charles’ patience with her hadn’t already reached its breaking point, it would now.

“Mr. McArthur, I’m sorry, but I just realized I have it scheduled for next Friday. I’ll send out a new invite now.” Though it would be a challenge getting anyone to a meeting a couple of hours before it was supposed to begin.

Charles let out a heavy sigh, his lips pressed firmly together. “This meeting is very urgent, and I need to have it today.”

“Yes, of course. I’ll start calling everyone on the list now.”

Unfortunately, Mia hit a roadblock. They were either not available, had other urgent meetings that conflicted, or had already left the office for the day. She called up other executive assistants and there was no room on anyone’s schedule to work around. Even Charles’ calendar was booked until six that evening.

If he expected her to pull a miracle, he was in for a disappointment. The earliest she could get his meeting scheduled was first thing Monday morning. Something he would not be happy about.

She stood in his office explaining that to him but, by the end, Mia couldn’t muster the energy she needed to care. Getting coffee, scheduling meetings, and booking travels were trivial compared to the issues swarming in her mind as of late.

“I invited my son to this meeting,” Charles said, displeasure evident on his weathered face, “but seeing as it’s not going to happen, you’ll need to call and tell him it’s been rescheduled.”

Mia froze as the bottom dropped in her stomach. She didn’t want to call Nate. She didn’t think she could force professional indifference in her tone. Not when she missed him so much.

But she didn’t need to.

To both their surprise, Nate walked into his father’s office just as she was thinking of an excuse to give Charles as to why she wouldn’t be able to make the call.

She turned at the sound of his confident steps as he strode into his father’s office. They stared at each other and at that moment, she forgot all about her boss.

Nate came to a sudden stop, but his expression softened as he stared down at her. Her heart tingled and she exhaled, her lips parted slightly. He always looked good in a suit. Seeing him again made her acutely aware of how much she still loved and missed him. She wanted to go to him, but held back. Not because of their one-man audience, but because she wanted him to come to her.

Pride was a traitorous snake. Even as it offered a small sense of righteous comfort, it camouflaged a person’s true desires only to later strike the heart with poisonous despair and loneliness.

It was easier to uphold that pride when she wasn’t steps away from him. He started toward her, his eyes bright and intense. She inhaled sharply. Before he could reach her, Charles’ hard tone stopped him.

“Nathan, you’re early.”

Nate held her gaze for a moment longer before he turned to his father. “I thought you’d appreciate that.”

Charles looked from her to his son, then back at her. His hard stare bore into hers and she had to glance away. Was she wearing her heart on her sleeve? Could Charles see that she was? She hoped not.

“There’s been a slip-up so the meeting’s been rescheduled,” Charles said curtly. “But since you’re here, I might as well debrief you. Mia, be sure to add Nate to the meeting on Monday.”

She couldn’t yet find her voice so she nodded, not looking at either man. It was vain of her, but she suddenly wished she had worn something more alluring than the plain black skirt and light pink top. She jotted down the reminder in her notepad just to keep her fingers busy, but couldn’t even read what she wrote.

“I also want you to send out a memo to everyone on that meeting list.” Charles gave her the message and Mia tried her best to capture the essentials, but she could barely concentrate. Nate’s eyes hadn’t moved away from her. Even as she jotted her notes down, she could feel them on her.

“Did you get all that?” Charles asked, breaking the invisible chain that kept her attention wholly bound to Nate’s very presence.

Mia nodded.

Charles regarded her intensely. “Then repeat back what I just said.”

Mia’s mind went blank. Humiliated by his request, she looked down at her notepad, trying to make sense of her writing.

“She’s got it,” Nate cut in, his tone hard. “Now let her get back to work.”

Mia glanced over at him, surprised but grateful to him for coming to her defense. She was used to Charles’ condescending barbs, and any other time she could have handled it, but not today. Not in front of Nate.

Charles shot his son a hard glare then let out a sigh heavy with exasperation. “Just make sure the meeting is on everyone’s calendars and the memo goes out tonight.”

Mia cleared her throat. “Yes, of course.” She turned to leave. Nate’s eyes followed her every step toward the door. Those few steps felt never-ending, but eventually she was out of her boss’ office—and away from those piercing eyes. She sat at her desk and tried to ease the trembling in her stomach.

It took a few minutes, but the quivering eventually passed. She glanced at Charles’ closed door. She didn’t want to miss Nate leaving, but she was called away from her desk and when she returned, she found Charles’ office door open and both men gone. Her shoulders slumped and she went back to her desk, trying to overcome her budding disappointment.

But her disappointment swiftly turned into alarm when she received a call from human resources. They needed to meet with her right away. Mia took a steadying breath that did nothing to relieve her anxiety.

This can’t be good.

And it wasn’t.

At five o’clock that Friday, she was fired from McArthur, Murphy and Company.



“Mia, how could you let this happen?”

Mia held on to her patience as she sat beside her mother on the worn leather couch. With her feet tucked beneath her, she listened half-heartedly to her mother’s words, wondering if she made the right decision by coming to Detroit this weekend.

I can’t help that Charles McArthur is a bastard, she wanted to inform her mother. The disgraceful manner in which Charles had her terminated made her want to cry, punch, and vomit, all at the same time. He hadn’t even had the decency to fire her himself. It was his company. If he didn’t want her, he could have at least told her himself and spared her the humiliation of hearing from HR that her ability to fulfill her job requirements was not measuring up to the company’s expectations. If their expectations were machine-like perfection, then she certainly didn’t fit in.

“Mama, I’ll find something else,” Mia said, realizing she wouldn’t get the comfort or backing she had hoped to get from her mother. Yvette Trent was too busy lecturing her on life and responsibilities. “MMC is not the only company in Chicago and I’m sure I’ll find something better. A place that respects and cares about their employees.”

Her mother huffed. “What have I always told you, huh? When you work for other people, they don’t care about your problems or your feelings. They’re running a business and you need to show them that you mean business.”

Mia sighed. She wouldn’t argue with her mother because no matter what she said, her mother would never understand. She believed working to support herself and her family was the most important thing in life. Though her mother didn’t argue with her decision to go to law school, she would have preferred it if Mia had used her political science degree to find a steady job with a lucrative retirement package.

“So what are you gonna do now?” her mother asked. “Have you started looking for work?”

“Well, I was fired yesterday,” Mia said, unable to keep the exasperation from her voice. “So, no.” Then she glanced away and stared down at her hands. “But they offered me a severance package,” she lied. “So I can afford to take a few days off.”

Lying wasn’t something Mia liked doing, but she didn’t want her mother to worry. Yvette wasn’t making much from the health clinic where she worked, but she would still feel compelled to lend her financial support.

“Why do you need time off?” her mother asked, incredulously. “You’ll have plenty of that if you don’t start looking right now. A job isn’t gonna just land on your lap,” she added, breaking into a fit of coughing.

Mia looked over at her mother with concern. “Mama, that cough doesn’t sound good. Have you been to the doctor?”

“It’s nothing,” she said, shaking her head. “Just a little phlegm. Don’t worry about me.”

But Mia was worried. It had been three years since her mother had been diagnosed with the rare lung disease, pulmonary sarcoidosis. It hadn’t seemed fair. Her mother wasn’t a smoker and made a point not to be around smokers, but the doctors had stated there wasn’t a known cause for that type of lung disease. Unfortunately, her mother’s case also happened to be one of the rare, severe ones. Mia had done some research of her own and found that there was no real cure or treatment for the lung disease. Though her mother had successfully completed her therapy and the disease had gone into remission, Mia still worried every time her mother had the slightest cough.

Mia made a mental note to get her mother a doctor’s appointment. The disease could possibly flare back up at any moment, and that terrified her.

“Don’t look at me like that,” her mother said. “I’m fine. What I’m more concerned about is you in that city, by yourself, without a job.”

Mia shifted on the couch, drawing her legs closer to her. “Please don’t worry about that, Mama,” she countered. “It was for the best.”

Mia had to believe that or let the thought of her sudden unemployment overwhelm her. Some time off would help ease her mind of all her recent stressors as of late, she repeated to herself. She would find something. She just had to stay positive. Before she embarked on the dreaded job search, however, she wanted to break the news to her mother—in person—that she would soon become a grandmother. She imagined her mother’s disappointment, but soon it wouldn’t be something she could hide. Even now, she was struggling to calm her queasy belly.

By dinner, it was getting harder for her to hide her nausea. And every time her stomach churned, she thought of Nate. She had half expected to hear from him after yesterday, hoping he would reach out to her, but nothing. Her heart broke a little bit more with each passing day. She wondered if she had imagined the longing she read in his eyes when they’d been in his father’s office.

She didn’t have time to wallow in self-pity though. She had to come to terms with the fact Nate wouldn’t be holding her hand at doctor appointments. She wasn’t going to get the husband, the house, or the white picket fence. The sooner she accepted that, the better off she’d be.

“Mia, why aren’t you eating?” her mother asked.

Mia looked up from her plate and into her mother’s concerned face. Curry chicken was her favorite, but just the smell of the spicy sweet sauce upset her stomach. Mia had to ask her mother to brew some of her special ginger tea, but that didn’t seem to be helping her. She was starting to realize part of her upset stomach was largely due to her nerves. She was waiting for the right time to tell her mother about her condition.

“Mama, Mia’s not into eating curry chicken anymore,” Leah said, smirking. “She’s into shrimp or sushi or whatever it is that rich boyfriend of hers takes her to.”

Mia ignored her little sister, who thrived on trying to get a reaction from her. Though Leah was a few inches taller than her, they resembled each other in the looks department. Their personalities, however, were as different as the sun and the moon.

“I’m just not that hungry right now,” Mia said to her mother. She managed to swallow a few bites of her dinner to appease her until her mother brought him up.

“So how’s Nate? You haven’t mentioned him much lately.”

“He’s fine,” Mia muttered, concentrating on the food on her plate. Just the sound of his name brought on a wave of intense emotion. Her mother had never met Nate, but she had spoken to him over the phone a few times, the first time when she had been stuck in Chicago during the holidays. Nate had been charming and courteous. Her mother had taken a liking to him instantly.

Mia didn’t want to think about the time when the snowstorm had prevented her from traveling to Detroit to spend Christmas with her mom and sister. Since she had been stranded in Chicago, Nate spent the holiday with her as the storm raged outside. It was easy to forget the rest of the world as they stayed trapped in her small, warm apartment. That night she had given him her virginity and it had felt right.

Her sister, however, had met Nate when she’d come up for a few days in March for a modeling agency casting call. Her sister had been embarrassingly obnoxious toward him during their one dinner out together, but Nate took it all in stride, exuding the patience of someone dealing with a troublesome kid.

Mia ate enough to satisfy her mother, then got up to clear the table.

“Leah, help your sister.”

Her sister huffed loudly and ungracefully rose from the table. Mia was packing the leftovers into the fridge when her sister dumped the dirty dishes into the sink.

“I helped cook so you have to do the dishes.”

“Whatever, Leah,” Mia said over her shoulder. She had hoped at twenty, her sister would have gotten a little less selfish and aggravating but that didn’t seem to be the case.

“Cool,” her sister said triumphantly. “Where’s your cell? I’m out of minutes.”

Mia sighed. She didn’t want her little sister going through her phone, but she had learned years ago that, when it came to Leah, it was best to pick her battles.

“It needs to charge.” Mia had made the long drive only to have her phone die on her when she got into Detroit.

“Okay,” her sister said with a shrug. “I’ll charge it for you. Where is it?”

“In my purse,” Mia said absently. “But it’s dead,” she yelled out when her sister rushed out of the kitchen.

Mia was busy scrubbing and rinsing, she didn’t notice when her sister returned to the kitchen until she leaned against the counter next to her. Mia glanced over at her and asked, “Did you find it?”

“Yeah,” she said. “And I found these too.”

Gripped in her sister’s palm were Mia’s prenatal vitamins and the pamphlet she had taken from Dr. Ellis’ office. Mia dropped the ceramic plate into the sink and grabbed for the items her sister held. Leah snatched them back.

“Give those to me,” Mia said in a tight whisper as she advanced toward her sister. Her anger intensified at the mischievous smile on Leah’s face. Her sister pulled the mini booklet back and read the front cover.

“Pregnancy. How to keep you and your baby healthy and happy.” Leah looked over at her, wide-eyed. Her sister’s smirk was one of shocked amusement. “You can’t be… Are you…Oh wow, this is just too good! Little Miss Goody-goody here is having a baby!”

“Shut up!” Mia rushed to her sister, wrestling the items from her tight grasp.

Their mother burst into the kitchen. They immediately pulled away. “What is going on in here? Mia, turn off that faucet. Now what the hell is wrong with you two?”

“Nothing, Mama,” Leah said, grinning. “Mia was just about to tell you that you’re gonna be a grandma.”

Silence filled the kitchen as her mother and sister stared at her.

Mia leaned against the sink, the air rushing out of her. She looked at her sister, too astonished to speak. Leah shrugged. They had never been close. Their personalities had just been too different for them to ever be as close as she would have liked, but Mia never expected such vindictiveness from her sister.

Instead of the disappointment she had expected to see on her mother’s face, there was a sort of stunned disbelief. At her mother’s dazed, unwavering stare, Mia glanced away, her shoulders slumped. At least now her secret was out.

“Mia, is that true?”

Mia closed her eyes, wanting to be anywhere but there at that moment. “Yes.”

Her mother said nothing, but Leah wasn’t quite finished with her persecution.

“Can you believe this, Mama,” she said, breaking the thick silence. “All this time—”

“You can go now, Leah.”

“But Ma—”

“I said go.”

Leah dropped the medicine bottle and pamphlet on the counter and stormed out of the kitchen.

Once alone, her mother filled a pot with hot water and walked to the stove.

“I was going to tell you myself,” Mia finally said. “That’s why I came home. I wanted to tell you in person.”

Her mother gave no indication she heard her. Instead, she concentrated on peeling and crushing the large ginger root.

“Mama, say something.”

Her mother dropped the contents into the boiling pot before turning to face her. “Mia, what I have to say doesn’t matter. What I think doesn’t matter either. What matters now is that baby you’re carrying.”

Mia looked down at her hands. “You’re disappointed, aren’t you?”

Her mother sighed. “I would be lying if I said I wasn’t. But I was in your situation at your age. My only hope was that you and Leah wouldn’t follow in my footsteps.”

Tears blurred Mia’s vision. “I didn’t mean for this to happen.”

Her mother’s eyes softened and she pulled Mia into a gentle hug. “I know, baby. But now, your life isn’t yours anymore. Everything you do from now on has to be for that baby.”

Mia knew that but having her mother say it gave it a finality that scared her.

Her mother went to the cabinet and took down two mugs. “When is the baby due?”

“January.” Mia watched as her mother poured the pale yellow liquid into them. Mia took the small, steaming cup her mother handed her and sat down at the small kitchen table. She cradled the warm mug, the heat soothing her cold, stiff fingers.

“So what’s your plan?” her mother finally asked, sliding into the seat across from her.

Mia looked up. “What do you mean? I plan to raise it, of course.”

Her mother’s dark brown eyes turned gentle. “I can see that. But how? You just lost your job and you’re so far away from us.”

Those facts had already occupied Mia’s waking thoughts. They were a few of the many issues that kept her up at night. But her mother raised her and Leah on her own and Mia could do it too. Just because she didn’t want to do it alone didn’t mean she couldn’t.

“You did it on your own,” Mia said. “So can I.”

Her mother shook her head. “I did it on my own because I had no choice. I don’t want to see you struggle like I did. Not when you don’t have to.”

Mia looked up at her mother, lost. “What should I do?” she asked softly.

“Does Nate know?”

Mia looked down at her steaming mug. “No.”

“Why not?”

“It’s…complicated.”

“Only because you’re making it so,” her mother said with a heavy sigh. “I know you love him.”

Mia nodded, too emotional to speak. Her mother grabbed her hand and squeezed it.

“I could tell from the beginning, just by the way you talked about him,” her mother said. “And I was really hoping you wouldn’t get hurt, but men will be men, and you can’t love a man more than he loves you. He has to love you more, Mia, or else you end up with your heart broken.”

Tears began to flow down her cheeks. That’s where Mia had made her mistake. She loved him so much and had fooled herself into thinking he felt the same way.

“I don’t know why you’ve decided to keep this from him, but you didn’t make this baby by yourself. The best thing you can do is tell him and see whether or not he mans-up and takes responsibility.”

“And what if he doesn’t? He already told me he doesn’t want kids.”

Her mother pursed her lips. “Then he should’ve thought about that before he stuck his penis in you.”

Mia’s cheeks burned with embarrassment. Her mother’s words painted a vivid image in her mind that made her want to find a box to hide in. Then take that box and bury it in a deep, dark closet.

“I’ve told you before,” her mother continued. “You can’t turn a cockroach into a prince. No matter how rich or poor, how educated or whatever, men cannot be trusted.”

Her mother had indeed pounded that into her head. Not that her mother hated men, she just didn’t trust them. Mia didn’t remember much about her father. He had walked out on them a little after Leah was born and the burden fell upon their mother to become their sole provider. There were times Yvette Trent worked two, sometimes three, jobs to keep them comfortable. She couldn’t remember if her mother ever even dated. She had simply worked and taken care of her two daughters with a strictness she deemed necessary for their own well-being.

But Mia had listened with one ear open. She had held on tight to her belief that true love still existed and truly believed she would find it someday. Now look at me. Maybe Nate was right. It was time she got her head out of the clouds.

“If it doesn’t work out,” her mother said after a while. “Then you should think about moving back here.”

Her mother’s words gave her pause. She certainly didn’t want to raise her child on her own, but she didn’t want to become a burden on her mother either.

Her mother must have sensed her hesitation because she added before Mia could say anything, “I would sleep so much better knowing you weren’t alone,” her mother said. “With me and Leah here, you wouldn’t be. It’s either that or I’m moving to Chicago,” she added briskly.

Tears clouded Mia’s vision again and she didn’t know why. She laughed at her erratic emotions. Maybe they were tears of joy, but either way, she was happy and relieved to have her mother’s support. “Okay,” Mia said, her voice thick with emotion. “I’ll think about it.”

But Mia didn’t have much to think about when she got back to her apartment. A pile of bills, ranging from utilities to medical, crowded her center table. She had forestalled her job search, wanting to finish out the semester, but now that classes were over, her bills were piling up and she didn’t even know where to begin.

Nate had made his point loud and clear. Two weeks had passed and still no word from him. It hurt, but Mia refused to let his callous attitude discourage her. She was prepared to raise her child as best she could, with or without him. She would have to put school on pause, which she didn’t want to do, but her baby came first. She fully intended to go back once her baby was born.

She had weighed her options seriously, but it all led to one definitive decision. With Nate keeping his distance, and no job for her to get to, there was nothing tying her here. She would return home to raise her baby. She would miss Chicago as it had been her home these past six years, but she wasn’t prepared to do this on her own and she had more than herself to think about now.

Mia placed her hand over her belly and felt the firmness there. A fierce protectiveness overcame her. The reality that she was now responsible for another life changed everything. What she wanted didn’t factor anymore.





4





He needed to see her.

It had been about two weeks, and Nate didn’t think he could hold out any longer. He didn’t care that she hadn’t called first. He just wanted to see her. Now that he was back from his fool’s errand—the global summit his father insisted he attend—Nate was eager to get to the office.

When he arrived at McArthur, Murphy and Company, however, he was disappointed to find an older woman sitting behind the executive assistant’s desk. Nate strode into his father’s office and asked without preamble, “Where’s Mia?”

Charles looked up from the document he was reading. “Welcome back. How was your trip?”

Nate walked up to his desk but didn’t respond. Charles laid down the papers and leaned back in his chair. “Stop glowering at me and have a seat, Nathan.”

Nate fell into the seat nearest him. “Where’s Mia?” he asked again.

Charles raised a brow. “You seem awfully concerned about my former assistant.”

Former? Nate stared levelly at his father. So he knew. Now Nate understood why his father had sent him to a summit that had been more of a glorified networking event. Nate hadn’t gleaned anything resourceful for MMC.

“Did you fire her?” Nate asked, his tone devoid of emotion.

Charles cocked his head to the side and regarded him closely. “I don’t know what you and Mia had going on here, and frankly I don’t care, but you could do a lot better than a barely competent executive assistant.”

Nate’s jaw clenched. Charles McArthur was an unbelievable snob. He looked down his nose at anyone who didn’t fit into his social circle, but Nate had made certain no one at MMC knew about his relationship with Mia, particularly not his father. It had been more for her protection than his. If he hadn’t expected his father to make things more difficult for her, he wouldn’t have cared who knew about them.

Charles, however, had done more than make things difficult for her. He’d fired her for his own personal reasons. The company may have filed it as a lack of competence or whatever, but Nate knew it had been largely out of spite on his father’s part. Nate hadn’t missed the look his father had given them when she’d last been in here and he hadn’t been able to tear his eyes away from her. She had been only a heartbeat away from him. Nothing had ever been more difficult than for him to hide his reaction behind his usually cool indifference and not reach for her.

“Anyway, I suggest you get her out of your system,” his father continued. “She’s gone now, and I don’t need you distracted.”

Nate’s eyes flared. His father was the last person who should suggest anything to him about relationships. His marriage alone was a living disaster. “It’s none of your business who I’m seeing,” Nate replied coldly. “And if you fired her because of this—”

Charles raised a brow. “You’ll do what, Nathan?”

Nate fixed him with a hard glare. “I’ll make damn sure she sues the hell out of this place.”

Charles let out a harsh laugh. “Well, you can rest assured that I have enough to prove her incompetent. And besides, it wouldn’t be in your best interest to have a lawsuit on your hands.”

“What the hell are you talking about?” Nate asked, frowning.

Charles glare was sharp. “You will refrain from talking to me with such disrespect, Nathan. Like it or not, I am your father.”

Nate gritted his teeth. Not much of one. But arguing with him would be a waste so Nate left the words unsaid. His father had spent part of his life ignoring him until he’d eventually found a use for him. It was after he’d finished business school that his father started paying attention to him and pulling him into MMC business affairs. Nate, however, liked to keep his involvement minimal. He wanted little to do with his father’s company and there was an inherent determination in him to prove he could set out on his own.

His father rose from his seat and stood staring out the large windows. “It’s time you take your place on the board, Nathan,” he began. “I’ve allowed you to ignore your responsibilities long enough.”

“I don’t think so, father.” Nate said with finality. “We’ve already had this discussion before. I’ll step in as needed, but I’m not going to be stuck behind a desk working for you or anyone else.”

Charles turned to face him and the irritation was plain in his eyes. It was a look Nate was all too familiar with, but he refused to back down. Taking over his father’s company was not a part of his career plan. “You’re a McArthur. You wouldn’t have to work for anyone but you would work with me so I can groom you in running a real company.”

Nate clenched his teeth at the barb. “Whether my business measures up to your standards or not, doesn’t change the fact that I have my own responsibilities there. I don’t have the time or the interest to be here full-time.”

His father observed him, his eyes curious. “Why not?” he asked. “I’ve seen you at work and there’s a shrewdness and competitiveness in you that reminds me so much of myself when I was your age. You’re a natural leader, Nathan. Your little investment company, though impressive, is just a hobby. You’re meant to run a company like MMC.”

Nate was stunned, though he wasn’t sure if it was more from what his father said or because he had said it so matter-of-factly. Though it had been a throwaway line, Charles had never given him praise, indirect or otherwise, and Nate didn’t know how to respond. His irritating tendency to impress his father, however, was already swaying him to do what he had set out never to do.

“If I agree to do this,” Nate said carefully. “You’ll have to give Mia her job back.” When his father didn’t respond to the stipulation, Nate added, “If you want me, you’ll have to accept her. That’s the only way you’ll get me here.”

A cross between admiration and annoyance flashed in his father’s eyes, but Nate didn’t particularly care. He was going to be with Mia, this time openly, and his father would just have to accept that. But first, Nate wanted to make sure he righted his father’s wrong. Though Mia had never told him, he knew she didn’t particularly enjoy working for his father but because she was putting herself through law school, she needed the job.

“Negotiating with your own father?” he finally said. “I knew you were a natural.”

Nate said nothing as he regarded his father, unwavering.

Charles sighed and walked back to his desk. He picked up the documents he’d been reading earlier and said without looking up, “Fine, but find someplace simple to put her. Maybe the front desk could use another receptionist.”

Nate gritted his teeth. Mia was smart and driven and it was obvious his father hadn’t taken advantage of that. “She was too good for you,” Nate blurted. As soon as those words left his mouth, the same thought echoed back at him. She’s too good for you, too.

Nate shook away the thought and without another word, slammed out of his father’s office, not wanting to acknowledge there may be some truth in that thought.

He drove until he eventually found himself standing outside her apartment door. The desire to see her was magnetic. He hesitated for the briefest of seconds before he gave the door two hard knocks.

A moment passed before she called out through the door, “Coming.” Another second and the door swung open. Too much time had passed since he last saw her and he wasn’t prepared for the relief and pleasure that filled him just by being near her again.

But the smile she had on her beautiful lips fell. Large, slanted dark eyes stared up at him and he couldn’t look away. With her hair pulled back in a messy ponytail, and her smooth, brown skin clear of makeup, she was still breathtaking. Only she could make cut-off shorts, fuzzy slippers, and an oversized sweatshirt look sexy.

“Hi.”

“Hi,” she whispered back.

He wanted to touch her but wasn’t sure how welcoming she would be to that. “What are you doing here?” she asked after a short pause.

Nate hadn’t planned what he would say when he saw her. He had hoped that, by him making the first move, she would see how much he wanted to be with her. Instead she kept herself guarded, so unlike the carefree, open book she usually was.

“You have your job back at MMC,” he said without thinking.

She looked at him puzzled, then shook her head, frowning. “No thanks. I would rather eat snakes then work for your father again.”

“You wouldn’t work for him. I’ll find someplace better fitting for you to work in.”

“No thanks,” she said with finality.

Nate looked at her curiously. “So you’ve already found something else?”

She stared at him, her eyes direct. “Nate, why are you really here?”

He ran his hand through his hair, letting the subject drop. If she didn’t want the job, he wouldn’t force it on her. “May I come in?” he asked softly.

She hesitated, her eyes somber as if he’d posed her with a grim question, but then she stepped back so he could enter. She glanced out to the hall before shutting the door.

“Were you expecting someone else?” He couldn’t keep the hard edge out of his voice.

She nodded, walking around him. “My neighbor from 6C is supposed to bring me down some tape.”

Nate suddenly noticed the boxes and newspapers scattered around the apartment. “What’s up with these?”

“I’m moving.”

Nate surveyed the apartment. The place was small, but he had always found it cozy. Now, with all her things scattered around, the apartment appeared smaller and crowded. Maybe a bigger place wouldn’t be so bad.

“Where to?” he asked, trying for light conversation and avoiding the one they actually needed to have.

She cocked her head to the side. “Do you really care?”

Nate sighed. “Okay, I deserved that,” he said, running his hand through his hair again. “I was an ass that night. I’m sorry.”

She was silent for a moment then nodded. “I’m sorry you were an ass too.” Her soft smile, however, took away some of the sting from her words.

“I’ve missed you,” he blurted.

Her eyes softened. “I’ve missed you, too.”

Her words gave him hope as a renewed sense of joy surged through him. “You know, I’ve been thinking about you,” he began. “About us. About hitting the reset button and having us start over.”

Her eyes glistened. “Do you really mean that?”

Nate couldn’t stand it anymore. He walked up to her and trailed a finger along her jaw. Her skin was warm and smooth beneath the pads of his thumb. “Yeah,” he murmured. “Being without you has been hell.”

He leaned down and captured her lips for a light, tender kiss. He meant for it to be brief, but the taste of her was intoxicating. She was like sweet nectar and he couldn’t get enough. He was hard and hungry for her. He moved his hands down her waist and pulled her solidly to him, deepening the kiss. He tightened his hold as her slight tremors fueled his desire.

She brought her hands up to his chest, but to his great frustration, she pushed away from him and took a step back. “Nate, wait,” she murmured thickly. “I have something to tell you first.”

Nate frowned, trying to clear the fog of desire that clouded his mind. Her tone said it was serious and his back went rigid. It was the same tone she had the night she suggested they “take a break.”

“What is it?”

Before she could continue, a loud knock came at the door. She rushed past him to answer it. From where he stood he could see a tall, black man at the door.

“Thanks, James. I’ll bring back what’s left when I’m done.”

“Keep it,” the guy said with a crooked smile. “You won’t let me take you to dinner, so this is the least I can do.”

Nate walked up to the door, wanting to get a better look at this James who was boldly flirting with his girl. He also wanted James to get a good look at him in case he got any more ideas for dinner.

Nate stood directly behind Mia and the man glanced up at him over her shoulder. He lost his lopsided grin.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t know you had company.”

Mia turned to follow the man’s gaze and bumped into him. She let out a startled “oh,” then made quick introductions.

“Hey,” James said in acknowledgment.

Nate greeted him in kind. After a brief, awkward silence, James turned back to Mia.

“Well, I better run. But keep the tape,” he said with a wink. “Hopefully, I won’t need to move again for a while. Just let me know if you need anything else,” he added.

Nate’s jaw clenched. This guy was annoying the hell out of him.

“Thanks,” Mia said. “I think I’m all set.” She shut the door and turned back to him. “Did you have to make that awkward?”

“Is he the reason you haven’t called me?” Nate asked drily.

Mia rolled her eyes and headed back into the living room. She placed the bag James handed her on the table, then turned to study him, her expression stoic. “You made your choice, Nate. You left and stayed away so you can’t come here with your jealous boyfriend routine. You don’t have that right.”

Nate looked at her steadily. “Don’t I? You wanted a break so I gave you your space. I did call you last weekend, though, before I left for Belgium, but when you didn’t answer…” He shrugged. When she hadn’t answered, he figured he must have misread her response to him in his father’s office.

She paused for a moment, a slight frown furrowing her brow. “I went to visit my mother last weekend and my phone died during the drive. You must have called then.”

Nate’s shoulders relaxed slightly. She hadn’t been avoiding him.

“Anyway, James actually works at MMC and dinner was going to be his way of thanking me for helping him find his apartment. But as I told him, tape will do. He’s not your competition,” she added quietly. She turned away from him and began rustling through the bag.

Nate walked up behind her and pulled her into his arms. Her light, sweet scent tickled his nose. “I’m sorry I wasn’t nice to your friend,” he whispered into her ear. She hesitated for a just heartbeat, then leaned back against him, her hands resting over his crossed arms. He placed a quick kiss on the side of her neck. It felt good to just hold her in his arms again.

But holding her wasn’t all he wanted to do. He placed his hand under her sweatshirt and began inching it up.

“Nate,” she started, grabbing his hand, “before we hit the reset button, I have something I need to tell you.”

Nate groaned and pulled away from her. “Why do I have a feeling it’s nothing good?”

Mia turned to face him, a small smile on her lips. “Actually, I think it’s wonderful.” But the look on her face, the nervous tugging on her sleeve told him otherwise.

Nate braced himself. “Okay, let’s hear it.”

She hesitated, looking up at him with an odd expression on her face. Then she let out a deep sigh and her words spilled out in a long-winded rush.

“Nate, you know I love you, and even though you’ve never repeated the words back, I wouldn’t take them back. I’m actually glad you haven’t because I wouldn’t want you to parrot the words back to me if you’re not ready to say them. But even though I love you and always will, I need to know if you want me enough, if you care for me enough, to want a family.”

The muscles in his chest tightened as agitation and annoyance overwhelmed him. “Not this again,” he muttered sharply. “Why do you have to back me into a corner, huh? I care about you. I want you. Why can’t that be enough for now?”

She shook her head, looking away, her eyes bright, but guarded. “Because it can’t.”

A long and painful silence stretched between them. He didn’t know about love. Hell, he wasn’t sure he could love anyone. He never said those words to anyone, not even to his parents. But he did know that he wanted her, wanted her more than he had ever wanted anything.

Yet, what he wanted and what she expected were too far apart for them to find a common ground. And he wasn’t going to make promises he wasn’t prepared to keep.

“So that’s it?” he snapped. “I either marry you, have some kids, or we’re over?”

She stood there with her arms wrapped tightly around her center, saying nothing. Nate cursed.

“If I walk out of here,” he bit out, “I won’t come back.” Yet the thought of being without her, never seeing her again, was almost unbearable.

“I won’t expect you to,” she murmured.

His frustration and resentment boiled over. Without thinking, he grabbed her and kissed her hard. The contact was short and thoroughly unsatisfying. He immediately released her, not sure why he had done it and disgusted with himself for letting his anger push him into doing it.

She took a step back, brushing her fingers lightly over her lips, a stunned expression in her wide, hurt eyes. He felt like shit. But all his regret and frustration didn’t change anything. It was time he stopped chasing after her like some lost puppy.

The tightening in his chest was still there and he let out a heavy breath. “I hope you find your fairytale ending,” he muttered bitterly.

She briefly closed her eyes and when she opened them, they were filled with such intense sadness he almost couldn’t stand it.

“And I hope you find someone to love.”

Nate tensed, but her eyes held no maliciousness or spite. Just a pain and hurt that he was sure mirrored his own.





THEIR COMPROMISE





5





Five years later…



“Mikey, baby, it’s time to eat.”

Mia placed the small bowl of macaroni and cheese on the table as her son came running into the kitchen. He rushed to the table and with bright chocolate brown eyes, peered into his favorite orange bowl.

“Mommy, I said I wanted Cheetos.”

“Not tonight.”

Mikey pouted his small, round face. “Why come?”

“Because I said so,” Mia answered, heading to the fridge. “Now, apple or grape?”

“Grape!” he exclaimed, climbing up to his seat.

Mia brought the carton of grape juice to the table and filled his green plastic straw cup. She also filled the two tall cups on the table.

“Where’s your auntie?” Mia asked.

Mikey shrugged his small shoulders as he stuffed a spoonful of macaroni into his mouth. Some made it back into the bowl, some on his shirt.

“Leah,” she called out. “Dinner!”

Mia sat down at the table just as her sister came into the kitchen, still wearing her security uniform. Leah took one look at the table and sighed heavily.

“Really, Mia?” she said, curling her lip. “Macaroni and meatloaf again?”

“I’m trying to get rid of the leftovers,” Mia countered. “But if you want something else, feel free to make it.”

Her sister responded by falling into her seat and grabbing her fork without another word. Leah looked over at Mikey’s bowl. “Mouse, you’re still not eating meat?”

Mikey scrunched his smooth, light-brown face and shook his head viciously. Last week he had decided he was no longer eating meat so Mia made sure there was no meat in his bowl. She was used to her son’s quirky eating habits and didn’t make a big fuss when Mikey would pick a food group he no longer found appetizing. Two months ago it had been macaroni.

Leah pointed to his bowl with her fork. “You know, if you keep eating all that cheese, you’re really turn into a mouse.”

“Na-uh,” Mikey said with a mouth full of half-chewed food. “Mommy said that’s not true.”

“Mikey.” The one word followed by a stern look was enough to turn her four-year-old sheepish. He knew better than to talk with his mouth full.

“Sorry, Mommy,” he said after he had his food swallowed.

When dinner was over, Mia got up and began clearing the table. “Mikey, go get ready for bath time.”

Mikey scrambled out of his seat and ran out of the kitchen. When Leah started in the same direction, Mia stopped her.

“Aren’t you going to help me?” she asked, staring pointedly at the dishes she carried.

“I’m going to work,” Leah said as if it should have been obvious.

Mia looked at the clock on the wall. It was a little after seven. “I thought you just got in?”

“Someone just called out sick and they asked me to cover. Someone has to make money around here,” her sister said pointedly. “I’ll be back in the morning.”

Mia placed the dishes in the sink, trying to suppress her guilt. Leah had been a big help these past few months while Mia was in between work so she could understand her sister’s resentment.

“What time will you be in?” Mia asked. “I have an appointment with the insurance company tomorrow at nine. I was hoping you could watch Mikey for me.”

“Yeah, okay,” Leah said with a shrug. “I’ll be back by seven tomorrow morning.”

It didn’t escape Mia’s notice that her sister hadn’t asked about the meeting with the life insurance company. Leah steered clear of everything relating to their mother’s passing. Mia tried to understand how her sister felt. Their mother’s passing had affected them greatly but Mia wished she had just a little support from her sister while she sorted this out. Fighting the insurance company for what was rightfully owed to them was taking its toll on her.

Mia hadn’t gotten a chance to fully grieve since their mother’s passing nine months ago. Yvette Trent had been diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, another form of lung disease the doctors believed had resulted from her sarcoidosis. The amount of scar tissues that had developed in her lungs because of the inflammatory disease eventually forced their mother on an oxygen machine, which ultimately hadn’t been enough. Weeks before her fifty-fifth birthday, she stopped breathing.

Mia didn’t realize the tears were falling until they landed on her forearm. She sat down at the table and tried to compose herself. She knew if she let the thoughts in, she would have another break down and scare Mikey again.

But it was hard not thinking about her mother. Her mother had been her rock since she’d returned home five years ago. She had never questioned her decision or asked about Nate. Her mother could see how much she had been hurting when she’d returned from Chicago and waited until Mia was ready to tell her. Then again, there hadn’t been much to tell.

After she had Mikey, her mother had been her greatest supporter and teacher. With her gone now, Mia was lost.

She wiped away her tears and took a deep, steadying breath. Mia thought of the good times, forever grateful that her mother got to know her grandson at least. Her mother had spent what time she had with Mikey, despite her suffering, and though Mia missed her fiercely, knowing her mother was finally at peace gave Mia some solace, if only a little.

However, the demands of life were disrupting what small comfort she was gaining from that. Though she and Leah tried, they were fast falling behind on their bills. Soon they wouldn’t be able to manage the mortgage without the payout from their mother’s life insurance. The policy wasn’t for a large amount by any means, but it would certainly be enough to help them pay down their increasing debts.

The life insurance had been their mother’s idea after Mikey was born. She had wanted to make sure her daughters and grandson had some financial security in the event something happened to her. Thinking of her son, Mia had also purchased a policy. But now the insurance company was denying their claim.

After weeks of back and forth, she would finally have a meeting with the claims’ manager. This was her last hope, other than taking them to court and spending money they didn’t have. All she could do now was pray and be prepared.

She didn’t want to think about what would happen if the insurance company refused their claim again.



“Ms. Trent, I’m sorry for your loss, but unfortunately, the claim isn’t valid under your current policy.”

Mia looked across the desk at the rail thin, older black man, desperate and beyond frustration. “Mr. Freeman, I’ve brought in everything you’ve asked. All the medical reports, the bank statements, the original policy forms proving that my mother’s policy was still active are all here. What more do you want?”

Howard Freeman sighed and removed his gold-rimmed eyeglasses. “I understand and appreciate that. However, the policy is not the issue here. Your mother’s medical records indicate a pre-existing condition and because it wasn’t reported during the time of contract, it unfortunately voids the policy.”

Mia shook her head, repeating the same thing she said many times since she started this appeal. “My mother passed away from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis,” Mia said, her voice wavering. “She was being treated for pulmonary sarcoidosis years ago. Those are two separate diseases and should be considered as such.”

Mr. Freeman gave her a sympathetic look. “Because the medical records state that the sarcoidosis resulted in the fibrosis, it is being classified as a precondition. I’m sorry, but there is nothing more I can do.”

Mia didn’t want his sympathy. She needed to know how she was going to pay their mounting bills and keep a roof over their heads.

Mia leaned forward in her seat. “Mr. Freeman, you don’t understand. We are going to lose our house. This is why my mother purchased the policy to begin with. There has to be something you can do.”

“Based on her plan, you are eligible for a full return of the premium.”

“For how much?” Mr. Freeman told her the amount and Mia’s small bubble of hope deflated. It would barely be enough to cover a month of their mortgage and they were already two months behind.

Mia shook her head, feeling a small headache forming.

“Of course, there’s some paperwork that needs to be completed,” Mr. Freeman continued. “Once that’s been processed and approved, a check will be mailed to you within the next four to six weeks.”

Mia’s shoulders slumped. She couldn’t hold off the bank and creditors for that long. Then again, she had no choice.

She stood up, thanked Mr. Freeman, and started toward the door of his small, sparse office.

“Again, I’m sorry, Ms. Trent,” he called out. “I truly understand how difficult it is to lose a parent.”

Mia stopped, staring at the older man whose intelligent eyes were filled with a familiar sadness. She nodded in acknowledgment then, without another word, walked out of his office.

She needed to clear her mind. Since they wouldn’t be able to rely on the insurance money, she needed to start thinking ahead. And whether Leah wanted to or not, they were going to have to figure this out together.

Mia pulled up to the pale yellow, single story house that had been her home for the past sixteen years. It had also been her son’s home since the day she brought him home from the hospital five years ago. Mia could remember how excited they’d all been to move into their first home. Their mother had worked hard to purchase this place and Mia couldn’t imagine losing it because she couldn’t afford to pay the mortgage.

Mia exited the suffocating car, vaguely noting the dry, withering grass. Though it had been the least of her worries, the lawn would need some attention soon.

As Mia headed to the front door, she spotted their neighbor, Mr. Wallace, sitting outside on his front porch, his dark, weathered face breaking out into a big smile. Mia smiled in return, waving a silent greeting. She loved her neighborhood, as her mother had, and had no desire to leave.

Mia found Mikey sleeping soundly on the couch in front of the television. She loved watching her son sleep. His small, relaxed form always managed to put her at ease. She gently ran her fingers through his hair before she carried him to his bed. He had been napping less often lately, leaving Mia exhausted at the end of each day, but today was an exception. Her little man must have tuckered himself out. Despite his dark curls, round cheeks, and creamy brown complexion, she could see traces of his father in him. Mikey had her eyes, but everything else bore a strong resemblance to his father.

She swiftly shook the thought away. Right now wasn’t the time to think about him. It would be five years this month since she last saw Nate McArthur. It was hard enough not to think about him when he invaded her thoughts at night, and as Mikey grew older, the task of forgetting him grew even harder.

She left her son’s room and found her sister in the kitchen, reading a letter. Leah looked up when she saw Mia approaching.

“You have to read this,” she said, holding out the letter to her. “It just got here about an hour ago through certified mail.”

Mia took the letter. What she read knocked the wind out of her. She fell into the nearest seat and stared at her sister blankly.

“They can’t be serious. We’re only behind by two months.”

“It’s June, Mia. I think that puts us into three months.”

Mia looked down at the letter again. “Notice of Foreclosure” stood out in a bold, heavy font across the page. She immediately started thinking of the accounts they could borrow from. Yet even as she thought of their meager savings, she knew it would barely carry them through the end of the summer.

Then what? If they used it all to pay the bank that would leave them with nothing for basic living expenses. She hadn’t been able to find work in three weeks. With the fragile state of the economy, it was getting increasingly difficult to find substantial, consistent work—much less work that was favorable to single mothers. Mia found herself bouncing from job to job, limited to jobs that did not require nights or weekends since she couldn’t afford a babysitter. This schedule worked perfectly as it allowed her to be with Mikey during those times and Leah would have him during the day. Unfortunately she had lost her last temp job and was now spending her days and nights with her son while her sister worked part-time as a makeup sales girl at the mall and part-time as a desk security guard.

“So what are you going to do?”

Mia looked up at her sister, a little annoyed by the question. “Don’t you mean, what are we going to do?” Mia corrected.

Leah sat back in her chair and looked down at the table. “Look Mia, I don’t know how to tell you this but…” she took a deep breath, “I’m moving out.”

Mia didn’t know what to say. She certainly wasn’t expecting this. Leah had never moved out on her own. Even after she’d graduated high school, and Mia had been open to her living in Chicago with her, Leah had decided to stay home. Her sister had even stayed around when Mia moved back home and their small home had become crowded with a new baby added. When Mia didn’t say anything, Leah finally glanced up at her.

“I know this is bad timing,” Leah said, breaking the long silence, “but I’m ready to leave Detroit and move on.”

“Where do you plan on going?” Mia asked, trying not to sound hurt or bitter. She appreciated the sacrifices her sister made to her modeling dreams in order to help her with Mikey. Leah loved her nephew, and despite their own personal relationship, Mia had come to rely on her support.

Leah glanced at her. “LA, of course. When Jackson gets out, we’re leaving.”

Mia frowned. “Really, Leah? Jackson?” she questioned, exasperated. Talks about moving to Los Angeles to start her modeling career were nothing new, but taking her old high school sweetheart with her definitely was. The influence Jackson had on her sister leaned toward the negative, and the only reason Leah hadn’t completely spiraled down with her bad news boyfriend—and seen the inside of a jail cell herself—was because their mother kept Leah on a tight leash. Now that their mother was gone, Mia could only hope her sister knew enough to keep herself out of trouble.

“Do you really think you’re being realistic?” Mia continued. “You’re twenty-four and broke. How do you plan to move and support yourself way across the country?”

Leah narrowed her eyes at her. “Just because I don’t want to be some fancy lawyer doesn’t mean I’m stupid,” she snapped. “You’re just jealous I’m actually going after my dream when you never even finished law school.”

Mia’s back drew up. That stung. But maybe she had it coming. Leah had always accused her of putting down her dreams and it was obvious she was doing it now. She just didn’t want her sister to get hurt. She had learned the hard way how painful it was to live life under an illusion.

“Fine,” Mia said quietly. “Do what you want.”

“I will. I’m moving out at the end of next month,” Leah continued. “And I’m going to use my share of the insurance money to get started.”

Mia let out a dry laugh and shook her head. “So is that the pot of gold you’re hanging your dreams on? You better start looking elsewhere.”

Leah straightened in her seat. “What do you mean?”

Mia gave her sister a brief detailing of her meeting with Mr. Freeman and the insurance company’s decision. The news, however, didn’t seem to faze her sister. Leah lifted her head with resolve. “I’m still leaving,” she said. “I have some of my own money saved up and I’m ready to live my life.”

Mia didn’t like the resentful tone in her sister’s voice. It was accusatory and…bitter. “Last I checked,” Mia retorted, “no one forced you to stay here.”

Her sister leaned toward her over the table, gripping its edge, as fire burned in her large brown eyes. “I stayed because Mama asked me to stay. You strolled in here pregnant and pathetic. You think she wanted to be saddled with you and a baby at her age? In her condition? I knew I couldn’t leave, especially not after she got sick again. But it’s time for me to do me.”

Her sister’s words rolled through her and Mia couldn’t speak through her pain. Was I really a burden to you, Mama? The thought made her throat clog as tears burned her eyes.

She swallowed the sudden lump in her throat. “Then I would hate to stand in your way,” Mia whispered stiffly, looking away. “Please don’t let me or my baby stop you.”

“Whatever, Mia,” Leah snapped. “Don’t try to guilt trip me. You know I love Mouse and would do anything for him, but he’s your son. You need to start thinking about what’s best for him.”

Leah’s last comment riled her like nothing else could. How dare she? Everything she did was for Mikey. “My son always comes first. Everything I do, I do for Mikey.”

Leah raised a brow. “Right. So is that why he doesn’t know about his father? I bet the next thing you’ll be telling him is that you’re his mother and his father, right?” Leah scoffed. “That may have worked when Mama said it, since our deadbeat dad chose not to stick around. But no one knows why Mikey’s dad isn’t around.”

“Because it’s no one’s business,” Mia said through gritted teeth. “And it certainly isn’t yours.”

Mia had been lucky that she didn’t have to explain to Mikey why he didn’t have a father. Her son asked once, but she easily sidestepped it by reminding him he had a different kind of family that included only Mommy, Auntie, and Grandma. But when he got older, and eventually entered school, she knew the questions would come again.

Leah rose from the kitchen table and dropped the stack of bills down. “You’re right,” she said. “It isn’t any of my business. But it’s Mikey’s and, good or bad, he should know about Nate. Especially when the man can afford to take care of both of you.”

Though Mia hated to admit it, her sister’s comments forced her to acknowledge her decision to keep Mikey from Nate. She had always stood by her actions, believing she was giving Nate the space and freedom he obviously wanted while protecting her son. She remembered the way he had declared with cold finality that he did not want children, and she would die before she let anyone make her son feel rejected or unwanted.

Yet a strange guilt began to plague her as she realized she was purposely keeping father and son from knowing one another. She entertained the idea of going to Chicago, then immediately dropped it. Just the thought of going back to confront Nate about this was daunting and caused her stomach to clench.

But another, persistent part of her wouldn’t let the thought go.

Mia spent the next several days making phone calls, trying to postpone the bank from putting up the foreclosure notice. With the help of legal aid and her own minimal knowledge from law school, she was able to negotiate a ninety-day postponement on the foreclosure.

Now she had until the end of September to pay the bank, but still didn’t know how she would manage to get all the money.

Unless she went to the one man she had vowed never to go back to again.

Mia immediately repelled the thought, then shoved her pride aside as she rationalized her approach. Whether Nate wanted children or not was irrelevant now. He had one and the least he could do was ensure they didn’t go homeless. What she had to do was cast her feelings aside and ask for his help.

The next day, she began making arrangements for their trip to Chicago. She was moving without feeling, mentally preparing for the most important—most unnerving—reunion in her life. A million scenarios crossed her mind as she thought about their initial meeting. None of them were comforting. She wouldn’t back out of this though.

“Auntie!” Her son’s shriek signaled her sister’s arrival. Mia turned as Leah strolled into the kitchen carrying a giggling Mikey in her arms.

“Look Mia. I caught us a mouse.”

Mia smiled over her son’s giggles. She reached for him and held him up. “Hmm, what should we do with him?”

Leah’s eyes sparkled. “I think we should eat him.”

Mikey’s dark eyes widened in horror as Mia brought her face down to his tummy.

“Mommy, no!” he shrieked, but Mia continued her soft nibbling as his little body squirmed, wiggled, and shook with laughter.

She smiled over her son’s wild, carefree laugh. Mikey was the best thing that could have happened to her—the one thing she and Nate got right—and she would do anything for him. She hoped she was doing the right thing by taking him to Chicago.

Later that night, after she had put Mikey to bed, Mia went into the living room where her sister sat painting her nails. Mia fell into the seat beside her. “I’m going to Chicago tomorrow,” Mia blurted.

Her sister looked up at her with a faint smirk on her lips. “Going to finally tell your ex he’s a daddy?” she drawled, recapping the nail polish and waving her hand in the air.

Mia shrugged. “That and ask him to help me save the house.”

Leah lost her mocking grin. “Why? You should just let the bank take it.”

Mia gaped at her sister. “And go where? This is our home.”

“Not anymore,” she said, her voice trembling slightly. “Not without Mama.” Leah glanced away, but not before Mia saw the tears glistening in her eyes.

“Why don’t you just get him for child support?” her sister suggested. “That way, the money you’ll get over the years will be more than what this house is even worth.”

“No,” Mia said curtly. “I don’t want this to turn ugly or drag Mikey through the middle of some legal battle. Having a home for him is more important to me right now.”

Leah shrugged then returned to polishing her toes. “And what if he refuses to help you with the house?” her sister asked. “You’ll have to go after him for something. Mouse is his son too and he should help.”

Mia looked down at her hands. She didn’t want to have to think about that. “I guess I’ll cross that bridge when I get there.”

Leah shrugged. “Well good luck with that.”

“Will you be okay here by yourself?”

“Yes, ma’am,” Leah said, rolling her eyes. “I’m not twelve.”

Yeah, but sometimes her sister could conjure up trouble without even trying. Like when she had decided to borrow their mother’s car without permission one night, supposedly to pick up a friend from the airport. Leah had ended up stranded far from the airport, with the car stolen.

“Anyway, Jackson will be out soon so I’ll probably end up spending my time with him.”

Mia groaned inwardly. There Leah went, conjuring up trouble. Jackson had always been bad news. But whatever she had to say about him, her sister wouldn’t listen, so Mia didn’t bother.

“I’ve booked a motel for us to stay in. I don’t know how long we’ll be gone, maybe a few days, but I’ll leave you the address before I go.”

That done, Mia went to her bedroom and began making a list of things they’d need for their trip. She didn’t want to forget anything. The drive would be hard on her son, but Mia wanted it to be as comfortable for him as possible.

It didn’t take her long, however, to realize she was just putting off the inevitable. Pushing the notepad aside, Mia went searching for the navy blue address book she kept Nate’s number in.

She stared at the number for a long while. What if the number didn’t work? What if he wasn’t even in Chicago anymore? Before Mia could talk herself out of it, she grabbed her phone and dialed his number.

Her heart pounded and her palms grew sweaty as the other line began to ring. Even her tight grip couldn’t steady her hold on the phone and as the seconds ticked by, another depressing thought struck her. What if he was with someone right now?

Nate was an attractive guy and it was late enough. He could easily be entertaining company at this hour. Before she lost her courage and slammed the phone down, a low, deep voice answered.

“Hello.”

Mia’s voice lodged in her throat as the warm, masculine voice sent a wave of intense emotion that rocked her to her core. God, I miss him.

Silence crackled over the line between them while she tried desperately to rein in her wild emotions.

“Mia?”

She nearly dropped the phone at the sound of her name softly spoken. His voice had been like a gentle caress. She tightened her grip.

“Hi Nate.”

Silence filled the line for a heartbeat before he replied. “Hi Mia.”

More awkward silence filled the line before she asked, “How’d you know it was me?”

He chuckled softly. “I don’t get many calls from Michigan, especially at this hour.”

Mia unconsciously glanced at the bedside clock. It was a little after ten. Nine o’clock, his time. “I’m sorry for calling this late,” she rushed out. “I hope I’m not—”

“I wasn’t complaining,” he interrupted gently. “It’s actually nice to hear your voice again, baby.”

Mia’s heart lurched and she closed her eyes as the warmth of his words coursed through her. Excitement and longing sprang up in her, followed by guilt. She knew it was dangerous territory, but she’d like to think maybe he missed her as much as she did him.

“Is everything okay?”

Mia smiled softly. “Yeah, everything’s fine,” she assured him, touched by the concern she heard his voice. “I just…uh, I’m coming to Chicago this weekend and was hoping we could meet up,” she finally rushed out.

Silence.

Her courage and anxiety began to war with each other when he didn’t immediately respond. “I know this is sudden and I understand if you don’t have time to see me. I just wanted—”

“I have time,” he cut in softly. “When will you get here?”

“Tomorrow night.” She gave him the name of the motel she would be checking into, relieved he didn’t say anything about it. It was a low-budget motel in a questionable neighborhood but it was the only thing she could afford on such short notice.

“I can’t wait to see you,” he said before they ended the call and something in her stomach fluttered. Would he feel the same way after she introduced him to his son?





6





Nate forced himself to concentrate on the spreadsheet in front of him. His eyes were on the computer screen, but his mind was miles away. Since Mia’s call last night, he hadn’t been able to concentrate on anything else. She was the last person he’d expected to hear from.

Even after five years, she managed to bring up feelings in him he had thought long forgotten and buried. He didn’t know why she finally sought him out and didn’t care. The chance to be with her again—even for one night—filled his mind with all kinds of fantasies. During their brief conversation, she didn’t seem to be bitter or angry. If anything, she sounded as if she…missed him.

It took some time, but he had eventually come to accept that she was no longer a part of his life. It hadn’t been easy, but the ache of losing her had eventually become bearable. Nate had spent a lot of time thinking about that night, wondering what he could have done differently. Ultimately, honesty had been the best for them. He wasn’t going to string her along for his own selfish needs.

The only problem with honesty, however, was that someone always ended up miserable. The year it took for him to stop obsessing over her had proven as much. He had tried his damnedest to stay away from her, but had experienced a moment of weakness. An overwhelming urge to call her one January had come over him but when he tried, her number had been disconnected. He hadn’t tried again since.

Now she was back and wanted to see him.

Anticipation burned in his gut. He wanted to see her too. A lot of time had passed and he had spent much of it thinking about what was important to him.

Nate glanced at the time at the lower corner of his computer screen. Time was really dragging its heels today.

He couldn’t wait to leave the office but before he could, he had a thorn in his side he needed to remove.

Stephen Rhodes, one of their longtime consultants, had gotten the company into a serious mess and Nate was scrambling to fix it or risk losing a vital client. McArthur, Murphy and Company was one of the leading management consulting firms in the nation, which had grown ever since he’d taken charge, but Rhodes was fast becoming a liability. He had been with MMC for quite some time, slowly working his way up the ladder, but after his recent promotion, his incompetence became glaring. Nate was annoyed it took them this long to realize Stephen Rhodes was not cut out for the job.

With this knowledge obvious to them now, Nate wouldn’t risk the company’s reputation or losing one of their top clients. In order to win back their clients trust, Nate had to get rid of the problem. That afternoon, he did exactly that.

“McArthur, you can’t do this,” Stephen said, leaning forward in his seat. “I just closed on my new house and I just bought my wife a new car.”

Nate stared at the older man. His obviously expensive suit said he’d been enjoying the financial perks his recent promotion allotted.

“Stephen, your mistake is about to cost us the Bakersfield account. You of all people should know how important that account is to the company. That’s not something we’re prepared to take lightly.”

Stephen ran his hand through his thinning gray hair in agitation. “It’s not my fault. I’ve been giving Tracy more responsibility and—”

“Stop,” Nate interrupted, disgusted with the man. He had done his homework before calling Stephen into his office, and based on Nate’s discovery, the fault had been the other guy’s completely. Yet, instead of owning up to his mistake, the bastard was trying to pass off the blame. “I’m giving you a chance to put in your resignation and walk away from this with some dignity.”

Stephen glared at him, his thick brows furrowing deeply. “Do you have a family, McArthur? Do you understand what you’re doing is not only going to affect me but my girls too?”

Nate fixed him with a level stare as Stephen threw him a disgusted glare.

“Of course you don’t,” he continued. “I can see in your eyes you don’t give a damn that I have a wife and three girls who depend on me!”

Nate continued staring at him, his temper and impatience mounting, but he didn’t let it show. “This is your doing, Stephen. Not mine,” Nate said coolly. “If you refuse to put in your resignation, so be it. Either way, you’re no longer employed at McArthur, Murphy and Company. ”

A short while later, an angry and disgruntled Stephen was escorted out of the building.

Nate hated this part of the job, but it couldn’t be avoided. He spent the last five years working at the helm of the company, first as Director and now CEO. His father had eventually retired and it was now Nate’s responsibility to see to the growth and prosperity of the company. He had implemented a few changes, which resulted in a few department shakeups, layoffs, new hires and a growing client list. MMC was proving to be formidable in the industry and Nate couldn’t afford any weak links in his chain.

Now that Stephen Rhodes was gone, he could concentrate on repairing his business relationship with their unhappy client.

But not tonight. Tonight, he would be concentrating on repairing another kind of relationship.

Nate picked up his cell phone. He wondered if she had already made it into the city. It was now after five on a Friday and the office was deserted with everyone taking advantage of the new summer hours. He wasn’t working on anything pressing and didn’t look forward to going home to his own quiet condo.

He found Mia’s number and hit the send button, listening intently to the ringing. Maybe if she was already here, he could take her out to dinner. The polite thing for him to do would be to let her get settled in, maybe suggest they meet for lunch tomorrow. Nate rejected the thought. He didn’t know what had brought her back to Chicago, but he’d waited five years and wouldn’t wait another night.

“Yes? Hello?”

Nate was startled at the young, high-pitched voice that came through the line. For a second, he thought he had dialed the wrong number.

“Hello,” Nate replied hesitantly. “Who is this?”

“Mommy said I shouldn’t talk to strangers,” the little boy said casually, seemingly unconcerned by the fact that he was indeed talking to a stranger.

For a moment, Nate was baffled. Mia had a kid? He couldn’t help the stab of jealousy that pierced him at the thought of her bearing another man’s child.

“What’s your mom’s name?”

“Mommy.”

Nate stifled a groan then laughed. “Okay…what’s your name?”

“Mikey.”

“Nice to meet you, Mikey,” Nate said lightly. “Is there a grown-up I can talk to?” At the brief silence, Nate imagined the little boy was shaking his head.

“I’m not ’posed to talk to strangers.”

Nate’s lip quirked. He didn’t want to point out to Mikey he was doing exactly what he wasn’t supposed to. “Yes, buddy, you’re right. You shouldn’t talk to strangers. Now can you pass the phone to your mom?”

“Nope.”

Nate jerked his head back, surprised by the casually spoken refusal. “Why not?”

Mikey’s voice became a hushed, earnest whisper. “Because Mommy’s having her bath, and I’m not ’posed to play on the phone.”

For some reason, Nate felt the need to ease his little worries. “You’re not playing. We’re just chatting.”

“I’m not ’posed to do that either.”

“Why not?”

“I dunno. Mommy said I’m ’posed to just sit still and watch TV, but I hate it here. It smells like dirt.”

Nate didn’t know how to respond to that—or what to make of this unusual conversation. He wasn’t used to dealing with kids or talking to them. He couldn’t even remember the last time he had been around one.

“Please don’t tell Mommy,” Mikey whispered.

“All right,” Nate assured him. “But when your mom gets finished with her bath, tell her I called. Okay? Can you remember that?”

“Yes, I’m good at remembering.”

“Excellent. I’ll talk to you later, Mikey.”

“Okay, bye!”

When Nate hung up the phone, he realized he hadn’t given the boy his name. It didn’t matter. Mia would probably see his number and know it was him calling. But the fantasy of having a private dinner together came to a bitter halt, along with his hopes of anything else happening tonight. Not that he had any expectations, but he couldn’t help thinking up a few ways they could have ended the night. One being with her at his place. That fantasy certainly wasn’t going to happen now—not with a kid around.

Do you care about me enough to want a family?

Those words echoed in Nate’s head, coming flittering from a past he had worked hard to forget. Memories of what he could remember from that night flashed in fragments in his mind. Though it had nearly killed him to walk out on her that night, he had refused to be forced into something he wasn’t ready for. Ultimately that had been the end of something he had never found again.

What if I got pregnant?

A sudden cold chill ran down his spine as another memory echoed in his head. He remembered her solemn, yet determined eyes, the way she had wrapped her arms around her middle as if she was protecting…

Nate bolted to his feet with a vicious curse, sending his executive chair crashing to the ground. It couldn’t be! Mia wouldn’t do that to him. She wouldn’t keep something like this from him. She wouldn’t.

Yet the pieces started to fit and things started to become clearer. She had tried to wrench a long-term commitment from him and when he refused, she had ended them. Suddenly Nate knew, with every fiber of his being, the little boy he had spoken to moments ago was his son.

A flood of emotions began hurtling through him. Disbelief and rage battled for the lead, as shock tailed closely behind, followed by bitter resentment. Why, he thought savagely. Why wouldn’t she tell me this?

Nate’s fists clenched and unclenched. It took him a moment, but he managed to rein in his anger. Once he could think rationally, he rushed out of the office. He wasn’t going to wait any longer. Five years? He had waited long enough.



“Mikey, honey, who are you talking to?” Mia stepped out of the bathroom and glanced over at her son sitting on the double bed. She could have sworn she’d heard muffled voices coming from the room. At first, she thought it was the television, but she recognized her son’s voice.

Mikey rushed to hide his hand behind his back and looked down. Mia walked over to the bed.

“Give it to me,” she demanded, holding out her hand.

Mikey handed her the cell phone, still avoiding her gaze. She grabbed the phone from his small hand.

“Mikey, look at me. What did I tell you about playing with my phone?”

“That it’s not a toy,” he mumbled quietly.

“And?”

“And it’s for emergencies only.” He stared up at her earnestly before adding, “But it was an emergency, Mommy. I was bored to death!”

Mia sighed. “Where are your toys?”

Mikey shrugged his little shoulders. She went to their bags lying open on the second double bed and realized she’d left the small bag of toys in the car. Well, she wouldn’t bother with it now.

It had been a long, exhausting drive to Chicago, which included the stop she’d made so they could eat and stretch their legs. Once they made it into the city, Mikey became moody from the long drive and Mia just wanted to collapse. The hard, springy hotel bed, however, was not inviting. Actually, nothing in the drafty motel room was welcoming. She managed to overlook the dingy walls and furniture while she sanitized the small hotel room and bathroom as best she could.

With a bath and light snack, her son had lost his tantrum and she had finally been able to indulge in a nice long shower.

The thought of calling Nate had crossed her mind and was still tempting, but she wasn’t prepared to face him tonight. She would do it tomorrow, when she got some sleep and her nerves had settled some.

Mia replayed the scenario in her head for the umpteenth time and still couldn’t think of a way to approach him. She couldn’t just blurt out—“Hi Nate, this is Mikey. Your four-year-old son. Oh, and by the way, we need money.”

Mia scoffed and shook her head. Then again, maybe I should call him right now and get it over with.

As if on cue, her cell phone rang. It was Nate.

Instead of the cool, light-heartedness she had received last night, he was curt and abrupt. “What room are you in?”

Mia frowned. “What?”

“I’m at the motel,” he said, a hard edge in his voice.

Mia’s stomach dropped. Panic seized her and she stood frozen in the middle of the room. She was not prepared for this, but she had no doubt that he would bang on every door until he found her.

“What room are you staying in?”

Mia hesitated for the briefest of moments. “Room 238.”

“I’m coming up.”

He ended the call before she had a chance to say anything else.

“Mommy, I almost forgot,” Mikey said, jarring her out of her trance. “A man called for you.”

Mia turned to her son who was now using the hotel pens and notepad to draw with.

“What man?” Deep down, though, Mia knew. Nate’s sudden presence couldn’t be a coincidence.

Mikey shrugged as a hard knock came at the motel door. They both stared toward the direction of the sound. Mia walked to the door, each step as heavy as the beating of her heart.

“Who is it?” She felt like a fool for asking. She knew who stood behind that door.

“It’s me.” Nate’s muffled voice held an edge that immediately had her draw her back up. She opened the door and was unnerved by her reaction to him.

Nate had always been handsome, but now that didn’t seem adequate to describe him. His hard jaw and sensual lips were set in stern, stubborn lines and his rich, dark brown hair was cut stylishly. His tall, once lean, frame was broader than she remembered and was covered in dark slacks, a silk button-down shirt, and dark blazer.

She didn’t miss the way his dark, deep-set eyes ran down the length of her. Her face flushed at the heated once-over. The man standing before her, filling the doorway appeared untouchable. No, he was too striking for mere handsomeness.

“May I come in?”

His low whisper held all the seductive qualities she remembered. She slightly shook her head, breaking the hypnotic spell she found herself under. She steeled herself against the cosmic effect he still had on her. This time, she had to make sure her heart was protected from him.

Without a word, Mia stepped back to let him in. The motel room wasn’t spacious and with his presence, it appeared even less so.

Nate stopped in the middle of the room and stared down at their son, who was also looking up at him with newfound curiosity.

Mia didn’t know what to say to break the heavy silence as father and son stared at each other, but the tension was killing her.

“Mikey, baby, come say hi.”

He scrambled off the bed and walked toward them. Mikey wasn’t normally shy, but for some reason, he wasn’t exhibiting his usual brazenness. When he stood directly in front of Nate, he held out his small hand. “Hi mister,” he murmured.

Mia’s heart broke a little at the awkward situation she had placed them in. This is my fault. A son should know his father, but because of her selfishness, her son was now greeting his father like a stranger.

With a gentle smile, Nate crouched down and took the small hand offered to him. “Hi Mikey. We spoke on the phone earlier. You remember?”

Mikey nodded.

Nate leaned over and whispered something in his ear. Mia couldn’t hear what he was saying but she picked up something about dirt. Whatever it was, it made her son scrunch his face and nod. “I told you,” Mikey said, giggling.

“Yes you did,” Nate agreed, his eyes softening as he regarded their son. “Why don’t you go finish drawing while I talk to your mom?”

Nate rose to his full height as Mikey ran back to the bed.

“How old is he?”

Mia didn’t look at him when she replied, “He turned four this January.”

Nate continued watching Mikey then said in a deceptively mild tone, “He’s mine, isn’t he.”

It was more a statement than a question. He turned to face her when she didn’t respond and she was taken aback by the rage and…hurt that simmered in his dark eyes. There was nothing she could say, nothing she could do, that would soothe those raw feelings.

She simply looked back at their son and nodded.





7





His son.

Nate’s heart twisted as he looked at the little boy whose small features were a unique blend of his and Mia’s. Mikey had her wide eyes and the McArthur stubborn chin, though it was soft with youth.

Nate had used the time during his drive here to get his shock and temper under control, but he was still reeling with the realization that he was a father. He turned his attention to Mia who stood beside him, carefully avoiding his gaze. She looked beautifully tragic with her hair pulled back in a loose bun at her nape, her large dark eyes eclipsing her smooth, angular face. Even in her simple gray skirt and white cami, his sexual attraction to her was unwavering. Motherhood had filled her out nicely.

Even now, with all her lies and secrets, he still wanted her.

Right now wasn’t the time to think about that, however. They needed to talk but first he needed to get them out of this shitty motel room.

“Get your things,” he said curtly.

“Why?”

He moved closer to her and said in a low voice so Mikey wouldn’t overhear. “I said, get your things. You two aren’t staying here tonight.”

Her eyes widened in surprise then she swiftly glanced away. “Look, I know there’s a lot for us to discuss but—”

“You’ve got that right,” he snapped. “And tonight we’re going to, just not in this shithole.” He read the protest in her eyes and stopped her before she could say anything else. His patience was already stretched thin. “Don’t argue with me right now,” he said through gritted teeth. “Just get your things.”



An hour later, they finally made it to his high-rise apartment. Mia had forgotten how terrible the traffic was in Chicago, especially on a Friday night. She now carried a sleeping Mikey into the condo as Nate brought in their bags. When he turned on the lights, Mia was stunned by the luxury that greeted her. The high ceilings and rich, dark wood floors held beautifully decorated artwork with modern furniture that was as untouchable as the man who owned them. The abstract artwork decorating the white walls resembled something out of an art gallery but they complimented the stylish, elegant decor. Large windows at the far end of the spacious apartment overlooked the city and added to the condo’s grandeur. From the large windows, the sun painted the sky in a dark orange glow as dusk began to descend.

Mia had only been to his apartment once while they were dating, but this was certainly new. Nate had been careful in keeping a casual, rather modest appearance around her. Now looking at him, there was nothing casual about the tall, composed man standing beside her.

Uncertainty ate at her as she realized, for the first time, how far outside her domain she was. How could she just come out and ask for money without looking like…an opportunist? She immediately quelled the feeling. It was too late to turn back. She came here for a purpose and would see it through.

Her sleeping son began to weigh heavily on her tired arms and Mia turned to Nate who had been silently watching her survey his apartment.

“Where can I put him?” she asked in a low voice.

Nate nodded behind her. “There’s a guest room in the back,” he said, also keeping his voice low. “Come on, I’ll show you.”

Mia followed him down the hall to the first door on the left. It was a small, simple bedroom with a single bed, nightstand, and dresser. Nate turned on the lamp and she gently placed Mikey on the bed. He didn’t stir once. She changed him into his pajamas and sat beside him on the bed, rubbing his back. Mikey was normally a heavy sleeper, but the drive had been especially wearing for him. She, herself, was exhausted but still had a long night ahead of her. She tried to put it off by hiding out in here with her son but with the determined look on Nate’s face that wasn’t going to happen.

“Is he okay?”

Mia turned around to find Nate standing by the door. He had removed his blazer and stood there, looking completely relaxed with the first two buttons of his pale blue shirt undone. She nodded, glancing back down at their sleeping son.

“He’s just tired. We’ve had a long drive.”

Nate walked slowly into the room and looked down at Mikey with gentle, yet watchful eyes. The look on his hard face tugged at her heart. Confusion and guilt began to shape in her. I should have told him.

“Come on,” he whispered, holding out his hand to her. “It’s time we talked.”

Mia let out a ragged breath. She didn’t want go anywhere with him. Not out of fear, because she knew in her heart he would never become violent with her, but his nearness was too much for her frayed emotions. She was too tired to resurrect any mental or emotional defenses against him tonight.

He was angry, that much was clear, even though he tried to hide it behind cool, unreadable eyes. She didn’t have the energy to deal with a heated confrontation tonight. Yet he deserved some answers, and from his unwavering stance, he wouldn’t be put off.

Mia sent another glance down at Mikey then let out a small sigh. She placed her hand in his and he immediately closed his fingers around hers, pulling her off the bed. He led them into the living room and Mia concentrated on everything but the warm, rough hand that held hers.

When they neared the sofa, she immediately pulled away from him though her hand still tingled where he’d touched. She took the nearest seat, keeping her eyes averted as she willed her nerves to settle.

He said nothing as he sat across from her and ran his hand through his hair repeatedly, an indication of his own agitation.

“Why didn’t you tell me?” Despite his cool, steady gaze, his voice was harsh and grating. His angry confusion only intensified her mounting guilt.

“I should have,” she said quietly. “But then, I didn’t think it would have made a difference.”

His eyes narrowed. “What do you mean? Of course it would have made a damn difference.”

“You said you didn’t want kids, remember? And I didn’t want to be with someone who didn’t want me or my child.” Mia looked down at her hands, unnerved by the intensity in his dark eyes. “I figured I’d let you off the hook.”

After a short, painful silence, he asked, “So what’s changed? Why tell me now?”

Is that all he has to say?

Well, what did you expect him to say? Another voice chided her fiercely. That he hadn’t meant what he’d said? That, if he could do it all over again, he would marry her and make them a big, happy family?

Mia shook her head, disgusted with herself. Despite her cold encounter with reality, she was still a romantic fool. She took a deep, shaky breath and gave herself a hard, mental shake.

“I’m here because I need your help.”

Mia went on to tell him about the upcoming foreclosure and the limited time frame in which she had to make the payment.

“How much is owed?” he asked when she finished, his expression even more stoic, more unreadable.

She told him the amount. He didn’t even bat an eye. The amount she was asking from him would cover the mortgage and take care of Mikey for the next twelve months, while she looked for permanent work. And she told him all this, wanting to be completely transparent with him.

“The last thing I wanted was to come to you for this,” she continued. “But I had nowhere else to turn. You’re my last resort in making sure Mikey has a home and I promise you’ll never hear from me again.” She fell silent. It was hard being in this position and his cold, silent regard wasn’t making it any easier.

Nate leaned forward in his seat, holding her gaze with his. “Tell me,” he began softly. “If you didn’t need the money, would you have ever told me about him?”

Mia didn’t know how to answer him. She looked down at her hands, not knowing how to respond. She wanted to think she eventually would have, but she had been so caught up with her own emotional turmoil, wanting nothing to do with him, she couldn’t be sure.

He sat back in his seat. “I guess I have my answer.”

Her eyes flew up to his. “Nate, I’m not here for child support if that’s what you’re thinking.”

His eyes flashed. For a second, there was a rage and pain in them that even he couldn’t conceal. She had to look away.

“You’ve made it clear why you’re here, but that doesn’t matter to me right now. What matters is that I have a four-year-old son who doesn’t even know who I am.”

Mia was already consumed with guilt. She didn’t need Nate making her feel worse than she already did. Yes, she should have told him about Mikey, but how dare he pretend as if being a father had mattered to him before.

“Don’t you dare make me out to be the bad guy here,” she said sharply. “You didn’t want the responsibility and I wasn’t going to force you into it. I’m not gonna have my child feeling abandoned.” Like you made me feel after you left. Those words, however, were kept hidden in the deepest, darkest part of her.

“Just because I didn’t want kids, doesn’t mean I would have turned my back on the one that I have,” he snapped. “He’s my son too. You should have told me about him.” He bit out those words with barely suppressed rage.

Mia placed her fingers on her temples, trying to soothe the headache pulsating there. “Yes, I admit I should have. I’m sorry. But that doesn’t change the fact that I have him to worry about now. And if you really care then you’ll help us keep our home.”

Nate glared at her, saying nothing. She knew an apology would not make up for what she’d done, but she didn’t know what else he wanted her to say.

“Mommy?”

They both started at the small voice coming from across the room. Mia was the first to her feet. “Yes, baby?”

“I have to potty.”

She turned to Nate.

“I’ll take him,” he said, brushing past her.

A few minutes later, they both came back to the living room where she still sat. An animated Mikey was going a mile a minute as Nate paid close attention to their son’s excited chatter.

When Mikey finally noticed her, he came running to her side. “Mommy, guess what?”

She smiled down at his excited face. “What?”

“I have a daddy!” he exclaimed.

Mia’s eyes shot up to Nate’s. He shrugged, his tension and anxiety visible.

“Someone had to tell him.”

Mia brought her attention back to Mikey but couldn’t stop the moisture that gathered in her eyes. “That’s right, you do,” Mia said with a soft smile.

“Can I keep him?” her son asked with anxious excitement. “Please.”

The tears that threatened clogged Mia’s throat. She didn’t trust herself to speak. Instead, she placed a quick kiss on his forehead and brought him up to her lap.

“Yes, of course,” she whispered thickly, avoiding the dark gaze that bored into her from across the room.



Nate watched the excited energy that boiled over his son’s little body and livened up his quiet condo.

He glanced over at Mia, who watched their son with calm patience. There was still a lot for them to discuss but, for tonight, he’d let it rest. Partly because of the fatigue etched on her face and partly because he still needed to digest and process everything.

He was a father.

That knowledge was something he was still getting used to. He had always been careful to protect himself and the woman he was with. With Mia, however, their lovemaking had always been wild, intense. It could be the reason why their birth control hadn’t been effective.

If Mikey’s birthday was in January, that meant he had gotten her pregnant around April. In Galena. Memories of that week came flooding to him. It had been a nice getaway from the city, one he had been disappointed to see end. Before the trip, he had spent weeks traveling across the country for his own company and at his father’s request. Not being able to see or touch her had been frustrating. He never made a big thing about his birthday, but Mia had wanted to do something special for his big three-oh and he could think of nothing better than to hide away somewhere with her, where they could eat, relax, and make love. He had rented a vacation home and for one week, they lived in their own private oasis.

They had spent the days enjoying the quiet, country scenery and the nights…the nights were unforgettable. They couldn’t get enough of each other. She had been as wild as he, clawing at his back, rising up to meet his heavy thrust. They had sweated and panted together, getting as close as two bodies could possibly get.

Nate shifted to hide his body’s reaction at the still vivid memory. Sometime during that week, they made Mikey. Though Nate still struggled between his anger and his unwavering lust for her, he had no regrets. Together, they had created another life. He couldn’t accept or excuse her decision to keep Mikey from him, but then he also couldn’t ignore his role in making her feel as if she had to.

“Daddy?”

Nate instinctively jerked at the name. Though it wasn’t an unpleasant sound, it was something that would take some getting used to.

“Yeah, buddy?” he asked gently.

“Can I have some juice?”

He looked helplessly at Mia. He didn’t think he had any. He didn’t entertain much in his apartment and was certainly not equipped to entertain kids as young as Mikey, or guests of any age for that matter. He didn’t even keep liquor in his apartment anymore. Not that he didn’t enjoy a drink on occasions, but after their breakup, he had found himself indulging in the mind numbing liquid too frequently. Fortunately, he had managed to end the bad habit before it got a chance to root itself permanently in his life. He now had a personal rule to only drink socially. Never alone and never at home.

“I don’t think I have any.” Nate checked his watch. If he left now, he could probably pick some up.

“It’s all right,” Mia said with a soft smile of understanding. “I think I have a juice box in one of my tote bags.” She got up and fished through a large, yellow and brown bag that had been left in the foyer. She still wore the light sweater she’d put over her white cami, yet it did little to conceal her lush curves hidden underneath. She walked back to where they were sitting and handed Mikey a green and red juice carton.

“Tomorrow, we can go shopping for groceries,” Nate said, watching Mikey suck up the red liquid from the straw. Nate couldn’t stop looking at him. It felt too surreal, looking at this little person who was a part of him.

“Thanks, but that’s not necessary. We’re not staying long.”

Irritation at Mia’s dismissive words rose in him, but Nate shoved it away. He didn’t want to start another argument tonight, especially not in front of Mikey. There would be time tomorrow to hash this all out.

“We’ll figure that out later,” Nate merely replied.

Her attention was momentarily stolen away when Mikey handed her the juice carton so she didn’t argue.

“Finished?” she asked, grabbing the carton. At his vigorous nod, she placed it on the center table and stood up. “Okay then,” she said, holding out her hand. “Time for bed.”

“But Mommy, I’m not tired.” Mikey continued to whine, pout, and protest as Mia ushered him back to the guest room. Nate watched the whole scene with fascination and mild amusement. He knew a handful of people with children and didn’t spend a whole lot of time with them, so he could only imagine the patience needed to deal with that kind of energy. The way Mia was handling their son seemed to come naturally. She was gentle yet stern, loving but still firm.

Something inside him warmed at the sight. He had never experienced that with his own parents—certainly never his mother. Was it something that came naturally to Mia as a mother? Could he be that kind of father to Mikey?

The thought jarred him. He didn’t know where or why it had surfaced, but he realized he wanted to be the kind of father to Mikey his father had never been to him. He wanted to be a good father to the little boy whose young features closely resembled his. Nate wanted Mikey in his life.

Mia came back to where he sat, drawing his attention away from his new, yet exhilarating, thoughts. She leaned down to grab the empty juice carton and glanced over at him.

“Where can I toss this?”

Nate stood. “I’ll throw it out.” He reached for the carton then jerked back. “Shit.” A stream of red liquid squirted from the thin straw and landed on the front of his shirt.

Mia’s eyes were wide with horror. “Oh my God! I’m so sorry!”

“Its fine,” Nate assured her. “Here let me take that so it doesn’t drip everywhere.”

Nate went to the kitchen and dumped the remaining juice in the sink. Mia was close behind him and before he realized what she was doing, she wet a kitchen towel and began dabbing at the red stains on his shirt. He wouldn’t have minded her touch if it had been focused on him and not the damn shirt.

“I’m so sorry,” she said again, her slender face filled with mortification.

“Mia, its fine. It was an accident.” One he had actually caused. He didn’t realize until it was too late that there was still juice left inside the small carton when he grabbed for it.

She continued blotting at the stains until water soaked through and the stains were now a faint pink. He grabbed her hand to stop her frantic dabbing. “It’s just a shirt,” he whispered.

She stilled and glanced up at him. “I know. It’s just…it looks expensive.”

“It’s not,” he lied, wanting to erase the agitation from her eyes. “Besides,” he continued with a small grin, “it’ll wash. If not, I’ll just buy a new one.”

She visibly relaxed, then glanced away, nodding. Her nearness started to wreak havoc on his senses. Her fresh, sweet scent was an erotic tease. He unconsciously tightened his hand over hers. At the small action, her eyes widened then flew up to his. He ignored the surprised confusion on her face. Instead he focused on her wide, full lips. He remembered their soft sweetness and wanted to taste them again. Driven by a force stronger than his own will power, Nate leaned down…

Mia jerked away from him and took a step back, effectively bringing him back to reality. He cursed himself silently as his regrets and frustration strained against his slacks. The last thing he needed to do was complicate their situation with his lust.

“Sorry,” he murmured roughly.

With her back now turned to him, she nodded, saying nothing.

“You must be tired,” he said quietly. “Why don’t you take the back bedroom at the end of the hall?”

She fidgeted with the towel in her hand then placed it on the counter, still not looking at him. “That’s okay. I’ll sleep with Mikey.”

“The bed in the other room is bigger and you’ll be more comfortable.” Nate purposely didn’t mention it was actually his bedroom, as it would have only increased her obvious discomfort. “Besides, why disturb him when there’s plenty of space for us to spread out.”

She didn’t argue with him and he suspected fatigue and weariness must be weighing on her.

As Nate lay awake on the sofa, his thoughts were filled with the woman sleeping in his bed, the woman who had birth him a son. It occurred to him that it was already too late. Things between them had gone beyond complicated.





8





Nate woke up to a light tugging on his arm. Through the large windows, early morning light streamed into the living room and onto the sofa where he slept. Beside him, a bed-rumpled Mikey stood pushing at his arm.

Mikey.

Memory of the night before pierced through his sleep-fogged mind. For a moment, he’d forgotten. He was a father now.

“Daddy?” the small voice came. “I forgot where the toilet is and I have to potty.”

Nate sat up, now alert. As he led Mikey into the bathroom, he recalled the moment last night when he told Mikey who he was. Their son’s oblivion of who he was and their relationship to each other had bothered Nate. A lot.

“Mikey, do you know who I am?” Nate asked when they were alone in the brightly lit bathroom.

Mikey had nodded. “You’re the man from the hotel room.”

Nate smiled softly. “Yeah,” he’d said gently. “I’m also your dad.”

Mikey stared at him curiously. “I never had a daddy before. Mommy said not everybody has one.”

That admission had irritated Nate, but he didn’t let Mikey see it. “Your mom was just waiting for the right time to bring you to me,” Nate explained.

“Are we coming to live with you now?”

Nate regarded him closely. “Do you want to?”

Mikey nodded his head eagerly. “I like it here better than the other place.”

Nate smiled at that. His son then proceeded to tell him about their long drive to Chicago and the things he’d seen along the way.

His son’s excited chatter from last night now spilled into this morning. Nate didn’t mind. He smiled and nodded, asking questions when necessary. He answered a few peculiar ones of his own too, like how did the water in the sink get so cold when it wasn’t in the fridge. Nate’s answer had been embellished, but Mikey didn’t seem to notice.

Once they were done in the bathroom, Nate went to check in on Mia. The door to his bedroom was left partly open and Nate peered in. He immediately found her sleeping form in the middle of the wide bed. She looked soft and inviting. He would have given anything to be lying next to her.

That was wishful thinking, however, remembering the way she pulled away from him. Nate turned to leave but before he could react, Mikey pushed past him, running full speed toward the bed. He grabbed his son just before he reached the bed and carried him out of the bedroom.

“Shh,” Nate said once they were out of the room. “Mommy’s sleeping.”

He brought Mikey to the kitchen but realized he didn’t have anything suitable to feed a four-year-old for breakfast. He found some orange juice but didn’t have a cup small enough for his small hands. The tote bag Mia had rummaged through last night seemed to be well supplied so he grabbed it. Inside, he found a small green plastic cup with a matching lid and straw, as well as another juice carton, a few snacks, some toys, books, wet wipes, napkins, and a travel size first aid kit. Nate’s lips quirked up. She had come prepared for anything.

“Looks like we’re gonna have to go out for breakfast,” Nate said to Mikey, pouring orange juice into the small green cup. “What do you want to eat?”

“Cheetos!” Mikey exclaimed, grabbing the snack Nate had lain on the counter.

While Mikey munched on the cheesy puff chips, Nate surveyed his kitchen to see what supplies he’d need. He figured between him and Mikey, they could do the grocery shopping while Mia slept.

Nate left a quick note for her, got himself and his son dressed, and within minutes they were out the door.



The cool, smooth sheets brought Mia softly awake. She caught the warm, spicy scent on the pillow and sprang up, disoriented.

She was in Nate’s bed, in his room. She looked around as memories of last night came rushing back to her. Mia fell back against the pillows with a heavy sigh.

Last night, she had recognized his scent the moment she had crawled into bed. It had been so inviting, so comforting, she had fallen asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.

However, she couldn’t stay in his bed forever. She would have to get up and face him again. She groaned at the thought.

The awkward moment in the kitchen last night played back in her head. She was too in-tuned with him not to recognize the sharp desire that had radiated from him—or the frustration that flared when she’d pulled away.

Deep in her core, Mia wanted his kiss, his touch. Badly. But her supercharged senses wouldn’t have been able to handle it.

Mia groaned again before rolling out of the large bed. The apartment was strangely quiet and she immediately went to the guest bedroom. Empty.

She suppressed the panic threatening to rise and walked through the apartment, calling out for Mikey.

When she got to the kitchen, she found the note next to the half-eaten bag of Cheetos.

Mikey and I went out to buy food. We’ll be back soon.—N



Mia had told him they wouldn’t be staying long, but if he insisted on ignoring her, she wouldn’t make a fuss. Let him do what he wanted. She just needed to know if he intended to help them or not so they could be on their way.

It wasn’t lost on her that he hadn’t given her an answer last night. Then again, she had dropped a few bombshells on his lap, the main one being Mikey, so she could understand if he needed some time to let it all sink in.

Right now, she would just have to wait for them to get back.

Mia cleaned up the mess they’d left in the kitchen, making a mental note to tell Nate, and remind her son, that Cheetos weren’t an appropriate breakfast food.

Eventually, she moved the rest of their bags into the guest bedroom. Because she didn’t know how long they were staying, she didn’t bother unpacking. The last thing she wanted was to scare Nate into thinking they were moving in, she thought wryly.

Curiosity, however, got the better of her and she began to explore his neatly kept and expensively furnished apartment. The condo had three bedrooms, and one of them had been converted into an office.

Though Nate’s apartment was elegant and chic, there was no real warmth in it. The kind of warmth that came from little things like pictures or plants or just simply…color. The decor was mainly whites, blacks, and grays with superficial artwork on the walls instead of family photos. There had been a greeting card with a picture of an older couple on it in his office that read, Happy Holidays from the Carlson’s.

Besides that small memento, there was nothing else.

His bedroom had a walk-in closet being shamefully underused, but filled with his scent. She ran her fingers along some of his hanging shirts, enjoying the feel of the soft material, visualizing them adorning his hard frame.

She eventually left the closet and entered the connecting bathroom. This bathroom was bigger than the one out in the hall with a standing shower encased by tall, frosted glass. It practically begged her to take a long, hot shower and she exhaled with deep pleasure. This made up for her brief stay at the grimy motel last night.

Twenty minutes later, dressed in a light coral summer dress, Mia sat in the living room hoping her son wasn’t driving Nate crazy. Shopping with Mikey could easily become an expedition if he wasn’t properly maintained.

The silence in the large apartment began to bother her. She turned on the television to fill it. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d been without her son and his early morning chatter. Back home, there was always noise, whether it was from her son’s constant chatter, or Leah’s coming and goings, or from the television, there was always some sort of activity at their house. A few times, she had wished for some peace and quiet. Now that she had it, she found it unnerving…and lonely.

Thinking of her sister, Mia realized she’d forgotten to call her. When her call went unanswered, Mia left a voice message letting her sister know they had made it but were now staying with Nate.

When she hung up, keys jangled and slid into the door. She got up just as Mikey came running into the apartment. Nate came in after, his hands full of grocery bags.

“Mommy, look at my new toy!”

Mia looked down at the strange looking action figure, smiling at her son’s excitement. “It’s nice,” she said pulling him close to her. “Did you thank your dad?”

He nodded vehemently then ran off to continue his pretend flying and fighting.

Mia followed Nate into the kitchen. “Did you buy out the entire grocery store?” she teased.

Nate’s lips quirked up. “Too much?”

She cocked her head to the side. “I think you have enough to feed half the Duggar family.”

“Who?”

Mia chuckled. “Never mind.”

“I wasn’t sure what to get so I figured I’d cover all bases.” He stared at her for a long moment and she began to grow self-conscious.

“You look very pretty,” he said quietly.

Mia couldn’t help the blush warming her face or the small smile tugging her lips from the simple compliment. “Thanks,” she murmured, shifting nervously and brushing her hair behind her ear. She had let the thick, wavy strands hang down her shoulders, instead of in its usual ponytail. She doubted it was her hair that had caught his attention. It was her thin-strapped, high-waist summer dress. The simple dress was so long it reached her ankles, but the half-pink, half-peach color complimented her skin tone so well she was starting to think maybe she had chosen to wear it in hopes he would notice. Judging by the way he eyed her, he certainly had.

Wanting to break his direct attention from her, Mia moved to unload the shopping bags. She smiled when she saw the many boxes of macaroni and cheese.

“I see Mikey helped big with the shopping.”

Nate laughed, grabbing a few bags to unpack. “I didn’t realize there were so many until we got to check out.”

There was also a good supply of cheese crackers, string cheese, cheese dip, and of course Cheetos. The amount of food was enough to feed a large family. He must have spent hundreds of dollars here.

“I really appreciate you trying to make things comfortable for us,” Mia began, “but this really wasn’t necessary.” Tension invaded his tall frame, but she continued. “As soon as you give me an answer, we’ll be out of your way.”

Nate turned to her, his jaw set. “I want him to stay with me.”

Mia frowned, not sure she’d heard him correctly. “What?”

“I want Mikey to stay here,” he repeated forcefully. “I’ve already missed out on so much and I want to get to know him. And I want him to know me.”

Mia looked up at him, shocked. Of all the things he could have told her, she hadn’t expected this. Though she would love for her son to know his father, she wasn’t prepared to be without him, and Nate hadn’t said anything about her staying.

“I-I don’t think that’s possible right now. Or a good idea,” she added. “There’s been so much change in his life already. This would just…complicate things for him.”

Nate’s eyes burned into hers. “You complicated this the moment you decided to keep him from me,” he barked. “I don’t want to fight you on this, but I will if I have to.”

His unspoken threat was loud and clear. Anger and a fierce protectiveness suddenly filled her. “How dare you?” she snapped with barely suppressed rage. “You will not take him from me, you hear me? You will not!”

Nate looked down at her with his own emerging anger and determination. “Don’t test me, Mia. He’s my son too.”

“No, he’s mine,” she said fiercely. “I carried him. I raised him. I wanted him. So don’t you dare stand there and pretend that you want him!”

He looked as if he wanted to strangle her, but she was too upset to back down. “You never even gave me a chance,” he said harshly. “You took that choice away from me so it’s your fault I’m even in this position.”

Pain and guilt sliced through her as his words dug deep. Some of the anger burst out of her. He was right. It was her fault—she had already acknowledged that—but she wasn’t going to let him take Mikey from her. She wasn’t.

“I just want to be in his life,” he continued. “And I will be, whether you like it or not.”

“Nate, I won’t stop you from seeing him, but he’s not staying—”

“He’s staying right here,” Nate bit out harshly. “With or without you.”

A cold chill ran down her back. She knew enough of the law that if he decided to fight her for custody, he may just win. She was on shaky ground and he had the stability and financial backing to his advantage.

“This was a mistake,” she whispered, backing away from him. She turned to leave, fully intending to grab her son and get as far away from him as she could. She got as far as two feet before he grabbed her arm and jerked her back.

“Mia, if you walk out of here,” he growled close to her ear, “I swear, I’ll make sure you regret it.”



Will Mia take Mikey away from Nate?

Can they both compromise for their son’s sake?

Download Because This Is Forever to find out!





Thanks for reading!





Rate or review the book. Honest reviews are always helpful!



Recommend to your family, friends, and reader groups.



Share with other readers on your favorite social media site.





Books by Lena Hart



CONTEMPORARY

Brides of Cedar Bend series

Something Old

Something New

Something Borrowed

Something Blue



To Be Loved series

First Love

Because You Love Me

Because You Are Mine

Because This Is Forever



Standalones

My Silent New York Night

Her Seductive Dare

It’s a Dare, Baby



SUSPENSE

The Queen Quartette series

His Flower Queen

His Bedpost Queen

Queen of His Heart

His Diamond Queen



City of Sin spin-off series

B is for Bedpost

The Devil’s Bedpost



HISTORICALS

Hearts at War collection

A Sweet Surrender

Amazing Grace

In the Morning Sun





About the Author





Lena Hart is a Florida native currently living in the Harlem edge of New York City. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mainly writes sensual to steamy contemporary, suspense, and historical romances. When Lena is not busy writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about her upcoming works, join her Reader Group.





Connect with her on…

@lenahartwrites

LenaHartBooks



www.LenaHartWrites.com

lena@lenahartwrites.com





