Wheels of Steel

Book 4

Pepper Pace





Published by Pepper Pace Publications





Cover design;

Ho-Z Design

http://hozdesign.com/



This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Any reference to music is in no attempt to claim ownership. All rights belong to the musical artists. This book contains graphic depictions of sexual acts, explicit language and is intended for adults only. This book is part of a series and should be read in order.



Copyright © 2013, 2014, 2015 Pepper Pace.

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever, except for short excerpts appearing in book reviews. For reprint or excerpt permission inquiries, please contact the author by e-mail at pepperpace.author@yahoo.com or http://pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com. No new to be high, music used by permission of Ho-Z.



Wheels of Steel book 4 first published and distributed in the United States of America in 2015.





Dedication





Jun Seeba aka Nujabes. February 7, 1974 – February 26, 2010





ABOUT WHEELS OF STEEL





Most who are familiar with my writings know the origins of Wheels of Steel. A young man by the name of Ho-Z sent me a letter about creating a romantic story that includes a man in a wheelchair. Afterwards, Ho-Z became a dear friend of mine, as well as my musical ‘twin’. We could talk music for hours upon hours and the fact that this twenty-one year old Caucasian Norwegian kid knows more about hiphop than I do was mind-blowing. The fact that he is also stricken with cerebral palsy is a stumbling block but not a blockade. A digital artist, musician, as well as an entrepreneur, Ho-Z taught me that you don’t have to ‘ignore’ your perceived disabilities—but be proud of your accomplishments despite them.

As I used him as an inspiration for the hero in the story I decided that the character of Top would have cerebral palsy as well. Top and Ho-Z are not one in the same but his musical knowledge was an aspect of the story that I had to incorporate. How could I not?

But what many people don’t know is that there are very many elements of WOS that have been pulled from my own personal life. At the time that I wrote this story I was going through the same stomach problems that Robin was experiencing. Robin was coming to terms with the loss of her father—as was I, and the scene where she remembers her last days with him was pulled straight from my own life. My dear friend had the same unfortunate history as Belinda and perhaps that is why this story touches so many people—because pain recognizes pain.

As mentioned before, this story has appeared in separate books but it is still truly only one story. It is not my intent to leave you with cliff-hangers, however that will probably be the case. Some may ask how long this series will be and for that I have no answer. I do not want this story to die and so as long as I have the power to do so, I will continue to breath life into it. Thank you.





Table of Contents





Dedication

ABOUT WHEELS OF STEEL

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty-one

Chapter Twenty-two

Chapter Twenty-three

Chapter Twenty-four

Epilogue

About the Author

Awards





Chapter One




“We are two people tip-toeing through a minefield,” Robin said. “We’re afraid to mess up, afraid of how easy it is to lose everything.”

Belinda listened. She was staring at her bare feet against the neatly trimmed grass and clover. She and Robin were in the garden, which was made private by tall hedges and shade trees. There was a stone path that led from the kitchen nook to a private area where comfortable outdoor furniture had been situated around a stone fire pit.

They were supposed to be getting ready for the barbecue that Jason was having to celebrate his birthday but somehow one thing had led to another and Robin and Belinda had gone from gossiping about trivial events that they’d seen on Twitter to having a deep heart to heart about Jason and Robin’s relationship—all while sharing a joint.

They were reclining on a low black wicker sectional, which was piled high with cushions. Robin was lying on the chaise portion while Belinda was propped up on the sofa portion.

Belinda flicked her toes against the soft grass, enjoying the feel of it and enjoying the missed time with her friend.

“You and Jason have had some rough times. But with Amberly heading back to Japan the main part of your problems are gone.” Belinda quickly added; “Not that I don’t love that girl, but there was no way that she could think things would be hunky dory between you two. Not after you decked her and not after you sang that song about her.” Belinda shook her head at the idea of Robin Mathena from six months ago doing those things to Amberly.

Robin had been outraged after she had slept with Jason only to learn afterwards that he had Amberly actually living in his house. Robin had not only decked her but had decked him too. After she had calmed some, she had regretted her actions and had invited the entire crew to last night’s final performance of the summer for her group Orange Crush.

But then Robin had looked at Amberly sitting there so happy and something had welled up inside of her—maybe not hatred but she would never trust that girl again. And the result had been a song—a special song that she had sang directly to Amberly. Amberly had gotten the message loud and clear and last night she and her husband had moved out of Jason’s place by the time the two of them had returned.

Jason hadn’t been happy about her actions. At the time it had seemed completely appropriate … this morning, when she was no longer high it was a different story.

Robin took another draw from the joint and passed it back to Belinda. “It’s not just Amberly.” She closed her eyes. “He hated what I did, but he didn’t tell me that. He wouldn’t dare tell me that. I know that when it comes to her, he has to walk a delicate line—but even before that, this entire week has been sex—which is always good, and fear. It’s that fear that prevents us from being who we used to be.” Robin sat up from the chaise and looked at Belinda closely.

“It’s him afraid that one little thing will send me running away. It’s me not wanting to put all of my eggs into one basket. I feel like I need to hold something back. But I don’t want to wonder when the next shoe is going to drop. And that’s what I’m doing—what we’re both doing. I’m not the same person that I used to be, Belinda. I’m not going to allow myself to hurt like I did before. I’m putting something around my heart now and it’s got …” she looked at a distant point. “It’s got spikes around it.”

Belinda took a draw from the joint and handed it back to Robin who declined it with a short wave of her hand. Belinda thought about her friend’s words and remembered when she had done the same, had thrown their friendship back at them because by not letting people in they couldn’t hurt you—but also they couldn’t love you. She sighed.

“Look, maybe this is the way you’re supposed to be for a while. Careful. It’s like self-preservation. You’re not going to allow your feelings to keep getting beat up on. But …” Belinda swallowed. “Pain can change you. A lot of people put armor around themselves and they live a lonely life; a long lonely life. That could have been me—if I hadn’t opened up and let you guys back in. If I hadn’t opened my heart I wouldn’t be here now sitting with you.”

Robin smiled and squeezed Belinda’s knee affectionately. She thought about how Miss Lucille had spent the last thirty years fantasizing about a life that she had not allowed herself to live. And what about her own Mother? After her daddy’s death it had taken two full years for her mother to admit to herself that she was more than a widow.

Belinda continued talking. “We all have to ask ourselves what it is we want in the deepest parts of our hearts—the parts that we don’t share with others because it’s a part that we can hardly tell ourselves.”

Robin looked at Belinda quickly.

She continued, “Then we have to decide if the price we have to pay is worth it.”

Robin had already asked herself and answered that question. She wanted to love Jason. That was the thing she most desired.

“I know that I can make it without Jason, but without him my life felt joyless. Everyday I waited for it to get better. And there were days where I could laugh—but not as hard as when I laughed with Jason. I could be happy but it never touched the heights of joy that I experienced when Jason was in my life. I know that I can live without Jason in my life—but it ain’t nothing like living when he’s in my life.”

Belinda smiled but it was stopped short when Robin gave Belinda an intense look.

“But that doesn’t mean that I won’t walk away if I need to.”

Belinda took one more draw from the joint and put it out on one of the stones near her feet.

“You two aren’t the same people that you were six months ago.” Belinda could see that in just the few days that she had been reunited with her friend. “You two have to relearn each other, I think. And maybe you won’t feel the same once that happens.”

Robin was shocked by her friend’s statement. She loved Jason but that didn’t mean that everything between them would instantly repair itself. They had broken a lot of things—and among them was trust. She was willing to work on it but neither she nor Jason knew how to be themselves around the other without fear.

“We have to stop tip-toeing around each other,” Robin said while lying back down on the chaise and closing her eyes. She needed him to know that she wouldn’t run away every time the going got rough. And she needed to know that he realized that she was more than just his girlfriend, his caregiver, his lover etc., but a person that had her own individual needs.

Robin and Belinda knew that they couldn’t linger much longer in the garden. Peter had taken Jason to get a haircut and Jason’s Mom and Dad would arrive later that evening to celebrate Jason’s birthday. Jason had mentioned that his Dad was anxious to meet her—which she felt uneasy about. They had only been together less than a week. And although she had no plans to go anywhere, they were still standing on shaky ground.

She didn’t even look forward to seeing Mrs. Hamilton who she actually liked. Jason’s mom was astute and Robin was afraid that she would read her like a book; her fears, her desires, her mistrust …

Jason and Peter returned while Robin and Belinda were showering away the smell of marijuana from their bodies. Peter knew that Belinda smoked pot and while he did not indulge he had no problems with her doing it.

Jason was a different story. He neither drank nor did illegal drugs--and the girl that he had fallen in love with did not either. Jason had fallen in love with a naïve, virginal, deeply shy girl. And Robin was no longer that same person.

She mulled over Belinda’s words that they had to relearn each other … and maybe they wouldn’t feel the same about each other.

Jason disliked that she smoked pot but Robin enjoyed the way pot made her feel, the way the tension and anxiety sifted away, and the way she stopped caring about the small things. She convinced herself that it was much better than drinking and that her ulcers weren’t affected by it. Only, sometimes being high was bad for her. It made her sing songs to people that she might later regret.

It had made it easier for her to be sexually involved with men she didn’t even desire.

And if detected in her blood stream it would make it impossible for her to get a job at a rehabilitation facility working for children with disabilities.

However, if she stopped smoking pot it would be her decision and not because Jason disapproved.

Robin stepped out of the shower with a towel wrapped around her and jumped when she saw Jason standing in the bedroom examining the underwear that she had laid out on the bed along with the sundress that she was going to wear.

“Jason!” she yelped.

He jumped and dropped her panties back to the bed with a guilty expression.

He looked at her and grinned. “I was just imagining you in them.” Which was the truth but he was also imagining taking them off of her—with his teeth.

Jason’s attraction for Robin had transformed in the months since their separation. In the past it had mainly manifested itself sexually. And certainly, he still became aroused at the sight of her in moments like this, when she was fresh out of the shower and naked beneath a short towel.

But mainly his desire was just to have her. Not sexually but physically in his presence, in his life. That desire far outweighed his need for sex. Tomorrow he would be twenty years old and he still wanted sex every single day just like when he had been a teenager.

But now he was different because Robin was not his sexual outlet any longer. He didn’t dream about finding her so that he could have sex with her. He’d spent night after night dreaming about finding his joy, his best friend, the portion of himself that without her felt truly crippled.

His eyes swept over her, capturing her short brown hair, which she would soon blow-dry out into a cute little Afro. And her little round nose that drew the eye to full bow lips that begged to be suckled. And most captivating of all were light colored grey-hazel eyes that peeked beneath hooded, almond shaped lids that seemed at odds with her deep brown skin. She was average height with a shapely body that was neither too thin nor too thick although the latter was something that had taken Jason months to convince her of.

This woman, who had disappeared from his life only to reappear tentatively and unsure, was the one person that he had opened up to and had shared everything with; the first person he’d made love with, the first person he’d shared a pregnancy scare with, the first person other than himself that he’d wept out of fear for and the first person to love him with total abandon.

He inhaled deeply, breathing in the feeling that had grown so large in his chest that it felt like an actual weight sitting on him. His love for Robin was desperate. He would do whatever it took to make sure she never left him again—including reigning in his sexual desires.

Robin crossed the room and stood on her tiptoes to kiss him quickly. She was not going to start anything with Jason only to have to hop right back into the shower in order to wash off the smell of sex. They had already done things this morning that had created the need for her first shower of the day.

She allowed her fingers to run through his hair.

“I like your haircut.”

His response was to lean in and kiss her again but afterwards she slipped out of his arms and hurried to the dresser where she had set up a small menagerie of makeup, deodorant, perfumes and lotions.

“Not too short,” she said while securing the towel around her body and reaching for the deodorant.

She liked his wild red hair and the way it haloed his face whenever he had been too preoccupied to brush it. Now, months later, he kept it tamed but it still ran past his ears and into his face. The haircut had only served to reduce some of the length so that it no longer touched his shoulders. But it was still long enough so that whenever he leaned over her it would still cascade over his face and sweep along her skin to tantalize her.

Robin squeezed her knees together, fighting back the desire that only Jason had the power to quench.

He leaned his cane against the bed and limped to his walk-in closet. “I think I’ll change too.” It was a humongous space and his clothes only filled a portion of it, so the rest he had crowded with unused studio equipment, speakers and an obnoxiously large boombox.

Robin watched him as she applied her lotion. Her eyes swept over his broad back and the way it tapered down to a toned waist. He was perfectly built and if he stood there without moving, no one would know that he had been born with cerebral palsy. His condition was not considered the most severe even though he had been relegated to a wheelchair for most of his adult life. His speech had been slurred and hard to understand and his hands and fingers were almost impossible for him to control.

But within the last few months Jason had gotten back on Baclofen, which helped to control his errant muscle movements. His muscles still pulled and strained and his head swung when he didn’t necessarily mean it too, but Baclofen had given Jason back the use of his legs, that along with a half body orthotics, which encased his legs from hip to ankle.

It still amazed her when she watched him without him knowing and he stood doing some task and his body seemed calm. The CP was more obvious when you faced him head on and his green eyes watched from a face that had muscles, which jerked and controlled his expression that controlled his voice that controlled his hands.

It was all calmer—he was calmer. He was different.

He came out of the closet carrying a t-shirt with the Wheels Of Steel Logo on it. He held it up against his torso.

“Hey, did I show you this?” He asked proudly.

It was black with the name of the new WOS album written on it, Nocturnal Transcendence coming Fall 2015.

Robin stood in awe and took the t-shirt. “Can I wear this?”

“Wait I have a smaller one.” He returned to the closet with another t-shirt.

“Oh my God,” she whispered as she allowed the towel to drop from her body. She tossed it onto the bed and quickly slipped on her bra. Jason watched slack-jawed.

Once Robin had on her bra, she slipped on the t-shirt and hurried to the mirror to see herself in it.

Jason was aware that she had not bothered to put on panties. He pulled off his shirt and Robin watched his reflection in the mirror as he pulled on his t-shirt.

She swallowed back her desire at the sight of his big chest and biceps that tapered down to six-pack abs. His jeans hung low on hips in which a line of muscles formed a V that disappeared into the jeans. His peaches and cream skin was dotted with freckles and Robin wondered if any of his groupies had played connect the dots with them the way she had on countless nights that they had lain arm in arm together in his old apartment.

She slipped on her panties quickly before she decided that they ought to do something else. His mom and dad would be here and they needed to get the fire started in the grill.

Robin searched her suitcase for jeans and then suddenly she felt Jason behind her. His hands were suddenly gripping her hips as she stood bent over the bed. She felt him press himself against her, the hardness in his pants rubbing along her panty-clad bottom.

“Jason …” she whispered.

“I can’t help it. You look so sexy wearing my shirt. Now all I want to do is have you model it with nothing on beneath it. Then I want to run my hands under it while you’re riding my cock.”

Her breath caught in her throat. Jason had always been great at talking dirty and his words always set her off.

She looked over her shoulder at him in his t-shirt, which hugged his muscular torso. Her eyes moved up to his face and she saw that his green eyes were hooded and half closed and his red mane of hair was now hanging in his face as he bent over her.

Oh my God …

Robin reached down to tug her panties down her thighs and then she braced her hands on the bed.

She heard Jason’s zipper a second later but instead of his long hard shaft, it was his lips and tongue that she felt kissing along her slit. Robin groaned and arched her back while spreading her thighs. She felt Jason’s tongue gliding up and down along her slit. And then his tongue entered her canal and she felt his face bury between the cheeks of her ass. She caught her breath in surprise but when his tongue began to piston in and out of her pussy as if he was fucking her Robin’s body clenched and she pressed back against his face.

Suddenly Jason’s finger was lightly grazing her swollen labia and when he circled her clit Robin’s body jerked and she dropped to the bed with a loud cry of pleasure.

“Fuck! Jason … please, what are you doing!” she said in a jumble of words.

His hands spread her ass cheeks and he began to eat her pussy in earnest, lapping and sucking and probing her until she clenched and began to spasm around his tongue.

Her muscles began to jerk violently as she clutched the sheets while her body lay prone against the opened suitcase. Jason’s hands were suddenly around her waist and he jerked her up and swept the suitcase to the floor.

Jason grabbed a pillow and shoved it beneath her hips and then he pushed his cock inside of her from behind.

Robin’s mouth fell open. “Oh! Jason it’s so big!” She screamed but her hips rolled against him so he didn’t slow the movements of his hips. He pounded into her tight pussy knowing that she could take it—had taken it for the last few days, over and over and over again.

He didn’t try to last and within moments his testicles pulled up and he was shooting inside of her, filling her so that when he pumped in and out of her he could see his cum pooling from her opening.

“Robin …” he cried as he felt the last spurt of cum deposit into her depths. Instead of collapsing on her he stayed planted to his spot behind her, his cock still buried within her tight depths and he stroked her beautiful ass with his fingertips. His fingers allowed that and his thumbs traced circles on her skin.

After a moment of laying there with her ass in the air and Jason tickling her skin with his fingertips, Robin began to chuckle.

“Jason, I think it’s time for you to remove yourself from my vagina now. We have a party to get ready for.”

He pulled out slowly, still semi-erect. He liked watching his pale cock coming from her opening. She was brown and pink and tan and together they made a beautiful sight. Could he get away with making this image into an album cover? Maybe a painting just for the inner sanctum of his bedroom …

Nocturnal Transcendence was the name of the album, but it was about his dreams and not just his dreams but anyone’s dreams. It was about who you became when you closed your eyes and fell asleep. When he closed his eyes and fell asleep he was always with Robin.

Robin stood up and touched between her legs before hurrying to the adjoining bathroom.

“Dang, babe!”

Jason laughed and picked up her suitcase and things from the floor.

“You’re on the pill so no worries,” he called out to her.

“Yeah but how much of this stuff do you produce in a day? We already did it twice this morning.” He heard the shower running again. “Ugh, I’m going to be sore, damn your big dick!”

The smile fell off his face and Jason leaned over the bed feeling lightheaded. He closed his eyes and a moment later it was as if the world had dropped from beneath his feet.

Jason’s seizure was not violent nor was it long but when he recovered he found himself lying on the floor flat on his back with his cock out and pointing to the ceiling.

He hated when that happened and he quickly—but carefully—shoved his dick back into his pants before he managed to pull himself back up onto his feet. He could hear the shower still going and Robin humming to herself.

Jason sat on the end of the bed, his smile returning and then he kicked off his shoes and slipped off his pants. He drew down his boxers next and swept the shirt off over his head and placed it neatly on the bed.

Still wearing his orthotics on his legs and hips, Jason limped into the bathroom and pulled back the shower curtain—no glass shower doors for him.

Robin squealed in surprise before she smiled and stepped aside allowing him into the over-sized shower. It was so big that there was even a place to sit and with the many handholds it was very good for Jason, though he seldom used it because it preferred the Jacuzzi bathtub.

“Sorry you had to shower again,” he said although he wasn’t the least bit sorry.

She looked down at his legs. “Are you allowed to get those wet?”

He grinned. “I have another pair. I’ll set these to dry.”

He looked like a Storm Trooper from Star Wars, she thought. She knew that they weren’t very comfortable, but obviously he had gotten used to them. He wore them all day and only took them off in bed at night. While he was getting his hair wet Robin grabbed his sponge and got it soapy and then she ran it down his torso.

“Mmm,” he sighed. Robin washed him thoroughly and then gave him a happy birthday slap on his ass. Jason decided that this was the best birthday that he’d ever had and he vowed that he’d facilitate his future happiness as soon as possible by placing a ring on Robin’s finger. Not today—no it was too soon but the moment the awkward feeling between them disappeared he would do it.





Chapter Two




Dramamine by Modest Mouse was playing over the hidden speakers. Belinda had lit the torches while Peter had a raging fire going in both the fire pit and barbecue grill. Belinda was dancing to herself to the music, her body flowing and twirling among the torches.

Her eyes were closed not to block out the world but because she had nothing to focus on but the feel of the music as it carried her along a darkened path lit with nothing but the stars, the moon and the fire of the torches.

Peter’s eyes were locked on to her. He had moved from his wheelchair to the chaise. He longed to go out and join her, to be within her space of flowing limbs. But he was wheels and steel and somehow it wouldn’t fit.

Jason watched them both from the path that led from the house. It was their moment so instead of joining Peter he returned to the kitchen to help Robin who had just finished wrapping potatoes in foil to place on the coals.

She smiled at him. “It’s almost June and we got a fire pit burning.”

“We also got some marshmallows, chocolate bars and graham crackers.” He said while leaning against the counter to watch her.

“I guess smores are worth the added ten degrees.”

Robin opened several cabinets until she found the pepper dispenser and then she grabbed the coarse salt.

Jason fantasized about her living here. She had agreed to sleep over until they flew off to Atlanta in the morning, and he decided that his new home had never felt as homey to him. The mansion was large and stylish. It was filled with cool things and on a technical level he loved it. But his old apartment with its mix-matched furniture and recording equipment relegated to the living room felt like home. It had a history, it had memories.

Having Robin in his life made everything feel like home. And had the doorbell not rung, he might have done the unthinkable and invited her to move in.

Too soon.

He hurried to open the door and Chase was there smiling broadly. He’d been to the new house on several occasions but his pride at his son’s accomplishments had not diminished. Jason had made a good living out of doing something he loved and now he had success, money, the house, the use of his legs—and now even the girl.

Jason reached out to clap hands with him but Chase pulled him into a heartfelt hug.

“Happy early birthday, son.”

“Thanks. Come in, Dad,” Jason smiled.

Chase handed him a small black gift bag and Jason accepted it curiously. Chase looked embarrassed.

“It’s a birthday gift.” He explained.

Jason propped his cane against his body and dug through the black tissue paper until he came up with a pair of leather racing gloves.

“I thought it might look good with the cane,” Chase said.

Jason smiled and pulled on the gloves and then he gripped the cane in front of him and stood straight with his legs spread so that he looked like a gangster.

Chase clapped him on the shoulder and told him that he liked the look.

“Is she here?” he leaned in to whisper.

Jason nodded with a broad smile. “In the kitchen, come on.”

Chase had lots to make up for and he was astonished that Jason had given him an opportunity to do it. He had watched as his son had gone into a tailspin at the loss of Robin and it had hurt him to see him in pain. But it had also given him the opportunity to comfort his son. And Jason had reached out to him and forgiven him as he sought forgiveness for the things that he had done to those that he wanted forgiveness from.

Jason and Chase watched the pretty black girl as she seasoned a platter of steaks—not knowing that she was being watched. She was drizzling olive oil on them and Chase had to admit that there was something about her that fit with his son. It was the way she moved. Chase thought that she moved like she was being tested and as if she wanted everything to be perfect. She moved as if she cared about what she was doing.

“Robin, this is my dad, Chase.”

Robin jumped and dropped the oil, which she scrambled to pick up before it made a horrible mess. Chase smiled and came forward to shake her hand. He studied her light eyes wondering if they were contacts but they were real. She reminded him of a sleek panther with jade eyes. He could see why she would capture Jason’s attention.

“Hi Robin. It’s nice to meet you.”

Robin scrambled to wipe her hands on a towel before she accepted Chase’s hand and shook it.

“Hello Mr. Hamilton-“

“Just Chase is fine.”

“Okay, Chase.”

Jason lifted a hand. “Check out these racing gloves that my Dad bought me for my birthday.” He walked to her and placed an arm around her waist.

“Nice, babe. I like them.” Chase noted that when she looked at him she relaxed and some element in her voice sounded the way a smile looked.

“I heard you singing,” he said. “Jason has a DVD of some covers that you did.”

Robin nodded. “I sing in a band now. We call ourselves Orange Crush.”

The doorbell rang again and Jason excused himself to answer it.

Robin rubbed her hands together and looked at the tall red haired man that looked so much like the man she loved.

Chase’s hair was more of a rust color and he had it cut short, yet not so short that the curls did not work their way through. He had a rugged moustache and beard but unlike Jason, his face was not dotted with freckles. Robin supposed that the freckles had come from Jason’s mom who was strawberry blonde with both hard edges and soft curves.

Chase had warm green eyes and Robin had a difficult time connecting this man with the one that had neglected his son during his childhood.

She hadn’t forgotten the stories that Jason had told about his father’s inability to accept a son that wasn’t perfect and how he had blamed Jason’s mother for his condition. And yet Jason had found a way to forgive him and she was happy because she’d lost her father and couldn’t imagine turning her back on a parent.

“Our group plays at a place called The Nuthouse,” she continued.

“Well if you don’t mind, maybe the next time you guys perform I can tag along?”

She nodded. “Absolutely.”

She heard Belinda and Peter enter from behind her.

“Chase!” Belinda hurried over and Chase gave her a hug and kiss on the cheek. Peter slapped hands with him and Robin could see that Jason’s closest friends did not have any negative feelings about Chase so that synched it for her.

Jason’s mother suddenly entered the kitchen. Her eyes searched the faces until they settled on Robin. She had several shopping bags in her hands and she dropped them on the floor. A broad smile crossed her face.

“Hi Sweetheart!”

Robin couldn’t help the smile that spread across her own face as the two of them hugged tightly.

“Oh, Sweetheart, I’m so happy to see you back in my son’s life.” Joyce said softly. She pulled back and looked at Robin. “You look good. How’s your stomach?”

“Mom …” Jason said in embarrassment.

Joyce flashed him a look. “Jason. Chill.”

Robin suppressed her laughter at the two of them. “It’s good. I still take my medicine but the ulcers are healing.”

“Good, Sweetheart. Now that you are back I don’t have to worry about Jason hooking up with some trashy groupie.”

Jason’s eyes grew big and his face red. He looked at Robin quickly.

“No—I n-never hooked up with anybody-“ he began to stutter.

Robin covered her mouth and giggled at his expression. She went over and hugged him, letting him know that she didn’t doubt his words.

Joyce turned her attention to her ex husband. Her eyes took in his form.

“Hello, Chase. And what are you smiling at?”

He did indeed wear a smile on his face. “You. You haven’t changed one bit.”

Joyce Hamilton was a timeless beauty in his opinion. When she had been in her twenties she was pretty enough to model. In her thirties she looked mature with a beauty that she wore despite the adversities that she faced all alone. And now in her forties she was still every bit as vibrant but her beauty now radiated from behind knowing eyes. Her mid-length strawberry blond hair was pulled back into a ponytail, which only caused her to look younger. She wore jeans that hugged her shapely body and a tank top beneath a crotched shrug.

Joyce snorted and then hugged and kissed Belinda and Peter.

“What’s in the bags?” Peter asked curiously.

Joyce bent down and scooped up the bags, depositing them on the breakfast bar.

“I got Jason some things to wear.” She withdrew item after item of clothing from jeans, to undershirts, socks, boxers and a belt.

“You’re a rockstar now, honey. So I found you some leather pants!”

Jason chuckled and took the pants, examining them. The smile froze on his face. They were skinny pants! People would see his junk—if his junk would even fit in them!

Peter watched with a straight face. “Those are nice Joyce. I think he should model them for us.”

Jason glared at him and Joyce dug into the bag.

“I got you a pair, too Peter. I thought maybe you two could wear them on your album cover or something.”

The innocent smile dropped from Peter’s face as he accepted the gift. Jason turned and kissed his mother happily.

“Thanks Mom. I won’t be able to wear these with my braces but I’ll try them on later. Peter can try his on now, though. Peter, put on the pants so we can see how they look.”

Joyce patted Peter’s cheek. “Yes, go put them on so that I can have them altered if necessary. They cost a lot of money so they should last for years. I hear good leather will grow with your body.”

Peter accepted the pants and wheeled quietly from the room.

Everyone went outside to relax in the garden. Belinda got the potatoes into the coals and she and Chase drank beers while everyone else had sweet tea. When Peter returned he was wearing the leather pants as if they were a pair of dance leggings and his face was beet red.

Joyce ran her hands down his legs. “Gosh, these are probably too tight. Do they hurt your crotch Peter?” She asked.

Belinda and Jason snickered quietly while Peter buried his hand in his lap to hide his crotch.

“Yeah, their a little tight there.”

“Peter,” Chase called from his seat in front of the fire pit, “go change out of those pants and put on something more comfortable.”

“Yeah, no one wants to see your beans and franks,” Jason called.

Peter was about to give him the finger when he remembered Jason’s mother. He quickly wheeled back into the house and was back within minutes dressed in jeans.

Jason’s twentieth birthday barbecue was a good time. The friends and family ate talked, and laughed and when Peter got his guitar they sang. Some sang better than others but they sounded best when their voices melded together as one. And after the steaks were eaten they roasted marshmallows and made smores and by the night’s end Joyce and Chase were laughing and reminiscing about the good things instead of dredging up memories about bad ones.





Peter and Belinda drove them to the airport the next morning. Although Robin was still tired from last night’s party she was anxious to see her Mom. She hadn’t been able to visit due to school. Her mother and stepfather had decided against a big wedding and had just tied the knot in Vegas where they had a short honeymoon.

Some might have called their romance fast but to anyone who knew Harry and Betty they knew that both had waited a long time to find each other.

“When you get back be ready to work, son.” Peter stated. “You’ve been slacking and we have an album to release in less than six months.”

“Two weeks and I promise my head will be back on track and we’ll jam out and have enough music for two albums. Akita might put back an album in the hole for us—or we can market it to Second Life or Cartoon Network.”

Peter’s eyes lit up. “Two albums?”

“Two.”

He kissed Jason right on the lips. Jason wiped his mouth and shook his head with a smile.

As he and Robin walked hand in hand through the terminal, Jason began to look tired. “Do you want a wheelchair?”

“Nah. This walking is good for me.”

She gave him an unsure look. “It won’t hurt your legs like before, will it?”

He squeezed her hand lightly. “With these orthos Peter might even be able to walk. Shit it’s like having statues around my legs. My legs aren’t going anywhere in these, honey.”

His last leg braces weren’t meant to keep his legs and joints from twisting into weird positions while he tried to re-learn how to walk. And the result had been a great deal of pain, which had very nearly caused him irreparable damage.

Once they boarded, Robin looked around in pleasure as she got comfortable in her seat. She was happy that Jason had upgraded them to first class. She had only been on a plane when going to and returning from Florida where here mom and her had caught a cruise ship to the Bahamas. The ride had been cramped, although at the time she had been preoccupied with other things.

Once they were in the air Jason had leaned over to whisper to her.

“Should we join the mile high club?”

Only his voice hadn’t quite been a whisper.

Robin blushed and sank in her seat. “No!” She hissed and someone chuckled.

“One day we’ll have a private jet, babe.” He was looking out the window at the clouds. “And I’ll be so famous that we’ll ride in limos and people will be waiting at the airports for just one glimpse at us so that they can beg for an autograph.”

Robin smiled and squeezed his hand until he looked at her. “I have no doubt that you will be famous. When I met you, you were already on your way.”

He gave her a solemn look. “I didn’t say me, I said ‘we’. I want your voice on the album, Robin. I want people to hear how special you are and why I love you so much.”

Her eyes lowered. “Jason, I’ll give you my voice. But this album is about your music; you and Peter’s. I don’t want to take from that. You said Akita Tom wants to mix your style with his and me singing on the tracks might not be what he’s looking for.”

He kissed the back of her hand. “I want to try something new. I want to take sound and turn it into music. Just street sounds, maybe a baby crying. Do you remember the song The Ghetto by Donny Hathaway? There’s a baby crying in it and somehow that baby’s cries turned into music. The concept has been around for years but I want to take it up a notch. I want to take your singing and transform it into musical notes.”

She stared at him in amazement. “You can do that?”

“That’s what I want to try. There’s this mixologist by the name of Nick Bertke. He makes music as POGO and he’s been transforming sounds into musical notes for years.”

Robin listened to his ideas and began to remember that Jason was more than just the man that she loved and a talented artist, but he was also a musical genius. If he said he could make music out of everyday sounds then she believed him. And with Akita Tom backing their music Wheels of Steel was going to become top in their genre.





Chapter Three



Robin thought that the Midwest was hot, but Atlanta during the first of June was like one of Dante’s nine circles of hell. This was southern fried chicken and biscuits type of heat that made her and Jason gulp down breaths of air the minute they stepped off the plane and the heat blasted them in the face.

When they entered the terminal the heat followed them, but when Robin saw her mom rushing forward all thoughts of an iced mochalata left her thoughts.

“Mom!” They hugged each other while two men that had never met each other stood back watching with silent smiles on their face. Finally Mr. Benali offered Jason his hand.

“You must be Jason.”

“And you must be Mr. Benali.”

“Call me Harry.”

Jason wasn’t sure what Harry Benali’s race was but he definitely wasn’t black. He had an olive complexion and thick salt and pepper hair that fell in waves to his brow while remaining short around his neck and ears. He was tall, trim with a hairless face and Jason could only guess that he was in his early fifties or late forties.

Robin’s mother suddenly pulled from her daughter’s embrace but her arm remained around Robin’s waist.

“I’m sorry, Jason!” With her other arm she gave him a warm hug and then an appraising look taking in his straight posture and the cane in his hand. Months ago when she had looked at Jason all she saw was his handicap, but now she looked at him as the man that loved her daughter; and a handsome man, at that.

“I hear from Robin that today is your birthday.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

She kissed his cheek. “Happy birthday.”

“Congratulations on your wedding, Miss Betty,” he said.

Betty looked at her husband and took his hand lovingly, pulling him forward.

“Thank you Jason. Harry you remember my daughter?”

Harry reached out to shake her hand but Robin bypassed the hand and hugged him briefly.

“Hi, Harry, nice to see you again. Thank you for allowing Jason and me to stay with you guys.”

“Not a problem. We have plenty of room.”

Harry Benali was a successful business owner that ran a chain of Laundromat/tanning salons. Robin thought it was a strange combination but mama had assured her that it was the thing in Atlanta. Mama had gained some new clients and was doing very well as a CPA. She sent Robin money on a regular basis although Robin was comfortable with the college fund that her mother had finally given her when she enrolled in college.

While they got their suitcases, mama bragged on Jason’s musical talents and although she didn’t have to quite twist his arm he agreed to play some of his music for them later.

Harry looked at the number of bags Robin had brought in shock. Jason said nothing. He’d brought one suitcase and was not about to complain about anything Robin did even if it caused him to wonder if she had plans to stay in Atlanta for the entire summer.

If Miss Betty thought it was odd she didn’t say anything and just kept chatting with Robin about everything under the sun. The men got a cart and loaded the bags while Harry strained to push it outside. He said he’d get the car and Jason offered to go with him so that Robin and her mother could have a few private moments.

“Robin says you have three daughters.” Jason said.

“Four now with Robin.”

His response made Jason feel good about him.

“They’re all older so they have their own homes, but you’ll get to meet them tonight at dinner along with their husbands and my grandchildren. Betty says it’s nice to have so much activity after living alone for so long, but I wonder.” The older man smiled. They talked until Harry pulled the car up to the curb for the women.

Harry had a hard time getting all of the suitcases into the car until finally Robin offered to sit on the biggest one and they placed the makeup case beneath Betty’s feet.

“Maybe I brought too many clothes,” she whispered to Jason who just shrugged and grinned.

They got to the house and both Robin and Jason were impressed. It wasn’t just the size; the house was large but it was a perfect piece of Americana. There was a magnolia tree in the front yard and peach trees lined the oversized driveway. The porch was tall and had columns that reminded Robin of slave days. A century ago her mother would have been a house wench here while she would have been a field Negro.

She looked at Jason wondering if he was thinking the same thing. Well her Mama lived here now so if there were ghosts of a bygone period still present they should be proud of that accomplishment.

They got the suitcases into the house and Jason looked around at the beautiful home.

“Wow,” Robin said. “This is beautiful.”

“This is your mother’s handy work.” Harry said while placing his arm around Betty’s waist. “I asked her to redecorate it so that she could make it her own.”

“Our own.” She lifted her face and he kissed her.

Harry looked at Robin and Jason a moment later and Robin realized that the two were still in their honeymoon stage.

“Let me show you to your room.”

“Room …” Jason said.

Harry was heading up a flight of stairs but he turned to look at them. “I figured you two would want to room together. Unless you want separate rooms-“

“No.” Jason spoke quickly. “One room is fine.”

Robin’s face felt warm until she met her mother’s eyes. Her mother was trying to suppress a smile.

It took Jason a bit longer but he managed the stairs and when Harry and Betty apologized about them he explained that he had stairs in his own home—he didn’t mention that he rarely used them and utilized the elevator instead.

The room was large and comfortable with a fireplace and an adjoining bathroom, which had a claw foot tub. Harry began bringing up the suitcases while Jason used the facilities and Robin began unpacking their things.

When Jason returned to the room Robin gave him a stern look. “Mom and Harry said that we should rest until dinner but that doesn’t mean that we’re having sex just because we’re sharing a room.”

Jason chuckled. “Not everything is about sex, Robin. Let’s just take a nap. I want to hold you in my arms and sleep under this air conditioning. Freaking Atlanta is like sitting on the damn sun.”

She gave him a surprised but pleased look while Jason climbed onto the double size bed and pulled off his jeans. Once he was down to just boxers and his shirt he began to unfasten his leg braces.

Robin helped him remove them. They were made of hard, unyielding plastic and once they were removed Jason sighed in relief.

“Do your legs hurt?” She asked while rubbing them lightly. She was thinking about the stairs.

“No, I was just hot.” He reached behind him and began to prop the pillows then he lay back tiredly and opened his arms for her to join him. Robin slipped off her sandals and climbed onto the bed and into his arms. His arms enclosed her lightly and it felt good to be surrounded by Jason.





The knocking on the door woke them. Robin sat up and rubbed her eyes.

“Yes?”

“Some of the family is here if you two want to come down. Dinner will be ready in about half an hour,” Betty said through the door.

“Oh, okay Mom. We’ll be right down.”

Jason rubbed his eyes and yawned. “Damn I slept like a baby.”

“I did too.” She smiled and gripped his arm. “I’m happy you came, Jason.”

“Me, too. Your Mom looks really happy and Harry seems like a nice guy.”

After they got dressed Jason and Robin went down to meet Harry’s family. Jason was surprised to see them gathered around a birthday cake. Everyone began singing happy birthday to him and he looked at Robin who seemed equally as surprised.

Robin looked around at all of the people in the room from little children to step sister’s and brothers in-law and love and acceptance filled Robin.

She gripped Jason’s hand and he leaned forward to blow out the candles on his birthday cake, his face as pleased as a child who had been given the gift that his heart most desired. Instead of making a wish, he just said ‘thank you.’

Robin and Jason enjoyed Atlanta despite the heat. They swam and went out to eat and Robin got caught up with her mother. When Robin and Betty did things together Jason was fine with working on his laptop or hanging out with Harry. He carried around a recorder and caught the sounds of the family dynamic. They made trips to the park where he recorded the sounds of Atlanta and came up with ideas for capturing the spirit of southern soul in music.

One quiet night Jason played the album that Akita Tom had made which featured the music of Wheels of Steel. In Japan where Akita lived, the album was a smash hit and it was just beginning to get air play in the U.S. where the album was in heavy rotation on internet radio in ambient lounges.

Jason and Robin were having such a good time that when they got the phone call concerning the tragic news it felt as if they had been doused with cold water. Having never lost a person that he loved to death before, Jason was hit hard and for a long while he couldn’t form a coherent sentence.

And then Jason had just lowered his head into his hands and sobbed while Robin held and rocked him in her arms.





Chapter Four





Jason was on the laptop when Robin sat up in bed. She glanced at the clock and saw that it was almost 2 a.m.

He looked over his shoulder at her from his seat across the room where he was seated at a desk. He gave her a slight smile.

“I’m sorry, did I wake you?” He asked.

Robin climbed out of bed while shaking her head. She walked over to him and placed her hand on his shoulder, feeling his tight muscles. “What are you doing?”

“Reading information about the accident. It’s really big news in Japan—not so much here in the states,” Jason said with a tinge of disappointment. He knew that the fan base between Japan and America was different but he wanted to shout out to the world that one of his heroes was gone. Akita Tom was gone.

Robin lightly rubbed Jason’s shoulders while she joined him in reading the news about Akita Tom’s death.



Last night brought sad news for the underground hip hop community; it's been confirmed that Akita Tom (née Thomas Chancellor) died last night in a car accident in Tokyo. The Japanese hip hop DJ and producer was a mere 36 years old. News of his death was made public yesterday when his label Akita Productions issued a statement online. Akita’s family will hold a private burial in Japan.

Akita Tom was known around the world for his jazz-infused, sophisticated take on hip hop beats, and a melancholy, nostalgic undertone to his music that has made for some of the most beautiful tracks to emerge from the underground. In addition to making music and founding a record label, he also owned influential record stores in Tokyo (Genius Records, Ramen Records) and worked on the soundtrack for Samurai Hokoshu, Gobhi and Goliath and The Bushido Code a popular adult anime about a group of multi ethnic teens in 17th Century Japan.



Robin hugged Jason. Let’s listen to some of his music. Can we? We can play it low so that it won’t disturb anyone.

Jason nodded and she felt some of the tension release from his shoulders.

“Thank you for going to Japan with me-“ he began.

“Of course I’m going with you.” She sat on his lap and kissed him on the nose. “I liked Akita. And I wasn’t there the first time but I’ll be there this time. I’ll be there as long as you’re there.”

For the first time since hearing the news about his mentor’s death Jason smiled.





Belinda was able to send Jason and Robin’s passport to them by overnight mail and then the two were on the first available flight to Japan. Mr. Edelson, Akita Tom’s assistant, arranged for the flights and paid for them. He had explained to Jason and Peter that he needed to talk to them concerning some legal aspects of Akita Tom’s estate. There was an unfinished album under Akita Tom’s record label, not to mention other works that had been contracted.

Jason spent hours on the phone talking to Mr. Edelson, Peter, in conference calls with Peter and his dad as well as with his own doctors.

The Baclofen was going to be a problem. Jason needed bi-weekly visits to doctors to regulate his intake. Although Jason didn’t feel that he had time to worry about missing a few doctors’ visits he also knew that not doing so could cost him his life.

He had to arrange for the Baclofen to be waiting for him, but more importantly he had to have doctors knowledgeable in the drug to properly dispense and monitor the amounts being dumped into his body.

When not talking on the cell phone Jason leaned his head against Robin’s shoulder and tried to sleep. It was hard to find enough peace to sleep. Akita Tom was gone, the man who had renewed his love for music making was no longer going to be there for him and Peter and now the world of music production seemed scary and far to complex for a person that just liked creating beats in his home studio.

Robin leafed through magazines with beautiful images of people who were an intriguing mixture of traditional culture and modernized western influences. She was excited about her trip even while she was saddened by Jason’s loss. She looked at him sleeping soundly against her shoulder. His unruly red hair haloed his head and she resisted the urge to place a kiss on the top of his curls.

Freckles covered his pale skin and a shadow of a beard was beginning to appear on his jaw and chin. He had eyes that were green and flecked with chocolate and gold. But those eyes could darken when he was angry … or aroused. He was as passionate and volatile as his red hair suggested—but he was also vulnerable and loving.

Robin leaned over and she kissed his forehead. He was so tired that he didn’t stir. She sighed and as she gazed down at his peaceful face, and Robin wondered how she would ever protect her heart when it came to Jason. She could resist any of the men that constantly approached her after her singing gigs. She had dismissed men that could have been underwear models. But when it came to Jason Hamilton, she couldn’t resist him. He made her throb and he sent her heart racing—even without a touch or a word.

She knew that they loved each other with the same intensity, but Jason had a star on his name. He was going to be famous and she wondered how that would affect him—and if it would then impact their relationship.





After a nine hour flight the plane finally landed at Haneda Airport in Tokyo. Jason grimaced when he stood. His body felt stiff and he was just grateful for a flight with no layovers—thank you James Edelson.

He and Robin were allowed to be the first to disembark and Mr. Edelson said that there would be a car waiting for them. Jason had earned a jab to the arm when he advised Mr. Edelson to make sure the car was big enough to accommodate Robin’s entire luggage. Robin was just happy that she had packed as much as she had. She had looked at the prices in Tokyo and she would not be going on any shopping sprees.

As the two made their way to the terminal Robin saw a sign that said simply WOS, being held over the head of a young Asian man that looked like a teenager.

“Is that us?” she asked as she began to walk in that direction.

Jason caught her hand. “No. Mr. Edelson is over here.”

Robin turned and saw that indeed, the neatly dressed white haired man was waiting for them with a broad smile. Robin then noticed that there were other people holding signs over their heads. Some said Top, some said Wheels of Steel and a few signs read Soul Horizon, which was the name of the first collaboration album between Wheels of Steel and Akita Tom.

Robin stared with her mouth agape until Jason tugged her arm and urgently whisked her in the direction of Mr. Edelson who quickly boarded them into a mobile luggage cart. A driver in uniform was already behind the wheel.

A moment later a girl screamed. “TOP! It’s Top!”

By then they were already driving away. Jason and Robin craned their necks at the twenty or so teens that were trying to catch sight of them. Uniformed security kept the fans from chasing the cart.

Robin looked at Jason who was equally as surprised.

“Jeez,” she said, “Did you know you had groupies?”

Jason’s mouth was still open as he shook his head. “J just said that there would be a luggage cart waiting so that I wouldn’t have to try to navigate through the crowd …”

Mr. Edelson placed a hand on Jason’s shoulder. “We have no idea how they figured out which flight you were arriving on. We got Belinda and Peter through easily with only a few fans waiting in the terminal.” Mr. Edelson didn’t seem surprised that there were fans waiting for Jason as he gave a quick glance at the disappearing throng of yelling people.

Jason looked at Mr. Edelson. “J, maybe we should go back so that I can sign some autographs.”

Mr. Edelson smiled. “No, that’s not a good idea. You can sign autographs at the events—that way we’ll have the adequate security available.”

Security? Robin thought, still in a state of disbelief. Jason wasn’t a shooting star. He was already a star.





They were driven straight to a waiting limousine.

“Wait, what about our luggage?” Robin stated before she would climb into the large vehicle.

“No worries.” Mr. Edelson stated. “Your luggage will be waiting for you at the house.”

Jason was just getting ready to step into the limo when he stopped. “Akita’s house?”

“Yes, is that alright?” Mr. Edelson asked.

Jason gave Robin a pensive look. “Robin … uh, that’s where Y and Amberly are living …”

Robin’s face fell, but she quickly caught herself. This wasn’t about her this was about Jason.

She gave him a quick smile. “It’s fine, Jason.”

Mr. Edelson looked over his shoulder where several young fans had evidently recognized Jason—or perhaps they recognized his red hair because they were yelling in excitement and coming towards them at a rapid rate.

“I suggest we continue this conversation inside the limo.”

Robin quickly climbed in, followed by Jason and then Mr. Edelson who had to block the door with his body to prevent three girls waving papers to be autographed to bowl them over.

“J, roll down the window and let me sign a few.” Jason said.

The older man didn’t seem to think it was a very good idea but the smile on Jason’s face as he spent the next five minutes signing autographs and thanking the fans was enough to put an end to the protests.

“Now we really must go,” Mr. Edelson said with a distinct British accent. “We have more than a two hour drive to the house.”

Two hours! Robin thought. She was tired, she had her period and another two hours after the nine-hour flight was not good news. Tokyo seemed to be just as hot as Atlanta while the plane had been nearly frigid.

“Babe, we are going to have to make a pit stop.” She tried to whisper to Jason.

“Yeah, J,” Jason said while placing a hand over hers to let her know that he had no problem with it. “My girl has the bladder of an acorn-“

Robin swatted him playfully.

“And I need to hit the head—you can’t do much in the toilet of an airplane.”

Robin looked at him in disbelief that he was talking about his bodily needs with the stiff and proper Mr. Edelson. And was he calling the man ‘J’?

“Of course. We can take a respite once we leave the terminal—that is, if your needs can be held for fifteen minutes or so?”

Jason looked at Robin who nodded. “Yeah, that’s fine.” He replied and Robin gave his hand a slight squeeze of appreciation. She remembered a time when telling Jason that she needed to stop for a bathroom break would have granted her a withering look and a sharp chastisement. But that was pre-falling in love. She smiled as she remembered their arguments—and legendary makeups.

Jason and Mr. Edelson—J, talked incessantly about the upcoming events. There was to be a short conference this afternoon concerning the contract with Akita Tom Productions and the second album that was created when they recorded Soul Horizon. The recording had been so long that there was enough material for two albums—even three. Later in the week, after Akita’s brother arrived there would be a reading of the will. Also J mentioned that there was an impromptu tribute album being created as well as several pop up boiler rooms formed by Akita Tom protégés. Jason perked and he and J spent the next few minutes talking about them.

“Boiler Room?” Robin asked.

Jason nodded his head in excitement. “It’s like the Omicron parties only we call them boiler rooms. You set up your turntable and then each artist delivers a set that can go an hour or more. The set is streamed live to whoever couldn’t make it inside.”

“Yes,” J stated. “They are a very big thing in Tokyo and they have been going nightly since Akita’s death.”

Robin saw that J’s voice was even with very little fluctuation, but he looked away before continuing. “Artists have been mixing Wheels of Steel music for years. One of the hottest tunes is More Love with your beautiful voice on it, Robin.” J looked at Robin in appreciation. “In fact some of the more compelling mixes have your voice looped throughout the set.”

Robin looked at Jason in surprise. “People can do that? It’s not illegal?”

Jason grinned in excitement. “Not at all. They are just streamed live for people to share. But the most important thing is that someone is going to say, ‘who is that singing? What song is that sampled from?’ And then it comes back to Wheels of Steel and of course, you.” Jason looked at J for confirmation and the older man nodded in agreement.

“The popularity of the boiler rooms has certainly brought awareness to Jason and Wheels of Steel.”

Jason and Wheels of Steel. What a strange way of stating that, Robin thought.

Before long they stopped in Shinagawa, which Robin mistakenly thought was Tokyo. There were skyscrapers and little shops and restaurants, but J explained that Tokyo would be much bigger and grandiose than this. She finally understood when he likened it to Vegas and Robin’s mouth had just formed a small O.

The driver had them stop at a cute little shop with a hand panted sign featuring large Japanese characters alongside the American written words that stated simply ‘Ramen’.

J explained that it was a popular restaurant among the American’s as an introduction to authentic ramen—which he stated was much better than the stuff sold in little cellophane packets in the United States for half a dollar.

Robin wanted to say that she liked the stuff sold in the cellophane packs but decided that it might make her seem defensive.

Robin was wary of Mr. Edelson. While she didn’t dislike him, she would not soon forget that he had been okay with offering cocaine at a party with the underage members of Wheels of Steel. It was at that party that Jason had gotten so drunk that he had ended up swimming naked in a pool and making out with Amberly. There had been more than one catalyst for their break up but when she had found out about that little event it had been the end for her.

She supposed that she equated that painful period with Mr. Edelson and the fact that he was a man that would provide illegal drugs to an underage person suffering neurological disabilities.

They stayed at the restaurant only long enough to use the facilities and to purchase a carton of fresh ramen to go. While they drove the long route to Akita’s home the men talked about the industry and musicians that she had never heard of as if they were legends, Robin stared at the sights. Every once in a while Mr. Edelson would point out a sight or Jason would grip her hand and tell her some story that he remembered about his first trip to Japan. But mostly Robin silently marveled at the strange and familiar sights before her. And then they were in Karuizawa.





Chapter Five




After nearly two hours they finally pulled to a stop in front of a modest house. Robin had expected that Akita would live in a mansion because he was a successful artist. But she was surprised to see that while the house was beautiful, it was not a mansion.

Karuizawa was a mountain town located in Negano. Robin knew that Japan’s population meant that it would be busy and congested but, as they grew further and further away from the big city, Robin was struck by the spaciousness and the amount of luscious greenery in the lovely small town.

The house was surrounded by beautifully landscaped grounds, which consisted of sculpted trees and bushes. Although the structure was tall it was not anything like the huge house that Peter and Jason had purchased. It looked like a bungalow and would have fit well in any American forest, but it also had a traditional Japanese feel with its wide curved roof.

A cobblestone walkway led up to the house, curving through gardens of pretty wild flowers, rose bushes and small bonsai trees. A metal ramp was the only thing that appeared out of place and Robin knew that it had been added to accommodate Jason and Peter.

The door swung open and Belinda came bounding out followed by Peter who sped rapidly down the ramp. Robin saw that Belinda’s short hair was now a mixture of soft pink and then a vibrant fuschia at the roots. Amberly and Yagano followed behind them and Robin’s eyes locked onto the slender girl that she had recently sent out of Jason’s home—and now she and Jason were coming into her home.

That was irony for sure.

While Amberly’s face stayed impassive, Yagano—who liked being called Y held a welcoming smile on his face.

In the brief moment before being tackled by Belinda, Robin’s eyes scanned the image of the handsome Asian man. Yagano Kurahara was neither tall nor short, he had an average build but Robin could see that his arms were roped with muscles and that beneath a grey t-shirt that sported the image of an Asian musical group, he was athletically toned.

Y’s face was smooth and hairless but his sideburns were longer than usual. His sleek black hair was short and neat despite the presence of layers of thick waves and curls. Although his lids were distinctly slanted, they were wide and revealed eyes that looked like drops of dark chocolate. One arm was covered in tattoos that ran from his wrist to disappear beneath the short sleeve of his shirt, yet the other arm was naked of everything but a single black knotted slip of leather. Jeans and black suede slippers rounded out his look.

Robin’s attention moved from him and Amberly to Belinda when the bigger girl nearly squeezed the life out of her with a big bear hug.

“Are you staying here? Please do-“ She whispered into Robin’s ear.

Robin returned the hug and chuckled. “Yes we are. I’m not worried about her living here,” she replied knowing that Belinda was concerned about Amberly’s place of residency.

Belinda yipped happily and then moved to hug Jason. Peter had already greeted his friend with a fist bump and he fist bumped Robin as well. Amberly called out a brief hello.

“You two have to be tired. Come inside. Your bags are here and Y has already taken them to your room.”

Y and Jason shook hands enthusiastically leaving Robin and Amberly to look upon each other awkwardly.

“How was the trip?” Amberly asked politely.

“Long.” Robin glanced at Jason who was not paying them any attention. “So this is where you live.”

“Well Y and I were planning to get our own place but that won’t be until after … ” her voice trailed off.

“The funeral.” Robin supplied.

Amberly nodded her head. She looked at Robin as if waiting for something, but when it didn’t come she turned and joined the rest of the group. Robin did the same. She probably should have apologized but that would have meant that she had forgiven and forgotten—and she had done neither.





Robin knew that before she entered the house she would have to take off her shoes, but she didn’t realize how big of a production it would be.

“Watch how Y does it,” Jason had whispered. As his whispers was actually his normal talking voice, everyone looked at her and Y explained.

“Robin, turn your shoes to face out, so that when you leave they will be facing the correct direction.”

And what if those aren’t the shoes I want to wear when I’m leaving? Robin thought to herself but chose to keep the question to herself.

“This entryway is called the genkan. When you are wearing your ie no kutsu they should not touch this portion of the house to prevent dirt from outside being transferred into the house.”

“There are a lot of things to get used to in Japan.” Belinda said. “Like, you have to wear toilet shoes when you go to the toilet. The toilet shoes are considered the dirtiest thing on the face of the universe.”

Robin made a face. “Do I want to put them on my feet?”

Y chuckled. “They are clean but they breach a portion of the house which is most unsanitary so you must never wear your bathroom slippers when out of the toilet area.”

“Wait until she gets a load of a traditional Japanese toilet.” Belinda smirked. Robin gave her a quick look. She’d used the bathroom at the Ramen noodle restaurant and it had just been a regular toilet.

Oh shit, I hope I don’t have to squat over a hole or use an outhouse …

Once barefoot they went inside the house. Peter just smirked as he was in a wheelchair and got a pass. They entered into an area that felt like a wet room. There were cubby’s that held the indoor shoes and everyone grabbed a set, including Jason.

“You can choose your own cubby Robin and keep the same pair of slippers,” he said.

“Or if you are a guest you can just use one of the disposable pair that are wrapped in plastic.” Peter added.

Robin examined one of the disposable set of slippers and saw that they were too fine to throw out after each use. They looked like cotton and although white the stitching was yellow and red and they seemed more comfortable than the uwabaki that she had been given which where were white canvas with a strap across the top. She returned her personal uwabaki and opted for the softer slipper.

Robin saw Y smile slightly although no one else seemed to notice.

“Jason your Baclofen stuff is here too,” Amberly said. “You should get your levels checked as soon as possible.”

“My doctor is setting it up for me to work with a physician. He’s in Tokyo though …” Jason was thinking about how long the drive between the two cities were and he was just happy that he would only be here a week—two tops.

Amberly slid open a door made of rice paper against a carved wooden backdrop. Robin had thought that the screened entryway was a mural--it was that beautiful. Once Amberly opened it Robin could barely remember stepping forward. The house was exquisite. She’d been in beautiful houses of late—her mother’s and stepfathers, and of course Jason’s, but the style and uniqueness of this house put the others to shame.

She wondered if this was some type of optical illusion because it was huge. It was an open-air concept but not like a huge square room. Robin saw alcoves and private seating areas. It was decorated in both a traditional Japanese manner as well with Western style rugs and couches.

She saw the hint of more of those screens and knew that portions of the house could be closed off for privacy but they were all pulled back allowing for a wonderful flow.

J Edelson spread his hands wide. “Welcome Robin. Get refreshed and you and Jason can join us here. Then we will show you around the house. You will find that your rooms are very modern so don’t worry about anything. You have a Western bathroom in your room although there are the traditional Japanese style commodes in other areas of the house. Jason can explain how to use them.

“I am going to the office. Jason, when you get a chance I do need to talk to you and Peter about some business matters.”

“Don’t take too long,” Belinda grinned in excitement. “I want to take you out to the garden. You are going to shit.”

Peter swatted Belinda’s butt and she dropped down onto his lap and wrapped her arm around his neck.

“Give them time to get relaxed, B. Remember how much we slept when we got here?”

“True,” Belinda nodded. “That was some serious jet-lag.”

“Make yourself at home,” Y spoke. “Akita Tom would have offered you the same invitation.” Everyone became quiet and Jason smiled slightly and nodded.

“Yeah, Akita was so nice. It didn’t matter if you were a protégé or not. He treated everyone like they were important.”

“He was an amazing individual,” Peter said softly. “I’m going to miss him. I’m just happy that I got an opportunity to work with him even if it was just for a few months.”

Amberly slipped her hand into Y’s and Robin saw that the man had turned his head and was looking down at the wood floor. He then turned to look at his wife and smiled and Robin wondered how the mix-matched couple had fallen in love. Amberly was pretty in a willowy, fragile sort of way. Her dark hair fell in soft waves over her shoulder. Her big brown eyes were bright although they appeared guarded today, but Robin knew that they were normally happy and excited.

If she felt guarded because she didn’t know how to take Robin then that was her problem. Robin knew that she could make things easier for the girl but she wasn’t uncomfortable and had no inclination to ease the tension between them for the other girl’s benefit.

Robin and Jason’s room was comfortable although not huge. There was a Queen sized bed, a dresser with a mirror and an armchair. Other than some artwork the room looked no different than any room that one would find in a chalet or fine hotel in the States.

Robin dashed through the room to one of two closed doors. “I gotta use the bathroom.”

“Don’t forget to use the bathroom shoes,” Jason called after her.

Robin paused to look at him. “Are you for real?”

“Just try it Robin. We might as well follow the tradition.”

“Alright.” She opened the door to a bathroom that was as large as the bedroom. It was breathtaking. The room looked like it should have been a piece of art. The floor was dark wood but there were rugs that looked like woven mats. A corner Jacuzzi was nestled beneath a huge picture window, but there was a cover over it like you would find on an outdoor hot tub. A stand up shower was to the right of a spa vanity with double glass vessel sinks. The shower was like a room but it was encased in glass, which meant it would be an off-limit zone for Jason.

Robin slipped off the comfy slippers and stepped into her bathroom shoes—they actually had the word ‘Bathroom’ written across with a cute cherubic little girl blowing out rose petal kisses. Robin shook her head and smiled but decided that she would go along with the program.

Once her feet were properly adorned, Robin walked into the room not immediately seeing a toilet. There was a wooden wall on the opposite side of the shower and she opened the door only to find a small sauna.

Damn, was all that she could think. Akita Tom knew how to live in style. Eventually she saw another one of those artful screens and when she pulled it back she saw a toilet. Gratefully she saw that it was just a regular toilet but on the wall to the side was an electronic control center. Robin looked back and forth from the toilet to the controls.

“Jason! What the--?”

Jason appeared shortly. “Oh yeah, those. Well you can wash your butt—or your lady parts while you’re using the toilet-“

“Ugh! I heard about that. Where the water from the toilet sprays up on you-“

“No, it’s not like that. It’s not the toilet water, it’s a fountain.” Jason could see that Robin didn’t understand, so he explained how to work the controls and wanted her to sit down on the toilet while he walked her through it.”

“Uh … no.” Robin ushered him out of the room. She had some business to attend to that went beyond reliving herself and the cleansing function of the toilet although strange might come in handy.

When Robin returned to the bedroom she had a smile on her face.

“Jason, you should put one of those in your house.”

Using his cane he walked stiffly to her and pulled her against him.

“Would you like that Sweetheart? Would you like your own personal toilet? I can install anything you want in the house.”

Robin cocked her head. “I meant for you, silly. You know how your hands don’t always work so well.” She went up on tiptoes and kissed him lightly before moving on to her suitcases to begin unpacking.

Jason received the kiss and contemplated whether or not Robin would move in with him—whether she would accept a proposal of marriage from him. He would have to work hard to rebuild the trust between them. It was unfortunate that it would begin under the nose of the one person she didn’t like; Amberly. But it would just be for a week or two and he had already noticed that Robin was not open to making up with his old friend.

This would be interesting, Jason thought.





Jason moved carefully down the stairs. He was anxious to talk to J about all the things the older man was hinting towards. On the plane, Jason had talked to Peter who was just as clueless. Jason looked at Robin who had changed into a long flowing summer dress that brushed the floor. Her short hair was wrapped and partially concealed by a colorful scarf and she was so beautiful that he nearly dismissed J and their important meeting.

But Robin already had her arm hooked around Belinda and the older girl was dragging her off—hopefully not to smoke weed.

“Do you need anything, Jason?” Y asked, pulling him from his thoughts.

“No, thanks Y.” Jason looked around. “It’s nice being back here but …”

“I know,” Y replied. “Without Akita the place isn’t the same.”

J and Peter were sitting around a low table where refreshments of tea and bottled water was positioned. A third man was seated there as well and Jason didn’t know him. He was dressed in a stylish dark blue suit, a blue shirt and blue silk tie. He was a mid-thirties Asian man that wore glasses with tinted yellow lenses that oddly worked.

J stood. “Jason, let me introduce you to Akita Tom’s lawyer, Hideo Choi.” Mr. Choi rose and offered his hand, which Jason shook with a polite nod of his head.

“It’s a pleasure to meet the two driving forces behind Wheels of Steel.” Mr. Choi stated in heavily accented English. “I’ve been with Akita for many years, and he had several ideas for where he wanted to take Wheels of Steel.”

Jason sat down in a chair next to Peter’s wheelchair. Peter and Jason exchanged surprised looks.

“Really?” Jason asked. ”What things?”

J poured tea for everyone and continued where Mr. Choi left off.

“Well, for one thing he wanted to continue to work with you two. The first album has been a huge success and … well after Akita’s death this unreleased album will go off the charts.”

Peter nodded solemnly but there was a sense of excitement that Jason could feel radiating off of him.

“For that reason we would like to offer you a contract to record under the Akita Tom Productions record label. We would like Wheels of Steel to be among the first artist to represent the sound of Akita Tom.”

Peter’s posture straightened and he smiled happily. “Are you serious?” He bumped fists with Jason. “What are the terms?”

“That would be negotiable,” Mr. Choi stated with a wave of his hand, taking over where J had left off. “The important thing is that we need to keep the music going—both Akita’s and yours.” Jason couldn’t stop the grin from spreading cross his face. It was one thing to work on the two albums but to now work on the same record label that had been owned by Akita Tom was a dream come true.

“How much unreleased music does Akita have? Does anyone know?” Jason asked.

J sipped his tea before answering.

“We believe that there are hours of unpublished music—enough for several albums.” J stated. “But we will need someone who is accomplished with the Akita Tom sound to finish it.”

Jason shrugged. “There should be no shortage of people who know the sound. I mean he’s worked with Shim Shu. There’s M.T.N and The A Posse-“

Peter continued. “Akita worked on Hidalgo’s album and that’s his best friend.”

“Yes,” Jason concurred. “That album hit the top ten in America’s ambient charts.”

Both young men looked at J who nodded.

“Yes, and they are fine musicians. But the difference is that they are backed by their own publishing companies and you two aren’t.”

Jason contemplated that. “Okay.”

“So you want us to finish Akita’s unreleased work?” Peter seemed in awe.

“Yes, in part. There are sound technicians that can accomplish a lot of that but no one can fill in the missing pieces the way you two can.”

Jason didn’t know if he believed that. Akita Tom wanted a fusion of the two types of sounds for a reason—because they were different.

“And Akita Tom Productions will continue with new artists?” Peter asked slowly.

“It has to.” J insisted. “We have to keep the music going. We owe it to Akita.”

Jason lowered his eyes. His head ached and he was tired, sore and needed time to digest everything that was happening. But he agreed that the music could not die with Akita.





Chapter Six




Belinda was showing Robin around the house. There were several different levels but the upper area was where Akita slept. The door to his bedroom was closed and Belinda explained that Akita’s brother and sister-in-law were due to arrive later in the evening and they would have these quarters. There was a small studio and sitting area and with a jolt Robin realized that this is where she had first seen the talented musician.

He had set up a video link to the states and she remembered how excited and happy everyone had been.

They walked through each level and Robin saw that there was a room that showed a video feed along with theatrical seating. The television was streaming video of a DJ set and the acoustics were perfect. She began bobbing her head and Belinda explained that the DJ was named and he was an Akita Tom protégé as well as his best friend.

“Tonight we’re going to Genius records where they’ve been having boiler room sets every night since Akita Tom died. Robin, I have never been anyplace that’s so live!”

Despite the sad situation, Belinda’s enthusiasm was catchy and Robin felt herself getting excited by the prospect of going out and partying with Jason, Belinda and Peter.

She watched the television set, feeling herself moving to a mix of a chopped and screwed Drake rap. The people in the audience were dancing and grooving to the beat and Robin was no longer that girl that was afraid to go to a party. She now enjoyed being one with the dancers on the dance flow—faded, half drunk and allowing herself to become one with the music.

“You should consider changing your hair color, sis.” Belinda stated. She too was now dancing. “Nothing permanent, something funky and cool. It’s really common here.”

Robin was feeling the music mix and she closed her eyes and nodded while her body began to flow with the sounds surrounding her. “Yeah. I’m up for that.”

They went downstairs a little later and Belinda explained that they kept the music streaming because it made it feel as if Akita was still in the house.

“I’m sorry that I didn’t get a chance to know him the way the rest of you did.” Robin stated.

“Yeah, I know you would have liked him.”

They went into the kitchen. Amberly was cooking something in a large saucepan. She looked over her shoulder at the two women and scooped back her hair.

“I figured we could eat before heading out to the boiler room,” she said.

“Yeah, that’ll be good,” Belinda replied. “What are you cooking?”

“Noodles.”

Robin opened the refrigerator for the noodles they’d purchased. She sniffed them and then found a fork and began eating them cold.

“You’re going to spoil your appetite,” Amberly said tightly.

“No I’m not.” Robin replied while taking another bite.

“Where’s Y?” Belinda asked while grabbing a bottle of soda from the refrigerator and sitting next to Robin at the breakfast bar.

“He’s going to meet us at Genius. He had to see his uncle in Ginza.” Amberly dropped diced spring onions into the pot as she continued, “I hate when he goes there. I always think I’m going to get a call that he’s been gunned down or robbed.”

Belinda shook her head. “Y can take care of himself. Don’t ever worry about that.”

Robin didn’t know what they were talking about and she stood up and headed out the kitchen. “I’m going to find Jason, I’ll see you in a little while.”

She went to the office where she last saw the guys but it was empty. She didn’t want to bother him but she was concerned that he not push himself too hard after such a trying day. After they had gotten back together, Jason had explained that he didn’t experience seizures the same way that he had in the past. In fact, she had yet to witness one—which was completely fine by her. His seizures had terrified her. He would stop breathing, sometimes to the point that he would begin turning blue. Robin would be happy never to have to witness another one.

She went up to the upper level and heard them in the entertainment area where they were listening to the streaming music of a different artist.

“As long as we get there early enough to see Hidalgo’s set I’ll be good to go.” Jason was saying. He was sitting in a wing chair and Robin thought he looked like royalty.

“No doubt!” Peter exclaimed. He had moved from his wheelchair and was now in one of the theater seats.

Robin saw that Mr. Edelson was seated in another armchair, smoking a cigar while a fourth man stood quietly by.

“Hey,” Robin said. “Can I come in?”

“Sure babe, come here.”

He gestured for her to sit on his lap and she did. He was smiling broadly and she wondered what was up with that. He’d been down since finding out about his mentor’s death.

Before she could find out the reason behind his good mood, Mr. Edelson stood. “Robin allow me to introduce you to Mr. Choi. He is Akita Tom’s attorney.” The stylish Asian man came forward and shooked Robin’s hand with a brief bow.

“Please, call me Hideo.”

Robin noted that the man looked at her with more than just a passing interest. “Robin, I am happy to finally meet you. Akita Tom was very impressed with your voice. I hope you will honor us with a song or two—when you are rested, of course.”

Robin smiled. “Okay … if you want.”

Mr. Edelson nodded, his expression serious. “You are a true talent Robin. Akita mentioned it but at the time you were … uh-“ his cheeks reddened as he realized that he was bringing up a possible touchy situation.

“I was out of the picture for a time,” she completed.

The older man nodded and then quickly changed the subject. “Although Akita is no longer with us, that doesn’t mean that there is not an opportunity for you with Akita Tom Productions,” J stated.

Robin looked at him in surprise. “In what way?”

“Well we’ve offered Peter and Jason an opportunity to be signed to the Akita Tom record label.”

Robin looked at Jason in surprise. He felt her tense slightly but she quickly covered it with a smile.

“Wow, okay.” She looked at J again. “And how does that work with Akita being—well, not being here?”

Peter answered. “Normally a company is not owned wholly by one individual. Akita’s death doesn’t mean the end of the company.” Peter said while looking back and forth from Hideo and J for confirmation.

“So who owns the company now?” Robin asked.

J replied. “Akita Tom Productions has shareholders but currently I have the controlling interest. However, as I said, no one person controls the company. We’re hoping to continue on in the vision of our founder. We believe that the music has yet to meet it’s potential.” He smiled.

“With talent like Wheels of Steel and other young visionaries we can keep the sound of Akita Tom alive.” J continued. His eyes met hers and held. “We’re also very interested in you, Robin. Very interested.”

She looked at Jason in surprise. He was smiling at her and nodding. She had just been offered a record deal without even trying.

She could feel Jason and Peter’s excitement but could she be a singing star? She knew that she had the singing skills but that isn’t what made you into a star. First of all there were tours and hours of producing. Was that the life she wanted? She sang for the joy of singing. It brought her girl’s group enough money to purchase weed and to have some spending cash and Becca and Tracy had been content with that. They had never aspired to be more because they knew the truth—they were good but not that good. But could she be that good?





Robin was unable to convince Jason to nap before they headed out for the evening. He explained that he was running on an adrenaline high and wanted to mess around in the studio, which was separated from the main house. So Robin went back to the room where she immediately fell into an exhausted sleep.

She was awakened hours later by a feathers touch across her cheek and jawline. She opened her eyes to a mop of red curls. Jason’s lips were now trailing along her neck.

“Jason. How long have I been asleep?”

“A few hours, it’s almost eight.” He propped himself up on his elbow and watched her and Robin was struck by the deep green of his eyes. His rust colored lashes lined hooded lids that she was unsure were that way because he was tired or if he was just in need of some loving.

She yawned into her fist. “Did you get any rest, babe?”

“Nah. I’m too hyped to rest. Peter and me were in the studio and I was showing him some of my new ideas. He loved it! We came up with some good stuff to put on the album.”

She sat up. “Congratulations on the label deal. That’s huge babe.”

He watched her. “You don’t seem too excited that you were offered one as well.”

She shrugged. “I don’t believe it yet. There is just too much happening all of a sudden. You know?” Jason nodded. “I feel like I’m dreaming.”

He placed his arm around her and hugged her. “You are talented, Robin. Getting a label deal will allow the rest of the world to know it. It’s going to make you famous, baby.”

Robin knew that Jason did not realize that his words had the opposite effect intended. She wasn’t interested in being known by the entire world. She quickly changed the subject.

“So you’re going to sign?”

“Peter wants to but I think we better have his Dad work out the terms before we say yes or no.”

Jason knew that Peter was excited about the prospect and didn’t understand why Jason wasn’t chomping at the bit. Jason had been excited until he felt Robin stiffen at the idea of him accepting a contract. When he explained to Peter that they should at least talk to his Dad, who was an attorney, Peter agreed.

“So what are you worried about?” He asked.

Robin shrugged, not surprised that Jason could read her so well. “I don’t know. It just seems that if Akita wanted to sign you to his label he would have done it. Right?”

Jason just shrugged. “The label was made just for him. It makes sense that it has to continue now that he’s no longer with us.”

Robin climbed out of bed and headed for the bathroom, remembering to slip on her bathroom shoes. “Well just remember that this isn’t Akita Tom offering you a contract but Mr. Choi and Mr. Edelson.” She didn’t mention that one she didn’t know and the other she didn’t trust.





They took a limo to Genius Record store located in the heart of Tokyo. Amberly stated she would arrive later once Y returned home to which Robin suppressed a sigh of relief. She wasn’t in the mood to field off the girl’s attempts at friendliness. Robin was fine with pretending that Amberly didn’t exist. She had no desire to be mean or rude to her. She just wanted to make her invisible.

J and Hideo were both present and J opened a bottle of champagne. Robin only had one glass but Belinda drank enough that two more bottles had to be opened. She danced and sang happily in her seat so that the ninety-minute ride into Tokyo was a party in itself.

Robin was in awe of the lights and buildings and the throngs of people milling the streets of Tokyo. When they reached a storefront with people dancing and lining the streets J announced that they had arrived at Genius records.

Jason and Peter looked like kids in a candy story as they stared out the limo’s windows to the sight of people dancing outside of the record store. The hip-hop beat of music could clearly be heard blasting from the shop even though the windows were rolled up and the limo was blasting out their own music.

The limo driver pulled up to the curb and popped the drunk for Peter’s wheelchair. A crowd was now forming around the limo and once the wheelchair was in sight people began cheering for Wheels of Steel.

Peter and Jason exchanged surprised looks. They both began grinning like crazed maniacs. J and Hideo acted like security, blocking the crowd back while Peter moved into his wheelchair but when Jason stepped out of the limo supporting his weight on just a cane, the crowd pushed forward, grabbing at him and begging for his autograph.

Robin grew alarmed at how quickly the mass of people had surrounded them and she placed her arm around Jason protectively and hurried him into the record store. Looking behind her she saw that Belinda was dancing in the crowd, thrashing her pink and fuschia hair back and forth while the crowd adored her. Peter was yelling for her to come on and finally she joined them in the crowded shop.

“Oh my God! That was wild!” Belinda yelled. Her eyes were lit up with energy while Robin’s heart was thudding in her chest in terror. They were nearly mauled by the crowd! She looked at Jason and Peter who were equally as excited. They were being crushed in a throng of people who had made it into the shop. It wasn’t very large but where there should have been a cash register a make shift stage had been created. Right now a man was busy spinning an 80’s rap tune; speeding it up and slowing it down while mixing in a hard dub step beat with a heavy bass line.

People were dancing between the record displays, some of which had obviously been pushed aside to allow for more room. Yet the space was only big enough to accommodate fifty or so people. There was three times that many here now.

Someone had a microphone and Robin heard the stranger announce their arrival.

“Wheels of Steel is in the house!”

A yell of approval went up. Robin was in a state of pure amazement that the group was so popular in Japan. The man on the turntable cut his set short when Peter and Jason were ushered up to the stage. And yet he didn’t seem perturbed, only excited to hand over the baton to Wheels of Steel.

Peter had quickly plugged in his laptop and began playing More Love. The crowd went insane. Jason donned earphones and was setting up some records, leafing through a crate of vinyl and plucking his favorites out of the batch. Meanwhile Peter was looping more Wheels of Steels tunes in with More Love. Suddenly she heard him looping Love’s End and her voice sang one verse over and over ‘You don’t mean nothing to me…’

Peter’s mix made it sound so funky and cool and Robin looked around at the people wondering if they knew that was her singing. They were jamming and dancing and swaying to the music.

Robin felt a smile cross her lips. She looked at Belinda who stood next to her, dancing and completely lost to the sound of the music that her man was spinning. Robin closed her eyes and allowed the music to fill her and soon she too began to sway to the music mix.





Chapter Seven




Jason didn’t contemplate whether anyone would like the new stuff he planned to spin. It wasn’t hip-hop or Dubstep but more ambient with notes of Asian and soul.

He pulled up the sounds from his laptop--ones that he had recorded while in Atlanta and he chopped and screwed them into music behind the back drop of Out of hand by Shlomo.

Jason continued flipping records into the mix, only partially hearing the crowd grooving with him. He was flowing into the music so completely that his head bobbed to the beat while his body swayed with the rhythm. He stood without the use of the cane, his leg braces bearing the brunt of his weight for him.

When he finally looked up, after spinning for about forty minutes he saw Robin was dancing slowly while staring at him. He winked at her and she smiled and gave him two thumbs up.

He hadn’t had time to really show her what he was creating. This was the debut of his new sound and by the reaction of the crowd they liked it. He lowered his head and spun some of Akita Tom’s hits into his sounds and before he knew it he had been playing for the better part of an hour.

Hidalgo leaned in and yelled at him that his set was hot and Jason relinquished the turntable to one of his idols.

He went out to the dancing crowd, some slapping him on the back. When he reached Robin he moved behind her and rested his body against her, curling his lanky limbs about her and he allowed her to dance for the both of them.

Peter and Belinda were kissing and dancing from his wheelchair and Y and Amberly had arrived and they were dancing—actually Y was dancing and Amberly was flailing around in jerky motions but oblivious to how she looked. Which was actually rather cool, Robin couldn’t help thinking. She never cared what others thought of her. Amberly owned her Cerebral Palsy. She never let it run her—even when it came to her trying to seduce another person’s man.

Y was a good dancer. He wore leather pants and a black shirt that was rolled up to his elbows, which showed his intricate tattoos. A black hat sat low on his head which he kept repositioning as he mimicked Michael Jackson dance moves.

She nudged Jason to look at him but suddenly the weight of him against her body became heavier. She stumbled forward and felt Jason’s body begin to tremble.

Oh no! Jason was having a seizure.

“Peter!” She yelled. But neither Peter nor Belinda could hear above the den of music. Robin had turned and was now keeping Jason upright. His eyes were rolled up to the top of his head and his body was lurching. It took all of her strength to keep him upright and she was terrified that he might hit the floor beneath the feet of the crowd of dancing people.

Suddenly someone was taking hold of Jason. It was Y and Mr. Edelson. They whisked him behind a closed door in a matter of seconds while Robin followed with Amberly right on her heels.

They were in a crowded office where someone had moved unused displays to make room for the party in the other room. They sat Jason in a rolling office chair where his limbs stretched and continued to tremble for another minute before he collapsed.

Robin stroked his unshaven cheek, which was covered in a soft down of auburn peach fuzz.

“Jason. I’m here.” She whispered and then kissed his eyelids. “Wake up when you can.”

Jason stirred and looked around before sitting up. He met Robin’s eyes and smiled softly.

“I heard you,” he said softly. “I missed that—your voice when I wake up.”

She just smiled and shook her head. Then she kissed his lips lightly.

Y pressed a bottled water into his hand, the cap was already off. Jason drank thirstily, water spilling down his chin.

“We should go now.” Amberly said with worry. “It’s after midnight and you’ve been running non-stop.”

For once Robin agreed with the other girl. Dismissing Jason’s half-hearted protests J called for the limo and everyone went back to the house, including Peter and Belinda who had been oblivious to the seizure.

Jason slept for the entire ride.





The next day Peter was in the bed with Robin and Jason waking them up excitedly. Robin rubbed her eyes and then looked at Peter in surprise.

“Boy, you better not have pulled down these sheets,” she warned while making sure her breasts were covered. She had on a tank top to sleep in but no bra beneath.

“No, no.” He said quickly while a blush appeared on his cheeks, which meant that he probably had gotten an eyeful. “Guess what?”

Jason squinted at him tiredly.

“This better be good,” he growled.

“We got an interview!”

Jason sat up. “An interview? With who?”

Peter hesitated. “I’m not sure. But it’s a popular Japanese magazine. And they want to do a photo shoot and everything. So hurry up and get dressed. A car is coming for us in an hour.

Jason rubbed his head. “No.”

Peter froze. “No? What do you mean, no?”

Jason peeked at him. “Baclofen, remember? Today is the day I need my treatment.”

“Oh …” Peter stated. “The whole deal where they do the readings?”

“Yeah. My doc found a place in Tokyo that can do it-“

“Perfect!” Peter interrupted. “The photo shoot and interview is in Tokyo. You can do them both, right? The Baclofen stuff never takes long.”

“I don’t know Peter. This is my first visit to this doctor-“

“Jason,” Peter pleaded, “this is big time. Don’t you see how important to our careers this could be?”

“We should be able to work around the doctor’s visit,” Robin asked.

“Yes!” Peter stated with excitement. “Get up and get ready to go! We can eat breakfast in the limo!” He moved rapidly across the bed until he was positioned on the edge and then he slid effortlessly into his wheelchair and was rolling out the door.

Robin flopped back down, still tired. She looked at the clock. It was 6:12 am, which meant that her body actually thought it was 5:12 am. The time was pretty much in synch even though in Japan they were a full day ahead. That part didn’t matter to Robin, as long as her body was able to sleep and awake at a relatively similar time as she was used to doing back in the states.

Jason dragged himself out of bed but there was a smile on his face. He was loving this—lack of sleep, interviews, boiler room sets—all of it was good times for him.

As requested they had enough time to shower and dress. Robin wouldn’t leave the house until she’d gotten her hair just right and by that time Peter was pacing back and forth in his wheelchair.

Amberly and Y came as well, along with J who was immaculately dressed in a dark lavender suit that could only work on someone as stylish as him. They drink mimosas and passed around dumplings, which Robin thought tasted amazing.

Jason talked on his cellphone to the doctors in Tokyo while Y explained that the magazine was very popular among the youth influenced by the harajuku style. Harajuku was not just a location but also a trend where the young adults dressed in hip western or Cosplay styles.

Robin’s brow quirked up at the sight of Jason’s shaggy hair and shaggier face but J assured her that they would be ‘polished up’ before the photo shoot.

“Robin you must get a look at some of the sights before you head back to the states.” Y said.

“I want to.” She agreed. But everything was happening so fast. They barely had enough time to think before they were off doing something.

“There are some festivals happening. Time permitting we may be able to attend the Atsuta Matsuri.”

“Oh, that’s the big one, right Y?” Amberly asked in excitement.

“Yes, the one I told you I’d take you to this summer.” Y returned his attention back to everyone. “There is a parade, fire works and martial arts demonstrations. It’s the biggest event held at Atsuta-jingū.”

“You can’t leave Japan without seeing one of the festivals.” J confirmed. Y cut his eyes coldly at Mr. Edelson before returning his attention back to Robin.

“If there is anything you might need, be sure to let me know, Robin,” Y said. Robin watched him and J curiously. The older man had obviously noticed the coldness displayed but Robin was unsure if anyone else had.

They arrived at a building that reminded Robin of a giant grey Lego. J said it was the Tokyu Plaza Omotesando Harajuku.

It was too early for anyone to be roaming around, yet the area was teaming with colorfully dressed teens and young adults. Robin watched wide-eyed at people dressed as baby dolls or looking like anime characters. Both male and female had hair coiffed in strange and colorful styles. Robin felt completely inadequate dressed in jeans and a t-shirt and not even a bit of makeup.

They were ushered from the limo and up to an office space that was decorated in a futuristic style with glowing lights hidden behind structures so that it looked like the walls glowed.

A receptionist dressed like a 1950’s stewardess greeted them politely before leading them into a large studio. Belinda spun around in disbelief at the grandiose accommodations.

“Wow, Peter.” She said in awe. “We’re at a magazine shoot.” He took her hand in excitement.

“I told you, babe. We’re going to be famous.” They kissed and soon several people converged on them speaking in rapid Japanese, ushering them to make-up stations while holding up costumes next to them.

When Robin was made to sit in a chair where a make-up artist insisted on working on her, she protested.

“I’m not a part of the group …” But then she saw that Belinda, Amberly and Y were getting the same treatment. So she stopped protesting and let them put extravagant make-up on her, transforming her from Robin Mathena into a hip rock star.

An hour later Jason and Peter were dressed in what looked like golf pants--but tight ones. They wore jackets and leather gloves and looked very trendy and stylish. Peter’s white-blonde hair was straight and looked shellacked onto his skull. Jason’s red hair was poofed until he nearly had an afro. He looked far from happy.

Robin was dressed in a long purple satin skirt with a slit that ran up to her hip. She was placed into black heels that were so high that she didn’t dare to walk unless she fell off of them. Her blouse was a strange Victorian style with buttons that ran up to her neck and long sleeves. She too had leather gloves and was asked to wear round glasses with one purple lens and one clear. Thankfully they didn’t touch her hair.

Y looked comfortable dressed in a black suit although his pants seemed much too tight to be comfortable. Amberly was dressed like a baby doll in a powder blue dress that was too short. Her hair was adorned with a large white ribbon, which almost made her look like Minnie Mouse. White knee-highs and black patent leather shoes rounded the look.

Belinda was the only one who actually liked her look. She was dressed in a long tight black skirt with combat boots. She sported a black, sleeveless t-shirt with a chainmail T over it, which ran long over her waist. Her hair was spiked and they had given her a beauty mark over make-up that made her look like she should have been in a Mad Max movie.

Jason and Peter were then ushered to comfortable seats where a pretty Asian woman was smiling and holding an ink pen and pad of paper.

A buffet of food was waiting for them but when Belinda went for a fried dumpling she was chastised that she would mess up her make up and to wait for the end of the photo shoot.

The interviewer was speaking and Robin strained to hear. They hadn’t been allowed into the area where the interview was being held. Not that they could have made it past all of the photographers snapping pictures. She saw Jason blink rapidly and hoped that the flashing lights wouldn’t trigger another seizure. Last nights seizure hadn’t lasted long and hadn’t been bad but she didn’t think Jason would like it photographed and then plastered in the magazine.

“Wheels of Steel is a blend of talented individuals who also face differing disabilities. Can you tell us more about your disabilities and how you each came together?”

Peter nodded. “Well I’m a paraplegic. I was in an auto accident while in college, which left me paralyzed from the waist down. I joined a support group for students with disabilities and that’s where I met Amberly uh…I mean Tramp Stamp and Top.” Peter looked at Jason for confirmation.

“I was born with Cerebral Palsy,” Jason continued. “I was mostly home schooled so when I started college I knew that it would be a good way to meet others who faced the obstacles that I was sure to meet. I met Tramp Stamp.” He glanced over at where Amberly was standing next to Y. “She was my first friend at school.”

Amberly smiled.

Jason continued. “I became friends with Peppermint Pattie through her. Both worked in technology and were making amazing movies. When we all got together we realized that we could make some great sounds and images together. And then I met Sweetheart.”

Robin’s eyes widened in surprise.

“Sweetheart added the last touch; female vocals. And that’s Wheels of Steel.”

The interviewer leafed through her notes. “Sweetheart is your girlfriend, is that correct Top?”

Jason grinned. “Yes.”

“Well I’m sure that many of your fans will be disappointed to know that. Also Link is off the market as we understand that you are engaged to Peppermint Pattie,” she continued while looking at Peter.

“Yes, sorry ladies but I’m off the market. And Tramp Stamp is married so we are all taken.” He was grinning.

The interviewer looked at Jason. “Top, do you find that dating outside of your race has effected your popularity?”

Jason paused and gave the interviewer a long look and Robin was surprised by the blunt question.

“Uh, why would it?” Jason asked.

The pretty Asian woman leaned forward. “These are just questions to understand you and the other members of Wheels of Steel better.” She gave him a polite smile.

Robin was beginning to steam. The insulting question insinuated that a black woman was beneath Jason. They’d gone through a lot but Jason had never made her feel as if she was less than him. Robin saw that Belinda was frowning now.

“Well I would hope that people don’t care about that aspect of our relationship in this day and age. So no. It hasn’t.” He looked at her and Robin gave him an encouraging smile.

The interviewer continued, changing courses now. “Your popularity continues to grow. Now in the aftermath of Akita Tom’s death, what are your plans?”

Peter was the one to answer.

“We haven’t really thought that far into the future. Right now we are just focusing on the funeral of our friend.”

“Of course,” the interviewer stated. She turned her attention to Jason. “Top, some have said that the use of wheelchairs was just a prop to get attention. You have been seen walking with a cane. Were you just using the wheelchair to coincide with the name of the group?”

Robin gasped. Was this interviewer serious? People couldn’t really be wondering if he had faked the extinct of his disability. Amberly cocked her head in disbelief and Y placed an arm around her.

She saw Jason flinch before he answered. “No, the use of the wheelchairs wasn’t a gimmick. For years I used a wheelchair because of my Cerebral Palsy. Recently I’ve been working hard to walk and with the use of leg braces, crutches or a cane I’m able to stand and walk. I’ve never faked it. I mean, the journey that our fans follow us through musically also happens to coincide with the changes in our personal lives.”

“Your disabilities make you unique to the music world. Do you believe that you would have the same popularity if you were able bodied?”

A red flush began to creep up Peter’s neck. “Are you trying to insinuate that we aren’t as talented as … what you call ‘able-bodied’ musicians?”

The interviewer quickly shook her head. “No, please don’t misunderstand—these are questions that our readers are interested in.”

Jason made a face. “I thought you would ask questions about our favorite songs and what food we like to eat. Not this trash talk about us.”

The interviewer bowed respectfully. “My apologies. Top, what is your favorite food?”

Jason glared at her before answering. “Pizza.”

The interview didn’t last much longer and then Peter and Jason were led to a stage where there was a background image of a brick wall with fake graffiti spray painted on it.

Robin saw the pinched and displeased look on Jason’s face and when everyone else was ushered up onto the state she gripped his hand. He looked at her and sighed.

The workers positioned Pete’s wheelchair front and center and tried to get him to move one leg up over the other. He reminded them that he was a paraplegic and then they just moved his leg into an awkward position that would have been uncomfortable had he not been a paraplegic.

Jason stood next to him holding his cane with his legs parted and his head lowered until he looked like a demented Mr. Peanut minus the top hat.

Belinda was made to sit on the end of the chair with her fist pumped and Amberly was on the other side next to Jason. They posed her with her finger to her lips in an innocent manner with her eyes wide. Y stood behind her and he looked like the chauffer or butler.

The photographer first had Robin kneel at Jason’s feet, but then she was moved to sit on the other side of Peter’s wheelchair. Finally the photographer whispered to an attendant and Robin was taken by the arm and led her off the stage all together.

After she realized what had happened, that she was not wanted in the photo shoot, Robin tried to fight back her anger. The point that really pissed her off is that she hadn’t wanted to be involved in the first damn place. They had made her sit in a makeup chair for nearly forty minutes and then had dressed her like a reject from a Steam Punk book.

It further annoyed her that it was okay for Y to be a part of the photo shoot and he really didn’t have anything to do with Wheels of Steel. Didn’t it matter that her voice appeared in the album?

No. What mattered to them was that she was black. And that was pretty obvious. Robin turned to wait in the lobby so that her sour mood wouldn’t spoil the shoot for the rest of them, but then she heard someone behind her. Jason had caught up with her and was gripping her hand in the one not carrying his cane.

Peter had wheeled himself off the stage with his legs still crossed in that awkward manner.

“B! Uncross my legs!”

Belinda reached down and placed his legs in their proper position while the photography crew called after them.

“What are you guys doing?” Robin asked.

Jason was frowning. “If they don’t want you in the shoot, they don’t get the rest of us.”

She looked at them all for confirmation. Peter nodded and Y and Amberly were already out the door holding it open for Peter to wheel through.

“Wait!” The interviewer called. “Don’t leave. We haven’t finished-“

“Thanks for the costumes! Now we can go hang out in Takeshita Dori!” Belinda yelled.

“And next time get wheelchair accessible accommodations!” Peter stated.

The woman and her crew stared after them in shock. Y turned to the interviewer with a slight tip of his head as he gathered up their belongings.

“We will return your items.” Although his voice was even his expression was angry. No one else made a move to stop them.





Chapter Eight




Y showed them around Harajuku, an area comprised of Harajuku station, shopping in Omotesdando and the Orient Bazaar--among other well-known sights. Y said it was the center of Japan's teenage cultures and fashion styles, but it also had nice places for adults to shop and sightsee.

They ate at a restaurant called Yoshinoya, which Robin discovered was like the McDonalds of the western world. Robin liked the food but when she went to use the bathroom she was far from pleased. There was a urinal lying on the floor and she was not sure what to do with it.

Belinda laughed at her for a full minute before showing her how to use the traditional toilet by straddling her legs along either side.

“No, girl. You are facing the wrong direction.” Belinda said with an impassive expression that tried not to show how hilarious she thought this was.

“What? Do I have to take off my panties for this?”

“Nah, just lean forward like you’re riding a motorcycle. The rest comes natural.”

“Are you kidding me?” Robin griped. But she got it done while Belinda thanked her for the comic relief.

Before they re-entered the restaurant Belinda stopped Robin.

“Are you okay?”

“You mean with the interview?” Robin asked.

Belinda nodded.

“That was crazy,” Robin frowned. “I didn’t think people would care about those types of things.”

“I think that because we don’t,” Belinda stated, “we sometimes forget the world that we live in. Y told us last winter that Japan was very image conscious and he warned us that there are still some Japanese that wouldn’t understand why Wheels of Steel would want to showcase themselves. Japan still practices separate but equal for people with disabilities.”

“Oh my God, are you serious? We’re talking about segregation right?”

Belinda nodded. “In many ways yes. There aren’t laws that keep people separated but a different place to work and live where it’s possible that you will never see a disabled person.”

Robin went back to lunch and wondered exactly how the people viewed her here.





Jason didn’t stay with them much longer. He had the limo drop him off at the doctor’s office while Y continued to show them around Harajuku. Robin wanted to go with him but Jason insisted that she get some sight-seeing done. She preferred being with Jason but he promised to join them once he ‘re-upped’ on his meds so she finally agreed to stay with the group.

A few people recognized Peter and asked for his autograph but they weren’t mobbed. Belinda talked Robin into getting dye to color her hair and she agreed. Y looked amused as the girls, including his wife purchased cute little knick knacks from the vendors.

Jason called to tell her that some of Akita Tom’s protégés wanted to get together to discuss a tribute album and he wanted to know if it was okay if he bailed on the Harajuku tour. She assured him that she was being well taken care of and J came back and picked up Peter to join in the discussions.

As they rested at a shop that sold shaved ice, Robin noted that Y had rolled down his sleeves. It was hot and the sun beat down on them relentlessly but he didn’t seem inclined to cool off.

“Aren’t you burning hot, Y?” Robin asked.

“It is hot.”

Amberly looked back and forth from Robin to her husband. “It’s his tattoos,” she stated. “He doesn’t show them in public.”

She smiled. “Why? Do you think people are going to think you’re a part of that gang—what is it—the Yaka-something or other.”

“The Yakuza.” Y stated while his eyes settled on her with no emotion.

She blinked. “The Yakuza … they have the tattoos and …” Robin looked at Belinda who also watched Yagano in open interest.

“Dude are you in the Yakuza?” Belinda asked point blank.

“Something like that,” was his response. “But that’s not a topic to discuss here.”

Robin looked at Amberly. Did she know she was married to a member of the Yakuza? Amberly looked uncomfortable but not surprised. Robin then remembered that curious comment she had made about Y visiting his uncle and her fear that he would return shot or not at all.

Y took them to the Meiji Shrine and Robin watched him intently as he explained the purpose of the shrine. She tried to connect the kindly, mild mannered man with a crime syndicate known world-wide for their ruthlessness.

“The Meiji Jingu is a Shinto shrine dedicated to the deified spirits of Emperor Meiji and his consort, Empress Shoken. Emperor Meiji was a popular emperor who reigned from 1867 to 1912. You’ll enjoy walking the grounds. They are very artistically designed.”

When they separated, Y and Amberly going off arm and arm and Robin and Belinda going elsewhere Robin quickly whispered.

“Y is a made man? Did you know this?”

Belinda’s face was open in equal surprise. “No way, man. If I had known I wouldn’t have complained the first time around about the stupid toilets and lack of pot.” Her face brightened. “But on an up note I bet he could score us some good opium.”

“Belinda!” Robin chastised in a harsh whisper. “That shit will kill you.”

“Only if you live over here. You can’t get the good stuff over in the states.” When Belinda saw that Robin was not amused she nudged her lightly. “I’m only kidding. Look, Amberly told me that Y’s father has very little to do with him and his mother. It’s his uncle that has taken care of him. His uncle didn’t like that he married a white girl with a disability. Amberly told me that it created a lot of arguments and although in America you can tell your uncle to go to hell—over here that doesn’t work. Especially, I guess if your uncle is a mobster.”

“Wow,” Robin whispered. “We better go find them before they think we ran off because we’re scared of him.”

“We are scared of him, aren’t we?” Belinda asked only half joking.

“Well … I wish I hadn’t slapped his wife.”

“Oh my God, girl!” Belinda exclaimed while gripping her hand. “You better make nice with Amberly.”

Robin scowled. “No.” She allowed her face to relax. “But I won’t antagonize her.”

“If Y didn’t hurt you yet I think you’re safe, Sweetheart.” Robin gave her a brilliant smile before tossing her the bird.

When they returned to Y and Amberly he was telling her about the different types of shrines. He paused to greet them.

“Have you ladies had your fill of the shrine?” He gave them a knowing look, realizing that they had probably been doing more gossiping than sightseeing.

“I’m a little tired.” Robin admitted feeling her face warm up to match the rest of her. “This outfit is hot with this blouse buttoned all the way to my neck.” Plus she suspected that she looked more than a little bit like a prostitute.

“We can do more sightseeing in the evening hours when the temperature is cooler. We can take the train home, which makes for an interesting trip.” He seemed to suddenly take in their wilting appearance. “However that would take too long. I’ll call for a car and we’ll be home in half the time.”

Y turned away from them and retrieved his cellphone and then began speaking in soft but rapid Japanese.

He held out his arms for them to follow him. “Come, we will purchase refreshments for the ride home.”

Y drove the black Mercedes Benz, which was left for him by a young man who bowed respectfully to him before relinquishing the keys.

The ride was so pleasant and the air-conditioning cool that the ladies fell asleep before long. Robin woke up because Belinda’s hair was tickling her nose from where her friend had fallen asleep against her shoulder.

She looked up to the front seat and Y’s eyes met hers through the rear view mirror. Robin glanced at Amberly who was asleep against his shoulder. Robin sat up and stifled a yawn.

“There’s no better sleep than one that you get while riding in a car.” She said.

“I agree,” Y replied with a smile. “I’m happy you woke up. It’s hard to stay awake when everyone around you is snoring.”

Robin covered her mouth and chuckled.

His smile faded. “I’m sorry about your treatment earlier. I intend to have a stern word with Cut Hihou about the treatment of my friends.”

Robin found that she appreciated being counted among one of his friends. She also liked Yagano to consider him as one of her friends. “Thanks, but you don’t have to do that. Lord knows that America has its issues.”

“Japan is steeped in tradition. We might now have many Western influences but some beliefs are very stubborn to rid ourselves of. Matters of race and disability are just a few of them. I don’t just mean between blacks but even with Amberly and I marrying it was a huge deal.”

“Worse because of your connection to …” Robin trailed off suddenly embarrassed that she was about to bring up the subject of his connection to organized crime.

“The Yakuza. It’s fine, Robin. You don’t have to be afraid to talk about them. I’m not ashamed of my connection to the family. It’s just that its not appropriate to discuss them in the open.”

She digested that and then decided to ask. “Y, how did you get involved with them? They’re an organized crime family, right?”

“Not in the way that you are used to thinking. You probably think in terms of the American Mafia. We are a triad. But we are different. I’m associated with the Inagawa-kai.”

He met her eyes again through the rear view window. “And yes, we are a crime family.”

She wondered what his role in the family might be but didn’t dare ask. When she got back to the house she would do some research on it.

He gave her a half smile. “But we consider ourselves to be a chivalrous organization--ninkyō danta. I’m associated with the Yakuza only—not actually a member, which is why I only have one arm inked.”

“What does that mean?” She asked when he didn’t continue.

He sighed. “Pass me a drink, Robin.” She found a lemon lime soda and passed it to him, careful not to waken Belinda.

He seemed to take those few moments to gather his thoughts. After taking a few drinks he continued. “My father is a kumichō or a family head—a father of sorts … which is somewhat inaccurate since he has never been a father to me.”

Robin could hear the pain in his voice although he tried to hide it.

“I was his bastard born outside of his legitimate marriage—outside of his legitimate family. My mother and I were well taken care of and my father’s brother made sure that all of our needs were met. My uncle is the only father figure that I know.” Y cleared his throat and paused. He met her eyes through the rearview window and began talking again.

“My father’s true son would not allow me to become a true member of the family, although I’m protected fully and have the same duties and allegiances.”

“Duties?” Robin asked.

His brow gathered. “You wouldn’t want to know that, Robin.”

Probably not …

They were quiet for a while before he began talking again. “They described you as painfully shy. But you don’t seem that way to me,” he said.

She shook her head. “Not anymore. Painfully shy was exactly that--painful.” She looked at him. “It hurts too much to feel everything so clearly. So I closed part of that off. Killed it, I guess, so that I didn’t care about things so deeply.” Robin shrugged and looked out at the passing scenery.

“How is that working for you?” He asked softly, so softly in fact, that she barely heard him.

“Okay, but I miss …”

He waited. “What do you miss?”

“I guess I miss the innocence.”

“I believe you are far from jaded, Robin.”

Robin sighed. “I don’t know Y. It’s been a tough year.”

“Yes it has,” He concurred.

By the time they returned to Karuizawa, Robin had told Y all about the person she had been before meeting Jason. She was sure that she had painted a pretty desperate picture of herself but he found her stories endearing and even sometimes funny—like when she described the way Jason had blackmailed her into allowing him to use her voice on Loves End.

“He should have never created that song.” Y stated.

Robin’s brow gathered. “Why do you think that?”

“Because it haunted him while he was in Japan. He would listen to you singing over and over that you didn’t love him anymore.”

Robin leaned her head against the back of the leather seat. “I never stopped loving him. I just didn’t know how to fight back without running away. And now it’s almost like I can’t stop fighting.” She glanced at Amberly hoping he understood what she meant without her having to say it, hoping he understood that she didn’t like being so overprotective of her feelings when it came to his wife but she didn’t know how to be anything different.

Y continued to talk. “Strange how our upbringing can influence so much of who we are. My father’s indifference caused me to search for his approval, just like your mother’s overbearance caused you to retreat into yourself.”

“I don’t know if I can contribute that to just her. I mean my learning disabilities caused me to feel like I wasn’t as good as everyone else. I got made fun of in school until it really was hard to be in that type of setting.”

Y frowned. “What do you mean, learning disability?”

“I have dyslexia so it takes me longer to understand what I’m seeing. Hell, I can’t imagine learning a foreign language, although Japanese characters don’t really look like words but like art. So they probably wouldn’t get all turned around in my head.”

She knew that Y was looking at her, at the tattoo that she had on her neck below her ear. It was inked in Japanese characters and read simply; Breathe.





Jason, Peter and J were in the condo of Akita Tom’s best friend. He lived in a high rise in the heart of Tokyo. Hidalgo was a slight, Asian man with wild dark brown hair and golden highlights that Jason didn’t think was due to a dye job. His eyes were light brown and he was most likely mixed with another race.

He shook Jason and Peter’s hand with enthusiasm and then greeted J with a salute.

“James,” he said in clear, unaccented English, “why don’t you come back and pick up the fellows in a couple of hours.”

J’s brow shot up in surprise. “Oh, you don’t want me to sit in on the discussions?”

Hidalgo clapped him on the back while leading him out the door. “Yes, but we’re going to get to know each other first and chill some.” He looked over his shoulder at Jason and Peter. “Is that cool fellows?”

“Yeah it’s cool.” Peter replied with an excited nod.

“You can take off, J. We’ll call you when we need you.” Jason said.

J Edelson smiled and reluctantly left.

Hidalgo rubbed his hands together. “I can’t stand that arsehole.”

“Really?” Peter asked in surprise. “Why?”

“Because it’s taken me two fucking days to see you two. He wanted you to sign that fucking contract before you spoke to me.”

Hidalgo whipped out his cellphone. “I want you to call me so that I have your cellphone numbers.” He called out his number and then they called him. Once that was completed he eyed them.

“You two blokes look like you just came back from a LGBT convention …”

Jason blushed and tried to rub his hair down. “Shit, no we were at a photo shoot for Cut Hihou.”

“Dude we don’t generally dress like this. Like …I have no idea how I’m going to wash this crap out of my head,” Peter stated while tapping on his shellacked scalp.

“Cut Hihou is a glam mag. They like their boys to look like girls and their girls to look like boys.” Hidalgo stated while picking up a newspaper from a neat cocktail table. He passed it to Peter. It was opened to a picture of them getting out of the limo last night. The headlines were written in Japanese but Wheels of Steel could be clearly seen printed in bold English.

The picture took up half the page.

Peter hooted in approval and then handed it to Jason who saw that Robin was holding onto him and Belinda had her hands up in a rock and roll stance while Peter wore a grin a mile wide.

“Wow,” Jason said. “Can we keep this?”

“Sure,” Hidalgo said. “Tell James to pick you up a few copies.

“What were you talking about when you said J didn’t want you to see us until we’d signed the contract?”

“Ah the contract.” Hidalgo left the room and Peter and Jason looked at each other. “You guys want a beer or something? Water, iced tea a soda?” He called.

“Soda is fine.” Jason said and Hidalgo returned a moment later holding three cans of cola. He plopped himself down on a couch sheathed in long white animal shag.

“Okay, so a few days ago James and that douche Hidie-ho Choi pitched this idea to me. They wanted to sign me, Wheels of Steel, Shim Shu and the A-Posse to a label deal. I asked him why in the fuck I’d want to do that. He explained that he wanted to finish some of the music that Akita and I were working on.” Hidalgo took a long swig of his soda and then belched. “To which I told him that the only unfinished music Akita had was music that Wheels of Steels was working on and music that he and I were working on. Those were the only projects that he had other than a collection of beats that he thought were interesting and that he might turn into music.”

Jason’s brow drew together. “There’s no secret vault of unfinished music?”

“Yeah, in my possession and in yours. You have hours of unused music that can’t be used because it’s owned by you and Akita Tom—not Akita Tom Productions. You own the rights to that music and when you sign with the label that is named Akita Tom Productions—but has nothing to do with the man that I knew as my best friend, then that music belongs to James Edelson and Hidie-ho Choi.

“Oh shit …” Peter said.

“Which brings us to the album. Some of us that have worked with Akita are getting together to put together a tribute to his sound. It’s going to include Pi from The Bushido Code, Scott Marren from Gobhi and Goliath, the A-posse and a few others. We also want you. The thing is that it’s not about the music that you made with him—that’s yours now. It’s about creating something new inspired by his sound, his influence.”

Jason got up and walked slowly to the window. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. It was almost too much on top of everything else.

Jason heard Peter speak. “We’re interested in the album. Of course you can count Wheels of Steel in on it.”

“The only thing is that a portion has to go to Akita’s estate. His brother Bobby is good people and Bobby’s family is all the blood Akita has left. I want to do right by him. Other then that we split the payout equally. It’s all clear in contract. Have your people look it over and we start recording the day after the funeral.

Jason returned to his seat and nodded his consent.

“I’m sorry to give you bad news about James.” Hidalgo stated. “I’m not saying he’s a bad person. He worked hard for Akita. I’m not sure how he got the controlling share in Akita’s company and I don’t care. All I know is that he’s got ulterior motives in everything he says and in everything he does.”





Chapter Nine




“Babe, Peter and I are going to do another boiler room set at Genius.” Robin was speaking to Jason over her cellphone. Her face dropped.

“Oh my God Jason. I don’t think I can stand another drive to Tokyo. I’m exhausted-“

“No babe, you don’t have to come. Get some rest and chill at the house. Have Y take you to the Shiraito Waterfall. It’s really beautiful.”

“But if it’s beautiful I want to see it with you.”

“Aww, babe. We’ll have time to see things together. I promise. Babe … if you don’t want me to do the boiler room I can pass-“

Robin remembered that this was not about her. “No. I’m good. I just miss you.”

“I miss you too honey. But I’ll see you tonight. I love you.”

“I love you too,” Robin said.

“Robin!” Jason yelled before she could hang up. “Don’t sign that contract with J, do you understand?”

Her brow knitted together. “Yeah, I understand. As if I was going to …But what’s wrong, Jason?”

“Nothing. We’ll talk about it later, okay?”

“Okay. Be safe. See you tonight.”

She hung up and looked at Belinda who had been listening to Robin’s side of the conversation.

“I guess the fellows aren’t coming home.” Belinda stated.

“I suppose that means it’s time for you to put that dye in my hair.”

Later, after Robin’s bangs were dyed lavender Amberly called them to dinner with Akita Tom’s brother, sister-in-law and James Edelson. Y was a no-show and Amberly apologized for his absence and explained that he had to pay a visit to his uncle.

Robin wondered if that was code for engaging in illegal activities. She wondered briefly what duties a man as educated as Y engaged in. She dismissed the disturbing thought and focused her attention on J who was talking about Akita to his brother, who seemed much too tired and sad to take a romp down memory lane.

The older man abruptly switched gears. “Oh Robin, I have the contract if you would like to look it over. You’ll find that it’s straight forward-“

“A contract?” Belinda asked.

Robin looked at J in surprise. “Well I didn’t know we were at the contract stage of it. We haven’t even discussed what exactly you wanted from me.” Robin looked at Belinda. “J mentioned an interest in me being a part of Akita Tom’s label.”

“Well we would like to include you and Wheels and Steels as part of the new sound behind Akita Tom’s Productions.”

“New sound? I thought you told Jason that you wanted to preserve the old sound?”

J smiled. “Akita Tom was an amazing talent but so are you and so is Wheels of Steel. It would be wrong of us to stifle your own unique sound.”

Wow, Robin thought. This is totally different from what he was telling Jason yesterday. No wonder Jason warned her not to sign his contract.

She gave him a grim look. “It’s been a difficult few days. Maybe we can discuss it more later in the week.”

J was about to say something when Bob stood.

“Please excuse us. It has been a long day and my wife and I need to turn in. It was nice meeting you all.” Tomorrow they would be meeting with Mr. Choi to go over legal documents and then the next day would be the funeral. If Robin thought it was difficult for her, it was truly going to be difficult for Bob Chancellor and his wife.

Everyone said their goodnights and then Belinda looked at J pointedly. “See you tomorrow James.”

The older man inclined his head and then left.

When he was gone and it was just Belinda, Robin and Amberly present, Belinda placed her hands on her hips and stared at the frail young woman. Amberly looked at her with a guilty expression, already knowing what was coming.

“So you kept a secret that big?”

Amberly shrugged and limped into the kitchen where she began stacking the dishes into the dishwasher. Robin helped with the clean up, if for no other reason then to listen in on the conversation.

“It wasn’t my secret to tell.” Amberly said.

Belinda placed the salad dressing back into the refrigerator. “Your husband is a member of an organized crime syndicate and you don’t thinks it’s worthy to mention after all of these months?”

“I …” Amberly said, at a lost for words.

“When did you find out?” Belinda asked.

“He told me before we got married.”

“What possessed you to marry him, Amberly?!” Belinda stated.

Two red spots appeared on Amberly’s cheeks. “Belinda, Y is more than just his connection to that family,” she stated refusing to say the word Yakuza. “Besides, he’s not really even a member. His father is but because he had an affair with Yagano’s mother he was turned away and cast out as one of the lowest people in the Japanese order. Burakumin is what they call him and his mother. He grew up having people look down their noses at him. Because he wasn’t truly Yakuza everyone was free to shun him but not physically hurt him.

“That man grew up with no friends and no family, just an uncle that makes him do the dirty work so that the Yakuza can keep their hands clean!”

“What kind of dirty work?” Belinda asked.

Amberly turned away and then continued filling the dishwasher.

“Amberly-“

“I don’t know. Y just says that I wouldn’t want to know.” Amberly lowered her eyes.

Belinda inhaled deeply. “I like Y. You know I do. But you need to find out what he’s in to.” Belinda placed her hand beneath Amberly’s chin and raised her face until her troubled eyes met Belinda’s stern ones.

“I know how much you love Y, but you two can’t have this big secret between you. What if he’s involved in trafficking women?”

“He wouldn’t do that-“

“I’m sure he wouldn’t but it could be something just as distasteful.”

Amberly placed her hand over Belinda’s and then moved her hand away. “Y and I are very happy. Don’t worry about us.” She turned away and returned to cleaning up the kitchen.

Robin looked at Belinda and then the two of them left the room.

They went up to the theater room to watch the live stream, waiting for their men to begin their sets.

Robin took in Belinda’s worried expression. “You don’t think Y is a danger to Amberly, do you?”

“No. But his lifestyle might be.” She suddenly began to chuckle. “Amberly as a mob wife. Who would have thought it?”

Robin smiled. “Its so unreal that it’s crazy.”

Belinda looked at Robin quickly. “You should NOT tell Jason.”

Robin frowned. “You think I should keep a secret like that from him?”

“Why not? Now that Akita Tom is gone, Jason has no reason to be around Y. The two of them will be living here in Japan.”

“True.” Robin conceded. Besides Jason could be very protective of his friends and in all honesty she didn’t want him to be involved in Amberly’s affairs.





Robin felt the bed dip down when Jason climbed into it. His hair was damp from his bath and as he snuggled against her she could smell spice and Jason’s own distinct masculine smell. She rolled over and felt his hand move up her body to cup her breast. Robin kissed him, her tongue stroking his lips until he parted them and his tongue met hers.

Their tongues lashed at each other briefly before he lowered his head and captured hers sucking it lightly.

“Mmmm … ” She moaned.

Her fingers trailed down his torso. He was naked and her body suddenly warmed with desire.

She found his long hard length, already pulsating and ready.

“Jason,” she sighed.

His fingers invaded her panties and traced her slit finding that she was already pulsing with desire.

“How do you want it, Robin?” Jason asked, his voice husky with desire. “Do you want me on top with your beautiful legs wrapped around me? Do you want it face down with your ass in the air and me pounding that pussy from behind? Or do you want to ride me while I watch your delicious breasts bouncing above me?”

Robin squeezed her thighs together and groaned. “Me on top.”

Jason fell onto his back and watched as Robin shed her t-shirt and shorts until she was nude. She was brown with dark shadows and café au lait curves topped with chocolate drop nipples that made his mouth water with desire to suck and lap at them.

Robin threw her legs to each side of Jason’s prone body. He was nude, thick upper body and arms that narrowed to a toned abdomen and waist. His strong upper body had given him the six-pack that most men spent hours in the gym to achieve. Jason’s physical build was due to years of moving in and out of wheelchairs or just pulling and moving himself around with just the strength of his arms and upper body.

His six-pack ended in a V that led down to springy, rust colored hair, which surrounded a large and magnificent appendage that could be described as almost club-like. Robin took a moment to appreciate Jason’s absolute beauty. Even his legs, which were not as developed as the rest of him was not made less by the cut of his muscles.

Robin ran her hands up his torso and Jason’s breath caught. He blinked slowly and moaned. Baclofen might have done a great deal to help with his spasticity but it had done nothing to counteract his skin sensitivity.

Robin could feel the goose bumps raise along his skin and so as not to over stimulate him too soon, she lightly tweaked both of his nipples and then positioned herself against his lap, using his shaft as a handhold to steady herself.

A gush of sounds and air escaped his mouth and Jason blinked and stared at her. “Do that again and we won’t get to the good part.”

Robin leaned forward and kissed him, exploring his mouth with her tongue. One of his large hands cupped her face while the other moved around her waist where it settled at the curve of her ass.

Moments later he felt her fingers lightly stroking his swollen shaft and he gasped, his body gyrating uncontrollably beneath her touch.

Robin stopped torturing him and raised up on her knees, positioning the head of his penis against her opening. She watched him, loving the anticipation in his slightly hooded eyes and parted lips.

Moving her hips forward she felt him part and then enter her. Robin’s eyes closed as she savored the feel of Jason’s throbbing flesh filling her, stretching her to capacity. He hadn’t even completely bottomed out and she didn’t know if she could accommodate much more of him.

Jason fought not to move until Robin had adjusted to him.

He saw her gnaw at her lip.

“Easy, baby.” He said, “Slow.”

“How long is it going to take before I get used to it again?” she closed her eyes and tried to go slower but feeling as if she was being impaled.

Jason held onto her hips, savoring the feel of her tight pussy squeezing his shaft and wishing he could go wild in her depth but knowing that it would be impossible in this position--although he found other things to appreciate with Robin riding him.

He reached up and stroked her firm breast, grazing her nipples lightly with his short nails.

“Mmmm,” she moaned.

“Want me on top?” He asked, wanting to spare her some of the discomfort that she was obviously experiencing.

“No.” She worked her hips in small circles. “We used to do this position all the time.”

He gave her a half smile. “Come up on your knees. Remember how we used to do it?”

She smiled and did as he requested until she was straddling him but raised up above him, connected only by his thick shaft which was still buried inside of her.

Jason gripped her hips again and this time he did all the work, thrusting upward. Once he found a good rhythm his pumping hips moved faster and faster until Robin was chanting his name with her head thrown back in ecstasy.

“Faster!” She screamed.

Jason clenched his teeth as the pleasure mounted and swirled from his cock and into his gut before spreading throughout his limbs.

“Fu-u-u-u-c-k-k-k!” He growled.

Robin bounced and rolled her hips along with and then against Jason’s hip motions. She did not remember his ability to move so hard and fast. As soon as her toes began to clench Robin moved forward and leaned over him, rubbing her breasts against his chest and the tight nubs of his nipples.

He gasped and then tightly gripped her round ass. He pulled her body close until his cock was now buried so deeply into her that his testicles threatened to follow.

She nipped his lip in response and then the both of them were climaxing together.

When Jason and Robin could think again they were splayed out against each other, exhausted, sweaty but content.

Robin lifted her head from the pillow. “Don’t fall asleep yet, Jason.”

“Hm?” He said already halfway there. “You’ll have to get the washcloth, babe. I already took off my braces.”

“No, not that. What were you talking about when you said not to sign Mr. Edelson’s contract?”

Jason’s eyes popped open. “Oh shit, I meant to tell you that me and Peter got the low down from Hidalgo.” He spent the next few minutes telling her about Hidalgo’s thoughts and he had to admit that he was in agreement that Mr. Edelson and Mr. Choi were probably in it for the unrecorded Akita Tom music.

While Robin listened she went into the attached bathroom for a washcloth to wipe away their congealing body fluids before they found themselves glued together. She forgot to put on the bathroom shoes and Jason jokingly told her that she wasn’t allowed back into the bed until she washed her feet.

To which she gave him a blowjob and all was forgiven.





The ringing of Jason’s cellphone awoke her and Robin peeled her eyes open enough to look at the clock. It was just after eight a.m. Not an ungodly hour but her body had yet to adjust to being made to do so much with only a few hours of sleep.

Jason was so deeply asleep that he didn’t stir and she reached over him and picked up his cell phone from the nightstand.

“Hello?” She stated politely even though she wanted to cuss out whoever was on the other end for interrupting her sleep.

“Oh,” the male voice said, sounding unsure. “I was trying to get in touch with Top--Top from Wheels of Steel.”

“Top is sleeping.” She suppressed a yawn. “Can I take a message?”

“This is Hidalgo—a friend of Akita Tom.”

Robin sat up suddenly. “Hidalgo? I heard your boiler room set the night we arrived. It was amazing,” she gushed.

“Thank you. Is this Sweetheart?”

He knew her?! “Yes it is,” she beamed.

“I could tell by your voice. You talk like you’re singing—even though I was so ungracious to interrupt your sleep. Can you just ask Top to call me when he gets a chance? There’s a party tonight and I’d like to introduce him and Peter to some of the artists that will be working on the album.”

“I can wake him up if you need me to-“

“No. No, that won’t be necessary. He can call me later. Sorry for the early call.”

“No problem,” She smiled feeling like a groupie. I’ll have him call you as soon as he wakes up.”

She heard him chuckle over the phone. “Thanks, love.”

Robin showered and got dressed, admiring her funky new blue bangs. She put on shorts, sneakers and a sleeveless T-shirt in preparation for the heat of the day.

Jason was still asleep when she went downstairs. As always music was playing over the hidden speakers—this time a soft, hip hop, ambient tune. The shoji doors were again open, allowing for a vibe that was artsy yet homey.

Robin heard commotion in the kitchen so that’s where she went.

Y, Amberly and Belinda were having breakfast and chatting.

“Hey, sleepyhead.” Belinda said. She was bright-eyed and bushy-tailed wearing a vibrant floor length jumper dress that reached the floor and matched perfectly with the pink of her hair.

“Good morning Robin,” Y said.

“Morning,” said Amberly.

“Good morning,” Robin replied. “Where are Akita’s brother and sister-in-law?”

Y had been sitting at the breakfast bar and he stood and moved his dishes to the dishwasher. “They're sleeping in. The flight and getting everything prepared for the funeral has taken a toll. There's a conference plan to discuss Akita’s will and the legal aspects of the estate. Hideo requested that we all be present.” Y glanced at his watch. “Hideo and James should be here at noon.” Y moved to the refrigerator. “What would you like for breakfast?” He asked.

Robin shooed him away. “You don’t have to do that, Y. I’m going to make something for me and Jason.”

“There’s fried sausage and ham on the stove.” Amberly said quietly.

Yesterday Robin would have shrugged and then gone for a meatless breakfast but today she said thank you and grabbed a carton of eggs from the fridge to go along with it. She saw bagels and cream cheese and grabbed them as well.

“Did you sleep well?” Belinda asked.

“Yes finally, and would still be asleep if Hidalgo hadn’t called to invite Jason and Peter to a party tonight.”

“Awesome, I wonder if we can all go.” Belinda replied.

“Hidalgo is very cool. I like that guy. I’m sure he won’t have a problem with you attending any party that Peter and Jason are invited to.” Y said, which went a long way for confirming her own thoughts about Hidalgo. Since Y had given James the stink-eye it seemed that his judgment was probably accurate. She might ask him his thoughts on J at a later time.

As Robin cooked they talked a bit but Amberly was noticeably quiet. She was usually the most talkative of anyone. Robin saw that she was drinking tea and quietly reading The USA Today. Robin’s resolve began to crack as she felt a little bad for her.

Fuck it all! She was being childish. She had to get along with this woman because there just was no other choice. Amberly was here to stay … at least for as long as they were forced to be in Japan.

“You didn’t dye your hair yet.” Robin commented nonchalantly. Everyone grew quiet and Amberly’s eyes moved up from the paper that she was reading to meet Robin’s.

“I would have done it last night—with Belinda,” Amberly replied. “But she was too busy doing that with you.”

Y’s mouth formed a big O and then he turned and walked out of the room. Belinda opened her mouth and closed it.

“I’m sorry Amberly,” Belinda began.

“Well,” Robin interrupted. “We can dye your hair tonight in case we’re allowed into the party.”

Amberly lowered the paper and met Robin’s eyes directly. “Why? Are you planning to burn out my hair or something?”

Robin suppressed a grin while Belinda gasped.

“No.” was Robin’s response.

Belinda got up and walked out the room. She seemed to know that it was time for Amberly and Robin to finally hash it out.





Chapter Ten




Robin moved the skillet of eggs from the burner and turned it off before facing Amberly again. “I’m sorry,” Robin said with a smug grin. Amberly’s face began to form a smile before Robin continued. “Sorry that you don’t seem to understand why I don’t trust you.”

The smile fell away from Amberly’s face. She paused before responding. “Well, it seems that no amount of apologies is going to change that.”

“No,” Robin agreed while crossing her arms in front of her. “But we still have to figure out a way to get along.”

“Maybe … maybe not. I don’t like you either, you know. But that doesn’t stop me from being polite.”

Robin’s brow moved up. “Good to know that up front.”

Amberly’s eyes narrowed and she slammed the newspaper to the table. “You need to get over it Robin! We were drunk and stupid shit happened! You forgave Jason-“

Robin pushed her body off from the cabinet that she was leaning against. “Wait a minute, first of all I love Jason. And even still I turned my back on him. What you think of as a ‘little’ thing crushed my heart!” Robin tapped her chest while she narrowed her eyes.

“I wasn’t like the rest of you. I didn’t know that I was smart or pretty or talented. I thought I was dumb and ugly and that no one would ever value anything about me. When Jason loved me I fell into it with everything. I didn’t hold anything back!

“That stupid shit, as you called it, made me realize that it wasn’t deep. It wasn’t as important as I had thought-“

Amberly shook her head. “Robin! Jason was high. He was drunk and he was high!”

“And you were a fake!” Robin yelled.

“Fake?” Amberly raised her hands in confusion.

“You lied right in my face and told me that you wanted us to be friends. You told me that you didn’t have any hidden agenda and you asked me to trust you Amberly, and I did and then you stripped in a pool and tried to fuck my man!”

Amberly shook her head in defeat. “Yeah … well it wasn’t just me, Robin. Jason played a part in that-“

“And that’s what-!”

Amberly interrupted. “AND you found it in your heart to forgive him. I’m not going to keep begging you for forgiveness. I am more sorry than you will ever know. I lost my best friend. I lost the respect of people that are more important to me than my own family! I’ve tried to move past it but you won’t let it go.”

Robin’s eyes moved to a spot behind Amberly while she tried to focus on calming down her thudding heart.

After she got control of her anger Robin met Amberly’s eyes. “You made me feel stupid.” She said evenly. “For the first time in my life I belonged—I was a part of something. What some people would consider normal wasn’t for me. I never had that and suddenly I was smart and talented and wanted. And then suddenly I had to reconsider everything that I thought I’d learned about myself. That’s why I can’t do that again.” Robin said adamantly. “If I trust you, or let down my guard it makes me stupid all over again.”

Amberly’s brow drew together. “Where do we go from here?”

Robin shrugged almost imperceptibly. “I don’t know.”

Amberly inhaled deeply. “Here’s what I suggest. You trust Jason. Just keep doing that. He won’t ever let you down again. You don’t have to trust me. As long as you trust him I can’t affect you.”

Robin felt her eyes sting. She looked away and hoped that tears weren’t going to form, because that would just be utter bullshit. Amberly was right, of course. She was holding on to a lot of pain for no good reason. She didn’t have to trust Amberly, she just had to trust Jason.

And Robin knew that she already did.

She looked at Amberly and this time her expression softened. “I don’t want to be enemies. I don’t know what that means for us but-”

“It means that we make the best of our situation without making it hard for everyone that cares about us. We have the same set of friends and they care about the both of us.”

Robin nodded.

Belinda suddenly scampered into the kitchen. “Thank God you two cleared the air!” She pointed a finger at Amberly and narrowed her eyes.

“And for your information I wasn’t trying to play favorites. I want to rebuild my trust with Robin, too. You and I don’t have to do that.”

Robin gave Belinda a grim look. “You don’t have to do that, Belinda. I love you and I know that you love me. We’re good, okay?”

Belinda hugged her. “You were there with me during the toughest portions of my life,” She whispered. “I love you, too and I will never take your trust for granted again.”

“I’m sorry,” Robin whispered, squeezing her friend. “I’m sorry for pushing you away.”

Peter wheeled into the kitchen and paused at the sight of his woman and Robin hugging.

“Did I miss something?”

The two friends released each other and wiped tears from their eyes and cheeks while chuckling.

“Nah.” Belinda said. “Everything’s good.”

Peter’s brow gathered. “B, I thought you and I agreed that you’d stay out of it.”

“I did,” she said innocently. “It worked it’s way out on it’s own.”

Robin shook her head and finished the eggs. “Amberly,” she called over her shoulder.

Everyone froze.

“Yes?” Amberly asked.

Robin turned and looked at her. “I’m sorry.”

Amberly smiled. “Thank you Robin.”

In that moment everyone could feel the change in the air—there was a new easiness amongst them all.

“So after breakfast can we get with dying your hair?” Robin asked.

“Yep.”

“Good, I’m going to take this up to Jason before it gets cold-“

Jason tentatively stepped into the kitchen. “Is it safe?”

Robin’s mouth parted and her cheeks began to instantly burn. “How much of that did you hear?” she asked as she tried to remember all the things that had been said.

“Enough,” He said while watching her closely.

Robin quickly set the plates she was holding on the table and got orange juice from the refrigerator. Jason was suddenly there, grasping her hand and pulling her to a stop. He placed his arms around her body and looked down into her face.

“I’m sorry. I’m sorry for everything—not just for what happened in that pool but for picking an argument with you and for acting like you owed me anything. Anything you offered to me was offered from your heart and I realize that. I didn’t give you half as much as you gave me, Robin. I was stupid. I was really stupid and I’ll never do it again. I hope you know that.” He hugged her, burying his head against her neck.

“I love you Robin Mathena. You are everything to me, honey.”

Robin relaxed, settling against the man she loved as she finally began to release months of anger and feelings of betrayal. They held each other that way until Belinda squeaked out her feelings.

“Awww, that is soooo cute!”





J and Hideo arrived while everyone was passing around yesterday’s newspaper of Wheels of Steel arriving at Genius Records. Y was reading it to them and Peter was shaking his head in disbelief that there was more discussion about their arrival than about the reason for their visit to Japan--Akita’s death.

“Greetings everyone.” J spoke.

“Hey, James. Did you see this article from yesterday?” James came close and when he saw the large photo spread his smile broadened.

“Can you get us some more copies of this?” Jason asked.

“Certainly, James replied.”

“Hello Hideo,” Jason greeted remembering the way Hidalgo had referred to him as hidey-ho. The man sure wasn’t fond of these two. But J had been good to him during Akita’s life and he would not discount any of that now that Akita was dead.

He and Peter had talked about it some in the wee hours of the morning while they were being driven back from last night’s boiler room, Peter playing the devil’s advocate.

“Well what else is he supposed to do, Top? If James doesn’t acquire new artists and there is no more Akita Tom music to produce then all their doing with the label is selling off rights to use the music and collecting royalties. James doesn’t seem the type to be satisfied with that.”

Jason had to agree and he wondered how much more lucrative they could make Wheels of Steel by signing with the label, knowing what they knew.

After everyone said their greetings Amberly and Belinda went off to gather refreshments. When Robin moved to help them J stopped her.

“Robin, will you sing at the funeral?”

Her eyes grew large. “What?” She stammered.

“There are going to be several artists involved in the music which will play throughout the day. Our producers are putting it together now. But we could use a more … soulful approach right before the ceremony.”

“But I didn’t really know him-“

“No, but he admired your voice and although there are several singers involved in the industry, most of the artists he worked with are not as accomplished when it comes to singing.”

Jason and Peter gave her hopeful looks. “You should do it Robin.” Jason encouraged. Robin smiled.

“Of course I will. Akita was important to Wheels of Steel. It would be my honor to sing at his funeral.”

Y had been quiet but he smiled. “That would be wonderful. You have a very good stage presence, Robin.”

Hideo looked at Y. “You’ve seen Robin perform?”

“Yes, in the states she plays with a band.”

Hideo looked at J. “Perhaps the band, featuring Robin of course, would be a good idea for the label.” He asked Robin about Orange Crush and seemed thrilled when he discovered they were an all-girl band. Robin chuckled.

“I haven’t made any decisions about signing with a label.”

J grinned. “What is there to decide? Sign and we make you into an international star.”

Y’s brow drew together. “And I’m sure you’ll put that in the contract, right Hideo?”

Hideo just smiled.

J’s face was serious. “We’ll put whatever you want in the contract, Robin.”

“You’ve never even seen me perform,” Robin said, not sure if this was a serious offer or not.

“Yes I have. I’ve seen the video tapes and listened to the recordings that Jason created.” Hideo opened his briefcase and after leafing through a stack of folders he produced a document and handed it to Robin.

“A contract of interest. You wouldn’t be obligated to sign with us, it just means that we have first right-“

Y took the contract from Hideo before Robin could accept it. He spoke in sharp but even Japanese and then thrust the document back to the man. Hideo gave Y a cold look before responding in Japanese. But he accepted the document and placed it back into his briefcase.

Jason, Peter and Robin exchanged looks and Y spoke to Robin.

“My apologies, Robin. I reminded Mr. Choi that there is no rush in pursuing his interests in you. He should allow your attorney or manager to look over any contract before expecting you to sign it. That is always the course when dealing with legal matters.” He looked at James. “Wouldn’t you agree, James?”

James gave him a polite smile and inclined his head slightly. Y rose to his feet. “Excuse me, I’ll get Bob and his wife and then we can begin discussing the true reason for our gathering.”

They reconvened in Akita’s office and James set up an audio conference with other key members of the label along with artists that Akita had worked with. Included in the conference was Hidalgo.

Bob and his wife sat at the head of the table while Hideo sat the opposite end. Other than Y, the past and present members of Wheels of Steel were the only other people present.

“Before we begin,” Hideo spoke, “I want to thank you for gathering here today. There are large portions of Thomas Chancellor--henceforth to be called Akita Tom’s will that won’t be discussed today. This includes the continued employment of all salaried employees of Akita Tom Productions, henceforth to be called the label, and the terms for that employment.” Hideo looked over his glasses at Amberly and Belinda who were on salary to produce music videos for Akita Tom’s music.

“Retirement plans, charities, and incidentals concerning the maintenance of facilities will not be discussed today. Interested parties can send me a written request for a copy of the full will which will be mailed out within five business days. In addition there are three sealed envelopes with instructions for them to be read privately by the addressee. One is addressed to Miss Aimi Haruto.” The muffled sobs of a woman was heard over the speaker phone and Robin lowered her eyes in respect for the emotions of the people present who knew Akita Tom much better than she did.

“I will hand deliver this letter to you, o-jo-san.” He then walked to Bobby and handed him a thick, cream-colored envelope. The third envelope went to Y. Amberly squeezed his hand and Y placed the envelope into his pocket as if it contained world secrets.

Hideo began speaking again. “I presented James Edelson with a sealed letter which included instructions for the funeral. With that completed allow me to come to the purpose of this meeting, which is to discuss the distribution of assets of the Estate.”

Hideo opened a folder and cleared his throat as he began to read. The room became so quiet that one could not hear as much as a squeaky chair.

“In the matter of the Estate of Akita Tom, the executors of which are Robert Chancellor, James Edelson and Yagano Kurahara,” Hideo began to read what was included in the estate which was a long list of items including the home that they were in now and another home in the States, two record stores and a host of music and production equipment.

“All items will remain in the Estate accept as set forth as follows: The home in Karuizawa will become the property of Yagano and Amberly Kurahara-“

Amberly bounced in her seat and squeaked before plastering her hand against her lips. Y reached out to lightly rub her arm but other than that he showed no emotion.

“The home in Corolla Tennessee will be willed to Robert and Maribella Chancellor. The record store Genius records will be willed to Christian Brighton who performs under the stage name Hidalgo-“

“Crimey!” Hidalgo’s voice could be heard from the speaker phone. Belinda muffled her responsive chuckle.

Hideo continued. “The record store Ramen Records will be willed to Jason Hamilton and Peter Warrant who go by the name Wheels of Steel.”

Robin looked at Jason whose eyes were wide in surprise.

“The studio and all equipment will remain as part of this estate and shall be operated by James Edelson. James’ salary shall be raised by 2.5 percent within twelve months of my death. The sum of 1.5 million will be made available for the operations of Akita Tom Productions in the event that the named shareholders continue its operations.” Hideo began to read a list of shareholders and Robin was shocked to hear that Yagano’s name was amongst them.

“The shares that previously were the property of Akita Tom will now be split evenly between the following …” Hideo looked up briefly and scanned the room. “Robert Chancellor, Justin Kincade who performs under the name Shim Shu, Christian Brighton aka Hidalgo, Miss Aimi Haruto, James Edelson and Yagano Kurahara.”

Robin saw that Yagano didn’t seem happy about the news. But again, this was not a happy gathering.

Hideo passed out sealed envelopes to Y and James—presumably containing stock and deeds and then finished up by advising that other packages would be mailed out within 72-hours. Hideo then ended the meeting.

Robin looked at J wondering about his thoughts on the proceedings but considering that he and Hideo were in constant contact with each other, he probably already knew everything that was going to happen, including the contents of the sealed letters.

Hideo was talking with Y and Amberly. Amberly wore a huge smile and bounced happily. Robin couldn’t help smiling. They were getting an amazing house.

Bob was shaking hands with James and he didn’t seem to have a problem with anything that had happened. He and his wife went off with James, probably to discuss tomorrow’s funeral.

Robin hugged Jason. “You are the owner of a record company. What do you think about that?” She asked. He gave her a peck on the lips.

“That’s bad-ass,” he grinned.

Peter wheeled to them, his eyes bright with excitement. “Dude! We own Ramen records!” They high-fived in excitement.

“I need to call my Dad and fax these documents to him.” He and Belinda left and Jason led Robin out to the back gardens where there was a koi pond and traditional bridge that led across its short expanse.

“Babe, we have to talk about this label contract,” Jason said.

“Is it something you want to do?” She asked as they sat on a bench nestled between shade trees.

Jason shrugged. “Peter really wants to. This is his dream.”

“And what’s your dream?”

He looked out thoughtfully into the pond before looking at her again. “I want to be free to make the music that I like. I don’t want to be pressured to do anything beyond that. I know that I can do that without a label deal. The thing is that I can only go so far. The label has the means to get me further.”

Robin nodded. “What if they tell you to produce three albums that sound exactly like Akita’s last one but you have your own sound—that’s different than what they want. Can you still control what you give them if you sign under their label?”

Jason just shook his head. “I don’t know. We need to talk to Mr. Warrant about it. Peter’s dad won’t let us get burned.”

“How in the world are you going to run a record store in Japan?” She laughed.

Jason beamed. “I want to go check it out.”





Chapter Eleven




Ramen Records was smaller than Genius Record store. There was no way that even fifty people could fit inside in order to host a boiler room event. And yet Peter and Jason interrupted the daily business by setting up their turntables and giving an impromptu concert.

The crowd that gathered was so large that the police threatened to shut it down but Y talked to them in quiet tones and the police finally stayed to keep the orderly crowd from getting out of hand.

Belinda stood up on a counter and began to do a go-go style dance that caused the crowd to go wild. She tried to get Robin to climb up with her but Robin was content to just dance alone in the crowd to Jason and Peter’s hip hop mixes.

Amberly joined Belinda on the counter and they danced together while Y roamed the crowd watching everyone and everything. Eventually her curiosity got the better of her and she joined him where he stood in the corner where he could watch what was happening.

“Congratulations on the house and the shares of the company.”

“Thank you. I was surprised about both gifts but they were welcome ones. I’d hate to see anyone else owning Akita’s house and condo living doesn’t appeal to Amberly.”

“I didn’t realize that you were one of the owners of the record label.”

His eyes seemed to tighten but he remained polite. “I just had a small share. It didn’t leave me with much of a say in the company—but then again, I didn’t need to have one back then.”

“Do you think you will need one now?” Robin asked. “A say, that is?”

“Akita was a pure soul. There aren’t that many of those around any more.”

Robin contemplated his response.

What are your thoughts on James?” The both of them were staring out at the crowd of dancers.

“James,” Y began slowly, “was loyal to Akita. But now Akita isn’t around …”

“Hidalgo said that James is after Akita’s unreleased music.”

Y’s brow gathered. “Hidalgo said that?”

Robin nodded. “He said they want the unreleased music that he and Akita made together--same thing with Wheels of Steels and probably anyone else that has ever made music with Akita Tom.”

Y ran his hand through his hair. “I see.”

“James and Hideo have been really pushy about us signing,” she looked at Y. “but I don’t know if I trust them. What do you think?”

Y looked at her. “I don’t know that the label should produce artists. That hasn’t exactly been discussed. But James has the lion’s share of the company and he has obviously made decisions without my input. So, to answer your question, I would remain cautious.”

Y’s cellphone evidently began to vibrate because he retrieved it from his pocket and placed it to his ear. He spoke in short Japanese sentences and then abruptly hung up.

“Speak of the devil,” He said with a grin. “That was James. He has requested you at the studio to go over the music selection for tomorrow.

Robin quickly looked at where Jason was grooving and having the time of his life performing before a camera, which recorded their activities. Y seemed to read her mind.

“I’ll go with you.”

Robin sighed in relief. “You don’t mind? I don’t want to interrupt Jason but I really don’t want to have to field off too many more requests to sign their contract.”

Y began dialing on his cellphone. “Let me just make sure my head of security is in place and I let Amberly know what’s going on.”

Robin looked around and realized that Y had been acting as security. And then she saw men wearing ear mics situated around the room and she suddenly felt better. No one would be mobbing Jason and the others.

One of the security men went to Amberly and spoke to her.

“Let’s go,” Y said without waiting for Amberly’s response. He led her to a waiting Mercedes.

“Akita sure knew how to drive in style.” She stated when he held open the passenger door for her.

“This isn’t Akita’s. It’s one of mine.”

One?

“How did you meet Akita?” Robin asked once they were settled and driving.

“Ah. That’s a long and complicated story.”

“Well how long is the ride to the studio?”

“About half an hour.”

“We got time.”

He glanced at her and chuckled. Y was wearing dark blue slacks and a long sleeved Henley. His sleeves were now pushed up to his elbows and Robin could see the intricate and beautiful tattoos adorning his arm. There were dragons and large Koi fish along with flowing lines that accentuated the designs.

He caught her staring and held his arm out in her direction, rotating it so that she could see the design.

“Your tats are amazing.”

“They hurt like hell.”

Robin touched her neck briefly. “Yeah it does.”

But Y was shaking his head. “No, mine weren’t made by a tattoo gun. Mine are irezumi. It’s where ink is placed under the skin by hand—one pinprick at a time.

“Ouch.”

“Indeed.” He turned on the radio and low pop music began to play. The lyrics were in Japanese but Robin decided she liked it. Y glanced at her bobbing her head. “How do you like Japan so far?”

“I love it! Everything is so full of history and culture and the parts that aren’t seem so trendy. The food is good and the people nice.”

“Good. I know that it’s been hectic but I’d like to show you all more of Japan, and not just the tourist areas.” He seemed to hide a grin. “I can do that now that you and my wife have made amends.”

Robin shot him a look of embarrassment. “You and I didn’t meet under the best circumstances. And still you’ve been very kind to me.”

“As you have been kind to me.” He glanced at her. “You and I have no beef.” Robin was happy about that.

They arrived to the studio, which was in a high-rise building. Y escorted Robin to one of the top floors where Akita Tom Productions was located.

The people working there greeted Y respectfully. Robin liked these offices much better than the one she’d seen during the magazine shoot.

For one, everyone dressed business casual and the walls didn’t seem as if they were glowing. Over-sized pictures of Akita Tom albums adorned the walls and funky white shag rugs covered the floor in the waiting areas.

Y led her through a door and down a short corridor to a double set of doors—these were glass. There was a small reception area that was currently empty. Across from that was a final set of wooden doors that led to the studio.

James was there with seven other men. Hideo was missing and Robin hoped that he was too busy delivering little cream-colored envelopes to bother her about contracts.

James greeted her enthusiastically and then introduced her to the other people present. Robin didn’t know them from a hole in the wall until Y filled in the blanks and explained that two of the men did the recordings for the studio while two others were popular protégés of Akita and had worked on several projects with him. There was a musician that could play piano or guitar as needed and the final was one of the music producers of the popular anime show The Bushido Code.

Robin tried not to act like a deer caught in the headlights at being amongst industry professionals. Someone poured her a glass of champagne but she declined and asked for bottled water instead.

A white guy with long dreds turned down the music that they had been listening to. “Robin, it’s nice to meet you. I’ve been hearing your voice for months being flipped onto tracks. Your voice is all over London, Japan and the US.”

Trying not to show her amazement at the announcement she nodded. “Jason told me that one sentence I sang in Love’s End was being sampled a lot.”

“It has a nostalgic and yet youthful sound.” The man from The Bushido Code added.” He handed her a card. “When the timing is better please contact our office. We’d like to talk to you about doing something on the show.”

This time she did smile. “Okay. I’ll do that.”

James smiled tightly. “Well, lets get started, shall we?”

Robin ignored James for a moment. He had no say and whom she talked to concerning her future endeavors.

“I’ll definitely call you Mr. Flynn.”

“Call me Jerry.”

“Thank you Jerry.”

Another man began speaking. “We’ve been thinking about the song you should sing, Robin.”

Another man continued. “Songs like Stairway to Heaven, or Somewhere Over the Rainbow-“

“I think it should be Jeff Buckley’s Satisfied Mind.” Jerry said while crossing his arms in front of himself.

Robin’s brow drew together. “Uh …what about a gospel song? That’s what we sing at funerals back home.”

Everyone looked at her. “But Akita practiced Buddhism, not Christianity.” One of the music techs said.

“Besides, we don’t want people curled up in the aisles crying.” Someone else stated.

Robin became thoughtful. “Well that puts a new spin on the use of gospel music … ”

Y spoke. “What about Never Would Have Made It, by Marvin Sapp?”

Robin’s head snapped to him. Everyone else just looked confused but Y continued to speak to Robin.

“Maybe you could sing it as if you’re singing it to Akita. There are so many of us that would not have made it without him. I’m one of those people. Akita’s kindness spread to touch people that many will never know about and that suited Akita just find. Akita …” he sighed. “Akita saved me. So, if it’s not disrespectful to sing it to Akita then it might be a good choice.”

“Someone pull it up on the computer,” James instructed.

“Do you know it?” Y asked Robin, tuning everyone else out.

“I know it,” she said, still in awe of his suggestion.

Y walked into the recording area where there was a piano set up. He began to play and Robin blinked her eyes in amazement that he was such a beautifully accomplished pianist. Robin joined him and ignoring the microphone she began to sing. Soon the song began to take life in Robin and as often happened with her, she began to forget her surroundings as the song and lyrics began to move her. She sang as if she was speaking to Akita, thanking him for what he’d done for the many people who love and respected him.

When she finished and looked up everyone was busily moving about on the opposite side of the large glass window. James pressed a button and she could hear them talking.

“We got all of your voice recorded and it’s perfect,” the man said in excitement. “Yagano can always re-record the opening piano but it was beautiful, Robin, love! Simply beautiful! You must perform it for tomorrow’s wake.”

She smiled shyly and nodded, but then turned to look at Y who was watching her closely. His eyes shifted away and the shadow of a smile tugged at his lips before he finally turned to look at her again.

“It was perfect, Robin. But I don’t think there is anything that you wouldn’t be able to sing perfectly—even their selection of funeral songs.”

Robin walked over to stand beside Y. “It doesn’t matter to me. As long as it brings honor to Akita’s memory. But how in the world do you know enough about gospel music to play it on the piano? You sound as good as Old Miss Rushmore playing the organ back at my old church!”

“Well, I love music, specifically American soul and blues. It was a dream come true to work for Akita Tom and to be around so many different musical influences.”

Before she could ask him more questions, James asked her if she would be interested in adding her voice to a few more tunes. She told him that she couldn’t stay too much longer because of tonight’s party. She wanted to get changed and rest up but that she would be happy to sing him a few more songs.





Jason and the others had already returned to the house and as Y and Robin drove back home, Y answered the question that she had asked earlier.

“Do you know what sokaiya is?” he asked.

“Uh … is it something we ate in Tokyo?”

He grinned. “No.” Y hesitated. “I met Akita about seven years ago. He was just becoming popular and his music had already been featured in several anime cartoons.

“I had graduated from college and it was time for me to be given a job with the Yakuza. Once again, I tried to join as a full member, but my father’s son prevented it.”

“Your brother?”

“No.” Y said flatly. “We may be associated by blood ties but my father’s son is no brother to me.”

“I see.”

“If you are on the outside of the family, as I am, then you are relegated to the dirtier jobs or you become an accountant or some other such worker for the family. I fully expected to be assigned duties that would see me imprisoned by now.

“But my uncle, who has always protected me, was able to secure one huge favor on my behalf. He allowed me to offer sokaiya to Akita Tom. Sokaiya is a very sophisticated form of blackmail.”

Robin gave Y a look of shock. “You blackmailed Akita Tom?!”

“I told you this is a complex story. There really wasn’t much to dig up on him. He smoked pot, dropped a bit of acid but he wasn’t out of control or anything. He had a girlfriend who was involved with another man—but leaking that information would have probably been more in his favor. So I offered him protection for the record shop that he’d just purchased--Genius Records.

Her eyes were bugging out now. “Oh my God, you strong armed Akita Tom!”

He gave her a sharp look. “Shall I continue?”

“Okay, okay, please continue.”

“Akita knew that I was interested in what he did musically. And he knew about sokaiya. So to avoid all of that he gave me stock in the company in which to funnel through to the family. It was purchased with Yakuza money … so I’m not truly a shareholder—the Yakuza is, through me. When Akita gifted me a portion of his share, that then really belongs to me.”

“You and Akita became friends even after you tried to blackmail him?”

“Akita understood the Yakuza. It’s like a game of chess where all the players know their roles. Sokaiya is not even a big secret in Japan. Probably ninety percent of big business in Japan pays some form of sokaiya. It’s all very polite. As I had no dirt on Akita we were able to move past that.

“One day he said to James, ‘Take Y with you to London and show him what we do.’ When I returned I knew that I would do whatever it took to remain in the music business. Akita kept me around when he could have just paid the money and been done with it. He then took me under his wing and allowed me behind the scenes of the music industry and in return I offered him my allegiance.”

“Wow,” Robin said. “And what about James? You’re not particularly fond of him, are you?”

Y frowned. “Let’s just say that James isn’t the best representative for Akita. Akita probably knew that, but he was kind and wouldn’t set someone out on his ass.

“If he had set me out on my ass I’d be smuggling drugs or in jail by now.”

Robin found herself staring at the amazing man that was an unlikely combination of good and bad.

“Y, I don’t understand why you want to be a part of a crime family so badly. You’re talented and you’re smart. What is the appeal?”

His lip twisted into a half smile. “Thank you Robin. But the Yakuza isn’t a crime family. They are a family. They are made up of many of the people in society that have been turned out by others, due to their class or their station in life. We’re considered the ‘Robinhoods’ of society.”

“So you steal from the rich and give to the poor?”

“No, we keep it for ourselves. But we use our money to help the community. Robin, who do you think was front in center during the 2011 tsunami?”

“The Yakuza?” Robin asked.

“That’s right! And when an earthquake hit Kobe the Yakuza used scooters, boats, and a helicopter to deliver supplies when they couldn’t get through the clogged streets. I’m not going to try to say that we’re all good, but we’re not all bad, either.”

“It doesn’t seem as if you’re doing anything illegal. Why so reluctant to talk about it?”

“I never said that’s the extent of my duties for the Yakuza, or that Akita was my only client. But that’s off topic. We’re talking about my friendship with Akita.”

“Well, what does Amberly think of all this?”

“Amberly knew this story before we married. She also knows that I’ll always be connected to the Yakuza. We’re kind of a packaged deal.”

Robin didn’t understand it but she dropped the subject. She liked Y but she still didn’t know him well enough to try to change his mind on the subject. But one thing she remained curious about was how quickly the relationship between Y and Amberly developed. They met for the first time in January and were married two months later.

“You and Amberly … that developed pretty fast.” She was intensely curious about their relationship but didn’t dare ask the real question—which was what in the hell did he see in her?

“Do you think so? If I have my facts straight you and Jason met in the fall and had fallen in love and broken up before the end of winter. Amberly and I met and when it was time for her to return to the states I realized that I didn’t want to be without her so I joined her and we got married soon after.”

Robin sighed. The difference between them is that she and Jason had thought themselves to be one thing but had learned the hard way that they still had a lot to learn about the other.





Chapter Twelve




When Robin and Y returned to the house there was a small shrine set up in the main living space in preparation for tomorrow’s funeral. The house was quiet although it was just after six pm.

Y went directly to the shrine, which showed a picture of Akita Tom’s smiling face. A small incense stick was burning and Y fanned some of the fragrant smoke in his direction.

Robin stood back, watching but not sure if it was an invasion of his privacy to do so. However she was intrigued and so didn’t retreat.

Y clasped his hands together and then bowed. He remained that way for a full minute before he straightened and turned to where Robin was standing. He ushered her forward.

“Do as I did. Take a moment to think about what Akita means to you.”

Robin fanned the smoke of the incense in her direction the way Y had done.

“The smoke is to bring you good luck. It will rise to the heavens.” Y said softly.

Robin clasped her hands before her and bowed. She prayed that Akita would rest in peace. When she straightened Y was watching her intently. He smiled and then inclined his head.

“I’m going to go check on Amberly. Talk to you later?”

“Yeah. Thanks for going with me and for sharing … you know.”

“Thank you for listening.”

Robin went upstairs to her and Jason’s bedroom while Y went around the corner to his.

Jason was napping—more like in a sleep coma. He had removed his leg braces and was just in boxer shorts and a shirt.

Robin couldn’t help but to climb into the bed next to him and prop herself up on one elbow and watch him.

She knew she should probably let him sleep because he would likely be partying into the wee hours of the night but he was so cute. She used her thumb to lightly trace his eyebrows. Jason’s brow gathered before relaxing again.

Damn he slept hard.

She kissed him, and his mouth against hers didn’t budge. Robin’s tongue moved lightly along his lips and she heard Jason’s intake of breath. Without moving his lips closed around her tongue, capturing it for a moment before he leaned upward slightly to return her kiss.

“Mmm, you taste good,” he murmured. “How did it go at the studio?”

She pulled back and rested her hand against his body. “They recorded me singing.”

Jason rubbed his eyes. “They did? Why?”

She shrugged. “I sang a few gospel songs and James was very excited.” She told him about meeting the producer of the Bushido Code and his offer for her to call him.

“Wow Robin, that’s huge! Do you know how many musicians want to get their music played on anime shows? Hell, on any show!”

She nodded while wearing a wide grin. “I know. No matter where I go with the music I’d like to do the anime show. That’s kind of bad-ass.”

Jason sat up. “Not kind of. It is bad-ass.”

He kissed her again and Robin ran her hands down his body allowing one to settle against his crotch. Just as she predicted, Jason was already hardening.

“I’m so horny,” she crooned. “This whole music business is making me hot …”

“Oh damn,” he said while pulling her shirt up over her head. She took care of removing her bra and Jason’s eyes roamed her breasts before moving back up to her face.

“Lay down. Me on top this time.”





The intimate party that Hidalgo had planned for those involved in the Akita Tom tribute album morphed into a full fledge pre-funeral bash. Friends, artists, producers and others in the music industry convened at Hidalgo’s condo.

By the time Jason and his crew, including J, arrived the party was fully under way with plenty of music, food, liquor and drugs.

Hidalgo wore leather pants and a silk shirt that was tucked in but completely unbuttoned. A multi-colored silk scarf was wound loosely around his thin neck and another scarf was wrapped haphazardly around his hair. Robin thought he made a striking resemblance to Johnny Depp from Pirates of the Caribbean.

No sooner had Belinda’s feet hit the floor did she have a drink in each hand. She quickly downed one and then held onto the other.

Hidalgo took Peter and Jason off to meet some of the key performers on the album and James tagged along with them. Y went to the dance floor with his wife leaving Robin and Belinda.

“Let’s go find some food,” Belinda said. Robin followed her but they were stopped several times as people recognized them and even called them out by their nick names as if they were the famous ones.

“This is tripping me out,” Robin said while taking a bottle of beer. “We’re like celebrities.”

Belinda gave her a high five and then fist pumped the air. “I want a joint and to dance. In that order.”

She easily found pot and got her wish, sharing a joint with Robin as they danced among the partygoers.

“Good God!” Belinda choked on a lungful of smoke. “This is some strong shit! What in the hell is it, hashish?”

Robin didn’t know but she was buzzing after only one hit.

“We’re going to have to go easy with this or we’ll be flat on our assess.” Robin looked around, making sure that Jason wasn’t watching her. Amberly joined them a few moments later. She plucked the joint from Robin’s fingers but instead of putting it out or flushing it down the toilet Amberly actually took a puff.

For some reason it cracked Robin up. She had no idea that Amberly smoked pot. But then the poor girl began to choke and Y had to thump her on the back. He took the joint out of her hand and dropped it into a half empty glass of champagne.

“Dude!” Belinda yelled. But he ignored her. Belinda fished it out of the wine and then placed it in her pocket. “I’ll dry that out later …” Belinda looked at Robin, her eyes already red and glassy. “We’ll smoke this tomorrow after the funeral.”

Robin pantomimed a shhh motion and then really got into the party the way she used to after performing with her band when they finished their set.





When Jason looked around at the people involved on the tribute album, he felt right at home. He’d seen most of these guys on YouTube just the same way they had seen him and Peter. They were able to talk knowledgeably about creating the different types of beats, the samples, and the preferred studio equipment.

Jason wished he had a pen and pad of paper to take notes. He was surprised to hear that many of them still used their basic beat making gear, including a Yamaha and midi pad controller. But they all agreed that post production had to be state of the art.

Peter and Jason looked at each other, knowing that they were pretty lucky to have their own personal studio when these guys were still sending their work out to producers. Thanks to Akita’s record deal, it afforded them what they thought of as the necessities to do it all themselves.

They got down to talking about the album. But James had the idea that they do the tribute album but also complete the albums that Akita had left unfinished with Hidalgo and Wheels of Steel. They could release it under Akita’s label—four new albums all linked to the first.

“I don’t think we have enough material for four albums,” Peter stated. “We have about an hour of us jamming out together.”

“Plus, it’s not cohesive. We kept changing styles and experimenting,” Jason said. “We could make some nice cuts but four albums-“

“The beauty of it,” J interrupted, “Is that it’s not just Akita Tom but it’s you. You add the Wheels of Steel sound. It’s a fusion of you and Akita.”

Peter and Jason silently shared the same thoughts on the matter--they didn’t want to muck up Akita’s final performance by mixing the shit out of it. The music needed to be released as it had been made, naturally, organically. The music was genius in that way. The sheer ingenuity to just perform it in one take was most of the appeal. Both knew that they had the means and talent to cut it up and spread it out, but to Peter and Jason, that would be a crime.

“Let’s focus on the tribute album.” Hidalgo said. “We’ll allow it to be released under Akita’s label. It’s just the best fit for that project. Now beyond that I’m not willing to speculate. My head’s buried too deeply in the funeral and the accident.” Hidalgo tossed back the last of his bottle of beer. “Fuck, I just want to jam out for my friend.”

Everyone toasted to that, including James who finally dropped the subject of the other songs.





The DJ was playing eighties rap and Robin and Belinda were pretending to be Salt N Pepper. They had created an impromptu dance routine—fueled by copious amounts of beer and marijuana. The latter obtained by Belinda in the same mysterious manner that she had obtained the first joint.

Y stopped Amberly from smoking any more of it, and although he didn’t try to stop Robin and Belinda, he kept a close eye on them. At times they had him blushing at their antics and more than one man tried to dance with one or the other too intimately for Y’s liking and he put a halt to it.

As Robin danced and let loose with her friends she felt that she hadn’t been happier. She was back with Jason, she was no longer putting out negative energy towards Amberly and her friendship with Belinda was stronger than ever—not to mention the fact that she was being pursued by a record label.

In that moment, if Hideo or James had presented her with a contract she would have signed it. This lifestyle, these sounds and this vibe were like fuel to her fire. She loved it! This was the life she wanted to live!

Belinda tapped out first when she collapsed on a couch—only the couch already had several people sitting on it. She wasn’t the lightest person and when she plopped down on a slight Asian woman, basically squashing her Y easily hefted her in his arms and helped her to a chair that was shaped like a fur covered high heel shoe. Belinda instantly fell asleep sprawled out on the chair and Amberly made sure her legs were together since she was flashing the fact that she had gone commando.

In Belinda’s defense she had begun the party while in the limo when she downed a mixture of Henny and Hypnotiq.

The DJ began to mix a song called Fuck by Georgia Reign and Robin, who didn’t realize that Belinda was no longer with her began to woot.

“That’s my song!” Instantly Robin reverted back to her booty shaking days when she used to capture the attention of every man on the dance floor with the sensual way she allowed her body and hips to sway and roll. Robin knew she was faded but not out of control. She remembered what it was like to be out of control and right now she considered herself loosened up and having fun.

She began to sing the dirty lyrics and the DJ allowed the song to play, cutting back the vocals so that Robin’s voice replaced those of the original singer’s. Robin’s eyes were closed as she sang both the male and the female lyrics, which described the many ways the singer wanted to be fucked.

Everyone was mesmerized with Robin’s performance of the song. It was an unrehearsed, random but perfectly sexy performance.

And it was being recorded by at least twenty cellphones.

Jason and the fellows in the other room heard a hush as the DJ’s music swelled. No one paid attention as the song played out until Jason recognized the word ‘fuck’.

Such a common word, used in many different contexts, but when spoken by one particular woman who used it with wild abandon while in the throes of passion, the word transformed into a state of being. It became an anthem to his and Robin’s lovemaking and when Jason heard the sing-song quality in the use of the word he recognized the singer instantly.

He stood up while Hidalgo was in the middle of a sentence. His head swiveled in the direction of the female’s haunting voice as she sang about being fucked in the morning, in the noontime and at night and the many various positions in which the fucking should take place.

Jason quickly limped into the other room, barely using his cane. And then he saw what everyone else was seeing, Robin dancing with the other partiers surrounding her in a haphazard circle. She wasn’t the only one dancing, a few other women were moving sensually to the song although none looked as gorgeous as Robin.

She wore a clingy blue dress that reached mid thigh with off the shoulder, mid-length sleeves. The dress matched her dyed blue bangs perfectly—bangs that now hung in her eyes, partially shielding her face.

Jason stopped at the edge of the circle, and watched Robin’s total obliviousness to the effect that her performance had on the rest of the partiers. To Jason they looked like they were watching a live sex performance. And then he saw the cellphones recording it.

As much as he wanted to run into the circle and grab Robin and drag her away from the people gaping at her, he knew that it would be a douchy thing to do.

His expression tightened as he waited for the song to play through so that he could discreetly move her away from everyone’s attention. When he saw her hands lightly trace her sex through her dress he closed his eyes and knew that anyone watching him would not mistake his expression of anger.

He had promised himself that he wouldn’t be angry with Robin ever again. But now he realized that that wasn’t a realistic promise because right now he wanted to snatch her and drag her ass back to the house and lock her in a closet.

Robin felt as if she was floating through space with musical notes flowing through her cells—in and out of her body, flowing around her like ectoplasm. The song morphed into a gentle Raheem Devaughn tune and she transformed from a raunchy strip club dancer to a mellow club groover that shook her head slowly to the rhythm of the music. She felt Jason’s hands pull her close to his body.

Robin didn’t even have to open her eyes to recognize the feel of her man. Their bodies were flush and together they moved to the slow rhythm of the music. She placed her hands around his neck and her head against his chest. They slow danced, moving their bodies without moving their feet and Robin’s eyes parted and she saw that Jason’s cane was planted on the floor keeping him supported while his free hand held her close.

She smiled. That was the coolest thing she’d ever seen—Jason slow dancing with her while using a cane.





Chapter Thirteen




“Get up, babe,” Robin heard. She tossed in the comfortable bed and then her stomach lurched. She jumped up and quickly ran to the bathroom, not thinking of bathroom shoes as she spewed the contents of her stomach into the toilet bowl.

Jason followed her but only as far as the doorway where he frowned. “Babe, you okay?” He called.

She looked over at him feeling waves of nausea rolling over her. “I didn’t drink that much …”

“Hmph,” Jason said. “You shouldn’t be drinking at all, Robin. You have an ulcer. Or if you drink keep it to just one beer or something.”

Robin grabbed toilet tissue while her stomach continued to hitch and work it’s way up to a second round of vomiting.

“Don’t argue with me while I’m sick,” she said weakly.

Jason walked into the bathroom and placed a gentle hand on her hair, stroking the unruly strands. The second round of vomit hit the toilet bowl and Jason went to the shower and turned it on.

“Come on, honey. The funeral is in a couple of hours and they want you and Y at the church early to go over the music you two are doing.”

“What?” she cried as she looked at him with drooping eyes. “I just want to go back to bed. I think I ate some bad food …”

“No,” he snapped. “You smoked too much dope, that’s what happened.”

Robin came to her feet from where she was kneeling at the toilet. “I know how to hold my weed.”

“Obviously,” he muttered. She gave him a sharp look but he didn’t say anything more as he adjusted the water temperature. Then he began to strip out of his sleep shorts. He looked over his shoulder at her. “Come on. This is big enough for us to kill two birds with one stone.”

Robin wasn’t feeling Jason’s comments about her alcohol and marijuana consumption but he made a good point so she stripped out of her panties and bra—her dress was mysteriously already gone, and then she got into the shower with him.

He might have been annoyed but that didn’t prevent him from taking pleasure in washing her body with his soapy hands. Robin was the only female that he had ever been truly intimate with and her body represented all the pleasure that he imagined deriving from a woman.

Robin was not long lines but full curves, round hips and ass and small perky breasts. She thought that because her belly wasn’t a tight six pack that she needed to exercise it down but he didn’t. He liked running his hands over all of her curves including her tummy.

There was no time for more than touching and Robin felt a bit more refreshed after the shower.

She wrapped a towel over her body and then fell back onto the bed, closing her eyes to get her head together.

Jason went naked to the closet and found the dress that she had packed for the funeral. He laid it on the bed along with black panties and bra. He located two pairs of black shoes and asked her which she wanted. She opted for the flats.

He grabbed the lotion from the dresser and sat down next to her. Robin opened her eyes again and peeked at him. He pulled her legs onto his lap and began to apply lotion.

Robin smiled in appreciation. He knew her routine well. After he’d gotten lotion on her body she finally pulled herself off the bed to pull on her clothes while Jason changed into a dry set of leg braces. They finished dressing silently and Robin remembered that this was not just another day for Jason.

She went to him and placed her arms around him.

“I love you.”

He smiled. “Me too.” They kissed and then went downstairs where there was a quick breakfast waiting.

Belinda was quiet, nursing a cup of coffee—actual coffee and not tea. She wore a black sleeveless dress that made her skin appear much too pale. Her hair was held back by a vintage pillbox hat, which had a bit of black netting decoratively dipping down to conceal one of her eyes. Not that her eyes would be seen since she was gripping sunglasses.

Amberly even moved slowly with none of the exuberance she usually displayed. Y looked good in a black suit, white shirt and simple black tie. Peter and Jason were dressed similarly.

“Coffee, Robin?” Y asked.

“No,” she grimaced. Coffee was too harsh for her stomach, especially after her over indulgence of yesterday. “Tea if there is anymore.”

Amberly poured her tea and everyone ate quietly.

Y and Robin then left together in Y’s Mercedes. The others would follow later in the limo.

Robin slipped on her sunglasses and prepared for the hour-long drive to the church.

“I thought Akita was Buddhist. Why are we going to a church?” She asked.

Y turned down the music even though it wasn’t loud. “It’s not proper to celebrate Akita’s passing in a temple. The funeral is more for the benefit of people that want to commemorate his passing. Later we will have a more traditional funeral at the house. His ashes have already been delivered and Robert will stand by his brother’s shrine. We may take turns—James and me, but one person will stand by Akita’s shrine and accept thanks and recognition of him. They have a moment to share with that person that was closest to Akita and then the next person will enter the shrine area. It can take some time. Everyone will then gather in the garden where we will serve refreshments and that’s the basic ceremony. Robert wants to take the remains back to the states with him and we’ll keep the shrine for a while.”

“Are you Buddhist?” She asked in curiosity.

He shook his head. “No, I don’t practice a religion. I believe in God, just not one religion, if that makes sense.”

Robin nodded. “I understand.”

They grew quiet again and just before Robin began to drift off to sleep Y spoke again.

“You should practice more caution. I may not always be present to make sure no harm befalls you.”

Robin lowered her sunglasses and looked at Y. “What?”

He looked at her. “I’m not telling you what you can or can’t do, but while you’re in Japan I’m responsible for you and the others. Last night you and Belinda got high on drugs that you had no idea where it came from-“

“Y,” she said in surprise, “we smoked a joint. We didn’t even finish it.”

His head snapped back to hers. “Do you think that’s all you smoked?”

Robin’s mouth fell open.

“My point is made, then. You have no idea what all was in that joint. If you feel you need to smoke marijuana then I’ll bring it to you, although I do not condone it. But it’s better than taking a chance on joints laced with other drugs.”

Robin covered her mouth as she thought back to how quickly the effects of the marijuana had hit her and Belinda. It had to be laced with something because she didn’t even remember the end of the evening. She and Jason were dancing and then she was waking up. Half a joint and two beers wouldn’t do that.

“Jeez,” she said softly. She looked at him. “I don’t want you to bring me drugs. I smoke weed to relax and chill when I’m at home. I’m no drug addict.”

He looked at her again but didn’t say anything.

“Did I act a fool last night?” Her face burned and she thought back to Jason’s attitude this morning. “Please tell me that I didn’t do anything foolish?”

“Nothing foolish,” was his response.

“What about Belinda? She didn’t do anything did she?”

“No, she passed out long before you eventually did. You fell asleep while you were dancing with Jason and he had to lift you and carry you to Hidalgo’s room.

“Oh my God!”

“You and Belinda weren’t the only ones to pass out that night. There are probably people still at Hidalgo’s condo trying to sleep it off. It’s just most unfortunate that the celebration took place the night before the funeral. There will likely be a number of sick looking individuals attending the service.”

She knew that Y was making light of the situation but to Robin it was a turning point. She didn’t want to be that girl that passed out while partying. She didn’t want to be dependent on drugs in order to have fun. She didn’t want to be another tragic figure in the music industry whose life was cut short because of drug reliance.

She covered her face with one hand and sighed. “One of the things that helped me overcome my shyness was drinking. I was always so uptight when I was in places where there were crowds. When I drank I didn’t care anymore. But drinking wasn’t going to work for me. I have an ulcer and it wrecked it.

“So someone shared a joint with me and it had the same affect but better. It didn’t hurt my ulcer and I felt like I could be myself.” She shrugged. “All I want to do when I’m chilling is listen to music and allow it to move me.”

“Then music makes you high. Why don’t you try allowing that to be your drug?”

Robin gave him a thoughtful look.





The church where the funeral would be held was huge. The inside looked like a concert hall. There were only a few tech people there and she and Y had to do a sound test. He played the piano for a while and they got the sound to echo beautifully throughout the room.

Robin couldn’t help but to be surprised by his ability. He wasn’t just a dabbler at the keys--the man knew the piano.

After that she was instructed to sing. She did a few test song snippets and at one point Y accompanied her on a few of them. For an hour the two of them jammed out while the technicians and funeral workers put up the finishing touches.

Y abruptly ended the session. “Don’t tire your voice. The main performance is in a few hours. Let’s get something to drink, I’m thirsty.”

“Yeah, me too.” She didn’t mention that she’d puked up most of her water reserve this morning.

They left the church and walked a short distance to a small restaurant where they sat at an outdoor piazza and talked. Robin discovered that Y’s mother was a pianist and had taught him to play from the moment that he had taken his first wobbly foot step.

People began to gather for the funeral and people looked at them expectantly, knowing that they were ‘important’ but not quite how they were associated with Akita Tom. Y purchased a newspaper and he read to her an article in the entertainment section that talked about today’s funerals and the list of stars expected to attend.

Robin was pleased to see that she recognized some of the artists attending, and then she remembered that she would be performing in front of movie stars and famous musicians and she felt herself begin to panic.

With shaking hands she called Jason on her cellphone.

“Babe, do you know all the famous people that are going to be here today?”

“Not really,” he replied.

She frantically filled him in on the list of guests but instead of freaking out as she was he seemed pleased.

“Jason! I’m going to be singing in front of people whose music is in my Mp3 player at home!”

“Alright. We’ll be at the church in half an hour. Breathe, honey. Remember how you used to tell me? Breathe and I’ll be there before you know it. Is Y there?”

Robin looked across the table at Y who was watching her. “Yeah.” She replied. “He’s here.”

“Let me speak to him.”

Robin passed him the phone and Y talked to Jason in hushed tones. Robin heard him say, ‘she isn’t.’ But mostly he said okay repeatedly. “We’ll meet you in the sanctuary. Yeah, it will be quiet, no ones allowed in there. Bye.”

“What?” She asked anxiously.

“Jason said to take you to the sanctuary and to play Daft Punk.”

A smile slowly filled her face. She threw her head back and laughed. Damn she loved Jason. No one knew her better than him.

When Jason and the others reached the church’s sanctuary, Robin had on earphones and was bobbing her head to the beat of One More Time by Daft Punk. When she saw Jason Robin leaped up and ran to him, careful not to knock him off balance she hugged him as if she hadn’t just seen him this morning.

“You alright?” He asked with concern.

“I am now.” She was still freaking out but the music put her in a better spirit.

She whispered into his ear. “Is it wrong that I’m dancing in my head in the sanctuary of a church while listening to Daft Punk on an Mp3 player right before the funeral of a famous man?”

He hugged her. “No honey. It’s perfectly normal.”

They went back to the church where the guests were just entering. Akita’s music was playing at a low level and it was a pleasant back drop to a sad day. Considering how quickly the seats were filling, Robin knew that the funeral was going to be crowded but the air conditioning worked--probably better than necessary. Robin sat next to Jason on one side and with Belinda on her other. Belinda was sunk down in her seat still pale, her glasses still perched on her face even though they were inside a dimly lit church.

“Still feeling sick?” Robin asked.

“Like hell,” Belinda croaked.

“Y thinks the weed we smoked was laced with something.”

“Yeah, he already laid into me this morning about it. And then Peter did. They said there is a video of you dancing sexy and singing dirty songs.”

Robin nearly leaped to her feet. “What the-?!” She barked out.

Belinda looked at her from over her sunglasses.

“You didn’t know? I didn’t look at it yet. I slept on the ride over. I’m about to sleep now if you leave me alone.”

Robin turned and stared at Jason who was celebrity watching. She poked him in the arm.

“What?” he asked.

“Uh … there’s a video of me singing and dancing?”

“Ah …” A shadow seemed to fall across Jason’s face. “You know that song by Georgia Reign called Fuck?”

No less than ten people turned to look at him in disapproval and his face reddened. He was not the best at whispering.

Robin remembered that the song had played yesterday. And then she remembered singing. Oh God … And now she remembered dancing.

“I want to see it.” She stated.

Jason shifted in his seat. “I’ll play it for you after-“

“No, now!” She demanded.

Peter leaned forward to look at her. “Robin this is a church. Can’t you wait until after the service?”

Belinda nudged him. “No. And mind your business, Peter. Isn’t that what you always say to me? I want to see it now, too.”

Jason grumbled and navigated to the video on his smart phone. He plugged in the ear buds that she had used earlier and then thrust his phone at her.

Robin shrugged as she watched herself grooving to the funky tune. So what? Not such a big deal. She put one bud in her ear and gave the other to Belinda who plugged it into her ear.

Oh my damn …

She was singing the shit out of that song. Her face was becoming warm at the way she freely sang about getting fucked. She pulled the buds from her ears and thrust the phone at Jason.

“I don’t want to see anymore.”

Robin was mortified. She was about to get up and sing a gospel tune after singing and dancing raunchy the night before.

No more weed!





Chapter Fourteen




Robin was antsy and nervous until Jason grabbed her hand and held it—she thought it was mostly to stop her annoying fidgeting but she still appreciated the contact.

“You do this when you perform with Orange Crush, right? There’s no difference.”

She pursed her lips together. There was a difference. They always got high before they performed.

Soon the service got underway and Robin and Y left their seats in order to take their positions. She could hear the pastor doing the memorial and it brought her back home and eased a bit of her tension.

They announced her as Sweetheart from Wheels of Steel and applause went up surprising her as she walked from her place behind the curtain and to the center of the stage, beneath which was the pastor’s pulpit alongside a display of flowers surrounding a large portrait of Akita.

When Robin picked up the microphone Y began to play and as soon as people recognized the tune the church began to stir in interest. Robin began to sing, her voice low and measured at first and then increasing as she progressed. When the chorus began several people in the audience began to clap in enthusiasm. By then Robin was no longer afraid and she sang as if she was singing in front of her mirror at home.

Belting out the lyrics, Robin walked down the short set of stairs until she was directly in front of the church and she turned to face the portrait of Akita as she sang to him—not to the audience but to the man that had influenced so many musicians. And when she finished she finally heard the applause.

She bowed slightly and then gestured to the pianist. “Mr. Yagano Kurahara.” Y stood and people came to their feet, giving them both a standing ovation. Smiling in gratitude Robin and Y headed off the stage together but James was waiting there and shooing them back onto the stage.

“They want you to perform another song!” He yelled.

Robin gave Y a surprised look.

“They said not to do anything Christian. I don’t know what to sing, do you?”

“I think we should forget about what they said yesterday.” He looked at the crowd. “They say we play more gospel.”

Robin asked him if he knew a song called If I Don’t Wake Up and he did. And people did cry when she sang it but they were happy tears and people seemed to need permission to show their feelings.

When she and Y left the stage again it was to another standing ovation. The crowd responded enthusiastically to the pastor’s sermon and it was mostly because Robin and Y had awakened them. After the sermon people came up to speak about Akita, including Jason, Peter, Belinda and Amberly of Wheels of Steel. They were met with enthusiastic applause and when Y took the stage again to speak about Akita, it took time for the applause to die down before he was able to speak.

The funeral ended to the music of Akita Tom as well as some of the tunes that James had recorded the night before of Robin and Y. She thought it was a bit underhanded that he didn’t mention he intended to use her recordings for that purpose, but Robin didn’t say anything.

When she met up with Jason again he hugged her proudly and swung her around, barely stumbling.

“Jason!” She squealed and then laughed. She got congratulations from the rest of the group as well as from people from the audience that wanted to shake her hand. Some even slipped her business cards. The group didn’t linger and went home for the second part of the funeral, which would take place there.

It was beautiful and to Robin, much more intimate and heartfelt. There were only a select few allowed to attend and Hidalgo actually cried when he stopped at Akita’s shrine and then spoke to Robert Chancellor about how much his brother had meant to him.

A mysterious woman dressed in a full black lace veil arrived and Y explained that she was the closest to a girlfriend that Akita had. It was Miss Aimi Haruto. Robin remembered the story that he’d told her about trying to blackmail Akita. Was this the secret lover that Akita had? And if Akita had been the man on the side, who was the other man? Someone famous no doubt.

Robin was happy that there were caterers to help with the refreshments and after she politely greeted and talked to several people; those she knew and some she didn’t, Robin retreated to her bedroom for a much-needed nap.

By dinnertime the funeral was finished and the house put back in order—with the exception of the new shrine, which fit nicely in the living room.

Bob and his wife thanked them all for their help and friendship. Robin hadn’t gotten to know him but the man was quiet and humble and seemed genuinely impressed by his brother’s fame.

Jason and Peter went into the home studio to work on some tunes for tomorrow’s tribute album practice.

Belinda was still feeling under the weather so she returned to her and Peter’s room to chill.

Amberly, Y and Robin then ended up going out to the garden to relax. The temperature had dropped some and it felt comfortable being dressed in just a maxi dress that touched her ankles.

Robin thought that she might be uncomfortable chilling with Amberly but the three of them just talked about Japan and the evening ended on a peaceful note.





Jason and Peter spent endless hours in the Tokyo studio with the people who wanted to be included in the tribute album.

Robin didn’t ask how much longer they were going to stay in Japan because Jason was doing a lot from recording, going over the acquisition of Ramen records, to negotiating with Akita Tom Productions about the label deal. In addition to that, Wheels of Steel had been contacted about projects with other artists, interviews, as well as parties and musical gigs that the fellows were hard pressed to turn down.

Robin had gotten similar calls but she wouldn’t accept any offers until she knew what Jason and Peter would do—which would then determine what she might do.

Y kept Belinda, Amberly and Robin entertained. They saw mountains and waterfalls and he took them to karaoke. But it was Belinda’s idea that he take them to Kabukichō in Shinjuku--Tokyo’s red light district.

Y didn’t actually jump at the idea and Amberly assured him that it was okay. So he said he’d do it only if Jason and Peter didn’t have a problem with it.

The only problem Peter had is that he wouldn’t be able to go with them. Jason hesitated when Robin told him of their plans.

“Fine Robin. But are you planning on getting high?”

“What?” she rolled her eyes at him. “I have no plans on getting high, sheesh.”

He gave her a doubtful look, which annoyed her.

“Look, Jason, marijuana is eventually going to be legalized everywhere. So you need to get used to seeing it. Besides, I’m not going to smoke weed in Japan when I can just get high at an opium den-“

“Wait, what?!”

She smirked. “I’m kidding. I will not be indulging in any illegal substances.” She reached up and kissed the tip of his nose.”

“Wait, Robin is opium legal or illegal here?”

“Bye Jason,” she left the room.





To Robin, the entertainment district at Kabukichō looked like an amusement park. It was evening, but the night was illuminated by the many lights displayed on nearly every shop. The skyscrapers were even sheathed in lively lights with billboards that advertised the unknown in bold Japanese letters along with pictures of handsome men and sexy women.

For the most part the people roaming the street looked as if they should be in fashion magazines. The hairstyles were exuberant, even on the men. And often times the men were just as pretty as the women. One woman, who might have begun life as a man, was dressed in a tiny kimono with sexy thigh highs and spiked heels. She spun and twirled and cajoled them.

Amberly whispered that the women were prostitutes. In fact, many of them just stood there, either on cell phones or prancing about but always waiting. Since neither Robin, Belinda or Amberly had ever been around sex workers they were intrigued by the young woman who tried so hard at vying for the attention of the single men.

“I want one of those outfits,” Belinda said while gesturing to the shorty Kimono. “Y, where can I get one of those?”

Y just shook his head with a chuckle.

As they walked down the street together, people watched them with interest—three attractive Americans accompanied by one Asian man. Belinda speculated whether they thought Y was their host—as in paid to escort them. Amberly was happy to hang on to her handsome husband.

“They call this Mizu-shōbai,” Y explained while gesturing widely. “The water trade. It’s where you find the hostess and snack bars and cabarets. Now on the backhand is the fūzoku—which is the sex trade. It’s where you find the soaplands and the image and fashion clubs; which are all forms of sex without penetration.” He playfully tapped Amberly’s nose. “And prostitution is illegal in Japan, my dear. This is not Amsterdam.”

Y looked at the rest of them. “So what would you ladies like to do first?”

“Lets go to a cabaret!” Belinda exclaimed.

Y turned and in that second two men grabbed him. He yelled something in surprise but the men gripped each of his arms, holding them out from his body. The man holding Y’s tattooed arm twisted it roughly back and forth and then spoke sharply in Japanese. The other men shoved him when Y didn’t respond quickly enough.

Robin saw that both men appeared to be in their mid-twenties and had colorful tattoos visible on their forearms. The considerable crowd on the street gave them a wide berth but no one seemed surprised by the aggression--no one stopped to help them, either.

Amberly moved forward but Robin caught her arm and stopped her.

Y said something and he sounded pissed. He yanked his arm free of the men’s grip—neither of which tried to grab him again. And yet the strong exchange of words continued, this time with Y poking one of the men in the chest. The two men held up their hands in supplication and then backed away while Y continued cursing at them in Japanese.

Amberly hurried to her husband and Y hugged her to him while he stared after the retreating perpetrators.

“What in the hell was that about?” Belinda asked.

Y looked at the frightened women and calmed himself. “Everything is fine. It’s Yakuza business.”

Amberly suddenly moved away from Y. Her hands went to her hips and she cocked her head at him angrily.

“Yagano, that’s not going to fly!” Amberly shouted. “Why did those men accost you?”

He sighed, looking around at the attention that he’d garnered. “Let’s keep walking and I’ll explain.” They watched him as he led them away from the eyes that followed them.

“They didn’t recognize me,” he explained.

“What are you talking about?” Amberly asked in excitement.

“They saw the tats but didn’t recognize my face. So they thought I was hustling—because I was with you three.” He looked at Amberly and then the others. “All business here is handled by the Yakuza—with territory being divided by gangs. It creates turf wars. It used to be that only the Yakuza displayed intricate tattoos—but now any Japanese can. But there are some that pretend to be Yakuza and try to hustle outside of the eye of the gang that operates the territory.”

“What did you say to get them to let you go?” Robin asked.

“I simply explained that I was nagawa-kai and I told them the name of my uncle and then my father. Everyone knows my father’s name.” Y touched a symbol tattooed on his inner wrist. It was a circle with a character that looked like a capital M on top and a bowtie at the bottom. Other designs that reminded Robin of wheat flanked the symbol.

“This is the emblem for my family—the nagawa-kai. Had I been a fraud this would have been shaved from my body long ago.”

Amberly shivered. “Ugh Y …”

He placed his arm around her. “It’s okay.” She slipped from his grasp.

“I hate this Y! I’m afraid all the time! I’m afraid that your uncle is going to make you do something horrible and I’m afraid that your crazy brother is going to shoot you or something!”

Again Y pulled her close and spoke to her in gentle tones. Robin and Belinda exchanged discreet looks. This did not look good for the couple, Robin thought.

They continued to a cabaret and while Robin and Belinda enjoyed the show, Amberly remained subdued. Robin sipped a soda and thought about the fact that gorgeous men like Yagano just didn’t come without baggage.

They were prepared to cut their trip short when Jason called and said they were cutting out of the studio early and wanted to meet them in Kabukichō.

“Awesome!” Belinda exclaimed. “Peter and I are going to check into one of these love hotels!”

Since there seemed to be hundreds of them, Y took them into one such hotel to show them how it worked. Robin was surprised to see that there wasn’t a cashier or receptionist anywhere to be seen. But one wall was lined with displays showing images of each themed sex room. Once a room was selected the purchaser would just pay with a credit card and the key would be slipped into the small slot below the display, and then that particular room would no longer be illuminated.

The girls thought the themes were crazy. There was something particularly fetish-like about the interest of the Japanese with jolly St. Nick—Santa Clause. Santa Clause was displayed everywhere—which the girls found particularly disturbing as it was summer.

The displays showed a Christmas themed room as well as Hello Kitty BDSM rooms, a futuristic room that looked like the underbelly of a space ship. There were dinosaur rooms and rooms that just looked like jail cells.

The limo arrived while they were still laughing and pondering the activities that went on in the Santa sex room when Peter and Jason entered the lobby. Belinda practically dived onto Peter’s lap and the couple began to make out as if they didn’t live together or spend each night with each other.

“Dude,” Jason finally said. “Get a room!”

And they did. Once they had gone off to one of the BDSM rooms—Jason didn’t want to even speculate, the two remaining couples selected rooms a little less fetish based.

Y and Amberly selected a karaoke inspired room while Robin and Jason decided to go with a wild-west theme. Everyone had agreed on just ninety-minute sessions and when they all met up again in the lobby Peter had welts that were visible from the arms and neck of his shirt, which he kept tugging at in an attempt to hide them.

Tokyo never slept so even though it was well after midnight the group continued their exploration.

“You said prostitution is illegal,” Amberly reminded Y as they passed yet another slew of prostitutes and sex workers.

“Sexual intercourse is outlawed but touching and oral isn’t.”

Jason’s eyes were wide as he stared at beautiful, scantily clad women.

“Hell, if I’d been raised in Japan I wouldn’t have been a virgin for so long.”

An elderly man with one tooth and wearing a purple fur hat beckoned them into a club, which had photographs of nude women dancing for men on it’s colorful billboard.

“Okay, lets do this one.” Peter said and Jason was already heading for the door before anyone else had agreed.

They paid—more than Y thought they should, and then they entered a small bar, which only had one large black man and three women who looked as if they had survived a knife fight—after being run over … repeatedly.

They found seats at a table barely large enough to accommodate Peter’s wheelchair. A woman as old as the man that had hawked them into the place came to the table and took their drink orders. Immediately the hags came to the table and began to beg for drinks.

Jason silently appealed to Y to make them go away when one woman put her arms around his neck and her underarm hair actually tickled his face. But Y only watched in amusement. When one woman began touching his arm and crooning for his attention Y did nothing.

Peter had a woman as old as his mother attempting to sit on his lap and the only way he could stop her was by keeping his hands in his lap. He looked at Belinda hoping that she would become so jealous that she would beat up the women. But Belinda was far from jealous. She watched Peter and Jason’s discomfort with amusement as she sipped her watered down drink.

Robin just listened to the loud music and hummed along with the tunes, pretending that she didn’t see how the old women were molesting the men.

“Hey,” she said to Y, “next I think we should go to one of the soap lands so the fellows can get a nude massage. I wouldn’t mind. Jason hasn’t had a massage in over a week-“

Belinda piped in, “Or maybe they have a back room with a mattresses. Y ask them if they can give Jason and Peter a massage-“

“Fuck no!” Peter exclaimed.

“I’m ready to leave. This lady smells funny,” Jason said while turning his head away from her constant begging for drinks, money, or sex. Jason didn’t know which and didn’t want to find out.

Y asked for the check and Robin tried to hold back her laughter. The big black man was the one to bring the check and he placed it in the center of the table.

Jason’s brow went up in surprise. “Um … that says 92,500 yen. I know the conversion is really weird but that seems to be a lot of money.”

Peter’s mouth dropped. “Yeah, how much is that Y?”

“That’s roughly $750,” Y stated matter-of-factly.

“What?!” Jason exclaimed.

Belinda sipped her drink. “I guess we’re going to be doing dishes,” she stated, not nearly as outraged as Peter and Jason who were talking together about how much cash each had and arguing about the merits of using a credit card here.

Y pulled out his wallet and counted out some bills. He placed it on the table on top of the check and the big black man scowled.

“Not enough,” he said in choppy English.

Yagano’s face lost the humor that he’d been wearing. He stood and replaced the wallet back in his pants.

“Come on,” He gestured to the group to follow him out the door. They looked at the scary black man who seemed at a loss for words.

“Wait! You pay!” He demanded.

The bartender had joined the black man. “You pay or we call police!”

Y laughed. He laughed hard and with true merriment. “Call them. We’ll wait. And I’ll take back the money that I was willing to pay in order to play this joke on my friends. But if you want to call the police, go right ahead.”

Y reached for the money still sitting on the table and the bartender intercepted it swiftly.

“You go! You leave now!”

Amberly watched the exchange with big eyes as they exited the bar. “You knew they were scamming us?” She asked once they were safely back on the street.

“Yeah. I know this place. They get you once but never twice,” He laughed.

“Well how much did you pay?” Jason asked while patting his wallet. “We’ll pay you back-“

Y gave his comment a dismissive wave. “They got about two hundred dollars which was more than those watered down drinks were worth.”

“I don’t like this place anymore.” Peter said, still appearing traumatized by the event.

Y patted his shoulder. “I’ll make it up to you and take you to a real bar where they have pretty hostesses that will feed you and sing to you. Good?”

Jason raised a finger. “And they’ll be pretty?”

“Beautiful.” Y promised. “But no touching. These are not whores.”

Robin, who had been listening while wearing a dubious expression finally nodded her head. “Okay, I’m down with it.”

Once everyone agreed Y took them to a more refined establishment, crowded with businessmen. They ordered food and were served by pretty Asian women who, although dressed in traditional Kimonos explained that they were not Geisha. The girls didn’t feel sexually threatened because the servers were fun and attentive, playing drinking games and one even fed sushi to Jason.

Amberly watched the women with interest and then turned to her husband.

“Is this the type of thing you’d want in our marriage? For me to serve you and pour your drinks and fix your plate?”

Everyone watched discreetly while Y lied.

“No. I don’t need this type of attention … on a daily basis. Well, it would be nice once in a while.”

Amberly frowned and took a drink of sake.

Peter turned to Belinda. “I want this type of treatment. I’m not scared to say it. I want you to massage my neck when I get home from work and have a drink waiting for me at the door. I want-“

Belinda smacked him lightly in the head.

Jason guffawed but then when he saw Robin staring at him he choked back his laughter.

“Do you like this type of attention, Jason? Is this something you’d want in our relationship?” Robin asked.

“No.” He said simply garnering him a smile. “Slave days are over and …”

Robin looked at him in surprise.

“Are you saying that if slave days were still around you’d have me serving you like this?” Robin asked.

Jason’s face turned bright red. “Well you’d have to if slavery was still … legal.”

Robin turned in her seat and faced Jason fully.

“You would have me as your slave?” Robin’s voice remained low but had gone up an octave.

“No!” Jason shook his head adamantly. “I would be an abolitionist. I swear!”

Robin relaxed and then squeezed his hand. “Thanks, babe.”

The hostesses smartly began another drinking game and by the time the driver arrived with the limo to take them back to the house, everyone was happily buzzed and asleep by the time they reached the house.





Chapter Fifteen




When Robin opened her eyes the next morning she was surprised to see that Jason was beside her in bed, still sleeping. For the last few nights he had risen before her and had gone off with Peter to the recording studio.

“Jason,” she whispered while gently nudging his shoulder. “Babe you over-slept.”

He woke up with a slight shake of his head and then he pulled her into his arms. “No I didn’t. I wanted to spend the day with you. I haven’t done that since we got to Japan.”

Robin smiled happily. She couldn’t think of anything she’d like better than to spend the entire day with Jason. She kissed him.

“Are you sure? I know you guys want to get the album out as quickly as possible.”

“Yeah. But we don’t need twenty guys standing around trying to give their input. So me and Peter are taking the day off.” He gave her a hug. “I want to sleep in and I want to hang with my girl. And plus I want to talk to you about the label contract,” he yawned into his fist.

Robin snuggled in Jason’s arms and together they drifted back to sleep. No one was around by the time they finally rose for breakfast—which was now brunch and they kissed and found some of Y’s fermented soybeans that they both had acquired a taste for. They ate and kissed and talked and kissed some more.

Peter came into the room wearing just a t-shirt and boxers. He seemed surprised to see them.

“Oh, I thought you two would be gone by now.”

“Gone where?” Robin asked while popping a grape into her mouth. She turned to look at Jason who was frantically gesturing for Peter to shut up.

Peter turned around and just wheeled out of the kitchen without another word.

“What?” She asked.

“I have no idea,” Jason said evasively. “Let’s go outside. I love that garden.”

Robin smiled and grabbed two juice boxes from the fridge. Here in Japan juice boxes weren’t just for little kids.

She followed him out back and took a deep breath enjoying the fresh mountain air. It was cooler in Karuizawa than in Tokyo and Robin decided that if you were going to live in Japan this was the place to do it.

He sat down on the bench overlooking the koi pond—the most peaceful place on the face of the earth, in Robin’s humble opinion.

“Isn’t this the life?” She asked with a sigh.

“It’s awesome here,” Jason replied. “I’m happy that Amberly and Y get to keep this house.”

“Me too.” Jason placed his arm around her and she settled against him comfortably. “I’m happy I came. This has been an amazing adventure.”

“We are really in the beginning of something big, babe.” He said. “Both of us have been offered label deals, plus we’re getting noticed by important people in the industry. It’s the beginning of everything and I’m doing this with my best friend.”

Robin smiled and kissed him. She was just about to say that this moment could only get better if they had some music playing when Jason stood up and stepped in front of her.

She looked at him curiously.

“I’d get down on my knee but these damn leg braces …”

Robin’s face froze.

Jason reached into his pocket and retrieved a little black velvet box.

“Jason …” Robin thought her voice sounded like it was coming from inside a tunnel.

Jason opened the box and the sunlight twinkled off the diamond of a ring. At first the twinkling of the diamond was too dazzling to see the beauty of the ring and so she just stared at it while Jason spoke. And then she could see it; a simple princess cut diamond ring that was probably the most beautiful thing she’d ever laid her eyes on.

“Robin, you are my best friend, you are my lover and my partner in all ways. I can’t imagine doing any of the things that are in my future without you by my side. And I want to be by your side as you embark on all of the wonderful things that are to be in your future. Robin Mathena will you marry me?”

Robin’s eyes had moved from the ring to Jason. Her heart felt as if it was ready to slam its way out of her chest. She came to her feet and then threw her arms around his neck and squealed.

Jason hugged her and spun her lightly before setting her back onto her feet. He was laughing and smiling and then he offered her the ring.

Robin accepted it as if it was a fragile piece of glass.

“So that’s a yes-?“ He began.

“YES!” She squealed and jumped up and down before hugging Jason again.

One of the windows went up in the house and Robin heard Belinda screaming out in laughter.

“We got it all on video!”

When Robin looked up she saw Peter, Belinda, Y and Amberly crowded in the window watching them with Belinda holding a camcorder.

She waved at them and then kissed her fiancée.





Robin spent an hour on the phone talking to her mother about Jason’s surprise proposal. Despite their rocky past, Robin’s mother screamed in delight at the news. Robin’s mother remembered a time when her daughter’s life had been thrown into a tailspin. It was during those times that Betty had felt the most regret over her previous dislike of Jason. Things might be moving fast for the couple but she knew that Robin loved Jason and that he loved her. Betty also knew that when it came to love, there really was no timeframe.

“Oh Robin, I’m so excited for you! I can’t believe that you and I got engaged within a year of each other.”

It seemed that marriage was all around Robin. Her mom and stepfather had just tied the knot in the spring just as Amberly and Y had. Peter and Belinda were engaged and now she and Jason were.

The newly engaged couple went off on their own to check out Karuizawa, visiting all of the beautiful sites including the waterfall that Jason had tried to get her to go to with Y.

Periodically Robin would look at him, so handsome with his red hair grown so long that it now flowed over his shoulder. Sometimes he wore a headband to keep it out of his face, or a crazy hat.

She loved everything she saw from his crooked smile to the way his head periodically jerked to and fro due to his Cerebral Palsy. She loved his green eyes and the freckles on his skin that had become bronzed by the Japanese sun. She loved the muscles visible beneath his shirt and the gentle way that he touched objects with fingers that he had to force to move in a certain way. She thought to herself, ‘this man will be my husband, the father of my children, my partner for life.’

She loved him totally and completely and she had no doubt that he felt the same for her.

Jason had decided to propose to Robin while at Akita Tom’s funeral. He was struck by how fleeting life was and how young Akita had been when the accident had taken his life. He had no wife and no children—probably assuming that he would have many years to fill his life with such things. But nothing was promised to them.

And then Robin had gotten up before the church and had begun to sing. Her voice and words touched him—he loved her so that was a given. But it also affected everyone that heard her. He had looked around the audience and saw that everyone else could see that Robin had a gift.

He had been fortunate enough to discover that gift and to be able to help her share it with others. In that moment as he watched Robin sing to the memory of Akita Tom, Jason knew that there was no one else that he would want to live his life with. And if Robin wasn’t with him when he did make it big, then it wouldn’t mean anything to him. She was the prize at the end of it all.





Belinda and Amberly got a call to begin work on a video. It was the first video project that they had been assigned to work on since the release of Akita’s album featuring Wheels of Steel. The next set of videos were supposed to be for the new Wheels of Steel Album. But the unfortunate death of Akita required them to begin production on a special set of videos—ones for his tribute album.

Belinda and Amberly wanted to make it special so they were going to put all of their technical knowledge into making an innovative video to compliment the first release from the album. The release would be over thirty minutes long and would feature all seventeen artists that were included on the album. Some thought it was the best work they had ever completed. The one song traversed the gamut from funky, techno, hip-hop and trans. To put it in basically—the song was amazing.

Y had just dropped the girls off at the studio when he got a call from his uncle requesting a meeting. He hated when his uncle had to meet face to face instead of handling business over the phone. The drive sometimes ate up three hours of his day—not counting the meeting itself.

But Y would never tell his uncle no. It just wasn’t done in the Yakuza. He had come close only once and that was when it was suggested that he not marry a gaikokujin. His uncle had not expressly forbidden it. That would have been impolite. But it had been implied that there should be no marriage between him and Amberly—and Y had ignored that suggestion.

Yori Akhiro was not Y’s blood uncle but he was the man that had been more family to him than even his own father and for that reason alone Y always made sure to show the utmost in respect. Except when it came to his decision to marry Amberly, Y had never gone against anything his uncle requested.

Luckily it was just a short drive from the Tokyo studio to his uncle’s home. Y was escorted to Yori Akhiro who was relaxing on his lavish penthouse deck. There was an infinity pool that he’d never seen his uncle use even though the older man wore swim trunks and sat by the pool.

They hugged and then Y bowed politely in greeting to his uncle. Yori asked about Amberly and about his health and Y did the same. Once the formalities had ended the two men sat on the lawn chairs, which faced the hustle and bustle of Tokyo.

Y remained quiet as his uncle lit a cigar and once he’d gotten it going to his satisfaction the older man looked at Yagano.

“How is the record company?”

“Business is going very well ojisan,” Y replied, assuming that his uncle was still making polite inquiries. “In fact, business has never been better. Due to the unfortunate death of Akita we are selling more songs than ever before. The internet radio channels are playing his music in heavy rotation which means more money for us.”

Y could have gone on but his uncle interrupted him. “And what happens when interest fades?”

Y thought before speaking, his internal alarms going off at his uncle’s interest. The two had made a deal that there would be no interference from the family when it came to Akita Tom’s affairs. They put him there to keep him occupied and out of Yakuza affairs—specifically out of sight of his father’s son; Riyu.

“I’m not sure that I understand, ojisan … When interest wanes we will still be ahead of the game because now there are more fans than ever before learning about Akita’s sound-“

“But the label will be relying on royalties to keep it afloat. Without new Akita Tom music the label will never make the money that it could make. The label needs music to produce. It needs the unreleased music that Wheels of Steel and Hidalgo are holding.”

Y inhaled deeply wondering who had fed his uncle this information. Only someone who knew the workings of Akita Tom Productions would know about the unreleased music. His thoughts settled on James Edelson.

“That unreleased music is only going to get the company so far—and then we are back to square one.”

“Yes. That’s why the label needs to sign musicians; specifically the group that still holds the unreleased music—Wheels of Steel”

Y sat back in his chair. “So who has been giving you this information?”

Yori put his cigar in a nearby ashtray and then he gave Y a stern look. “The true question isn’t who gave me this information. The true question is why it didn’t come from you?”

Y’s brow drew together. “My apologies Yori-oji-san. Since the company was doing so well, I did not think to tell you about the unreleased music.” Because in reality there was nothing to tell. Akita’s death was no secret and it was no secret that the label had no other artists. James had filled his uncle’s ear with information supporting his own agenda. Y intended to hurt James … badly.

Yori looked at Y. “You are friends with the group Wheels of Steel. Your wife was once a member. They now have the music that the label needs to keep it in the music making business instead of the royalty collection business. Do you understand?”

“Yes ojisan,” Y said while growing pale. He had to get Wheels of Steel to sign with Akita Tom Productions … one way or another.





“Are you getting tired?” Robin asked. She and Jason had been walking around Karuizawa for most of the day but Jason said that he wasn’t ready to return to the house yet.

“When should we get hitched?” Jason asked as they strolled down a shopping plaza. Jason had purchased some undies and other necessities due to his prolonged trip. He squeezed Robin’s hand with the one not holding the shopping bag and cane.

Robin smiled. “We should do it after Peter’s and Belinda’s wedding.”

“Why?” Jason asked.

“Because they got engaged first. It wouldn’t be right to jump in and take all of the attention from them.”

Jason had a sudden idea. “We could have a double wedding.”

Robin made a face. “No. A bride should have all of the attention.”

“You would take all of the attention, so that wouldn’t be fair to Belinda I guess.”

Robin smiled at the compliment.

“Have you made a decision on what career path you want to take?”

Robin sighed. “It’s such a hard decision. I really wanted to work with kids with disabilities. But singing is something that I can do well and people are really interested in working with me. I’ve been using Akita’s death as an excuse to put them off but … I’m just not sure.”

“There’s no rush, honey. But Peter’s dad did look at the contracts for both you and Wheels of Steel and he’s made several changes. Everything is in our favor if we decide to sign.

“We have options. We can stay independent, we can sign under a more mainstream label—at least, you can. We can even produce our own music the same way Akita did with his label. “

Her brow lifted. “Do you know how to do something like that?”

Jason nodded. “Yep. Wheels of Steel has been doing it on a small scale for years. Remember how we were selling CD’s out of the back of Peter’s van? But of course a true label has the money to market us and to get us heard in ways that I couldn’t do. It’s the difference between making a couple grand and making millions.”

Robin grinned. “I do love this life. I don’t think I want to miss out on an opportunity to become a famous singer,” she added sarcastically. “I think I will pursue a music career. Maybe I can continue with college and get my degree while things are moving a head-“

Jason chuckled. “Sweetheart, you are already famous. You are just in a small little ball where you don’t see it. If you talk to the music makers you would see how many people are using snippets of your voice.

“There is this song on YouTube called Sessions by MTN which is using snippets of your voice from when you and Peter sang at the Omicron Christmas party last year. We uploaded it and people have been sampling it. The Sessions remix has over a hundred thousand hits.

“Now people are mixing the Sessions mix into their own beats. So your voice is like the Funky Drummer beat that was created by Clyde Stubblefield. It’s the most used beat in music. Sampling your voice is the new trend.”

“Well, how come I’m not getting paid for this?”

Jason raised his brow. “When you start accepting these offers to lay your voice on track then you’ll start getting paid. Now you need to sign that paper work I gave you a month ago so that you can get royalties for Loves End.”

“Wait a minute … so why do I need a record contract if I can just sing on other people’s songs and make royalties? I can still stay in school and live a rock-n-roll lifestyle.”

“There you have it. If Akita Tom Productions wants you, they can have your voice on a case by case basis.”

“I think I’d prefer that.” Robin stated. “And so you and Peter are going to sign the contract?”

“Only if they agree to our terms. Akita’s unreleased music remains the property of Wheels of Steel. I don’t want them ruining it just so they can make more money off of it.”

“Then I think we know what our future holds.” Robin said in relief.

“Yes. Fame,” Jason replied.





Chapter Sixteen




James Edelson stepped out of the limo and was walking up to his condo when a figure moved in his direction from a waiting vehicle parked by the entrance.

James didn’t know how the fans found him and what they thought they could get by accosting him but even getting next to an agent to a star was like getting next to a star. It was why at the age of fifty-six he was getting laid more than he had at the age of twenty-six.

He was about to turn and tell the groupie to go away when he saw that it was Yagano. James hadn’t been to Akita’s former house since the funeral. He only needed to hang around Jason, Peter and Robin—something that was easily accomplished since the two men were constantly in the studio. Therefore he made sure that he was constantly in the studio.

He smiled until he saw the rapid way in which Yagano was approaching him. And then the younger man buried his fist into James’ stomach and James immediately doubled over, his breath leaving his body causing him to gasp.

What the-?

Yagano grabbed him by the lapels of his jacket and straightened him. James was terrified at the angry expression on the face of the normally even-tempered Asian man. Although he’d never seen Y react violently he knew of the man’s connection to the Yakuza and James knew the power that the Yakuza held in Japan.

“Wha-a-t?” James stammered.

“You prick!” Y shoved him in the direction of the condo. “Get in the house. You and I have something to discuss.”

James entered the building, asking what was wrong. Y kept a grip on his jacket and led them to the elevator. He shoved James inside and stabbed the button for the twenty-second floor, refusing to answer the man who was rapidly explaining that he had no idea what had pissed Yagano off but assuring him that they could get to the bottom of it.

“Oh, we’re going to get to the bottom of it,” Y said evenly, an angry glint alight in his narrowed eyes.

Once James had managed to open the door to his condo he gave Y a confused look.

“What is this about, Yagano?”

“This, James, is about you getting involved in business that is way over your pay level.” He poked James in the chest causing the man to back up.

“Now hold on a minute-“ James sputtered.

“I am your liaison to the Yakuza.” Y pushed James hard until he ended up sitting on his sofa. Y leaned in close until he was inches from James’ face. “You don’t go to another Yakuza. You come to me and me only.”

“But I didn’t go to the Yakuza-“ James said in a small frightened voice.

“Don’t lie to me!” Y raised his hand to slap James and James cowered.

“I’m not lying Yagano! I know we’re not exactly friends but why would I mess around with the Yakuza? Yakuza is getting paid for essentially doing nothing—I’m not saying that you do nothing!” He added quickly. “But money is going through you to them. You should be the one getting rich, not them.”

Yagano squeezed James’ cheeks roughly. “There you go talking about things you need to keep out of.” He roughly pushed James away and the older man yelped in pain at the rough handling.

“Out of respect for Akita I won’t slit your tongue, you snake. But don’t ever piss me off like this again!” He pointed at James. “When you get into Yakuza business you are over-stepping your bounds! If I ever discover that you’ve spoken to my uncle about my business-“

“Your uncle …” James was shaking his head in denial. “I don’t even know who your uncle is. I know nothing about Yakuza business and I don’t know why you just beat me up! But if something else happens it’s not my doing! I swear it.”

Y narrowed his eyes and glared at James. “Don’t lie to me-“

“I’m not lying! I swear it. I have no idea what you’re talking about-“

“I’m talking about you pursuing Wheels of Steel and Akita’s unreleased music.”

James drew his brow together. “And what does any of that have to do with the Yakuza? You already have more than enough shares in the company to make whatever happens lucrative to the Yakuza. Why should they be interested in how the label is operated?”

Yagano scanned James face. “You’re the one pursuing Wheels of Steel and Robin. And you’re the one that wants that unreleased music. If you didn’t go to my uncle to get my help in making that happen then who did?”

“Hideo.” James said with a surprised look on his face. “Hideo is on salary with the label for only as long as he’s needed. If we dissolve or if we do nothing new his services would no longer be needed. Also he has a small share in the company so … are you saying that your uncle wants you to secure Wheels of Steel and Akita’s music for the label?”

Shit, Yagano thought. Had he made a mistake?

“You better not be lying.” Y said while staring closely at the frightened man, but he already knew that James was telling the truth. He had not been behind getting his uncle to force his hand.

“I’m not lying to you, Yagano,” James exclaimed.

Y rubbed his face and sighed. “Then I owe you an apology.” And then he glared at James. “But if you’re lying to me I will kill you.”

James quickly shook his head. “I’m not lying. And I know that you would kill me if I am lying. And I accept your apology.” He added in a weak terrified voice.

Yagano popped his knuckles. “I will make it up to you, James. But for now I have other business to attend to.” Y left without another word and James quickly hurried to the door and locked it.

He’d known Y for several years and had thought him to be too openhearted for the cut-throat business world. But now he knew the truth. Y was just as ruthless as the rest of them, maybe more so because he had kept this dangerous, angry part of his nature completely undercover. It was a lesson that James decided he would never forget.





When Robin and Jason returned to the house they heard music coming from the studio. Following the sounds they saw Peter making beats. Jason wasn’t sure if he was working or just doing it for pleasure and he thought how wonderful it was that they had jobs where you couldn’t tell the difference between work and pleasure.

“Hey guys,” he called. “Robin I’m working on a song. I’ve been inspired by the tribute album. Will you lay down some vocals on it?”

She walked over to his wheelchair. “You did the lyrics?”

“Well, not yet. But I got this cool melody going and it would sound good with lyrics.”

Robin listened with interest. “Well you know I’m going into the business of selling hooks and recording vocals. You gotta pay, son.” She said mimicking Jason.

Peter’s face fell. “Awww, that’s cold. I thought we were buddies.”

Robin laughed. “I’m kidding. It would be my pleasure to do the vocals on your first piece of music.”

He gave her a high five.

Jason sat down in one of the chairs and rolled over to Peter and Robin.

“And I’m ready to sign the contract-“ he began and then Peter’s loud cheer interrupted him. Peter whooped so loudly that Jason thought he was going to leap out of his wheelchair.

“Hell yeah, man! Wheels of Steel is about to make it big!” Peter dug into his pocket for his cellphone. “I’m going to call James now and tell him to haul his ass over here with Hideo before something happens to change your mind.”

“As long as they agree that we keep the unreleased Akita song then nothing is going to change my mind,” Jason grinned.

Peter left a message when the phone went to voicemail. “Yo James, can you and Hideo come over? Jason and I have changes to the contract that we want to go over with you. Call me back.”

“While we wait let me hear your new song.” Robin said. Peter was excited about it and he played it for them with Jason adding some suggestions and Robin humming along so that soon it sounded like it would turn out to be a very cool tune.

When James hadn’t returned the call after an hour, Peter joked that he must not want the contract as bad as he did in the beginning.

The girls came home without Y who said that he had a meeting with his uncle. The group kicked back and discussed weddings, marriage and a bright future for them all.





If Hideo and James had been better friends things might have turned out differently. But Hideo never received a call from James Edelson warning him that Yagano was on the warpath.

So when Hideo Choi left his office and headed to the parking garage, he didn’t see the black Mercedes parked across from his car. He barely saw the man jump from the vehicle and rush him. All he knew is that something had grabbed him by the back of his neck and slammed him face first into the driver’s side windshield.

Blood instantly began to pour from a gash on Hideo’s nose. The perpetrator who was dressed in black including a cap that sat low on his head pushed the confused man to the waiting Mercedes.

Hideo began to protest in Japanese and that’s when Y removed his cap.

“Get in the car. Now.”

Hideo’s mouth fell open and when he didn’t move quickly enough, Y grabbed him by the back of the neck and roughly pushed him into the passenger side of the car.

The businessman was too confused to open the car and escape, and when Y entered on the driver’s side he engaged the child locks so that there was now no way to escape.

“What are you doing, Yagano?” Hideo exclaimed while staring in surprise at the blood that was on his hands from where he’d wiped at his nose.

Y didn’t immediately answer. He had never been fond of the lawyer. Unlike him and James, Hideo was not a true member of Akita Tom Productions. True he handled the legal end of things—but anyone could do that. Hideo pushed for things that might be lucrative but wasn’t the best fit for the label—or for Akita Tom.

“Hideo, I want you to sit there and think long and hard. There will be no games between us.” Y took his eyes from the road long enough to give the frightened attorney a long look. “And it will be in your best interest not to piss me off more than I already am.”

Surprisingly, the drive was silent. If Hideo thought to make a plea he thought better of it when he looked at his bloody hands. He didn’t have tissues or a handkerchief so the blood flowed down his nose and chin where it dripped onto his expensive shirt and tie.

They drove silently for nearly half an hour before Y pulled up to a set of warehouses. He drove around back where he parked the car. He unreleased the child locks and then turned in his seat to look at Hideo.

“Get out.”

Hideo looked even more afraid then before. “Yagano-“ He began.

“Get the fuck out.” Y’s voice rose.

Hideo quickly opened the door and stepped out. He looked around, seeing only warehouses lined up for what appeared to be several blocks. One warehouse had the sign of a noodle manufacturing company. But the warehouse closest to them had a sign that advertised a dog food company.

The Yakuza had their hands in many different businesses. They ran loan companies—not legitimate ones but very lucrative ones. They also had their hand in many small and large businesses such as the warehouses that lined the waterfront.

Hideo felt Y’s hand roughly grab the back of his jacket where he was then led to the dog food factory.

“Yagano, what are you doing?” Hideo asked while turning to look at the younger man, stumbling in the process.

“Quiet.” Y said simply. Hideo stopped walking, sputtering out an explanation in rapid Japanese until Y gripped his hair with his free hand and dragged the struggling man into the building.

“No!” Hideo screamed. “Help!”

Y kicked him in the ass. “Quiet, I said!” He snapped and Hideo began to blubber as Y half dragged him inside. When the door was closed behind them Hideo scampered away, looking around at the old, unused machinery and catwalk. It was obvious that the warehouse was no longer in use but it was still noisy. One large piece of machinery was running, making a terrible grinding noise.

When Hideo realized that the noisy machine was a meat grinder he screamed again in earnest. Yagano was upon him in a few short steps and he raised his fist and brought it down fiercely against Hideo’s face.

“Stop your blubbering.” Yagano reached into his pocket for a switchblade, which he opened with a flick of his wrist. He pressed the tip of the blade against the whimpering man’s neck. “Now strip.”

“What?” Hideo asked. “But why-?”

Yagano’s eyes narrowed as he glared at Hideo. “Because dog’s don’t need cotton polyester blend in their food.”

Hideo’s eyes bulged. “Please, I wasn’t trying to hurt you. It had nothing to do with you! It was just about making money and getting more artists!”

Y paused. “Keep talking.”

Tears were streaming down Hideo’s face. He was old and no match for Yagano who was nearly half his age. He would spill his guts if he could get away from this deadly encounter.

“I just wanted to make sure the label had artists. That’s all. James mentioned that Wheels of Steel and Hidalgo had unreleased music and I told him that we could get it and sign Wheels of Steel and take care of both needs. If we could get the girl it would be a packaged deal.

”But they wouldn’t sign. They know Akita’s music will make them rich and famous even without us!”

When Hideo saw that he now had Yagano’s attention he placed his hands together while on his knees and begged.

“Give me a reason not to kill you—and your begging isn’t it. So you went to my uncle so that he could have me help you?”

Hideo shook his head adamantly. “No! No. Not your uncle but Riyu!”

Yagano frowned. Riyu … his father’s son was involved in this? But why? How would any of this benefit Riyu?

“Riyu came to me right after the accident. He wanted to know the terms of Akita’s will. So I told him about the shares in the company. When he heard that you were getting more shares he went wild!”

Yagano’s teeth clenched as he listened.

“He knew that the label was going to get bigger now that Akita was gone. And he said he wanted in and for you to be out.”

Yagano swallowed back the curse that he was about to shout. “Go on,” he said while giving the cowering man a brief shake.

“We talked about how important the label could be if only we had the music and the artists. It was Riyu’s idea to go to your uncle.”

Yagano’s stomach felt like it was about to cave in. Why would his uncle help Riyu?

“I swear to you that I had nothing to do with going to your uncle and I didn’t approach Riyu. He was the one that came to me!”

Yagano slapped him again, but not as hard as he could have. “You were plotting against me! It doesn’t matter who went to whom! And stop with the begging, I won’t be killing you—at least not today.” He closed his switchblade and pocketed it.

“Thank you! Thank you, Yagano!”

Yagano released him and took a step back when Hideo tried to kiss his shoes. There was nothing more disgusting to him than a weak and cowering man.

“Don’t think just because I’m not going to turn you into dog food that things between us are good. I will leave you with two choices. You may perform yubitsume.” Hideo gasped and placed his hands behind his back. “Or you may leave Akita Tom Productions and never return. You have twenty-four hours to decide. I will expect your package or your resignation in my office by this time tomorrow.”

Hideo’s eyes were now rolling in his head in fear.

“And Hideo, if I don’t receive notification then one of my associates will place you in that grinder,” Y stated while gesturing behind him to the noisy piece of machinery.

“Also, if you’re even fantasizing about putting a hit on me, you’re only going to piss off my father.”

Hideo pressed his hands together and shook his head in denial that he had been thinking any such thoughts.

Not being a complete asshole, Yagano drove him back to the garage where his car was parked. The bloody, bruised man with a tear streaked face climbed into his car and sat there crying for a full half an hour after Yagano had left.





Chapter Seventeen




Amberly turned in bed sleepily when Y climbed in beside her. She snuggled against him still half asleep.

“Honey, it’s so late. Was the meeting with your uncle awful?”

Y kissed her and held her in his arms. “Not so much. Go back to sleep.” He stroked her hair and kissed her temple.

“I worry about you, honey. Please don’t come home knifed or something,” she muttered sleepily.

Y smiled. “I’ll try not to.”

The next morning Y was checking the messages—most of which were for Sweetheart of Wheels of Steel, when he scowled in confusion.

Two messages were from artists that had heard her hook for Love’s End and wanted her to record a hook for them. The third was from Jerry Flynn of the Bushido Code wanting to know if she’d given his offer any thought.

He shook his head in confusion. What had he missed yesterday? Something had definitely gone down and it better not have messed up what he needed to do for the Yakuza.

Y cursed again about the plight he’d found himself in. He was friends with Wheels of Steel but that didn’t mean that he could expect them to change the course of their lives just because his uncle had made demands on him.

He found Robin just coming down the stairs. Her eyes were on her cellphone where she was checking her messages.

“Morning Y,” she said happily.

“Good morning, Robin. You have some messages. Several people are trying to get in touch with you to sing on their recordings-“

She laughed. “More? I have like seven messages already!” She reached the bottom of the stairs and Y could see that her eyes were alight with excitement. “I can’t believe it! Jason just put the word out that I would be willing to sing hooks and lay down lyrics on tracks. I did not expect things to happen so fast.”

Y hid his concern. He handed her the messages. “And what about the label deal?”

Robin shook her head. “No, I don’t think that’s for me, at least not now. I still want to be free to pursue physical therapy for children.”

Y’s brow drew together. “And you don’t think you can sign with the label and pursue both?”

“Well if I stay unsigned, I can work around my schooling.”

“Come on, lets get some breakfast,” he said and they headed for the kitchen. “Contracts are going to be involved no matter what you do. And you can negotiate with the label so that your needs are met.”

Robin blinked at him and smiled. “That’s right! You’re a shareholder. Maybe I can talk to you about some of my concerns? We can’t seem to get in touch with James or Hideo.”

“Sure, you can talk to me about it.” He said. “Do you know what Jason and Peter’s plans are for Wheels of Steel?”

Robin nodded. “They want to sign.” Y nearly sighed in relief. “Peter’s dad made changes to the original contract so that Wheels of Steel gets to keep ownership of all music made prior to this contract, especially Akita’s last song.”

Y froze and then he ran his hand through his hair but turned to hide his reaction to that unfortunate news. “What do you want for breakfast, Robin?”

“Those soybean things you eat sound good.”

“Natto and eggs coming up.” Y got the rice from the steamer that Amberly had started earlier and Robin busied herself with getting the water heated for the tea and retrieving plates for them. Jason and Peter had already gone to Tokyo to work on the finishing touches for the recording and Belinda and Amberly had gone in with them so that they could work on video production. It left Robin home but she needed to catch up on laundry and if she could find the products she wanted to relax her hair.

Also, even though she said she wouldn’t spend too much money, Robin intended to ask Y to drop her off at the bus station so that she could travel into Tokyo to shop and then she would hitch a ride back with the rest of the gang.

Y moved to the refrigerator for eggs and he and Robin crashed into each other. She nearly dropped the glass container of tea-leaves and they ended up juggling the items in their hands and then laughing when they bypassed a messy accident.

She sat down to get out of his way and then rested her head on her palm and watched him moving about the kitchen as he efficiently made breakfast of rice, natto—the fermented soybean and eggs. Sometimes he also had fruit and miso soup and sometimes there was just cereal. But Robin had long ago stopped thinking it was polite to cook her own meals when they were already going to do it for themselves.

She had to learn that in Japan it was just a matter of politeness for a host to make sure their guest’s needs were met. In these last two weeks Robin had not only gained an appreciation for the Japanese culture but had discovered a new friend in Yagano.

“So do you really think the label would give me enough freedom to stay in school?”

Y had just been pondering how to turn the conversation back around to Akita Tom’s music when Robin asked the question. He had an idea on how he could get his goals met.

“Robin, I can assure you that if you sign with Akita Tom Productions, not only will you have the freedom to finish school but we will help pay for it.”

“What?” Robin exclaimed. “Really?”

Y gave her a crooked smile. “Of course Robin. Let me take a look at the contracts that Peter’s dad prepared for you and I’ll see what I can do for Wheels of Steel as well.”

Robin squealed happily. “Y! You are the best!”

“I do what I can,” he said with a smile that he didn’t really feel.





Y offered to take Robin to the mall if she helped him do the grocery shopping. In that way they spent the day together.

“You know, all of this would be a tax write-off for you if you were signed with the label.” Y said nonchalantly as he watched Robin checking the price tags on some of the clothes that interested her.

“A tax write-off?”

“Sure, and not just that. By signing with the label you’d get an agent, a management company, a stylist, body guards and access to places and events that the normal person couldn’t even dream about.”

“Are you for real?”

Y shrugged. “I assume so. That’s what the label did for Akita. Why wouldn’t they do the same for any artists that signs under them?” He gave her a winning grin. “And if it’s not in the contract I’d negotiate for it.”

Robin returned his smile. “You’re making the label deal sound sweet.” If she could put the things into the contract that she really wanted then signing was a no brainer.

She looked at the price tag of a blouse that interested her and sighed in distress. “Jeez this place is expensive. How much is thirty-six thousand yen?”

“That is roughly three hundred American dollars.”

Her eyes bugged. “Just for a friggin’ shirt?”

“Come on, I’ll take you to the Bazaar.” He flicked the shirt’s material. “You can get this kind of thing when you’re back in the States. The items available at the Bazaar are unique to Asia.”

Robin was all for that idea. “Thanks for hanging with me.” She said. “And for helping me to understand about the label. But I feel like I’m taking you away from your real work.”

“Technically I’m on vacation. I took a few days so that I could help out with the funeral and making sure you guys were comfortable.”

“Well you can go back to work Y. We pretty much know the score by now. As long as I know how to buy a subway ticket to and from Tokyo then I’m good.”

He smiled. “It’s not a problem, Robin. I don’t work a desk job anyways. I was basically the go-to man for Akita and the company.”

“But you also have other … jobs.” Robin said discreetly. She remembered him reminding her that Akita Tom was not the only job that he had with the Yakuza.

He looked at her seriously. “Oh no worries. I get that work done.”

“Good. I don’t want you to get into trouble on our account.”

Y remained silent as he scanned a display of Asian tea sets.

“Why do you think Jason and Peter are so reluctant to allow the label to release Akita’s last song?” He asked.

Robin shrugged. “Hidalgo thinks that the money from the song will go to the label instead of to Wheels of Steel.” Robin was testing the quality of the fabric of a colorful Kimono. She met Y’s eyes. “But truthfully I don’t think Jason cares about the money. He never cares about the money. I guess he can afford not to since he’s never had to struggle with being broke.

“But the real deal is that they don’t want to compromise the integrity of the music. I guess they think that if the label gets hold of it, they will chop it up and try to sell it under as many albums as possible.”

Y thought about that. It was probably the truth—it was the most lucrative thing to do. But Y had loved Akita Tom even more than Jason and Peter and that was the last thing he would want as well.

“Well Jason and Peter will have to distribute the song. They should consider allowing the label to negotiate the distribution and marketing. That way they can keep the music and just pay the label to do those things.”

Robin shrugged and nodded. “Jason says they know how to distribute but just not on a large scale and they don’t have marketing—other than whatever your wife and Belinda do for them.”

Y smiled. He’d set the hook.

“I’ll talk to Jason and Peter about it.” Y said casually. “James and Hideo are probably busy with their other affairs.” He smirked. They were keeping a low profile. Good.

When they returned to the house Robin went upstairs to get the contracts that Jason had shown her the day before. Y went into the office where there was a package sitting on his—formerly Akita’s desk.

He sat down and tore open the thick manila envelope already knowing what the contents contained. A white handkerchief was inside. He pulled it out and noted that it had a small dot of blood staining the otherwise pristine material.

Y unfolded the handkerchief, uncovering the pale tip of a finger. His lip twisted. It figured that Hideo would choose the money option vs. retaining a digit option.

The door to the office opened and Robin bounded in with the contracts in hand.

Y swiftly covered the fingertip with the handkerchief, palming it before slipping it into the center desk drawer.

He smiled and reached for the contracts. “I’ll take a look at these and let you know what I think shortly. Maybe we can have this all settled by the end of the day.”

“That would be great and then we can get back to America and get out of your hair.”

“I rather like you in my hair, Robin.” He winked and she giggled and left him to his business.

As Robin went upstairs to do her hair she thought it was probably shameful to recognize how totally gorgeous Y was. Amberly had made a great catch.

Jason called a few hours later and he sounded exhausted.

“Everything okay, honey?” She asked while checking the time. It was nearly eight o’clock and he and Peter were usually back at the house by now.

“Yes, sorry babe we needed to redo two of the tracks and we ran late. Look, we want to just stay in Tokyo so that we can get started bright and early in the morning. Belinda and Amberly are planning to do the same—if it’s okay.”

He seemed worried and Robin assured him that she had no problem with it. They spent too many hours on the road travelling back and forth to Tokyo. He’d already seen his doctor three times since being in Japan and that along with working in the studio was enough to exhaust anyone.

“Don’t worry about it, babe. Y took me to the mall and then we did the grocery shopping. Also, I let him look at the contracts. He thinks he might have some input on getting us the best deal possible.”

“Really? That’s great—I didn’t realize Y had any say. Look babe, I’m sorry but we’re getting ready to check-in and I’m exhausted. Talk to you in the morning?”

“Yes, baby. You sleep well. I love you.”

“I love you, too.”

A few minutes later there was a knock on her bedroom door.

“Come in,” she said.

Y poked his head into the room. “Amberly just called to say that they were going to be staying in Tokyo.”

“Yeah, Jason just called me.”

“Okay. Well I need to leave for a few hours.” Robin gave him a wide-eyed look.

“Oh.” She did not want to be in this big house all alone.

“I’ll be back later tonight-“ he began.

“Would it be alright if I go with you?” She flushed that she had asked and that he probably thought she was being a baby. But it was one thing to be alone in a big mansion and quite another to be alone in a big mansion in Japan. Besides, she and Y had spent a great deal of time together—more one on one time then she and Jason had since their arrival in Japan.

Y gazed at her noting her flush of embarrassment. He had been planning to pay a visit to Riyu. It was something that had to be done sooner than later. If Hideo hadn’t already tipped him off it wouldn’t be long until Riyu put into action whatever plans he had.

“It’s Yakuza business …” He said.

“Are you planning to put a hit on someone or something?” She joked and then she shook her head. “I’m sorry. I’ll be okay. You go on ahead.”

He frowned. Of course she wouldn’t want to stay in a strange house all alone and the maid had already left for the evening. Besides his business with Riyu would be nothing like the ones he’d had with Hideo and James. His father’s son had to be handled differently.

“Will you stay in the car? I doubt if I’ll be long—the ride there and back is what takes the longest. ” He finally said.

She nodded and held up her IPad. “I can play solitaire and get caught up on social media.”

He sighed and then smiled. “Okay. Oh, by the way Robin, will you wear something black?”

Her brow quirked up. “Oh…kay.”

A short time later she met him at the front door. Y was now dressed in black pants and a black t-shirt. She thought he looked pretty bad-ass dressed casually in black, although the black baseball cap did hide a lot of his face.

What she didn’t see is that he also carried an extendable baton in his right pocket along with a switchblade in his left.

Not that he anticipated any problems with Riyu. Their relationship was filled with animosity—but never violence—at least not since becoming adults. Their father would never tolerate that between them. Although the man obviously valued his first-born son more it did not mean that he would allow Riyu to physically harm Yagano. As if the many small slights that Yagano had endured all of his life did not hurt.

Robin had dressed in black jeans and a black sleeveless t-shirt. She was also carrying a nice black jacket just on the off chance that Y allowed her to leave the car and accompany him on whatever Yakuza job he had.

She had an inkling that Y’s ‘other’ jobs might entail picking up and then delivering suspicious packages.

As they drove Robin joked with Y about his Yakuza business until Y finally told her.

“It’s not anything big. I just have to pay a visit to my father’s son.”

Robin remembered him talking about the brother that he didn’t acknowledge. She turned to watch him.

“And you have to dress in black to do it?”

His lip went up in a smile. “I have to dress in black so that no one will see me break into his condo.”

Now Robin was frowning. “Are you going to rob him?”

Y chuckled. “No. He’s home—I already made certain of that. I just don’t want him to turn me away. And he would.”

Robin shrugged. He must really want to talk to the man.

Thankfully they didn’t have to drive into Tokyo—even still it was nearly an hour-long drive--although Y and Robin entertained themselves with lively conversation about topics from American reality television to Japanese boy bands.

“Don’t you want a relationship with your brother? You’re an only child-“

“His name is Riyu. And he’s not my brother.”

She rolled her eyes. “I’m sorry to inform you, Yagano, that people who have the same blood fathers are commonly called brothers.”

He didn’t reply.

“Okay, my apologies. He’s not your brother. You two dislike each other that much?”

The shadow of some unidentifiable emotion crossed Y’s face. “When I was a child my father used to have a driver pick me up once a week to take me to his home. I remember being three and four and five years old, sitting alone in the back of a huge limo. The driver never spoke and neither did I. My mother would always dress me in my finest and I always felt as if I was going some place very important.

“Once I got to his house I was delivered to my father’s office, escorted by the limo driver through a side entrance. Later I would learn that the family forbade me to enter through the front door.

“My father’s home felt like a museum to me. I was far from poor but mother and I did not have the richest that my father had. When I got to his office I would climb into a big chair that I used to think was an Emperor’s throne. When I told my mother that I had gotten to sit in a throne she would warn me not to get smudges on the velvet and it always worried me.

“Once I arrived, my father’s serious expression would lighten and he would offer me candy and talk to me as if I was very important. We talked about school and me and my mother’s needs.” He paused.

“I always thought my father was unlike anyone else. He wore a moustache that was very thick. It seemed to me back then that the fact that my father could grow such a strong moustache meant that he was very powerful. To me he looked like a Hollywood movie star. My first wish was to be as important as he was.”

Y glanced at Robin after a moment. “Once father and I visited for a while he would have Riyu brought into the room. Riyu is four years my senior and at first he would just watch me with interest—as I would watch him.

“Our father would play games with us but it didn’t seem as if we played with each other; Riyu and I. I suppose our father was trying to get us to know each other—maybe even to become brothers.

“One day during one of my visits Riyu was escorted into the room along with a toddler, a girl—my sister. It seemed that things changed then. Riyu began to understand something that he hadn’t thought of before. He knew that I was born after him just as our sister was. He finally understood that his father had been with another woman and had created another family unit.

“During my visits Riyu would now become sullen and when our father wasn’t watching he would reach out and pinch or scratch me. I barely responded. He was bigger and I could see that he hated me. Being younger, naturally I was afraid. One day when my father told him to greet me Riyu spat on me and called me a bastard.

“I saw my father lose his temper for the first time. He grabbed Riyu and paddled his ass. He was probably ten years old and I was six or seven. But Riyu never forgave me.” Y seemed to be thinking and then he continued. “That was the last time that I was allowed into my father’s house.”

“Oh … Y. I’m sorry.” Robin said.

“I still continued to see my father, but not as frequently. He would come to our house or arrange for me to meet him at a restaurant or some other outing. And then by the time that I was nine or ten my uncle Yori was the one who would come by the house and make sure that my mother and I were taken care of. Uncle Yori was there whenever I needed a father. He came to my games and cheered me on. He talked to me about things that boy’s need fathers to discuss. And he disciplined me when I needed it.

“Riyu sounds like he needed an ass whupping but … he was a kid. Surely he outgrew his dislike for you?”

Y shook his head. “When Riyu turned sixteen, my father threw him a birthday party at a nightclub. He rented out the entire thing and there were actual movie stars there. When my father urged me to wish him happy birthday, I did and Riyu was polite and accepted my gift. I thought things between us might change. I got along fine with my sister. But when my father was no longer watching Riyu made sure I saw him throw the unopened gift into the trash. And then he and his friends spent the rest of the evening tormenting me. They spit in my food, pulled my hair, tripped me and told the others that I was a bastard.

“When the limo driver came to take me home I was certain that I never wanted to see Riyu, my sister or my father ever again.”

Robin reached out and gave Y’s hand a brief squeeze. “I’m sorry.”

“I’m not. I learned a lesson that I continue to carry with me—blood doesn’t mean everything. Family is made up of people that you love and respect.”

Robin smiled. “I agree with that.”

He returned the smile. “One of the few remaining conversations that I had with my father happened when I was eighteen. I asked him to allow me to join one of the gangs in the Inagawa-ka.” Y’s smile fell from his face. “And he said no. I stood up to him and said my piece, arguing with him until he said that there was only room for one of us and Riyu already had the spot.”

“Damn …” Robin whispered.

“I did not see him again until I was twenty-one. I asked him to reconsider and he sent me to get our crest tattooed onto my arm so that everyone would ‘think’ I was Inagawa-ka. But I was not allowed to become a true member. I am my father’s protected ‘child’. I am not a man in the eyes of the Yakuza.

“He put me on his payroll and had my uncle give me small jobs. It’s how I got assigned to Akita Tom. He wasn’t dangerous or anything. And it was a low-key assignment. My uncle basically told me to stay out of everyone’s hair about the Yakuza and he’d keep me there working in my cushy job with Akita.”

Only now Riyu wanted to take that from him. Riyu didn’t care about Akita Tom’s musical legacy. He just wanted to squeeze as much money as he could from the company and leave a husk in its place.

Riyu was a ruthless businessman. He knew how to turn a quick buck at the expense of others while Y was of a mind that a successful company could be lucrative to all parties without the need to be disruptive. He’d been passionate about his duties with Akita Tom and therefore not many knew that the original reason he was there was to collect money for the Inagawa-ka.





Chapter Eighteen




Robin was curious about the reason that Y wanted to talk to his brother, especially in light of all the shit that he’d been through. Yet he’d been very forthcoming about his life and if he didn’t offer to tell her the reason she wouldn’t ask.

He parked the car in the parking lot of a strip mall where he said that it was unlikely that anyone would bother her. But he warned that she shouldn’t open the door for anyone and he said he’d keep his cellphone on vibrate if she needed him. Then he pointed down the block to a high rise where Riyu’s condo was located.

She frowned, “Are you sure that you’re only here to talk to Riyu?”

“Yes,” he said simply.

“Alright. I’ll see you when you get back.” Y left the car keys with her without saying that if he didn’t return she should probably leave.

He walked swiftly to the building. He’d been in here once before. Riyu had taken great pleasure in having him summoned to his home for the purpose of offering him a personal assignment. He had been put in charge of overseeing the delivery of weapons from a new Russian contact. It had been the equivalent of making Y drink the wine and taste the food first. Everything had gone without incident and yet instead of being praised Y was ignored yet again and relegated to white-collar duties for the family.

Riyu knew that Y had been hungry for more. But once he’d landed the position with Akita Tom he had all but disappeared from the Yakuza—although the old hurts were still as fresh as ever, and his desire to rise in the ranks—and in the eyes of his father had not diminished.

When Y reached the entrance the doorman gave him a suspicious look.

“Inagawa-ka.” He said simply.

The doorman lowered his eyes and stepped aside.

Y now made sure to keep his cap down low, shielding his face. Yakuza associates knew him and he didn’t want any of them tipping off Riyu that he was forcing a meeting between them.

He went to the service elevator that the cleaning and maintenance workers used. Most barely noticed these people and Y was betting that Riyu’s associates were lazy about such matters.

He knew that Riyu, as the head of one of the many Inagawa-ka gangs liked keeping Yakuza around. It made him look and feel important. But it was late in the evening and Y was glad to see that the halls were empty.

He stopped at Riyu’s door and stood there as if he was guarding it. He knew that anyone seeing him would take note of his tattoo sleeve and figure that he was supposed to be there. In fact, what he was doing by standing at the door was was listening for sounds inside.

When he was satisfied that he wouldn’t be entering a room full of Yakuza, Y removed a card from his wallet. It was a keycard to Riyu’s home. The day before it had just been a blank—but after speaking to the right people it was now a replica of the key that had been used by a maid. It would show in the security system that one Maria Alvarez had entered the home although Maria had not worked for Riyu in over a year.

How easy it was to create a keycard when you knew the right people. Y opened the door slowly and once he was inside he closed it but heard a clear audio sound from the alarm system announcing ‘Front Door.’

He didn’t care that the alarm system had outted him. He wanted Riyu to know that he was in the house and to come and find him. He tipped back his hat and entered the living room. There was a beautiful white shag rug on the floor and he stood on it in his street shoes and waited.

“Yagano.” Came an angry voice from hidden speakers. Y didn’t move other than to scan the room with his eyes. He spotted one of the cameras in the ceiling in front of him—a small black glass eye that blinked letting him know that it was capturing his every move.

“Riyu. Let’s talk.”

“How dare you!” Riyu roared.

“I think that will come to be understood soon enough.” There was only silence as a response and Y assumed that Riyu was on his way to confront him. Sure enough within seconds a tall muscular man was rushing into the room.

Riyu was taller than Yagano who was more compact with a wrestler’s build. Riyu was lean with a wiry muscular frame—more like a basketball player.

“What in the hell are you doing in my home?” he shouted stopping several feet from the younger man. Riyu was angry—but not so angry as to risk getting too close to Yagano.

Y kept his hands in plain sight. He had no doubt that Riyu was packing a gun. But he hadn’t pulled it yet so Y figured he should get right to the reason that he was here.

“I know what you’re planning with Akita Tom Productions.”

Riyu cocked his head and then his posture relaxed. He entered the living room and moved to a bar where he grabbed a bottle of Hennessey and poured himself a small glass. He did not offer Y a drink.

“Is that what brings you here? That failing record label? You should be happy that I intend to rid you of it. There are more important things that you can do for the family than to peddle records.”

“And all of a sudden you want to be a record peddler?” Y replied tightly.

Riyu took a sip of his drink while gazing at Y. “No. I intend to drain it for all it’s worth and than let the buzzards have what’s left.”

Y frowned. “You have no true interest in Akita Tom Records. Your only interest is to interfere in my life.”

Riyu did not immediately reply as he just took another sip of his drink.

“I didn’t ask for the life that I was given, you know!” Y snapped. “You got the favor of our father, you got the position in the Inagawa-ka and that’s still not enough for you?”

Riyu glared at Yagano. “It will never be enough! Because of you and your slut mother, my father shares his affection with two families. He had me and that wasn’t enough! Then he went and had you!”

Y’s eyes narrowed. “You think my mother is a slut?”

A look of pleasure filled Riyu’s face. “Yes-“

In two steps Y was upon the man. His hand moved to his pocket where he was suddenly gripping the baton and in one fluid motion he had it extended and was swinging it at the unsuspecting man. Riyu managed to jump back, his drink flying from his hand as he barely missed being hit in the chest with the unyielding metal.

But Y was not done. His arm arced upward catching Riyu’s elbow and forearm. Riyu yelped and when the baton came down he raised his other arm and blocked it. Y advanced on the man, his eyes black with fury as he repeatedly swung the baton, slicing through the air and connecting with various body parts.

Riyu suddenly lunged forward and he knocked Yagano off balance. Now with him on top of the smaller man Riyu began to level punches onto Y’s face. Y growled and bared his teeth and then he boxed Riyu’s ears.

Riyu was momentarily knocked off balance, which gave Y the opportunity to push Riyu to the floor. Y climbed on him now and began wailing on his face.

“Daddy!” Came a child’s voice. It cut through Y’s anger. He looked over his shoulder to see a child of about six huddled against a woman. Both looked terrified and the little boy was crying.

Fuck. This muther fucker had gone off and spawned, Y thought bitterly as he released a dazed Riyu. He stumbled to his feet and picked up his baton. Riyu dragged himself up into a sitting position watching Yagano warily. One of his eyes had begun to swell shut and his nose was bleeding.

Y moved to the door and spit wad of blood onto the white carpet. He glared down at his father’s son before opening the door. “Stay out of my business. I’m not backing out!” He picked up his hat and left the home.

Once he was back in the elevator Y checked his reflection in the steel door. No way was he going to hide this. Riyu had split his lip and blacked his eye. Damnit! Why had he lost control? He’d known going in that Riyu was going to try to belittle him. But his mother was another story. His mother was the ‘other woman’. But she had not known that his father was already married and when she found out she ended their relationship. Only it was too late because he was already in her belly.

Y had no reason to doubt his mother, but her account is that if she had wanted the life of a Yakuza wife his father would have left his wife and married her. And who wouldn’t want to marry his mother? She was one of the greatest beauties in all of Japan—in his humble opinion. And his father kept her single by threatening any man that she looked at or that looked at her. He remembered a few of the men but they never stayed around long.

Y scrubbed his hand through his hair and pulled his cap low, cursing his stupidity. And yet a smile tugged at his sore mouth. Just like Robin had said, Riyu’s ass whupping was a long time coming.





Robin had started the car and was listening to one of the CDs that she had discovered in the glove box. Y had a variety of music from Japanese groups to Pop, Hip Hop and R&B tunes. The Alicia Keyes CD was just ending when the driver’s side door opened.

Robin jumped and pressed her hand to her chest when she saw Y’s dark figure climb into the car. “You scared me,” and then she grinned. “I’m happy you’re back because I gotta to the bathroom and I didn’t want to just leave your behind stranded.”

Y spoke without looking at her. “No problem. We can hit one of these restaurants.”

Even though his hat was low on his face Robin saw a smear of blood on his lip.

“Y, you’re bleeding!”

He looked into the rear view mirror and then turned off the car. “Yeah.” Y opened the door and continued speaking as he prepared to step out. “I need to wash my face and I could stand a drink-”

Robin grabbed his arm before he could leave the car.

“Uh, wait a minute. What in the world happened?”

He sighed. “Eh. Riyu and I are still no better at communicating.”

“He hit you?!” She exclaimed.

He shrugged. “It was just a little scuffle.” He looked at her. “Let’s go if you need to hit the bathroom.”

Robin climbed out of the car and Y locked it.

“We aren’t going to be able to get into a decent place with you all bloody.“ She reached into her purse for a baby wipe. She’d gotten into the habit of carrying them since the days of being Jason’s caregiver.

Y tried to take the wet cloth from her but she told him to stop and then she concentrated on cleaning away the smear of blood and examining his injured lip.

Y found himself staring into her curious green-grey eyes. He knew they weren’t contacts but they were an odd color for a black woman who didn’t appear to be more than African American.

He took in the way that Robin seemed so concerned about such a minor thing as a bloody lip. His heart began to beat rapidly in his chest and an image of her singing Fuck and dancing sensually came to mind. He quickly looked away but Robin touched his chin, holding him in place.

“Be still Y,” she said in a half whisper. “The blood has already started to dry,” she continued to wipe at his lip and chin before her eyes met his. “Am I hurting you?”

In that second Y’s cock began to harden. He flushed and moved away. “No. I’m good. Let’s just … go find a bathroom.”

She allowed him to escape her attention and then looked around at the people milling around the shops that were still open. “Well at least you look better.”

She followed him, walking fast to keep up with him. He was acting as if he was trying to outrun her. “Are you going to tell me what happened?” Y was a few steps ahead of her and she was about to call out to him when someone gripped her arm.

“Hey baby,” a man said in choppy English. He was so high, and or drunk that he could barely keep his balance and yet his grip was tight. Robin tried to yank out of his grasp but his hold on her arm was stronger than she expected.

“Get off-!” She didn’t get another word out before a blur of motion that scared her more than the drunkard, got between her and the perpetrator. There was a sharp slapping sound and the drunkard was on the ground holding his jaw with Y standing over him pointing his finger in anger.

“No! You don’t touch her!” Robin looked at Y in surprise. The drunk man’s friends helped him up, watching Y in worry. Y’s face was a mask of fury.

“Y, its okay.” She said when he watched the retreating man as if he would like to see him shot and killed.

Y turned to her and his body relaxed. “Are you okay? That guy didn’t hurt you did he?”

She shook her head in confusion. “No. He was just a drunk jerk. We have them in America, you know.” She gave him a slight smile. “I have never seen a man slap another man that hard before. I think you knocked his jaw out of socket,” she joked.

Y’s protective stance receded but his eyes swept the crowd of people that were watching.

Y wanted to follow the man and use his baton on him. How dare he put his hands on her. How dare anyone disrespect her!

“Sorry,” he apologized. “I should not have been walking so fast as to leave you behind.” In honesty he had wanted to put space between them. He had wanted to avoid seeing her chocolate skin and the way the black jeans and shirt accentuated her curves.

What in the hell was he thinking? This was Robin Mathena—the woman Jason was obsessed with, the woman that haunted his wife … his wife.

Even now after coming to terms with the past, Amberly was still affected by Robin. She still wished for her forgiveness and in some way her approval. And Amberly still resented Robin for the power that she wielded in the group.

Jesus …what was he thinking? The hardness in his pants began to recede. This was Robin.





“You should have seen the way Y smacked that guy down.” Robin whispered. She and Belinda were in the entertainment room watching television and eating chocolate ice cream straight from the carton. Belinda was technically still working, albeit it from home. But she was now in the midst of a self-imposed, two-hour break.

Robin chuckled as she continued. “He looked like he was chastising a dog that had piddled the floor!” She mimicked him, pointing at the floor and using a deep voice she spoke sternly, ‘No! You don’t do that! No no no! Bad dog!’”

Belinda cracked up. “What did the guy on the ground do?”

Robin took her seat next to her friend. “His friends picked him up and he left.”

“Oh my God, that is hilarious!” Belinda laughed. Y had used last night’s altercation to explain away his split lip and swollen eye. In his version of the story the man had thrown out a sucker punch and Robin did not contradict him. She understood that he didn’t want anyone to know about the fight he’d gotten into with his brother—or rather, his father’s son--as he preferred to call him. And since it wasn’t any of her business she had no problem leaving out that little detail.

Belinda had to get back to work and ended her brief break from video making. Everyone that had a job was working from ‘home’ today. Jason and Peter were working from Akita’s studio and Belinda and Amberly were using a computer editing program to work on the video.

James had called to explain that Y could handle the terms of the contract between Wheels of Steel and the label so even he was busy reviewing the counter offer that Peter’s dad had proposed. This surprised even Amberly who also seemed unaware that Y had that much clout in the company.

Robin even had business of her own to conduct. She had accepted an appointment with Jerry Flynn of The Bushido code to discuss recording a song for the show. Also she had talked to a few other artists confirming that she was indeed interested in recording with them but explained that she first had to deal with her management company.

Y had been watching her when she talked business on her cellphone and she turned to him and gave him a wink. He grew flushed and then looked away, but continued to listen.

“Yes,” Robin stated. “I’ll be signing with Akita Tom Productions but I’m sure my label will allow me to work on the show.” Robin grinned. “Okay, Mr. Flynn—sorry Jerry. I’ll see you tomorrow.”

She hung up the phone and whooped for joy. “I can’t believe it! I’m going to be singing on a television show!” She gave Y a brief hug and then hurried out of the room. “I have to tell Jason!”

Y tried not to stiffen when Robin touched him. He was more aware of her than ever, which was not a good thing. Especially in light of what he had to do …

He sighed. It was now or never time.

He followed Robin to the studio with the contracts in hand. Jason and Peter were listening to Robin tell her good news and after a round of hugs Y plastered on a grin.

“Guys, I took a look at the contract and I think its great. Whenever you want to sign we can do it.” He looked down as if considering something. “Have you thought about adding Akita’s last song into the contract?”

Peter replied, still grinning about Robin’s good news. “Nah, bra. We’re keeping that little gem to ourselves.”

“Of course, but who’s going to market it and do the mass distribution, cover design etc? You’re going to have to outsource all of that and the label is already set up to handle that. We’ll do it and then we can negotiate a fee.”

Peter stroked his chin hair and Jason shrugged. “Sounds like a good deal to me.” Jason replied. Peter nodded in agreement.

Y folded one of the contracts and the second he handed to Robin. “I added some of the things that we talked about the other day; clothing allowance, agent, management services and of course you get the right to refuse any assignments that interfere with school or career.” Robin’s grin broadened as she accepted it. “Have your attorney take a look at it.” Y advised.

Robin turned to Peter. “Will your father take a look at it for me?”

“Sure,” Peter replied, taking the document from her. “I’ll fax it to him now.” Peter gave Robin a high five “This is amazing Sweetheart. Congratulations on everything.”

“Thanks Peter.”

Y held up the folded contract. “Let me make the amendments to this contract.”

Jason shook Y’s hand. “Thanks, brother.”

Y’s grin faltered at being referred to as brother.

When Y returned to the office he placed the contract in a folder in his desk and then retrieved the fake contract that he had already drawn up. It included the fact that any music created prior to the contract would not be included in the rights and ownership of the label. This was stated in bold writing. But buried in the document was a statement that read that the artist agreed to grant a royalty share of any music contracted by the label for distribution or marketing.

Y stared at the fake document in shame. He was going to pay a visit to his uncle. He would tell him the plan and force his hand. Either let him remain, uncontested in his current position with the production company—and he would secure the artists and music for the label--or he would advise his friends to turn away from the label completely. And then they could allow Riyu to see if he could make a fraction of the money that it had made with him at the helm.





Chapter Nineteen




On the long drive to his uncle’s home, Yagano twice felt as if he would need to pull the car to the side of the road in order to puke.

Why was he having second thoughts about it?! The Yakuza had been an integral part of him since he was born. He was destined to be the leader of a clan the same as his father. And yet Riyu was placed in the position simply because their father had chosen to stay with them instead of being with the woman that he truly loved.

He hated Riyu—not just because of the cruelty that he had shown Yagano as a child, but because he had been allowed to know their father. That was a battle that Y would never win but he wanted the opportunity to at least show that he could be an asset to the family. It was due to his interests that allowed them a steady income from the record label.

He had been given other tasks that he’d completed successfully—even if they were small and insignificant. He couldn’t count the number of fingertips that he’d secured from disobedient Yakuza members. He had delivered more dope and weapons than some full-fledged members. Thankfully their clan did not traffic in prostitution. There was very little that he would draw the line at—but that was one thing. The other was giving up Amberly.

He reached the penthouse and was escorted to the living room where his uncle was busy on the phone. Y waited in the entrance to be acknowledged but his uncle’s back was turned. Y heard him speaking in Japanese and his body stiffened when his name was mentioned.

“He will be here shortly,” Yori said. “Don’t worry Riyu, I will take care of it. Once Yagano secures the contracts you can have what you want. You just remember your end of the agreement-”

Y turned and silently left the condo.

His heart felt as if it had dropped to his feet. His uncle hadn’t just been a passive player in Riyu’s plan. Yagano pulled the fake contract from his pocket and tore it into tiny bits, allowing the pieces to scatter in the wind.





Amberly kissed him when he got home. “Y, your uncle’s been calling you.”

He already knew since he’d turned off the ringer of his phone due to the many calls from his uncle. “I’ll call him in a bit. I’m starving. What’s for dinner?”

After he’d eaten and hung out with his guests he finally went into his office and called his uncle.

“Yagano! Where have you been? I’ve been waiting for hours!” Yori exclaimed.

“Yes, uncle. I know.” Y replied quietly.

“What?”

“I said that I know. I know that you have been waiting and I know that you intend to give Riyu my position in Akita Tom Productions.” Yagano’s voice was even. The pain of betrayal had already settled in around him and he felt nothing more than a sense of numbness. His uncle didn’t speak. Yagano imagined that he was in a state of shock, or maybe he was scrambling for the right words to try to snare Y back into his good graces.

Only right now, Y felt no different than the many companies that Riyu had destroyed after he’d taken what he wanted. His uncle—no, this man was no longer his uncle, Yori Akhiro knew what Akita and working in the company had meant to him. And he would do this to him?

“Yagano, wait. You don’t understand-“

Y sighed. “I should have known that your interest in me was simply because my father ordered it-“

“Yagano, that’s not true! Riyu is-“

“I don’t want to hear his name! The Yakuza will not get another dime of money from this company.” Y hung up the phone while Yori appealed for him to listen.

Y blocked the telephone number of the man that had long been the most important person in his life. Y had several tricks up his sleeve. Tomorrow he would begin to implement them.

Y sat at his desk and sent out a memo calling for a meeting of the shareholders. In the morning he would call Robert Chancellor and have a very important discussion with him.





“Maybe you can put in a good word for Wheels of Steel.” Jason said as he watched Robin scan her wardrobe for the right outfit for her lunch meeting with Jerry Flynn.

She wished she had packed her pencil skirt but who would have thought she’d need such a thing? She had to be content with brown slacks that hugged her without being too tight and a wispy blouse that was almost translucent except for strategically placed appliques.

Robin turned and looked at Jason who was propped up in bed. “I’m not doing this without you and Peter. It’s going to be Sweetheart with Wheels of Steel or it’s going to be nothing at all.”

“Robin, why won’t you let me go with you?” Jason asked. “I got your back-“

“I know you do, but you’ve been handling your business without me at your side.” She poised with the brush in her hand. “I can do the same. All we’re doing is talking. I’m not signing any contracts. Y already warned me against that. I just want to find out what they want me to do for the show.”

Jason grinned. “You know The Bushido code is my favorite anime.”

“It’s going to be mine too, now that I’m one of the performers,” she joked while slipping on her blouse. Jason just stared at her with a wide crooked grin plastered on his face.

“Damn, I have the coolest girlfriend ever. Gorgeous, a member of an all-girls band, going on a power lunch to discuss a contract with my favorite anime show… and for some unknown reason you want to marry me.”

He truly looked amazed at that concept.

Robin turned from the mirror and climbed into the bed where she settled with her head against his chest. She looked up at him when he placed his arms around her.

“Want to know what my big dream is?” She asked.

“What?”

“To have someone love me for who I am. Who thinks I’m sexy, smart, talented—and worthy of marrying.”

Jason stared at her in confusion. She had never seen herself as any of those things--that had always been obvious to him from the very beginning. He kissed her.

“You are all of that and more. I can’t wait until I can call you Mrs. Hamilton.”

She grinned. “Me either.”

“You know that I value being with you more than anything. I’d choose you over the fame, over the wealth—“ Jason said.

“Even over the fans?” She joked.

“Especially over the fans. I don’t need all that.”

She kissed him once again and then got out of bed to finish preparing for her meeting.

“When can we go home?” She asked.

“You miss Cincinnati already?”

“Well we were in Atlanta for a week and we’ve been here for nearly a month. If I stay away too much longer my landlord is going to think that I want to give up my place.”

“Is that such a bad idea?”

She looked at him through the reflection of the mirror. “You want me to move in with you when we get back?”

“Yes. Most definitely.”

She gave him a wry grin. “We can talk about it later.”

He frowned. “What’s there to talk about? You don’t want to move out of your tiny apartment and into a big-ass mansion?”

She spritzed herself with perfume. “I do. I just …”

“What?” He asked while climbing out of bed.

Robin sighed and turned to face him. “I smoke marijuana. Now I might not do it forever but when and if I stop it will be my decision.”

His brow drew together and his lips formed a hard line. “Marijuana makes you act … uhm, how should I put this. STUPID!” He was thinking about the sexy dance and song she’d performed that was still pulling in viewers on the internet. He was thinking about the way she’d sang that song to Amberly, but mostly he was thinking about the men she’d been with when they had been apart.

Robin stared at him for a moment before turning her back to him to look at herself in the mirror. She adjusted her bangs without looking at his waiting figure. “So you’re going to call me names whenever you don’t like what I do?”

Jason lowered his head and then placed his hands on her shoulders. “I’m sorry babe. I didn’t—I wasn’t trying to call you stupid, I promise. I just think pot is unnecessary and it makes people act different. I’m not going to lie. I don’t like it and I hope you stop smoking it.”

Robin turned and gave him a stern look. “And that’s why I’m reluctant to move in with you.” She moved away from his grasp and picked up her purse. “I’ll see you when I get back.” And then she left the bedroom.

Once the door was firmly closed Jason smacked his forehead and called himself an idiot.

As Robin headed down the stairs she cursed Jason and his bad temper. One minute they were all about the loving and the next he was implying that she wasn’t smart. He knew that was one of her ‘buttons’. She’d grown up thinking that she wasn’t as smart as others because of her learning disability. It had caused her to become an introvert and it was Jason and his love that had pulled her out of it.

But there had been times when he had made her feel as if she wasn’t smart. Just as there were times when she wondered the same thing. But Robin decided that she would no longer allow that type of thing either from Jason or from herself.

Y saw her come down the stairs and he joined her as she headed for the front door.

“Are you ready to go?” He asked.

Robin gave him a curious look.

“Y, you don’t have to go with me. The driver-“

“You’re soon to be signed under our label. That makes me one of your agents—soon to be agent. And as your agent you get to have me accompany you on important meetings in which you discuss future ventures.”

Robin smiled. “Fine.”

“Besides, I have to go to the office and if you don’t mind stopping there afterwards I can take care of my business and you can leave your personal information for HR.”

“Oh so you had ulterior motives?” She joked.

“Nah. But I do want to make sure Jerry knows that you’re already taken.” His eyes pierced her and Robin felt a strange pull … they locked eyes and then she blinked and the feeling abruptly ended.

Y led her outside and then helped her into the car. When they were on the road she gave him a grateful smile.

“Thank you. Honestly, I am a little nervous. I’ve never done anything like this. But I know I can,” she quickly added. “But I wouldn’t mind having a little help.”

Y gave her a nod of understanding. “I know that you’re fully capable of handling your business.” What he didn’t say was that her business was now his business.





Chapter Twenty




Yagano glanced at Robin who was uncharacteristically quiet. Over the weeks he had spent hours of one on one time with her, driving her back and forth while the others worked on projects. In that time Yagano had learned that Robin was a confusing mixture of vulnerability and strength. It was obvious to him that she was fearful of being hurt and was still trying to figure out how to protect her heart and to open up.

Yagano was happy that she trusted him enough to share some of her feelings. It gnawed at him that he realized that Robin was the type of woman that he would have pursued. She was talented, beautiful and a bit tragic.

Realizing that he had an attraction for Robin didn’t diminish his feelings for Amberly. He had been drawn to her for similar reasons. She seemed so delicate in some ways and then he realized that she was fierce. Her Cerebral Palsy did not hold her back. She dressed sexy, danced, sang, and never shied away from people or activities.

When Y had been in charge of showing the sites of Japan during the group’s original visit, he had expected that Amberly would not want to be the focus of attention—but that was quite the contrary. Japan was image conscious and most ‘politely’ avoided the disabled—sometimes even turning their heads so as not to see them. So when Amberly happily jumped in front of the crowd whether it was to sing karaoke or to dance with unashamed freedom, he could not help but to be drawn to her. Amberly was alive with spirit but there was an underlying sadness that he wanted to ‘fix’.

Amberly’s vulnerability drew him just as surely as her free spirit and her delicate beauty. He sensed in her a deep need for an emotional connection that had been evasive for her but for him as well.

Yagano’s personal life had always been that of a loner. He felt rejected by his blood relatives and while that had created a fighter, it had also created an awareness of being less important. His father who constantly put Riyu above him reinforced the feeling that he was not good enough. Therefore Y focused on being the best—the best pianist, the best singer, the best son. And personal relationships had taken a back seat to that. Until Amberly came into his life and he had met a kindred spirit.

He loved Amberly, but he couldn’t deny that he felt a connection to Robin. At first he saw it as just discovering a very cool friend. But then the attraction had intensified right around the time she’d gotten high and danced and sang so provocatively—but not for a crowd, just for herself. That moment was almost like a ‘ping’ had been set off inside Yagano and as he gazed at her while she got lost in her own dancing and singing he couldn’t help but to recognize how amazingly unique Robin was.

This new awareness of Robin made Y intensely uncomfortable—at the same time that being around her made him feel a little more alive, a little more comfortable in his own skin, and much more sexually aware.

When Y looked over at Robin who was quiet wearing a pensive expression, he had to fight back his desire to grab her hand and reassure her.

“You okay?” He asked.

She looked at him and gave him a brief smile. “Yeah. Just thinking about everything.”

“I hope your thoughts are good ones. You have a very promising future.”

She leaned her head back against the seat and closed her eyes. “Things are moving fast.” He saw her twisting the diamond engagement ring on her finger. He sighed.

“Don’t rush into anything that doesn’t feel completely right. Give yourself time to consider your full feelings.” Y wasn’t sure if it was right for him to make that suggestion in light of the way he felt about her. But if her concerns were about marrying Jason then she definitely needed to think it through and make sure it was the best decision for her—and not just for Jason.

She turned to look at him. “I … I’m ready for the next phase of my life. It’s just that two months ago I was performing with my girls for weed money, hating men and studying for a career working with children with disabilities. Now I’m engaged, about to sign a recording contract, and on my way to a meeting to discuss singing in a popular anime show.” Her eyes had widened. “I’m scared.”

Y reached over and gripped her hand. “I know. But you have a lot of friends who have your back—including me. You won’t have to go through this alone.”

Yagano thought about his plans for the future of Akita Tom Productions and if he could convince the other shareholders then Robin, Wheels of Steel and any other artist that signed under their label would get one hell of a record deal. But regardless of anything else, Yagano intended to make sure that Robin would get the best deal that he could manage.





Jerry Flynn shook Robin’s hand and then Y’s. If he was surprised at the other man’s presence he didn’t show it.

“Robin, I’m so happy to see you again. Your performance at Akita Tom’s funeral was so touching. It truly moved me. Yours and Yagano’s choice of songs was perfect.”

“Thank you, Jerry.” She replied, sitting when Y held out her chair for her. She gave him a grateful smile.

Jerry looked at Y. “So I hear congratulations are in order for you, Yagano. You’re a newly wed and now you are the owner of a gorgeous piece of property.”

“Yes. I’m humbled by Akita’s kindness.”

“He will be missed,” Jerry said. “But through our endeavors his influence will live on.”

“That is the plan.” Y said.

They talked casually while their lunch was being prepared and Robin began to feel at ease. Y was there and it was like her big brother was at her back. Although Robin was an only child, something Y had said really struck home to her. Blood relationships weren’t everything. The family you chose to surround yourself with was every bit as important. In Wheels of Steel, and now Yagano Kurahara Robin had gained more than just friends but a real family.

Robin’s meal of good old-fashioned steak and baked potato arrived. She enjoyed rice on occasion but not the way she had been eating it since arriving in Japan. She had to admit that she missed Cincinnati chili and hot metts and fish from Alabama’s fish bar. But it wasn’t just the food, she also missed being home and the familiar sites.

Robin noted that Y had a delicious looking fish dish—with a bowl of rice, of course, and some odd but tasty looking stewed vegetables. Jerry was eating pasta and raving about it. He finally got down to business and laid out his plans for Robin and the show.

“There are some very good session musicians used by other shows. But The Bushido Code prides itself on utilizing not only well-known hip hop and contemporary artists but also up and coming musicians.

“One thing we have not had is an actual singer. The music of the Bushido code is about the beats and the vibe and the hip-hop culture laced with Japanese influences. Even though it takes place in the Edo period the cast is a multi ethnic ensemble. As you know it’s about a group of young samurai’s in training, traveling Japan and living by the bushido—which is the code of the Samurai. It is an adult animation with plenty of blood, fighting and language although we don’t consider ourselves hardcore on the adult themes.

“Robin, we would like to offer you a re-occurring role in the show doing the voice over for a new character named Enya. She is black, a young adult like the others and she would be a love interest for Kao.”

Robin’s heart very nearly stopped beating. She snapped her mouth closed as she listened to Jerry. Robin had come here thinking they wanted her to sing but they actually wanted her to be in the show…

She was going to black out. She was going to black out like back in the day when she would feel overwhelmed. The world began to close in until she knew it would be just a pinprick of awareness. But in that second Robin did something that she had always advised Jason to do.

Breathe.

And suddenly the heat and sweat that was beginning to pop up along her body receded as she relaxed. She inhaled calmly and the buzzing in her ears drifted away allowing her to continue listening to Jerry’s offer.

“Enya has mystical powers. There is a death song that she can sing and we would like you to record that song. It would be a rare and beautiful song that would only play when Enya feels that she or the group is threatened.”

Robin tried to control her excitement. She wanted to just scream yes, I’ll take it. Actually she just wanted to scream. Instead she heard a calm voice coming from her mouth.

“That sounds very interesting Jerry. Jason, my fiancé introduced me to the show and we’ve watched every episode. There are revolving characters as well as a core group. How do you propose Enya’s character?”

“We’ll start Enya out as one of the revolving characters with an option to become a full member of the guild.”

Robin’s eyes shifted to Yagano who had remained quietly listening. He blinked slowly and she thought the gesture meant that she should continue to remain calm and to ask questions. His calm quiet reinforced her own sense of courage.

“Jerry, who would perform the music for Enya’s death song?”

Jerry seemed to hide a smile. “We think there are a number of artists that would compliment your voice, but you’ve worked with a group that we’ve recently had some interest in. Wheels of Steel.”

Robin almost squealed. She knew that together they could make one hell of a death song for Enya.

“But of course that is all contingent upon your interest in the offer.”

Robin nodded. “Yes, I understand.”

Jerry continued. “Enya’s power is in her voice so there will be several musical snippets that you would be required to perform. They represent certain powers that Enya possesses. If you feel comfortable recording with Wheels of Steel then we would obviously make them an offer as well.”

Robin smiled, unable to stop her show of pleasure. “It sounds like something I would like but um …” Was it proper to ask how much she was going to get paid?

Jerry smiled at her sudden loss of words. “We would be willing to offer you seventy-five thousand dollars for the first year with an option to negotiate the following years—in the event there are following years for Enya.”

Robin’s mouth went dry again. Seventy-five thousand dollars to do something she would have fun doing for free?! She was hard pressed not to grab Jerry’s hand and shake it right then and there.

Y finally broke his silence. “Do you have a formal offer that Robin can review?”

Jerry reached for his briefcase. “I certainly do. It doesn’t contain our discussion about Wheels of Steel but once we make an offer to them we can add that into any contract.”

He handed Robin a manila folder, which she promptly handed to Y who accepted it without opening it.

“Yagano is one of my agents,” Robin explained to Jerry.

“So you are going to sign with Akita Tom Productions?” Jerry asked.

Robin looked at Y. “As soon as the contract is complete.”





Robin was on the phone with Jason as soon as she and Y were back in the car. Jason went to get everyone to put on speakerphone and the yells and whoops and cheers were so loud that Robin and Y could barely hear themselves.

“Robin!” Peter yelled. “My dad looked at the contract and he said it was amazing. He said it was like Jason had hand written it for you—it has everything that you could want in it and more. My Dad said that if you don’t sign it you’re crazy!”

Robin looked at Y, her face spread wide with a smile. “I guess you guys got me.”

He nodded, pleased.

“I am like shaking.” Robin exclaimed once she was finally able to end the call.

Y loved seeing her this happy. “Seventy-five thousand is nothing. Negotiate it up to one hundred-fifty grand but don’t settle for anything less than one hundred thousand.”

Robin’s mouth dropped. “Y! I don’t want to ruin my chance by being too greedy-“

“Trust me,” he said while driving into the studio’s parking garage. “You’re going to have to fly out to Japan to do your voice over. That’s going to put your own life and work on hold. They are going to have to make doing that worth your while. I guarantee you that no one else involved in the show is getting low-balled like that. The Bushido Code brings in millions.” He glanced at her. “And once you’re involved it’s going to become even more popular.”

Robin nodded. “I know you’re not my agent-YET, but … do you think you can handle my negotiations?”

Y didn’t hesitate with his response. “Of course I will.”

Y parked and then walked to Robin’s side to let her out. She noticed that it was something he liked doing so she allowed it even though it would be much quicker if she just got out on her own. But there was something very nice about having someone there who cared enough to open your door and to offer you their hand just to make it that much easier for you.

He led her into the large skyscraper, his hand on the small of her back to guide her. Robin wasn’t used to that but it didn’t bother her, although it made her feel as if Y was subtly showing her that he had control of what she did as well as anything concerning her well being.

They boarded the elevator to the offices of Akita Tom Productions and Y led her to the front desk where a pretty woman greeted them, politely referring to Y as Mr. Kurahara and Robin as Miss Mathena. Robin was impressed that the receptionist knew who she was.

“I’m going to leave you in the hands of our receptionist.” Y placed his briefcase on the counter and handed Robin a copy of her contract. Then he spoke a few brief words to the receptionist in Japanese.

“The receptionist will give you some papers to fill out for employment purposes and then you can read over the contract. When I’m finished with the meeting you and I can go over it together and answer any questions you might have.” He smiled and it caused his chocolate eyes to actually twinkle.

“Maybe by the end of the day you’ll be the first artist signed by the newly organized Akita Tom Productions.” That is—as long as the rest of the board agreed with him and his new ideas. If not then there was no way that he would let the label get Robin. To allow that would mean that Riyu would get his hands on her. He vowed that he would not let Riyu hurt the careers of Robin or Wheels of Steel. This was the only way that he knew to keep Riyu out.

The elevator door opened and James stepped out. He took one look at Robin and Y and his color faded. He waved at them weakly and then rushed toward the double doors that led to the offices.

Robin thought that was odd. James was usually very talkative—annoyingly so. Maybe he’d gotten the message that his pushy ways had gotten on everyone’s nerves, or maybe he had been under the weather. He did look even more pale than usual. Robin looked at Y.

“Didn’t you think James looked a little sick? I hope he’s not coming down with something. Maybe he needs one of those face masks,” she said, referring to the number of surgical face masks she saw the Asian people wearing while out on the streets.

Y shrugged. “Maybe that’s why he hasn’t been around lately.” He changed the subject. “This shouldn’t take too terribly long. Wait for me here when you’re done, okay?”

“You got it.” Robin smiled.

Y headed for the office, anxious not just about his future but for those of his friends as well.

He was the last one to enter the boardroom and he was pleased to see that all of the shareholders were present including Hidalgo, Shim Shu, Aimi Haruto, James Edelson and last but not least Hideo Choi who had avoided meeting Yagano’s eyes and whose bandaged hand lay in his lap.





Robin finished filling out the human resources paperwork for her employment with Akita Tom Productions. The contract was a bit tougher. With her dyslexia the legal-ease was hard to put together. Sometimes when she looked at the words it seemed to say one thing but when she went over it again she would read a different meaning.

It was frustrating and she wished that Jason was here. She knew deep in her heart that Jason didn’t actually think she was stupid and he would help her to understand what all was written. However the main points were easy enough to understand.

The contract would give her the freedom to pursue other career paths including college and becoming a physical therapist. When it came to recording for others she would be required to get pre-approval from the label. The thing that she liked is that if they said no to a project then they would be required to pay her a portion of the loss wages.

There were other perks like what she and Y had talked about—agents and personal management along with free first class flights to and from Japan, and while in Japan free transportation, a daily per diem, security service and even a clothing allowance to be provided in the event that she was required by the label to appear in the public eye. She would even get to select her own stylist. The pages of perks went on and on. She just wanted Y to explain the royalties and what she would receive after the label took their cut.

No matter how good everything sounded, one thing stood out clearly. If she broke the terms of the contract forcing the label to release her then she would be responsible for any costs that they didn’t recoup from her recordings and performances.

It seemed to Robin that they had high hopes for her based on the perks they were offering. What if she didn’t do as well as they expected?

Her stomach began to twist into knots. It had been a while since she’d had to deal with her IBS but currently Robin’s stomach was churning. She darted off to the bathroom, grateful for the American style toilet. She chastised herself for allowing her emotions to get the better of herself.

Robin was unwilling to go down the road of allowing her emotions to dictate her health. Not only did she intend to be a success in her new career but also a healthy woman. And being healthy meant not taking risks with alcohol and drugs.

She’d come to a conclusion and it would be a hard one. After washing her hands Robin dug her phone out of her purse and she called Jason again. She was going to tell him that she was going to make some important changes in her life. She wanted a healthy future for both herself as well as for her eventual marriage to Jason. She was going to tell Jason that she was done with smoking marijuana.

She listened to the phone ringing on his end. She figured he was in the studio working and decided to just leave him a message about her decision. She had no doubt that it would make him happy. This is the way she wanted to start her future--as Mrs. Jason Hamilton, as a woman and not a girl that needed something other than the music to make her high. A smile tugged at her lips.

When the brief mechanical voice completed the instructions for leaving a voicemail Robin began to leave her message.

“Hi baby. Look I’ve been thinking about a lot of things and I’ve come to a decision. I really want to be healthy and I don’t want to go down the wrong track so-”

Robin covered the mouthpiece. There was a lot of commotion going on outside of the bathroom. She hadn’t seen enough people in the reception area to create that much of a disturbance. Besides her and the receptionist Robin had only seen a currier and two or three people hurrying about as if they worked there. She had tried to ignore the noise but the sounds of stern voices had escalated to yells and cries of alarm, which had raised her curiosity.

“…hold on a sec babe. There’s something going on …” Robin hurried to the bathroom door and opened it. What she saw caused her to pull the door quietly closed and to take a rapid step back. “Oh my God!” She whispered into the mouthpiece. “There are people here with guns!”

The front room was filled with armed men. About ten to fifteen of them were crowding the office space, some holding handguns, a few holding automatic weapons. They were all Asian and she had clearly seen that they all had their shirts opened to reveal colorful and intricate tattoos.

The Yakuza.

One man had forced the pretty receptionist to the floor by gunpoint. They were ushering people from offices to lie on the floor while others went about checking various rooms.

Robin quickly looked around, forgetting about the cellphone in her hand until she heard the voice mail message instruct her to press one to keep the message or to just hang up if she was finished.

The sound of footsteps outside of the bathroom door abruptly halted at the sound of the recorded voice coming from the cell phone. The door burst open and Robin yelped out fearfully.

A man with a heavily pocked marked face was standing in the doorway with a gun pointed in the air. His unbuttoned white shirt was tucked into his pants and his tattoos covered nearly every inch of his torso. His brow gathered and he angrily gestured with his gun for her to follow him.

Robin’s guts began to churn again, even though she had just left the toilet. Her legs felt as weak as noodles. She was afraid but she knew that she couldn’t let go of her cellphone and she couldn’t let the man know that she was holding it. So she quickly raised her hands above her and placed them behind her head, concealing the phone with her hands.

The man grabbed one of her arms roughly and she let out a squeak of fear, gripping the cell phone so that it didn’t fall to the floor. He dragged her out to the front room where three other people had been forced to lay face down on the floor.

Robin knew that the presence of the Yakuza was linked in some way to Y, but she didn’t see him or the people that he was supposed to be meeting with. She was pushed roughly to the floor with the others and Robin wasted no time following the unspoken command to lay face down.

There was more loud shouting and then a tall Asian man wearing a suit entered the room from one of the corridors. He was handsome and looked important by the way he carried himself. Robin could see that one of his eyes was black and his arm was in a cast.

It had to be Riyu, Y’s brother.





Chapter Twenty-one




Robin had no doubt for the reason for this visit. Y’s brother was paying him back for last night’s fight. Other people were being pushed into the room and some of these she recognized. An impatient gun-toting thug was pushing James and Hideo was stumbling along right beside him.

Robin then saw Hidalgo and his normally playful expression was now filled with fear. The shareholders were being led out of the boardroom by gunpoint and then Y appeared. But unlike the others two men were restraining him. Still he struggled and cursed them in Japanese. When he saw the people lying on the floor Y quickly scanned them until he located Robin. They locked eyes and then she blinked slowly.

Y frowned and then he understood.

Breathe.

It was the message he’d given her at the meeting with Jerry when she seemed about to unravel. And now she was telling him to calm down and to think before reacting.

When the armed men had crashed into the boardroom, Y’s first thought was not for his own safety but for the safety of the innocent. This fight was between him and Riyu and the other man was crazy to bring it to the studio—unless he intended to massacre everyone.

And then it made sense. Riyu wouldn’t dare kill him. He’d face the wrath of their father, but killing the others would just be chalked up to a robbery. Y could even now see the headlines—An armed robbery leaves several people dead at the Akita Tom Studios located in Tokyo’s Shin-gu building. This after the untimely death of studio head Akita Tom who died in an auto accident weeks earlier. The only survivor of the attack is Yagano Kurahara, who described the massacre as vicious...

It was the type of thing that happened all the time to punish those that tried to cut their ties to their gang. Only it mostly happened within the ex-members family.

He thought about Amberly. Had they done something to her?! And what about Robin who they would have passed in the front room to get to this office?! And that’s when Y went into action. Even while the other board members were still seated in shocked confusion, Y had jumped into action.

He caught the first armed assailant off-guard when he bounded to him and did a flying kick, which connected to the man’s stomach.

Yagano was no prized martial artist, but he did know how to defend himself—and if needed, how to kick ass.

The man who he had just kicked in the stomach, doubled over with a loud humph and the two men directly behind him jumped on Y. He fought valiantly but was no match for them once they had his arms.

Riyu was watching him from the doorway, his eyes narrowed. “Hold him!” When Yagano saw his father’s son the anger and rage welled up in him.

“You are a coward!” He spat.

Riyu smirked. “Shut up, idiot.”

“Yagano?!” Came Robert Chancellor’s voice from the conference phone. “What’s going on?”

Riyu reached over and ended the call. The other members were being led out of the office by gunpoint and Yagano was roughly lifted to his feet and half dragged out along with them.

“What are you doing bringing this fight between us to the studio?!” Yagano shouted in Japanese.

“You came to my home.” Riyu replied angrily. “And now I come to yours.”

“Riyu let these people go and you and I will handle this like men-“

“Shut up. We will handle this like Yakuza.” Riyu replied calmly.

They were now in the front room and Yagano could see that everyone present had been made to lay face down on the floor. Other than the shareholders there were only five people present and he saw that Robin was lying there watching him. Everyone else was whimpering and crying. But Robin wasn’t. She looked at him as if she knew that he would save them all. The trust in her eyes did something to him, brought him back around. And then she blinked once, very slowly and he read her message clearly. She was telling him to stay calm and to think. Think before reacting.

Y drew in a calming breath. He took note of the armed men. There were ten to twelve that he could see—which meant maybe five to ten more that he couldn’t see.

The board members were now on the floor along with the others. Y saw that Hideo was among those made to lie on the floor so perhaps he wasn’t part of this ambush—or perhaps he didn’t want Yagano to know that he was involved.

“It was a fair fight.” Yagano said calmly.

“You had a weapon, I didn’t. How is that fair?” Riyu replied while touching the cast on his arm.

“You had a gun,” Yagano said. “You could have shot me.”

Riyu’s brow gathered. “Not around my child. Not around my woman.”

“Is it revenge that you want then?” Yagano asked.

“I want this company. You’re going to make sure I get it or there won’t be anyone left to run it.”

“Do you think that I have that kind of power, Riyu? To give you an entire company?”

“Yes. Your uncle told me that you got the black woman and Wheels of Steel to sign the contract …” Riyu suddenly swung around. His eyes moved to Robin who was watching everything. He looked at Yagano. “Is that her?”

Y didn’t have to speak, the look on his face was all the answer Riyu needed. The taller gang leader stepped carefully past the prone figures until he reached Robin. He offered her his hand.

“Rise.” He said in English.

Robin hesitated for only a moment and then she accepted his hand, making sure that the other concealed her phone. Thankfully she had opted for an iPhone instead of the Samsung with its humongous screen.

Riyu gently took hold of Robin’s hand and led her to the elevator.

“Riyu?!” Y called. “What are you doing?!”

“Finish this.” Riyu said. The two gangsters holding Yagano dragged him toward the elevator, which was guarded by two armed men. They entered along with Riyu who was still holding Robin’s hand and Yagano who was being restrained by the two Yakuza.

Robin and Y could see that the other armed men had fallen upon the people lying on the floor before the elevator doors closed cutting off their fearful cries and screams.





Peter looked at Jason. Jason was a quiet dude, and when they were working with music he was even more absorbed, but for most of the day he wore a sour look on his face. With all of the great things happening to them Peter couldn’t figure out what had Jason in such a bad mood.

Peter sat back in his chair, removing his hands from the controls that they had been tirelessly using to mix the music of the album. It took a minute but Jason finally looked up and at Peter.

His frown deepened. “What?” Jason asked.

“You tell me?” Peter replied.

Jason just blinked and shrugged. “Nothing-“

“Dude, you’re mixing music for an album that’s got to be the biggest thing to hit Japan in years. You’re negotiating a label deal with a studio created by one of your favorite music artists, you were just given your own record store, you asked a beautiful woman to marry you and she accepted—and said beautiful girl just got us a part playing music in our favorite anime show. So what in the FUCK do you have to be sour about?!”

Jason blinked and a half smile crossed his lips. He removed his headphones and his expression became thoughtful.

“It’s nothing, really. Robin and I were talking this morning. I wanted to go with her to discuss the contract with the guy from the show but she wanted to do it on her own.” Jason rubbed the stubble on his chin and sighed. “Before she left we got into this argument.”

“Uh oh …” Peter said.

“Well,” Jason frowned, “I said something I shouldn’t have said and it’s eating at me. But even though I shouldn’t have said what I did, I really don’t feel like I’m completely wrong about how I feel.”

Peter inhaled. “Maybe this is something you might not want to discuss with me. Maybe Belinda is better for this conversation-“

Jason’s eyes cut to his friend. Guys didn’t talk about feelings because you manned up and owned your actions. But this is something that he needed to talk to Peter about because part of it had to do with him and his relationship with Belinda.

“Look, Robin smokes pot,” Jason stated. “Not a lot but I don’t like the way she acts after she smokes it.”

Peter nodded, relaxing now that he realized that their conversation wasn’t so much about feelings as it was about reactions.

“Yes, I know you two have been having that conversation lately.” Peter stated. His expression became thoughtful. “B does it too. I didn’t use to mind it but …” he sighed. “It seems like she’s doing it a lot more—and drinking.”

Jason had noticed the same thing about Belinda. It had concerned him but he didn’t want to over-step his bounds by bringing it up to either of them. He was just happy to know that Peter was uncomfortable with it as well.

“This morning I asked Robin to move in with me once we got back to the States.”

Peter nodded.

“She told me that the only thing holding her back from it is my dislike of her pot smoking. She basically said that she was a grown ass woman who would make the decision on whether or not she stopped smoking dope.” Jason bobbed his head in the sassy way that a black woman would while he mimicked Robin.

“Is that when you said something you shouldn’t have said?”

Jason nodded. “I told her smoking pot was stupid.”

Peter looked up to the ceiling as he thought about that. “What’s wrong with that?”

“I used the word ‘stupid’. And Robin is very sensitive about the whole use of stupid. It’s like using the N-word or calling someone retarded or gay.”

“Well it’s insulting,” Peter agreed.

“Yes, but I didn’t call her stupid.” Jason paused and then he sighed. “But I actually did.” He looked at his friend in embarrassment. “I meant for her to take it as if I was calling her stupid. I know it was wrong but I really wanted her to understand how she makes bad decisions when she’s under the influence of pot. It makes her look bad. She doesn’t look cool. She-”

“Jason why do you feel as if you have to insult Robin?” Peter interrupted. “She is a grown-ass woman and recreational pot will be legalized everywhere. So it won’t even be illegal to use. Look the marijuana isn’t really the issue here. It’s your controlling attitude.”

Jason rubbed his hands through his hair and sulked in his stool. “I know, man. I know. That’s why I’m all ate up about it.”

“Look, I know that you love Robin but in some ways you’re also a little obsessed. You don’t have to own her-“

Jason flashed his friend a look of surprise. “What? You think I’m obsessed?”

“A little. You freaked out when you two were apart. And now that you’re back together you think that if you just talk to her about things she’ll dump you. That night at Hidalgo’s party she was basically masturbating on the dance floor. I know you didn’t say anything about it to her. I know you didn’t. And you were pissed.”

Jason had to agree with that.

“You’re letting that shit build up. Top, you two have to keep the lines of communication open.”

Jason stared at Peter. “Have you talked to Belinda about your concerns—you know about the drinking and drug use?”

“Oh, we had a pretty long discussion the morning after the party.” Peter’s lips turned downward. “But we will be having a long discussion about it. I’m waiting until we get back to the States.

“My baby has been through a lot this year,” Peter said, his voice going quiet. “She’s had a hard life, Jason--like the type of life that you read about in the newspaper when someone gets sent to jail for child abuse. I wish that I could kill that bitch that raised her. She doesn’t deserve to continue to take a breath. But B still cares about her. I don’t understand that. Maybe that’s why she drinks and does so many drugs.

“But I’m worried about her. I don’t want to lose her—and not the way you’re worrying about losing Robin—but permanently.”

Jason nodded. Their discussion had given him a lot to think about. He was controlling but he was also too passive when it came to speaking his truth. He had to speak his truth and allow Robin to speak hers and then they had to deal with it. It’s what couples had to do.

“When she gets back home I’ll apologize and this time I won’t negate it by telling her how what she does impacts me. I was an idiot for what I said and I have to let her know that I realize it.”

“Good,” Peter said. “But then you have to have that talk with her, Jason. Otherwise you guys will never move ahead.”

Jason looked down at his hands and nodded. “And you do too, because B is my friend regardless of you two being a couple. And if you don’t have the conversation with her, I will.”

“Understood.” Peter sighed. “I think we can use a break. Let’s get the girls and go to Tokyo to celebrate Robins news.”

Jason perked. “Good idea. Tell the girls while I call Robin.” Jason reached into his pants pocket for his phone but saw it sitting on the console. He reached for it noting that Robin had already left him a voice message. He played it back as he turned off the controls and powered down the system.

He paused when she said hold on because there was something going on. And then he heard her frantic whisper that there were men with guns. Jason gripped the console for support. The phone went dead then and Jason quickly redialed her number. There was no answer.

“Robin!” He yelled. “Call me back. Are you okay, baby?! Call me!” He hung up the phone and re-dialed with the same result, it went directly to her voicemail.

“Peter!” Jason screamed as he hurried into the main house, his cane hitting the bamboo floor with loud thunking sounds.

Peter appeared from the office with Amberly and Belinda at his side, his face etched in concern at the look on Jason’s face.

“Amberly,” Jason shouted. “Call Y. Robin just left me a message saying that there were armed men in the studio and then the phone went dead. Now I can’t get her to answer.”

“Oh my God!” Amberly cried as she hurried back to the office for her cellphone. She was dialing when she returned to the main room.

“Yagano! Answer the phone! Are you okay?!” Amberly looked at the phone and then at Jason. “It went to voicemail.”

“Call the police!” Peter yelled.

Amberly stared at her phone and then she looked at Jason. “Robin said men with guns? Did she say anything about tattoos?”

“What? No just men with guns!” Jason yelled while running his hands through his unruly hair. Why was she asking questions instead of calling the police?!

“I know who to call,” Amberly said in a shaky voice. She rushed back into the office and pulled open the desk drawers until she found Y’s address book.

Her hand brushed a crumpled white handkerchief and when she pushed it aside a fingertip rolled across the bottom of the drawer.

Amberly screamed and covered her mouth and the others rushed to see what she was looking at.

“What the fuck is that?” Peter frowned.

Belinda’s face was twisted in disgust. “It’s the tip of a finger.” She looked around at the faces of the others. “Y is part of the Yakuza,” Belinda said softly.

“The Yakuza?” Jason said his brow gathered.

Amberly tentatively reached for the address book, which set next to the atrophying digit, leafing through it until she found what she was looking for. Quickly she dialed the number to the man that she feared and loathed more than anyone else.

“Hello,” she said anxiously. “Is this Yagano’s uncle?”





Chapter Twenty-two




Robin and Y were led to the attached parking garage. While in the elevator she had placed the hand not being held by Riyu into her pocket where she slipped her cellphone, hoping against hope that he wouldn’t see what she was doing.

The weapons carried by the Yakuza were discreetly hidden while they made their way through the parking lot. It was empty which Robin wasn’t sure was a good or bad thing since the two thugs were still holding Y firmly in their grip. If anyone witnessed it they might get hurt.

Riyu, on the other hand, had been nothing but polite to Robin although he didn’t release the light hold that he had on her hand.

“Miss Mathena, after you.” Riyu said when he led her to the back seat of the limo opposite Yagano and the two men sitting beside him with guns pointed into his sides.

Y looked at her and then at Riyu. “Let her go. It won’t do you any good to bring her.”

“I can’t let her go. Do you want her to return to that room with the others?” Riyu asked. “She has to come—otherwise, how can I keep her from harm.” Riyu looked at Robin who was visibly shaking. “I want no harm to befall you, my dear.” He said politely. “After all, you’re one of the stars of our label.”

Robin looked at Y in confusion. Did he say our? Was this crazy man involved in Akita Tom Productions and is this the reason the two had had such a violent conversation?

“Please, let me go.” She said in a pleading voice.

Riyu’s eyes flashed darkly at her. “Now hush, you.”

“Robin,” Y warned, “Don’t say anything.”

Yes, she thought. She would just make things worse.

“What do you expect to gain by kidnapping me and Robin?” Y directed at his father’s son.

“Yagano, when you turned your back on the Yakuza you made the worst mistake of your life. And now it’s time that you pay what you owe.”

Yagano’s nose flared. “You know nothing-“

“I know that your uncle kept you safe and untouched for years. And then you disrespect him.”

Yagano’s head began to spin. “So he sends you here to take out his wrath on me?”

Riyu smirked. “I’ll be damned if you’ll be more of a success than me. I run an entire gang! You’ve been seen in the papers and magazines as if you think you’re a celebrity! I know Akita Tom left you shares of his stock and that you think you’re going to cut out the Yakuza of its rightful share. Well your stock is going to join with the rest of it that the Yakuza purchased in your name and the profits are coming directly to us—through me this time!”

Yagano smiled but said nothing.

Riyu hesitated. “What do you have to smile about?”

Yagano looked out the window. “Why do you think I called a meeting of the board, Riyu?”

Riyu watched the younger man. “What are you talking about?”

Yagano looked at his brother. “As of about two hours ago I no longer own any shares in Akita Tom Productions.”

“What--?” Riyu stammered.

“I gave them up. Call Hideo, your little bitch if you don’t believe me.”

Riyu’s throat began to work. “That stock belonged to the Yakuza! It was our money that paid for it-“

“And you have long since recouped the price for it!”

Riyu lunged for Yagano, his hands going around the younger man’s throat. “You lie!” He screeched. Yagano brought his hands together beneath them and then thrust upward roughly, dislodging Riyu’s grip on his neck. The armed gangsters didn’t seem to know what to do. One tried to restrain Y but he was now out of his seat and throwing punches at his brother’s face.

Robin crouched against the door. She tried to open it even though the car was moving at a good speed, but it was locked.

Riyu suddenly kneed Yagano in the stomach and his men were able to finally restrain him once the breath was knocked out of him.

“Y!” Robin cried out when he choked and his eyes rolled up to the top of his head. He suddenly gasped and dragged in a ragged breath. But then Riyu crouched over him and began to beat him with his good fist, slamming it into the half unconscious man’s face.

Once Yagano stopped struggling Riyu finally stopped hitting the semi-conscious man. By that time Robin was cowering on the floor of the limo with her face covered and crying.

That man was going to beat Yagano to death! How could anyone withstand such a beating? Y’s face was bruised and bleeding and Robin wanted to try to grab for the gun that was in Riyu’s holster. But she had never touched a gun in her life. She knew nothing about firing it or determining whether the safety was on, and if she made a grab for the gun and was unsuccessful she would just seal her own fate.

And then she felt a soft vibration from her pants pocket. With excitement she considered how she could answer the phone. But then once they heard whoever was calling her on the other end it would only make things worse. As of yet, no one had pistol-whipped her and answering her cell phone in the middle of a kidnapping was a sure fire way to cause that to happen.

Worried that the faint sound of the vibration might clue someone in Robin pressed her thigh against the carpeted base of the seat. Finally the vibration ended only to begin again. She knew that it was Jason calling her. He had gotten her message and he was probably freaking out. But God, he needed to stop calling …

Riyu hit Yagano a few more times, mostly in the stomach and Robin was disgusted to realize that the only thing that prevented them from hearing the vibration of her cellphone was the muffled punches that Riyu was delivering to Yagano.

By the time the limo stopped, Riyu was cleaning the blood from his knuckles with a handkerchief. The phone hadn’t rang again and Robin had never been more thankful of anything because Riyu then turned to her.

He gazed down at the nearly hysterical Robin. “There there, young one. I didn’t hurt him too bad. See,” Riyu jerked back Yagano’s head by his hair. Robin looked at the bloody face but saw that Yagano’s eyes were partly opened and he was breathing. His eyes cleared enough to see Robin and his mouth tried to form a word. After several attempts he whispered.

“Breathe.”

Robin nodded her head and tried to push back her terrified tears. She had to stay calm so that she could help Yagano, because this was not the end of what Riyu had in store for him. This she knew without a doubt.

The door of the limo opened and the driver hefted Robin to her feet.

“Careful.” Riyu said to the man. He offered his hand to her once he stepped out of the vehicle, and although the sight of his bruised and bloodstained fists scared her she didn’t dare reject his offered hand.

Robin saw that they were in a secluded part of the Tokyo waterfront. It was crowded with debris and construction material. Old barges set docked so close together that an expert navigator would have had to land them.

Crowded nearly on top of each other were brick warehouses. Some were large buildings two or three stories high while others were just one story structures. She couldn’t read the signs, which indicated the purpose of the buildings but they were either being used as storage or factories.

Riyu escorted her to one of the warehouses and the two men dragged Yagano behind them.

“It’s most unfortunate that you’ve had to witness this dirty side of our affairs.” Riyu stated. “But no one fractures my arm without paying retribution—and they don’t dare do it in my home--in front of my son.”

She could feel the anger wafting from him and she tried to think of something to say that could put a stop to this madness.

“Yagano told me that you two had the same father,” Robin stated tentatively.

“He did? Then you two must be very good friends.”

The limo driver opened the door to one of the warehouses and Riyu and Robin entered.

For some reason, being inside of this dirty place scared her more than at any other time. This place represented finality. She looked up at Riyu with pleading eyes.

“Yagano is my friend,” she nodded. “Please don’t hurt him anymore. He did … what he did to you, and now you got him back. Please don’t hurt him anymore!” She spoke rapidly, realizing that Riyu hadn’t told her to shut up. “I’m no big star right now, but God willing I will be. And I’ll owe you a favor if you spare Yagano anymore pain.” Robin continued, tears streaming from her eyes.

Y lifted his head. “No … Robin, don’t promise him anything.” One of his captors slapped him roughly and Robin flinched.

Riyu regarded her with interest. “I don’t intend to kill my father’s bastard child. In fact, I’ll leave his fate up to him.” He turned to look at Yagano who was now on his knees glaring up him. His nose was bleeding and both eyes were nearly swollen closed.

“Your defiance has left you without the backing of the Yakuza.” Riyu said, finally releasing Robin’s hand so that he could stand in front of Yagano. “Taking your livelihood would have been the icing on the cake, but making sure you are punished for your insolence will have to do.” Riyu removed a switchblade from his pocket and Robin gasped.

“Please,” she begged. Riyu ignored her but one of the guards took her roughly by the arm and she closed her mouth before she really did get pistol-whipped.

Riyu released the blade with a loud click. He studied it closely as he resumed speaking.

“You can return to your prior position with the Yakuza—our dog to call, doing our bidding, and always at my mercy. And for the honor of remaining in that position you will give me the first knuckle of your pinky finger. Of course you will do this willingly—and then all will be forgiven between us.”

Robin’s eyes had grown large. No. No …

Riyu began to circle Yagano, who only continued to glare at the man, still not showing fear or begging for mercy.

“If you refuse yubitsume then I will take that to mean that you no longer wish to be part of the family.” Riyu walked over to a large metal canister and withdrew a poker. The tip was in the shape of a flat disc—a red hot disc.

“In which case the mon will have to be removed. No traitor can bear the crest of the inagawa-kai on their body.”

Oh my God, Robin thought. This man was insane. This couldn’t be happening in front of her!

Yagano knew that the fight was out of him. He could barely keep his swollen eyes open. He could give his fingertip but he didn’t think that Riyu would still not do what he really wanted—which was to take his pound of flesh.

“What will it be Yagano?” Riyu asked in a mocking tone.

“If it’s revenge that you want, then you will have to take it. I’ll give you nothing.”

“Then I think you’ve made your choice.” This time three of the men roughly grabbed Yagano. One held his un-tatted arm while it took two to hold out the one with the tattoo sleeve.

Robin watched in horror as Riyu brought the hot poker to Yagano who struggled to get loose but was much to weak to be effective.

“Stop!” Robin screamed when Riyu brought the poker towards Yagano’s inner arm.

Yagano watched the glowing disc come closer to the inside of his wrist but no matter how much he tried to pull away he couldn’t, the hold on him was too firm. And then the disc was pressed to his skin. He heard it sizzle before he even felt the pain. But soon the pain was upon him.

Yagano grit his teeth in agony, foam forming at the corners of his mouth as he fought not to scream. Distantly he heard Robin’s screams and cries of protest and then it was more than he could take and gratefully his mind went black.

Riyu watched Yagano’s agonized struggles before he fell unconscious and the only regret he had is that he had not managed to make him scream. But that was the little bastard in a nutshell. He was stoic—even as a child. Riyu had done everything in his power to punish the bastard but Yagano always held an expression of supremacy—as if Riyu did not have the power to truly touch him. It had enraged Riyu and made him amplify his efforts to render a response from his father’s bastard.

“Let him go,” Riyu said calmly. The gangsters released Yagano and he fell to the hard cement floor completely out cold. Riyu studied the poker in satisfaction. It had picked up the outer layer of flesh from the bastard’s arm. He would no longer bear the crest of the Yakuza clan.

Robin was crying hysterically and Riyu gestured to her. “Let her go.” Robin went stumbling from the grasp of the man that held her and she rushed to Y, lifting his head from the ground and cradling it on her knees.

She gently stroked the side of his swollen face and his sweat and blood soaked hair as tears streamed down her cheeks. She looked at his arm and there was a brand now pressed to his wrist in the form of a perfect circle. The wound was sickening and just beginning to seep blood.

“Y, you’re okay now.” She turned him so that she could look into his face and then she cradled him in her arms as if he was a broken doll. He looked dead, and if his brother did anything more to him, he just might end up that way.

Riyu walked towards them and Robin stiffened, refusing to release Y. She was unsure of how she could protect him from further abuse but she couldn’t stand idly by while this sadist further tortured him.

Riyu crouched until he was just a foot from Robin. “You don’t know anything. You don’t know my name. You don’t know why you were brought here. The only thing you know is that I can find you whenever I want you.”

The polite demeanor he had worn when talking to her had disappeared. There was just coldness in the dark depths of his eyes. This man felt no remorse for his actions. Robin felt a cold fear settle into her very soul. And then she nodded her head in acknowledgement.

Riyu rose to his feet and that’s when the door to the warehouse bounded open and several men flowed into the room with weapons drawn and poised. Riyu’s men were shocked but didn’t dare go for their weapons as the heavily armed men outnumbered them two to one.

A man who was unarmed entered. He was older, handsome and carried himself with an air of importance. The man blanched at the sight of her and Yagano before he turned to regard Riyu with a look of pure rage.

The man barked out something in Japanese and Riyu pointed at Yagano, replying in rapid Japanese.

Robin didn’t know who the man was. All she could think is that if this was the cavalry, then they were a day late and a dollar short.

Yori Akhiro could only look on in disbelief at the carnage that was his nephew. He hurried to Yagano’s fallen body and grimaced at the sight of the beating he had received. And then Yori saw the raw wound on his wrist where the crest of their clan had once been etched by one of the finest artists known to the Yakuza.

He looked at Riyu in disgust. The man still held the offending weapon that had been used against Yagano as he stood there attempting to rationalize his actions.

“I told you to leave him alone!” Yori roared as he came to his feet.

Riyu lifted his broken arm. “I had every right! Look what he did to my arm! He broke into my-“

Yori snatched the poker from Riyu’s hand and he swung it hard against Riyu’s face burning him slightly with the tool, which was still very hot. Riyu grabbed his face in pained disbelief.

“You struck me … how dare yo-?”

Before he could complete the sentence Yori struck him again and this time Riyu hit the floor screeching in pain at the burns that now laced both of his cheeks along with the blunt trauma of the strikes.

“You disobeyed me!” Yori spoke. “You were a spoiled child and you grew into a terrible excuse for a man. You know nothing about what it means to be ninkyō dantai and your father allowed you to get away with it!”

Riyu looked at Yori with almost the same expression of disbelief that Robin and Riyu’s henchmen wore.

“Old man,” Riyu said in anger, “you have sealed your fate. My father will-“

Yori pulled out a switchblade and Riyu stopped talking. “I am your father’s right hand. He sends you this. You know what to do with it.”

Riyu looked at the switchblade in horror. “My father wouldn’t …”

“Your father expressly forbade you to harm your brother. And I negotiated with you a means for you to leave him alone forever. I knew it would be a high price for Yagano to pay, but the alternative would have been worse.”

Yori knew his nephew’s kind heart. Riyu was to send Yagano to oversee the illegal host and hostess bars where the children of their clients were sent to work off the debts that their families had failed to repay. These fetish bars dealt in full prostitution and to variant taste. No one liked admitting that this side of their organization existed but prostitution brought in the most money for the gangs—even more than drugs. So although no one wanted to manage the hostess bars, they were a necessary evil.

When Daisuke refused to intervene between his two sons that left it up to Yori to make sure that Yagano would not be further crushed by his father’s neglect. It was Yori that had always protected Yagano, even when his own father allowed Riyu to put him in harms way. The man’s guilt that his first-born son hated him caused him to lose the love of the son who wanted nothing more than to be fully accepted.

As a man with no children of his own, Yori basked in the role of Yagano’s surrogate father. So it would be over his dead body if he allowed Riyu and Daisuke to destroy the person that he had spent so much time carefully honing into a man.

Riyu looked at the switchblade held out by his father’s right hand man. His father believed in the ways of the Yakuza and this would be the ultimate punishment for his disobedience. He hadn’t killed the little fuck … and yet he had harmed him despite his father’s long standing orders.

Riyu looked at the henchmen in the room and knew that what happened now would dictate how others would come to view him in the future. He accepted the switchblade. One of Yori’s men came forward with a pristine white handkerchief, which he handed to Riyu.

Riyu grit his teeth although he made sure his face remained passive. He placed the white handkerchief on the dirty cement floor and then he rested his left hand on top of it.

So what if he would no longer be able to type the letter ‘A’, he thought. And then he stabbed the tip of the blade into the first knuckle of his pinky, quickly separating the joint before he swiftly made two rapid slices severing the digit.

He was able to hold back his tormented cries since the pain didn’t actually reach its epoch until after the deed. He quickly folded the bloody handkerchief over his digit and then he wiped the blade clean on it. His hand was screaming with pain but he kept his face calm.

He offered the blade to Yori with a polite head bow and then he offered the handkerchief, which was now covered in the blood that was seeping from the wound in his hand.

“Please accept my offering in the hopes that this forgives my misdeeds,” Riyu muttered, the pain of severing his digit causing sweat to run down his body in rivulets.

It wasn’t Yori that accepted the finger, but his next in command. The man then offered Riyu a second handkerchief, which he promptly wrapped around his finger and pressed protectively to his chest.

Yori spoke in a cold voice. “This is not mine to accept. This will go to Yagano.”

“What?!” Riyu roared. “No! NOOOO!” He screamed. Yori’s men physically escorted him from the warehouse. And then Yori turned to attend to his nephew. The American had gone pale at what she’d witnessed but at least she didn’t faint and scream. He rather liked her because of it—and because even now she was still holding Yagano protectively in her arms.

“Thank you for watching over my nephew,” Yori said to Robin in English. “We’re going to take you to the hospital now.” He lifted Yagano’s unconscious body from her grasp and then headed out the door. Robin wasted no time following.





Chapter Twenty-three




When Yagano opened his eyes, he jumped, ready to swing. But he was surprised to find himself in a clean, sterile environment.

Robin had been slumped in a nearby chair and she jumped, looking like she was ready to swing as well.

She hurried to his bed and Y realized that he was in a hospital room. The curtains around his bed were drawn, separating him from the beds of the other patients.

“You’re awake,” Robin said. She gripped his hand and when he looked down at their clutched hands he saw that his arm was bandaged nearly to his elbow. He also had an IV in the back of his other hand. He studied these things tiredly, feeling as if he was just swimming upward through a fog. And then he looked at her, his eyes scanning her form for injuries. She was a little dirty and her face was stained with tears but she didn’t appear any worse for wear.

“Robin.” He tried to sit up.

“No, lay down,” she said.

“Are you okay? They didn’t hurt you did they?” His eyes suddenly became alert. If Riyu had done anything to physically hurt Robin—he tried to sit up again but this time Robin placed a hand on his chest to settle him back down.

“I’m okay.”

“They didn’t hurt you?”

“No,” she said in a hollow voice. Y noted that her eyes were even more droopy then usual—she had what people would call, bedroom eyes. Normally they were alluring but right now they just looked tired.

“Robin, you’re exhausted,” he said.

She gave him a half smile. “They gave me something for my nerves.” She gave him a full smile then. “I’m just … you know ...”

“High?”

She shrugged and just continued to smile. Yagano frowned. The bed was small but he scooted over until he was pressed against the bars. “Come here and lay down.”

Robin chuckled but then saw the nice fluffy pillow and she kicked off her slippers—of course street shoes weren’t allowed inside—and then she climbed into the bed.

Yagano opened his arms and Robin lay down carefully against him and then Y closed his arms around her.

“I’ll just lay here for a minute until the others get here. I talked to Jason and they’re on their way here—but you know how long it takes to get to Tokyo.”

“I should call Amberly,” he said tiredly.

“Your phone is by the bed,” Robin yawned.

Y looked over at Robin snuggled in his arms. His brow drew together.

“I’m sorry that I put you in danger.”

Robin looked up at him, not seeming to be concerned with the close contact—in fact, craving it due to their shared near-death experience. Seeing Yagano alive and well solidified their connection, deepening the friendship that she already felt for him until it had now transcended into a bond that she could not quite understand. All she knew is that Yagano could have died and yet here he was worried about her.

“You didn’t do that, it was Riyu.”

Yagano was still frowning. “Did he bring us here?”

Robin shook her head, still looking up at him from where her head rested half on the pillow and half against his shoulder.

“No, your uncle came right after …” she glanced down at Y’s bandaged arm.

Y’s frown deepened. “My uncle? But how?”

Yagano’s uncle had talked to her during the car ride to the hospital. Robin recounted what Yori had told her. After Amberly had contacted him, he’d called the studio-“

“Wait! What happened to the people at the studio?!”

“They were robbed,” Robin explained. “Your uncle said it was in an attempt to camouflage the true purpose of the invasion. No one was hurt.”

Y closed his eyes in relief.

“Anyway, James explained that you and I had been taken. Well Jason knows I have locate my iPhone turned on to his computer. So he pulled it up. And your uncle knew where we were so he came and got us.”

Y shook his head in confusion. “Why would my uncle save me …?”

Robin’s brow lifted. “Why wouldn’t he? He picked you up and carried you out of that warehouse. And you should have seen what he did to your broth—to Riyu.”

Yagano met her eyes with interest. “What did he do?”

“He hit him across both cheeks with that hot poker. It messed up his face too. And then he—he,” Robin grimaced.

“What?”

Robin stared into his eyes, a haunted expression caught on her face. “He made Riyu cut off part of his pinky finger.”

Yagano seemed stunned. It didn’t make sense … could it be that he had misunderstood that his uncle and Riyu were not in league with each other.

“I need to speak to my uncle-“

Robin sighed. “He’s here at the hospital. He’s been on his cellphone since he brought us here. I’m sure he’ll be back up to check on you.”

“My uncle is here?”

“Why do you seem so surprised? That man obviously loves you. I don’t know all that he said to Riyu but he was furious.”

Yagano sighed, still confused but also too tired to work through it all right now.

“Did they give me a sedative too?” He yawned.

“You aren’t screaming in pain …” She looked down at his bandaged arm again. “What they did to your arm is pretty bad. The surgeon said that the burn was bad but could have been worse. They did a skin graft from your inner thigh. You should regain some sensation.”

Y reached beneath the covers and located a bandage on his inner thigh close to his testicles. He frowned with unease. Then he touched his face and found various bandages stuck to him. Robin watched him explore his injuries.

“You’ll still be handsome.” She suddenly covered her mouth. “Oh my God, I have no idea where that came from!”

Yagano just smiled. “Sleep, Robin. You’re tired.” He pulled her close again and she snuggled against him. He felt the lure of sleep begin to overtake him but before he went completely under he turned and regarded Robin in his arms and then he leaned over and pressed his lips to her forehead.





When Yori returned to the room a few moments later, he stopped at the curtain and gazed down at Yagano and Robin sleeping in each other’s arms. He wondered if this woman was his nephew’s mistress—and if not now how soon that would happen.

He knew that Yagano’s wife would soon arrive so he moved to the bed and gently lifted Robin from the bed. She was so tired that she barely stirred. He carried her to a spare bed and placed her there gently. The nurses had offered earlier but she had stubbornly declined the offer so that she could sit by Yagano’s side.

Yori had been grateful because it allowed him to make some calls and to handle some important business concerning Daisuke’s sons.

Yori returned to Yagano’s bedside and sat down in the chair next to the sleeping man. He reached out and brushed his hair from his face and then he examined the terrible damage that had been done. It would heal but it pained Yori to see it.

With a sigh he woke up his nephew. Yagano’s eyes flashed open and he looked alarmed until he met Yori’s eyes.

“Ojisan.” Yagano looked around. “Where is Robin?”

“She is sleeping in her own bed. It would not bode well for your wife to see you so intimately with another woman.”

Yagano’s mouth opened and then closed as he blushed. “It’s not that way. She-Robin is my friend-“

“I know,” Yori waved his hand dismissively. “Robin-san protected you even while Riyu stood over her threatening you. She is a good friend.”

Riyu stared at Yori. “Robin said that you rescued us. So you weren’t a part of orchestrating this?”

Hurt filled Yori’s eyes before he covered it. “You would ask me that after all that we have meant to each other?”

After a moment, Yagano lowered his eyes. “Forgive me Yori-oji-san. But …” he met his uncle’s eyes again. “I came to your house and heard you on the phone talking to Riyu. I heard you say that you would give him my position with the company.”

“You heard correctly.”

Yagano shook his head, a look of hurt and betrayal filled him. “But why would you do that? You know how important the studio is to me.”

“I did it to save you, Yagano. I did it because it was the one thing that Riyu would accept to forever leave you alone.”

Yagano shook his head angrily. “What? I don’t care about Riyu leaving me alone! I put my heart-“

“Listen,” Yori continued. “Riyu wanted to force you to work the illegal hostess dens. He has wanted that for years. And finally he wore your father down who said that he would not interfere in the matter between a gang leader and Yakuza work.

Yagano blinked, a deep frown settling across his face.

Yori continued. “To Daisuke-san no Yakuza business is beneath him or his sons. Just as he had Riyu do it, Riyu would now have you do it.”

Yagano looked at his uncle. His father had forced his own son into human trafficking?

“As you know my gangs have no dealings in forced prostitution. I abhor it, but it is an important part of the money that is made by our family. When I learned of Riyu’s plan I … I mistakenly offered him something that I should not have bartered. Your happiness and well-being is rooted deeply in Akita Tom Productions. And because of my actions you have not only lost it, but also your connection with the inagawa-kai.”

Yagano watched his uncle in thoughtful silence. “You bartered for my well-being when my father would not?”

Yori looked away. “Your father is a complex man. He is rooted in the old ways. He doesn’t do these things because he lacks affection for his sons, but because he thinks it will make you stronger men. But his attempts to try to appease Riyu has compromised his relationship with you.”

Y sighed. “I’m sorry, uncle. I’ve misunderstood everything and I’ve judged you unfairly.” He reached out and grasped his uncle’s forearm. “You are the only father I know.”

Yori swallowed back his emotion and grasped Yagano’s arm in return. “And you are my son in all ways but blood. I will always be your protector, even though my last breath.”

Yagano suddenly smiled. “But I didn’t lose the company.”

Yori frowned. “Did you not give up your shares of the company?”

“Yes,” Yagano stated. “But I placed them in a limited liability company along with the stock of the board members that attended the meeting that Riyu interrupted. Akita had left a million and a half American dollars to run the company and we used a portion of that to purchase enough stock so that the new LLC owns the majority of the label. FOAT LLC—Friends of Akita Tom LLC, now runs the company. The Yakuza will never see another dime from Akita Tom Productions, and we can now offer the best deal to our newly signed artist.”

Yori was scratching his chin but he couldn’t hide his smile. “I do not know how your father will accept this news but I am very pleased.”

Yagano’s smile faded. “You are the only father that I now care about.”





Amberly rushed into the room and Yagano looked up from his conversation with his uncle. She flung herself into his arms, and with a happy oomph he accepted her hug.

“Oh no Yagano! Oh my God, look at your face!” She cried while he hugged and caressed her.

“I’m okay honey. I look worse than I feel.” Although he was sure that was because of the heavy sedatives. When they wore off he realized that he would truly feel the effects of todays events.

Jason appeared in the doorway and he looked around frantically. “Where is Robin?!”

Yori rose. “I’ll take you to her. She’s sleeping.” He guided Jason down the aisle of beds and pulled back a curtain to where Robin was curled in a fetal position and sleeping deeply. Jason sighed in relief and then bent down and kissed her forehead.

When Robin felt the soft curls from Jason’s head tickling her cheek she smiled in her sleep and then reached up to clutch his head and bring his face down for a kiss.

He kissed her repeatedly, deeply and then he stroked her face and examined her for injury.

“You didn’t get hurt did you?” He asked.

She sat up, still hugging him. “I’m fine.”

He cradled her face, fear still plain on his face. “What the fuck, babe? What happened? Why did you get kidnapped by the Yakuza?”

Robin suddenly recalled the vision of Riyu crouched down before her. You don’t know anything. You don’t know my name. You don’t know why you were brought here. The only thing you know is that I can find you whenever I want you …

“I don’t know, baby,” she whispered as she buried her face against Jason’s neck.





Chapter Twenty-four




“You’re not signing that contract with that Yakuza bastard!” Jason yelled.

“Shh!” Robin said. They were in the bedroom back at the house. Robin had been released from the hospital with a clean bill of health but Yagano would need a few more days there to monitor his skin graft.

“Fuck that!” Jason exclaimed while throwing clothes into his suitcase. “We’re getting the fuck up out of Japan and away from this bullshit!”

He had been in a rage since the hospital and the long drive back to the house had only caused him to stew in his anger. Amberly had stayed at the hospital with Y—which was probably a good thing.

Upon learning that Amberly had knowingly married into a crime family Jason and Peter had been disappointed and angry. Jason quietly placed the blame squarely on Amberly’s shoulders. How could she have kept something like this from them? But in an attempt to defend Amberly’s actions Belinda revealed that she and Robin had been aware of Yagano’s connection with the Yakuza and tried to assure everyone that he wasn’t a member. This only meant that he was angrier that Robin, Belinda and Amberly had withheld something so important.

Whether or not Y was a true member of the Yakuza meant nothing to Jason. His connection to a dangerous mob had placed Robin in danger. He also didn’t buy that the attack at the studio had been just a random robbery attempt. Y had a fucking finger in his desk and Jason knew that it wasn’t the property of Akita’s. A fucking finger!

“Jason,” Robin said while clutching his hands in an attempt at stopping him from wrecking the bedroom. “None of this was Y’s fault. It was just a robbery-“

“But you were kidnapped-“

“That’s not Y’s fault,” she averted her eyes from his, “those men snatched us because he refused to give them the money they demanded-“ she lied.

“Why didn’t he give it to them?!” Jason demanded, his face red to the point that his freckles looked like they were on fire.

“He told the police that he didn’t have the new combination but they didn’t believe him. None of this is Y’s fault.”

“Yeah, well he has a finger in his desk drawer.”

Robin grimaced, wondering whose finger it was. “Well that doesn’t mean it has anything to do with Y …”

Jason gave her a long look. “Do you think Amberly’s been collecting fingertips?”

“JASON!” She finally screamed. “I don’t know where the finger came from, I don’t know why I was kidnapped! I don’t know if Amberly has anything to do with anything—“ she began to sob hysterically, “I don’t know! I don’t know anything-!”

Jason grabbed her and pulled her against him. “Shhh, baby, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.” He blew out a frightened breath. “I’m so sorry, okay …?” Robin shook as she sobbed against him.

Peter rolled his wheelchair away from Jason and Robin’s closed door.

“I think they’ll be alright,” he said to Belinda who was standing with her hands pressed against her mouth. Tears had wet her eyes. She was afraid, afraid for the first time in a long time.

She nodded quickly.

He held out his hand for her, “Come here, B.” She came to him and sat in his lap where she then placed her head in the crook of his neck.

“They’re okay. We’re all okay …” he murmured.





Dinner that night was quiet. Robin was sitting with her arms wrapped around herself, only periodically picking at her meal. Jason had yet to take one bite of the rice and leftover pork and vegetables.

“They burned his crest off of his wrist,” Robin finally muttered while staring listlessly at the table. Everyone looked at her. “The crest that represents the triad that he’s connected to.”

Robin took a deep breath. “There’s this man. His name is Riyu,” she began to shake as she told every bit of the story that she knew. At some point during the story Jason took her hand and held it firmly. Peter took her other hand and Belinda lightly rubbed her arm.

“So … that’s why we were snatched. It wasn’t anything to do with a robbery. It was just to get Yagano’s sokaiya.” Robin had remembered that word—such a pretty word for extortion.

“The reason that Amberly married Y is because she knew that he’s a good person that’s connected to a bunch of bad people. Akita Tom was the one being extortioned and even he left Y in his will—gave him part of his stock AND his house. So …what does that tell you?”

Robin looked at each of them. “When we were in the car he told Riyu that he got rid of his stock—he did it so that Riyu couldn’t get it. And that’s why Y got beaten. Whatever happened today it was because Y was trying to protect the studio from Riyu and the Yakuza. So I can’t tell you what to do, but I’m going to sign with the label—as long as they can assure me that Y will remain as part of the company.”

Jason gave her a sharp look.

Robin continued. “I know that as long as he’s involved in Akita Tom Productions he will fight for the label and fight for us.”

Jason looked away and then nodded. “I want to talk to James and Hideo about it.”

Both James and Hideo arrived at the house the next morning with the contracts.

Jason looked at them both in concern. “Are you two sure you’re ready to get back to work?” They looked a little rough around the edges. Hideo had two black eyes and James had bruises on his face.

Thank God the Yakuza hadn’t man-handled Robin like that, Jason thought.

James smiled in embarrassment. “Can’t let a little thing like that stop progression.” Everyone was in the office gathered around the conference table including Belinda who listened in excitement. Amberly was still at the hospital with her husband.

Hideo passed out copies of the contract for them to go over. He explained that every detail and stated that each condition that Peter’s father had negotiated had been accepted.

“What about Yagano?” Robin asked.

Hideo blanched and then quickly coughed. “Yagano?”

“Yes, he gave up his stock. Is he still involved with the label?”

Hideo looked at James whose cheeks reddened.

James replied, “Yagano is still involved with the label. In fact, we all gave up our shares in the company. Yagano’s idea was to start a limited liability company to hold the stock and that each of us shareholders would be equal partners.”

Hideo’s straightened his tie and stammered. “I faxed the paper work to be filed during our meeting. Yagano insisted …”

Robin smiled. “So nothing in this contract changes and Y is still with the label?”

James wiped sweat from his forehead but he smiled. “Of course my dear. Yagano will be in charge of many aspects of Akita Tom Productions.” Robin looked at Hideo who nodded quickly.

Robin smiled. “Then hand me the ink pen. I’m signing.”

Peter and Jason signed their contracts and then after congratulations James and Hideo left.

Belinda closed the door after them and then turned to face her friends, the broad smile no longer on her face. No one spoke for a long time, but each of them had the same expression. Finally Robin broke the silence.

“Did y’all notice that Hideo is missing the tip of his pinky finger?”





When Yagano opened his eyes Amberly was staring at him. She gave him a soft smile that seemed slightly sad.

“Is the pain any better?” She asked.

Last night they had given him more painkillers because his burn had began to hurt. The doctor said that it was a good sign. It meant that the nerve damage would be minimal. Instead of being pleased about the news Yagano had cursed that he didn’t give a damn if he had feeling in his goddamned wrist!

“Still hurts,” he grumbled and sat up. She passed him water and he took a sip and then passed it back to her.

“Did you stay here all night?” He asked with a frown.

“No, I got a room at the hotel across the street.”

“Okay.”

She studied him silently and he sighed, knowing that he couldn’t put off the inevitable forever.

“Are you ready to talk about what happened?” She asked.

“It’s no big secret. What do you want to know?” He asked.

“Everything. I want to know what you do for … them. I want to know why I had to call your uncle to rescue you. And … I want to know whose finger I found in your desk drawer.”

Y’s jaw flinched. Damn, he had meant to get rid of that thing but things had become hectic … so she had found it. Yagano studied her to see if she was disgusted, but the only expression she wore was that of disappointment.

Well, she was his partner and if anyone deserved the truth then she did. Y began at the beginning, filling in the bits that he had left out when he’d first met her. He told her about the racketeering, drug trafficking, weapons, illegal banks and before he was finished tears were rolling down her cheeks.

“Don’t cry, Amberly, please-”

“Keep going,” she interrupted. He looked at her sad face and then sighed and continued. He told her of the crimes that he had committed. He could have lied but there was already too many lies between them. If she left him because of this then it was unmei … fate.

After he finished with that he explained about his life in the Yakuza—forced to do the jobs that others didn’t want. He even explained about the fingertips—although he did not expressly explain whose fingertip she had discovered in his desk drawer.

“Why to our house? Why did you have it in your possession?” She asked saying the word ‘it’ as if the use of it sullied her.

“It has to be delivered to the appropriate person. I make those deliveries.”

Amberly made a gagging sound. “You mean … those envelopes you get in the mail-“

“No. They are hand delivered.”

“By Quan? Sweet little Quan?” Quan was their driver as well as Yagano’s Yakuza contact. “Well I want him fired!” She demanded. “I don’t want him around the house.”

Y gave her a hopeful look. Did that mean that she didn’t intend to leave him? “Whatever you want, Amberly.”

She sighed. “I want you to end your ties with the Yakuza, Yagano. I mean completely. No more jobs, no more secret phone calls and secret meetings.”

Yagano’s lips formed a straight line. “My association with the Yakuza ended when my crest was burned from my flesh.”

Amberly closed her eyes and took a deep breath as if settling her nerves. “I’m sorry they took it off … but I’m happy it’s gone.” She opened her eyes and gave him a pointed look. “I don’t want to be married to someone involved with organized crime.”

After a moment Y nodded his head. “Understood.” She stared at him and then Y lifted his arm and beckoned her to him. She stood up in a rush and hurried into his arms where she buried her face against his neck and let loose a fountain of pent up emotions in the form of tears.

“I love you,” she cried. “I love you so much …”

Yagano stroked her hair and kissed her tears. “I love you too.”





Epilogue




The party hosted by Akita Tom Productions marked several great beginnings. It marked the release of the Akita Tom tribute album, the signing of the label’s two new artists Sweetheart and Wheels of Steel, and it marked their departure back to the states.

The star-studded event included musicians and movie stars from all over the world. The venue was top notch and the videos created by Amberly and Belinda were broadcast across large screens scattered throughout each room of the party. The first single, No new to be high was already getting rave reviews and expected to hit the top one hundred chart in Jazz and New Age. It was already number one on the Japanese charts.

Internet radio was leaking the cuts and there were already other tribute albums popping up trying to cash in on Akita’s fame. Everyone wanted some connection to the sound. People were throwing offers left and right for Sweetheart to sing with them or for Wheels of Steel to produce a song or provide the music for their project. And in the meantime their label was cleaning up on the action—even without Akita’s unreleased music.

Hidalgo had even agreed that once he released the music that he and Akita had created, he would do it through Akita Tom Productions instead of his own label.

If there were any hard feelings between anyone it was impossible to tell that night of the big party. Hidalgo did shots with Hideo and James sang along drunkenly to Yagano’s piano playing. Robin took the stage and sang Gives You Hell by the All-American Rejects with Amberly and Belinda singing back-up.

This time the images uploaded via YouTube were just of people singing, dancing and having fun.

The next day Yagano drove the group to the airport and for a moment Robin was unsure if she wanted to leave. Japan represented home to her now, as well as new adventures along with promises for an up and coming future. In Japan she had gotten engaged, she had several singing contracts including one to act in one of Japan’s most popular animes. She had found new and old friends and she had learned not to be afraid of every little thing. Because truly, she was pretty bad-ass.

Before they boarded the flight everyone hugged and kissed their goodbyes. Jason hugged and kissed Amberly and then he caught Yagano in a half handshake, half hug.

“Thank you for having our backs,” he whispered.

“No problem, brother.” Y replied.

Robin smiled at Y and then slipped her hand into his. “Take care of yourself, okay?”

“You do the same, Robin,” he looked at her and then lowered his eyes, released her hand and turned away.

Robin felt something tug at her heart at the loss of contact. She turned to Jason and the others who were busy checking their carry-on and she smiled and hurried to catch up with them. It was time to go home and begin the rest of her life!





As Amberly and Yagano drove toward their home Amberly turned to him. They were holding hands and a weight had lifted from both of their shoulders. The demons of the past had been laid to rest for Amberly—as well as for Yagano.

“The house is going to be so quiet now,” she said wistfully. “Without Akita there it’s going to feel so different.”

Yagano nodded grimly. “It’s sad but I think Akita left us the house because he wanted us to keep it alive with memories of him.” He looked at her. “So you don’t want to sell it and move closer to Tokyo?”

“No,” she replied adamantly. “I love that house. No other house will ever feel as much like home.” Her eyes twinkled at him. “Especially if we can fill it with babies.”

Yagano smiled happily. “There’s nothing I want more, Amberly.” He glanced at her. “I think we should start making those babies tonight.”

She giggled and kissed his cheek, ignoring the fading bruises. When they pulled up to the driveway there was a black Lincoln Town car parked there.

“Who is that?” Amberly asked.

Y frowned. “I don’t know. Stay in the car.”

“Y …” She said as he got out, but he closed the door. He headed to the parked Town car and the passenger door opened. His father stepped out.

Yagano hesitated and then he approached his father not saying anything, waiting for the man that had basically abandoned him to speak.

Daisuke had changed very little since the last time that Yagano had seen him. His thick moustache was now silver and his thick wavy hair still looked like it belonged on a Hollywood movie star. And yet Yagano could see that stress had caused wrinkles around the man’s eyes although his posture was straight and youthful.

Powerful men aged differently then the common man who had to stoop for his living, Yagano decided.

Daisuke glanced at Yagano’s car where Amberly was still waiting.

“There is no need of your wife to stay in your car. I would just like a few moments of your time.”

Yagano thought about whether or not he wanted to give his father even a second of his time. Finally he nodded and then returned to his car and leaned in at the passenger side where Amberly had let down the window to listen.

“Amberly, that’s my father.”

Amberly studied the older man, seeing a bit of her husband in his stance. He had not bothered to visit and so she had never met him.

“What does he want?”

Yagano looked over his shoulder at the man. “I don’t know. But he wants to talk to me for a few minutes.” He looked at her. Can you go inside and give us a few moments? I don’t want him to set foot inside my house.”

After a brief pause Amberly nodded. “Be careful.”

She was the second woman to advise him of that today. “I will.”

Amberly got out of the car and Yagano escorted her to the house. When she was even with the man that had fathered her husband she nodded her head politely and he returned the gesture. And then she was in the house with the door closed after her.

Yagano turned to regard his father and then he walked to the car. Daisuke gestured for him to get into the backseat and Y decided that there was no reason to decline the request so he climbed inside the luxury car and his father joined him.

“Yagano-chan, it’s been a long time since we’ve talked,” his father spoke in Japanese

“Hai,” Y agreed. And then he said no more. This was his father’s party so let him get to the point.

His father reached into his pocket and withdrew a white handkerchief. He offered it to Yagano whose heart began to rapidly beat. His father wanted yubitsume from him? Yagano gave his father a bold look and then accepted the handkerchief. But it wasn’t flat. Yagano opened it and saw a withering fingertip.

“Riyu’s.” His father said simply. “He is in your debt.”

Yagano’s mouth formed a firm line. “Is that what you think?”

“He tried to take more than he should have. He had no permission to do the things he did. He ran his gang in a dishonorable manner.”

“Ran?” Yagano asked.

“He still heads his gang, but now he has a new second in command, one of my men who will watch him carefully.”

“I see.” But Yagano didn’t. He didn’t care about any of this. The Yakuza and their affairs was no longer a part of his life.

“I see that there is still much distance between us-“ Daisuke said.

Yagano’s eyelids hooded as he tried not to allow his anger to rise at the understatement of the decade. “I may be your son, but I am not your family. It was you that created that distinction between Riyu, Anessa and myself,” Anessa being the sister that he hadn’t seen in ten years.

Daisuke watched him and then nodded slightly, surprising Yagano that he so readily accepted his angry retort.

“Yori has already told me that I have not been a true father to you. He reminded me that he has been more of a father to you than I have.” Daisuke did not tell Yagano that the punishment Yori received for his words was to be released from his duties as his right hand—and placed as the right hand of Riyu. Perhaps since he thought himself a better father he could do something to make Riyu a better man.

Daisuke sighed. “When I was young it was hard for me to understand that the world would continue to revolve without me. I thought that by making sure all of your financial needs were met, and ensuring that you were sent to the right schools that it would absolve me of my neglect. I knew that I could not be the father that you deserved. I had another family that I valued—one that I had damaged almost beyond repair due to my indiscretions.

“I made it up to them by pushing you away. Although … I wanted you in my life more than I can ever express.”

Yagano just stared at him, resenting his confession at the same time that he was unable to turn away and dismiss it or him.

“My wife was not someone that I had initially loved. Our arrangement was developed by our parents and cultivated for many years before we eventually married. So when I met your mother and I experienced feelings that were new to me, I was not strong enough to deny them. In the process I hurt the only woman that I truly loved.”

Daisuke looked down at his hands. “Even though I lost her I never wanted to lose you.”

Yagano frowned and gave him a what-the-fuck-are-you-talking-about-look.

“You lost me when you made me enter your house through a side door. You lost me when you turned a blind eye to the abuse that Riyu heaped upon me, and when you stopped coming to my house or sending for me. You lost me, father, when you told me that there was no place in the Yakuza for me because Riyu was already there.” Yagano reached for the door. “We’re through here-“

“Wait. Son, wait.” Daisuke placed a gentle hand on his arm and seemed to take notice of the bandage still present. “Everything you say is true Yagano. I put Riyu before you because he was the first son and would take over everything. I wanted to appease him because I knew that I had lost his respect. I catered to him and his mother when it came to you, out of a sense of guilt! And yes I was weak and a stupid man. I had no idea that there would come a day when I did not have the love of either son.”

Daisuke looked down and his face seemed to break. He looked up and met the eyes of Yagano who paused with his father’s hand still on his bandaged arm.

“Did you want to say sorry, father?” Yagano prompted.

Daisuke nodded. “Yes, my son.”

“You could have encouraged a better relationship between Riyu and I. Instead you allowed our animosities to turn into hatred.” He thrust the yubitsume back at his father who accepted it reluctantly.

“I don’t need this. You do.”

Daisuke clutched Yagano’s wrist in a tight grip, causing pain to the healing wound. Yagano looked at him in surprise.

“You’re scheduled to get a new mon,” he said simply, his eyes boring into those of his son’s. “After which you will become saikō-komon of your own gang with an accountant, underboss, advisors and enforcers of your choosing. Your position in the Yakuza is effective immediately.” Daisuke released his son. “I suggest you begin the process of selecting your staff.”

Daisuke got out of the car and returned to the passenger’s seat. Yagano exited the vehicle, closing the door without thought. His face was full of confusion and surprise.

Daisuke rolled down his window. “The sakazuki ceremony will be held Friday. Have your selections made by then and we will discuss territory.” Daisuke looked at his son. “Do you accept?”

Yagano nodded silently.



THE END



AUTHORS COMMENTS: As I’ve explained, Wheels of Steel is an un-going tale. Each novel will have a complete beginning as well as a complete ending. With that said, there will be a book 5 in the continuing tale. There are some weddings to plan, discussions about drugs and alcohol, perhaps even a baby in Amberly’s future—if there is a future for Amberly and Yagano after his father’s untimely offer to finally grant him a place in the Yakuza.

We will also see more from Robin, Jason and Peter’s venture into stardom. There will be more music, more fun and of course more sexiness! I hope you enjoyed book 4. If so please let others know by reviewing this book. Also you may enjoy other Pepper Pace stories which are listed below.





PEPPER PACE BOOK




STRANDED!

Juicy

Love Intertwined Vol. 1

Love Intertwined Vol. 2

Urban Vampire; The Turning

Urban Vampire; Creature of the Night

Urban Vampire; The Return of Alexis

Wheels of Steel Book 1

Wheels of Steel Book 2

Wheels of Steel Book 3

Angel Over My Shoulder

CRASH

Miscegenist Sabishii

They Say Love Is Blind

Beast

A Seal Upon Your Heart

Everything is Everything Book 1

Everything is Everything Book 2

Adaptation

About Coco’s Room



SHORT STORIES

~~***~~

Someone to Love

The Way Home

MILF

Blair and the Emoboy

Emoboy the Submissive Dom

1-900-BrownSugar

Someone To Love

My Special Friend

Baby Girl and the Mean Boss

A Wrong Turn Towards Love

The Delicate Sadness

The Shadow People



COLLABORATIONS

~~***~~

Seduction: An Interracial Romance Anthology Vol. 1

Scandalous Heroes Box set





About the Author





Pepper Pace creates a unique brand of Interracial/multicultural erotic romance. While her stories span the gamut from humorous to heartfelt, the common theme is crossing racial boundaries.

The author is comfortable in dealing with situations that are, at times, considered taboo. Readers find themselves questioning their own sense of right and wrong, attraction and desire. The author believes that an erotic romance should first begin with romance and only then does she offers a look behind the closed doors to the passion.

Pepper Pace lives in Cincinnati, Ohio where many of her stories take place. She writes in the genres of science fiction, youth, horror, urban lit and poetry. She is a member of several online role-playing groups and hosts several blogs. In addition to writing, the author is also an artist, an introverted recluse, a self proclaimed empath and a foodie. Pepper Pace can be contacted at her blog, Writing Feedback:

http://pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com/

PepperPace.tumblr.com or by email at pepperpace.author@yahoo.com





Awards





Pepper Pace is a best selling author on Amazon and AllRomance e-books as well as Literotica.com. She is the winner of the 11th Annual Literotica Awards for 2009 for Best Reluctance story, as well as best Novels/Novella. She is also recipient of Literotica’s August 2009 People's Choice Award, and was awarded second place in the January 2010 People’s Choice Award. In the 12th Annual Literotica Awards for 2010, Pepper Pace won number one writer in the category of Novels/Novella as well as best interracial story. Pepper has also made notable accomplishments at Amazon. In 2013 she twice made the list of top 100 Erotic Authors and has reached the top 10 best sellers in multiple genres as well as placing in the semi-finals in the 2013 Amazon Breakthrough Author’s contest.





