The Strickland Sisters Series: Book 1

By Alexandria House





Copyright © 2017 by Alexandria House

Cover art from istockphoto.com (Sjale)



All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.



Printed in the United States of America



First Printing 2017





Pink Cashmere Publishing, LLC

pinkcashmerepub@gmail.com

http://pinkcashmerepublishing.webs.com/





A special thank you to #TheLoveKing, the incomparable Raheem DeVaughn, whose music inspired me and motivated me to write this book in a short span of time.



To the readers, wow! I don’t know what to say except thank you for embracing my brand of romance. I truly appreciate your support!



Special thanks to Girl, Have You Read?, the Building Relationships Around Books Online Book Club, Sisterhood of the Traveling Books, Colette from My Reading Nook, and WOC in Romance.





Stay with Me





Twice unlucky in love, natural hair vlogger, Angela Strickland, has settled into a life centered around avoiding men and relationships like the plague. Unwilling to risk another broken heart, she resigns herself to being a perpetually single woman.

Corporate man and self-professed womanizer, Ryan Boyé, doesn’t believe in relationships or love and thinks anyone who does is a fool. But there’s just something about Angela Strickland he can’t shake…

When these two cross paths, their attraction to one another is undeniable. Will they find that the love they’ve both evaded is exactly what they both need?





For him…again.





1





How did I get myself into this? I thought as I sat at the tiny table in the huge club watching my baby sister sloppily dance in front of me. This drunk heifer hadn’t sat down for more than five minutes since we walked into the place over an hour earlier. And I don’t think she’d stopped drinking at all. She was currently bouncing to some song with her fifth or sixth—I lost count—Appletini in hand. The way she was acting, one would’ve thought it was her twenty-first birthday rather than her twenty-eighth.

I took a sip of the same strawberry daiquiri I’d been playing with since we first arrived. I didn’t like hard liquor any more than I did loud-ass music or big-ass crowds or sweaty-ass people, but there I was for the sake of sisterhood.

“Nicky, don’t you wanna sit down for a sec?” I asked my sister. “You’re spilling your drink.”

“No!” she slurred, eyeing me through drooping eyelids, her impossibly long fake lashes grazing her high cheekbones. “It’s ma birfday and I’m here to kish it! Woo! And Iiiiiiima take me a fine man home ssssstoo!”

I sighed and leaned back in my seat as she kept bumping and grinding the air in a ridiculously short black dress that looked to be pasted onto her petite body. “Yeah, well, that ain’t happening. I’m taking your drunk ass home whenever this little celebration is over. And where the hell is Renee?”

“Somewhere doing whatever Robert’s ugly ass tells her to do.”

Well, I couldn’t disagree with that. To be the oldest, our sister, Renee, was definitely not the wisest, especially when it came to her husband. I couldn’t stand his controlling, unfaithful, not-even-remotely-attractive ass. I truly couldn’t see why Renee married him.

“Aw, shit! She came!” Nicky shouted over the horrible mumble rap that was blaring from the speakers.

My head snapped up to see not only Renee, but her husband, Robert. Before I could say it, Nicky did: “Why the hell she bring him?” It seemed the presence of our brother-in-law had sobered her up a bit. Her speech was much less slurred.

“Hey, Nicky! Happy birthday, baby sis!” Renee gushed, as she pulled Nicky into a hug while Robert hung behind her in silence.

I tried unsuccessfully not to glare at him. Sorry ass…

As Renee bent over to hug me, I whispered, “Why the hell is he here?” in her ear.

She pulled out of the hug and gave me this crazy look before turning around and kissing Robert on the cheek. “Thanks for dropping me off, babe. Ang’ll bring me home later.”

He just nodded and walked off. Never even spoke to me or Nicky. But then again, he knew we hated him, and rightfully so.

As Renee slid into a chair next to me, Nicky finally sat her hot ass down, too. “So why is he here?” she asked, after she drained her glass in an obvious attempt to recapture the buzz Robert’s presence had ruined.

Renee crossed her legs and pursed her lips. “One, he’s my husband. Two, he volunteered to drop me off, because he knew we’d be drinking and he didn’t want me trying to drive home drunk.”

“And three, he’s probably in some corner of this club right now cheating on you,” Nicky said, as she attempted to flag a waitress down.

“No, he is not! Why do y’all have to act that way about him?” she asked, visibly flustered.

“Because he’s an asshole,” Nicky answered.

Renee fingered a strand of her thick, shoulder-length hair. “Like your drunk opinion matters.”

“Well, I’m not drunk, and I have to agree with Nicky. He’s an asshole, Renee. A cheating asshole, and you deserve better,” I said.

“I really hate I ever confided in you two when we were having problems. He is not cheating anymore, and I have forgiven him. I’m over it. Why aren’t y’all?”

“And he’s ugly,” Nicky said flatly, ignoring Renee’s question. “Just, why? Why, Nay? Like, seriously? All the guys you dated, and you marry him? He got a foot-long penis or something? You sprung? Turnt out? What is it?”

“You know what? I’m here to help you celebrate your birthday when I could be home with my man instead of sitting here listening to you insult him and me.”

I could see her eyes filling with tears, so when Nicky opened her mouth to deliver a rebuttal, I kicked her under the table, and when she looked at me, I gave her the eye. She clamped her mouth shut until the waitress finally arrived at the table, and then she and Renee both ordered drinks.

We’d left the subject of Renee’s marriage and had veered into a nasty conversation about some guy Nicky had recently slept with when Renee nearly shouted, “Hey! Isn’t that Khalil?”

My stomach dropped so fast, the little bit of liquor I’d consumed felt like it was made of pure lead. I needed some water. No, if Khalil Whitehead was really in that club, I needed to get the hell out of there. The man I un-affectionately referred to as my out-of-body experience was the last person I wanted to see.

Ever.

I followed Renee’s big, round eyes to a man wearing black slacks and a silky, vintage Versace-style shirt. Shit, it was him. It was definitely him. Only he would step into a club looking that tacky. How I was ever attracted to his wannabe music producer ass was beyond me. I slid down in my seat a bit and hoped with everything in me that he wouldn’t see me.

He did.

Somehow, in a dimly-lit, packed club full of black people, my most recent ex found me and approached our table with an Instagram model-looking chick—tiny waist and impossibly huge boobs and butt—trailing closely behind him and a wide smile on his smug face.

“Angie!” he said too enthusiastically considering the hell he put me through while we dated. “How’ve you been?”

“She’s been great, you piece of—”

I cut Nicky off with, “I’ve been good. You?”

“I’ve been terrific. Life is good, you know?” He grabbed the woman’s hand and pulled her next to him. “Angie, Nicky, Renee, this is Diamond. Baby, this is Angela Strickland, my ex. I told you about her. And these are her sisters.”

She blinked a few times and smiled. Her long, black eyelashes kept bumping against her platinum bangs. “Wait…4C Angie?!” she shrieked.

“Uh...yes,” I said. “You watch my videos?”

“Yes! I’m all natural under this wig! I swear by your jojoba-coconut oil recipe! OMG, I can’t wait to tell my sister I met you! Baby, you didn’t tell me your ex was 4C Angie. She’s a celebrity!”

I smiled at the woman, and said, “Well, I don’t know about all that, but thank you.”

Nicky gave Khalil a smirk and then shifted her gaze to Diamond. “Oh, my sister is so modest. She’s the bomb, isn’t she?”

Diamond nodded enthusiastically. “Oh! Can I get an autograph?”

Before I could respond, Khalil was pulling Diamond away from us, and saying, “Well, you ladies take care.” They left without giving us a chance to utter another word.

“I guess his stupid butt forgot he used to date a star,” Renee said.

“A YouTube star. There’s a difference, you know,” I replied.

Renee had opened her mouth to respond when a group of girls approached the table and asked to take pictures with me. Diamond’s little outburst had made it impossible to keep the low profile I’d enjoyed since entering the club and sliding into the dark corner our table occupied. I smiled and graciously obliged them, and we managed to enjoy the rest of our evening out.





*****



“I love you so much, baby,” I whispered in Khalil’s ear as he held me tightly, rubbing his hands up and down my back.

He kissed me, moved his mouth to my ear, and murmured, “I love you, too, Angie.”

And that’s when my ass woke up.

Had he just smiled, or nodded, or said something like, “Is that right?” I would’ve believed what was happening was real, but the moment he reciprocated, I knew I was dreaming since no man other than my father—not Khalil Whitehead, or the only other man I’d declared my love to, Benny Stewart—had ever told me he loved me. As a matter of fact, they used my feelings for them against me. Used me, made a fool of me. And they were the dual reasons I lived alone, happily alone. I made a promise to myself three years ago that I was done with men and loving men. It was a promise I intended to keep.

I swung my legs over the side of my bed, sitting up and staring out my bedroom window at the stark scene outside. It was early March, and winter was still holding on by filling the air with frigidity. The trees still looked barren, and besides a few isolated sprigs of grass poking through the brown ground, one wouldn’t believe spring was about to make her appearance. I stretched my arms over my head and was contemplating making some coffee when Nicky stumbled through my closed bedroom door without knocking, and moaned, “I need coffee…”

I stood up and gave her a smirk. “I bet you do. You were partying last night like your ass was getting shipped off today or something.”

I slid past her, making my way to the kitchen, and she followed me, saying, “If your birthday had gone the way mine did, you would’ve gotten drunk, too.”

As I stood at the counter scooping coffee grounds into the filter of my coffee maker, I asked, “What happened? I mean, you don’t have a job to hate. You don’t have a permanent boyfriend to argue with, you don’t have bills because you still live at home, so what could’ve possibly gone wrong?”

She plopped down in a chair at my kitchen table in her bra and panties, rested her elbows on the table, and held her face in her hands while blowing out a breath. “Daddy gave me a five hundred-dollar check for my birthday.”

I rolled my eyes as I poured water into the coffee maker. “And I take it that wasn’t enough for your spoiled ass?”

“Not really, but then things got worse. He told me he was cutting me off!”

As the smell of coffee began to permeate the air in my tiny kitchen, I took a seat across from my sister with a furrowed brow. Now this was truly a shock, but something that was way overdue. “Nicky, you had to see this coming. You’ve been in school FOREVER. You have like ten degrees now. It’s time for you to get a job and move out of Mama’s and Daddy’s house.”

She sighed and shook her head. “You and Daddy on the same bullshit. Look, I have one bachelor’s degree and two master’s degrees. What’s wrong with valuing education?”

“You’re working on a third master’s, and all of your degrees are in these weird subjects—I mean, Canadian Studies, Slavic Languages, Adventure Studies? Look, I know Daddy made the same deal with all of us when we turned eighteen, but you played him, and you played him well. You used his own terms against him. He’s tired of it, and I can’t blame him.”

“How did I play him, Angie? He said we all had two options: go to the college of our choice and get the degree of our choice and he’d pay for it AND support us until we had completed our education, or he’d give us the money instead. You took the money, Renee went to school and became a nurse or whatever, and I’m still working on my education. I mean, he didn’t say there was a limit to the number of degrees we could get.”

I looked my pretty little sister in the eye. “Your ass just doesn’t want to get a job and have to pay bills and you know it.”

“And you do? I mean, it’s not like you’re gainfully employed or something. You took that money, bought this place, and haven’t had a full-time job in your life!”

I reclined in my chair a bit. “See, this is where you and I differ. I’m a business woman. Always have been. I bought this duplex knowing that if I could keep the other side rented out, I’d always have an income and wouldn’t have to work full time. And for your information, I have a job. I’m a hair vlogger and YouTube pays me well.”

“Shit, you know what? I’m straight hating on you. Of the three of us, you came up with the best plan. Buy a house that generates income and who needs a damn degree? Hell, I should’ve done the same thing. Been going to school and dating all these men, looking for a husband to support me. These dudes ain’t tryna have a girl’s back!”

“Nicky, you can’t get with men for the sole purpose of them eventually supporting you. That’s kinda foul, you know?”

She sat up straight. “So what am I supposed to do? Get married for love and be treated like shit like Renee? Oh, I know, I’m supposed to fall in love with a couple of losers, commit years of my life to building relationships with them only to be dumped and become a thirty-year-old sexless loner like you.”

I stood and grabbed a coffee mug from my cabinet. “Since you’re sober enough to be a bitch, how about you throw that little dress of yours back on and leave my sexless loner house?”

She sighed loudly. “You started it.”

“And I’m finishing it. Leave. I’m not gonna sit up in my own home and be disrespected, Nicole. You can climb your spoiled ass in your car and go.”

She stood and stomped over to the coffee pot while I reclaimed my seat at the table.

“And don’t you touch my damn coffee pot. Go buy you some Starbucks or something.”

Her eyes flew up to the sky. “Look, I’m sorry, Angie, if I hurt your feelings, but you had no right to judge me.”

“Humph.”

“I’m just frustrated. None of my plans are working out, and now Daddy is telling me I have like three months to find a job and move out, and I’m nowhere near finishing this master’s in Demography!”

I didn’t reply.

“I love you, Angie,” she said in that little baby-girl voice that always made our father melt. It didn’t move me.

“I said I was sorry,” she whined.

“I heard you.”

She grabbed a mug, doctored up some coffee with cream and sugar, and sat across from me again. Nodding toward the door that led to my backyard, she asked, “What’s with all the paint?”

I glanced at the cans of paint stacked against the back door, and said, “My tenants moved out, so I’ve got to go over there and touch up the paint in a couple of the rooms, have the carpets cleaned, the usual.”

“So it’s vacant?” she asked in a perky voice.

“That’s what I just said…” I knew where this was going.

“Why don’t you let me move in? I’ll even do the painting for you.”

“Nicky, I make money off of that space. No way I’m letting your unemployed ass move in there.”

“I’ll get a job.”

“Call me when you do that, and then we can talk about you renting it. Until then, it’s a no.”

She hopped up and plodded out of my kitchen, mumbling something under her breath about how much she hated her family with every step she took. I leaned back in my chair, sipped on my coffee, and shook my head.





2





I was seated at the desk in the bedroom I used as my studio, the one where I filmed my natural hair videos and edited them. The editing software was open on my computer, but my eyes were drifting all over the room—from the studio lights that were shoved in a corner, to the digital camera that still sat on my tripod, and along with my eyes, my mind was focused on everything but the task at hand.

Nicky basically calling me a dumb loser spinster had really gotten to me. It wasn’t like I didn’t know it was pathetic of me to have committed years to relationships with assholes. Of course I knew it. The mere thought of my own stupidity followed me around like a shadow even on an overcast day. I knew I was stupid for falling for Benny in junior high and hanging on to his hapless ass for six whole years. And yeah, I should’ve known better than to have fallen into the same trap with Khalil. After all, I was a grown-ass, twenty-two-year-old woman when we hooked up, a grown-ass woman who gave another loser five years of love and devotion. But I woke up and learned from my mistakes. I was fine, content. So why did she have to dredge up my train wreck of a past, and why were her words bothering me so much?

I shook my head and stared at myself on the screen. The video I was editing was one I did demonstrating how to do your own faux dreadlocks. I was still wearing mine, and they actually looked pretty good for this being my first time trying that particular protective style. I looked at my brown skin against the stark white wall that served as a backdrop since I was still waiting for the backdrop banner I’d ordered to come in. I stared at my wide-set chocolate eyes, my strong nose and prominent cheekbones I’d inherited from my daddy. My lip-glossed lips were full and plush. I was cute. Not drop-dead, faint-in-your-tracks gorgeous, but I was cute with a head of thick, kinky hair that reached the middle of my back when flat-ironed (because 4C shrinkage is real), and a nice body. I was somewhere in between Nicky, who was the same height as me, five-five, but ridiculously thin, and Renee, who was a couple of inches taller than me and Nicky, and a big girl. Not sloppy big, but Jill Scott big—huge breasts, nice legs, and by far, the prettiest of us three.

I wasn’t a show-stopper, and I’d gained a few pounds since I started working from home as a vlogger a few years earlier, but hell, I wasn’t huge or ugly. I dressed to complement my body, I was smart, successful, and even YouTube famous, so why the hell did I have a big target on my back that only asshole men were able to hit? Actually, I was almost certain that I was only attracted to horrible men. I mean, that was the only logical explanation. And that was why I had decided to never date again. Ever. Because I couldn’t be trusted to pick the right kind of guy. You know, one that will tell the truth, actually like me, and not treat me like total and complete shit. Little things like that. I couldn’t be trusted, so I had made the decision to live out my days alone in my side of this lovely duplex, collecting rent from whoever passed through the other apartment and making videos until that ship sailed. Eventually, I’d probably get a couple of cats to keep me company, but whatever. Anything beat being made a fool of for a third time. Anything, including utilizing my brand new Rabbit5000 vibrator. Shit, vibratory sex was the best sex I’d ever had anyway, because neither Khalil nor Benny gave a damn about trying to satisfy me.

I shook my head at myself. I could kill Nicky for saying that mess to me and jacking up my mind and reminding me of both my stupidity and my loneliness. Yes, I was lonely, lonely as hell, had shut all of my friends out long ago. But that was just the price I’d had to pay to keep my sanity…and my pride.

I sighed as I stood and made my way to the kitchen to grab a soda and some chips. Maybe I could snack my way to being productive.



*****



Sitting in front of my TV watching a DVR’d episode of Greenleaf, I sighed as I thought about Renee. I hadn’t talked to her since Nicky’s little birthday celebration at the club, and I was worried about her. Well, I always worried about her, but this was a little different. Renee was nothing if not extremely forgiving. No matter what Nicky or I said to her, she usually made a point of calling us every week just to chat. It’d been a couple of weeks since me and Nicky attacked her, and we shouldn’t have done that. Although she was the oldest, she was also the most fragile emotionally, and Robert had taken her to hell and back. Instead of deriding her for staying with him, we should’ve at least been kind of supportive, but it was so hard when you knew she deserved much, much better. I hoped she was okay.

I glanced at my phone and told myself hoping didn’t make any sense when all I had to do was dial her number, but see, the problem with that was I never knew when she and Robert were into it about something. I had stopped calling her years ago after she answered the phone in tears and I went over there and cursed Robert out. She had caught him cheating and they’d had an argument during which he called her every name in the book, mad because he was caught. So I told him about himself and took my sister home with me.

She went back to him a week later.

I shook my head. I couldn’t take a chance on a repeat of that fiasco. I’d just have to wait her out.





3





I finally broke weak and called Renee at work. I hated doing that, because although she was co-owner of the birthing center, I never knew if she was in the middle of delivering a baby or something. After all, she was a midwife. But she’d left me with no choice. I hadn’t talked to Nicky either since our blow up, but Nicky was tougher than Renee, and she wasn’t voluntarily dealing with an ass-hat of a husband, either.

“Genesis Birthing Center, Janine speaking.”

“Hey, Janine. This is Angela Strickland. Is Renee busy right now?”

“No…I think she’s eating lunch in her office, actually.”

“Oh, good. Can you put me through to her?”

“Sure. Hey, I loved that video you did on head wraps! I’m wearing a turban wrap right now.”

“I bet you look good in it, too! You ready to go natural yet?”

“Girl, no! I’m still addicted to the creamy crack!”

I chuckled. I had been trying to convert Janine to #teamnatural for years. Janine was Renee’s age, and we’d all grown up in the same neighborhood. We’d known her since we were kids, and she’d been the receptionist at Genesis since Renee and her business partner, Cassandra, opened it five years earlier. “I’m gonna wear you down, eventually.”

“You know, I hope you do! Because if I look as good as you with my hair natural, I just might get me a husband.”

It hasn’t worked for me, I thought. “I hear you.”

“All right, girl. It was great chatting with you. Putting you through to Renee. Have a great rest of the day.”

“Thanks, Janine.”

The next voice I heard was my big sister’s. “Renee Mattison.”

“Hey, Nay. Glad to know you haven’t fallen off the face of the earth.”

“Hmm, I was under the impression you wanted me to disappear, the way you and Nicky treat me sometimes.”

I looked up from my smoothie and gazed at the people streaming into the café for a moment as I chose my words carefully. “You know that’s not what I want. How’ve you been?”

“Fine. Good. Busy.”

“Not working too hard, are you?”

“No harder than usual.”

A heavy silence fell between us, and I closed my eyes and decided to bite the bullet. “Look, Renee, I’m sorry.”

“For what?”

Damn, she just wasn’t going to make this easy for me. “For what I said at the club the other week.”

“For what you said about my husband?”

Shit, she was taking this too far. “For saying something that hurt your feelings.”

“About my husband…”

“Damn, Renee! I’m trying to apologize to you.” I looked around, saw a couple of people looking at me, and lowered my voice. “You are my big sister and I love you and I miss talking to you, but I am not going to sit here and pretend Robert is a good person or that I respect him, because I don’t.”

“I’m not asking you to do anything but respect me and my decision to stay in my marriage, my ten-year marriage, the same way I respected you when you were in your relationships no matter how I felt about Benny or Khalil.”

Well, damn. Another gut punch from one of my sisters. What was this? Make Angie feel like shit month? I couldn’t do anything but hold the phone.

“See, doesn’t feel good for someone to bring up your past troubles, does it?”

“Did I bring up your past troubles, Nay? Last I checked, you were still with him.”

“And we’ve worked things out and are getting along much better now, but do you think it makes it any easier for me to move on with my life with him when you keep throwing our past at me? Would you like for me to do that to you?”

“You just did.”

“And did you enjoy it?”

“No…okay, I get your point. How about I just don’t bring Robert up anymore? Will that make you happy?”

“You can bring him up, just don’t disrespect him.”

“I’ll just stop bringing him up.”

She sighed. “Fine. So, when are you going to invite me to dinner?”

I smiled. I was, by far, the best cook among the three of us, and everyone knew it. “I don’t know. Mama wants me to cook for her and Daddy’s anniversary dinner and that’s coming up soon, so I guess we can just wait until then. Haven’t been in much of a cooking mood lately.”

“Why?”

Because I’m lonely as hell. “I don’t know. Just haven’t.”

“Where are you? I can hear people talking in the background.”

“The Smoothie Hut.”

“Ooooh, I love their smoothies!”

“Yeah, I’ve been walking around posting flyers about my vacant apartment and decided to take a break in here. Want me to bring you one?”

“No. I just had a salad for lunch. Tryna lose some of these pounds.”

“Girl, I hear you. My ass has spread so wide, I’m about a centimeter from going up a size. If I keep on, I’ma have to start draping sheets over my body and belting them at the waist.”

Renee laughed. “You need to stop. You’re gorgeous and you know it. I’m the only fat sister. Always have been.”

“Renee, you’re the pretty sister and you know it.”

“Yeah, everyone has always told me I have a pretty face. Like that’s a compliment or something.”

“Yeah, people are assholes…hey, have you talked to Nicky since her birthday?”

“Uh-huh. She called me to talk mess about you. She’s pissed you won’t let her move into your vacant apartment. I told her I didn’t blame you for not leasing it to an unemployed career student. Now she’s pissed at me, too.”

I was just about to reply when I looked up and saw a sight that made me cringe. “Hey, I gotta call you back,” I said abruptly.

“Oh, okay. Hey, I’m glad you called. Love you.”

“Me, too. Love you back.”

I ended the call and tried to figure out a way to sneak out of the crowded café without being seen. Finally, I said fuck it and stood up, having decided to just walk out of the place with my head held high. I was at the door when I heard, “Angie?”

I kept walking. After all, the place was packed and they were playing some pseudo-Caribbean music over the sound system and people were talking, so it was possible that I just didn’t hear him.

I was almost at my car when I felt a hand on my shoulder. “Angie?” he repeated.

I sighed and turned around to face him. “Hey, Benny,” I said softly.

He looked the same—tall, athletic build, smooth chocolate skin, piercing dark eyes. And behind him stood his lovely wife, Joslyn…and their three or four or five kids. All boys, because Benny came from a family of boy breeders.

“Hey! I thought that was you! So did Joslyn.”

I didn’t bother speaking to Joslyn. There was just something about your high school best friend sleeping with your boyfriend while he’s still your boyfriend and she’s still your friend and then marrying him less than a month after he breaks up with you that makes it hard for a girl to smile and say, “Hi.” Ten years had passed, but that kind of thing was just hard to get over.

Probably sensing that a warm reunion was not on the horizon, she said, “I’m gonna go on in and order something for the boys,” to Benny and gave me a little nod before herding her kids in the opposite direction.

“So, how’ve you been?” he asked with this huge grin on his face.

I couldn’t exactly say I was still recovering from a three-year-old break-up, have an intimate relationship with a vibrator, and spend most of my nights cuddled up in bed watching Netflix or YouTube videos, so I said, “Bye, Benny.”

As I pulled the door open and slid into my car, he moved closer to me, and said, “Angie…”

I looked up at him with a furrowed brow. There was something odd about his voice.

He glanced back at the café and then fixed his eyes on me again. “I should’ve said this years ago. I’m-I’m sorry.”

I stared at him and felt his sincerity in my heart, but still, I slammed the door shut and started my car. I sat there and watched him hang his head as he headed back into the café, and then I left the parking lot.



*****



“Hi, my name is Ryan Boyé, and I’m calling about the duplex apartment you have for rent. Is this Angela Strickland?”

I activated the speakerphone and laid the phone on my bed next to me as I continued taking my faux locks down. They were well past their time. “Yes, this is she. What do you want to know about the apartment?”

“Well, I was actually hoping I could see it tonight. I’m leaving town in the morning, been looking for a place to stay all day. Saw your flyer at the Aragon Café a few minutes ago and thought I’d see if it was still vacant.”

“It is, but this is really short notice, and well, you’re a man. I don’t usually show men the unit by myself…”

“I can understand that, but I’m in a crunch, and I promise I’m not a dangerous person…”

I blew out a frustrated breath. On one hand, the space had been vacant for two months now, and I was missing that income terribly. I’d already had to dip into my savings a couple of times, and there were a couple of hair events I wanted to attend—if I could make myself leave town—that the rent money would pretty much cover. On the other hand, he was a man, and I didn’t trust men on any level. I wasn’t lying when I said I usually never showed men the apartment alone. Normally, Renee or Nicky accompanied me. Nicky was evidently still pissed at me since she wasn’t returning any of my calls, and I didn’t want to call Renee and interrupt whatever quality time she might have been spending with Robert since I knew she wasn’t on-call for the birthing center that night.

“Can you hold on a second?” I asked.

“Sure…”

I picked up the phone and texted Nicky.

Me: Hey, I know you’re pissed at me and everything, but if you don’t hear from me in a couple of hours, call the police.

Nicky: What???

Me: I’ll explain later.

Nicky: Okay…

Well, at least she still cared about my well-being.

“Okay, I’m back,” I said into the phone. “What time do you want to come this evening?”

“Well, I’m parked in your driveway right now.”

“Oh, okay. Um, give me a second and I’ll meet you over there. A is mine. B is the vacant unit.”

“Yeah, I remember that from the flyer. I’ll be over there waiting.”

I hung up and hopped out of the bed, glancing down at the pajamas I had on and debating in my mind whether or not I should put on some clothes. It only took me a second to decide it would be best to get dressed. I pulled on a pair of jeans, and a “black girl magic” t-shirt, wrapped my head, which was part faux locks and part nappy, linty afro, in a colorful scarf, and slid on some lip gloss before stepping out onto the porch the duplex apartments shared and walking over to meet Mr. Boyé.

His silhouette was tall and trim, but since I still hadn’t replaced the bulb outside the door, I couldn’t see his features. Not that it mattered. He could’ve been butt ugly as long as he passed the background and credit checks and could pay the rent.

He wasn’t.

As a matter of fact, the man was so handsome, I started feeling all nervous and jumpy and shit. My God! He was absolutely beautiful.

After I led him into the living room of the vacancy and flipped the switch by the door, bathing the room in soft light, I turned and got an eyeful of a level of handsomeness I’d never witnessed before—tall, muscular in a slim, un-hulkish way, terra cotta skin, hazel eyes that seemed to look into my soul, thick, curly hair cut low, a nose that had to be the envy of anyone who’d ever desired rhinoplasty, a bright white smile framed by a full, neatly-trimmed beard and mustache, full lips. Shit!

I wasn’t usually attracted to light-skinned men, but I’ll be damned if my ovaries weren’t quivering at the sight of him. Hell, he was so fine, my mama’s ovaries were probably quaking.

He extended his hand, and for the life of me, I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to do with it.

“Ryan Boyé,” he said in that accent I’d tried to identify during our short phone conversation. He wasn’t native to Tennessee, for sure, but he was definitely from the south. His accent kind of reminded me of a lady who worked with me at a restaurant a few years back. She was from Louisiana and had been displaced here to Romey, Tennessee, by Hurricane Katrina.

I stared down at his hand for another half a minute before clutching it, noticing how much larger it was than mine. “Um…Angela Strickland.”

Still wearing a smile that made my loins shudder, he said, “Pleased to meet you.”

I freed my hand from his and nodded. “So, this is the place, and there’s a gym a couple of blocks from here if you’re into working out.” And it looks like you are, as fine as your ass is. “Um…three bedrooms, one bath, living room, eat-in kitchen. I’m sure you noticed there are two separate driveways, and the backyard is huge and divided by a fence, so essentially, each unit has its own private backyard. Um, all appliances are included, plus a small washer and dryer. Feel free to look around if you want.”

He reached up and rubbed his beard. “Okay. I will.”

As he walked towards the kitchen, I stared at his ass, and said, “Take your time.”

I leaned against the wall as he strolled from room to room and tried to catch my breath. This man had me feeling things in places that had lain dormant for a long, long time. He had my hand trembling and my head reeling. He was too good-looking, if there a such a thing. He was so fine, I seriously felt like I was going to have a panic attack or something.

“Wow, this place is huge,” he called from somewhere in the back of the apartment.

“Yes, 1100 square feet,” I responded. “Plenty of room for you and your family.”

He returned to the living room, and I took note of the black slacks and black dress shirt that fit him very well. “Oh, it’s just me.”

“Oh, then this is probably too much space for you, right? Or are you planning on having roommates? If so, they’ll have to be approved and sign a lease, too.”

He shook his head. “No roommates. Just me. I like a lot of space.”

“So you’re interested?”

“Definitely.”

“All right. Do you want to fill out an application?”

“Yes, I do.”

I crossed the room and entered the kitchen, pulling out the drawer that held the applications. When I turned around, he was right behind me. I jumped a little and dropped the papers. “Shit,” I mumbled as I bent over to pick them up, but he beat me to it.

“I got it,” he said softly. “Have this back to you in the morning. My job is transferring me here for a six-month stint. They’re covering my rent, so if I’m approved, I’ll pay the entire six months up front.”

Now, that made my ears stand at attention. “I see.”

He held the papers up. “Well, I’ll see you in the morning.”

“Great. See you then.”





4





I bolted upright in bed and cringed at the sight of myself in the dresser mirror. I had spent most of the night after Ryan Boyé left thinking about him, ended up getting really hot and bothered and found it hard to sleep. So I watched hours of YouTube videos, everything from Trader Joe hauls to wig reviews, until I finally crashed and burned around three that morning. A quick glimpse at the screen of my phone advised me that it was 5:00 AM, and judging from the multitude of missed calls and text messages from Nicky, it was most likely her outside my place leaning on my doorbell, which felt like it climbed out of the box in my hallway and slammed directly into my eardrum, snatching me from a sound sleep. I scratched my half-unfauxlocked head and climbed out of bed in yesterday’s clothes, stumbled to the door and snatched it open with a deep frown on my face while yelling, “Damn, will you stop ringing my doorbell?!”

Ryan Boyé’s left eyebrow lifted, and his eyes instantly shot to the hot mess of a bird’s nest on my head, so I slammed the door in his face, muttered, “Shit,” under my breath. Raised my voice and said, “Give me a second!”

My eyes darted around the living room for…hell, I don’t even know. A scarf, a hat, another identity, a hole to crawl into for the rest of my days…

“Ms. Strickland?” he called through the door.

“Uh...just a minute!”

I owned at least a trillion and a half scarves, but at that moment, I couldn’t think of where to find even one.

I spotted a t-shirt I’d tossed in a corner and grabbed it, wrapped it around my head turban-style, and took a deep breath. Of course he’d notice I was still wearing yesterday’s clothes, but at least I didn’t look like a seasoned crack head with my head covered. I returned to the door and eased it open to find him still standing there, but his back was to me, and my eyes involuntarily dropped to his butt. Dayum!

He spun around and I looked up at his face, attempting to smile warmly, but he was making me nervous again, standing there looking like he was looking.

He held up some papers. “Sorry to drop by this time of morning, but I have an early flight. Wanted to get this back to you before I leave town.”

I took the papers and studied them like I’d never seen them before. “Oh, the application,” I mumbled, like there was some other reason for him being there. Either my lack of sleep or his lack of being unattractive was tampering with my brain.

“Yeah…so how long do you think it’ll be before you can let me know something?”

I frowned as I looked up into his eyes. Hazel-green with flecks of golden brown… “Know something?” I asked.

“About whether or not I can lease the apartment?”

I released a nervous giggle. “Oh, forgive me. Haven’t had my coffee. I’m…I should be able to let you know something in a couple of days.”

“Great! I’d need to move in next Monday.”

I nodded. “That’ll be fine. Be looking for a call from me.”

“Will do. Thanks, and sorry again for the inconvenience.”

“Oh, no worries.”

I watched him descend the front steps as Nicky came screeching into the driveway and parked behind my car. As Ryan backed into the street, Nicky bounced up my steps, and shrieked, “Who the hell was that?! Got-dayum! He was fine as baby hair!”

As I led her into my place, I said, “Someone trying to rent the apartment.”

“He need a roommate? He could be my next ex any day! Shoot!”

I collapsed onto my sofa and rolled my eyes. “Hear you tell it, any man could.”

She took a seat in one of two zebra-print accent chairs. “See, and we were getting along so well.”

“Uh, you’ve been ignoring my calls and texts for weeks.”

“But I texted back last night, and you didn’t even have the decency to let me know everything was okay after you sent me that cryptic message.”

“And it took you all night to start worrying about me?”

She shrugged. “I was busy with Warren last night.”

“Who is Warren?”

“Someone I just scratched off my list of potential husbands. He left for work this morning without washing his ass. You know how I am about hygiene.”

“Mm-hmm. So that’s why you’re up so early? Because he had to go to work?”

“Yeah…he said I could stay there as long as I wanted, but I left after he skipped out of there with yesterday’s funk still on him, and I’m not tryna go home right now in case Daddy is there and is still on that BS about me getting a job. So I thought I’d come check on you. When does Mr. Sexy move in?”

“I don’t know if he’s going to move in at all. I need to do the background check and stuff.”

“Girl, are you nuts? As fine as he is, he should get an automatic pass.”

“That’s not how I do business, Nicky. And besides, a serial killer can be fine.”

“Name one fine serial killer.”

I thought for a second. “Valid point, but I’m still doing the background and credit checks.”

“I guess, if you wanna do all that work. Or…you could just let me rent it.”

“Like you said…we were getting along so well. Why ruin it?”

She gave me a smirk. “Whatever.”



*****



“Hello?” His lazy drawl crawled through the phone line and settled in my right ear.

I held the phone for a moment, hoping he’d repeat himself so I could hear his voice once more before I began to speak. The background check had told me he was originally from Louisiana, but he now called Houston his home.

“Um…hello?” he repeated.

I smiled. “Mr. Boyé? This is Angela Strickland from Tennessee? I’m calling about your application…”

“Yes, yes. Can you hold on for just a moment?”

“Sure.”

He must’ve muted the phone, because silence now filled my ear. I wondered if he was with someone, an intimate someone. Then I wondered why I cared. I was against relationships, vehemently against them, thanks to Benny and Khalil. I was also against men. But something stirred inside of me when my eyes first beheld Mr. Ryan Boyé a couple of days earlier. Something that I had been trying to ignore, something that made my head hurt to think about. Desire.

I glanced down at his application—employed with Sable, Inc., impressive salary. Single. Fine. Okay, so his fineness wasn’t on the application, but it was embedded in my psyche.

I shook my head as I shifted my focus to the results of the background check—clean. And the credit check? Man, I’d kill, borrow, and steal for a credit score that good! He was almost too good to be true, so I told myself he was probably gay. Only that would explain how no one had snatched his gainfully-employed, handsome, good credit-having ass up.

Thankfully, he finally returned to the phone, cutting off my thoughts before they went any further in the wrong direction. “Hey, sorry about that. I’m at work trying to put out some fires. So, you were saying?”

“Well, I was saying that the apartment is yours if you’re still interested. All I need is the deposit and first and last month’s rent along with your signature on the lease.”

“Great! Like I told you, I’ll be paying the entire six-month lease up front.”

“Even better. So, see you Monday?”

“Bright and early. Thanks, Ms. Strickland. I travel a lot for work overseeing projects, and I hate staying in those residential hotels. You renting me this apartment is truly a lifesaver.”

“You’re welcome.”





“Hey, sweetie, it’s Mom. Just checking on you. You and Renee should call and check on me and your daddy more. We’re getting old, you know. Call me back. I wanna talk about the menu for the anniversary dinner. Love you. Bye.”

“Hey, Angie. It’s Renee. Wanna do lunch tomorrow? I’m missing you, little sis. Call me back.”

“Hey, Ang…huh? I’m on the phone trying to call my sister! No, I don’t know where your wallet is. What? You think I’m a damn thief? Nigga, really? Ain’t nobody robbed your broke ass!”

The last message, which was from Nicky, abruptly ended, and I sighed as I peeked out the window at Ryan Boyé carrying a box into his apartment. He was still gorgeous, and as I watched him, I pondered whether or not this was a good idea, letting someone who looked like him move in, because he was exactly what I didn’t need in my life. I turned away from the window and walked a few paces into the kitchen where I just stood in the doorway and stared at nothing in particular. My mind was in an I’m-attracted-to-a-man-but-I-don’t-want-to-be fog. I had worked overtime, weekends, and holidays to build a life that excluded even the mere thought of a romantic relationship, had told myself I didn’t need a man, and I really didn’t. But damn did I want one right at that moment, and I wanted the one who was carrying boxes from a white SUV into the dwelling that was attached to mine. How was I going to survive six months of living next door to him?

My eyes scanned the kitchen, and then I decided I was thirsty, reached into the refrigerator and pulled out a can of soda. Then my other hand reached in and pulled out another one, and my feet started moving to the front door like I was on autopilot or something. Opening the door, I saw that he wasn’t outside, so I walked over to his place to find the door open but him nowhere in sight.

“Hello!” I yelled inside.

No answer.

I just stood there like a lost puppy.

He finally appeared in the living room and jumped when he saw me, snatching a pair of earbuds from his ears before giving me a smile that sent a jolt of electricity to my core.

“Aw, man. You startled me.”

My eyes tried to find something other than him to focus on. They failed. “I’m sorry. I-uh-thought maybe you were thirsty since you’ve been working so hard and it’s pretty warm out.” I pushed the can toward him. “Do you drink soda?”

He took the can, his fingers grazing mine for only a second. A second too long, because my knees actually weakened a little. Shit, I really needed to get a grip.

“I do. Thank you,” he said.

I nodded and glanced around at the boxes littering the floor. “Need any help?”

“No, I think I got it, Ms. Strickland.”

My skin prickled at the way he dragged out the Ms. “Your accent…what part of Louisiana are you from?”

“Born and raised in New Iberia. Haven’t lived in Louisiana in nearly six years. Can’t seem to shake the accent, though. Does it bother you?”

“Oh, no. I love it.” Love? Really, Angela? Really?

He smiled again. “Good.”

We just stood there staring at each other until my sense kicked back in, or what little of it I had around him, and I said, “Well, I’ll let you get back to it.”

“All right. Thanks for the drink.”

“You’re welcome.”

I turned to leave, and I swear I could feel his eyes on me. Yeah, being around this man was definitely robbing me of all of my common sense.





5





I ain’t shit.

My brother ain’t shit, either, and my daddy ain’t never been shit.

Not being shit is embedded deep in my bloodline. It’s a rite of passage, my damn inheritance. It is as much a part of me as these eyes chicks seem to lose their minds over.

I mean, sure, I look good on paper—educated, six-figure salary, corporate job, well-traveled, articulate, A-1 credit. And my stats? Every black woman seeking a melanated partner’s dream—six feet even, fit, handsome, friendly, personable, nice smile, irresistible accent that I’m holding on to like a has-been holding on to the past. On the outside looking in, I’m a good catch, a thirty-year-old black man with no kids and no baby mama drama. The only problem with me is the way I treat women. I’m not abusive or anything like that, but I’m dismissive as hell. No one can hold my attention past two or three rounds in the bedroom. The main issue is they try too hard to be the one. You know, the one I fall in love with, the one I propose to, the one I commit to in some way…any way. One thing I really wish women understood is that just because you want to be the one doesn’t make you the one. And hell, for some men there will never be a one at all.

I’m one of those men.

I don’t believe in that “one woman for one man” shit, because it simply doesn’t make sense, and anyone who does believe in it is a damn fool. If that’s how things are supposed to be, why are there statistically more women than men on Earth? It’s true. I read it somewhere. And if there’s supposed to be one special woman for me, why is all sex so good? I’ve never run into a woman who was bad in bed. Sure, some women are more acrobatic or more flexible, but it all boils down to what’s between their legs, and I’ve never been disappointed with that on any woman. Yeah, that’s another myth, the whole “some women got better pussy than others” mess? Bullshit! It’s all the same, and it’s all good. Hell, I can’t get enough of it. And thanks to my job, I get to experience as much of it as I want all over the world without having to stick around and deal with these women’s attachment issues. Shit, you sleep with a woman a couple of times and she wants to introduce you to her family. Keep her around for a couple of weeks and she starts planning a wedding! With my job, I make it clear that I won’t be around long and can’t commit to a relationship. That makes things ten times easier.

But even though I’m a dog—yeah, I said it—I have rules that I follow, rules that keep me out of unnecessary trouble. For instance, as fine as my new landlord is, messing with her would be a disaster, because once she finds out she’s just one of many, she could, and probably would, make my life a living hell. How was I going to be able to screw in peace with her angry at me right next door? Yeah, she looks like the type to plot revenge if she gets hurt. So, as much as she turns me on, I have to pass.

She was the reason I was sitting at the bar in this little place I’d happened upon after work. I was horny as hell from just thinking about her, on the prowl for some satisfaction, and when a short, thick sister sitting at the other end of the bar looked my way, I knew I’d hit the jackpot. I gave her a smile and a little nod. Licked my lips and stood from the stool, slowly making my way to her. Settling in next to her, I softly said, “Hi, I’m Trey.” I rarely give my real name unless it’s unavoidable. That’s another reason Ms. Strickland is out of the question. She knows too much about me. Hell, she knows my social security number.

The sister smiled and slightly adjusted her body before thrusting her ample chest at me. “Hi, Trey. I’m Alexis.”





6





I sat in El Placer, devouring the salsa and chips the waitress had placed in the middle of the table and trying to decide if I was going to flag her down and ask for white or yellow cheese dip. Both were so delicious. Although Renee had invited me out to lunch, she was late meeting me, and that left me to sit and eat and ruminate on how Ryan Boyé’s slacks fit him this morning when he knocked on my door and asked me if it was okay to have a satellite hooked up. In the past, I had been against it, but I had no control over my brain or my mouth around this man or his smile or that Louisiana inflection of his, so I just nodded, smiled, and said, “Sure.”

I was attracted to him in a real, tangible, heart-racing way, but the problem with that was I had only ever been attracted to assholes, miscreants, horrible men who seemed to take pleasure in not only hurting me, but in humiliating me. Benny cheated with my BFF, but Khalil was more ambitious, cheating with just about any woman with an accessible vagina. And Ryan Boyé? Shit, he was a million times handsomer and more successful than either of them. And he was single. And I was one hundred percent sure he was single by choice. Beneath that smile had to be a masterfully terrible person unless I had mystically fixed whatever was broken in my sense of attraction, and I highly doubted that.

I was relieved to finally see Renee making her way to our table wearing a pale pink pair of scrubs, her hair in a ponytail. Renee had gorgeous hair that I was sure would look stunning if she went natural, but she refused, just like Nicky, who, by the way, entered the restaurant right behind Renee. Well, that was a pleasant surprise. I couldn’t remember the last time the three of us broke bread together.

I stood from the table and hugged both my sisters before reclaiming my seat, and saying, “Man, it’s been a long time since we had lunch together.”

Nicky nodded. “It’s been a long time since we did anything together.”

“That’s because you two are mean to me,” Renee said, as she grabbed one of the little white plates on the table and poured salsa into it.

“Sorry,” Nicky said, as she plunged a tortilla chip right into the big serving bowl of salsa. “You know what we should do? Set some ground rules. Let’s face it: we need each other. Neither of us really has any friends. Angie, I understand why you don’t trust other females after that Benny fiasco, and Renee, I’m pretty sure friends are a no-no when it comes to your marriage, and I don’t have any friends because I’m a ho’.”

My eyes widened, and I looked over at Renee whose expression matched mine.

“What?” Nicky asked, biting into a chip. “You think I don’t know I’m a ho’? Oh, I’m well aware of it, but I’m not your regular ho’. I’m a ho’ with a purpose. I’m hoeing for a husband.”

“Wow,” I said.

“It’s the truth! My hoeing is not purposeless, arbitrary hoeing. I’m very selective about who I screw. See, I’m a progressive ho’.”

Renee was shaking her head as she fumbled in the basket for another chip. “Nicky…”

“Anyway,” Nicky continued, “like I said, we need each other. So how about this? No more dogging each other. If we can’t lift each other up and be constructive with our words, we keep our mouths shut. Me and Angie won’t criticize your choice to stay with Satan anymore, Renee. It’s none of our business anyway.”

“You had to refer to him as Satan?” I asked.

Nicky shrugged.

Renee sighed.

“Soooo, Angie, how’s the new tenant?” Nicky asked.

“Oh, you found one?” Renee questioned, obviously relieved that our conversation had shifted.

The waitress approached us to take our orders, and after she left, I said, “He’s a great tenant. Quiet, paid the entire lease up front. I have no complaints.”

“That’s great, Angje! I know it’s a gamble when you have rental property. You never know what you might be getting yourself into. Is it just one guy over there? That’s a big place for one person.”

“No, it’s one fine-as-hell guy! Girl, I would’ve been done used my landlord key on him. He’d wake up with me on top of him!” Nicky declared.

“Um, well, Nicky…that would be unlawful entry and rape. He’s fine, but I ain’t tryna get locked up,” I responded.

“If you put it on him good, he’ll be thanking you instead of calling the police.”

“I’ll pass. You know I don’t do relationships. I’ve had more than my share of shitty ones.”

Nicky reclined in her chair, her eyes focused on me. “That’s your problem right there. Who said anything about a relationship? I’m talking about straight fucking, getting nasty, finally getting you a good orgasm.”

“Nicky, lower your voice,” Renee said. “Do you have to be so graphic up in here?”

Nicky threw a dismissive wave at Renee.

I leaned back in my chair and folded my arms over my chest. “What makes you think I’ve never had a good orgasm?”

“I’m talking about one induced by the actions of a flesh and blood man, not a mechanical device or your fingers. You and Benny were kids when you first got together, and I’m sure you were both virgins. He didn’t know what he was doing, was probably just pumping until he was done. I doubt you received any clitoral stimulation at all from him, and he was probably miles away from hitting your spot. I bet he couldn’t have found it even if he had the help of a turn-by-turn GPS navigational system.”

I just pursed my lips and grabbed a chip, bringing it to my mouth and taking a bite. There wasn’t any point in denying that she was correct in her assessment.

“And Khalil? Oh, he was a selfish lover. Anyone can look at him and tell he wasn’t about trying to please anyone but himself.”

I remained silent.

“Look, Ang, all I’m saying is, you’ve got to learn to look at men differently. You see a guy and instantly think relationship. How about just dating a guy? Going out and having some fun? Everything doesn’t have to be so serious.”

“Says the woman who sees every man as a potential husband,” Renee quipped.

Nicky rolled her eyes. “We’re supposed to be being nice and constructive. Remember?”

“You called my husband Satan,” Renee said.

“Okay, fine. My end game is finding a husband, but I still enjoy myself in the meantime, and I don’t try to force a relationship out of every encounter I have with a man.” She turned to me. “When was the last time you went out and had a good time, Angie?”

I shrugged.

“Never! You met those two butt cracks and instantly fell into a relationship. You’re attractive, successful, and sort of famous. You should be enjoying life, not—”

Nicky was cut off by a young lady who approached our table and asked to take a picture with me, screaming, “It’s 4C Angie!” so loudly, I was afraid we’d get kicked out of the place. As I stood from my seat and posed for our ussie, I couldn’t get Nicky’s words out of my head. Her crazy butt was actually making sense for once.

“See,” Nicky said once the three of us were alone at the table again. “You got too much going for yourself to stay up in that house watching YouTube all the time. You’ve gotta start living, sis.”

All I could say in response was, “Yeah, I know.”

Renee poked me. “So you’re actually taking advice from her?”

I gave her a sheepish look. “I can’t deny that I’m lonely, Nay. I’ve been avoiding relationships, but I think Nicky is right. I’ve been looking at things wrong. The problem is, I’ve been running from men for so long, I wouldn’t know where to start with this dating thing.”

“Start right next door with your fine tenant!” Nicky suggested.

I shook my head. “That’s business, and you know I don’t mess around like that when it comes to business.”

As the waitress placed our food before us, Nicky said, “All right, let me handle it for you. Be sure to go out and buy you a nice outfit. I’m gonna get you a date for Saturday night. I have just the guy in mind.”

“Please, none of your leftovers,” I said.

“Girl, I might be a ho’, but I have scruples. I wouldn’t do that.”

“Thank God,” Renee said.



*****



Nicky fixed me up with one of her professors, a thirty-six-year-old man named Dr. Harrison Fletcher who taught graphic design, a class she didn’t need for her degree but was taking basically because she felt like it. She sent me a picture she took during class in a text message informing me that he was going to give me a call that same night after our lunch. He was nice, a little on the quiet side, handsome (according to his picture), and eager to meet me. Nicky said she’d shown him a picture of me, so at least I knew he wasn’t expecting Nicky Strickland 2.0. My sister’s tiny body screamed sex toy while mine shouted grown woman.

He suggested we go to a jazz club called Coda, a new place I’d never been to, because I’d basically been nowhere since my break from Khalil. Who the hell was I kidding? I barely went anywhere with him when we were together as he was not only tacky and cheap, but also extremely thoughtless.

Anyway, Harrison sold the idea of going to the club when he told me about their killer menu, so I agreed to meet him there rather than letting him pick me up since I didn’t know him.

When I texted Nicky to let her know we were going out, she replied with: Yessssss! Now I can only hope it leads to a good, steamy one-night-stand. Every girl needs to experience one of those.

Rolling my eyes, I responded with: U need help, baby sis. Serious help.

I really wondered if her brain was able to function above vagina-level.

I spent Friday morning washing and twisting my hair. That afternoon was spent shopping for an outfit that was conservatively sexy. Something that accentuated my femininity without giving the impression that I was loose. After perusing three stores, I found a gorgeous strapless black maxi dress that made me look like a goddess. I already had the perfect pair of black shoes and some silver jewelry that would go great with it. Now all I had to do was hope the anxiety I was experiencing at the thought of actually going out with a man wouldn’t overtake me and cause me to back out.





7





When I arrived at the club, Harrison was standing outside near the entrance waiting for me, wearing brown slacks and a light orange dress shirt. He was tall, wore his thick hair in dreadlocks, and sported a full beard and glasses. I could almost feel his nervousness in the air as I approached, but once I smiled at him, he returned it with a warm one of his own, taking my hand and leading me into the building.

Inside, we took our seats, ordered drinks, and chatted about little benign things like the ridiculously high pollen count and a recent storm system that had swept through the southern half of the nation. Once our drinks were delivered and we’d placed our food orders, we delved a little deeper with our conversation. I shared the ins and out of YouTuber life, and he told me all about graphic design and his love of typography. The evening was going well, and it honestly felt fantastic to just be spending time with a man whose goal in life wasn’t to rip my soul from me and leave me lying in the middle of the busiest street in the city writhing in pain.

But as pleasantly as the evening was progressing, I couldn’t shake the feeling that we were being watched. I could feel eyes on me, damn near gazing through me. I wanted to turn and see who it was, but didn’t for fear that it was Benny or Khalil, because I was in such a good mood, I didn’t want one of them to ruin it for me. Hell, they’d ruined enough, more than enough. I’d let them ruin enough, had spent years running from having a real life because of them, so no, I wouldn’t even toss a glance at whichever one of them was searing a hole into the exposed skin of my shoulders. As a matter of fact, I smiled and grinned and laughed like Harrison was the most charming and enigmatic man I’d ever met. I mean, I put on a real live show in that club. When the evening ended, as we were leaving, I finally chanced a glance around the dim room, seeing no familiar faces.





I saw her when she entered the club. From my vantage point at the bar, I actually had a perfect view of the patrons trickling into the place. I was waiting for Alexis, hoping for a repeat of what we shared the first night we met, but it was Ms. Strickland who captured and held my attention from the moment she entered the room and took a seat maybe ten feet away from me. She was with a man who looked like the thought of an all-night Minecraft tournament would be the highlight of his year—clean-cut, nice, and boring as hell.

She could do so much better, I thought.

She was gorgeous, and the uncovered cinnamon-brown skin of her shoulders and upper back looked soft, silken, and made me lick my lips and smile. Up until that point, I’d only ever seen her in jeans and t-shirts. Tonight, she was stunning.

“I bet Urkel’s ass has no clue what to do with her,” I mumbled. But I did. Images of what I could do to her flashed before me, and I thought, damn shame she’s my landlord.

Truly a damn shame.

Poindexter said something, and she threw her head back in laughter. I smirked. I supposed she liked him. Maybe she was just into geeks. I shrugged and raised my glass to get the bartender’s attention. Seconds later, I was throwing back my whiskey, my eyes still on Ms. Strickland’s back, traveling up to the thick hair that covered her head. I imagined sinking my fingers in it while she—

“Hey, you been waiting long?”

I looked up and smiled at Alexis, relieved she’d finally made it, because my landlord had me hard as a brick, and admittedly, a little frustrated, but rules were rules. Touching her would complicate my life. I didn’t deal well with complications, so I just avoided them. And from the looks of things, I wasn’t her type anyway. Wait a minute. Of course I was her type. I was every woman’s type.

“No, not long,” I replied, giving Alexis my full attention.

“Good. My babysitter was late.”

“I see. Well, I’m glad you still made it. Ready to go? I know I am.” I leaned in close to her and nuzzled her neck. She smelled good enough to eat. If she plays her cards right, that just might happen, too.

She giggled. “Mm, let me get one drink and then we can head out.”

“Great, already got us a room at the Kingston Inn.”

“You know, we could just go to your place, save some money…”

Shit, she moved faster than I anticipated. I had hoped she wouldn’t try to find out where I lived until we’d been together at least twice. See, another one of my rules was to never divulge my address. This was going to have to be my last night with Alexis.

Another damn shame.

I watched her sip on a drink, and when she finally indicated she was ready to leave, I smiled and took her hand, letting my eyes shift back to Ms. Strickland and her shoulders for only a second as I exited the club.





8





“So you had a good time with Professor Fletcher, huh?” Nicky asked, as I led her into my living room.

I watched her plop down on my sofa and gave her a smile. “Yeah, how’d you know?”

“He had a little pep in his step this morning.”

It was Monday afternoon and since our date on Saturday, we’d met for coffee on Sunday and made plans to attend the Jesse Boykins III concert at the Regal Amphitheater together on the following Friday. I relayed all of this to Nicky and in response, she sighed.

“You just can’t help it, can you?”

I frowned. “Help what?”

“You are exactly one date away from being in a relationship with a man you just met! I mean, really, Ang? Really? This is exactly how you ended up with Benny and Khalil!”

“I like him. What am I supposed to do? Just stop seeing him?”

She leaned forward, carefully enunciating every word as if each was foreign to me. “You’re supposed to be dating. Like, more than one guy.”

“You had to fix me up with Harrison. How am I supposed to find another guy to go out with?”

“Sis! You’re an attractive woman. You have a nice body. You gonna sit there and tell me guys don’t approach you—oh, wait, your ass is a hermit. I forgot.”

I lifted a brow. “I actually leave home quite often.”

“I know. You frequent several drive-thrus, and I bet when you do happen to go into a public place, you’re wearing that scowl you always wear. Poor guys are probably afraid to even approach you.”

I frowned. “What scowl?”

“That one! The one you’re wearing now. That ‘do not approach me, I’m not interested’ scowl.”

I pursed my lips. “Whatever.”

“Here’s your mission: go somewhere, anywhere, and smile and be friendly. I bet some guy approaches you.”

“And stop seeing Harrison?”

“At least put more days between your dates with him. Sheesh!”

I opened my mouth to reply, but a knock at my front door halted me. Nicky’s eyes were glued to me as I stood and checked the peephole. Glancing at her, I opened the door and smiled at him. “Hi,” I said.

“Hi, um…the mailman stuck some of your mail in my box,” he said, holding up a couple of envelopes.

“Oh, thank you. It happens from time to time. I’ll probably be bringing you your misplaced mail sooner or later.”

Ryan Boyé’s eyes sparkled. “Well, at least you know where I live.”

“Yeah, off early today?” I asked for some unknown reason. I guess I just wanted an excuse to look at him a little longer, and of course, to hear his voice.

“Angie, you could let the man in instead of interrogating him in your doorway,” Nicky called from behind me.

“Oh, yeah. I’m being rude. Wanna come in?” I asked.

With a smile, he replied, “Sure.”

He took a seat in the accent chair I had vacated, and I sat next to Nicky on the sofa. “Mr. Boyé, this is my sister, Nicole. Nicky, this is my new tenant, Ryan Boyé.”

“Pleasure to meet you,” he said, standing to shake Nicky’s hand.

“Oooh, nice accent. Louisiana, right?” Nicky flirted.

He gave her a lopsided grin. “Yes.”

“Hmm,” Nicky said, eyeing him like a shark would a school of tiny fish.

“So, I hope you don’t mind me asking, but what exactly is it that you do at Sable Inc.? Like, what does Project Oversight Manager mean?” I asked, hoping to ease any awkwardness Nicky’s appraisal might’ve been causing. Her eyes were glued to the man!

“It means I oversee any new projects the company’s hospitality division undertakes. Here, we’re refurbishing that old Covington Inn building out by the train station. A local business-owner has purchased a Sable Inn franchise from us to be housed there, and it’s my job to offer support to the franchisee with everything from securing contracts with vendors to training staff. Basically, my main purpose here is to ensure that the hotel meets our standards so that when it opens, the guests will know without a doubt that they’ve stepped into a Sable Inn.”

“Oh, wow. That sounds really interesting. How long have you been doing that?” I asked.

“We just began our foray into the hospitality industry two years ago. Before that, I oversaw other projects like the establishment of satellite offices, and for a short while, I handled our grocery store chain franchises. It’s a great job. I get to travel the world. I love it.”

“Travel the world? I’m sure I would love that, too,” I said.

“Girl, please! You have the best job in the world, and you have great opportunities to travel.” Nicky turned to Ryan. “You know, my sister’s a YouTube celebrity, a hair vlogger. She gets invited to hair and beauty events all the time. She was even invited to Paris. If I could just get her to go somewhere…”

I shook my head. “Don’t mind my sister. She loves to exaggerate.”

“Yeah, right!” Nicky shot back.

“I had no idea you were a vlogger. Now, that’s interesting,” Ryan said, his eyes glued to me.

I shrugged. “It’s no big deal.”

“How’d you get started with that?” he asked, seeming genuinely interested.

I leaned back and smiled. “Well, a few years back, I had just done the big chop, you know, cut my permed hair off to go natural? And I was between jobs, home bored one day when I decided to document my hair journey on video and upload it to YouTube like I’d seen other people doing, and to my surprise, I became popular pretty fast. Started out using my cell phone and eventually got a digital camera and some studio lights, and the rest is history. I became 4C Angie.”

“Wow, that’s incredible!”

“It really is. Well, I’ve gotta go or I’ll be late for my next class,” Nicky announced, hopping to her feet. “Don’t get up.” She kissed my cheek and waved to Ryan as she breezed past him. “Nice to meet you.”

“Yes, same here,” he said to her, but his eyes were still on me.

I dropped my gaze after she closed the door behind her, unsure of what to do or say now that I was alone with him. When I looked up to see him still staring at me, I felt a familiar sense of anxiety.

Finally, he said, “I saw you at Coda the other night. You’re a jazz lover?”

My mouth dropped open only a little, but I’m sure the surprise was written all over the rest of my face. “You were there? I didn’t see you.”

“Yes, I was there. Nice place, right?”

I nodded. It was his eyes that were burning a hole in my back that night. I was sure of that, because they were burning a hole in my front at that very moment. His gaze was scorching me. The nice, personable, aw-shucks smile was gone. Mr. Boyé was drinking me in with his eyes like a predator would its prey, and the shift in the atmosphere made the skin over my chest tighten. I was attracted to him, and it appeared he was attracted to me, too, but he was my tenant. He was business, and he had to be a dog. He just had to be.

“Uh…” I began, fervently searching my mind for something to say, an out.

He abruptly stood, and that innocent smile of his returned. “I should go. Uh…I-um, I’ll see you around.”

I followed him the few steps to my front door, and as I watched him leave, said, “Yeah.”





9





The hell is wrong with me? Sitting up there in that woman’s house staring at her like I had no control over my own eyes. It wasn’t like she was half-naked or something. She was sitting there in jeans and a t-shirt, her head covered with a black scarf. No make-up, just her pretty face wearing an interested look as I told her about my job, but still, I couldn’t take my eyes off of her no matter how hard I tried. It was like some kind of magnetic force or something. Hell, I couldn’t tell you what her sister looked like even if someone had a gun pointed at me demanding that I describe her. I barely glanced at her, because just like in that club, Ms. Strickland commanded and held my attention.

What the fuck?

Yeah, I was attracted to her, but she was fine, so it was a given that I’d be attracted to her. But this, this thing that was going on in my head when I was around her? It was more than attraction. Shit, it was bordering on obsession, because there I was, sitting in my temporary office with the door closed, paperwork covering my desk, my phone buzzing in my pocket, with my mind focused on her, and only her.

It had to be the fact that I’d deemed her off limits. The whole forbidden fruit thing must’ve been driving me crazy because of her proximity to me. It was one thing to dismiss her. It was another thing to dismiss her and still have to see her nearly every day—sitting on the front porch drinking her coffee, or walking past her living room window in her short pajamas with the blinds open, or walking to her car, or shit, me lying in my bed at night fully aware that she was just feet away from me in her bed.

Damn-it! I was losing my entire mind and I didn’t even really know this woman!

I rubbed my forehead and stared at the paperwork, then shook my head and pulled my phone from my pocket, relieved to see my friend, KC’s, name on the screen. If I couldn’t focus on the paperwork, I definitely wasn’t going to be able to focus on a business-related phone call.

“Hey…wassup, KC?” I mumbled into the phone after accepting the call.

“Damn, wassup with you? Why you sounding like you lost your last dollar or something?”

“Man, just got a lot on my mind…what’s up with you? How’s Sarita and the baby?”

“They’re good. I’ll tell her you asked about her. Hey, the project going bad or something? I mean, what’s going on?”

I sighed. “I don’t know…”

“Aw, hell naw! It’s a woman, isn’t it? The player done got played?”

“Be for real, man. You know better than that.”

“But it’s a woman that’s got your head all messed up, isn’t it?”

“Naw…”

“Bullshit! Come on, man. We been boys for how long now? And you think you can fool me? You’re messed up over some chick, and because you’ve never been messed up over one before, your ass is all perplexed and shit. Hell, you sound confused.”

I glanced at the closed office door and rested my elbows on my desk. “Okay, it’s a woman, but it’s not what you think. I mean, I’m not messing with her or anything.”

“But you want to?”

“Yeah…”

“But you’re not?”

“Right…”

“Why? She married?”

“No.”

“A lesbian?”

“Naw, I don’t think so.”

“Well, what then?”

“She’s my landlord.”

“Oh, and you think once you mess over her, she’ll kick you out of your place or something?”

“Yeah, or let me stay there and make my life a living hell. It’s a duplex apartment, and she lives in the other apartment attached to mine.”

KC let out a low whistle. “I see your point. She fine, though?”

“Man, let me tell you!”

“I don’t know. Ry. You gonna be able to hold out? I mean, I ain’t never known you to pass up on a fine woman.”

“I don’t even know. It’s hard, and she’s got this lame-ass boyfriend. He probably ain’t even hitting that right. The things I could do to her…”

“Same old Ryan. What if she doesn’t want you to do anything to her?”

“Are you serious?”

He laughed into the phone. “Man, you and that ego. That landlord just might be the one to shut your conceited ass down.”

I laughed. “Married life has messed your brain up. No woman has ever shut me down, and no woman ever will.”

“Okay, okay. Look, man, go ahead and get with her, just don’t mess up and you should be fine.”

“Don’t mess up? What am I supposed to do? Have an actual relationship with her? I’m only here for five more months, and you know I don’t do relationships. The thought of that shit alone suffocates me.”

“I don’t know. If she’s got you this messed up in the head, maybe she’s the one.”

“Oh, hell no! Now you’re trying to recruit me into that little bondage club you’re in just because you married Sarita and y’all got a kid now. Man, back up with that. I’ma be single until I die!”

“All right, man. Whatever. I gotta get on back in the office. My lunch break is over. Holler at you later.”

“Yeah.”



*****





She went on another date that Friday night. I know that, because she knocked on my door around 8:00 PM wearing a turquoise dress and heels, her thick hair pulled back in a bun. She was smiling, delivering some of my mail that ended up in her box to me. I smiled back, took the mail, and watched the sway of her ass as she walked away, the intoxicating floral scent of her perfume still occupying the air outside my door.

I was in a bad mood from that moment on, kept wondering if she was out with that lame-ass dude again. Then I started wondering why I was so mad about how she spent her time. After all, she wasn’t my woman.

Maybe she should be.

I shook my head, left my couch, and headed into my kitchen. I must’ve needed a damn drink if crazy stuff like that was just popping in my head.

I was out of the only liquor I had in my place, a bottle of bourbon.

Shit.

I slumped back onto the sofa and stared at the TV. I wasn’t in the mood to go to a liquor store. What I was in the mood for was sex, but I’d broken things off with Alexis, and by broke them off, I mean I stopped answering her calls. But right at that moment, I wanted to call her and set something up. Shoot, I was almost willing to give her my address if it meant I could get my mind off of Angela Strickland and those legs of hers. And her ass? It was the kind of ass that made white girls get silicone injections—firm, round…

Or maybe I could call Lori or Lorna or whatever her name was. We met at a coffee shop a couple of days after I last saw Alexis and hooked up that same night, but I lost interest in her after that and had been ignoring her calls, too. Then there was this chick I met on my first flight to Tennessee and screwed in her car in long-term parking, but I couldn’t remember her name and didn’t bother to get her number.

I sat up straight, blew out a frustrated breath, and let my eyes shift to the wall that our living rooms shared. If she had been home instead of out with whoever, I might have gone over there and made something happen. But as it stood, she was gone, and there I sat with her on my mind. And honestly, all that stuff about hooking up with Alexis again, or anyone else, was bullshit. I didn’t want any other woman…except for Ms. Strickland.

And I wanted her bad.





10





The concert was excellent, and so was Harrison’s company. I was glad I’d taken Nicky shopping with me that morning, because the turquoise dress was her idea, and with the way it fit me, I turned plenty of heads and had Harrison’s rapt attention throughout the night. One almost would’ve thought I was the main attraction rather than the skilled R&B crooner. The evening was so nice, full of good music and good vibes, that I virtually floated from my car to my front door and entered my living room with a little twirl. Nicky’s backwards ass was right. This was fun. This was living. Going out and being appreciated by a man just for being myself. Expecting nothing from him and having no expectations attached to my company. Maybe I would try dating another guy. From what I could tell, this dating game wasn’t half bad after all.

I was in my bedroom, dress pulled down from my upper body and bunched up around my waist as I sat on my bed and kicked my heels off. I smiled at my reflection in the dresser mirror, at the way the black-laced edge of my push-up bra framed my breasts, tilted my head to the side and studied my neck, the flawless brown skin of my chest and face.

I was beautiful. Maybe not the most beautiful woman in the world, but I was beautiful. Putting so much stock in how my exes treated me had erased that truth from my mind. I made a vow to myself at that moment to never forget that, to never deny my own beauty again, and to never ever attach my self-worth to how someone else treated me.

I slipped all the way out of my clothes and hopped in the shower, relishing in the hot water pouring over me as I lathered my skin with my favorite plumeria-scented body wash. About thirty minutes later, I’d pulled on my favorite old night shirt and climbed into bed, was on my way to La La Land when the sound of thumping bass jolted me out of my semi-slumber. More than a little disoriented, I rolled over, trying to figure out what was going on, what I was hearing, and why I was hearing it. Then it occurred to me.

Ryan Boyé.

I closed my eyes and sighed, grabbed my cell phone from the bedside table, and checked the time—1:00 AM. Really? Was this negro really blasting music at this time of night or morning or whatever?

Shit.

And things were going so well.

I sat up and tried to mentally will this fool to turn his music down, because I really did not feel like having to walk over there and beat on his door to get him to do something his grown ass should’ve had sense enough to do anyway.

I waited for five whole minutes. I waited as the music thumped and the picture frame on my dresser vibrated, growing angrier by the second. I could’ve called him, but bump that. Instead, I stood up, released a frustrated groan, and threw a robe on over my night shirt. Barefoot and pissed the hell off, I left my place and stalked to his door, beating on it like I was the chief of police.

No answer.

Oh, hell no!

I kicked the door, and yelled, “Hey!”

The music stopped, and less than a minute later, the front door eased open to reveal a heavy-lidded Ryan Boyé, shirtless in a pair of red briefs, and from the looks of things, I had interrupted something or had awakened him from a very steamy dream, because ole boy was standing at attention. All of the moisture in my mouth traveled to my core. I shifted my weight on my feet and tore my eyes away from his groin, letting them amble over his muscular stomach and chest and finally settle on his eyes.

He raised his eyebrows. “Yes?”

“Uh-um-uh…your-the music…”

His eyes flickered with recognition. “Oh, man. Did it wake you? I was listening to it and fell asleep and must’ve rolled over on the stereo remote.”

“Oh…didn’t it wake you? It was loud for a few minutes there.”

He reached up and rested his hand on the back of his head. “Yeah, I was kinda out of it. Took me a minute or so to find the remote. I didn’t realize it was under me.”

“Oh, okay. Well, um…just try to keep it down. The neighbors don’t mind calling the police.”

“Yeah, yeah…sorry, again.”

“No problem.”



*****



“…so now he says I can stay until I finish this degree. I’m so relieved.”

Nicky’s words were clear to me, but I just couldn’t focus on them. It’d been three days since the whole loud-music-Ryan-in-his-underwear thing, and my mind was still twisted in knots. My body still reacted to the mere thought of seeing him like that—tall, beautiful, aroused. Aroused for who? Was there someone in there reaping the benefits of what The Maker had so generously gifted him with that night? It really didn’t matter if there was. All that mattered was the singular thought that had plagued my mind since that night.

I wish it was me.

I watched Nicky’s mouth move, and I nodded my head when I saw her raise her eyebrows. I had no idea what I was agreeing to, but my reaction must’ve been appropriate or at least to her satisfaction, because she gave me a smile in return.

I had finally called my mother, took her request for her and Daddy’s anniversary menu, and Nicky was in my kitchen helping me prepare baked ham, macaroni and cheese, green bean casserole and yeast rolls—all my father’s favorites, because that was just what my mom did. She catered to my father, waited on him hand and foot, never argued or disagreed with him, and in return, he took very good care of her. He owned two huge car lots here in town, with other lots all over Tennessee. Daddy was rich and generous. Me and Renee and Nicky and our mother had never wanted for anything…except his time and attention.

And that was why I was impossibly attracted to the wrong types of men, and Renee was married to the wrong man, and Nicky was a ho’. We had all tried, and were still trying, to fill the void of having a father who basically shared an address with us only on his driver’s license. The man was always gone. Always. And when he was home, we all fell over each other vying for his attention. Looking back on my childhood and upbringing, it was actually full of sadness punctuated by instances of happiness, but those instances never involved Daddy. He missed them, and that hurt.

It hurt, because it wasn’t like he was a doctor out saving lives or a soldier deployed overseas. The man sold cars. Car lots close at a certain time of day. His absence was intentional. We all knew it, though we never said it. And we also knew he had other women, likely other families. And that hurt, too. But Mama accepted it, lived life on his terms, and out of respect for her, so did me and Renee and Nicky.

“Angie!” Nicky shouted, her hands on her tiny, barely-there hips. She gave me an impatient look, as if she’d been trying to get my attention for a while. She probably had, because my mind and focus had been everywhere but there in my kitchen with her.

“Huh?” I asked, shifting my eyes from her to the ham I’d been preparing to put in the oven.

“I said, do you think the rolls are done?”

I blinked once, twice, then finally said, “Let me see.”

I checked the rolls, finding them a nice golden brown, and slid them out of the oven. When I turned around, Nicky was staring at me.

“You okay?” she asked.

I shrugged. “Tired, I guess. Been making a lot of videos, doing a lot of editing. I think I wore myself out.” It wasn’t a lie. I had been working hard. But I’d also found it hard to sleep, because my mind kept filling with thoughts of Ryan Boyé and his penis.

“Everything else is ready for the oven, right? I’ll watch the food. Go lie down,” she suggested.

I didn’t protest.

I managed to fall asleep pretty quickly, and four hours later, woke to my house smelling like a holiday gathering. My sister was gone, having put all the food in the refrigerator. She’d also left a note and my mail on the coffee table in the living room.

I sat down and sifted through the mail, most of which was Ryan’s. I sighed. The mailman was really going to have to get his act together, because the last thing I needed was to have to face that man again.

I sat there for ten minutes before deciding to just put his mail in his mailbox. Peeking out the window, I found his driveway empty and smiled. Good, he wasn’t home, so now was the best time. I slipped on a pair of thong sandals and eased out my front door, damn near threw his mail in his mailbox and almost fell off the porch when his door swung open.

Shit, shit, shit!

I stood there like a deer in headlights as he stepped out of his apartment. At least he had on clothes this time, and he wasn’t aroused as far as I could tell, but he was still…him. He was still beautiful, and I still wanted him.

“Hey,” he softly said.

“Uh…your mail,” was all I managed to say.

He frowned. “What about my mail?”

“Some of it was in my box. I put it in yours.”

“Oh, you were just gonna leave it without saying hello?”

Warmth invaded my cheeks. “Your car…I thought you were gone.”

“There was a car in my driveway when I got home. I parked on the street.”

I turned my head and there it was, right on the street. “Oh, I bet that was my sister’s car. Sorry about that. I guess she thought she’d be gone before you got home.”

“It’s all right. Hey, I feel like I owe you for the whole loud music thing the other night. I ordered a huge pizza. Wanna share it with me?”

I wanted to share more than a pizza. Way more. But I shook my head. “No, thank you.”

He shrugged. “Suit yourself.”

I turned to leave and had barely taken a step when he said, “Thanks for bringing my mail over, Angela.”

I spun around at the sound of my name coming from his mouth. It wasn’t that I minded us being on a first name basis, it was the way he said it, the way it floated on that accent of his. And when I looked at him, his eyes made me feel naked.

I dropped my gaze. “You’re welcome.”

“You sure you don’t want some pizza?”

I wasn’t sure of a damn thing. So I just stood there.

“It’s meat lovers, deep dish.” He tilted his head and grinned. “You know you want some.”

Heat swarmed my core as I stared at those delicious-looking lips. Oh, I wanted some. I really, really wanted some. “Yeah, I’ll join you,” rushed from my mouth, and I wondered where those words had come from and how they’d managed to escape from my mouth without my permission.

I followed him inside the familiar living room, where a pizza box sat on his huge marble-topped coffee table. Dropping into an overstuffed leather easy chair, I let my eyes roam the room while he ducked into the kitchen to grab a couple of plates. Clean, but not obsessively neat. Nice, expensive-looking furniture, an open laptop sitting on the sofa, his cell phone lying face down on the table next to the pizza box. The walls were bare, and it smelled of a combination of the pizza and his cologne. I closed my eyes and tried to will the ever-present image of him in his underwear away. When I opened them, I asked myself what I was doing there. It’d literally been years since I was with a man intimately, and sitting there was dangerous. He was attracted to me. I’d felt his attraction before, and I was definitely attracted to him. I needed to leave before my needy body overcame what little common sense I was managing to hold on to. Just as I stood, he walked back in with the plates and a couple of bottles of water.

“Uh, maybe I should go,” I said.

He stopped in his tracks. “Why? I thought you wanted pizza.”

Unable to find a response, I reclaimed my seat in silence. You keep acting like a nut, you won’t have to worry about him wanting to sleep with you. “Uh…is this your furniture? I mean, did you bring it with you from…”

“Houston.”

“Right. Houston?”

“No, it’s leased, just like my vehicle.”

“Oh…you still have a place back there?”

“Yeah.”

I wrung my hands in my lap and focused my attention on the floor, not noticing that he was trying to hand me a plate.

“You okay?” he asked, setting the plate on the coffee table.

I shook my head and scoffed. “Honestly, not at all. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. Just…I don’t know.”

“You look stressed. Been working hard?”

I nodded as I looked up at him. Working hard at trying not to think about you.

He smiled down at me. “Come in the kitchen and let me see if I can help you.”

I frowned but stood and followed him, wondering to myself what he was planning to do. Relax me with food?

He pulled a chair out from the kitchen table. “Have a seat.”

I did, and watched as he moved to the right of the chair I occupied, towering over me. He raised his hands, wiggled his fingers, and said, “I’m good with massages. You mind?”

I shrugged. “Go ahead.”

I closed my eyes, and when his hands rested on my shoulders, warmth penetrating the cloth of my t-shirt, I flinched a little. “Sorry,” I mumbled.

“Man, you’re really tense.” He kneaded my shoulders, his hands strong and gentle at the same time, causing me to seemingly sink into the wooden chair.

“That’s it. See, you’re relaxing already.”

I let my head loll forward. “Yeah…”

He massaged my shoulders another minute before gently pushing against my back, encouraging me to lean forward, and then used his thumbs to rub circles into my back. I sighed softly. His hands did feel good, very good, so when he lifted my shirt and his warm hands met my flesh, I didn’t protest. I just rested my arms on the table and my head on my arms as he continued rubbing circles into my skin. Then I felt his lips on my back.

I sat up straight, stiffening my posture. Standing from the chair, I turned to face him. “What are you doing?”

“Trying to make you feel good. Don’t you wanna feel good, Angela? Don’t you want me to make you feel good?” he asked in a huskier version of that voice that made me melt. His eyes were glued to mine in an intense stare. I saw the desire there, and once again, felt heat and moisture rush between my legs. I was throbbing down there. It had been so long…

“What are you talking about?” I only said that because I honestly couldn’t think of anything else to say, laced my words with anger because I was mad at myself for absolutely wanting him to make me feel good.

He reached down and pushed the chair away, closing the space between us so that my face was only centimeters from his chest. “You don’t know what I’m talking about? You sure?” He lowered his head so that his lips just barely touched mine. A tiny sound escaped my mouth before I clamped it shut.

It’s been so long.

Too long.

Three years…

“I…I…Mr. Boyé, I don’t think—”

“But you are thinking. That’s the problem.” He cupped my face in his hands and locked his eyes on mine. “You need to stop thinking so damn much.”

His mouth covered mine before I could utter another word, his tongue sliding across my lips. I responded by opening my mouth and welcoming it inside. His tongue caressed mine, my face still in his strong hands. Then he moved his hands to my shoulders and my arms before they left my body for a moment and then found my back, where he eased them under my shirt and rubbed them up and down my warm flesh, sending ripples of deep yearning through me, moaning into my mouth and making my mind race almost as wildly as my heart.

His hands slid down to my ass, gripping it as he turned his head and deepened the kiss. A moment later, his lips left mine, and he whispered, “You taste so sweet.”

My answer was to close my eyes, lean in, and kiss him, wrapping my arms around him, expecting him to wrap his around me. Instead, I felt him grasp both sides of my waist and lift me onto the table, our mouths still connected. My eyes popped open, but closed again as he continued to kiss my breath away. Then one of his hands returned to my body, sliding into the front of my jogging pants, into my panties…to my naked core.

I gasped as he began to caress my clit with expert precision. Our tongues were still intermingled as I grabbed his shirt and screamed into his mouth. Two long-term relationships equaling a combined total of eleven years, and I had never, ever felt anything so intense, so terrifyingly, uncontrollably good. With every stroke of his finger, it felt as if he was unraveling a strand of my sanity and I feared when he was finished with me, I’d be completely undone.

But I couldn’t stop him.

I didn’t want to.

I wanted to ride this wave of ecstasy to the end. I wanted the swell of pressure inside of me to be released. But conversely, I wanted the tension to continue building forever, because it felt so unbelievably good.

He slid a finger inside of me. This time I managed to reclaim my mouth and screamed out loud. I looked up at the intensity in his gaze and buried my face in his chest. “Ryan...Ryan...Ryan,” I muttered. Then finally, I exploded, shuddering as I held onto him for dear life. I leaned into him, breathing heaving breaths, heard him say, “I’m sorry.”

I looked up and into his eyes to see that the expression on his face had transformed from one shadowed with lust to one covered in embarrassment, as if he hadn’t meant for things to go this far. Relief flooded me. I wanted him, but knew we were headed somewhere I wasn’t quite ready to go just yet. Not yet. Not with him or anyone else. But the relief didn’t temper the heat and desire that coated every part of my body.

I was sated and satisfied, thanks to him. I didn’t need him, but I damn sure wanted him.

“I-I’m sorry. This isn’t right. I shouldn’t have…I’m sorry,” he said.

I shook my head and began sliding down from the table. As he grabbed my hand to help me, I said, “It’s okay. I’ll…I’ll just go.”

He gave me a look that told me he wanted me to go almost as much as he wanted me to stay. “I really don’t want you to go,” he said, as he reached up and dragged his hand over his face. He looked downright confused, like he wasn’t quite sure what to say or how to feel.

“It’s all right, really. Rain check on the pizza?” I offered him a smile.

He nodded, said, “Okay,” and then walked me to my door. I made my way to my bedroom on weak legs and collapsed into bed, not giving a second thought to the fact that I’d had no dinner.





11





Something was seriously wrong with me.

It was like my mind was slipping away from me, and I couldn’t figure out how to get it back to normal. I just didn’t do shit like the stuff I’d been doing. Shit like, blasting music and putting my own mail in her mailbox. Crazy, stalker, high school, stupid-ass kid shit, but I needed to get her attention even if I had no idea why. The thing is, I was desperate that night I blasted the music. Hell, I didn’t even like the damn song. I had sat on my couch all night thinking about her, got turned on, and after I knew she was home, couldn’t think of anything but getting her to come over. My plan was to convince her to come in, but she was mad as hell and rightfully so. That, plus the fact that some of my common sense kicked in made me make up that story and let her go.

The mail thing? I don’t even know where that came from other than it was a convenient way to get her over to my place again, but that almost didn’t work, wouldn’t have worked if I hadn’t been watching for her. And once I got her right where I wanted her, my damn conscience, a part of me that I didn’t even know existed, started knocking me upside my head, telling me it was wrong to play with her. Well, actually, playing with her, or rather pleasing her, felt good and right. It was her reaction to it that messed my head up—the way she gasped, screamed, hid her face in my chest. It all turned me on, but it also told me she’d never been pleased like that before and that it would’ve been wrong to take things further under those pretenses. As much as it pained me to admit it, I fully realized that Angela Strickland wasn’t someone to be used. She deserved more. I wanted to give her more. I wanted to get to know her, court her. I wanted her to get to know me, too. And then, I could have her, really have her.

Shit, none of this made any sense and I had no idea where these thoughts and feelings were coming from.

I was seriously losing it.

I adjusted in my seat at the table as I recalled her sticky heat, how good my fingers felt inside of her. I was looking at the franchisee sitting across the table from me, but not focused on her words. This business lunch was being preempted by Angela Strickland, and she wasn’t even there in the flesh, but the sights, sounds, scents, and sensations associated with her were present in force, taking over the meeting.

“What do you think, Ryan?” the franchisee asked.

I stared at her for a second before saying, “Audrey, will you excuse me for a moment?”

She frowned slightly, nodded, and said, “Sure.”

I first headed to the restroom, then changed my mind and stepped outside the restaurant where I scrolled through my phone until I found her number.

“Hello?”

I held the phone for a second as my heart jumped at the sound of her voice. That never happened. What was she doing to me?

“Hello? Mr. Boyé?”

“You know you can call me Ryan. You did last night.”

Silence.

Shit, wrong approach.

“Um…yeah, I did, didn’t I?” she admitted.

“Yeah, look…I wanted to apologize again for the way I acted last night. I’m, uh, I like you.” I was losing more and more player points by the second!

“It’s all right, really. I…enjoyed it.”

There went my dick. Hard as a damn rock. “Did you?”

“Yes.”

“Angela—It’s okay to call you Angela?”

“Sure, since you’ve already called me that several times.”

“Sorry about that, too.”

“No worries.”

“Angela, would you like to go out with me, like on a date? I’d like to get to know you, really get to know you.”

After a few seconds of silence, she said, “I’d love to, but I don’t think we should do that.”

What?

“I like to keep business separate from my social life, and since you’re my tenant, you’re business to me.”

The fuck?!

She was curving me? ME? That shit never happened. NEVER!

“I’m sorry I let things go so far last night, but I am attracted to you. I can’t deny that,” she continued.

I finally found my voice, and said, “Wow, okay. I guess I’ll see you around then.”

“I’m sorry…”

“No need to apologize. You’re right. Mixing business and pleasure never works out. So, I’ll let you go. Won’t bother you again.”

“Ryan—”

I hung up. I wasn’t trying to hear another damn word. I headed back to the table, and this time, gave the middle-aged woman my full attention. “You were saying?”





12





I wasn’t looking forward to pretending we were one big happy family or acting like my parents’ marriage was something to celebrate, but it was what it was. I’d cooked up all this food, even made a German chocolate cake as an added bonus that morning, and I wasn’t going to let it all go to waste. I’d just do what I always did, paste on a smile and pretend I was happy to be there. I’d pretend we were the damn Huxtables to make my mom happy. She deserved to be happy.

Staring at the foil pans crowding my kitchen counter, I sighed and tried to erase the images of Ryan Boyé’s intense stare from my mind along with the intense pleasure he gave my body. I didn’t get what Nicky had said at first, but there was definitely a distinct difference between pleasing one’s self, and being touched in that way by a man, especially a man as magnetic and beautiful as Ryan. Just the realization that it was his hand touching me had nearly driven me insane. The men of my past had touched me before, but not like that.

Not like that.

I fell into one of my kitchen chairs, fanned myself with my hand, and thought about how hard it had been to reject him, but it was the right thing to do, wasn’t it? Of course it was. We wouldn’t work out. We couldn’t, could we? He seemed nice and everything, but there was that I-only-fall-for-assholes thing. Plus, he was only in town temporarily, and besides, I was supposed to be having fun, not even thinking about relationships. But the way I felt about him, the way he made me feel, a relationship would happen, because once we got together, I already knew I wouldn’t be able to let him go. There was no way I would.

My doorbell rang, quickly pulling me from thoughts of Ryan, and when I answered the door, a huge smile sprung onto my face. “Damon!”

He grinned, leaning over to hug me. “Hey, Angie!”

He followed me into my apartment, and we both sat down. Damon Davis had basically grown up with me and Nicky. He and Nicky were classmates and best friends, and he hung around our house so much, he became like a little brother to me. He was so sweet and shy, I first thought he might’ve been gay, but it didn’t take long for me to see that he had a crush on Nicky. I’m not sure if she ever realized it, though. Back then, he was lanky and awkward, but the person before me was muscular, tall, and had matured into a strikingly handsome man. Ten years had passed since I’d last seen him, and boy had they done him good!

“What a nice surprise! I haven’t seen you in…forever!”

He nodded as he scooted to the edge of my accent chair, rested his elbows on his knees and clasped his hands together. “Yeah, not since I went off to the Navy.”

“You still in service?”

He shook his head. “Nah, been out for a couple of years now. Been living in South Korea, teaching English.”

“Wow! I remember how into Asian culture you always were.”

“Yeah, I love living over there.”

I raised an eyebrow. “You married yet, or are you still waiting on my sister?”

He chuckled. “I’m actually living with a girl from here in the states. She’s a YouTuber like you. Ever heard of Missy Mae?”

“Yeah! I catch her videos from time to time. She’s so cute and funny.”

“She is. She’s how I found out about your videos. She was watching one and I was like, ‘Hey, that’s my big sister!’ And then I had to explain that we’re not really related.”

“But you’re still my brother.”

“Yeah…”

“Man, you caught me just as I was getting ready to head to my parents’ house. It’s their anniversary and guess who’s providing the food?”

“I know it’s you, because if I recall correctly, you were always the best cook in the house, hands down!”

I laughed. “Yeah. I’ve got a ton of food to load into my car.”

“Let me help.”

“Okay. Hey, you should drop by tonight. I know my mom would love to see you. We’re pretty much just having holiday food.”

“Man! I just might do that!”

“And bring Missy with you.”

“Oh, she didn’t come with me. I decided to come visit for a few days but she wasn’t prepared to join me. My mom’s been nagging me about not coming home often enough.”

“Yeah, moms are good for that.”

I hung my dress for the night up in the backseat and closed the door just as Damon shut my trunk. As he walked around the car and drew me into a hug, I heard someone pull into Ryan’s driveway.

I squeezed my play brother tightly before stretching up to kiss his cheek. “See you tonight, lil’ brother?”

“Yeah, I’ll be there. Hey, don’t tell Nicky. I wanna surprise her.”

He might’ve been living with Missy Mae, but he still had it bad for my baby sister.

I climbed into my car, and as I waited for Damon to back out, watched Ryan ascend the steps to his apartment, yank his mail from his mailbox, snatch his door open, and slam it behind him.

I had thought he was a little upset by my rejection. Now I was sure of it. But there was nothing I could do about it since I was expected to play my role in the Strickland Happy Family live production.





Who the fuck was that nigga she was hugging?!

It wasn’t Urkel. This dude actually looked like he possessed an ounce of swag. But who was he? Was he the reason she rejected me? I couldn’t believe this shit! Here I was, offering her me. Me! Women loved me, couldn’t resist my ass. Hell, I could walk into Coda right that minute and pull any woman I wanted. So what was her deal? I didn’t do anything to her but give her a huge-ass orgasm. And from what I felt, she needed it. Shit, I just couldn’t figure her out.

Damn-it!

My phone buzzed, and of course it was KC.

“Hello!”

“Shit, what’s wrong with your ass?”

I tossed my mail onto the coffee table and threw my keys on the floor. “Man, this chick is driving me fucking nuts!”

“Your landlord?”

“Yeah!”

“What’d she do?”

“She won’t go out with me, says because I’m renting this place from her, I’m business and she doesn’t mix business with her social life. You believe that bullshit?”

“Uh, bruh, didn’t you basically say the same thing?”

“Not to her!”

“Okay, okay, but peep this, you thought it. So did she. She just happened to come on out and say it.”

I sat down and rubbed my forehead. “What am I supposed to do, man? I can’t stop thinking about her. And I know she’s feeling me. I know it.”

“Tell her how you feel. Plead your case with her.”

“I ain’t begging her to go out with me, KC. You know that’s not my style. I ain’t never had to beg a woman for shit in my whole life.”

“Who said anything about begging? I said, tell her how you feel. Talk to her. Be real with her. Damn, that’s really a foreign concept to you, isn’t it?”

“How can I do that if she won’t go out with me?”

“Shit, man, you live right next door to her. You don’t have to go out with her to talk to her. Be friendly, take her some coffee, ask if you can sit down and talk to her for a minute. Am I really having to explain this to your grown ass right now?”

I sighed. “Okay, I’ll try that. Thanks, man. Sorry for yelling in the phone and stuff.”

“No problem. You really like her, huh?”

“Yeah, I really think I do.”

KC chuckled into the phone.

“What’s funny?”

“You! After all these years, you finally met someone who makes you lose your cool. That must be some kind of woman. Damn, I wanna meet her.”

“Man, whatever.”





13





My parents lived in a humongous, white Cape Cod-style home with navy shutters flanking the windows. The front door was also navy. They’d purchased this house when I was in seventh grade, Nicky was in fifth, and Renee was a senior in high school, and it still looked as good as it had the day we moved in. As I unlocked the door that led into the kitchen with the key I still possessed, I smiled faintly. Coming home always felt like traveling back in time. The decor was largely the same. Even me and my sisters’ bedrooms held the same furniture, but the personal touches we’d all added—posters, pictures, knick-knacks—were missing.

I called for my mother as I closed the door behind me, heard a distant reply, and figured she was upstairs. A minute or so later, she entered the kitchen wearing a smile, her graying natural hair in a closely-cropped afro. Mama was beautiful, elegant, and youthful in appearance. Although she was sixty, she could’ve easily passed for forty with a figure that matched mine and a face she shared with Renee.

She pulled me into a tight hug. “Mm, maybe I need to start planning monthly parties since this is the only way I get to see you and Nay. You two avoid this house like the plague and I can’t get rid of Nicky.”

I laughed as we sat across from each other at the table. “I’m sorry, Mama. I’m gonna do better. Just been busy.”

“I know. You’ve been putting out a lot of videos. I really liked that ‘Outfit of the Day’ one you did last week. You should do more of those.”

“Thanks, Mama. I’m trying to branch out and be a little more creative. Only so many twist-out tutorials I can do. So you still watch my videos, huh?”

“Sweetie, I love watching your videos. I’m so proud of you. You live on your own terms. Takes courage to do that.”

“Thanks, Mama. What have you been up to?”

She shrugged, and a cloud seemed to settle over her face. I instantly regretted asking that question, positive that Daddy was still on that same old bullshit. At that moment, I thought about my own loneliness and realized hers must’ve been exponentially worse. “Nothing new around here. Where’s the food?” she replied.

“In my trunk. You still got that rolling cart? I don’t wanna have to carry it in.”

“Yeah, let me grab it and help you.”

Before she could leave the table, I said, “I’ve missed you, Mama. I promise I’ma do better about visiting.”

She smiled. “I would love that. I really would.”



*****



The dinner party was to begin at six-thirty. I had arrived at five-thirty to help set everything up, dressed in my evening attire, and waited in the living room with Mama for everyone else to arrive…including Daddy, who couldn’t manage to come home early even for this occasion.

The first person to arrive was Damon, who Mama was thrilled to see. I hadn’t informed her of the possibility of him coming and knew she’d be pleasantly surprised. As much as he was my little brother, he was also the son she’d never had. She held his face in her hands, and gushed, “Look how handsome you are!” Then she yanked him into a hug. “Oh, Damon! It’s so good to see you!”

He grinned down at her. “It’s good to see you, too, Mom.”

As we both chatted with Damon, I had to wonder how Nicky was late when she still lived there, then I told myself she was probably off somewhere in the middle of screwing potential husband number nine thousand and twenty-six with her wild, nasty ass.

As if on cue, she entered the room wearing a plum-colored bandage dress that looked like it would take some of her skin with it once she peeled it off her body. Trailing behind her was a huge man who looked like he’d played football in a league of giants. He wore a suit and a nervous expression on his face.

“Hey, everyone! This is Warren…” Nicky began.

I guess she got past the hygiene thing. If I’d known we were bringing dates, I could’ve brought Harrison. Now I’ll be the only fool here without a man.

“Warren, this is…Damon?!”

Damon stood from his seat on the sofa next to Mama with the brightest smile on his face. He was the definition of adoration as Nicky flew into his arms. She closed her eyes and rested her head on his chest. “Oh, Damon. I’ve missed you so much!”

“Me, too, Nick.”

They sat down on the sofa with Nicky squeezing in between Mama and Damon, grilling him about the last ten years, leaving Warren standing in the middle of the living room with a bewildered look on his face. So I stood and crossed the room, offering him my hand. “Warren, I’m Angela, Nicky’s sister. Why don’t you have a seat?”

“Yeah, Warren, sit down,” Nicky tossed at him, still laser-focused on Damon.

A few minutes later, Renee and Robert arrived, both looking like they’d rather be anywhere but there or even near each other.

So there we all were, and Daddy still hadn’t arrived. When he finally did, he was a whole hour late, and swooped into the living room like the tornado he was—loud, boisterous, bending over to kiss Mama and insisting his girls gather around him for a group hug.

“Let me go freshen up,” he announced.

“No need to freshen up, baby. You look good, as usual. Let’s go eat. Everyone’s been waiting,” Mama urged sweetly.

He smiled. “Okay, baby.”

Finally, we all migrated to the dining room and took our places around the huge table, with Daddy at the head holding court like the king of his own dysfunctional castle. I might have at least enjoyed the food, even though I was pissed at Daddy for being late to his own party, had I not been seated next to Warren. If I’d thought Nicky was lying about his hygiene, I could now confirm that she was being truthful, because over the aromas of baked ham and yeast rolls, I was inundated by an overwhelming mixture of onions and ass. And Nicky’s ass was sitting across the table, damn near in Damon’s lap. On my other side was Robert. So if I turned my head to avoid the noxious fumes emitting from Warren, I would get an eyeful of Robert’s homely, evil ass.

I sighed as Daddy continued spewing some bullshit about some most likely nonexistent meeting that ran over causing him to be late for the party. Then I closed my eyes and tried to think of something pleasant, recalled the sensation of Ryan’s tongue invading my mouth, his hands on my back. Heard his voice as my name fell from his lips. It was really stupid to reject a man that made me feel the way he made me feel—alive, sexy, and so, so good. There was a tingling between my legs as I could almost feel him touching me there again. I released a soft moan I was sure no one heard—

“…Angela.”

My eyes popped open, and I said, “Huh?” although I had no idea who had called my name.

Evidently, it was Daddy. “I said, you really outdid yourself with this dinner, baby girl. This food is delicious!” he said.

All three of us were his “baby girls.” I used to wonder if maybe he didn’t remember our names, since the term of endearment never felt very dear coming from a man who was rarely home. Shit, I honestly didn’t know my father. Not really.

Nevertheless, I smiled, and said, “Thanks, Daddy.” Turning to look at my mom, who seemed deep in thought, I added, “Anything for you two.”

Mama smiled at me and stood from her chair at the opposite end of the table from Daddy, raising her glass. “Everyone, I wanna propose a toast to the love of my life.”

I groaned inwardly. She did this every year, toasted to Daddy like he was the husband of the century. I didn’t feel like participating in this sham, but Warren hopped up from his seat, sending a whoosh of ass stank straight into my nostrils, so I stood and held up my glass just to get some relief. Why the hell was Nicky still seeing this funky-ass man? His credit score must have been a damn 800.

“To my love, Angelo Louis Strickland,” Mama began. Yep, I was named after him—Angela Louise. “Sweetheart, you have taken care of me, given me three beautiful daughters, and provided me with a life of luxury. Even when we first married forty years ago and had virtually nothing, you made me feel like a queen.”

Daddy smiled at her. “You are a queen, baby.”

She nodded her head a little. “I spent many lonely nights here in this house over the years, and it was hard sometimes, but I understood you were a driven, ambitious man, and I respected that. I respected that you were chasing a dream, but the cheating? The other women? Well…I’m sick of that shit.”

I gasped. Nicky’s mouth fell open. Renee clamped her hand over hers. I’d never heard my mom curse before. I was sure my sisters hadn’t either.

My father hopped up from his seat. “Lisa!”

“I’m so sick of that shit and of your little whores calling taunting me that I have packed your stuff, and I want your unfaithful ass out of this house now.” Her voice was so calm, it was almost eerie.

“Now, Lisa—”

“Now Lisa nothing! I love you, Angelo. And I unfortunately always will, but I’m done with your Viagra-taking ass! I’m over you and this marriage! I’m not spending another second sitting up in this big house alone.”

Daddy’s face screwed up in a confused frown. “I know you don’t think you’re moving another man in my house! You been cheating on me, Lisa?!”

“You can go to hell for asking me some shit like that!”

“I’m sorry, I—”

“And if I was seeing someone else, would it really be cheating? I’d have to have a real husband for that to be the case.”

Daddy stood there with a look of pure shock on his face that soon morphed into defiance. “I’m not going no-damn-where, Lisa.”

“I bet you are. There’s a lot of shit I can tell about you. You sure you want your girls to know about some of the mess you’ve pulled over the years? You really want our daughters and the world to know the whole truth?”

His face fell. “Baby…”

She crossed her arms over her chest, looking beautiful but unmoved in a stunning black cocktail dress.

“Fine. I’ll go, but this isn’t over. I-I love you, Lisa.”

“Mm-hmm, and you show it so well. Go get your shit and leave.”

I watched in silent awe as Daddy left the dining room and Mama reclaimed her seat. “Now this is a real party,” she said. “I’m glad that’s over with.”

She looked around at everyone at the table and smiled as she took a bite of ham. “Mm, this is so good.”





14





I ended up spending the night with Mama since Nicky left with Damon—not Warren. If he hadn’t been so funky, I might’ve felt sorry for him being dragged to a family gathering, having to witness my parents’ dramatic break-up, and then being left behind with strangers. But I was more concerned about my mother than anyone. I knew her. She wasn’t the strongest person, and she adored my father. For her to do what she did, she had to have gotten to a really dark place in her life, and I was afraid to leave her alone.

The next morning, she assured me she was fine, and after feeding me breakfast, basically shoved me out the door. By the time I coasted into my driveway, I was exhausted, having tossed and turned most of the night. So when I looked up and saw Ryan sitting on the steps in front of my place, I heaved an exhausted sigh. I didn’t have the wherewithal to deal with him or anyone else at that moment.

I climbed out of my car and approached the steps, stopping as he gazed up at me with those damn eyes that made my legs even weaker than they already were from fatigue. “Look,”

I began, “I had a horrible night, so you’re going to have to go off on me a little later. I need sleep.”

He stood and moved from the steps, allowing me to ascend them. “I’m not here to go off on you. I just want to talk to you for a moment.”

“Ryan…”

He raised his hands. “I just wanna talk. Won’t take but a couple of minutes.”

I stuck my key in the lock. “Don’t you have work?”

“Not today. It’s Saturday.”

“Oh, yeah…” I opened my door and glanced at him. “You got any coffee over there? I’m out.”

He smiled. “Yeah. I can hook you up.”

“Okay, go make some coffee, bring me a cup, and we can talk.”

“All right.”





I took a sip of the coffee and my eyes widened. “This is delicious!”

“Thanks. It’s a special blend my mom used to like. She called it spiced coffee—coffee plus cinnamon, nutmeg, pepper, and a few more spices. She taught me how to make it when I was little.”

“Damn, I need that recipe.”

“You play your cards right, you might get it.”

“Hmm.” I set my mug on the kitchen table and fixed weary eyes on Ryan sitting across from me. “What did you want to talk about?” I hope this man isn’t going to ask for a refund or something. I can’t deal with any foolishness right now.

“I want to know why you won’t go out with me.”

“I told you.”

“Yeah, but that’s bullshit.”

I straightened my posture. “Excuse me?”

“It’s bullshit. I’ve paid all my rent already. I’m a good tenant other than that thing with the loud music, but that hasn’t happened again and it won’t happen again. What do you think I’m going to do if we start going out? I can’t ask for a discount on rent I’ve already paid. You think I’ll ask for a refund or something?”

Damn.

“What is it? What are you really afraid of?”

I lifted my chin. “I’m not afraid of anything.”

“Then what’s the deal? You know I like you, and I can tell you like me. Maybe I took things too far the other night, but shit, you said you enjoyed it.”

I dropped my eyes. “I did…but—”

“But what? I only want to get to know you, Angela. I’m not asking for your hand in marriage.”

I’m not sure if it was the exhaustion or the fact that he was actually making sense. Either way, I liked the man, was very attracted to him, and did want to get to know him, so I said, “Okay.”

“You’ll go out with me?”

I nodded. “I’ll go out with you.”

He hopped up from my table with a grin. “Good. Be back over to pick you up at six this evening.”

He left, and I rested my head on the table. Before I knew it, I had drifted off to sleep.





15





I woke up hours later to find that Ryan had texted me during my slumber. His message simply read: Wear something nice.

So I did. After showering and downing a glass of juice, I applied lotion, pulled on a matching black bra and panty set, did my make-up, and slipped into a cream-colored halter dress that plunged in the back and stopped just above my knees, a little something I’d purchased a couple of years earlier when I pretended to myself that I was going to fly to LA for some vlogger awards ceremony. I was fastening the ankle strap on my open-toe cream heels when he rang my doorbell. Grabbing my clutch and my cell phone, I opened the door and swallowed hard. He looked outrageously gorgeous in a pair of navy blue slacks and a white dress shirt open at the neck and upper chest. His navy sport coat fit like it had been tailor made.

He smiled as he offered me his arm. “You look gorgeous. You ready?”

I nodded, found my voice, and said, “Yes.”

He took me to Coda, said they were having a special guest for R&B night. I was delighted when Guordan Banks took the stage. Keep You in Mind was my jam!

We had a great view of the stage from our corner booth, and I rocked in my seat to the music, grinning at Ryan from time to time, always finding his eyes on me. When he looked at me the way he looked at me, it felt like his eyes were seeing through my clothes and my skin, to my soul. It was an oddly pleasing feeling. It made me wonder what it would feel like for his eyes to actually roam my naked body.

After Guordan Banks’ set was over, we ordered appetizers and drinks and got to the “getting to know each other” part of the night. He shared that he was the youngest of two children and that his brother, Cedric, was incarcerated in Louisiana for “doing some stupid shit.” His mother was deceased, and he didn’t keep in touch with his father. He’d never been married or even in a long-term relationship. Had no kids, loved his job, and could see himself moving to a tropical island after he retired.

I told him there were three Strickland girls and that I was the middle child.

“Which makes you the normal one.”

I tilted my head to the side. “How so?”

“Well, the oldest usually shoulders the most responsibility, so they end up with all these issues where they think they have to take care of folks, get attached to people, and can’t let go. The youngest is always spoiled, gotta have their way. The middle is usually level-headed, normal, because they’re able to avoid all the bullshit the other two have to endure.”

“So, by your own definition, you’re spoiled and have to get your way.”

He flashed me a smile. “Absolutely.”

“That’s why you hung up on me?”

He shrugged. “You hurt my feelings. Wasn’t the most mature way to handle things, and I’m sorry about that.”

I smiled. “Say that again.”

“Say what again?”

“Sorr’ ‘bout ‘dat.”

He chuckled. “Oh, daaaamn. You’re making fun of my accent? I thought you liked it.”

“I do. That’s why I asked you to repeat yourself. Say it again.”

“Hell, naw.”

I laughed. “What’s your deal, Ryan? What do you really want from me?”

“Your time. That’s it. I know a little bit about what makes you scream. I also want to know what makes you smile, laugh, cry. I wanna know you.”

I adjusted in my seat and averted my eyes from his.

“Am I making you uncomfortable by bringing that up?”

I met his gaze. “Yes.”

“Why does it make you uncomfortable?”

“Because…”

“Because you never felt like that before?”

“Maybe…”

“And my bringing it up makes you want to feel it again?”

I cleared my throat. “Um…”

He stared at me for a moment. “Come here. Move closer.”

“Why?”

“Just do it. Trust me.”

I sighed and scooted closer to him in the booth. He grabbed his napkin and dropped it in my lap, spread it over my knees, and then eased his hand under my dress. My mouth gaped open when I felt him slide his hand between my thighs.

“Ryan, you can’t…” I spoke the words as my thighs involuntarily parted.

He eased his hand inside my panties, found my clit, and gently squeezed it.

I clamped my mouth shut and bit down on my tongue to keep from shouting. He dragged his finger over my clit, pinching and tugging on it as I gripped the table. “Oh. My. Gahhhhh,” I whispered.

He leaned in and kissed my neck. “What was that?”

“Ryan, please…”

“You want me to stop, Angela?”

“Yes—no…”

He continued stroking me, flicked his tongue across my earlobe, and whispered, “Yes or no? Do you want me to stop?” His voice was forceful, commanding.

As he slid a finger inside my heated moistness, I managed to rasp, “I don’t want you to stop.”

His mouth still on my ear, he murmured, “Good, I won’t.”

“Shhhhhhit,” I whispered, trying not to lose all control. I closed my eyes and rested my head on his shoulder as I grabbed his shirt. “Ryan…”

“Hmm, that feel good, Angela?”

I nodded against his shoulder, whispered, “Yes.”

“Anyone ever made you feel this good before?”

“N-no…”

He used his free hand to lift my chin and then he claimed my mouth, slipping his tongue inside it, the taste of his whiskey battling the fruitiness of my mixed drink. I wondered if anyone was looking at us or could tell what was happening under the table, but the club was dimly lit, and besides, I really didn’t care. It felt too good to care.

His mouth left mine and I closed my eyes, resting my head against the back of the booth, feeling almost euphoric as he continued sliding his finger in and out of me, grazing my clit with each stroke. My chest heaved; my breathing was ragged. I was at the precipice of an orgasm when I heard a voice say, “Is there anything I can get you all? Refills?”

I opened my eyes to see our waiter standing over us. Ryan gave him a smile as he continued to fondle me and I continued to silently unravel.

“Yes, can I see a dessert menu?” Ryan asked.

I bit my bottom lip as the waves of an orgasm hit me, grabbed Ryan’s shirt again, buried my face in his neck, and released a high-pitched moan as the waiter handed him the menu. The waiter must have been looking at me wondering what was going on, because I heard Ryan say, “She really loves dessert.”

After the waiter left, I struggled to catch my breath as Ryan slid his fingers from me, lifted them to his mouth, and slipped them between his lips, tasting them. He winked at me, and said, “You know what? I think I’ll skip dessert after all. I don’t know what could be any sweeter than this.”





“Hello?” she answered the phone in a sing-song voice.

“Hey, you wanna hang out today?” It was the Sunday morning after our date at Coda.

“Well, what do you have in mind?”

“I thought we could go out for breakfast, catch an early movie, grab lunch, take a walk in the park, find a secluded bench where I can get you off again…”

“Wow.”

“What?”

“See you in twenty minutes. I’m hungry.”

We had a good breakfast, and when she picked an action movie for us to see, I think I started seeing hearts and shit. I was too damn glad I didn’t have to watch some chick flick, but I would’ve watched one for her. After the movie, we headed to some smoothie place she swore had the best salads in the world for lunch.

“So what park you wanna go to?” I asked, as we finished our lunch.

She shook her head and smiled at me. “We’re not going to a park, Ryan.”

“Why not? You don’t want me to make you—”

“I want to talk to you, and I want you to talk to me.”

“We talked at breakfast.”

“Yeah, I know.”

“You got something against me pleasing you?”

“No, but that’s not all there is to you. I want to know the side that doesn’t flash the irresistible smile. The side that doesn’t ooze southern charm. If we’re going to do this, if we’re going to get to know each other, I want to know the real you.”

I sighed and leaned forward, my eyes on her. “This is the real me. The real me likes you, Angela, a lot. The real me has never had to beg a woman for anything, but I basically had to beg you to give me a chance. The real me doesn’t get all messed up in the head over women, but you’ve had my head jacked up almost since the day we met. I have rules I’ve broken just for you. So this is the real me, a new real me, and all he thinks about, is obsessed with, is pleasing you.”

“Obsessed?” she asked, her head tilted to the left. “Why? Why do you like pleasing me so much? You barely know me.”

I reclined in my seat. “I do know you, Angela.”

“No, you don’t.”

“Yes, I do.”

“How? How can you know me when I’ve barely told you anything about myself?”

“Hmm. Well…I know you’re a vlogger, and a successful one, so that means you work hard. You’re serious about business, a straight-shooter, and you don’t believe in doing anything to jeopardize your brand or your coins. You’re kind, you love your family, but you’ve been hurt. That’s why you’re being cautious with me. Oh, and you’ve dealt with some unskilled, non-fucking niggas who didn’t give a damn if their sex left you satisfied or not. Hell, they probably had no clue how to please you. You’re not a virgin, but you’ve probably had, what? Two partners? Two and a half? Stop me when I get something wrong.”

She scoffed. “You are one arrogant man. So what about you, Ryan? You think I can’t read you?”

“Go ahead and try.”

She leaned forward and clasped her hands on the table. “Okay…like I said earlier, you’re spoiled and accustomed to getting your way. You already said you usually don’t have to beg women or chase them, so you’re used to them falling all over themselves for you. You’ve had a lot of partners. A LOT. And you know how to make a woman feel good physically, but you wreck them emotionally. You’ve used women, lied to them, probably have left a bunch of broken hearts in your wake. And although you might be a little calmer and more settled now for some reason, and you’ve most definitely pleased me physically, I’m wondering when you’re going to wreck me emotionally.”

I raised my eyebrows. “It’s not my intention to hurt you, Angela.”

“What is your intention then, Ryan?”

“To spend some time with you, to please you as often as you let me, and ultimately, for you to please me in return.”

“You believe I can please you?”

I smiled at her. “You already do.”





16





The text message alert on my phone tore my attention away from my laptop. I was supposed to be editing another “Outfit of the Day” or “OOTD” video I’d recorded in my backyard, adding music to it, but my eyes were tired, and my mind was on the kiss Ryan laid on me at the end of our marathon date on Sunday.

The message was from him, and I couldn’t help but smile as I read it.

Him: Hey, what u up to?

Me: Working. What u up to?

Him: Lying in this bed over here thinking about u.

Me: Ur still in bed? It’s 1pm. Shouldn’t u be at work?

Him: I took off today because u wore me out yesterday.

Me: All we did was talk.

Him: U talk a lot.

Me: Whatever!

Him: It’s true. Hey, I want to see u.

Me: When?

Him: Now. Let’s go grab something to eat.

Me: I’m tired of texting. Come on over.

Him: OMW

Me: Brush ur teeth and wash ur ass first. U just got up. Don’t come over here funky.

Him: I ain’t been funky a day in my life!

Me: Negro, please. Wash ur ass, Mr. Boyé!

Thirty minutes later, he stepped through my front door smelling so good, it kind of knocked me off balance.

He lowered his head and brushed a soft kiss across my lips after I closed my door. “What was that about me being funky?”

“I see you took my advice and handled that problem.”

“I don’t get funky, Angela.”

“Mm-hmm.”

He followed me to my studio/bedroom, and said, “You still working?”

I nodded. “Almost done, though.”

“Damn, I thought we could go grab a bite to eat. I’m hungry as a hostage.”

I giggled.

“What?”

“I haven’t heard that expression in a long time. Years.”

He shrugged. “That’s how hungry I am.”

I saved my progress on the laptop and turned to face him. “Okay, look, I need to check on my mom, so if you don’t mind, I need to go by to see her while we’re out.”

“Not a problem. We can grab something for her, too, if you want. What’s up? She sick or something?”

I sighed, figured I may as well tell him the truth. “No, but she kicked my dad out in front of me and my sisters at their fortieth anniversary party last Friday night.”

“Damn.”

“Yeah…”

“Man, I’m sorry to hear that. But, yeah, we can check on her. Wish I still had a mom to check on…”

“She passed when you were young?”

“Yeah, I was eight. She’d been sick my whole life. I’m glad she’s not suffering anymore, but I still miss her, always will.”

“I’m sorry, Ryan.”

“It’s all right. Hey, you wearing that?”

I looked down at my t-shirt and jeans. “Why? Is something wrong with what I’m wearing?”

“Nah, just asking.”

Okay, so maybe I was a little wrinkled. And with him looking the way he was looking in his jeans and plaid, button-down shirt, I figured I’d better step my game up. “Let me go change.”

As I left the room, he said to my back, “I mean, you don’t have to…”

“Shut up, Ryan,” I called back.



*****



“This is a nice house,” Ryan said, as we stepped out of his SUV in my mother’s driveway. “I mean, really nice.”

“Courtesy of Strickland Motors,” I said, as I unlocked the front door. “Your Tennessee car center.”

“I’ve heard those commercials on the radio. Your folks own that car lot?”

“Car lots. Ten locations across the state.”

“Damn! Why didn’t you tell me you were rich?”

“I’m not. My dad is.”

We stepped into the foyer, and I called for my mother. First met with silence, I told Ryan to stay downstairs while I headed upstairs to see if Mama was up there. I called her name again, still receiving no answer, and then a panic hit me. Her car was in the driveway. What if something had happened to her? What if she’d done something to herself?

I knocked on her closed bedroom door, waited for a second, and then opened it. Mama sprung up in bed, and so did he, whoever he was.

“Angela! What are you doing here?!” Mama shrieked.

I backed away from the door. “Uh-um-ch-ch-checking on you. But I see you’re okay so…oh, Lord…I’ma just go,” I rambled, adding “Shit,” under my breath.

“Wait!” the man said, as he climbed out of bed, covering his private parts with a sheet but leaving his chocolaty sculpted abs exposed. He was tall, fine, and much younger than my mother. Where the hell did she find this man?!

“Huh?” I managed to say.

“Don’t go,” he said to me. “Give us a second to get dressed. I’d like to meet you properly.”

I nodded as my eyes shifted to my mother, who was clutching the comforter under her chin with her eyes downcast. Her medium brown skin was reddening more and more by the second. “Uh, okay,” I said. “I’ll be waiting downstairs.”

Ryan was still in the foyer when I returned, and all I could do was stare at him wide-eyed.

“What’s wrong?” he asked. “Your mom okay?”

In a hushed voice, I said, “I just caught her screwing a man who looks like he might be younger than me.”

“Shit, really?”

I nodded.

“Damn, you wanna leave? What you wanna do?”

“Uh, he wants me to hang around so we can have a proper introduction.”

“Huh?”

“I know.”

Just then, the mystery guy and Mama descended the stairs and joined us in the foyer. Mama stared at Ryan, and it took me a moment to realize she had no idea who he was, so I said, “Mama, this is Ryan Boyé, my, well…we just started dating. Ryan, this is my mother, Lisa Strickland.”

Ryan took her hand and kissed it. “Mother? I don’t believe it. Nevertheless, it’s great to meet you.”

“Oh, I’m definitely her mother. You from Louisiana?”

Ryan grinned. “The accent, huh? Can’t get away from it.”

“You shouldn’t want to,” Mama said. “It’s nice. Hmm, you’re Creole?”

Ryan nodded. “Yes, ma’am. On my father’s side.”

Was my mother flirting with Ryan? Seriously? When did she get so hot in the ass?

“Well,” she began, resting a hand on the mystery guy’s arm. “This is Lamar Anderson. Lamar, this is my daughter, Angela.”

He reached for my hand and gripped it in his. “You’re the middle daughter, right? Heard a lot about you. Nice to finally meet you.”

“Yeah, same here,” I said, and then turned to my mother with raised eyebrows.

“Um, would you gentleman excuse me and Angela? We’re going to step into the kitchen for a moment,” she said.

I sat at the table across from her and waited for an explanation. She offered none. So I said, “Mama, how long’ve you been seeing him?”

She shrugged. “Five or six months.”

“What?! Does Nicky know about him?”

“No. She’s barely ever home, out running her wild behind around with any and every man she meets. I fault your father for her being the way she is. She’s so much like him…”

I leaned forward. “Okay…okay, Daddy’s wrong for the way he treated you. But, um…you’re still married to him. How is what you’re doing any better than what he’s doing?”

“It’s not.”

“And how old is Lamar? I mean, you’re beautiful, Mama, but you need to be careful.”

“He’s twenty-seven, younger than you and your sisters, and I’m not tryna marry the man. I just needed…something, Angela. I don’t expect you to understand, but I’ve sat up in this house for years, alone and lonely. I had dreams and goals, but I gave them all up for your father. Please don’t ever, ever do that to yourself. Don’t sacrifice your life for a man.”

“I don’t plan on it. Not anymore.”

She nodded. “Good. Ryan seems nice. He’s definitely handsome. Gorgeous.”

“Yeah…I like him.”

“And that accent? Mmm…”

“Mama, I’m worried about you.”

She reached across the table and covered my hand with hers. “Don’t be. I’m fine. I’m not going to do anything stupid.”

“But doesn’t Daddy still have a key? Should you be doing…you know, up in here?”

“Your father knows not to pop up here or come back at all. I’ve made it clear I will ruin his life if he does.”

“What do you have on him?”

“Hmm, let’s just say he got the money to start his business through less than legal channels. The other stuff? I just can’t tell you. I wouldn’t want to ruin your image of him.”

“He already ruined it by mistreating you.”

“I know, but…”

“You still love him. You’re still protecting him.”

“Yes, I do still love him.”

I shook my head. “I don’t see how you can.”

“Hmm, well…The thing is, love can’t be turned off like a water faucet. If it’s there and it’s really real, it doesn’t disappear and it doesn’t go away. Real love is forever.”

I let her words soak in. “Are you going to take him back?”

“I don’t know, Angie. I just don’t know.”

Once we were in Ryan’s vehicle on the way home, he asked, “You all right over there?”

With my gaze still fixed on the scenery outside the passenger window, I said, “I don’t know. Everything…it’s all just fucked up.” I sighed. “Sorry to have pulled you into my family mess.”

“It’s okay. And if it makes you feel any better, Lamar is a cool dude and he really seems to care about your mom.”

“I don’t know what’s going on with her, though. Screwing another man in my father’s house? And I swear she was flirting with you.”

“I kind of noticed that, but come on, Angela. Look at me. Who wouldn’t flirt with me?”

I tried not to look at him, but when I finally broke weak and glanced in his direction, he was wearing this silly grin, and I couldn’t help but smile.

“Everything’s gonna be okay,” he said.

“I hope so.”

He reached over and rested a hand on my cheek, his eyes still on the road as he said, “I know so.”





17





I’d spoken to Nicky once since the great anniversary cluster fuck, and true to form, she dodged the subject of our parents separating altogether, sidestepping it when I brought it up. She went on and on about the week Damon spent in town and how glad she was to spend time with him, pretending she still saw him as her best friend only. When I asked about Warren, she actually sounded confused, like she didn’t even know who I was talking about. Poor Warren.

Poor funky Warren.

She got off the phone without really letting me talk, so I didn’t have to give a dating update. Good, because the only man I’d seen for a solid month was Ryan, and I didn’t feel like being berated for my relationship tendencies. Hell, I wasn’t her. If I liked a man and enjoyed being with him, I only wanted to be with him. That was just how I was wired. I wasn’t made to date multiple men. I’d even been dodging Harrison’s phone calls, because as nice and kind as he was, he was no Ryan Boyé.

I moved closer to my bathroom mirror as I slid the make-up brush across my cheek. I was preparing to film a sponsored wig review video. I wasn’t a big wig wearer, but the company gave me a choice of three human hair wigs for free to review on my channel, and wig reviews always garnered a lot of views, and views of monetized videos equaled money for me. So I had no problem cornrowing my hair and trying on Karen, Courtney, and Shia. And it really wasn’t a conflict of interest. Wigs were good protective style choices for those of us with natural hair.

I dug through my make-up bag for my brick red lipstick and thought about all the fun I’d been having with Ryan—movies, dinners, multiple events at Coda, just chilling at either of our places. Whatever we were building felt nice, and he’d been a perfect gentleman. No more making me squirm in public, but that actually kind of disappointed me. I missed feeling what he made me feel, what only he had ever made me feel, but liked the idea that he wanted to slow things down and savor just getting to know me. Still, I missed him touching me in that way, but was too ashamed to bring it up.

I glanced at my phone lying on the bathroom counter and smiled as Renee’s number glowed on the screen. I put it on speakerphone as I answered it. “Hey, Nay.”

“Hey, Ang. What’ve you been up to?”

I hadn’t talked to her at all since the dinner party fiasco. We were all three going to have to do better about keeping in touch. A month is too long not to talk to your sister, but I supposed we’d all been busy with our lives.

“Nothing much,” I said. “Working.”

“I’m so behind with watching your videos. Work is killing me, home is…never mind.”

I stared at myself in the mirror. Satisfied that I was camera ready, I picked up my phone and crossed the hall to my studio. “What is it?”

“Nothing. I can’t deal with you saying something crazy about my marriage today. Not today.”

I sat down at my desk and wondered if I should have worn something more colorful instead of the black, “My Hair Defies Gravity” t-shirt, then remembered I was getting paid to wear it on camera. “Nay, you can tell me. I promise I won’t say anything. I’ll just listen.”

She sighed into the phone. It was around 3:00 PM, so I knew she was still at work, probably locked up in her office. “I think Robert is cheating again.”

I held the phone in silence. I mean, I had promised not to say anything, and besides that, it wasn’t exactly a shock to hear it. Anyone with one-tenth of a brain knew it was bound to happen again. I was sure Renee knew, whether she was willing to admit it to herself or not.

“Angie?”

I took my cue, and asked, “Why do you think that?”

“Because I see all the same signs from before, but it’s actually worse this time. Not only is he staying out late, but he’s got such an attitude with me when he’s at home. And I haven’t even confronted him about what he’s doing. I’ve just been taking it.”

Like Mama, I thought. But at least Mama finally got tired of Daddy’s crap and put him out. I hoped it didn’t take Renee forty years to reach that point.

“Angie, I just want my marriage to work,” she continued. “I don’t want a divorce.”

“I know you don’t,” was all I could think to say. I left off, “But you should want one because your husband isn’t worth the spit it takes to curse his unattractive, sorry ass.”

“Well, I’ve bothered you enough. Let me get back to work. Talk to you later. Thanks for listening.”

“Anytime, Nay. And I mean that. Call me whenever you want. Love you.”

“Love you, too.”

As soon as I hung up, a text message from Ryan popped up on the screen of my phone.

Ryan: Dinner tonight? My place?

Me: Sure.

Ryan: Cool. Can’t wait.

Me: Me, either.



*****



“Luther Vandross or Barry White?” Ryan asked, as he bit into a slice of pizza. I was finally getting to cash that rain check.

“You always do this, Ryan. You know they’re too different. I can’t choose,” I replied, crossing my legs Indian-style on my spot on the floor.

“First name that pops in your head. Luther or Barry?”

“Luther, but that’s because it’s the first name you said. There’s really no comparison. Who’s your choice?”

“Barry, of course. You know how many babies that man’s voice is responsible for creating?”

“And Luther’s voice hasn’t dropped any panties?”

“I didn’t say that. I just think Barry’s the better choice.”

I grabbed a napkin from the coffee table and wiped my hands. “My turn. Sade or Anita Baker?”

“Hell, naw! You did not just do that!”

I gave him a smirk. “See, that’s the same as Luther and Barry.”

“No, Barry is the clear winner in that one, and it was an even field—two R&B crooners. Anita is all soul, Sade’s got this little jazz thing going on. Too different.”

I leaned back on my hands. “Or…you just can’t choose. Well, I can. And it’s Anita Baker.”

“Whatever. There’s really no comparison.”

“You mocking me?”

“Naaaw, never that, Angela.”

“Mm-hmm. Your turn again, and please choose a sensible match-up.”

He grinned at me as he took a swig of his soda. “I got your sensible. How about this? Earth, Wind & Fire or The Isley Brothers?”

“You cannot be serious! Really, Ryan? Those two groups are nothing alike!”

“Damn, you just don’t know music, do you? Well, allow me to school your young ass.”

“We’re the same age.”

“So. Anyway, Isley Brothers win this hands down—longevity, catalog, signature sound.”

“And Earth, Wind & Fire doesn’t possess those things?”

“Not like the Isleys. So you know my choice. What’s yours, and you gotta choose this time.”

I rolled my eyes. “Fine. The elements.”

He shook his head and stared at me for a second. Then he grabbed his cell phone from the floor and held up a finger. “Hold up.”

A few seconds later, Groove with You began streaming from the phone’s tiny speakers, and it sounded good, too, since Ryan owned the latest version of an obscenely expensive smartphone.

“See, Earth, Wind & Fire makes you want to pick up the phone and tell your woman you love her. But the Isleys? They make you wanna drive to her house in the pouring rain, beat on her door, climb in her bed, and fuck her soul out.”

I squinted my eyes at him. “Really? That song does all that to you?”

“Yeah.”

“So right now you wanna drive somewhere and fuck somebody’s soul out?”

He smiled at me as he crawled from his spot on the other side of the coffee table, leaned in, and kissed me. “Nah, I actually want to fuck your soul out right here on this floor. Right now.”

“Why don’t you, then?”

He backed away from me, a look of surprise on his face as he said, “I haven’t been given permission.”

“Since when have you needed permission?” I scooted closer to him and pressed a soft kiss to his Adam’s apple. “I mean, did you ask for permission that time in your kitchen when you made me damn near fall off that table?”

He stared into my eyes. “No.”

This time I kissed his lips. “And did you ask for my permission that night at Coda’s when you made me lose it in front of that waiter?”

He shook his head. “No.”

“I do appreciate you requesting my permission, though. So let me give it to you right now.”

“For real?”

“Yes, so I’ll ask again, why don’t you fuck my soul out of me on this floor, then? Or were you just talking shit?”

He released a low growl as he leaned in and captured my mouth, quickly slipping his tongue inside, embarking on a search for mine. Finding it, he caressed it one moment, battled it the next, all while easing me onto my back on the floor. I lay beneath him, opening my jean-clad legs, allowing him to settle between them. His erection rested on my core, sending tremors through me at the mere thought of feeling it inside of me. As he continued to seize my mouth, I wrapped my arms around him and moaned. We could’ve stayed right there, mouths fused, fully-clothed for the rest of the evening, and I wouldn’t have complained, but as good as this felt, I knew what was to come would be so much better.

He snaked his hand under my t-shirt and found my right breast, raking his finger over the taut nipple before palming the breast. I was glad I’d decided not to wear a bra.

He alternated playing with each breast for a few moments as he continued kissing me, and then moved his hand down my stomach to the top of my jeans. Fumbled with the closure before removing his mouth from mine, and mumbling, “Shit.”

He got my jeans open a second later, and I lifted my butt so he could shimmy them off me. He didn’t bother to remove my panties, just moved them to the side and plunged a finger inside of me. I gasped, leaving my mouth in an “o” as he thrust another finger inside of me. He was staring so intently at me that it became too much coupled with him stroking me, so I closed my eyes, heard him shift on the carpet, and then felt the warmth of his tongue as he flicked it against my clit, his fingers still inside of me.

“Ooooooh!” I screamed.

He flicked his tongue up and down several times, causing my legs to quiver and my mind to race.

“Oh, oh, oh!!!!!” I shouted, as I involuntarily reached down and clutched his head, letting my fingers sink into his thick, curly hair.

If I’d thought his fingers felt good, his mouth felt unquestionably sublime. I felt as if I was losing control of…everything—my thoughts, my desires, my body as it jerked and pressure swarmed the lower part of my torso. My senses were heightened and dulled at the same time. I desperately wanted him to stop, because this kind of pleasure was tortuous. But I knew if he did stop, I would completely come undone.

As he rolled his tongue over my clit while humming along with another Isley song that had begun to autoplay, the pressure building inside of me hit its peak, coiled up in a tight ball, and burst with such force that I yelled, “Shiiiiiiiiiiit!!!!” at the top of my lungs, my legs trembling. I have no idea when he undressed. All I know is as I lay there limp, trying to catch my breath and regulate my heartbeat, he entered me—sliding inside me slowly, causing my already spasming core to spasm even more. His mouth covered mine, devouring my yelp of surprise as he sank deep into me and eased out.

He ended the kiss, locked his hypnotic eyes on me, and murmured, “Shit…”

His eyes fluttered closed as he entered me again, eased opened as he glided out. Again, he said, “Shit.”

The third time he said it, he shouted the word, giving me a look that was somewhere in between disbelief and ecstasy. I grabbed him, kissed him, tried to figure out how it was possible for him to feel so good inside of me. As he continued to slide in and out of my deluged core, I decided it wasn’t possible. It couldn’t be. I was dreaming.

Then he leaned in and nipped my neck with his teeth, causing only a modicum of pain, but I knew the pain was real, and if the pain was real, so was the pleasure.

“Ryan…” I whimpered.

He raised my shirt, lowered his head, and flicked his tongue across my left nipple before covering it with his warm mouth, sucking it like it provided his only source of sustenance. It was all too much for me…again. The pressure was back in force, building, swarming, and eventually, releasing all over again, leaving me wetter, slicker. Ryan didn’t seem to mind as he slid out of me, inserted a finger, and slipped it in his mouth. “Mmm,” he moaned.

“Ryan…” I reached up to kiss him, but he shook his head and plunged his finger back inside of me, this time easing it into my mouth for me to taste myself. I lapped my tongue out, hungrily tasting my own juices as he plunged back inside me.

I closed my eyes, turning my head from side to side.

“How many orgasms is that? Two? I think you’ve got another one in you,” he said, as he picked up the pace of his lovemaking.

I shook my head. “No…I can’t.”

He reached between us, sliding a finger across my clit. “Yeah, you can.”

I looked up at him, saw no smile on his face, and knew he was serious. “Ryan,” I said, “I don’t think I can take anymore.”

He squeezed my clit, thrust deeper inside of me. “Yes, you can, baby.”

I clamped my mouth shut, because I knew I would explode again. He was making sure of it. And hell, it wasn’t like I really didn’t want it to happen.

When I climaxed for the third time, I feared my heart would stop or my lungs would collapse as I screamed his name loud enough that I was sure the police would be there soon to investigate the disturbance. And seconds later, Ryan roared, his body stiffening before he collapsed on top of me.





My eyes popped open, and I took in my surroundings. We were still on his floor, him spooned behind me sound asleep. My eyes fell on an empty condom wrapper lying a few inches away from me, then shifted to our discarded clothes. The room smelled of pizza, Ryan’s cologne, a hint of my perfume, and sex. Initially, I wasn’t sure what had awakened me. Then I became aware of his erection pressing against my ass, and I began to liquify again.

Damn. He had one hell of an effect on me.

“You up?” he asked, startling me.

“Yeah,” I said softly.

“You okay?”

“Yeah. You?”

“I’m good, great. Be even better if I could do something about this.” He pressed himself against me.

My soulless ass said, “Then do something about it.”

He brushed his lips across my shoulder. “I think I will.”

“Ryan, I’m supposed to be avoiding relationships, because I don’t do so well with them,” I said, as he lifted my leg. “But I’ve been seeing you and no one else for like a month, and now…this.”

As he glided inside of me, he released a moan, and said, “Don’t worry about it. This isn’t a relationship. Hell, I don’t even believe in relationships, baby.”

I closed my eyes and clawed at the carpet. “Oh, shit, Ryan…”

“Baby…damn, you feel good,” he whispered in my ear as he bit down on my earlobe.

It hurt, but I kind of liked it, although not nearly as much as I liked feeling him stretch me to capacity. He slid his arm under my leg, holding it up while clamping his mouth to my neck and sucking on my flesh, burying himself inside of me over and over again. I slapped the floor as he thrusted deeper and deeper, bit my bottom lip as the expected orgasm caused my stomach to quiver. Once he released, he grabbed me and held me tight, planting gentle kisses on my bare back.





18





I didn’t have a chance to process what he said until the next morning.

I don’t believe in relationships.

I don’t know why that bothered me since I was supposed to be avoiding relationships myself, but it did. And as I sat in my bedroom the next morning, I actually felt kind of stupid. My ridiculous sister was right. In my mind, I had turned what Ryan and I were doing into a relationship when he’d made no indication that was what it was. I just couldn’t help myself! Something was seriously wrong with me. I mean, the man was only in town for four more months. Who tries to build a relationship on those terms? My dumb ass, that’s who.

I shook my head as I reached down and laid my hand on my sore yoni. It was a good soreness. Shit, it was a great soreness. A superb soreness. But it was also a reminder of just how slow my ass was. Therefore, when Harrison called me later that day, I answered for the first time in weeks. And when he invited me out to dinner, I accepted. It was time to go back to my original plan, so when Ryan texted me, Hey, baby. Can’t wait to see u this evening, I didn’t reply.





I might not be shit, but I can admit when I’m wrong. When I said all pussy is the same? Well, I was wrong. Dead wrong. I had never felt anything as good as being inside Angela Strickland. EVER. She had me sitting at work, reminiscing and fantasizing. I was straight up feenin’ for her. I started to call her or go home to see her during my lunch break, get another taste of her, but knew once we got started, I wasn’t going to be able to leave her. After work, we could have a little dinner and spend the rest of the evening working on dessert.

When I made it to my place, I rushed inside and took a shower, got dressed, and headed over to Angela’s, because she was literally the only thing on my mind. She answered the door with a smile, wearing a short black dress and a pair of high heels that made her legs look good enough to lick from knee to toe and back.

“Hey,” she said. “I was just on my way out.”

“Oh, where you headed?” I asked, wishing I could get inside that apartment and tear that dress off her.

“On a date,” she said matter-of-factly, as she dug in her purse and pulled out a tube of lip gloss. I licked my lips as she glided the tube across hers.

I chuckled. “For real, you going somewhere with your sisters or something?”

“No, Ryan, I’m going on a date.”

“With a man?”

“Yes, with a man.”

My eyes widened. “After last night? You’re going on a date after last night?”

She shrugged. “Yeah, and I’m running late, couldn’t figure out what to wear. So if you’ll excuse me…”

I stood there in her doorway and stared at her. “How the hell you gonna go on a date after what we shared last night? That meant nothing to you?”

She sighed. “I didn’t say that, but you made it clear you don’t want a relationship, that this is not a relationship, and since this is not a relationship, that means I’m free to go on a date. Again, excuse me.”

“Fine, then. We’re in a relationship.” I couldn’t believe I said that shit.

“You don’t believe in relationships.”

“I do now.”

“And we’re in a relationship? Since when?”

“Since right-damn-now, Angela!”

She placed a hand on her hip. “So, we’re in a relationship because you say so?”

“We’re in a relationship because that’s what you want. Isn’t that what you want? A relationship?”

“I didn’t say that, Ryan.”

“Shit, Angela, then what do you want? What do you want me to say? You’re driving me fucking crazy!”

She threw up her hands. “I’m sorry. I’m not trying to make you crazy. I’m just not understanding you. First you say you don’t want to be in a relationship, and now you do?”

“What I want is you! I wanna be with you, and I’ll do or say whatever you want me to, to make that happen.”

“Ryan—”

“Tell me what to do. I’ll do it. Anything you ask. Anything.”

“Ryan, I—”

I cupped her face in my hands. “Tell me what to say, and I’ll say it and I’ll fucking mean it. I’ll mean it from my soul.”

She looked up at me. “Ryan…”

“Tell me, baby. Just tell me.”

“Ryan, I…you don’t—”

“I just wanna be with you. That’s all I want, baby. It’s all I think about. It’s all I’ve thought about since the day I first laid eyes on you. Don’t go on that date. Please, don’t go. Stay with me. Baby, please…just stay here with me. I’m fucking begging you not to go. I’ll do anything, anything you ask. Just stay…”

I lowered my head and kissed her, heard her keys and purse drop to the floor as she wrapped her arms around me. I backed her into the apartment, kicking the door closed behind us, fell to my knees, and lifted her dress.

“Ryan, wait a—”

It was too late, I already had her panties down around her ankles. I stood in front of her and pulled my basketball shorts down. “Kick those panties off, baby. Leave the shoes on.”

She was done protesting, I guess, because she did what I said. And when I lifted her from the floor, she wrapped her legs around me, heels still on. I entered her, wincing when she grabbed my upper arms and dug her nails into them.

She shouted my name, and I smiled at her before devouring her sweet mouth again. I gripped her firm ass and thrusted hard and deep, letting her warmth fuel my passion. She felt good, better than good, and with each stroke, made me want that much more of her.

“Baby, baby…” I said against her mouth.

She whined and whimpered as she clutched me. This was what I had thought about all day at work, being inside of her, holding her, feeling her.

I moved to the sofa, still inside of her as I sat down. As if on cue, she pushed against my chest, threw her head back, and started grinding in my lap.

I tugged at her dress and she raised her arms as I pulled it over her head, pushed her bra up, and covered her breasts with my hands, rolling her nipples between my fingers. “You’re so beautiful, Angela.”

“Ryan, Ryan…” she groaned.

I reached between us, slid my finger over her clit, and felt her jerk. “Ryannnnnnn,” she wailed.

“Baby…” I answered.

She grinded until she hit her peak, jerked so hard she damn near fell off my lap, but I held her to me as tightly as I could without hurting her, and when it was my time to explode, I clamped my mouth to her neck and sucked so hard she screamed.



*****



“You made me stand Harrison up,” she said, as we lay on her sofa. Me, in nothing but a t-shirt. Her, in nothing but those shoes.

“Who is Harrison?”

“My date. The one you saw me with at Coda that night.”

“Oh, Urkel? He’ll be all right.”

“You did not just call him Urkel!”

I shrugged. “He seems like an Urkel to me.”

“He’s actually really sweet. It’s not his fault you swooped in and snatched me away from him.”

“Baby, if he ever had you, I wouldn’t have been able to take you from him.”

“I guess…”

I chuckled. “You know I’m right.”

“Maybe you are.”

“Hey, can we get something clear, right here and right now?”

She lifted her head from my chest. “Yeah, what?”

“We’re together now, you and me. We’re in a relationship. No more dates unless I’m the one taking you out.”

“Okay. Then the same goes for you. No dates, booty calls, nothing.”

“You think I’ve been having booty calls?”

“I know you’re handsome, fine, and women would be more than willing to have a booty call with you.”

“Yeah, well, you don’t have to worry about that. You got my head all twisted up. You’re the only woman I see. The only one I want.”

“Hmm, good, but what are we going to do when your job is done and you have to leave?” Her voice was soft, light.

The thought had occurred to me, but like most things that were hard for me to face, I just pushed it to the back of my mind. “I don’t know, baby. What I do know is I wanna be with you, and not just temporarily. When my job ends here, I’ll figure something out. For now, let’s just enjoy each other.”

“Okay.”

We were silent as I held her in my arms. Then she said, “I need to call Harrison and try to explain why I stood him up. He’s been nice to me. I owe him a phone call at the very least.”

I didn’t like it, but I knew she was right. It was the decent thing to do. “Yeah, I know. Go ahead.”

She lifted her body from mine, still naked, still beautiful as she stood and grabbed her purse from the floor, dug inside, and pulled out her phone. I sat up on the sofa and she sat beside me, resting her hand on my knee as she held the phone up to her ear.

“Hi, Harrison? Hey, no…I’m fine. No, I didn’t forget. Look, something came up. It was…unavoidable. Yeah…I’m so sorry. I wish I could’ve let you know earlier…”

I continued listening to her side of the conversation as I slid my hand between her thighs and found her treasure, still sticky from our earlier sex. Her eyes widened as she looked at me and stuttered, “Um-uh-H-Harrison, I need to hang up. O…okay? No, I don’t think I caaaaaaan…”

I took the phone from her hand and ended the call, pulling her onto my lap and guiding myself inside of her. As she closed her eyes and began to slide up and down me, she murmured, “You’re wrong for doing that while I was on the phone.”

I smiled, and said, “I know.”





19





“Hello?” KC answered.

“Hey, man. What’s going on?”

“Nothing. Shit, Ryan? This you?”

“You know it’s me, nigga. Stop playing.”

“I wasn’t sure. Your ass barely calls anymore.”

“That’s because you usually beat me to it.”

“What’s going on, man? You calling about the landlord again?”

I smiled, but held the phone for a second.

“Oh, shit! What happened?”

“Man, so I took your advice and talked to her, told her I was feeling her, and we started going out, been seeing each other since the day after I talked to you.”

“Wait, that was like a month ago. Ryan Boyé has been seeing the same woman for a month?!”

“Yeah. You act like that’s impossible.”

“Shit, I thought it was! So y’all are exclusive? You’re not seeing anyone else?”

“I don’t want to see anyone else. She’s all I want. We’re officially in a relationship now.”

“What?!”

“I even met her mom.”

I thought I heard the phone drop, and the next voice I heard was his wife’s. “Ryan, why is my husband on the floor pretending he just passed out?” Sarita asked.

“Because he’s an asshole. Tell him to get his ass up and back on this phone.”

She laughed, and then KC’s stupid ass was back on the phone saying to her, “Baby, write this down: on this day in history, Ryan Boyé entered a monogamous relationship with a woman!”

“Man, would you stop?”

“Ry, this is truly some unbelievable shit. Where’s she at? I wanna talk to her.”

“She’s at her place next door working. She makes natural hair videos for YouTube.”

“Word? I watch some of that stuff with Sarita from time to time. What’s her name?”

“Your ass watches natural hair videos? Nigga, you’re bald.”

“I said I watch them with my woman. Now that you’re in a relationship, you’ll see. They have you doing all kinds of shit you thought you wouldn’t do.”

“She already is. You see I’m in a relationship. Anyway, her name is Angela. I think she’s 4C Angie on YouTube.”

“4C Angie…hold on, man. Hey, Sarita! Do we watch 4C Angie?!”

I heard his wife yell back, “Yeah! We watched her wash and go tutorial last night!”

“Oh, yeah!” he yelled back at her. Then he lowered his voice. “Shit, man. I see why you were so messed up over her, because, damn!”

“I tried to tell you. Fine ain’t even the word.”

“She got nice hair, too. And she makes quality videos. Good editing.”

“Wow.”

“Whatever. Wait till I tell Sarita. She loves watching her videos. You should check them out if you haven’t already.”

“I plan to. Let me go, man. I need to head on over to her place now.”

“All right. Hey, congrats, Ry. I’m happy for you.”

“Thanks, KC.”





When I got to her place, she was all made up with her hair in a big, curly afro, looking good enough to eat in a silky red blouse. I raised my eyebrows at the jogging pants she wore with it.

She followed my eyes, and said, “You can’t see the bottom half of my body on camera, so I just make sure I’m cute from the waist up.”

I leaned in and kissed her. “Oh, I was about to say…”

“Screw you, Ryan.”

“I wish you would.”

She rolled her eyes. “Anyway, I’m still working, so you can hang out here in the living room if you want.”

“Working this late? It’s almost dinner time.”

“I know, but I’m almost finished. Be right back.”

“Can I watch you?”

She gave me a peculiar look. “You wanna watch me make a video review of a temporary hair dye?”

“Yeah.”

She shrugged. “Grab a chair from the kitchen and come on.”

I did, and followed her to the room, looked around at the camera on the tripod and the bright lights facing her, a huge banner with a repeating 4C Angie logo—a cartoon version of her smiling brightly with “4C Angie” written in her hair as curls—hanging on the white wall behind her. There was a small table next to her holding tubes of what I guessed was the temporary hair dye. I decided to sit behind the lights and watch her, but before I could sit down, she said, “Nuh-uh. You’ve got to sit over there, in that corner off-camera behind me. You’re gonna distract me if you sit right in front of me.”

“Distract you? How?”

“I can’t concentrate with you sitting there looking like you look. It’d be my luck to mess around and say something nasty and forget to edit it out and there goes my career.”

I chuckled as I stood and moved the chair. “Damn, I just make you say nasty stuff for no reason?”

“Oh, there’s a reason.”

I grinned and sat down in my new spot and watched as she turned the camera on and started talking about how the dye dried her hair out. She sounded and looked so good, I wasn’t sure if we were going to make it to the restaurant I’d planned on taking her to.

She stopped the camera, turning toward me. “I can’t do this. The fact that you’re even in this room is killing my concentration. You might as well be sitting right next to me.”

I picked up the chair again and placed it next to her. “You need me to help you get through this? I can hold the tubes for you, kiss your neck, have sex with you…”

She gave me a smirk. “This ain’t that type of YouTube channel. And I didn’t mean for you to literally come sit next to me. If you sit there, your ass will be in the video.”

“You don’t want me next to you? I’m not good enough to be on your funky little channel?”

“It ain’t no funky little channel.”

“I know. Okay, if you’re ashamed of me, I’ll move.”

“Ryan, quit. You know I’m not ashamed of you.”

I raised my eyes to her hair. “Did you use that dye on your hair? Looks the same to me.”

“That’s what I need to say in this video. It dried my hair out and the color isn’t even apparent. I’m supposed to have streaks of honey blond in my hair.”

“Wow, for real?”

She smiled at me. “Yeah. Ryan, you really wanna be in this video?”

“You want me to? You know I’ll do anything you want me to do.”

“I get over a hundred thousand views per video…”

I whistled. “Damn! My woman is a star!”

She giggled. “And what if one of those women you messed over sees you in this video and starts leaving crazy comments? I don’t read my comments, because I’m not about to deal with any trolls, but could that effect your job?”

“First of all, I never said I messed over any women; you assumed so.”

“Am I wrong?”

“I’ve already addressed that.”

Her eyes widened. “No, you haven’t! And you’re not going to, are you?”

“Nope. Second, I’m not fucked up about what anyone has to say about me, so let’s do this, 4C Angie.”

“Okay, but no messing around. Your hands better not come near my lap.”

“Damn, baby, I know how to behave myself. I have plenty of self-control.”

“You sure about that?”

“No.”

She shook her head. “And you’re supposed to be a corporate man.”

I smiled and leaned in to kiss her cheek.

She turned her head and kissed me on the lips. “And no cursing. My channel is a family channel.”

“For real? Shit, I’ma just keep my mouth shut, then.”

She restarted the camera, showing me myself on the LCD screen. We looked good together, me sitting taller than her, her darker skin complementing mine. She introduced me to her audience as her boyfriend and I waved, turned and looked at her when she spoke, held up the tubes of dye when she asked me to, played with her hair while she talked about some upcoming online event. Leaned in and kissed her neck, making her giggle when she encouraged her viewers to like her video and subscribe to her channel.

After we were done filming, she said, “That was actually fun.”

“Yeah, and you better not edit me out.”

She laughed. “I won’t. Thanks for behaving yourself.”

I reached over and pulled her onto my lap. “I told you I have self-control.”

She kissed me and tried to stand up, but I held onto her. “Come on,” she said. “I need to go change these pants so we can go to dinner.”

I adjusted her so that she was on top of my erection. “We ain’t going nowhere right now.”

She grinned as she did something she’d never done before. She reached down and unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans, sliding her hand into them and grasping my shaft.

“Mm,” she said. “You’re right. We definitely aren’t going anywhere.”





20





Three hundred thousand views? In two days? Ryan had made my video go viral! Okay, so I really wanted to get mad at the fact that I’d been putting in all this hard work over the years and Ryan just sitting next to me boosted my views like that, but I couldn’t. These women weren’t blind. The man was fine, hot, absolutely gorgeous. Who could blame them for their thirst when my ass was parched from the moment I laid eyes on all six feet of him?

I broke my own rule and read some of the video’s comments. Many were about how cute we were together. A few were calling him by various names, everything except Ryan Boyé, saying things like, “That’s trifling-ass Trey,” so I figured he must’ve had a doppelgänger out there somewhere. A few people even commented on my actual review of the product, but the vast majority of the comments were about how fine and fuckable Ryan was. So I stopped reading the comments, because I wasn’t sure if I should’ve been pissed or flattered.

I was on my porch, thinking about me and Ryan and how much I’d miss him when he left Tennessee. Then I told myself not to think about it, not to think at all and just enjoy what I was feeling, what he was making me feel. I shifted my eyes to his end of the duplex where he rarely spent any time anymore. Over the past few days since we became an official we, he’d eaten dinner, showered, and slept at my place among other very delightful activities. I’d lost count of how many times we’d done that, and it was amazing to me that after years, literal years, of having sex with Benny and then Khalil, I damn near felt like a virgin every time Ryan touched me. What he did to me, the things he made my body experience, were beyond logic and reasoning. No sex should be that good, but Ryan’s was. Hell, I had convinced myself that I couldn’t achieve an orgasm with a man. I was completely wrong. Like Nicky and Ryan said, those other men had no idea what they were doing or just didn’t care.

And it wasn’t just the sex, it was the way he looked at me, listened to me, treated me. And I can’t lie and say I didn’t enjoy the way he pursued me and courted me.

I laughed. And to think I had actually mourned not being with Benny and Khalil when neither of them was half the man Ryan was even on a bad day. I’d never see either of them the same way again.





*****



“You sure you have the camera angled right? Can they see my head?” I asked. My head was in the kitchen sink as Ryan prepared to wash my hair for a co-washing tutorial. I had done one before, but this video was sponsored by a new, black-owned hair care company. They’d sent me three bottles of their mango sunshine conditioner and were paying me well to try it out. I was prepared to film myself washing my own hair when Ryan volunteered to wash it for me. Our other video was approaching one million views, and I think he was enjoying the Internet fame.

“Yeah, baby. They can see your big-ass head.”

“My head isn’t as big as yours.”

“Shiiiiiit, wanna bet?”

“Is the camera on, negro?”

“Yeah, damn, are you gonna edit all this shit we’re talking out?”

“I’m gonna mute the sound and do a voiceover.”

“So they won’t be able to hear anything we say?”

“No, they won’t.”

“So if I say you got the best pussy in the world, they won’t hear it?”

“No, they won’t. But some of them might be able to read your lips, Mr. Project Oversight Manager. Keep playing and mess around and lose that job of yours.”

“Sweetheart, they love me at Sable Inc. I’m invaluable,” he said, shedding his accent and replacing it with an ultra-sophisticated version.

“Is that how you really talk at work?”

“Most days. I know how to code-switch, don’t curse, play the games to get ahead.”

“Don’t you work at a black company?”

“Yeah, but it’s still Corporate America. Same rules apply for the most part.”

“Hmm, you ready? You remember what I told you?”

“Yeah, and I won’t forget to hold the bottle of conditioner up to the camera and let it focus on it.”

“All right, let’s do this.”

“I got it, baby.”

I closed my eyes and smiled as he leaned over my back and began to wet my hair with the sprayer. Moaned softly when he started massaging the conditioner into my hair, letting his fingers graze my scalp. It had been ages since someone other than me washed my hair, and evidently, Ryan was just as deft with his hands on my head as he was other places.

After he was finished and had wrapped a t-shirt around my head to dry my hair of the water without stripping it of moisture as instructed, I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him so deeply, I think I actually startled him a bit. But the way he had washed my hair, so gently, and on camera? Well that turned me completely on.

He gazed down at me as I started tugging on his jogging pants, pulling them down over his ass. “The camera’s still rolling, baby,” he said.

“I know.”





21





“Sooooo, when were you going to tell me about Ryan? It’s a shame I had to run across that hair-washing video on Facebook,” Nicky said. “That thing has a kazillion views! Girl, you are a genius for putting his super-fine ass in your videos.”

I shrugged. “He asked to be in them. And if you took your ass home once in a while, Mama could’ve told you about us since she’s already met him. I mean, after all that whining about Daddy possibly putting you out, your ass is barely there now. Where are you staying anyway? Not with Warren’s fuming ass I hope.”

She smirked. “No, not with Warren. I can’t deal with this whole ‘Mama and Daddy break-up’ thing. I was fine with pretending everything was normal, because hell, I’ve been doing that since I was born. I liked when our parents at least acted like they loved each other. But her putting him out, threatening him? That’s more than I can handle. And I’m not about to hang around the house and watch her cry and shit. That’d be too much for me, so I’ve been alternating staying with Grant and Antonio.”

“I have no idea who these two people are, but I take it you’re screwing both of them?”

“Not at the same time.”

“Oh, well that’s a relief,” I said.

“You think they’d let me stay with them rent-free otherwise? I gotta earn my keep somehow. And anyway, you’re trying to change the subject. We were discussing the man you’re screwing.”

I rolled my eyes and glanced around the restaurant, trying to see if Renee had entered the place. Sitting across from my little sister in the Smoothie Hut, I recalled what Mama said about Nicky inheriting her whorishness from Daddy. I was glad that gene skipped me. That shit had to be exhausting.

“Girl, that video was the most beautiful, romantic thing I’ve ever seen in my life! The way he washed your hair, and the look in his eyes when you stood up and kissed him. I bet y’all had some fun after the video cut off,” Nicky gushed.

I had been apprehensive about leaving that kiss in, but I liked the way it looked. Evidently, so did a lot of other people. Of course I cut out what happened after the kiss, because that was way too hot for YouTube. “So you mean to tell me it took Ryan being in it for you to finally watch one of my videos after all these years?”

“I’ve been busy trying to get my education. Duh.”

“But you’ve had time to screw every Tom, Grant, and Antonio, though?”

“Talk about a broken record. Is he in any other videos?”

“Yeah, a dye review, and we just filmed a Couples Tag last night. It’s not up yet.”

“A Couples Tag? That’s the one where you two count to three and then answer questions about each other at the same time to see how much you know about each other, right? I love those!”

“Yeah, I’ve received a ton of requests on social media for us to do one.”

“Angie, how long have y’all been together?”

“Hmm, must be close to two months now.”

Before she could continue her interrogation, Renee finally arrived looking harried.

Nicky didn’t care how she looked as she exclaimed, “Damn! About time! I’m about to starve to death!”

Renee fell into a chair at the table, and mumbled, “Sorry. Work is crazy. Let’s go order.”

We all filed to the counter, placed our orders, and since I was paying, Nicky lost her mind, ordering two salads, two turkey wraps, and three smoothies, explaining that she would take the extra food home—wherever that was supposed to be—for later. That kind of concerned me and made me wonder what was really going on behind that carefree front she was putting up.

As we settled back at the table, I set the vibrating coaster before me, and said, “Nicky, you can come stay with me if you really hate living at home that much.”

She looked up at me with glistening eyes. “What?”

“You’re my sister, and I feel some kind of way about you living with and sleeping with men who don’t even feed you.”

Renee said, “Whoa, what’d I miss?”

I looked at Nicky who informed Renee of her living arrangements.

“You can stay with me, too. I know you hate Robert, but he’s hardly ever home now, so…”

“And home with Mama is still an option, because I assure you, she is not sitting up in that house crying over Daddy,” I offered.

Nicky frowned. “How do you know that?”

I sighed, and said, “Please don’t say anything about this to her, but…” By the time I finished my story about Mama and her side dude, both Renee and Nicky wore slack-jawed expressions.

Then Nicky grinned, and said, “Go, Mama! I’m going back home today!”

Renee’s expression had morphed into one of alarm. “Mama is cheating on Daddy?”

“Yeah,” Nicky responded. “And it’s about time!”

I shook my head. “Well, it’s not right, but I understand why she’s doing it.”

Renee said, “Wow.”

“Back to you, Ang. So, this thing with Ryan is serious?” Nicky asked.

I nodded. “We’re exclusive, spend most of our time together, and I enjoy being with him. And I don’t wanna hear no shit from you about me being in another relationship. It is what it is and I’m loving it.”

Nicky raised her hands. “No shit from me, because Ryan is most definitely relationship worthy. I bet he’s wearing your ass out, too! Looks like you’re getting laid properly from the way you were swinging your ass on the way to that counter a minute ago.”

“Nicky, please stop,” I said.

“And he must really like the right side of your neck, because it’s damn near one big solid hicky on that side.”

I sighed and tried not to smile.

“It looks like he’s crazy about you, too. I saw that hair-washing video last night and it brought me to tears,” Renee interjected.

I had to admit that when I was doing the voiceover and editing the video, my heart swelled at seeing him take such care with me.

“And when he stopped washing your hair for a second and kissed the back of your neck and then licked his lips? Girl, I just melted,” Renee added.

“I forgot about that part!” Nicky said. “That was hot!”

That was my favorite part, another part I’d debated cutting but was glad I left in, mostly so I could see it myself over and over again.

I smiled. “Yeah, he was sweet to wash it for me. Felt good, too. And he did a great job.”

“I bet it felt better than good,” Nicky suggested.

The little coaster started blinking and buzzing, so I left to get the food with Nicky in tow to help me carry it. We were at the counter getting the trays when a voice from behind me said, “You get anything for me?”

I set the tray down and spun around to find Ryan standing there wearing a huge grin on his face. “What are you doing here? Did I tell you this was where I was meeting my sisters?”

He pulled me into his arms and kissed me. “No, I actually just had a taste for one of their acai bowls. You being here is an added bonus.”

“Come join us, Ryan,” Nicky damn near shouted from behind me. “We’re right over there.” I assumed she was pointing our table out.

“All right, I’ll be over after I place my order.”

Once Ryan joined us, Renee and Nicky just stared at him with these goofy-ass grins on their faces. I sighed. Ryan chuckled.

“When are y’all gonna start grilling me? I know you want to,” he said.

“Well, since you asked…” Nicky began.

“Nicky, you better not,” I said.

Renee leaned forward. “All I gotta say is thank you for making my sister so happy. She deserves to be happy.”

He grasped my hand. “Well, we’re even then, because she makes me happy. Very happy.”

“OMG, I literally love you two,” Nicky said.

We four ended up discussing me and Ryan’s YouTube videos and not much else as we ate our food. It was a lively discussion, so I hadn’t noticed the table of ladies who’d evidently been watching us until all three of them approached the table, and one of them said, “Um, we were just sitting over there trying to figure out if you were really 4C Angie, and then we saw him and we knew it was you. Can we get a picture with you, with both of you?”

Ryan’s eyebrows flew up. “Me, too?”

“Yeah!” another of the ladies said. “We love both of you. We were just saying how cute 4C Angie and Ryan are together.”

He looked at me. I hadn’t mentioned to him that I included his first name in the hair-washing video’s description. I’d simply introduced him as my boyfriend in the first video. I’d said his name in the tag video, but he knew it wasn’t up yet.

“You two really should do a Couples Tag,” the third girl said.

“We did last night. Baby’s got to edit it,” Ryan informed them.

“Awwww, he called her baby,” all three women gushed.

Ryan shrugged. “That’s what she is. My baby.”

We took pictures with them, and after we reclaimed our seats, Renee asked, “So how does it feel to be a YouTube star, Ryan?”

He shook his head. “I’m the costar, she’s the star, and I’m cool with it. Just as long as I can be with your sister, I’m good with whatever.”

Nicky smiled and looked at me. “I want one just like him.”

Renee said, “Hell…me, too.”





32





I fucked up. I mean, I seriously fucked up. I’d just finished getting reamed by my direct supervisor for making a rookie, first-year-on-the job mistake. I knew my boss was an ass, had seen him unleash on plenty of people before, but not me. Not that I didn’t deserve it. I sighed, rested my elbows on my desk, and squeezed my forehead. I didn’t do shit like this. Ever. But the fact remained that I did do it, and sitting before me was the evidence. Crammed into my office was box after box of substandard linens, towels, glassware, and travel-sized hygiene products.

Audrey, the franchisee, had opted to purchase the items from a vendor other than the one that usually provided them to Sable Inns and Suites franchises, the company we had an exclusive contract with to provide these items. I knew why she did it, because it was cheaper to go through the other vendor. A lot of franchisees tried stuff like that to cut costs. That was why I was there. That was my job, to oversee everything from purchase orders to staff hiring to ensure shit like this didn’t happen.

But it happened, and on my watch.

Shit.

I had looked over the order before she submitted it and somehow not paid attention to the vendor. When she signed the contract, the one I went over with her line by fucking line in my office in Houston, I made it clear to her that it was a must to use Sable Inc.’s partner vendors. The CEO was adamant about that, very nearly obsessive about it, because the company that provided our hotels with these items was black-owned, and he had made it his mission to support other black-owned businesses. So I made all of that crystal clear to her, thinking, assuming she would adhere to the rules she’d signed in agreement of. I thought and assumed wrong, and got my ass handed to me because of it.

But the fact that she’d ordered this bullshit wasn’t the worst of it. I personally assisted her with making arrangements to return the items, and I got on my computer and ordered them from the correct company for her, but it would be two weeks before they could fulfill the order. Two damn weeks, which meant the opening of the hotel would be delayed for two weeks, which made an oversight that I might have been able to conceal from my boss one I was forced to report.

I sat up and fell against the back of my chair, closing my eyes as my ears rang from my boss’s words. He was pissed, and rightfully so, asking me if maybe I needed to be replaced, if I was tired or maybe distracted, and then his ass took things too far when he said, “Maybe your YouTube filming schedule is hampering your ability to do your job.”

That pissed me off, so despite the fact that I was on thin ice, I said, “Are you telling me what I can and can’t do with my free time?”

“No!” he shouted, making me pull the phone from my ear. “What I’m telling you is until the hotel is up and running, you don’t have any free time!”

And then his ass hung up on me. So there I sat, two hours after the time I’d usually get off work, staring at boxes, rehashing the conversation, and trying to deny the truth.

I was distracted.

Very distracted.

But the problem was, I didn’t want to stop being distracted. I didn’t want to spend more time working and less time with Angela. I didn’t want to stop making videos with her. I liked my life as it was, but I also didn’t want to lose my job.

I grabbed my keys and stood, glancing around the office before leaving, realizing that sitting there giving myself a headache was not going to fix anything.





*****



I used the key she’d given me and let myself into her side of the duplex, dropping onto her sofa and tossing my keys onto her coffee table. I sat there staring at the floor, still suffering from the effects of a fucked-up day at work. When she entered the room, I looked up and gave her an unconvincing smile, said, “Hey, baby,” and dropped my eyes to the floor again.

She slid into my lap and I wrapped my arms around her, kissing her gently on the lips and pulling her tightly to me.

“What’s wrong?” she asked, as she hugged me back, resting her head on my shoulder, a cloud of soft, kinky hair brushing against my cheek.

“Work.”

She sat up and looked me in the eye. “What happened?”

I sighed, rubbed my forehead, and slowly told her.

“Anyone can make a mistake, baby. Don’t be so hard on yourself,” she offered.

I shook my head. “It was a stupid mistake, Angela. I don’t make mistakes like that. My boss asked me if I was distracted, brought up our videos…”

I could feel her body stiffen. “What’d you say?”

“That I’d fix it. And I did.”

“No, about me being a distraction. Do you think I’m a distraction, Ryan?”

“Honestly? Yeah, a big one.”

She stood from my lap. “Hmm, well…you’ve been here, what? Five months now? That means you’ve only got a month left to be distracted by me, so I guess that’s a good thing.”

I leaned forward and dropped my head. “You gotta bring that up now? And it’s actually six weeks, not a month. My little fuck-up bought us two more weeks.”

As soon as I said that, I regretted it. It didn’t come out right, sounded all wrong.

She stared at me. “Bought us two more weeks? So…what? We’re over when you leave?”

“Angela, I did not say that. That’s not what I said at all, and I’m stressed the hell out right now. I just almost lost my damn job. Now is not the time for us to discuss this.”

She cocked her head to the side and scoffed. “When is a good time to discuss it, Ryan? When you leave in a month—oh, my bad. I forgot you bought us some more time together.”

“Damn, really? You wanna do this now after the day I had? For real, Angela?”

“I just wanna know what’s gonna happen when your job here is over since you’re the one who said you’d figure something out. What’s the plan, Ryan? When do you plan on sharing it with me, because I’m on pins and needles wondering what’s going to happen. I’m in this relationship and I have no clue what direction it’s going in!”

“Shit, neither do I, because I haven’t figured it out yet! Damn! What do you think I’m gonna do? Dump you three seconds before I hop on a plane back to Houston?”

“That’s the fucking point, Ryan! I don’t know!”

“Angela! I can’t think about this shit right now!”

“Have you been thinking about it at all?”

“Angie—”

“You haven’t, have you? What are you doing? Just hoping this situation will fix itself? Well, it won’t! Either we’re going to be together or we’re not. You need to tell me which one it is.”

“Do you wanna break up? Is that it?! Is this your way of telling me?!”

Her face softened a little as she furrowed her brow. “Ryan, I didn’t—”

“You know what? Fuck it! Let’s break up right now so your ass won’t be in fucking suspense anymore. That’s what you want, right? You’re so damn convinced it’s gonna happen, then I’ll make it happen. It was fun, I enjoyed it, but whatever. It’s over. Done.”

Her eyes were glassy, and as she lowered them, a single tear trickled down her face. That’s when I realized what I’d done. That was the old Ryan saying that stuff to her. The ain’t-shit Ryan. Ain’t-shit Ryan didn’t exist on the same plane as Angela, and up until that moment, I thought he couldn’t exist in her presence. But somehow, his stupid ass had popped up, and now Angela’s Ryan was left to deal with the consequences.

She slightly shook her head and looked back up at me, her eyes now full of tears. She didn’t say anything. She didn’t have to.

“Baby,” I said softly, “I didn’t mean that. I’m sorry. It’s just…I had a bad day. I told you now wasn’t a good time to talk about this.”

She raised her eyebrows and wiped her eyes with the hem of her t-shirt. “So this is my fault?”

“No…no, baby. That’s not what I meant. Baby, I’m sorry. What do you want me to say? I don’t know how to deal with shit like this…”

“I don’t want you to say anything. I want you to go. Just go, Ryan.”

“Where am I supposed to go?” I asked, actually perplexed at the thought of leaving her. What was I supposed to do with the hours between now and when I had to be back at work besides spend them with her, laughing, talking, eating, making love…

She shrugged. “I don’t care. You just need to go. If you don’t, I will. But I don’t wanna see your face. I don’t wanna hear your voice. I just want you to get the fuck out of my house.”

My heart squeezed in my chest and for a full five minutes, all I could do was stand there staring at her.

She finally shook her head and left the living room. I followed her until she entered the bathroom and slammed the door in my face, screaming from the other side, “Ryan, go!”

So I left.





I went back to work. Couldn’t think of anywhere else to go. I would’ve gone to a bar to drink my sorrow away, but if anyone had even said hi to me, I probably would’ve cursed them out. I didn’t want to be around people unless they were named Angela Strickland. And I had fucked up so royally with her, that was out of the question. As I sat in my dark office in the empty hotel that smelled of paint and wood and cardboard, I told myself this was for the best. I wasn’t wired for this relationship stuff. Trying to navigate the world of monogamy was like rocket science to me. I was bound to mess things up with her. I was kidding myself trying to be in a committed relationship. Whoever I was with her wasn’t really me anyway.

I shook my head at my own stupidity. Sitting there in the dark over a damn woman. I didn’t do shit like this. What I needed was to get ahold of myself and take my ass somewhere and find me another woman, a good one-night-stand partner, someone I could screw with no attachments. Yeah, that was exactly what I needed, some random, no-strings-attached pussy.

I snatched my keys up from my desk, and said to myself, “Yeah, that’s exactly what I need.”





33





I don’t know why I pushed him. I could tell he was stressed, a state I’d never seen him in before. Ryan was laid back, happy, intense when it came to intimacy, but stressed? Never. So why had I pushed him?

Because I wanted to know what the future held. Because the possibility of us ending when his job did always resided in the back of my mind. Because I loved him, loved him fiercely, and the idea of losing someone I loved that much scared me to death.

So I asked.

The timing couldn’t have been more wrong, but I asked. And he said what he said, breaking my heart, shattering it beyond repair. I thought I’d had my heart broken before by Benny and Khalil, but those were only little scratches. Ryan had actually split my heart in two, and I wasn’t sure if I would ever recover.

I sat on my bathroom floor, on the ice blue rug, hugging my knees with tears flooding my cheeks. I shouldn’t have ever started up with him, but if I hadn’t, I would’ve never known what it felt like to love him, and I wouldn’t trade having loved him for anything in the world. I was hurt, but I wanted him back.

But it was too late for that. It was over. He’d said so. So that made it law, because he was Ryan Boyé, and Ryan Boyé was a man who always got what he wanted, including me. I was his to throw away, and he’d thrown me away.

And it was my fault.

I should’ve just listened to him, offered some support, screwed him, anything other than starting a damn argument. And maybe I shouldn’t have told him to leave.

I shook my head as I lay on my side and hugged myself. Eventually, I cried myself to sleep on the bathroom floor.





*****



I wasn’t sure how much time had passed when a bumping sound awakened me. I was sure it was late, but I’d left my phone somewhere in my apartment and I didn’t have a watch on. I sat up, tried to get my bearings and blink away the pounding headache that made it hard to think.

The bumping sound returned, and I recognized it as knocking. Someone, most likely Ryan, was knocking on the bathroom door. Almost reflexively, I reached to unlock it, then remembered what was said, what he’d said, and drew my hand back.

“Angie!” he called through the door. “Angela?! Are you still in there?”

I just sat there with my eyes on the door, unable to answer him.

“Look, I know you don’t wanna talk to me or see me, but if you’re in there, would you say something? Are you okay?”

Tears filled my eyes again, though I could’ve sworn I’d cried them all out. I bit my bottom lip and turned my back to the door, wrapping my arms around my knees again.

“Angela, baby, say something. I don’t wanna kick this door down, but I will.”

“I’m fine, Ryan,” I said in an unreliable, shaky voice.

“Okay…good.”

There was silence, and for a moment, I thought he’d left, which made me feel relieved, and at the same time, made me want to curl up in a ball and waste away.

Then I heard, “Angela, I need to say something to you. I need you to listen to me, and then if you want me to go, I’ll go.”

I didn’t reply.

“All right. Baby, I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry. What I said…look, I’m a fucked-up dude, I got all these issues, and I’m scared of commitment and shit. I honestly don’t deserve you. You’re too good for me. I know that, but…but I love you, Angela. I do, and I was just stressed and I don’t deal with stress or conflict well. I don’t know how to deal with it. So for most of my life, I’ve just avoided it. That’s why I didn’t do relationships before. But you…I’m different with you. I…”

His voice trailed off and I lifted my head, turned around, and stared at the door.

“Angela, I don’t want to lose you and I don’t wanna lose who I am with you. Look, baby, I know you’re scared about the future, and so am I, but I can promise you this, the end of my job here won’t be the end of us. I just need more time to figure out how to make that happen. I know you think this should be easy, but it’s hard for me.”

My face screwed all up as more tears came. I buried it between my knees and hiccupped air.

“Angie?”

I sniffled, and stuttered out, “You-you love me?”

“From the bottom of my damn soul, baby. Been driving around all night, trying to convince myself that I didn’t, because the thought of it scares the shit out of me. But I do. I love you, and I need you. And I’m sorry for hurting you.”

I fumbled with the lock on the doorknob, finally getting it to turn. When Ryan opened the door and looked down at me, his eyes red-rimmed, wearing a worried and exhausted expression on his face, I said, “You didn’t get any sleep?”

“How could I?” he asked, as he sat on the bathroom floor beside me, drawing me into his arms.

“But you have work.”

“I know. I’ll be all right.” He kissed my forehead. “Are you all right?”

I nodded against his chest. “I am now. I’m sorry for pushing you. You were already stressed and I just added to it.”

“But that doesn’t make what I said right.”

“Ryan, I knew you didn’t mean it when you said it. I could see it in your eyes, knew it in my heart, but it hurt to hear it. It hurt to think you could even say it whether you meant it or not. And then you left…and I started thinking you meant it.”

“Baby, you told me to leave.”

“I know, I just…you hurt me.”

He rubbed his hand up and down my back. “I’m sorry. I…that wasn’t me. Not the me I am with you. That was someone I used to be. Someone who never gave a damn about anyone but himself. You helped me become better. I don’t know what else to say but I’m sorry, baby. I am.”

“I believe you.”

“And I love you.”

“I love you, too.”

“No one’s said that to me since my mother died.”

I looked up at him. “Baby…”

“It’s all right. It’s just good to finally hear it again. Especially coming from you.”

“I mean it. I do love you. I love you so much.”

“Me, too, baby.”

“And Ryan, I’m sorry for distracting you from your job.”

“Nah, that’s on me. Just gotta learn how to balance things.”

We sat in silence for a few minutes, and then Ryan stood and reached for my hand, “Come on. Let’s go to bed. Maybe I can get a couple of hours of sleep in.”

“Okay.”





I stared at my puffy eyes in the mirror and sighed, still unsure of how I felt. I was relieved he was back and that we had an understanding of sorts. He was sorry and he loved me and he was going to figure something out. I believed him. I truly did, but it was hard for me to push my misgivings away. Time was marching on, and I had no idea what “figuring things out” sounded like. I loved him, I didn’t want to lose him, and I was worried.

I sighed again as I grabbed my toothbrush and wet it. I had no idea why I was up so early other than the fact that my troubling thoughts refused to let me sleep and I was tired of lying in bed listening to Ryan breathe while I stared at the ceiling. His arm had felt good draped across my waist, but it had provided little comfort to me.

I squeezed a bit of toothpaste onto my toothbrush, but before I could shove it into my mouth, Ryan appeared in the mirror behind me, and although he had slept, he still looked tired. He wordlessly moved the thin strap of the tank top I’d slept in—as my late grandmother would put it— ready-roll and kissed my shoulder. Then he reached around and cupped both of my breasts through my shirt, squeezing the nipples until they were hard enough to cut glass while nibbling on my neck at the same time. I dropped the toothbrush in the sink and leaned against him, closing my eyes and releasing a moan. His hands left my breasts and I felt him gently push against my upper back, encouraging me to bend over the counter. I did, opening my eyes and meeting his in the mirror as he slid my panties to the side and entered me, releasing a moan that matched mine.

His eyes held mine as he glided in and out of my wetness, gripping my hips and licking his lips. “Baby,” he murmured, the first word he’d uttered since beginning this ambush.

“You’re gonna be late for work…” I whined as I grabbed for…something, finally wrapping my hand around the faucet, whimpering with each thrust he delivered.

“Angela…” he muttered. “Angela…”

I guess he didn’t care about being late for work.

I took my other hand and reached behind me, groping for him and finally landing on the bare skin of his muscular stomach. “Ryan…”

He leaned forward, pressing his lips to my back. “I love you,” he grunted. “I love you so much.”

“I…love…you…too…” I replied, as the pressure building inside of me made it hard to breathe, speak, think.

He placed his hands on my shoulders, closing his eyes as he thrusted deeper and deeper and deeper until…

“Ahhhhhhhh!!” we yelled in unison, our fused bodies seizing in concert.

Ryan rested his head on my back. “I love you, baby. I love you…”

“I love you, too, Ryan.”





34





It’d been two weeks since I almost lost her.

That night, I’d left the hotel fully intending to forget about her by replacing her. Went to a bar and was quickly approached by a tall, sexy sister, the kind of sexy most men would jump through hoops to get a taste of. She sat next to me, offered to buy me a drink, and at first, I thought I’d hit the jackpot. Then she flipped her hair and the scent of her perfume hit my nose. It was the same perfume Angela always wore. But she wasn’t Angela, and the perfume smelled different on this woman. When I smelled it on Angela, it reminded me of how it felt to hold her in my arms or listen to her breathe at night if she fell asleep before I did. But most of all, it made me think of making love to her.

As the woman talked about…hell, I don’t know what she was saying. Didn’t hear a word of it. All I could think about was how she was wearing Angela’s perfume but shouldn’t have been, because she wasn’t Angela. She didn’t look like her or sound like her, and I was one hundred percent sure she wouldn’t feel like her, either. As the woman smiled at me, probably waiting for me to respond to whatever she said, I realized I could sleep with ten women that night, and not one of them would feel like Angela or smell like Angela, or make me feel the way I felt when I was with her. So I paid for my drinks, the one I’d ordered but never touched, and the one the woman ordered for me that still sat full on the bar, too, and then I left, climbed in my car, and rode around until I came to terms with the fact that for the first time in my life, I was in love.

Now, in my car, as Angela reached over and hit the scan button on my radio, I glanced at her, and said, “Uh-uh. Driver is the DJ. Stop messing with the radio, Angie.”

She smirked. “What are you gonna do if I don’t? Spank me?”

“Yeah. Hard, too.”

She reached over and hit the seek button.

“Your freaky ass wants me to spank you, don’t you?”

She shrugged.

I grinned. “You think your mama’s gotten hot in the ass? Look at you. I remember a time when you acted all shy, buried your face in my chest, would damn near pass out at the thought of an orgasm. Now you just be taking the dick from me, waking me up on top of me and shit.”

She raised an eyebrow and turned in her seat as far as the seatbelt would let her to face me. “Isn’t that what I’m supposed to do with good dick? Enjoy it?”

I grinned harder. “Is it good, Angie?”

“You know it is. And anyway, you got a problem with me taking it?”

“Hell, naw! I’m just saying…”

“And, how can I take something that belongs to me? I mean, it is mine, right?”

“It’s yours like a motherfucker.”

“That’s what I thought. You keep talking shit, Ryan, and I’ma cut you off.”

“No you won’t.”

“Sure won’t.”

I chuckled as I reached over and squeezed her knee. “So this thing we’re going to, the Coily-Con? Is it a big event?”

She nodded. “Yeah, it’s a pretty popular convention. They hold it in a different city every year.”

“And this year it’s in Memphis, huh? What happens at these events? What do people do there?”

“Well, I’ve only been to a couple, but there are vendors, tons of them. And panels. I’m on the ‘ABC’s of Type 4 Hair’ panel tomorrow. Then, on the third night, there’s the Coily Awards dinner.”

“Hmm…”

She smiled. “You ready to back out now? Sound too boring?”

“Naw, baby. Can’t get bored if I’m with you. I’m looking forward to it. Can’t wait to get to the hotel.”

“Tired? I can drive if you are.”

“No, we’re only thirty minutes away, and I’m not tired, I’m horny.”

“Shit, me too.”

We both laughed.

“Hey,” she said. “Thanks for coming with me. I know things are crazy at work.”

I shook my head. “Things are okay. I think I’ve put out all the fires and my boss has calmed down. I’m not going to think about work this weekend. I’m just going to enjoy being with you.”

“And hundreds of other, probably thirsty women.”

“Baby, we could be in a crowd of a million women and I’d only see you. You got me, Angela. I’m yours.”

She reached over and rested her hand on my cheek. “And I’m yours.”





35





We arrived in Memphis that evening, receiving our Coily-Con bags when we checked in. We spent the whole evening in our room, watching TV, eating room service, talking, and doing what we do best, trying out the bed. I think Ryan was actually more excited than I was, because after breakfast the next morning, he dressed in a pair of jeans and his complimentary Coily-Con t-shirt, and left to check out the convention center, which was adjoined to the hotel, saying, “I know it’s gonna take your ass a year to get ready. I’ll be back.”

I rolled my eyes, yelling from the bathroom, “Whatever!”

When he made it back twenty minutes later, I was sitting on the side of the bed in my bra and panties, untwisting my hair. He sat in a chair and grabbed the TV remote, giving me a smirk.

“I had to put on a full face of make-up, Ryan,” I offered as an explanation for still not being ready.

“I didn’t say anything.”

“You thought it.”

He shook his head as he clicked through the channels.

I eyed him looking gorgeous from his face to his Nikes. “Have I told you lately how fine you are?”

He shook his head again. “Nah, but you keep talking like that, and we might never make it to the conference.”

“How’d it look?”

“Nice, filling up.”

“That your way of telling me to hurry?”

“Naw, baby. You’re 4C Angie. I know you’ve got to look your best, but honestly, you always look beautiful to me. You could’ve rolled out of bed and not washed your ass and you still would stand out in the crowd.”

I left the bed and slid into his lap, wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him. “Aw, thank you, baby.”

He rested a hand on my thigh and kissed me back. “Mm-hmm. You’re gonna start someth—” His phone started buzzing and I stood from his lap. “Don’t run,” he said as he checked the screen.

I grinned as I stepped into the bathroom to finger-comb my hair.

“Hello? Hey, man…Yeah, we’re in Memphis…No, not yet…Waiting on Angie’s slow ass…”

“Who is that?!” I yelled from the bathroom.

“My boy, KC. He wants to talk to you.”

I walked into the room, and as I took the phone from him, Ryan said, “Put it on speaker.”

When I strode back into the bathroom, ignoring his request, he yelled, “KC, your ass better not lie on me!”

“Hello?” I said into the phone.

“Hey, Angela? First, I wanna tell you me and my wife love your videos.”

“Thanks, I appreciate you guys for watching.”

“KC! Man, I promise you better not be telling her some bullshit!” Ryan yelled.

“And I don’t know if you know it, but Ryan is crazy about you.”

I smiled. “I know. I’m crazy about him, too.”

“KC, I swear I’ma kick your ass the next time I see you!”

I closed the bathroom door. “Hey, he told me you work at Sable Inc., too?”

“Yeah, I told him about the job he has now.”

“Is everything okay at work? He won’t really tell me anything. He won’t discuss work with me since…”

“Since he got in trouble a couple of weeks ago? Yeah, Ryan doesn’t deal with problems well. But work is cool. Glenn, his boss? He’s a prick, one of the few that work at this company, but he actually likes Ryan because he’s good at what he does. The buzz around here is the project in Romey is going well despite the delay.”

“Good. He’s been working seven days a week since that happened and I wasn’t sure if he should come here with me, but he insisted.”

“No, I think he’s good. At least from what I can tell. Hey, I just wanted to thank you for putting up with his ass. You’re good for him.”

I giggled. “Well, he’s good for me. He’s good to me, too.”

“He better be. Be sure to get my number from him. Call me if you need me to straighten his ass out.”

“I will.”

A minute later, I opened the bathroom door to find Ryan standing on the other side of it. I handed him his phone, and said, “You really did all that stuff?”

His brow furrowed and alarm filled his eyes, which were more brown than green at that moment. “What stuff? What the hell did KC tell you?”

I laughed. “Nothing bad.”

He tossed the phone on the bed and grabbed me from behind, sliding his hand down the front of my panties, quickly finding my sensitive spot. “You wanna play, huh?”

“Wait, baby. I’m tryna get ready…”

He clamped his mouth to my neck, pulling my skin into it and ignoring my words. We finally left for the convention an hour later.





*****





The convention hall was a sea of aisles of booths and clumps of people. We barely had a chance to peruse two booths before a group of women wearing t-shirts that read, “I want Ryan to wash my hair,” accosted us, gushing about our videos and requesting pictures with us. Well, they really just wanted pictures with Ryan, but he always made sure I was standing by his side when the pictures were taken. It really didn’t bother me that he was now the star of my channel. I mean, if I were a woman watching those videos, my focus wouldn’t be on me, either. Shit, a blind woman would be attracted to his voice alone. So I let him have his shine, because I knew he was mine. Like KC had said, he was crazy about me. Even the droves of women who damn near tackled him in that convention hall knew it, with most of them declaring, “4C Angie, this man loves you! You could just feel it in that hair-washing video!” The same hair-washing video that now had four million views.

Four. Million.

Yeah, he loved me, and the world loved him.

We somehow managed to check out quite a few booths in between the impromptu photo shoots, and I made it to my panel on time. There was a huge turnout for the panel, and as I sat on a stool onstage next to a litany of natural hair stars feeling nervous about my first major live appearance, I locked eyes with Ryan who stood front and center, smiling at me. As anxious as I was, I murdered that panel.

When it was over, he met me onstage, pulling me into a hug and a kiss right there in front of everybody, and through the loud chorus of “oohs” and “aahs,” he whispered in my ear, “I’m so proud of you, baby.”





36





The Coily-Con was actually a lot of fun. Exhausting, but fun. Never thought I’d say that shit about a natural hair convention. My ass was turning into KC. Or worse. Hell, I was turning into a natural hair celebrity. Not that I minded. I just wished I’d thought of those “I want Ryan to wash my hair” t-shirts. I saw at least thirty people wearing them, asked one lady where she’d bought it, and she said from a store online. Someone was making a killing!

Sunday was pretty much just like Saturday. We checked out some more of the vendors, I bought Baby a ton of shit, and we caught a couple of panels before heading back to our room to rest and get ready for the awards dinner that night.

It was black tie, but since I didn’t bring a tuxedo with me to Tennessee, I settled for a black suit that Angela said made me look so good it made her want to screw my ancestors. She wore a black dress that fit her ass like a glove, stopped at the middle of her thighs, and made me want to put hickies on both of her legs. Suffice it to say, we looked good when we stepped into the hotel’s ballroom together.

We settled at our assigned table, a huge round one covered with a black table cloth with ivory roses as a centerpiece, and were soon joined by six women, all of whom were natural hair bloggers or vloggers that Angela said she knew by name only, but Nappy Nina, Naturally Shay, Kinky Hair Don’t Care, Got Curls?, Braid and Slay, and Goldie Locs were all friendly and excited to meet both me and Angie.

Looking around, I realized there were very few men in the room as had been the case the entire weekend, but it really didn’t bother me. I had half-expected to be confronted by some chick I’d messed over, but either the women of my past weren’t into the whole natural hair scene, or they just didn’t want to confront me. Either way, I was prepared to lie if I had to. I was not losing my woman over some bullshit from the past.

Baby was pointing out someone to me, supposedly some famous YouTuber. I nodded and said something about the lady being on one of the panels we’d attended earlier, and when I turned my head, I saw her approaching us. I quickly shifted my eyes back to the famous YouTuber and thought to myself, was that…? But then I turned and fixed my eyes on her again, and the closer she got, the more I realized it was her, and my first thought was—

Angela hopped up and shrieked, “Alexis!”

Shit.

“Hey!” Alexis shouted back, walking into Angela’s open arms, and the two women hugged like lifelong friends.

Damn.

What kind of luck did I have for the one woman I’d messed over in the whole state of Tennessee to know Angela? Okay, so there was more than one, but whatever.

“Hey, you haven’t met Ryan, have you?” Angela asked.

Fuck.

Alexis shifted her eyes to me and narrowed them. “Oh, we’ve met, but Ryan? I thought your name was Trey. Good to see you actually didn’t just fall off the face of the earth since that’s what I thought when you stopped answering my calls all out of the blue.”

Thankfully, she wasn’t being loud, but still…fuck my life.

I stood and shook her hand like I hadn’t screwed her brains out on more than one occasion. “Uh, that’s my nickname,” I lied. “Nice to see you again, Alexis. And sorry about the phone thing. I just got, uh, really busy.”

“Mm-hmm.” She pursed her lips as she slipped her hand out of mine and looked at Angela. “It was nice seeing you, Angie.” Then she left, throwing her ass so hard she probably threw her spine out of alignment.

Although Alexis hadn’t really caused that much of a scene, I was still scared, literally scared to look at Angela, but shit, I had to. When I did, she just stared back at me with this little smirk on her face.

“Baby, I—”

The MC shouted a greeting into the microphone, signaling the beginning of the ceremony, and Angela focused her attention on the stage. I just sat my ass there wishing I could disappear. Of all the damn luck…

I was quiet during the ceremony, uncomfortably quiet, clapping when appropriate, smiling and laughing with the rest of the crowd. Baby was doing the same things, but my mind never strayed from the fact that she was probably going to curse my ass out when we got back to the room. I had planned to slide my hand under the table and into her panties and play with her during the ceremony since there was a huge tablecloth on the table and I knew she liked when I did stuff like that, even though she sometimes acted like she didn’t. But Alexis had cancelled that plan.

Angie won vlogger of the year, and I hopped my ass up and kissed her like she’d won an Oscar. I was so proud of her, I almost forgot about the whole Alexis thing. But as soon as we were in the room alone and she went into the bathroom, closing the door behind her without saying a word to me, I remembered.

I heard her running water in the sink, figured she was washing her face or brushing her teeth or both, so I undressed, sat on the side of the bed in my boxer briefs, and waited for her.

She finally stepped out, make-up free, wearing only her bra and panties, and walked over to the closet to hang her dress up.

“Baby, uh, about Alexis. We—it was before us, before me and you.”

“Hmm, I figured that,” she said, as she squatted in front of the closet and dug in her overnight bag.

“And I was different then. I gave her a fake name, because…shit, I don’t even know. But like I told you, I’m different with you.”

She stood with a small bottle of lotion in her hand and sat beside me on the bed. “I know.”

“You were right. I messed over a lot of women before, including a couple of others here in Tennessee, too, before we got together. Look, my mom dying when I was a kid kind of messed me up. My brother, too. Only his ass can’t stay out of the pen. And our father wasn’t shit, still ain’t shit, brought all these different women in that tiny, claustrophobic-ass house over the years, making us call them Mama, when none of them could ever replace my mother. Half of them were crazy or didn’t know how to treat kids. Most of their asses couldn’t even cook. We had to learn how to act around them, and by the time we learned one, he’d replace them with another one. It was hard to deal with and it made me bitter and angry, and I just ended up being this selfish asshole. But I’m not like that with you.”

She stopped rubbing the lotion on her face and looked me in the eye. “I’m sorry about your childhood, Ryan. It breaks my heart to know you went through that, baby. It really does. I’m so, so sorry.”

She sounded sincere, had compassion in her eyes. Still, I stared at her, waited a second, and said, “But?”

She shook her head as she turned for me to unhook her bra. I unfastened it and slid my hand down her back.

“But, nothing,” she said, as she pulled the bra straps down her arms.

“You’re not mad?”

She stood and kicked her panties off. “About what?”

I licked my lips as she stood naked before me. “Me messing over Alexis. You two are friends, right?”

She stepped between my legs. “Not really. I mean, we’re Internet friends. We comment on each other’s posts, like each other’s pictures, retweet, stuff like that. We live in the same town, but this is my first time ever meeting Lexxi Curls in person.”

“Oh, so do you want to talk about…anything?”

She fell to her knees in front of me. “What’s there to talk about?”

As she reached into my underwear and grabbed my shit, I sucked in a breath, moaned a little, and said, “Alexis or Lexy or whatever her name is.”

She tugged on my underwear and I lifted my ass to help her take it off. “No,” she said, grasping my erection and flicking her tongue across the head.

I fell back on my elbows. “Shit!”

Still gripping me in her hand, she said, “Ryan, my daddy has been cheating on my mother since the beginning of time, my brother-in-law cheats on my sister, both of my past boyfriends cheated on me. I know the signs, and I know them well. Could write a book about it. You haven’t given me any reason not to trust you. If you say you and Alexis and whatever you two had was before us, I believe you.”

She wrapped her mouth around me and I closed my eyes, groaned, “Okay, baby. Because you know…I…love…you.”

“Mm-hmm,” she hummed, as she slid me in and out of her mouth.

“Damn—shit!” I yelled, sitting up and looking down at her, placing my hand on her head. “Baby?”

She didn’t answer. Well, I guess she couldn’t answer, because she was too busy making my toes curl. And my ass forgot what I was going to say anyway.

She pleased the hell out of me for several minutes before she stood, pushed me onto my back, and straddled me, using her hand to guide me into her hot, dripping wetness. I grabbed her hips, holding her still while I thrusted upward. She leaned forward, her hands on my chest as she kissed me, pulling my bottom lip into her mouth and biting down on it. I winced, reached around and gripped her ass, and she winced.

As I slid inside of her, hard, I said, “You didn’t tell me you loved me back.”

She closed her eyes, moaning, “I couldn’t at that moment, but you know I do.”

I flipped us over so that I was on top, plunged into her, and said, “But you can say it now.”

“Oooooh, shit…you know I love you, baby.”

I plunged deeper. “Then say it.”

She opened her eyes. “R-R-Ryan…I just did.”

I slid my hand between us and found her clit. “Say it again.”

“Shit! Damn! I love you! I love youuuuuuu!”

She shuddered and went limp with me following closely behind her, and as I rolled over onto the bed beside her, I said, “That’s more like it.”





37





“You look so good, we might not make it through this date,” he whispered in my ear.

We were at Coda, in our favorite corner booth for that week’s R&B night performance by Leon Bridges, and Ryan had already dropped his hand under the table into my lap.

“As much as you paid for these tickets? Plus, we did it twice before we left, once in the shower.”

“That’s not my fault.”

“How is that when you initiated both times?”

He grinned as he moved his hand to unwrap his napkin. I knew what was coming next and tried to tell myself I didn’t want it to happen, but myself wasn’t trying to hear that lie.

“It’s not my fault, because you shouldn’t be so sexy, fine, hot…” He leaned in closer and gently nipped my neck. “Wanna go to the bathroom and handle some business?”

I shook my head. “No, I wanna see this show, so whatever you’re gonna do, you’ll have to do it right here.”

“Mm, I told you you were a freak. If I please you right here, are you gonna please me right here, too?”

“No.”

He spread the napkin in my lap, probably appearing to anyone looking at us to be nothing more than a very attentive mate, not a public coochie slayer. As he slid his hand under the napkin and into my panties, he asked, “Why?”

I sucked in a breath and closed my eyes. “Because—”

“Angela?”

My eyes popped open. “B-Benny?”

Any decent person would’ve stopped what they were doing, but just like in the case with the waiter, Ryan’s indecent ass kept stroking me, making it hard for me to keep my eyes open and focused on my ex.

“Yeah, I thought that was you. You look…great.”

“Doesn’t she?” Ryan agreed, lifting his free hand and offering it to Benny. “Ryan Boyé.”

Benny shook his hand. “Benny Stewart. Ang and I were high school sweethearts.”

Ryan plunged a finger inside of me. “Is that right?”

I released a tiny whimper, closed my eyes again, and rested my head against the back of the booth.

I heard Benny say, “Yeah. Uh, you okay, Angie?”

“Oh, she’s fine. See, right now, I have my hand in her panties and my fingers…well, you can imagine where my fingers are.”

I gasped, partly because of what Ryan had said and partly because I was about a second away from an orgasm.

“Oh, um…” was Benny’s response.

“Yeah, so if you’ll excuse us, I’m pretty sure she’s about to—”

“Ohhhhh,” I moaned. I wasn’t loud, but I wasn’t whispering either, so I was sure Benny had heard me.

My eyes fluttered open, and Ryan smiled as he leaned in to kiss me. “There it is. How’d that feel, baby? Good?” he asked me.

My chest was heaving as I nodded and whined, “Uh-huh.”

“When we get home, it’ll be my turn, right?”

I was in no shape to argue with him, especially since his hand was still in my panties. So I said, “Yes.”

“Uh-um…Joslyn’s waiting for me at our table so I’d better go. It was nice seeing you, Angie.”

I looked up at Benny and sighed as Ryan finally moved his hand. “Mm-hmm.”

After Benny left, I gawked at Ryan in disbelief.

“What?” he asked.

“I cannot believe you told him what you were doing.”

He shrugged. “He wants you back. Now he knows that won’t happen.”

“Ryan, he has a wife and eight thousand kids. I’m the last thing on his mind,” I said, as I dug in my small purse for the wet wipes I kept with me for occasions like this.

Ryan took the wipe from me and shook his head. “I’m a man, baby. I know other men. The way he was looking at you? He wants you back. I had to let him know to back the hell off.”

“By telling him we were committing a lewd act in public?”

As he wiped his hands, he said, “Yep, because, A: I’m one thousand percent sure he never did that to you. B: I’m ten thousand percent sure he never made you come at all. And C: He now knows he can’t compete.”

“He couldn’t have competed anyway, because A: I don’t want his ass, and B: Who could compete with you?”

“Shit, I know no one can compete with me. Now he knows it, too. He’ll be thinking about tonight for months, about the way you looked and the sound you made when that orgasm hit you.”

Before I could respond, the club’s manager took the small stage and began introducing the night’s performer, so I took the napkin and placed it on Ryan’s lap, sliding my hand into his pants as I settled in to enjoy the show in my ruined panties.





“Where you going?” I asked, as I felt her head leave my chest.

“To pee.”

“Need some help?”

She laughed. “Uh, no. Been doing it on my own for quite a few years now.”

I lay there for a second after she left, then got up and followed her, standing in the bathroom doorway as she sat on the toilet.

“Wow, either you really love me or you’re even more twisted than I thought.”

I grinned as I leaned against the door facing. “Both.”

“You’re really gonna stand there and watch me pee?”

I nodded.

“Why?”

“Because I don’t wanna miss a second of being with you.”

She dropped her eyes. “Me either.”

Silence that I should’ve filled reassuring her fell between us until she tore some tissue from the roll, cleaned herself, and flushed the toilet. After she washed her hands, she headed toward where I still stood in the doorway.

“I love you,” I said softly.

“I love you, too.”

We stood there for a moment staring at each other, and then I took her hand and led her back to bed.





38





“Tell me what I’m supposed to do with it.”

I shook my head, keeping my mouth fastened as I held in my laughter.

“Okay, what is it, then?” He held up the liquid foundation and inspected the bottle. “Okay, it says foundation, so, I’m supposed to put it…shit, this is a set-up. There’s no way I can get this right. Damn, I said shit. Edit that out.”

I burst into laughter. “You also said damn.”

“Shit! You know I curse when I’m frustrated.”

“And when you’re happy and when you have sex, watch TV, brush your teeth—”

He smirked. “Ha, ha, ha. What am I supposed to put this on your face with? Sponge or brush?”

“Ryan, for the fifth time, I can’t tell you.”

He sighed, grabbed a brush, and poured foundation on it, then slathered it on my face. We were filming a “Boyfriend Does My Make-up” video, and I was sure it was going to surpass the hair-washing video’s views, because so far, Ryan’s attempt at applying my make-up had been hilarious.

“Angie, how could I possibly do this right? I mean, look at how much make-up you’ve got!”

“You’re supposed to have paid attention when I was doing my make-up in the past, then you’d know.”

“Man…”

“And hurry up. It’s getting late and you have work in the morning.”

“Yeah, yeah…”

He grabbed the liquid eyeliner and stared at it.

“Poor baby. You wanna watch me do my make-up tomorrow and film afterwards?”

“You letting me cheat?”

“Yep.”

“Shit, thank you.”

A few minutes later, a little after 11:00 PM, I had scrubbed my face clean and we were in bed. Four hours after that, Ryan slid his arm off my waist, waking me up.

“Where you going?” I groggily asked.

“Someone’s at your door.”

“Oh, what time is it?”

“Three.”

“In the morning?”

“Yeah.”

Whoever it was rang the doorbell and knocked again.

I moved to get up.

“No,” Ryan said. “I got it.”

“No, it’s my house.”

“Your ass is not answering the door at this time of morning.”

“Who do you think answered it before you started sleeping here?”

“I hope you didn’t answer it at all this late.”

More knocking.

Ryan left the room, and I was right behind him. He checked the peephole, glanced back at me, and shrugged.

“What?” I whispered.

“It’s some dude.”

“Let me see.”

He moved back, and my eyes widened when I saw the haggard man on the other side. I reached for the knob, but Ryan clamped his hand over mine, keeping me from opening the door.

“What are you doing?” he asked in a harsh whisper.

“Letting him in. It’s my father.”



*****



My daddy was tall and pretty fit for his age other than his slightly bulging waistline. He was handsome, too, even though he looked like he’d missed several nights of sleep. I sat across from him at my kitchen table and stared at him. His eyes were on the table, as were his hands. He folded them and sighed.

I was about to say something when Ryan placed cups of coffee before me and Daddy, then kissed my cheek and left us alone.

Daddy cleared his throat, and said, “He seems nice.”

“He is,” I replied.

“He, uh, living here with you now?”

“Sort of.”

“Hmm.”

“Daddy, why—”

“I need you to talk to your mama for me, convince her to take me back.”

My mouth dropped open. “What?”

“I need your help, Angie. You’re the only one who can do it. Renee’s got that husband taking up her time. And Nicky? She won’t answer my calls.”

“Daddy, why didn’t you just call me?”

“Baby girl, I don’t think I have your number.”

As I sat there and thought about it, I didn’t have his number, either. All communication went through Mama. Man, my family was truly screwed up.

“Daddy. I don’t want to get in the middle of this…”

“But will you?”

I sighed. “To be honest, I don’t want her to take you back.”

He frowned as he leaned forward. “What? You don’t want us back together?”

“No.”

“Angie!”

“Daddy, I’ve watched you mistreat her my whole life. I’m not going to help you hurt her more than you already have.”

He stared at me like I’d spoken a foreign language or something.

“Why are you out so late, anyway?” I asked.

He fell back in his chair. “I have a little place across town where I’ve been staying and I couldn’t sleep, so I decided to try to talk to your Mother. She wouldn’t even open the door. She wouldn’t let me in my own house.” He dropped his head, and when he looked up at me, there were tears in his eyes. “I messed up. I see that now. I guess I thought she’d never leave me. All these years…”

I leaned forward. “Do you love her, Daddy?”

He nodded. “With all my heart.”

“Then why did you treat her like that all those years?”

“I don’t feel right discussing that with you.”

“But you feel right coming over here in the middle of the night, waking me up to ask me to be your spokeswoman?”

He blew out a breath. “I don’t know why, Angie. Okay? I don’t know why.”

“Then maybe you need to figure it out and try to fix it before you talk to Mama. Get some help or something.”

I sat there for a few minutes, waiting for him to speak, but he didn’t, so I said, “Daddy, Ryan has work in the morning. If you want, you can have the guest bed.”

He shook his head. “No, I’ll just go back to my place. Um…Angie, you know I love you, don’t you?”

“Honestly?” I closed my eyes, wondering why I was suddenly feeling emotional. I thought for a long time my relationship, or lack of a relationship, with my father didn’t bother me. It was just a part of the fabric of my life. I knew it affected my relationships with men, but it never occurred to me that it affected me, and that it hurt me so deeply.

“Honestly?” I repeated. “I don’t know, Daddy. There was a time when I was little that I felt it. Back then, I knew you loved me. But the older I got, I wondered if you even remembered that I existed. When you were leaving Mama alone for days, weeks at a time, you were leaving me and Nay and Nicky, too.”

“Angie…despite anything I might’ve done, I love you, baby girl. I always have and always will. I don’t want you to ever think otherwise.”

“But you don’t even know me, Daddy.” My voice cracked and I lost the battle with my tears.

Daddy reached across the table and tightly grasped my hands. “I do. I do know you.”

“No, you don’t. You don’t know Renee or Nicky, either. You don’t even know Mama. All you know is Strickland motors and whatever else it is you spend your time on. I bet you have no idea what I do for a living.”

“You make videos about hair.”

I gasped.

“See, I do know. But I’m sorry for making you feel…forgotten.”

“You don’t even know my phone number, probably only know my address because I’ve lived here since I left home. Daddy, I just…”

“I hurt you. I hurt all of you. I understand that now. But I was just trying to provide and—”

I shook my head. “If you’re going to do this, if your intention is to make things right, make them better, then don’t sit there and insult my intelligence. You didn’t neglect your entire family just for Strickland Motors. You were cheating; you’re probably living with a woman now. Got your daughters all screwed up in the head when it comes to men.”

I’d evidently raised my voice, because I could hear Ryan’s footsteps approaching. A second later, he stuck his head in the kitchen doorway, and said, “Ang, everything okay?”

I nodded, afraid I’d cry again if I spoke.

He stood there a good minute before I heard his footsteps retreat.

Daddy smiled. “Well, I don’t know about any of the other men you might’ve dealt with, but that one loves you.”

“I know. Daddy, it’s late and he’s not going to go back to bed as long as—”

“I’m going to leave, baby girl. I just want to make it clear that I love you. I want us to talk some more, clear the air, so…why don’t you call my office tomorrow. You know that number, right?”

I nodded.

“Okay, call the office and we’ll talk some more, exchange cell numbers. I’m gonna do better by you and your sisters no matter what happens between me and your mother.”

“That’d be nice, Daddy.”

I walked him to the front door, and he pulled me into a hug, whispered, “I’m sorry…for everything,” and left. When I closed the door and turned around, Ryan was standing in the living room.

“Baby, you sure you’re okay?” he asked.

As I fell into his arms and cried, I said, “No.”





39





The next morning, as I cooked breakfast for me and Ryan, I told him about my conversation with Daddy and his apology.

“Well, it’s good that he apologized, right?”

I placed the bacon, eggs, and toast on his plate and set it before him. “If he meant it.”

“You don’t think he meant it?”

I sat across from him with my own plate. “I think he’s desperate to get back home. Probably got some young girl worrying the shit out of him and he can’t go back to Mama to get some peace like he was able to do in the past. Mama never argued or fussed. I bet he misses that.”

“So you think he’d go so far as to pretend to apologize to you? How would that help him get your mom back?”

“The first thing he asked me to do was talk to Mama on his behalf, ask her to take him back. I refused, so I think he’s trying to butter me up, get me on his side so I’ll help.”

He took a bite of bacon and shook his head. “If that’s what he’s doing, then it’s extremely fucked up, but I don’t know, Angie. I’d give anything for my dad to apologize to me or at least act like he’s sorry for the shit he put me through.”

“You ever go visit him or talk to him?”

“Hell, no. I avoid his ass at all costs.”

“What about your brother?”

He sighed. “Ang…I had to cut him off. I tried to be there for him, put money on his books and stuff, help him when he’d get out, but it’s like he wants to be in there. He’ll get out and be right back there in a month. Last time he got arrested, it was for driving a car. At least that’s the story he told me, that someone asked him to drive a car across state lines, all the way to Atlanta from Louisiana. Said they paid him $6000 to drive a car, and this ignorant nigga didn’t think maybe there were some drugs in it, didn’t even check the trunk. Now he’s locked up on federal drug charges. I can’t deal with that shit anymore. Makes my head hurt to think about him and my father.”

“I’m sorry.”

He shrugged. “It is what it is.”

“At least you’ve got KC. Y’all are really good friends, right?”

“Yeah, we’ve been boys since freshman year of college. He’s good people. Always got my back but will tell me about myself in a minute. His little girl is my godbaby.”

I smiled. “And you got me.”

“I damn sure do. And I’m not letting you go.”

“That’s good to know.”

“Hey, when do I get to meet your friends? You met KC, sort of, and he’s the only friend of mine that really counts. You gonna let me meet your BFF?”

I set my fork down. “Uh…I don’t have any friends.”

He frowned slightly. “None, baby?”

I shook my head. “Other than Internet friends, no. I mean, I used to have some real-life friends, but after my best friend screwed my boyfriend of six years—the one you met at Coda—then married him less than a month after we broke up and had a whole nation of kids by him, I found it hard to trust anyone. So I just pushed everyone away.”

“Baby, damn. I’m sorry.”

“I actually miss having friends, too, just don’t know what to do about it. I mean, what do you do, call them up and say, ‘Hey, my bad for ignoring your calls for years’?”

“Nah, you call and ask how they’re doing, tell them you were in a bad place, apologize. And what about your sisters? Aren’t y’all close?”

“Not like we should be. Not like we used to be. I’m gonna fix that.”

“Good. Hey, Angie?”

“Yeah?”

“If you need me to stay home today, I will.”

“No, I’m fine. I don’t want you to get in trouble at work because of me.”

“I won’t, and if I do?” He shrugged. “But if you need me, I’ll stay.”

“No, I’m really fine. If I need you, I’ll call.”

He stood and kissed me, grabbed his last piece of bacon, and left.





I spent most of the morning thinking about my family. Called my mom, who sounded chipper and said things were great. I didn’t bother to ask about Lamar, but I was sure he or someone else was keeping her happy. She might have been wrong for sleeping with someone else while she was still married to my father, but it was also wrong for him to run over her and take her for granted like he did.

I got no answer when I called Nicky, but received a text from her saying she was in the middle of class. Renee didn’t answer her cell, and when I called Genesis, they told me she was out sick, so I decided to be a good little sister, dug in my freezer for the homemade chicken noodle soup I tried to always keep in supply, and headed over to Renee’s house. The soup was our maternal grandmother’s recipe. Grandma Hannah was long gone, but I’d begged and pleaded with her to show me how to make that soup when I was twelve years old, so her legacy lived on, so to speak.

I had to knock and ring the doorbell for five minutes before Renee appeared looking droopy-eyed and just plain worn-out.

“Damn, Nay. What did you catch? You look like holy hell.”

“It’s contagious. You better go,” was her response.

“Okay, I just wanted to bring you some of Grandma’s soup.” I handed it to her, and she just stared down at it. When she lifted her eyes, they were full of tears.

“Thanks, Angie. You didn’t have to do that.”

“Yes, I did. What is it? A stomach thing or a head thing? You don’t sound congested; you got the trots?”

She shook her head, opened her mouth to speak, and then I heard a sound that made me question my sanity—a baby crying. “You got a baby in there, Nay?”

“It’s the TV.”

“That ain’t no damn TV unless your ass has super surround sound.” I pushed past her and headed toward the sound. I didn’t have to travel far to find the baby in a car seat carrier thing on her living room floor. “Either you somehow managed to have a baby without me noticing or you called in sick to babysit?”

She shook her head. “Neither.”

“Are you even really sick?”

“N-no.”

I stared at the baby, and my stomach dropped. “Nay, whose baby is this?”

“Robert’s.”





40





“I was heading out to work when the doorbell rang. When I answered it, there was a woman on the other side with an infant car seat hanging on her arm. I’d never seen her before in my life. But she said she knew Robert, that this was his baby, and she needed him to watch him so she could go to work because her babysitter canceled. I told her he’d already left for work. She shrugged and placed the car seat at my feet and left without another word.”

“And your ass is just sitting up in here babysitting? The hell is wrong with you?!”

“I tried to call Robert, but he’s in meetings all morning. He’s trying to get a promotion, so I didn’t want to keep calling and get him in trouble.”

“A promotion? You are sitting here with a baby he produced with another woman while married to you and you’re worried about his promotion?”

“Maybe it’s not his. Maybe she’s crazy.”

“You know it’s his! It looks just like his ugly ass!”

That’s when she broke down.

“Nay, I’m sorry, but shit, this is ridiculous! You’re just going to sit here and take care of this baby until he decides to call you back or come home?”

“What else can I do?” she wailed. “I tried texting him, but he didn’t respond.”

“If it was me, I’d take this baby to his ass, right in the middle of the meeting.”

“I can’t do that to him.”

I released a frustrated groan. “Renee!”

“I can’t!”

I squeezed my eyes shut and then looked at her again. “You need to call the police, Renee. That woman left her baby with a complete stranger.”

She shook her head.

I sighed, finally realizing what was going on in her head. “Look, Nay, I know how badly you want a baby. I know how hard you tried to have one, but sweetie, this is not the answer. This…this is wrong. This is someone else’s child.”

“It’s Robert’s child.”

I stood from my seat on her sofa and began pacing the floor as Renee reached down and picked up the now sleeping baby. “Renee, he cheated on you, didn’t use protection, got another woman pregnant, and you’re babysitting for her. Do you not see the insanity in this?”

“It’s not Robert Jr.’s fault.”

“She named the baby after him?!”

She just looked at me.

“Text him right now and tell him you’re calling children’s services if he doesn’t bring his ass home. You’re not doing this. You want a baby? Adopt one after you divorce his ass, but I’ll be damned if I’m gonna let you be made a fool of on my watch!”

She jumped a little because I was basically screaming at her, but I think I shocked her back into reality. Then that damn baby started hypnotizing her again and she shook her head.

“You don’t have to actually call them, Renee. Just tell him you’re going to. I bet his ass will stop ignoring you then.

After almost an hour of me trying to talk some sense into her, she texted him, and at the same time, I texted Nicky to let her know what was going on. She texted back that she’d be over as soon as she got out of class. I had planned to tell my sisters about Daddy’s little pop-up visit, but this baby thing had taken precedence.

Not fifteen minutes after Renee sent the text, Robert came busting through the front door with a look of horror on his face. Renee asked me to leave, and although I didn’t want to, I did. I’d never known him to get physical with her, so I wasn’t worried about that. I was more concerned about her doing something dumb like agreeing to raise his baby, but even if she did, there was nothing I could do about it anyway.



*****



“You okay?” I asked, as he worked on my face. We were attempting to make the “Boyfriend Does My Make-up” video again, but he was being unusually quiet.

“Yeah, I’m concentrating. Are you okay after the day you had? Your dad then your sister?”

I nodded.

“Hold your head still.”

“Sorry. Yeah, I’m good. I needed this distraction, but I thought I’d be laughing more.”

He gave me a smirk. “Thought I’d be fucking up again, huh?”

“You cursed.”

“You said you were gonna speed it up and lay music over most of this video, right?”

“What’d I tell you about those lip readers?”

“Shit, I forgot.”

I giggled.

“Stop laughing at me. Hell, you know I got a problem. Now stop talking so I can hook your lips up.”

I did, sitting patiently, waiting to see the end result.

“Okay, check yourself out in the camera.”

I turned and my mouth dropped open. I looked…beautiful. Even I didn’t do my make-up that well. “Wow, baby! This is incredible!” I gushed.

Ryan smiled, his hazel eyes sparkling. “Thanks.”

“But how? I mean…how?”

“Today at work, I sat and tried to remember how you do your make-up. I channeled you, you know? I—”

“You watched some tutorials on YouTube?”

“Yep.”

We both fell out laughing, and then I said, “I’m keeping that part in the video.”

He shrugged. “Fine with me. I just didn’t wanna look like a chump.”

“Ryan Boyé, you could never look like a chump.”

We fell silent for a moment and I reached to turn the camera off. There was a heaviness between us that had been coming in waves over the past few days, because we both knew Ryan’s job here in town ended in less than a month. I was afraid to bring it up, and I knew he was avoiding the subject altogether, because I’d learned that was what he did. He avoided problems. And honestly, with my family losing its mind and how it felt to be in the middle of it, I couldn’t blame him.

But still…

“Angela.”

I was taking the memory card out of the camera, but his voice made me turn to face him. He sounded…scared.

“Yeah?” I replied.

“You know I love you, right? More than anything?”

I nodded. Shit, we’re breaking up. For real this time. “Yes, I feel the same about you. You know that, right?”

He nodded. “Ang, will you—”

The doorbell started ringing in rapid succession, tearing into our conversation, and making my rollicking heart nearly jump out of my chest. We looked at each other and both headed for the front door. When I opened it, Nicky was on the other side.

“Nick—” I began, only to be quickly cut off.

“Why haven’t you been answering your phone?! Or your texts?!” she screamed.

“We were filming, and my phone was in another room. What—”

“Robert has lost his mind. I went over there to check on Renee. I know it’s late, but I had to take care of some stuff after class. Girl, he wouldn’t let me in at first, and when he did, do you know that damn baby was still there? And he wouldn’t let me see Renee. I called for her and she didn’t answer. Her car was there so I tried to find her in the house and he threw me out. He literally picked me up and threw me outside! I think he might have done something to Nay!”

My mouth dropped open, and my poor heart thumped around in my chest as I looked up at Ryan who was standing beside me.

“Let’s go,” he said.

Robert’s car was gone when we got to Renee’s house. Renee’s was still there, so we knocked and rang the doorbell over and over again. Just when Nicky suggested that Ryan kick the door in, it opened to reveal Renee with swollen eyes and her hair all over her head.

“What did he do to you?!” I shrieked.

“N-nothing. We argued and then I locked myself up in my room. I heard you earlier, Nicky. I just didn’t feel like talking to anyone. But then I heard all the commotion, came out and he was slamming the door shut and you were screaming about him putting his hands on you, so I told him to get out and take his baby with him.”

“Oh, thank God,” I said.

“Hi, Ryan. Y’all come on in,” she offered.

We all sat down, and she apologized profusely for us having to come out at night for nothing. Just as all three of us were reassuring her that it was okay, Robert came through the front door, baby-less.

“You called your whole damn family, Nay? And who is this red-ass nigga?!” he asked, stepping in front of Ryan.

Ryan stood, held up both hands, and said, “Hold up, now. You don’t know me to be getting in my face like this. I’m here with Angela. She just wanted to check on her sister.”

“Yeah, well, what we got going on over here ain’t none of Angela’s business. I already threw Nicky’s ass out. I can throw your ass out, too, Angela!”

Now Robert was in my face. I opened my mouth to curse him out, but was preempted.

“Okay, let’s get something straight,” Ryan said, stepping between me and him, towering over Robert who was an inch shorter than Renee. “I know this is your house, but if you put your hands on this one right here? I’ma have to put my motherfucking hands on you. Renee invited us in, so we’re here. If she wants us to leave, we’ll leave, but I promise on my dead mother, if you touch my woman, I will end your ass and I mean that shit. Don’t let the light skin fool you.”

Robert backed up a little. “Uh…look, I just need to talk to my wife. Alone.”

Renee shot to her feet. “We don’t have anything to talk about, Robert. You need to leave.”

“This is my house, too, so I ain’t going nowhere!”

“Fine, I’ll go.”

“You can come with us,” I offered.

“Or you can come home with me,” Nicky said.

“I think I will, Nicky. I need my damn mother,” Renee said.

“So you just gonna run home to your Mama? We need to talk!” Robert shouted.

“About what, asshole?! You already admitted it was your baby! You think I’m gonna sit up in here with you after that? After your woman was bold enough to drop it off over here? I know what that means! It means you have talked so much shit about me to that woman that she has zero respect for my position as your wife! And so do you! So yeah, I’m going home to my mother, you piece of shit! And I’m doing something I should’ve done years ago. I’m filing for divorce.” Renee turned to me. “Angie, thanks for coming. Ryan, you can take her home now. Nicky can stay and help me pack some stuff. Nicky, dial nine-one-one so the police can be here in case this stupid-ass man tries to put his hands on either of us. Acting a damn fool when he’s the one in the wrong. Typical!”

Renee flounced out of the room, leaving Robert standing there with a shocked look on his face.

Ryan was quiet as we sat in his truck waiting for the police to arrive. A serious expression hovered over his handsome face as he squeezed the steering wheel and stared out the windshield at Robert, who was sitting on the hood of his car.

“Ryan, you okay?”

He nodded slowly as he turned and looked at me. “I’m good. You okay?”

“Yeah…uh, did you mean what you said in there?” I asked, nodding toward my sister’s house.

“What? That I’d end his ass? Yeah, baby, I meant it. I love you. I’m not about to let anybody put their hands on you.”

“Okay…”

He dropped his hands from the steering wheel. “Does that bother you?”

“No, it actually turns me on, makes me wanna do all kinds of freaky, nasty shit to you.”

With raised eyebrows, he said, “For real?”

“Yeah…”

“What kind of freaky, nasty shit?”

“Absolutely anything your fine ass can think of.”

When the police finally arrived, I was half-afraid they’d jump in behind us and pull Ryan over the way he screeched out of Renee’s driveway and sped home.





41





“Baby, you sleep?”

It had been a few days since all of her family drama. The last time I tried to say what I needed to say, her sister interrupted me, but time was getting away from us. In two weeks, I’d have to leave to start my next assignment, which was already lined up for me.

“No. Can’t sleep.”

“Worried about your sister?”

“No. I’ve talked to her, and she’s fine. I’m more proud of her than anything.”

“Your parents?”

“Not really. Mama’s good and I haven’t heard from Daddy. I tried to call his office like he asked me to, and he had them take a message.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be. I figured this was how it would play out. Can’t miss what you never had. I never had a relationship with him.”

“Then what is it?”

She rolled over, and even in the darkness, I could feel her eyes on me. “Us.”

She’d been kind enough not to bring it up since our argument, but I guess she was over being kind.

“Come with me,” I blurted.

“Come with you?”

“Yeah. They’re sending me to Arizona. It’s not a franchise this time. The company is actually building a huge resort there. I’ll be there for at least a year, maybe longer, and I want you to come with me.”

“Come with you?” she repeated.

“Yeah. I think that’s the best solution. You can still do your videos and rent out the other side of this place and manage it from there. Your sisters can keep watch over it.”

She sat up. A second or two later, the bedside lamp popped on. When she turned to look at me, there was apprehension on her face. “So you want me to move to Arizona with you?”

“Yeah, baby.”

“As your girlfriend?”

I chuckled. “Yes, isn’t that what you are?”

She sighed. “You want me to leave my home and my family while it’s all in disarray and move to Arizona as your girlfriend? What If we break up? What then? I just hop on a plane and come home? Go on with my life?”

I sat up. This was definitely not the reaction I expected. “That’s not going to happen. We won’t break up.”

“You can guarantee that?”

“Yes!”

She stood and crossed her arms over her chest, causing her night shirt to bunch up under her breasts. “I love you, but I’m not doing that.”

I hopped up and stood on my side of the bed. “What?!”

“I’m not moving to Arizona as your girlfriend!”

“Angie, what—” I stopped myself, realizing what was going on. “Ang, you wanna get married? Is that it?”

She dropped her eyes. “I want security. There’s no security in being your girlfriend, Ryan.”

“Baby, I don’t think I’m ready for that. This is my first real relationship. I’m not saying I’ll never propose, but I can’t right now.”

She rubbed her hands up and down her arms. “I’m not trying to pressure you into anything you don’t wanna do, but I’m thirty, Ryan, and this is my third serious relationship. I spent years as someone’s girlfriend—six with one man, five with another—and each time, I was left alone with nothing to show for it. I can’t keep doing the same stupid stuff and ending up alone. You might not be ready, but I am. I’m more than ready.”

I stepped around the bed. “So if I don’t propose, that’s it? We’re over?”

“No! No, I love you Ryan. That hasn’t changed. You’re it for me. I guess we’ll just have to do the long-distance thing for a while.”

I rested my hand on her cheek. “I don’t understand. If we’ll still be together, why stay here? Just come with me, baby. I’m not going to break up with you or cheat on you. I’m not those other guys.”

“I know you’re not. But this is what I feel I have to do, Ryan. For me. I’m not going to be someone’s girlfriend for years again. If I go with you, I’m afraid that’s all I’ll ever be to you. I feel like I’m the one who’s making the sacrifice and I’m the one who stands to lose the most if we don’t work out.”

I didn’t know what to say other than, “But…Angie, I don’t want to leave you. I need you with me.”

“I know, and I need you, too. I just can’t go. Not like this.”

I sighed. “Okay. Whatever you want.” I backed into the bed and sat down. “Angela, what did you expect me to do when I said I’d figure something out? There were only two options: me staying here or you coming with me. My job requires that I travel, so you coming with me makes the most sense.”

She shrugged. “I don’t know. I just…” Her tears fell then, a steady stream that she tried to wipe away before totally breaking down. “I don’t want to lose you, Ryan. But I just can’t do it.”

Despite the fact that I was confused, hurt, and shit, even angry, my only thought was to make her feel better, so I pulled her to me, into my lap, and I held her in my arms and whispered in her ear, “You’re not going to lose me, baby. I love you. I’ll always love you. We can visit each other, talk on the phone, Skype, whatever. And when the time is right, we’ll be together again. Permanently.”

“You promise?” she whimpered.

“Yeah, baby. I promise.”



*****



I kind of dragged through the next couple of weeks in a haze. No matter how I tried to reason with myself that I hadn’t known Angela that long and that I could survive without her, this shit still hurt. The thought of being in Arizona, anywhere, without her, made my chest tighten. I went through the motions at work, went home and spent nearly every second I could holding her, loving her, trying to fill my mind with memories of her scent, her touch, the sound of her voice.

This was hard, probably the hardest thing I’d ever done. It was easy to leave my dad and brother behind, because that was what I needed. Being around them was bringing me down after all the hard work I’d put in to make myself what I was—educated, successful. I had to get away from them. And yeah, I’d dumped women left and right without a second thought. But this? I didn’t want to do this. This was the last thing I wanted to do. I wanted her. I needed her. And I was scared to damn death that once I left, I’d lose her for good.

I had to wonder if this was my punishment for all the stuff I did to women before. Was this karma? If so, I guessed I deserved it, but that sure didn’t make it hurt any less.

The day of the hotel’s opening, just three days before I was supposed to fly to Arizona, I stood around and smiled and shook hands as the CEO of Sable Inc., Derek Hill, praised me for a job well done. Mr. Hill was good people, so it was nice to get a compliment from him. Even my boss, Glenn, was in a good mood as I led them on a tour. I had done my job, and I’d done it well. Romey, Tennessee’s Sable Inn was beautiful, a perfect representation of the company, and while an accomplishment like this once would’ve brought me joy, at that moment as I led the gentlemen through the hotel, I felt miserable, like none of this mattered anymore because I was about to lose the only woman I had ever loved.

“Can’t wait to see you work your magic in Arizona,” Glenn said. “You’ll have a lot more on your shoulders there. Are you ready?”

I looked at him and nodded. “I’m always ready.”





I thanked the ticket agent as I clutched my boarding pass in my hand and slung my carry-on bag over my shoulder. Angela was waiting for me off to the side with a look on her face that made my heart ache. She looked so…sad.

I walked over to her, grasping her hand and kissing her on the cheek. “You okay?” I asked, as we walked toward the TSA checkpoint.

She shook her head. “No.”

“You could still come with me.”

A tear trickled down her cheek. “I know, but—”

I looked away from her. “I know, baby. I wish I could stay. I…” I shook my head and stopped talking, because my grown-man-ass was tearing up. I wasn’t going out like that.

I spotted a row of seats just to the right of the TSA area and led her to them. We both sat and kind of just stared at each other. Finally, I said, “Two weeks. Remember? It’ll take that long for me to get everything going. Then I can come back to see you. But I need to concentrate on the job for those two weeks.”

She nodded. “I know.”

“And if you want, you can fly back with me for a few days.”

“Okay.” She was sobbing now, so I pulled her to me and held her for as long as time would allow me.

Then I pulled away. “I gotta go, Angie.”

She sniffled, wiped her eyes, and said, “All right. I love you.”

“I love you, too,” I said, wiping away the remnant of her tears.

She walked me to the security checkpoint line and waved. I waved back, and turned away from her, felt like I couldn’t breathe for a second, and turned back around. When I saw her walking away, I panicked. Took off running behind her, yelling, “Angela! Wait!”

She stopped, spun around, and waited for me. Once I reached her, I dropped my bag and wrapped my arms around her, holding her tightly to me, kissing her. At that moment, I realized just how much I loved her and knew I wouldn’t be any good without her.

Thirty minutes later, I was on a plane to Arizona.

Alone.





42





Ryan left on a Sunday. Nine days had passed since then, and I’d found it hard to do little more than lie in my bed, staring at the ceiling. It was hard to breathe without him, my heart literally ached, and I fully realized just how bad of a mistake I’d made by not going with him. At the time I made the decision to stay, it made perfect sense. I was standing up for myself, ensuring that I wouldn’t be used or taken advantage of like my mother and Renee. But in hindsight, that didn’t even make any sense. I was asking for marriage. They were both married, and being married hadn’t kept them from being hurt. Benny or Khalil marrying me most likely wouldn’t have changed the outcomes of our relationships. Because married or not, they still would’ve been Benny and Khalil. And neither of them had loved me, or if they had, they hadn’t loved me like Ryan did. Because he loved me from my heart to the depths of my soul, made me feel things I’d never felt. Took care of me emotionally. Was there for me in every way.

Benny and Khalil never did any of that.

Ever.

And my ass just let Ryan go. I just let him go. Watched him get in that TSA line and didn’t stop him. Didn’t buy a ticket and go with him. And as I sat in my bedroom preparing to have dinner with my mother and sisters that Tuesday night, the gravity of my decision had never been clearer.

I had fucked up.

I had totally and completely fucked up.

And I wasn’t going to be able to last much longer without him.

He had called me that morning before work, and we’d had a good conversation. Light, mostly carried by him talking about how nice his hotel room was in Arizona. He’d opted to stay in a residential inn rather than rent a place, because he said it just wouldn’t be the same without me.

Shit.

That made me want to cry, but I was able to keep it together until he informed me that he wouldn’t be coming to visit that weekend, the two-week mark of him being gone, because of work. He was swamped, sounded stressed, and apologized profusely, adding that it might be another week before he could visit, if not longer.

If not longer.

He sounded overwhelmed and tired, so I tried to sound upbeat, told him it was okay and that I understood, but he heard the subtle quiver in my voice and apologized again. Then I started full-on crying, hysterical, uncontrollable crying, and he tried to make me feel better, told me he loved me over and over again, reassured me that we’d see each other again soon.

Soon.

All I could think was how uncertain the word soon was, and my mind traveled back to when I was a little girl and would ask my mom when we would get to go to this place or that place and she would always say, “Soon.” More often than not, soon never came. His sincere, reassuring words didn’t even put a dent in my sorrow, but I eventually pulled myself together before an uncomfortable silence fell between us and we ended the call. Since he was working long hours in Arizona, I knew I probably wouldn’t hear from him again until the next morning. And that just felt too long.

I was a mess after we hung up. Lay in bed crying, recalling how I had sat in my bed and watched him get dressed the day he left. That was something I did every morning after he basically began living with me. I’d sit in bed with a cup of something in my hand and watch him get dressed, wishing all the while he could just stay there with me, but the day he left for Arizona was different with a finality to it that nearly suffocated me. That feeling returned to me after our phone call ended, and I cried myself to sleep only to wake up cloaked in the same heavy despair. That weekend visit wasn’t going to be enough and I knew it. It was a temporary fix for a long-term problem—us being apart—but it was…something, something I had been looking forward to. Something that at least kept me from falling completely apart. And now that something had been delayed possibly indefinitely, and I felt like shit.

I thought about hopping on a plane, going to him, and relieving both our miseries, but he was already under a lot of pressure and I knew the last thing he needed was me there distracting him.

A text came through just as I was pumping myself up to put on my shoes and leave.

Nicky: U on ur way? It’s like a funeral up in here with Mama and Nay. Hurry up!

I sighed. I knew what she meant. Renee was still upset about being separated from Robert, although she knew it was what was best for her, and Mama had broken up with Lamar a few days earlier and hadn’t been in the best of moods since. This little dinner was Nicky’s idea, a way to lift their spirits. But she had no idea I’d been in seclusion since Ryan left or that my presence would probably only make things worse, because I was totally and completely miserable.

Letting my hand hover over the screen of the phone for a moment, I replied: OMW

I pulled on my shoes, grabbed a jacket, and headed toward the door. Dinner was to start at six. It was six-thirty, but at least I was managing to leave the house. That was a huge accomplishment for me considering my state of mind.

I opened the door, digging in my oversized purse to be sure I had my phone, and when I looked up, standing before me was Ryan Boyé with his key in his hand and a smile on his face. “Hey, baby.”





43





I grabbed him and pulled him into my home, slammed the door shut and slammed him against the door.

“Baby…” he said, his surprised eyes on me.

I didn’t respond, just grabbed his royal blue Oxford shirt and pulled it out of his khakis, lifting it and rubbing my hands over his hard stomach, feeling it tremble a bit beneath my touch.

“Baby, what are you doing?” he asked huskily, reaching for me, sinking a hand into my hair.

My eyes met his as my hands slid up to his chest. “Trying to see if you’re real.”

His eyes softened as he rested his hand on my cheek. “Yeah, baby. I’m real.”

“And you’re here?”

He lowered his head and brushed a gentle kiss against my lips. “I’m here.”

I returned his kiss with a passionate one of my own, tasting his tongue as I reached down and grasped him through his pants. He moaned into my mouth and broke away from me, quickly spinning me around, pinning me to the door with his body. He buried his face in the back of my neck while gripping my ass, inching his hand under my butt and between the legs that I instantly spread for him, rubbing my yoni through the cloth of my pants.

I moaned and slapped my hands against the door as he moved to the side of my neck and began sucking on my flesh. Reaching behind me, I grabbed the back of his head as his teeth grazed my skin with him rubbing me harder and harder between my legs. And then he moved his hand and pressed his erection against me, shifting his head to the other side of my neck, sucking on it. I reached behind myself again, this time resting my hand on his crotch, rubbing him through his pants.

And then he was gone.

His hands, his mouth, no longer touching me. The warmth of his body, missing. I spun around, frantic, afraid that it had really been a fantasy or my mind playing a trick on me. Maybe being thrust back into the loneliness that had been my existence before him, had fractured my mind and driven me insane.

But there he was, stepping out of his pants, unbuttoning his shirt, and then…naked, reaching for me. I started unfastening my pants, but he moved closer to me, grabbing my hand and shaking his head. He gently pulled my plum-colored blouse from my pants, his eyes glued to mine as he ripped it open, sending buttons flying to the floor. Then, as roughly as he’d ripped it open, he tenderly slid the blouse down my arms, letting it fall to the floor as he leaned in and slid his tongue across my lips. He reached behind me and unfastened my bra with one hand, pulling it off me and freeing my breasts, then grabbed the front of my pants and pulled me closer, easing his hand into the back of them and grabbing a handful of my ass as he kissed me again, this time slipping his tongue into my mouth, hungrily devouring mine. I wrapped my arms around him, gripped his ass, and moaned when he snatched my pants open, breaking the closure and yanking them and my panties down over my butt. I kicked out of them as he backed away from me again.

“Turn around,” he commanded.

I did, standing there as he dragged his hand down my back, and said, “Bend over.”

I looked around and was turning toward the couch when he said, “No, right there.”

Desperately wanting to feel him inside me, I placed my hands on the floor and spread my legs, barely steadying myself before I felt him behind me, entering me swiftly. “Shit!” I screamed.

He rubbed his hand across my ass as he slowly slid out of my wetness and quickly plunged back inside of me, repeating his thrusts at the same rhythm, eliciting whimpers from me as I braced myself, digging my fingernails into the carpet.

“Angie, baby,” he murmured, his hands tightly gripping my hips as he drove into me.

“Ryan!” I shouted.

He stopped, wrapping an arm around my waist and lifting me from the floor while still inside me, backing both of us up to the couch. Sitting down, he held me in his lap and planted gentle kisses up and down my back as he reached around, his fingers finding my treasure. Spreading my legs for him, I leaned back against him, breathing heavily. “I missed you,” I muttered.

“I missed you, too,” he mumbled against my back, using his free hand to grasp my breast. I wiggled my ass a little, and he moved his hands, allowing me to turn around and straddle him, using my hand to guide him inside of me as I flicked my tongue out of my mouth to meet his. I grinded slowly as he snaked his arms around me and pulled me closer to him, squeezing my breasts against his chest as he closed his eyes and threw his head back.

“Damn, baby!” he shouted.

I gyrated in his lap faster and faster, until I reached my peak, convulsing and releasing a moan as he held me to him, still inside of me. He lifted me from his body, lying me on the sofa and stretching his body over mine, consuming my mouth for a brief moment before kissing his way down my body, to my slippery core, dipping his tongue inside me to taste me before sliding it over my pearl, making me shudder and my weak legs tremble.

“Ryan…” I whispered.

He palmed my breast as he rolled his tongue over my clit, making me feel frenzied and out of control. I writhed beneath him, wondered if my heart could endure another orgasm so soon, and when I did climax, I screamed his name as his face met mine again and he glided inside of me while staring into my eyes. He buried himself deeper and deeper inside of me, his eyes fluttering open and closed as if he was in ecstasy.

“Ryan…I love you so much.”

He gazed down at me, those eyes of his peering into my soul as they often did. “Tell me again,” he said without missing a beat of lovemaking.

“I love you, Ryan Boyé.”

“Again…”

“I love you.”

“Again…”

“I love you. I love you…”

He smiled. “I love you, too, baby. More than I can ever show you.” He kissed me again, thrusting until he released, taking me with him and gifting me with a third orgasm.





44





Eight hours earlier…



I sat in my hotel room making calls before I headed out to the groundbreaking ceremony. Work was fine, I was performing my duties as I normally would, but unlike in the past, my heart wasn’t in it. Hell, my heart wasn’t even in the same zip code as this job. I missed Angela and had been looking forward to getting back to her for the weekend. Sure, it would be hard to leave her again, but I still needed to see her, couldn’t wait to see her, and then my damn job snatched that away from me.

There were several reasons, valid reasons, why the timing was wrong for marriage. The biggest one was that as much as I loved her, this one-woman, monogamy thing was still new to me. What if I had a relapse and messed up? Of all the people in the world, I never wanted to hurt her. I would’ve rather hurt myself before I let that happen. But I also knew that I couldn’t even see other women when I was with her, or not with her. She had me, all of me, and no other woman stood a chance. I spent my days here in Arizona working and sleeping. Hadn’t been to a bar or restaurant. Ate room service, thought about Angie, was horny as hell. But I managed to make it from the end of one day to the beginning of the next, not really present but here.

I checked the time on my phone, my attention shifting to the smiling picture of Angela that served as my screensaver, and sighed as I shrugged into my sport coat and left my room.

Glenn Turntine was in the lobby waiting for me. A short, compact man, with thick, graying hair and looks that would tell anyone his thin, beautiful wife was in it for the money, he smiled when I entered the lobby, proffering me his hand. “Good morning, Boyé.”

I hated how he addressed me by my last name, but insisted that I refer to him as “Glenn,” as if I liked his ass.

Nevertheless, I shook his hand, nodded, and said, “Morning, Glenn.”

“You ready for your big day?”

I hated that shit, too. This wasn’t going to be my hotel. If it belonged to anyone, it belonged to the Hill Brothers, the owners of the company.

“You know I am,” I said, giving him a fake smile.

“Good! This is going to be a wonderful project with everything we have planned for this resort! It is really going to put Sable Inc. on the map!”

With my ass doing all the work. I nodded. “Yeah, it’s definitely going to be a great facility. A good addition to the company’s holdings.”

I swear I was tired of playing these games, pretending to like Glenn’s ass, acting like I still enjoyed this demanding-ass job, and I missed my damn woman, who had cried on the phone that morning. I was still trying to deal with that and really didn’t feel like playing the happy employee.

As we exited the hotel and headed to Glenn’s waiting limo, he said, “How are the accommodations here? I know you prefer rentals over hotels.”

“It’s fine,” I said, as he gestured for me to enter the limo before him.

He settled in the seat across from me. “Hmm, how’s your girlfriend? The YouTuber? Did she travel here with you?”

I looked up from checking my email on my tablet. I was responsible for the logistics of this groundbreaking and wanted to be sure there were no last-minute issues for me to deal with. “What?”

“Your girlfriend. She was your girlfriend, right? Um…4C something? How is she?”

“She’s good.” I dropped my eyes back to the tablet, wondering why the hell he was bringing her up. “And she’s still my girlfriend.”

“She stayed behind in Tennessee?”

“Yes, because that’s where she lives.” He was beginning to piss me off. I was in no mood to discuss Angie with him or anyone else.

“Well, good. At least you won’t be distracted here…unless you find another little Internet star to latch onto. But let me be clear, you mess this one up, Boyé, and I can’t guarantee it will end well for you.”

I slowly looked up from the tablet again and fixed my eyes on him. “What the hel—what is that supposed to mean?”

“It means this is a huge project, Boyé, huge, and there’s no room for ridiculous mistakes like the one you made in Tennessee. You screw up like you did before, and your job is gone.”

“You threatening me?”

He shrugged. “If that’s how you want to take it.”

I scoffed. “You know what, Turntine? Fuck you and this job! You gonna sit here and talk about my woman like she’s nothing when what you need to do is keep her name out your damn mouth? Then you threaten me? You must’ve lost your mind! All the shit I’ve done for this company? Your not-doing-shit ass is the one who needs to be fired!” I knocked on the partition as Glenn stared at me with wide eyes.

“Boyé—”

“Glenn, shut the fuck up. I mean it. I don’t want an assault charge, but you’ve been working on an ass-kicking from me for years.” The limo stopped and the driver came around to open the door. As I stepped out, I said, “And if it isn’t already clear to you, I motherfucking quit.”





44





Now…



“You quit? You really quit your job?” she asked from her perch on my lap. We were still on her sofa and still naked as I explained to her how I quit my job, caught an Uber back to the hotel, called KC to give him a heads up about what had happened since he put in a good word for me to get the job, got my stuff, made a couple of stops to handle some business, and took the first flight I could get back home, to her.

“I’m sorry,” she said, concern clouding her eyes. “I know how much that job meant to you.”

“Don’t be. I’ll be okay. I was able to save most of my salary over the last few years, because the company always covered my traveling costs, paid for my lodging and rental cars. I can handle the bills. I ain’t gonna be up in here being a deadbeat. And I have a plan for our future, too.”

“Really?”

“Yeah, I was thinking of ways we can grow your channel on the plane ride here.”

“Our channel? What’d you come up with?”

I grinned. “I was thinking we could add a series of videos where we debate music groups like we do all the time. You know, which one is better? We could call it, ‘Who You Got?’ Or ‘Verses Versus.’ It could be a weekly thing. And I think we should go to more conferences and film while we’re there and upload it. I got that idea from KC. He was telling me how he and Sarita wanna go to an event, but it’s hard with the baby. That got me thinking there are probably other people who would love to see footage from events.”

“Wow, that sounds great, baby.”

“And you can teach me how to edit so I can help with that, and that way we can crank out more videos every week. Oh, and we need to start selling merchandise, t-shirts and stuff like that. I have a friend who can put us a website together.”

“You’ve really been thinking about this, huh?”

“Yeah, baby. So what do you think?”

She smiled. “I think I love everything you said and I know I’ve missed you and I’m glad you’re back. And I’m sorry I let you go without me.”

“It’s all right. If you hadn’t stayed, I wouldn’t have realized how much I hated that job or that this is where I need to be. That job served its purpose by bringing me here to you. Now it’s time for me to move in a different direction with you.”

“But I still owe you an apology. I shouldn’t have pressured you about marriage when I knew you had commitment issues. I know it’ll happen when the time is right.”

I raised my eyebrows. “You don’t want to get married anymore?”

“I didn’t say that. But I can wait. I just wanna be with you. I don’t ever want us to be apart again.”

“Me either, baby. That’s why I got this before I left Arizona.” I dug into my pocket and pulled the ring out. “Will you marry me?”





I stared down at the gorgeous ring and blinked back tears before lifting my eyes to Ryan’s face. “Are you sure? I don’t want you to do this just because you know it’s what I want.”

“It’s what I want, too. Am I scared? Yeah, but I know I love you and I know I always will. I know I want to spend every day of the rest of my life with you, Angie. Baby, if you’ll have me, I wanna be your man, permanently. So…will you marry my unemployed ass?”

I hugged him tightly. “Yes!”

He squeezed me to him, kissing my neck and whispering, “I love you, Angie. We’re gonna have a good life. A great life.”

I nodded against his shoulder. “As long as we’re together, it’ll be the best life.”

My phone buzzed in my purse for the one-hundredth time since I pulled Ryan in the door, and I knew it was probably Nicky. “I never made it to my mom’s for dinner, and I was late before we…you know. That’s probably Nicky now wondering what happened to me. I better answer.”

He nodded as he rubbed the back of his thumb down my cheek.

I slid from his lap onto the sofa and began searching for my phone. By the time I dug it out of my purse, I had missed Nicky’s call and quickly sent her a text letting her know I was okay, wouldn’t be able to make it to dinner, and would call her later. When I turned back to Ryan, he was beside the sofa on bended knee.

“Thought I’d do this the right way,” he said. “Give me your hand, baby.”

I fought back tears as he slid the ring on my finger and rejoined me on the sofa, kissing me deeply.

“Thank you,” I whispered. “Thank you for loving me like you do.”

He shook his head. “Naw, baby. Thank you for letting me love you and for loving me back.”

“I didn’t have a choice.”





45





Five months later…



“All right, everyone. You know why you’re here, why you’ve packed this hall today. You’re wearing the t-shirts. You’ve seen their videos. So I wanna know, are you ready for this year’s Natural Hair Expo’s featured guests?”

The crowd roared in response to the MC’s question.

“Okay! Their YouTube channel has over two million subscribers, they average more than half a million views per video, both have huge social media followings, so suffice it to say, these two have taken the online and natural hair worlds by storm. I present to you the newlyweds we all love, 4C Angie and Ryan!!”

Ryan grinned and gripped my hand, leading me to the stage as the crowd erupted again, growing even louder as we stepped onto the stage and took our seats. We were both wearing t-shirts with our new channel name and logo on them—4C Love. We waved, and when Ryan brought my hand to his lips and kissed it, I thought they would shout the roof off of that convention center.

“Woo, y’all really do love them,” the MC, a fellow vlogger known as Naturella Gabriella, said. “As you all requested, this will be a Q&A rather than a panel discussion. There are two mics set up at the front of the aisles, and we’ll take as many questions as we can in the time allotted.” She turned to us. “Ryan, Angie, on behalf of everyone here, I want to thank you two for joining us. I know newlyweds have other things they could be getting into.” She gave us a smile and a wink.

Ryan lifted one of the microphones that had been lying in our chairs to his mouth, and said, “Don’t worry. We’ll get to that later when we get back to our room.”

The crowd laughed.

Then Gabriella said, “Hmm…well, we can all tell from your videos that you two can barely keep your hands off each other.” She turned to the crowd, and added, “Y’all remember that kiss at the end of that video where Ryan washed her hair, right?”

The crowd nodded, and yelled, “Yes!”

“All right, let’s have the first question.”

We fielded a ton of questions about anything and everything from Ryan’s accent, to what it was like for us being full-time vloggers, to the lipstick I was wearing at that moment.

“Are you guys going to upload a wedding video?” one young lady asked.

“Yes, as soon as Ryan edits it,” I answered, cutting my eyes at my husband.

“That’s my wife’s way of calling me out,” he said. “But I’m working on it.”

Most of the crowd laughed a little too hard, something I called the Ryan Effect. Woman seemed to lose their minds around him, laughed too hard at his jokes, smiled too much when they were in his presence, stuff like that.

A teenaged girl approached the mic, expressing to us how much she enjoyed our videos, and then she asked, “Ryan, anyone can tell how much you guys love each other, so my question for you is: what do you love most about Angie?”

He reached over and grasped my hand in his, looked into my eyes, and said, “Everything.”





Stay tuned for Believe in Me, Renee’s story. Coming soon.





A southern girl at heart, Alexandria House has an affinity for a good banana pudding, Neo Soul music, and tall black men in suits. When this fashionista is not shopping, she’s writing steamy stories about real black love.

Connect with Alexandria!

Email: msalexhouse@gmail.com

Website: http://www.msalexhouse.com/

Newsletter: http://eepurl.com/cOUVg5

Blog: http://msalexhouse.blogspot.com/

Facebook: Alexandria House

Instagram: @msalexhouse

Twitter: @mzalexhouse





Also by Alexandria House:



The Love After Series:

Higher Love

Made to Love

Real Love





