The Millionaire’s Arranged Marriage

(The Alexanders)





By Tina Martin





Copyright 2014 @ Tina Martin





All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, photocopying and recording, without prior written consent of the author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, businesses and products are used fictitiously. Any similarity to actual events is entirely coincidental.

[Cover image by imagerymajestic freedigitalphotos.net]





Also by Tina Martin:



Accidental Deception, The Accidental Series, Book 1

Accidental Heartbreak, The Accidental Series, Book 2

Accidental Lovers, The Accidental Series, Book 3

What Donovan Wants, The Accidental Series, Book 4

Dying To Love Her

Dying To Love Her 2

Secrets On Lake Drive

Can’t Just Be His Friend

The Baby Daddy Interviews

Just Like New to the Next Man





ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS


Many thanks to my family and friends for their continued support of my writing career, especially to my sisters, Daisy, Sheila and Latesha; to my husband Matt and my children, Matthew and Mikayla.

As always I extend a very special thank you to my fans and readers for your kind words and reviews. It is much appreciated.



~ * ~





Dear Reader,



In my eleventh novel, The Millionaire’s Arranged Marriage, I introduce you to the Alexanders. There are three brothers: Heshan, Prasad and Dilvan.

Heshan is the oldest brother. He’s single, laid back and relaxed.

Prasad is the mature, responsible one. He’s married with two children.

Dilvan is the youngest brother, the one you will definitely love to hate. A model by profession, he’s the flashy, arrogant type. He loves money and loves to flaunt what money can buy.

Colin and Padma Alexander are their parents. Colin is African-American and his wife, Padma, is of Sri-Lankan descent. Together, with the help of their irresistibly handsome sons, they grew the family business into a multi-million dollar empire.

Tyson Alexander, thirty-two, is Colin’s nephew which would make him the first cousin of Heshan, Prasad and Dilvan.

Beatrice is Dilvan’s housekeeper. She’s an older lady, with an old soul. And she has her own quirky language which you’ll see as you read along.

The story centers around Dilvan Alexander, who at twenty-five years of age is forced to marry Gabrielle Robinson, by his Mother. He’s not attracted to Gabrielle, and does not want her nowhere near him. As retaliation against his Mother’s decision, he decides to make his new bride suffer by abusing her.

But what goes around, comes around. Dilvan Alexander doesn’t know that he’s about to learn a lesson that will stay with him for the rest of his life.

Happy Reading!





The Millionaire’s Arranged Marriage

(The Alexanders)





CHAPTER 1



Dilvan



- - -



Dilvan stepped out of the shower in his ensuite bathroom, standing on the heated marble floors, drying off his smooth, muscular body while conceitedly staring at himself in the mirror. He loved what he saw – washboard abs, blemish-free, caramel skin, and toned thigh and arm muscles – the time he spent maintaining his build was well worth the effort. He shook excess water from his black, curly hair and after throwing on a thick robe, he arrogantly sauntered down the hallway to his wife’s room.

He hadn’t allowed Gabrielle to sleep in his bed. No woman had been good enough for that privilege, especially a wife whom he didn’t want. One in which he had no attraction to, no feelings for – a woman he was forced to marry.

His Mother, Padma Alexander, being of Sri Lankan descent, had chosen Gabrielle to be his wife. Their culture was one of whom believed in arranged marriages and even though they were no longer living in Sri Lanka, but instead in Southern Shores, North Carolina, Padma still wanted her youngest son, Dilvan, to marry a woman of her choosing. According to her, he was too foolish and shallow to choose a decent woman on his own like she had allowed his brother Prasad to do. And with Dilvan’s marriage, there were rules – he couldn’t see any other woman and he had to remain married at least for a year or he’d be cut off from the family fortune.

Dilvan was defiant against the marriage but greed pushed him to reluctantly go along with his Mother’s plan. His millions were running out fast due to his frivolous spending; a yellow Ferrari and a beach house in Belize being among his most recent acquisitions. He’d already owned two other luxury vehicles – a silver Maserati and red Lamborghini, and he lived in a six-bedroom beach house in Southern Shores. So he agreed to the marriage only because he needed a cut of the family money to maintain his lavish lifestyle. Besides, he had a plan of his own when it came to this unwanted marriage to Gabrielle – he’d make her suffer. If he treated her bad enough, maybe she would leave. Six months into their arrangement, she was still around, and he was continuously treating her harshly. The good news was he knew she was almost at her breaking point.

* * *

Dilvan pushed the door open to her room, causing it to squeal at the hinges. The noise, however, didn’t wake her; even the eerie creaking of the wooden floors that accompanied Dilvan’s solid footsteps to her bed hadn’t stirred her. As he stood by her bed, an evil smile touched his lips. She was lying there, sleeping soundly, her kinky hair gathered into a high ponytail, her hairstyle of choice. Her smooth, chocolate skin was a direct contrast to the beige sheets that covered the queen-size bed.

Dilvan turned up his nose. He couldn’t stand the woman, but since his Mother made it clear that he couldn’t touch another woman, he’d made Tuesday and Thursday nights his conjugal visit nights to her bedroom. Today, he snuck into her room Tuesday morning instead of waiting until night, standing over her bed like a dark rain cloud, aroused and watching her.

In one quick motion, he grabbed two handfuls of the bed covers and stripped it off of her, tossing them to the floor.

Gabrielle shrieked, gathered herself into a ball and asked, “What are you doing?”

“Did I ask you to speak?” he grunted angrily, then wrapped his large hands around her ankles, snatching her skinny legs to stretch them out on the bed. Climbing on top of her, he pried her legs open and forced himself inside of her, taking her the same way he did twice a week, usually at night so he wouldn’t have to see her face. It would be dark and he’d be sure not to turn on the lights.

Since deciding to make his visit today a morning one, he threw a pillow over her head while he thrust forcefully inside of her. He listened as she whimpered, but he was so against this bogus marriage and so annoyed with her presence in his home that he was calloused towards feeling. Dilvan was a selfish man in general, part of the reason why Padma chose him, out of her other sons, to find a bride. But if his Mother thought she’d break him, she had another thought coming.

Dilvan pumped into her harder, and she cried even louder.

“Please stop,” she said, tearfully.

“Shut up! You should be used to this by now,” he told her, locking his hands tight around her wrists like handcuffs. Then he’d grunted and threw his head back in pleasure, his eyes closed tight.

“Ahh, mmm,” he growled, withdrawing from her body. He stood up, picked up the bed covers from the floor and after tossing them at her face, he snarled, “Clean yourself up and get ready for breakfast.”

Dilvan headed back down the hallway to his bedroom, walking tall with an opened robe, a true tyrannical king of his castle. His six-bedroom beach abode was his throne. He ruled his empire and this dreadful woman that his Mother had matched him with would not be his queen. Six more months of seeing her disgusting face and he would be able to freely choose his own bride; preferably a hot bikini model he’d been admiring for quite some time. Her name was Isabella Torres. She was beautiful, Brazilian, with the same light complexion as him. She had a head full of long, silky black hair, adorable eyes and a tight, fit body.

The last time he saw her was on a beach in Emerald Isle where he’d been modeling a new line of men’s swimwear. Isabella had been slathered in suntan lotion, glistening under the sunlight, wearing a two-piece, American flag bikini that was so skimpy, she might as well had on nothing. Her pretty toes were covered in grains of sand as her voluminous hair swayed in the ocean breeze. That’s the woman he wanted. Gabrielle needed to disappear.





CHAPTER 2




Gabrielle



- - -



I wipe tears from my eyes and force myself to get out of bed. This house, though decorated with elegance as it sits in a prime beach location, is a torture chamber for me. Many times, I’ve wanted to escape – to get away from this place for good and never see Dilvan Alexander again, but I stayed for two reasons.

Reason one – his Mother. Padma is like a Mother to me. She’s the one who saw my profile on the arranged marriage website and had contacted my Father initially, seeking interest in having me as a bride for Dilvan. We’d talked for months over the phone before I finally met her in person at a small café in Nags Head. She was beautiful with light Indian skin, smooth black hair that extended down to her waist and a petite frame that fit her short stature. She was kind and spoke with intelligence. She told me how lovely I was and that I’d make the perfect wife for her youngest son, Dilvan, who was twenty-five years old. I was elated then, because if Dilvan was anything like her, I knew I’d be happy. However, he turned out to be the complete opposite.

The second reason I stayed is because my family needed the money. We, my Father and two sisters, though living in the United States were dirt poor. At twenty-one, I was the oldest of my siblings. My younger sisters were fourteen and sixteen. Our Mother abandoned us for life in the streets when we were little girls, and our Father, who’d hadn’t had much education, struggled to support us.

All our lives, we lived in dilapidated houses – ones that looked as if they were abandoned or could be ruled uninhabitable by the city. We had no plumbing, no bathroom, no sink to wash our hands and no shower to wash our bodies. We had to pour water in a pail to take our baths. There was an out-house for a toilet and an outside water pump for drinking water. One would think that this type of housing wouldn’t exist in the United States, but it does. There was no American dream for us. Our living arrangements were more like a nightmare.

That’s why my Father signed me up on the arranged marriage website. He saw the amount of money people were offering for suitable marriage mates for their adult children. Padma paid my Father one-hundred thousand dollars for me to marry Dilvan. Before my Father took the money, he asked me if I wanted to go through with it. I agreed, because I needed my Father and my sisters to have a better life. I wanted them to feel normal – to know what it was like to actually have running water and a bathroom.

Father had taken the money and purchased a nice three-bedroom house in Greenville, North Carolina, bought my sisters some decent clothes and had gotten caught up on all the bills. He was so happy to get back on track with life that he was motivated to look for a job again, finding low-wage work in road construction.

While I was happy that my family was no longer struggling and somewhat living a middle-class lifestyle, I was suffering at the hands of a heartless tyrant who found some way to humiliate me every single day.

Yesterday, for instance, I made the mistake of making brief eye contact with him at dinner. As punishment, he set my plate on the floor and made me eat there – without utensils.

That’s one of his rules – I can never make eye contact with him under any circumstances. He said only pretty women could look at him and according to him, I looked like a creature.

Another one of his rules was that I could never call him by his name and was to address him as ‘My Lord’ instead. As if he deserved such a title...

Coming from a very humble background, I don’t mind being the type of woman who catered to the needs of her husband, but Dilvan wasn’t husband material. He didn’t treat me right, but to make it seem as if we were blissfully in love in front of his Mother, he’d speak to me in a respectful tone whenever she was around.

Padma was supposed to be joining us for breakfast this morning, which is probably the reason why Dilvan forced himself on me. It was a warning for me to behave when his Mother had arrived and I heard him loud and clear.



* * *



I dried off my body and found a yellow maxi dress that fit the length of my five-foot seven frame. Taking down my kinky hair, I brushed it, applied some pomade and pulled my strands back into a ponytail. I’ve never liked or worn makeup so after making sure I looked decent enough to join Dilvan in the dining room, I headed downstairs, feeling sore and sick. All I could think about is the torture I’d have to endure the rest of the day as I tried to predict what he would do next to degrade me. And since he had sex with me this morning, did that mean I was free and clear tonight? I could only hope...

I slowly walked to the dining room and sat across from him at the twelve-chair dinette – a sleek, wooden dining room table with a centered, crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling above it. When I sat down, I angled my face towards the table. God forbid I make eye contact with Dilvan, or shall I say, “My Lord”. Had I made that mistake, he’d probably throw his hot coffee in my face.

Without looking up at him, I can feel the heat of his eyes burning my flesh, so much so that I began to perspire. I’m having a sudden hot flash and I feel like fanning, but I’m afraid to move.

“You just had to wear a yellow dress, didn’t you? Makes you look even darker.”

I don’t respond because how am I supposed to reply to blatant disrespect? Yes, I am a chocolate-toned woman but Dilvan’s Father is also African-American and is a lot darker than I am. The only reason Dilvan’s not dark-skinned is because his Mother is of a different race.

“You don’t hear me talking to you, girl?” he asks, then slaps the table with an open hand.

I almost jump out of the chair when I hear the loud bang of his hand against the table, because though Dilvan has never hit me, a slap to my face can’t be too far off. Many times in relationships, verbal and mental abuse usually precedes physical abuse. I do consider the way he forces himself on me physical abuse, but he’s never slapped me or bawled a fist to punch me. He did, however, push me up against a wall once.

Trembling, I finally respond, “Yes, I hear you. Would you like me to change into an outfit that doesn’t make me look so dark, My Lord?”

“Nah...what’s the point? Either way, you’ll still look hideous,” he says, then chuckles loudly.

I don’t know how a good-looking man like Dilvan can be so evil. Sometimes, I watch him when he doesn’t know I’m lurking around the corner, and from the glimpses I get, I can plainly see that the man is gorgeous. He has three-inch strands of luxurious, curly black hair that he keeps edged up. The bone structure of his face is like a work of art, and I can’t be one-hundred percent sure since I haven’t looked at him for longer than two seconds, but I think his eyes might be gray. He doesn’t have a mustache above his smooth lips, but he does have a little hair on his chin. Being a model, he keeps his body in shape by working out in his in-house gym. He also makes it priority to get regular facials, manicures and pedicures. Looks are important to him and that’s how I know I’m not the type of woman he wants. I don’t look the part. I’m not a supermodel. In my quiet moments, I wonder if that’s why he treats me the way he does – simply because he doesn’t like the way I look.

I’m not a bad-looking woman – I just don’t do things other women do to enhance their looks. I haven’t had a perm in my hair in ten years, not because I didn’t want one, but because my Father couldn’t afford to keep buying relaxers every four weeks, so I learned to love my natural hair at an early age. I embraced it, even though it made me appear differently from straight-haired women. My skin is a rich chocolate brown color. According to Dilvan, that’s what made me so ugly.

Another reason I think he dislikes me is because he knows I come from a poor family and that his Mother paid my Father one-hundred thousand dollars for me. Was he angry about the money, or at the fact that he felt he was so good-looking, he didn’t need his Mother buying a woman for him?

The Alexanders were millionaires. Dilvan’s parents Colin and Padma owned a tea exporting company, big business in Sri Lanka that they established when they lived there many years ago while the boys were young. When the children were older, they joined the family business, left the country for the United States and chose to live in the outer banks of North Carolina because it reminded them of their home in Sri Lanka.

Dilvan, however, worked just a few hours a week with the business, choosing to be a model instead of diving head first into his parent’s company as his brothers had done. He modeled swimwear but was mostly recognized for the work he did modeling underwear for Hanes and jeans for Calvin Klein ads, landing him on billboards and in numerous magazines.

Dilvan was close to his Father, Colin Alexander, though Colin wasn’t around much. He was mostly on trips, meeting investors and growing the business. Five months ago, Colin was sick, taking chemotherapy treatments for leukemia and was in dire need of a bone marrow transplant. None of his boys were matches and after holding several drives, Dilvan was moved to tears when an anonymous donor stepped up and donated marrow, saving his Father’s life.

Beatrice Pierce, Dilvan’s housekeeper and cook, came in the dining room carrying a tray of breakfast meats – sausage, ham and bacon.

“Looks good as always, Beatrice,” Dilvan told her.

“Thank you, Suh. I gots the rest on the way.”

Beatrice was in her late fifties, talked with an old, Southern drawl that had words like ‘sir’ sounding more like ‘suh’ and ‘for’ sounding like ‘fuh’. She’d been Dilvan’s housekeeper for four years. I noticed months ago how well he treats her. Seems he only hates me.

“Why don’t you ever do anything with your hair?” Dilvan asks, his voice projected in my direction, so I know he’s not talking to Beatrice.

I want to ignore him, but I know I have to say something. If I don’t, he’ll be furious and there’s no telling what he would do to me. Taking a deep breath, I replied, “According to you, I’m ugly. So what’s the point in styling my hair differently, My Lord?”

Silence.

He’s oddly quiet. I imagine he’s fuming inside, thinking up a smart comeback or the perfect insult to make me feel smaller than I already feel. I wish I could look at him, to see his facial expressions or to see if he’s about to physically attack me in some kind of way.

I’m not surprised when I hear him say, “Yeah...you’re right. What was I thinking?”

He chuckles an evil laugh and gets up from the table when he hears the doorbell. His Mother is here.

Showtime.





CHAPTER 3



Dilvan



- - -



“Hello, Mother,” Dilvan said, greeting Padma at the front door with a hug. Even though he was furious about her decision to basically force him to marry Gabrielle, he still loved and respected his Mother very much.

“Hi,” Padma responded, kissing her son on the cheek.

His parents lived in a beach house a mile away. Padma made it a custom to visit Dilvan every Tuesday for breakfast. Even though she lived so close, she respected her son’s privacy and wouldn’t intrude or show up to his place unannounced. Tuesday mornings was her time to catch up with him.

“I brought your cousin, Tyson, along to watch after the house while you’re away for a few days,” she told him. She remembered that Dilvan was leaving for Santa Monica tomorrow morning for a photo shoot and wouldn’t be returning until Sunday night. Tyson, the son of his Father’s brother, volunteered to take care of Dilvan’s house while he was gone.

Dilvan wasn’t too fond of Tyson. They’d met as children, but only hung around each other because they were related, first cousins. In their adult lives, they saw each other here and there, would speak in passing but nothing more. At thirty years of age, Tyson seemed to connect more with Dilvan’s brothers than with him.

Watching Tyson get out of his silver Range Rover with a gym bag, Dilvan said, “Mother, you know I don’t need Tyson to stay here. Beatrice looks after the house just fine while I’m out of town.”

“Nonsense. Who’s going to cut your grass, clean the pool or take care of urgent company matters while you’re running off taking half-naked pictures of yourself for the world to see, Dilvan?”

Dilvan wordlessly shook his head at his Mother’s lack of respect for his career. Whenever the opportunity presented itself, she reminded him how his brothers chose to join the family business full-time while he was following wasteful pursuits, showing off his goods and being an egotistical, attention-seeking maniac.

“Mother, you know I hire people to do those things. I don’t need Ty—”

“Are we just going to stand at the door, or are you going to invite me in, son?”

He took her by the hand. “Please, come in, Mother.”

Padma walked in, wearing a long, flower-printed dress, and gold gladiator sandals. She strolled to the dining room while Dilvan remained at the door, waiting to greet Tyson as he took his time up the walkway.

“Well, hello my darling, Gabrielle,” Padma said. “Don’t you look lovely?”

Gabrielle stood up to hug Padma and around that same time, Dilvan walked back in the room with Tyson in tow.

“Gabrielle, have you met Tyson?” Padma asked.

Gabrielle glanced at him and dropped her head quickly. “I don’t think so.”

“Okay, well, this is Dilvan’s cousin, Tyson.”

Without looking up at him, Gabrielle mumbled, “Nice to meet you, Tyson.”

Tyson frowned. How could it be so nice to meet him when she wouldn’t even look at him? Maybe she was shy...

“Nice to meet you too,” Tyson responded.

They all took a seat at the table. Padma took a basket of roti, a leavened flat bread in small rounds, from the center of the table. It was a Sri Lankan style of bread made with wheat flour, grated coconut, onions and green chillies. Even though her family lived in the U.S., they still enjoyed, and prepared, some Sri Lankan cuisine as well as adapted to more traditional American foods.

Dilvan made sure Gabrielle sat across from him so if she attempted to say anything out of line, he’d keep her in check by nudging her with the tip of his shoe underneath the table.

“So how’s everything going, Gabrielle?” Padma asked her.

“Everything is fine, Mother,” Dilvan spoke up, answering for his wife.

“I was talking to Gabrielle, Dilvan. Gabrielle?”

Gabrielle was quiet for a moment. She didn’t know how to answer her Mother-in-law.

Annoyed by her silence, Dilvan kicked her in the shin underneath the table, which startled her and took her out of a trance.

“Everything’s fine,” Gabrielle said, then took a spoonful of grits to her mouth.

“You sure?” Padma asked.

“Mmm hmm,” Gabrielle mumbled.

“Um...Tyson,” Dilvan cut in. “I was telling Mother that you don’t have to house sit for me. Beatrice is going to be here and so is Gabrielle.”

“Oh, I thought Gabrielle was going to Santa Monica with you,” Padma said, eyebrows raised high. “Gabrielle, you didn’t want to go, dear?”

“Gabrielle is busy doing other things,” Dilvan said. “Besides, she’s like you, Mother. She has no interest in my career.”

Padma glanced over at Dilvan, then back over to Gabrielle. She noticed that Gabrielle hadn’t raised her head and made eye contact with anyone at the table. And why was Dilvan trying to answer questions that she was directing specifically to Gabrielle?

“He’s right, Padma. Besides, I haven’t been feeling well, lately,” Gabrielle added.

Dilvan kicked her again, harder this time, causing her to grimace and jump at the same time.

“What’s wrong, dear?” Padma asked, dropping her eating utensils.

“Nothing.”

“Are you sure? You’re not pregnant, are you?”

“Mother, will you stop it?” Dilvan said. “Prasad has given you two grandkids already, and if that isn’t enough, then you better hope Heshan decides to have kids because I’m definitely not having kids. My life is too complex to bring kids in the picture.” What he really meant was, he didn’t want to have kids with Gabrielle.

“You can’t single-handedly decide that you don’t want kids,” Padma advised. “Is this something you’ve discussed with Gabrielle?”

“Of course,” Dilvan responded, but the reality was he hadn’t discussed anything with Gabrielle. All he ever did was tell her what she could and could not do and issue threats. “Gabrielle agrees with me. She doesn’t want kids either, right Gabrielle?”

Gabrielle nodded with her head down.

Tyson frowned again. Something was off. He knew Dilvan’s reputation, knew the man had a mean streak straight from Satan himself and he was arrogant, so American Psycho-ish that he never really took any time to get to know Dilvan as he had gotten to know Heshan and Prasad.

“So Gabrielle,” Tyson said, looking at her. “How’d you and Dilvan meet?”

“I put them together,” Padma interjected.

Seemed no one was letting Gabrielle talk for herself tonight.

Padma added, “They have an arranged marriage and I arranged them.”

“Oh,” Tyson responded with raised brows, completely taken aback by this. “Didn’t realize people did that in the U.S.”

“Yeah. It’s actually becoming more common here,” Padma advised.

“How long have you guys been married?” Tyson asked.

“Six months,” Gabrielle replied softly.

“How is it? Being newlyweds?” Tyson inquired.

“It’s fine,” Dilvan said.

“Yeah. It’s fine,” Gabrielle repeated.

“I suppose you’re still getting to know each other,” Tyson said, “You know, with it being an arranged marriage and all.”

“That’s a never-ending process, Tyson,” Padma chimed in. “I’m still learning things about my husband and we’ve been together for forty-five years.”

“Wow. Forty-five years,” Gabrielle said, looking at Padma, finally making eye contact with someone. “That’s amazing.”

“Yeah, it is. Hopefully, you and Dilvan can be together and happy for just as long.”

The smile quickly fell off of Gabrielle’s face.

Tyson saw it immediately. He dropped his fork in his plate and said, “That was delicious.”

“It was...Beatrice is the perfect cook and housekeeper,” Dilvan said.

Padma patted her mouth with a napkin. “Dilvan, why don’t you show Tyson to one of your guest bedrooms.”

“Certainly.” Dilvan stood up, watching Gabrielle push food around on her plate with a fork. She hadn’t eaten much and that pissed him off. His Mother was already feeling like something was wrong, and he didn’t need any trouble out of her. Trying his best not to flare his nostrils, he walked over to Gabrielle’s side of the table, leaned down and kissed on the cheek, feeling her cringe. Then he said, “You two try not to get into any trouble while I’m gone.”

His Mother smiled, but Gabrielle hadn’t. She knew it was a threat. Dilvan had never kissed her on her cheek or elsewhere. She wasn’t good enough for his lips, he once told her.

At any rate, he led Tyson to one of the three downstairs bedrooms, the one closest to a bathroom.

“This is nice,” Tyson said.

“Yeah. Look, man...I really don’t need a house sitter. My Mother is a little shielding of me and my affairs at times.”

“I don’t mind...it’s only for what? Four and a half days?”

“Yep.”

“Yeah, that’s not bad at all. Plus, I don’t have much else to do this week so it’s cool.”

Dilvan nodded. “Well, this is the room and the bathroom is right around the corner.”

“All right.”

Sliding his hands in his pockets, Dilvan continued, “Beatrice cooks breakfast, lunch and dinner every day. I never tell her what to prepare, so every meal is sort of a surprise.”

“That’s cool.”

“And Gabrielle shouldn’t bother you too much. She usually stays upstairs during the day, or she’ll go sit on the beach.”

Tyson nodded.

“Well, I have to get more packing done. My flight leaves early tomorrow morning.”

“All right, man.”

Dilvan left the room and hung around the living room for a while, only so he could hear Padma’s conversation with Gabrielle. He wanted to make sure Gabrielle didn’t say anything out of line. If she did, he would make her pay later.





CHAPTER 4




Gabrielle



- - -



I was a nervous wreck at breakfast. Since living here, I’ve developed a tick – the slightest movements startle me because I never know if it’s Dilvan coming for me or not. I still can’t believe he kissed me on the cheek at breakfast. It was more like a kiss of death – a threat from him that I’d better not say anything negative about him to Padma. He’d already kicked me twice underneath the table.

A wave of relief came over me when Dilvan left the table to show Tyson to his room. I talked with Padma for a while, mostly about some of the charity and community events she was coordinating which included a few food drives. She’d also helped to organize a fun program called Ice Cream For Kids, partnering with local ice cream shops to provide free ice cream to kids during the scorching summer month of July.

The thing she was most excited about, and needed my help with, was a community garden. Her vision was a large garden that would grow fresh, organic produce for local area food banks and organizations who worked to feed the homeless, deliver meals for the elderly and less fortunate.

I told her it was a good idea and we had made plans to meet at her house on Friday to discuss it in more detail.



* * *



In the afternoon, I stayed hidden in my room, as I did most days, because I didn’t want to make the mistake of running into Dilvan. It didn’t matter that he wasn’t here...I was still afraid. He’d ran out earlier to get a facial and body scrub, something he did before every photo shoot. He also got regular waxes, preferring not to have one blade of hair on his body.

Tyson went out to buy a few items he needed. I know that because he’d come upstairs and yelled through my bedroom door that he was heading out and wanted to know if I needed anything.

Dilvan hadn’t returned home in time for dinner service at 6:30 p.m. So I sat at the table alone, and in peace, ready to eat my dinner. Beatrice had prepared crab cakes and garlic shrimp, along with a few breads, and a fresh garden salad.

“Here you are, Mrs. Alexander,” she says, presenting me with my food on a gold-rimmed China plate that was fit for royalty.

“Thank you, Beatrice.”

I began eating while noticing her do something that she’s never done before – sit down at the table with me. Ms. Beatrice never took a moment to sit down. She was always working – finding something to dust, something that needed to be put away, something to cook, organize, fix – she loved staying busy. As a matter of fact, I think this is the first time I’ve ever seen her sit down, period.

Every time I saw her she looked like she needed a drink of water. A short, stout woman with silver hair, dark skin and a big belly, she’d have beads of sweat on her forehead for which she kept a handkerchief handy. She smelled like bacon grease, Palmolive dish detergent and cough drops and wore those old-fashioned house dresses that looked more like night gowns. Every day, she’d wear an apron...never seen Ms. Beatrice without an apron. She looked like one of those earthy, motherly type women who’d raised a gaggle of kids and could tell you stories about the olden days.

“Mrs. Alexander, may I ask you something, sugar?” she asks, whipping out a handkerchief and dabbing her forehead.

“Yes, and please don’t call me Mrs. Alexander. Anything but Mrs. Alexander.”

“Okay, Mrs. Gabrielle,” Beatrice says instead. “Why you let the Mister treat you like a sack of dirt?”

I frown. This conversation was a one-way ticket to my grave. What if Dilvan walked in? What if he had this place bugged? What if Beatrice was his cohort, trying to get me to say bad things about my husband so he could torture me?

So I laugh it off and say, “What do you mean? Dilvan is the ideal husband. He’s a little stressed about work sometimes, but that’s all.”

Beatrice waves her hand in front of her face. “You might as well stop telling Ms. Bea that tale...Mister made you eat your dinner off of that there flo, child,” she says, pointing towards the floor. “Is that what you call ideal?”

“No, but—”

“Why you let him treat you like that?”

I sigh. “Because my family needs the money Padma paid me. I can’t very well pay it back to her. It’s already been spent.”

“Mrs. Padma is a reasonable woman. I’m sure if you had a lil’ chit-chat wit’ her ‘bout what’s going on in this house, she would be understanding.”

I shake my head and push the dinner plate away from me. My appetite is gone and I feel like getting up from this table and running away for good while Dilvan is out getting his chest waxed.

“It’s okay, Beatrice. Everything is fine the way it is. I’m not going to worry about it.”

“Well, I’m worried ‘bout it. You’re being abused, Mrs. Gabrielle.”

“I know, but sometimes, God allows things to happen in life, you know, to test us.”

Beatrice wipes her forehead and says, “God don’t want us to be no fools either, shug.”

She’s right. I can only nod and say, “Well, I have six more months left, then Dilvan can divorce me. I can hang in there until then.”

Beatrice blows a breath and shakes her head. “I don’t know where Mister gets his mean streak from, honey. His parents are so nice, and they do all this charity work for the community...even his brothers are thoughtful, respectful men. Good men. But Mister, he’s an abuser...making you call him My Lord. He has some nerve!”

“Has he done this to other women?”

Beatrice shrugs. “Mister don’t never bring no woman home, but I imagine he’d treat them the same way he treats you. He likes to use women, and you know what fuh.”

“If that’s the case, why’d his Mother want to marry him off so quickly?”

“Don’t you see, honey...she trying to save that boy! It’s all in them marriage papers you signed. Didn’t you read any of it?”

“No, not really. Padma just handed me a piece of paper and told me to sign it, so I did.”

“Well, let me tell you sumthin’...now Ms. Bea ain’t one for nosying ‘round, but I was cleaning Mister’s room and came ‘cross them papers. It said sumthin’ ‘bout Mister can’t have no relations wit’ any other woman while he’s wit’ you, which is the only reason he creeps up in your room every Tuesday and Thursday night.”

I look at her in shock. I didn’t realize she knew that. How embarrassing...

“What? You didn’t think Ms. Bea knew. I pretty much knows ‘bout er’thang that goes on in this here house. So back to them papers...it say if he ends the marriage, you know, by kicking you out or leaving you, he’s cut clean out of his parent’s will, and you know they rich peoples. Now, if you end the marriage, it say you forfeit the money Mrs. Padma gave you. But forgetting about the money for a second, you can’t continue to put up with Mister’s abuse, Mrs. Gabrielle. Now, if you don’t say nothing to Mrs. Padma, I will.”

“Beatrice, no. Dilvan would kill me.”

“How he gon’ know? Think ‘bout it...he’s leaving for California tomorrow and he won’t be back ‘til Sunday. You could be looong gone by then, honey.”

She was absolutely right. Surely, Padma would understand me when I told her how badly Dilvan had been treating me and that I’d been enduring his mental torture for six months. I could be packed and out of here and it would be perfect to do this while Dilvan was on a different coast.

I hear the front door open and cringe. I immediately pull my plate back in front of me while Beatrice hurries up out of the chair she was sitting in and disappears off into the kitchen. I quickly glance up and back down again because Dilvan is standing there, with black shades on, looking in my direction.

“You couldn’t wait for me, huh?” he says.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t know what time you were going to be home, My Lord.”

“Where’s Tyson?”

“He went to buy some supplies, My Lord.”

I hate feeling so scared all the time. I was hoping Dilvan would forego dinner and continue to his room, but he pulls out the chair in front of me, takes a seat then set his sunglasses on the table.

“So what did you and my Mother talk about this morning?”

“She wanted...to know...if...I...would...”

“Spit it out, girl!”

“She wanted to know if I would help her with a community garden.”

“What else?”

“That was all.”

“So my name didn’t come up at all?”

“It did, My Lord, but I told her everything was fine and that we were happily married.”

“Good girl,” he says, like I’m a puppy. “You were starting to piss me off at breakfast this morning, actin’ like you were sick and all.”

I wasn’t feeling good this morning. As a matter of fact, I’d been feeling sick for the last week. This morning was Dilvan’s first time hearing about it because he could care less about the way I feel. He wouldn’t even inquire about my well being.

“I’m sorry. It wasn’t my intent to upset you,” I tell him.

“Don’t let it happen again, okay?”

“Okay.”

“Okay, what?”

“Okay, My Lord.”

“Perfect. I’m going to go upstairs...need to make sure I got all of my things together.” He stands up, then says, “Beatrice, I won’t be eating anything. I had a bite to eat already.”

“Okay, Suh,” she yells from the kitchen.



* * *



It’s a little after nine and I’m standing in the shower, thinking like I usually do. For the first ten minutes, I’m usually in a trance, letting the water run on me as I stand as still as a statue. I’m numb, the life has been sucked out of me for the last six months of my life and now I’m seriously contemplating taking Beatrice’s advice and letting Padma know what’s really been going on in this house. I have to.

There comes a point in a bad relationship when you just have to let go. I haven’t been happy since I’ve been here. Even though everything is readily available for me and I have more shoes, clothes and everything else that I could possibly need, I’m not happy. I was much happier living with my Father and sisters, broke and all. We didn’t have money, but we had each other. I have no one here.

My thoughts are interrupted when I look through the foggy shower door and see the outline of someone standing there, motionless. I froze. I knew it was Dilvan, but why was he here? Had Beatrice told him something about our conversation earlier?

I saw his figure get closer, then he reached for the handle, opening the glass door by sliding it to the side, and now, I’m standing here exposed, wet and naked and he’s standing there like he’s about to get in with me, his arms crossed, staring while holding my bath towel.

I suddenly feel a chill strike me. I have goose bumps all over my body. He doesn’t say a word, just watches me, torturing me with his intense stares and unwelcomed presence.

“How long have you been in there?” he asks, his voice blending with the rushing shower water.

“About twenty-five minutes.”

“Time for you to get out, don’t you think?”

“Yes, My Lord,” I respond with chattering teeth. I turn off the water and step out of the shower, reaching to take my towel from his hand.

He moves back, not allowing me to take it from his grasp.

So I stand there, in front of him, wet and naked, beads of water coating my skin. I cross my arms to cover my breasts, then in the nicest, most respectful voice I can muster, I ask, “May I please have my towel, My Lord?”

“Not yet,” he says. “Do you know I’ve never really seen you completely naked?”

My lips tremble. I close my eyes, feeling tears well up in them, and shake my head.

“Relax your arms so I can see you,” he instructs.

I do as he asks, even though I don’t want to. I feel cheaper than a truck-stop hooker right now with him staring at me like I’m a piece of meat. I thought I’d be free and clear of him tonight since he’s already satisfied himself this morning but looks like he’ll take advantage of me once again tonight.

I stare down at my toes. The thought of him touching me makes me want to puke. Just the way he’s looking at me is enough to make me queasy. I can’t help but think about his thoughts – what he thinks of me this precise moment, looking at my flesh. If I’m so ugly, why is he staring so hard?

“Turn around,” he tells me, tauntingly.

I swallow hard and close my eyes. I don’t want to turn around for him. I’m afraid of what he might do to me. For the first time, since I’ve been Mrs. Alexander, I consider telling him no. It’s on the tip of my tongue, and really, what’s the worst he can do to me that he hasn’t done already? Hit me?

“I said turn around, Gabrielle,” he erupts in a harsh, authoritative tone.

“No,” I say, before I was even aware of it. On one hand, I felt proud of myself for finally standing up to him. But on the other hand, I knew my punishment was coming when he tossed my towel across the room, grabbed my right arm and physically turned me around, pushing me towards a wall.

A few seconds later, I feel him penetrating me, thrusting harder than he’s ever taken me before and after minutes of this, he withdraws from my body. Grabbing my arm and forcing me to face him this time, he wraps his large hand around my neck, squeezing with the force of an anaconda and says through clenched teeth, “Don’t you ever tell me no.”

Tears roll out of my eyes as I struggle to catch a breath. With the little air I can collect, I cry out, “Why do you hate me?”

“Because I didn’t ask for you. I don’t want you!”

“That doesn’t stop you from sleeping with me.”

A sly grin touched his lips. “I might as well take advantage of you while you’re here...that’s all you’re good for.”

His chests puffs in and out quickly and his hand is still tight around my throat.

“Let me go!” I yell.

He frowns and pushes me to the floor with force. “There. You’re let go.”

He walks out of the bathroom finally, leaving me on the floor in tears. No matter how much I tell myself to get up, I can’t move, and that’s how I know I’m at my breaking point. I can’t stop myself from crying as I think about telling Padma that I have to leave. I’ve never been a quitter – a failure – but I’m tired of being a stereotype, the picture of an abused woman. Ms. Beatrice was right...God doesn’t want me to be anyone’s fool.





CHAPTER 5


Dilvan


- - -

Dilvan got up around five this morning, took a shower then left the house without saying goodbye to anyone. He was anxious about this photo shoot, because he would see Isabella there. He wouldn’t leave Santa Monica without officially meeting and getting to know her. He’d use what he knew about her already to get close to her. He’d heard, through a few of the guys, that she used to date a football player. After that, she dated on and off, men who had money, influence, power or all three. She had no kids, loved to be in the social scene and liked nice things.

Dilvan figured he had a shot at her. He wasn’t a football player, but he had muscles like one. He definitely had money, and another bonus for him was that they shared the same profession.

Boy was she beautiful...

Dilvan couldn’t recall ever seeing a woman so gorgeous, so enchanting. She was the Kim K. of the modeling world, had curves in all the right places and was a dream to watch. He couldn’t wait to finally see her again.





CHAPTER 6




Gabrielle



- - -



“Gabrielle, are you okay?”

I hear the deep, male voice ask me that question, but I don’t know how to answer it. My eyes are closed, I’m cold and I feel woozy. One thing is certain – I know this voice doesn’t belong to Dilvan, because he doesn’t care how I am. Therefore, he would never ask.

“Gabrielle, you’re bleeding. You need a doctor. Can you tell me what happened?”

When I open my eyes, I realize I’m where Dilvan left me last night – on the bathroom floor, naked. I never made it to bed, didn’t have the strength to get up from the area of the floor where he pushed me. I look at my surroundings and remember what happened in here. I was taking a shower and Dilvan had come in, interrupted me and assaulted me.

“Gabrielle, can you hear me?”

I blink quickly then look over at Tyson. I don’t even know what he’s doing upstairs because he’s staying in the guest bedroom downstairs. However, he’s at my side, on his knees, his warm hand on my shoulder. I don’t even scramble to cover my nakedness. I’m numb. I don’t care.

Confused, I look at him. “I can hear you.”

“You need a doctor,” he tells me.

“No I don’t. I’m fine,” I say, trying to force a smile to my face.

“You’re not fine. You’re bleeding.”

Bleeding? I look down at the floor where I’m sitting and I see dried-up blood all around me. Now I’m really confused. I didn’t cut myself. I have no abrasions on my skin. So where is the blood coming from. Then it dawns on me...it’s happening again. I’m having another miscarriage.

The first one happened four months ago. I was lying in bed and had a sensation like an urge to urinate. But when I got out of bed, blood oozed down my legs. In the middle of the night, I snuck off to the hospital where the emergency room physician told me I was having a miscarriage, which I thought was impossible because you have to be pregnant to have a miscarriage. I told him I wasn’t pregnant, and that he needed to tell me why I was bleeding. I couldn’t be having a miscarriage...

But I was.

That night in the hospital, I broke down, screamed so loud, I probably woke up all the patients on every floor. I was distraught, having life forming inside of me just die. Even worse, the doctor explained that he had to do a procedure called a D & C, dilation and curettage, where they’d put me to sleep and the contents of my uterus would be removed.

Through this process, I was alone. In a cold hospital, on a cold bed, alone. I didn’t want anyone to know. I was ashamed. The abuse, the stress and anxiety I suffered at Dilvan’s hands was the reason I’d lost my baby.



* * *



“I’ve called an ambulance,” Tyson says. “They should be here at any moment now.”

Tyson gets up and walks over to get my robe that’s hanging on a hook on the bathroom door. He wraps it around me. “Hey, can you stand?”

“I don’t know,” I say, tears falling from my eyes at the thought of losing another baby. And it’s not like I wanted to have Dilvan’s children. Truth be told, I didn’t want any attachments to him. But children are innocent; even unborn children. Even embryos. To me, this felt like another form of abuse by him, treating me badly, pushing me to the floor, forcing himself on me and damaging my body, killing my babies.

Tyson sighs. He’s overwhelmed, I can tell. He didn’t come here for this. He was only doing Padma a favor. Now, he’s smack dab in the middle of the drama that’s been going on in this house – things no one knows about, well besides Beatrice.

“Let me call Dilvan and tell him what’s going on.”

“No,” I say quickly. “He’s on a plane anyway.”

He frowns. “You don’t want me to call your husband?”

“No. Just let the paramedics take me to the hospital.”

“Then I’ll go with you.”

“No,” I tell him, because I don’t want him to know what’s going on with me.

“Yes. I can’t have you going to the hospital by yourself.”

I hear the faint sounds of the ambulance getting close. Tyson runs downstairs, as I sit here, on the bathroom floor, asking myself why this had to happen to me yet again.

Moments later, I hear a bunch of ruckus and then see two paramedics with a stretcher. Tyson comes in behind them.

He tells them he came in the bathroom this morning and saw me sitting here like this, in a mess of blood. The paramedics ask me what happened. I tell them I think I may be having a miscarriage, but I can’t be sure.

They scoop me up and on the stretcher, carefully descending the stairs. I see Beatrice standing there, near the base of the stairs, her hands covering her mouth while she wails.

“I’m okay, Beatrice,” I say faintly to her and the paramedics continue rolling me the rest of the way to the ambulance.

“I’m going to follow the ambulance, okay,” Tyson says.

I nod with my eyes closed, telling myself that this is a bad dream, but the reality is, the last six months of my life has been one hellacious nightmare.



* * *



At the hospital, the doctor confirms what I feared – I’m having a miscarriage and I break down in tears once again.

Tyson is there, standing by the door like he doesn’t belong in the room while the doctors give me this news. I want to ask him to leave, but know it would be rude after he’s taken the time out of his day to come here with me, not wanting me to be alone.

The D & C surgery is a quick one. Since I had one not too long ago, I already knew what to expect. Now, I’m in recovery, watching The King of Queens and eating ice chips.

“How do you feel?” Tyson asks.

“I’m okay.” I say it like I’m chipper, as if all is right with the world. I’m good at pretending.

Tyson looks at the TV for a moment. “You know what I hate about shows like this?”

“What’s that?” I ask him.

“They portray men as being stupid and weak creatures.”

I laugh at him and he says, “Have you ever noticed that?”

“I don’t watch much TV.”

“You don’t?”

“No.”

“Then what on earth do you do all day, up in your room?”

“I sleep. Write. I read. I love to read.”

“Let me ask you something, Gabrielle. Why were you on the bathroom floor naked this morning?”

I shrug. “Nothing...just slipped and fell I guess...must’ve hit my head and blacked out or something.”

“That, or maybe he pushed you. Did Dilvan hurt you, Gabrielle?”

For some reason, I find myself putting up walls and going into defense mode. What right does he have to ask me about my marriage and what’s going on in a house which he doesn’t even live in? He’s only a guest, a nosy one at that, and I owe him no explanation on anything that goes on in my home. I don’t trust him. As a matter of fact, the only man I do trust is my Father.

“No,” I respond. “I told you...I fell...”

“I don’t believe that.”

“Well, that’s what happened so...”

“And what happened at breakfast Tuesday morning?”

“What do you mean?” I ask him, while staring at the TV, because I don’t believe in having eye-to-eye contact with a man, thanks to Dilvan.

“I mean, Dilvan answers questions for you, he kicks you underneath the table and you won’t even make eye contact with him, the same way you won’t look at me...like you’re afraid.”

“I’m not afraid.”

“Then look at me, Gabrielle.”

I don’t want to look at him. In fact, everything inside of me is telling me not to look this man in the eyes. It’s been engrained in me, that I’m not worthy, not important enough to look people in their eyes. In some cultures, it’s disrespectful to do so. Back in the day, some women were afraid to look their husbands in the eyes. Maybe it was a self-esteem issue, or it could’ve been a way of showing respect to their men.

However, I live in a modern America. Not looking someone in the eyes is a sign of low self-esteem, a sure indication of a lack of confidence. Before I was married, I used to look people in the eyes. Now, I feel like Miss Celie from The Color Purple, afraid of my master, which in turn has made me afraid of other people.

“Gabrielle,” Tyson says. “Look at me.”

I feel my head turning towards the chair he’s sitting in, but I can’t believe I’m actually doing this. When my eyes make contact with his, he smiles. So do I. Tyson is handsome, a brown-skinned man with adorable, copper eyes, a chiseled face and a nice haircut. It amazes me how my eyes roam his face to enjoy every aspect of him, from the thin mustache above his top lip to the bone structure that makes him appear so manly and strong.

“Hi,” he says, and the smile hasn’t left his face.

“Hi.”

“You have some beautiful, brown eyes,” he tells me.

“Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.” He takes my hand and says, “Now that I have your undivided attention, I want to tell you a story. It’s the story about a woman who married the man she thought she would love the rest of her life. They had a beautiful wedding, and in public, he treated her like a queen, but behind closed doors, she was being tortured, beaten and she was scared to tell anyone for fear her husband would find out. That woman was my sister.”

“Your sister?”

“Yes. My sister married a man who was abusive to her. It went on for years before she finally told me what was going on.”

“What did you do?”

“First, I beat the crap out of her husband. Then I moved her in with me until she was able to get back on her feet and year ago, she moved out, has her own place in Charlotte and is doing just fine. She filed charges against her husband and a restraining order. I say that to say this...if you’re being abused, Gabrielle, you need to tell me.”

“Why? So you can go right back and tell Dilvan.”

“No. Why would I do that?”

“Because he’s your family.”

“He’s my cousin and honestly, I can’t stand him.”

“Then why are you house sitting for him?”

He blows a breath and after a long pause, he finally says, “This was Padma’s idea.”

My eyes grow big. “What do you mean?”

“She wanted me to stay with you to find out what was going on with you and Dilvan.”

“What made her think something was going on?”

“She told me she saw bruises on your neck one day...said you were trying to cover them with your shirt collar. Is that true?”

“Um...”

“Gabrielle, what happened to you this morning? You’re lying in a hospital for goodness sakes...there’s no need for you to keep trying to protect Dilvan. Now tell me what happened.”

“I can’t.”

“Why can’t you?”

“Because the money Padma gave me is already spent. My family needed it and I can’t pay her back.”

“You really think Padma gives a flip about that money? That’s a drop in the bucket to her. She cares about you, Gabrielle, which is why I’m here.”

“Why’d she send you?”

“Well, Dilvan’s brothers, Heshan and Prasad won’t step a foot in his house. Padma has her hand in so many different businesses and between that and her community events, she can’t be here every day. So she told me to come...find out what’s going on straight from you, especially since Dilvan was going to be away for a few days. So I need you to tell me...what happened last night?”

“Well, um...I was taking a shower around nine last night and he walked in the bathroom, slid the shower door open and just stood there, watching me. He likes to intimidate me that way.”

“Okay. Then what?”

“He told me to get out of the shower and he wouldn’t give me my towel, then he just stared me up and down before telling me to turn around. I didn’t want to turn around and I think I told him no, so he grabbed my arm, spun me around and pushed me against the wall. Then he had sex with me.”

“Wait...what do you mean he had sex with you?”

“Just what I said. He had sex with me.”

“Did you want to have sex with him?”

“No.”

“So he raped you.”

I knew that’s what it was – rape. I just never wanted to say the word or think I was being raped by my own husband. However, that is precisely what was happening every Tuesday and Thursday.

“I guess so.”

“No need to guess. By definition, that’s what rape is.” Tyson grimaces and says, “Continue.”

“Um...when he was done,” I say with a shaky voice, feeling tears slide down my face. “When he was done, he pushed me to the floor and told me to never tell him no again. I must’ve blacked out or something after that. I didn’t wake up until you came in this morning.”

“Did you know you were pregnant?”

I shake my head. “No. I didn’t know the first time, either.”

“First time?” Tyson frowns again, harder this time. “This isn’t your first miscarriage?”

“No...second.”

Tyson stands, appears angry and agitated as he pace the floor, the area right beside my hospital bed. “We have to get you out of that house.”

“No.”

“What do you mean, no?”

“I told you...Padma paid me to—”

“Padma could care less about that money. I told you that. She cares about you. She loves you like a daughter.”

“Then where am I supposed to go?”

“With me. I live thirty minutes away from here and Dilvan won’t come to my house looking for you.”

“Okay,” I say, though I’m confused by all of this. Is it really happening? Am I finally free from the tyranny?

“You look puzzled.”

“I am. I can’t believe this is happening.”

“It is. I won’t allow him to mistreat you anymore. As soon as we get out of this hospital, we’re going to his house to get your stuff and we’re outta there. Okay?”

“Okay.” I close my eyes, squeezing tears out of them. Dilvan had treated me badly, that was obvious, but the truth of the matter was, I wanted him to love me so much that I tried to convince myself that his mistreatment of me was somehow his way of expressing his love. And therefore, through all the abuse, the name-calling, the rape, the disrespect, I still wanted our marriage to work.

When I married, I never dreamed of getting a divorce. So what we met via an arranged marriage website? It was still a union, was it not? And while women who weren’t in my position would judge me and say I’m stupid for caring about a man who did nothing but torture me day in and day out, I’m the only one, besides God, who knows my heart.

I remember seeing women in similar situations on Dr. Phil. Their husbands beat them, made them do housework like slaves, forced them to rub their feet, have sex with them anytime they wanted and these poor, innocent women were so hopelessly in love, they didn’t want to leave their men. They wanted to stay, not for the abuse, but for the man they fell in love with.

I found myself in a similar situation. But even though I had love for Dilvan, I knew it was time to go. I would never lose another baby over his nonsense.





CHAPTER 7




Dilvan

- - -



Dilvan was surprised when he pulled up at the Shore Hotel and saw Isabella Torres emerge from the back seat of a yellow taxi cab. A feeling of elation swept over him. He was thrilled that he was staying in the same hotel as her and without wasting any time, he adjusted his dark shades and walked in her direction, for no other reason but to strike up a conversation.

“Isabella, right?”

“Yes,” she said, all smiles.

“I remember you from the Nags Head shoot.”

“Oh, yes,” she smiled. “Of course.”

“I’m Dilvan Alexander,” he said, extending his hand to her.

“Isabella Torres,” she responded, her hot pink lips forming to a wide smile. “So we’re both staying here, huh?”

“Looks that way.”

“Hey, maybe we can have a cocktail later or something,” she suggested.

“Yeah...that sounds good, actually.” Dilvan whipped out his cell. “What’s your number?”

She rattled off her number to him and afterwards, he tucked his phone back into the front right pocket of his jeans.

“I’ll ring you a little later...how does eight sound?”

Isabella checked her phone. The time was 5:42 p.m. “I should be good and settled by then. I’ll look forward to your call, Dilvan.”

She walked away with a strut, swaying her hips in a tight, white pencil skirt, a see-through, royal blue blouse that showed her black bra underneath. She completed her outfit with a pair of black Jimmy Choo stilettos.

Dilvan folded his bottom lip underneath his teeth, watching her walk away. He imagined having a deeper one-on-one conversation with her at dinner tonight, wanting to desperately know every single detail about her. He wouldn’t come across as pushy, however. He had to keep his cool, pretend like he didn’t want her, like men usually did when they knew they’d found the woman of their dreams.



* * *



After unpacking his bags, he walked to the bathroom, took a shower, then standing naked in front of the mirror, he looked his body over for any blemishes that might need to be addressed before the shoot. He flexed his muscles, ran his fingers through his wet hair and shaved again, even though he’s just had a shadow of hair that couldn’t possibly be seen by anyone. But he’d be sitting close Isabella tonight. He had to make a good impression.

He slipped into a pair of shorts and a button-up, short-sleeved purple shirt, then taking his phone from the nightstand, he stepped out into the balcony, feeling the breeze on his smooth skin, seeing the tall palm trees swaying while taking in the beauty of the ocean. He dialed his home number. Beatrice would answer the phone, he knew, because that was the order of things. Only she was allowed to answer the phone.

“Good evening. How may I help you?” Beatrice answered.

“Hi Beatrice. It’s Dilvan.”

She wanted to hang up, but then again, Dilvan was still her boss. So instead, she said, “Hello, Suh. I see you made it to California.”

“Yes. It was a smooth flight all the way here. How are things going there?”

Beatrice rolled her eyes. He couldn’t be calling to inquire about Gabrielle could he? A woman he hated so much...

“Things are going just fine and dandy.”

“How’s Tyson treating you? He’s not any trouble, is he?”

Beatrice frowned. You’re the trouble, she thought. “No. Tyson is a perfect gentleman. As a matter of fact, he done a lil’ work ‘round the house today.”

“Good. I don’t need my Mother paying him for nothing. Make sure he has something to do every single day.”

Beatrice rolled her eyes again. He’s busy already...taking care of your wife. “Will do, Suh.”

“How is everything else?”

“By everything else, are you referring to your wife?”

“Not really, but since you brought her up, what has she been up to?”

“Nothing much,” Beatrice muttered. She wouldn’t tell him that Gabrielle had to go to the hospital today. He wouldn’t care anyway. “She’s been stowed ‘way in her room most of the day.” For added irritation for him, she continued, “I think she misses you already, and it ain’t even been a full day yet.”

Dilvan grimaced. The idea of someone missing him was a mysterious thing, because he’d never been with a woman any length of time, well besides Gabrielle, but he didn’t want her or their arrangement. Still, it baffled him at the thought that Gabrielle could miss him after the way he’d been treating her.

“You still there, Suh?”

“Yes. I have to go, but give me a call if you need me.”

“Aw’right. Hope you have a good night.”

“Same to you.”

Dilvan walked back into the room and placed his phone on the nightstand, then laid back on the bed, his hands behind his head, staring up at the ceiling. Could it really be possible that Gabrielle could miss him after he treated her so badly?

Why had he treated her so harshly? Because his Mother set them up...forced him to marry her? That was part of it, but he truly hated Gabrielle. He couldn’t stand to look at her, let alone be in her presence. She was the opposite of everything he wanted in a woman. He read her profile from the arranged marriage website, and after doing his own investigation of her, he knew she came from a poor family. How could he, as a man, grow his empire – his family – with a woman of her poor background. Money married money, not a woman who had nothing, was nothing and didn’t have the educational background to ever be nothing.

Isabella was different. She was a go-getter, a woman with drive, a nice body, a career and best of all, a career in the same field as him. He smiled thinking about her. He couldn’t wait to finally have his time alone with her tonight.





CHAPTER 8



Gabrielle



- - -



“Are you okay to walk?” Tyson asks as we pull up at Dilvan’s house.

“Yes. I can walk. It doesn’t hurt.”

“Okay. Instead of worrying about packing tonight, I’m going to let you rest. We can start packing in the morning.”

I reach for the door handle and he says, “No, I’ll come around to get you.”

Come around and get me? I frown. This is foreign to me. Dilvan never opened a door for me. If anything, he’d let doors slam in my face.

Tyson opens the door, reaches for my hand and helps me out of the car. Even though I’ve already told him I could walk just fine, he throws his arm around me and helps me up the stairs.

Dilvan has never given me a key to the house, because he said I didn’t belong here, so Tyson rings the doorbell. Beatrice opens the door, moments later. She has tears in her eyes.

“Are you okay, sugar?” she asks, then takes me into her embrace.

“Yes, I’m okay, Beatrice. Why are you crying?”

“Honey, I was so worried.”

“Well, you don’t have to worry anymore,” Tyson says. “Tonight is her last night here. Tomorrow, Gabrielle is moving into her new residence.”

“Thank goodness,” Beatrice says, elated. She was happy, even though she was sad that I would be leaving.

I continue walking towards the stairs, because I wanted to do nothing but lie down, get some meaningful rest, but instead of letting me ascend the stairs, Tyson led me to his guest bedroom downstairs.

“You can sleep here,” he told me. “I’m sure there are a lot of bad memories in your room.”

He was right about that. I had plenty of bad memories there – like Tuesday morning for instance, when my dictator snatched all the covers from the bed while I was sleeping and forced himself on me.

Standing at Tyson’s bedroom door, Beatrice says, “Gabrielle, are you hungry, dear?”

“A little.”

“Good. I made some clam chowder and a few other things. Let me fix you both a tray. I’ll be right back.”

I made myself comfortable on the bed while Tyson adjusted the pillows behind my back.

“Is that good?” he asks.

I nod, and then just sit there, staring straight ahead at the TV. It wasn’t turned on, but my eyes migrated to it. Why? I felt weird being in Tyson’s room. Even though he was helping me, sent here by Padma herself, he was still a man that wasn’t my husband.

“Are you okay?” he asks, touching my arm.

I tremble and snatch my arm away from him. His touch was a combination of being touched by someone who was a stranger and that of feeling like I was about to be assaulted somehow. Besides, that’s the only time Dilvan ever touched me.

“Here you are, shug,” Beatrice says. She had a bed tray filled with food, a bowl of soup, some fruit, as well as crackers and rolls. “Enjoy, my dear. Tyson, honey, I’ll be right back wit’ your tray.”

As she walks away, I pick up a spoon and begin eating. Beatrice makes the best clam chowder. I heard it was better than all the restaurants around here.

“How is it?” Tyson inquires.

“It’s very good.”

Beatrice comes back in the room with Tyson’s food tray, an identical one to mine and says, “Now y’all eat up. I’ll be back to check on ya.”

“Thanks Beatrice,” I say in unison with Tyson.

Beatrice smiles and closes the door behind her.

I resume eating, and as I dip a roll in my soup, I hear Tyson say, “Goodness. This is fantastic.”

“Beatrice makes the best clam chowder. She’s a really good cook. If she had her own restaurant, she’d sell out of this stuff on a daily basis.”

“Yeah....sure will. This is some of the best clam chowder I’ve ever eaten. I’m going to have to get her recipe.”

A brow furrowed, I ask, “Recipe? You cook?”

“I dabble here and there...”



For the next few minutes, we’re quietly eating. Tyson, I see, is not ashamed to straight chow down on a good home cooked meal. He’s almost finished with everything on his tray while I’m just finishing up the soup and starting on the fruit.

“That was delicious,” he says, dropping the spoon in the empty ceramic bowl.

“I’m sure she has more if you’re still hungry.”

“I could stand another bowl of that soup.”

I smile and bite into a strawberry.

“So how is it that a girl like you ended up on an arranged marriage website?” he asks.

“Um...well, when I graduated high school, I didn’t have money for college, so—”

“So you decided to marry somebody instead.”

“No, not quite like that. It was my Father’s idea. He found out there was money in it so—”

“So he pimped you out to a website?”

Though one could take his remark as an insult, I laugh because it is funny, and a little sad, how I ended up on the website. So I tell him, “They say desperate times calls for desperate measures, and if giving me away in marriage would ensure my family lived in sanitary conditions, then I was willing to do it.”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, I was poor. In many ways, I still am. But anyway, growing up, myself, my Father and two sisters lived in very old, houses...houses that should’ve probably been abandoned, but that’s all we could afford. These houses didn’t even have bathrooms and running water.”

“Really?”

“Yeah. Really. We were dirt poor. So my Father found the website, and he thought the man I was being placed with was a stand-up guy. He doesn’t know how bad Dilvan treats me. I never told him. Actually, Dilvan doesn’t allow me to call them. I can only talk to my family when I visit Padma.”

Tyson shakes his head. “That’s a shame.”

I feel him looking at me, staring while I eat and suddenly, I no longer want to chew.

“What else has Dilvan done to you?”

“Um...”

“How’s er’thang?” Beatrice asks, as she opens the door, barging into the room and our conversation. “Would you like more soup, Tyson?”

“Yes ma’am. Your soup is amazing.”

Beatrice smiles big. “Mrs. Padma say you make a mean soup yourself, Tyson.”

“Yeah, but it’s not as good as yours,” he tells her.

Beatrice blushes. She loves it when people compliment her cooking.

“What ‘bout you, Gabrielle?” Beatrice asks. “More soup, honey?”

“No thanks, Beatrice. It is delicious, but I’m stuffed.”

“Okay, shug. Tyson, I’ll be right back wit’ your bowl.”

Beatrice leaves again, but is back quickly with a bowl of hot clam chowder for Tyson.

He talks more, and I say he talks because I barely said a word to him. I just listened as he went on and on about the work he was involved in. He said he helped Padma with her charities and assisted with other things she needed help with.



* * *



After dinner, I’m so sleepy, I can no longer keep my eyes open. So I nod off, though I’m not fully asleep. It’s still difficult for me to sleep in this room because it’s not my room, and because Tyson is here, watching me.

My eyes open when I hear his footsteps pattering against the wooden floor. I have flashbacks for a moment, thinking it’s Dilvan coming to hurt me again. I curl up in a ball and pull the bed covers up tight around my body. Then I realize it’s not Dilvan’s footsteps. It’s Tyson.

Tyson sits on the bed next to me, adjusts the covers and say, “You can rest easy tonight, Gabrielle. I won’t hurt you. I promise.”

He smiles. I don’t know him that well, but for some reason or another, I know I can trust him when he says he won’t hurt me. He’s here to help me instead.

So I breathe easy. I will sleep well tonight. Tyson will protect me. Padma sent him to make sure I was okay, and I’m sure he would do his job.





CHAPTER 9




Dilvan



- - -



“Nice restaurant choice,” Isabella said, as Dilvan pulled the seat out from the table for her, being a complete gentleman.

He’d heard about JiRaffe Restaurant before, knew it was an elegant place to dine, so he’d made reservations for them.

“I know you have good taste,” he told her.

“How do you know that?” she asked playfully, sending him a striking smile, almost blushing.

“Just a well, educated guess,” he replied.

“You guessed right.”

“You look very beautiful tonight,” he told her, his eyes rolling down to her cleavage. She’d exposed more than an average woman would have, probably because she was accustomed to being scantily clad. It came with her profession.

“Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

“So let’s see what’s good here,” she said, picking up a menu, holding it in front of her face, then peeping around it, smiling at him.

Dilvan found her playfulness appealing.

“I don’t eat meat,” she added, “So I hope they have options on this menu to accommodate me.”

“Oh, you’re vegetarian.”

“Yep. It’s the best way for me to maintain my figure. I plan on modeling at least until I’m thirty-five.”

“How old are you now, if you don’t mind me asking?”

“I don’t mind at all. I’m twenty-five.”

“So am I.”

“Really?”

“Yeah,” Dilvan said. “You say that like you’re surprised.”

“Only because you have such distinct features...you look like you could be a few years older, which is a good thing for a man, by the way, but not a woman.”

Dilvan nodded. “Do you drink wine?”

“I do. I love wine.”

“Okay. Perfect.”

“Good evening folks,” the waitress said. “May I start you fine folks off with something to drink?”

“Yes,” Dilvan spoke up. “Bring us a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon, please.”

“Sure thing, and are we having appetizers tonight?”

“Yes,” Isabella said. “I’ll have the organic mixed greens.”

“And I’ll have the crab cake.”

“Excellent choices. I’ll be right back with your wine and two glasses.”

When the waitress walked away, Isabella said, “You’re adventurous, I see...ordering a bottle of wine before a shoot.”

“I always have wine before a shoot...it helps to relax me, so when I’m being yelled at to look this way and look that way, I won’t have a complete meltdown.”

Isabella giggled. “I know what you mean. I’m looking forward to this one, though. I always wanted to shoot at the Santa Monica Pier.”

“Me too.”

The waitress came back with the wine, popped the cork on the bottle and poured them both a glass. After telling them that their appetizers were on the way, she walked off.

“So what else do you do besides model?” he asked.

“What do you mean?”

“Well, I know you don’t work twenty-four-seven?”

“No. In between shoots, I like to spend time with family. My sister has three little girls and I love spending time with them, especially since I don’t have children of my own. Actually, I don’t want children. I’m sorry, that was probably too much information. I tend to talk a lot when I’m nervous.”

“Why are you nervous?”

“I think you know why I’m nervous, Dilvan,” she responded, blushing.

He wanted to smile, but refused. Instead, he said, “So no kids, huh?”

“Nope. I like ‘em, but I can’t mess this body up with kids.”

“Ah, I see.” And boy did she have a body, he thought. The downside of it all was Dilvan wanted kids...just not with Gabrielle.

The waitress brought over their appetizers and after walking away again, Isabella asked, “What about you? You have little ones?”

“No. I have one niece and one nephew, but I would like to have children of my own one day.”

Isabella nodded.

“My Mother supports many charities that help kids,” he added. “She is obsessed with doing charity work.”

“That’s wonderful. What organizations are she involved with?”

“Mostly her own. She founded Padma’s Food House, which is a program that helps to provide food for kids during the summer months. It’s also the name of her restaurant where she welcomes people for free of charge.”

“Free of charge?”

Dilvan nodded. “Yep. The only thing she asks is that patrons leave a donation in a drop box on the way out. She doesn’t really care how much they leave, but people are so generous, you know. People who have more money, leave more...people who can’t afford to leave a lot only leave maybe a few dollars, but at the end of the day, everyone, no matter how much money they have, gets to experience delicious food. She hired some world class chefs for that place.”

Isabella smiled big and covered her mouth.

“What is it?” he asked her.

“Don’t tell me Padma Alexander is your Mother.”

A smile grew on his face. “Yes. As a matter of fact, she is.”

Isabella’s eyes grew even bigger. “Really?”

“Yep. Really.”

“Man, it’s a small world. I actually met her when she was doing a bone marrow drive in Virginia Beach and raising awareness for bone marrow donations...said she does those regularly in honor of the donor who came through for your Father.”

Dilvan nodded. “Yes. Another foundation she started recently...the G.A. Foundation of Hope.”

“Yes. That’s wonderful. How is your Father, by the way?”

“He’s doing a lot better. That bone marrow transplant saved his life.”

“Yeah. That’s what your Mom was telling me at the drive.”

“It was a rough time for our family, you know. My Father is the glue that holds us all together. We may not get along all the time or see eye-to-eye, but we love each other. I actually think that my Father is the only person on this earth who understands me. I don’t know what I would’ve done if we lost him.”

Isabella nodded. “Yeah...thank goodness her daughter-in-law was such a close match.”

Dilvan disguised a frown and asked, “What do you mean?”

“You know,” Isabella said as a look of confusion brushed across her flustered face. “Your Mother introduced me to her daughter-in-law, which would be your sister-in-law, right? I think her name was...um...Gabrielle. Yeah, that’s her...cute girl, brown-toned, natural hair...”

Dilvan frowned. No, Gabrielle wasn’t his sister-in-law. She was his wife! However, since Isabella didn’t know he was married, she could only assume that Gabrielle was his sister-in-law.

Dilvan’s chest rose in and out as he tried to process what Isabella was telling him. Seemed she knew the affairs of his family more so than he did. What was going on? Was Gabrielle really the anonymous donor that saved his Father’s life?

“Are you okay?” Isabella asked when she saw how despondent he’d become.

“Yeah, fine,” he responded, then turned up the glass of wine to his mouth, finishing it then pouring another.

“Are you sure? You look a little flushed.”

“Um...” He took two bills from his wallet, a hundred and a fifty, “I gotta go. Thanks for having drinks with me, and I hope your shoot goes well tomorrow.”

Isabella looked confused when she watched him stand up. “O...kay. I hope yours do too.”



* * *



Dilvan took a taxi back to the hotel where he sat on the bed, furious and equally confused. It hadn’t dawned on him, until just now that the letters ‘G’ and ‘A’ in G.A. Foundation of Hope possibly stood for Gabrielle Alexander.

Had his wife, the woman he loathed, saved his Father’s life? Back when his Father, Colin, needed the transplant, all the brothers were tested, but no one was a match. Family members stepped up and when there were no matches, Dilvan took to the streets, organizing a team to find a match for his Father. To get more people to get tested, he even offered ten thousand dollars to the person who was a match and donated marrow for him. But even the reward of money didn’t bring in a match. Then, one day, an anonymous donor showed up, was a close match, and Colin recovered for three months following the allogeneic transplant.

Since breaking out in a sweat, Dilvan stepped out onto the balcony to get some fresh, Santa Monica air, rubbing his hands across his face. He couldn’t rest unless he found out if this was true. Who else to get the truth from but straight from his Father?

He dialed his Father’s cell phone. Colin was in New York, meeting with investors and was no doubt in bed by now since it was 1:00 a.m. on the East Coast. Dilvan listened with sweaty palms as the phone run several times. When the voicemail picked up, he hung up and dialed the number again.

“Hello?” Colin answered with a groggy voice.

“Hello, Father. It’s Dilvan.”

“Dilvan...what’s the matter, son? Are you okay?”

“Um...yeah. I’m okay—”

“Then why on earth are you calling me at one in the morning?”

“I’m sorry...I’m in Cali, and um...I need to know something, Dad.”

“Okay, well spit it out so I can go back to sleep.”

“When you were sick, back in February, and needed that bone marrow transplant, did you know who the donor was?”

“Dilvan, why on earth is this an urgent matter to you?”

“I want to know.”

“Why, son?”

“Because I need to know. Was it Gabrielle?”

“Dilvan...”

“Just tell me. Was it?”

Colin blew an agitated breath.

“Dad, I wouldn’t be asking you if I didn’t need to know, now please just—”

“Yes! Yes, Dilvan. It was Gabrielle.”

Dilvan’s lips trembled and for a moment, he could feel his heartbeats pounding against his chest with fierce thumps. “I don’t believe this. Mother told me it was an anonymous donor!”

“Dilvan, you need to calm down.”

“Calm down! And y’all have been lying to me?”

“Listen, son...your Mother told me not to tell you that Gabrielle was the donor.”

“Why?”

“You’re going to have to take that up with her. Now I have a busy day ahead of me tomorrow, so I’m going to get off this phone. If you decide to call your Mother, do me a favor...wait to call her at a decent hour. Goodnight, son.”

Colin hung up the phone and Dilvan immediately dropped to his knees and covered his face. It was true. For the last six and a half months, he’d been torturing the woman who had saved his Father’s life. He wondered if Heshan and Prasad were aware that Gabrielle had done this for their Father. Was he the only one left in the dark? The one terrorizing Gabrielle?

He hadn’t realized, until this moment, how innocent she was and how incredibly bad he’d been to her. He was trying to teach his Mother a lesson, but Padma had ended up exposing him for the selfish man he was – the man she constantly complained about.

Dilvan held his head in agony. How could he be so cruel to Gabrielle? He hadn’t tried to get to know anything about her or her family. He degraded her, told her she was ugly, that she was a waste of space. He hadn’t truly realized her worth, that she had a heart of gold. That she was truly a gem. He hated to admit it but his Mother chose the perfect woman for him. He just didn’t want to see Gabrielle for her value.





CHAPTER 10




Gabrielle

- - -



“So Padma should be here any minute now,” Tyson says, sitting directly across from me at the dining room table.

I don’t bother looking up at him but the pheromones floating across the table, which I attribute to testosterone, Zest body wash, aftershave and some luxurious cologne, blends deliciously with the aroma of bacon, ham and pancake syrup. Beatrice had cooked another mouth-watering breakfast, with waffles this time.

Tyson was just finishing up his last waffle, then he wipes his mouth and asks, “Are you okay?” when he notice I hadn’t eaten much of anything.

I nod, my head still down. I was worried about telling Padma all the things her son had done to me. If Dilvan ever found out, I’m certain he’d find me and strangle me to death, especially if Padma cut him out of the family inheritance.

“Gabrielle?”

“Yes.”

“Can you look at me? Please?”

I look at him, maintaining eye contact this time. The feeling of sitting at this table and looking people in the eyes is overwhelming for me. That’s just something Dilvan didn’t tolerate, something I’ve become accustomed to.

“There you are,” he says, flashing a heart-stopping smiling. “When Padma leaves, we’re going to pack. Okay.”

I nod again.

“How’d you sleep last night?”

“Good...better than I’ve slept in a long time.”

“Good, now why aren’t you eating?”

“I’m not really hungry.”

“Why? Are you worried?”

Is this guy reading me that well, I think to myself. That’s when I realize I don’t know him that well – that he’s here, he said, because Padma sent him here purposely to find out about my life with Dilvan. So just to clarify and to see if he still has the same story as yesterday, I ask, “Why’d Padma send you here again?”

“I told you...she wanted me to make sure you were okay.”

“And why would she think I wasn’t okay?”

Tyson grins. “You do realize we’ve already had this conversation, don’t you?”

“Have we?”

“Yes. I told you...Padma saw some bruises on your neck...and everyone knows how cruel Dilvan can be. Why do you think his brothers don’t come over here anymore?”

“Okay, so in the grand scheme of things, you are Padma’s clean-up guy?”

Tyson laughs. “You’re making me sound like a mobster.”

I grin a little.

“Nah, I’m not Padma’s clean-up guy,” he says then laughs again.

“So what do you do? Maintain her properties?”

“Something like that.”

“And she sent you here to look after me?”

“She sent me here to find out what’s been going on and to determine if Dilvan had been treating you okay. But you haven’t been particularly forthcoming with me so she’s coming to find out for herself this morning. I understand you two are pretty close.”

“Yes. I love Padma like a Mother.”

“Then make sure you pour your heart out to her like one.”

“But—”

“Well hello, my daughter,” Padma says, stepping into the dining room, interrupting my conversation with Tyson.

“Hi,” I say, then get up from the table to greet her with a hug.

Tyson stands and says, “I’m going to give you ladies your privacy. Holla if you need me.” He disappears somewhere in the living room and now, it’s just Padma and I, sitting at the table. She takes a plate, grabs a few food items and asks, “How have you been, daughter?”

“Um...” Before I can lie and say I’m okay, she says, “Tyson told me the story about what happened last night.”

I frown. “He did?”

“Yes, now I want to hear it from you, dear. What has been going on in this house?”

“Padma, I don’t want to get Dilvan in any sort of trouble.” Translation: I don’t want Dilvan to kill me.

“Forget about Dilvan!” she snaps, her home country accent dominating her vernacular. “I made your Father a promise that I would take care of you, and I’ve been so busy with the business, that I have failed. Now I want to know what’s going on.”

“Okay...um...last night, Dilvan forced himself on me and he pushed me to the floor. When I woke up, blood was underneath me and that’s when Tyson came in and found me. I’d had another miscarriage.”

“Another? Meaning you’ve had one before?”

I nod, dab the tears from my eyes and say, “Yes.”

Padma’s lips trembled. She was so angry, so troubled that she pushed her breakfast plate away and stood up, pacing back and forth by the dining room table, her hands balled into fists. “What else has he done to you?”

“Not sure if you were aware, but we have separate bedrooms. Every Tuesday and Thursday, he comes to my room to have sex with me...said I wasn’t good enough to sleep in his bed. He calls me names, makes me eat off of the floor...one time, he made eat my dinner in the rain...said if I didn’t finish it, I couldn’t come back in the house.”

I was so shaken at this point, I wasn’t sure if I could finish telling her all the things Dilvan had made me suffer through.

“What else?”

“He yells at me...makes me call him ‘My Lord’...makes me stand naked in front of him...when you come over for breakfast, he kicks me underneath the table if he thinks I said, or am about to say, something out of line.”

I take a moment to catch my breath and dry more tears, then I say, “I tried so hard to love him, Padma. I tried to make this marriage work. Even though I know I’m not deserving of him and that he could be with someone better than me—”

“No,” Padma interrupts. “You deserve someone better than him!” She sits next to me again, holds my hands and say, “I’m so sorry, Gabrielle. I thought marriage would change him. This is my fault for trying to fix my flawed, narcissistic son...he’s so wrapped up in this materialistic culture...thinks the world owes him something that he neglects the people who love him. But he will never hurt you again.” She sucks in a breath and dabs her eyes. “Tyson is going to show you where you’ll be staying. I’ll take care of Dilvan.”





CHAPTER 11




Dilvan

- - -



Dilvan found his yellow Ferrari in long-term parking at the airport. On the evening drive home, he grimaced, remembering the things he’d done to Gabrielle. He didn’t know exactly what he’d do when he saw her, but one thing was for certain – he owed her an apology.

He also needed to confront his Mother immediately upon arriving. Instead of going to his home, he’d go straight to her house to find out why she’d kept the secret that Gabrielle was the donor who’d saved his Father’s life. As he saw it, the way he treated Gabrielle was his Mother’s fault. As usual, he’d pin the blame on someone else (because he could never do anything wrong) and he figured that since she kept it a secret, she would get the blame.

His heart pounded when he finally pulled up at his Mother’s house. He jumped out of his car, slammed the door so hard, he could’ve broken it. Instead of ringing the doorbell, he barged right in, heading straight for the library, which also doubled as Padma’s office. He could see her sitting there, on the phone, through the French door. Pushing the door open, he yelled, “Why didn’t you tell me, Mother!”

Padma frowned and told whomever she was talking to on the phone that she’d call them back. Then she looked up at Dilvan and asked calmly, “Why are you here? You’re supposed to be in California on a shoot.”

“Why didn’t you tell me about Gabrielle!”

Padma rose up from her seat. “I don’t know what your problem is, Dilvan Alexander, but you will not take that tone with me in my house.”

Dilvan ran his hand over his head. “Okay,” he said, lowering his voice. “Why didn’t you tell me about Gabrielle?”

“Tell you what about Gabrielle?”

“That she was the donor who saved Dad’s life. Why didn’t you tell me, Mother?”

“Because I had no reason to.”

Dilvan placed his hands on his head in complete frustration. “What do you mean you had no reason to? She’s my wife.”

“Oh, now she’s your wife.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“You’ve never claimed her as your wife before, My Lord,” Padma snapped. “You force yourself upon her, strangle her until bruises form on her neck and now, she’s your wife?”

A look of complete shock covered Dilvan’s face that his Mother knew all of this. He couldn’t say a word to defend himself.

“Do you know why I chose Gabrielle for you, son? I chose her because she was the exact opposite of you. She’s kind, she’s modest, she’s not obsessed with her looks, and she’s perhaps the most unselfish person I know. It was my hope that some of her traits would’ve rubbed off on you, but instead, you torture her. You hurt Gabrielle, an innocent woman that I love like she was my own daughter,” Padma said with tears falling from her eyes. “She’s the woman who saved your Father’s life and you treat her worse than a mangy dog! But guess what...she will not suffer at your hands again. She will not lose another baby because you want to have a temper tantrum.”

“What?”

“Yeah, you heard me. She just got out of the hospital after having a miscarriage and you know what the sad thing is...this is the second one.”

Dilvan thought back to Tuesday night when he’d pushed Gabrielle to the floor. He closed his eyes and shook his head.

“And you know why I didn’t tell you about her being the donor for your Father? I’ll tell you why...I didn’t want you to love her because of something she did for you...for our family. I wanted you to love her unconditionally regardless, but you were too stupid to see that you had the perfect woman at your fingertips and now she’s gone.”

“Gone?”

“Yeah, that’s right. I moved her out of that torture chamber you call a home, and she’s not coming back.”

Dilvan turned around and rushed out of his Mother’s home. He sat in his car, thought about all he’d learned from his Mother. Gabrielle had told her everything. Apparently his threats weren’t enough to keep her silent.

He struck the steering wheel out of frustration. His Mother said she’d moved Gabrielle out of his house, but had she really?

He started the engine and sped there, hoping he’d find her.





CHAPTER 12



Gabrielle

- - -



I walked in the house where I’d be staying until further notice, Tyson’s house, a waterfront property on Roanoke Island. His home was a good thirty-minute drive away from Southern Shores, which gave me a little comfort knowing I wasn’t close to Dilvan.

I slide out of my sandals and feel the cool, dark brown wooden floors underneath my feet. The house smells like a bakery, and from where I stand, I can see the island in the kitchen that’s truly the focal point in there.

The living room is decorated with an old, rustic flare. I can tell that Tyson has a like of vintage décor. In the living room, there’s also a light blue accent wall and old paint-chipped white shutters propped up next to wall. A wrought iron chair, that had also been painted white, matched the white sofa and coffee table. The diamond-shaped mirrors on the accent wall made the living room appear bigger than it actually was.

“Home, sweet, home,” Tyson says, stepping in behind me. “It’s not as fancy as what you were accustomed to at Dilvan’s place but—”

“I could care less about that. I just want to be somewhere where I can be comfortable, and I like the coziness of this place...seems like a nice place to unwind after a long day.”

“It is. So first things first, my dear,” he says, bringing his hands to a clap. “You don’t have to take your shoes off.”

“I don’t mind.”

“Okay...whatever you’re comfortable with.”

He lifts my suitcases and say, “Your bedroom is upstairs. You’ll pretty much have all of upstairs to yourself because I don’t go up there at all since the master is downstairs.”

“Okay.”

“So if you’ll follow me, I’ll show you to your room, little Lady.”

The stairs creak as we head up, and the banister is wobbly. Tyson warns me about them, tells me to be careful going up and down the stairs, especially at night. He said he hadn’t gotten around to fixing them since they weren’t a priority, but he’ll fix them sometime over the course of the next few days.

He pushed the door open to the room where I would be sleeping and my first impression was that it looked like something out of a magazine. Beige carpeting covered the floor. The walls were painted a lighter blue than the accent wall in the living room. White-framed pictures decorated the wall above the headboard. Pink curtains dressed the windows and cohesively matched the covers and pillows on the queen-sized bed. A sheer, white canopy hung from the ceiling and over the bed while mismatched, antique nightstands held matching lamps.

“Wow.” I say.

“Is that a good wow?”

“Yes. This is beautiful.”

“Glad you like it...I made a few changes to it when I knew you would be coming here. Um...the TV remote is on the nightstand.”

I look around, because before he mentioned a TV, I hadn’t seen one. When I looked to my left I saw a flat screen TV mounted to the wall. It was positioned across from the bed.

“When you step out of the room and turn left, the bathroom is the next door on the left.”

“Okay.”

“Get comfortable and maybe we can grab some dinner in a few.”

“Okay.”

After Tyson leaves the room, I sit on the bed for a moment, take a breath and try to settle my mind. It’s been a long day of gathering up my things, basically ending one chapter of my life and starting another, hopefully a better one. I haven’t had time to think about the fact that I actually left my husband today. Finally, my nightmare is over – at least for now. When Dilvan returned from his trip on Sunday, I knew he would be elated to see that I was finally gone.



* * *



Tyson said he knew of a place where we could have a nice dinner – a place he’d been to a thousand times – Ortega’z Southwestern Grill and Wine Bar. We’re sitting at a table after the waitress has brought us appetizers – El Ranchero cheese fries and crab baked mac ‘n’ cheese.

“How is it?” Tyson asks staring at my bowl of mac ‘n’ cheese.

“It’s good.” I push my bowl over to his side of the table. “Try it.”

He takes a stab at it with his fork and chews it deliberately, as if he’s trying to get a good, solid taste for the flavor of it. “This is good,” he says.

“Why don’t you take some more?”

“Nah...you go ahead. I got these fries to put down. You’re welcome to have some, by the way.”

I smile, and go back to eating my appetizer. The restaurant is busy on Saturday nights, I see. The patrons probably consist mostly of vacationers, seeking adventure by way of trying new restaurants. In a way, I feel like one of them because I’m not familiar with this side of town and I’m not used to being in public like this. Dilvan has never taken me out to a restaurant.

“Would you like some wine?”

“No, thanks.”

“I’m sorry...should’ve asked if you were old enough to drink.”

“Yes. I’m twenty-one.”

“So you don’t like wine, or...”

“I like it...just not in a wine type of mood tonight.”

“I got you.” Tyson takes a sip of water then asks, “Do you know what you’re ordering for dinner?”

“Um...not quite.”

“Do you eat shrimp?”

“Yes.”

“Then I have to recommend the shrimp and chorizo alfredo.”

“Then it’s settled,” I say, placing my menu over to the side and finishing this appetizer. I could go for another bowl of it.

The waitress comes by to get our empty appetizer dishes, then we order dinner. After she walks away, Tyson looks at me with an inquisitive smirk on his face.

“What?” I ask, breaking into a smile, nervously fiddling with my fingers because this is so out of character for me to have an engaging conversation with a man. The last in-depth conversation I had with a man was with Dilvan’s Father about how he always wanted to have a daughter, and in me, he’d found one.

“So you’re twenty-one, huh?”

“Yep.”

“I remember those days...”

“What do you mean? You look pretty young yourself.”

“Oh, you’re just being modest, my dear. Besides, you haven’t looked at me good enough to determine my age, like you’re afraid for some reason.”

I was afraid – well, not so much afraid as uncomfortable with the idea. I tried to glance up at him every now and then because he’d told me before to really look at him, but it’s still difficult to do so.

So again, I’m sitting here trying to force myself to do something that was engrained in me not to do. I look up at him, stare deep into his eyes for a moment before scanning his face, trying to determine his age. I watch his lips form into a smile, his white teeth showing from behind them.

“I would guess you to be about thirty.”

“Almost...I’m thirty-two.”

“Nice.”

The food arrives, and I quickly take a fork full of it to my mouth because this shrimp alfredo is a bunch of creamy goodness with the added flavor of the seafood.

“Good?” he asks me, as he watches me take a second, massive fork full of the stuff.

I nod and mumble, “Mmm hmm.”

We silently eat for the next five minutes or so. I glance up at him in this quiet period and he’s concentrating on his food like he’s been starving for days. He takes a napkin, wipes his mouth then picks up his glass of water to take a sip.

“So I wasn’t eavesdropping when you were talking to Padma at breakfast this morning, but I heard some of your conversation with her,” he says.

“It’s okay. I didn’t go in depth with you before about the things Dilvan had done to me because I was ashamed, and I didn’t know whether or not I could trust you.”

“You still feel that way?”

“Ashamed, or not knowing if I can trust you?”

“Both.”

“I feel like I can trust you now, and yes, I do feel embarrassed by the way I was treated by Dilvan. Has he always been this mean?”

“Nah...he used to be cool back in the day. I didn’t hang around him as much, only because of our age difference, but I’m good friends with his oldest brother, Heshan. I think, when Dilvan turned eighteen, he sorta lost it...I don’t know if he got with the wrong crowd or what...he’s always had a sense of entitlement...he knew his family had money and it went straight to his head. Then, instead of joining the family business as his brothers had done, he decided to become a model, which suits him because he’s vain...always been obsessed with his appearance.”

“Yeah. I guess that’s why he didn’t like me so much.”

“What do you mean?”

“He said I ugly.”

“Do you believe that?”

“That’s all I’ve heard for the last six months.”

“But do you believe it?”

I shrug. “I don’t know.” I say that because I really don’t know. When a person is told the same thing over and over again, even if they didn’t believe it before, eventually they start to feel like there’s some truth to it. And that’s the way I feel right now.

“I’m going to tell you what I think, and I’m telling you this, not so that you feel good about yourself because self-acceptance and esteem comes from within. I’m telling you this because it’s my opinion. I think you are beautiful, Gabrielle.”

That brings a smile to my face. “Thanks.”

“You’re welcome,” he responds, finishing his water and not taking his eyes off of me. “So I figured I can make us dessert at home.”

“Really?”

“Yeah. I’m a pastry chef...well, I know how to cook other things too, but I specialize in desserts.”

“Really?” I ask again, sounding like a broken record.

“Yes,” he says grinning. “Really.”

“And I thought you were Padma’s handyman...”

“No...you thought I was her clean-up guy,” he says then laughs.

I laugh to.

“Nah, I’m not her handyman. I help her out every now and then, but I’m a chef by profession. I cook all of the desserts for Padma’s Food House. Has she ever taken you there?”

“Yeah, once, but I didn’t eat. I was a volunteer waitress one weekend when Dilvan was away for a shoot, because otherwise, he wouldn’t let me go.”

“Well, you’re in for a treat. I’m going to make a dessert especially for you.”

“Mmm...I can’t wait.”





CHAPTER 13



Dilvan



- - -



Dilvan sat out on the front deck at his house, staring off into the darkness, listening as ocean waves crashed together. He hadn’t eaten any of the spread that Beatrice laid out because his appetite was just like his wife – gone.

What have I done?

He asked himself that same question over and over but didn’t answer it because what he had done, in hindsight, was too painful to think about.

Beatrice interrupted his thoughts when she came strolling out onto the deck. “Is there any thang I can do before you turn in?” she asked.

“No. Thanks, Beatrice.”

“If you don’t mind my nose in your business, Suh, I didn’t ‘spect you home ‘til Sunday night.”

“Yeah...had to come home early.”

“Well, I hope er’thang is okay.” Beatrice turned to walk away.

“Beatrice,” he called out, then turned to look at her.

She was instantly appalled by his bloodshot eyes and the overall look of despair on his face.

“Um...” he said, trying to find the right words to express what he was feeling. “I messed up, Beatrice. I messed up.”

Beatrice strolled over closer to him and took a seat. Never in her four years of working for him had she seen him so downcast. He looked like he was about to have a breakdown.

“Am I a bad person?” he asked her.

“Well, Suh...”

“Be honest with me, Beatrice.”

“I think you’re harsh wit’ certain peoples,” she told him. “You’ve always treated me kind, and I ‘preciate that, but you treat lil’ Mrs. Gabrielle like she has a plague. And she’s such a sweet girl.”

“She is a sweet girl,” he admitted.

“Don’t think I heard you correctly,” Beatrice said, sounding bewildered.

“I said she’s a sweet girl,” he repeated, covering his face with his hands. “Did you know what she did for my Father?”

“What do you mean?”

“You remember when my Father was sick?”

“Yes, when he needed the bone marrow and y’all boys were all rallying fuh matching donors. I ‘member that.”

Dilvan nodded. “Gabrielle was a match,” Dilvan said, swallowing hard. He dared not cry. “My Father is alive because of her, and I hurt her. I hurt her, Beatrice, because I was upset with my Mother and I took it out on Gabrielle when all she ever tried to do was love me.” Dilvan’s face turned a shade of red. He hid his face in shame, then stood up, walked down the stairs, out onto the dark beach.





CHAPTER 14




Gabrielle



- - -



“Have you ever tried tiramisu?” Tyson asks as he opens the fridge and takes out a container.

“No.”

“Have a seat,” he says, gesturing towards one of the four white barstools that lines the opposite side of the island he’s working from. The kitchen has an eclectic, industrial type feel – the biggest room in the house – with stainless steel appliances, a double oven, and a French door refrigerator with thru-the-door ice and water. The island countertop, as well as all the other countertops in the kitchen, is lime green quartz. Charcoal-colored tiles cover the floor, which works well with the lime green, white and silver colors of the kitchen.

I sit down and watch him tie on a white apron.

“I made these lady fingers a few days ago, but instead of making them like rolls, I made them in cupcake form. I like to serve tiramisu in little glass dishes.”

“And how do you make lady whatcha-ma-call-its?”

He looks at me and smiles. “Lady fingers.”

“You know what...nevermind. You must get tired of talking about food.”

“No, not at all. I’m actually surprised you’re curious. Most people don’t care about the process, as long as they get the finished product.”

“Well, I can cook a little, but I’m not good with making dessert, so I’m very intrigued by this.”

“Cool. So, um...to make the lady whatcha-ma-call-its,” he says, then winks at me, “All you do is mix eggs, white sugar, all-purpose flour and baking soda. Of course they would be measured out appropriately, depending on how much tiramisu you’re making.”

“Right.”

“It bakes for eight minutes, and it’s done. I soaked them in espresso and rum and now that they’re no longer soggy, I’m going to layer them between mascarpone cream.”

He pops the lid off of the container he took from the refrigerator and says, “Taste.”

“Huh?”

“Taste it. Dip your finger in it.”

“What is it?”

“Just taste it, sweetie.”

I cautiously push the tip of my index finger into the mixture and he watches as I lick it from my finger. “This is good. What is it?”

“Mascarpone cream, made of mascarpone cheese, heavy cream, sugar and egg yolk. So what I’ll do with this is layer it between the lady fingers.”

I watch him work and once he’s assembled the dessert, he sprinkles on cocoa and chocolate shavings.

“And voilà. This is Gabrielle’s tasty tiramisu.”

He brings a dessert dish around to me with a spoon. Sitting at the barstool next to me, he says, “Dig in.”

“Where’s your spoon? I know you don’t expect me to eat all of this by myself after you’ve done all the hard work?”

“Okay. I’ll get a spoon.”

Tyson stands, takes off his apron and grabs a spoon. He’s back, sitting next to me and we take a spoonful of dessert at precisely the same time, tasting it.

“Mmm...this is very good, Tyson.”

“Glad you like it.”

As we continue eating, I give the kitchen another once over. He has just about every kitchen appliance any chef would dream of.

“So tell me a little more about yourself, Tyson.”

He grins.

“What?” I ask him.

“You know plenty about me...you know I’m a chef...that I’m your husband’s first cousin and...”

“I mean personally...like you pretty much know all about my personal business with Dilvan and all. So what about you? Is there someone special in your life?”

He gives me an inquisitive glare that almost transforms into a frown.

“What?” I ask.

“The way you phrased your question makes it sound like Dilvan was special to you.”

“No...that’s not how I meant it. I...I was just trying to ask you if you were involved with anyone.”

“No. I’m not. Now you would like know why, right?”

I don’t answer him, but still, he says, “I was in love with a woman about five years ago. We were engaged, actually, but she got a job offer in Chicago and I owned my own restaurant in Atlanta and wasn’t willing to pick up my entire life and go to Chicago. So we split up, and now she’s happily married with two small kids, still living in Chicago and I’m here.”

“Why didn’t you go with her?”

“It didn’t feel right.”

“But you ended up moving from Atlanta anyway to the Outer Banks, so you could’ve just moved with her.”

“Nah. Besides, we’d gotten into a huge fight...she said I wasn’t supporting her dreams as much as she supported mine and one day I came home from work and she was gone.”

“Just like that?”

He nodded. “Yep. Just like that.”

“So how do you know she’s married with kids?”

“I hear things, you know...but I have no hard feelings. I know I did the right thing. Sometimes you have to listen to your mind and not your heart.”

“Trust me, I know that all too well.”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, I didn’t say anything before, because I didn’t want you or Padma to look at me like I was foolish, but I actually didn’t want to leave Dilvan’s house. I mean, in my mind, I have this image of what Dilvan and I could’ve been if he was a sane individual,” I say with a chuckle. “And even when I knew it was time to go, my heart still wanted him to love me.”

“I don’t think that’s foolish at all. My sister went through something similar with her ex...boy could she tell you some stories.”

“Maybe I’ll get a chance to meet her one day.”

“Maybe.”

I take another spoonful of tiramisu, savor it because it’s my last and then lay the spoon on the table. “Tyson, do you have a home phone?” I ask him, because I want to call my Father and talk to my sisters before I go to bed.

“Nah, I don’t have a home phone, but you can use my cell.”

“Okay.”

“You don’t have a cell phone?” he inquires.

“No. Dilvan didn’t allow me to have one.”

Tyson shakes his head. “So how were you able to contact your family?”

“Whenever I would go to Padma’s house, I secretly called them from there.”

Tyson takes his cell phone from the countertop and says, “Here you go, dear. Use it whenever you want.”

He stands, stretches his muscular arms high up in the air and says, “I’m going to go take a shower.”

“Okay. I’m going to call my Father. Hopefully he’s still up. I’ll leave your phone on the counter.”

“Okay, Bri,” he says, then began walking towards his bedroom.

“What did you call me?” I ask. It sounds like he called me the ‘bri’ in Gabrielle, but I’m not certain if that’s what he said.

He turns around and has a sly smile on his face. “Bri...I’ve decided to give you a nickname because Gabrielle is way too long.”

I laugh. “Seriously? It’s only three syllables.”

“Yeah, but still...”

“And nobody else calls me Bri. People call me Gabby for short.”

“I considered that, but Gabby sounds like a nickname for a person who talks entirely too much and that’s not you. Bri fits better.”

With that, he heads to his room.

I stay in the kitchen, dialing my Father’s number into Tyson’s cell phone, listening to it ringing. I glance at the clock on the wall and it’s 11:32 p.m. I’m wondering if he won’t answer because he doesn’t recognize this number.

“Hello.”

“Hi Dad.”

“Gabrielle?”

“Yeah, it’s me. How are you?”

“I’m doing good. How are you? I was getting worried...haven’t heard from you in a while.”

“I’m okay,” I say. I decide not to tell him about my split with Dilvan. That’s for another time. Right now, I’m just glad to hear his voice. “How’s Destiny and Carmen? I know they’re probably sleeping.”

“Yeah, they are. They’re both doing well. When do you think you’ll be back for a visit?”

“I’m going to try to make it there soon, Dad. I’m trying to get on my feet over here.”

“What do you mean?”

“Oh, um...” Ugh, I cannot believe I let that slip. It always seem like every time I try to hide something, I inadvertently let something slip. So I say, “It’s nothing...just have a few items with work that’s been keeping me occupied.”

“Work? You have a job now?”

Ugh!

“No...well...yes...the charity work I help Padma with.”

“How’s Padma doing?”

“She’s good. She makes sure I have everything I need.”

“And how’s my son-in-law?”

I roll my eyes. “Dilvan? Oh, um...he’s fine.”

“Make sure you bring Dilvan with you when you come. I want to meet him face-to-face at least once.”

“Okay,” I respond. No one in my family has never met Dilvan and I plan on keeping it that way. “Well, Dad, listen, I have to go but give Destiny and Carmen a hug and kiss for me.”

“Okay. Love you, honey.”

“Love you too, Dad. Bye.”

I blow an agitating breath while placing Tyson’s cell phone back on the counter. I cover my face with my hands, trying to determine when I would be able to visit the family again, as well as feeling a bout of anxiety about having to tell Dad about Dilvan.

I get up to get a bottle of water from the refrigerator before I head upstairs and get ready for bed.



* * *



It’s a little after midnight when I’m finally lying down. The bed is a peaceful oasis. From it, I get the sensation of how it must feel to sleep on a cloud. The room is cozy, warm and inviting. I leave the curtains open, allowing a little bit of light in to illuminate the space. Then I close my eyes and know I can rest because Dilvan Alexander is not here to sneak into my room, snatch covers off of the bed or do anything else to harass me.

Somehow, though, I don’t feel sleepy. Maybe it’s because I’m in a new environment, a new room with a different layout. I’m not sure what it is. At any rate, I flip on the TV and find the Travel Channel just to pass the time. It works, because fifteen minutes of watching it, I began to doze off, that is until I hear the stairs creaking.

My body tenses up tight, because I have flashbacks of the floors creaking when Dilvan made late night visits to my bedroom. And now, Tyson was coming up the stairs. What did he want?

After two taps on my door, he says, “Bri, you still up?”

After a long pause, I say, “Yes.”

“May I come in?”

I pause again. I don’t want him to come in. I feel comfortable with Tyson, but I wouldn’t feel comfortable in the same bedroom with him. And I have on my night gown...

“Never mind,” he says. “I just wanted to tell you to have a good night...oh, and if you weren’t up, I was going to turn off your TV.”

“I’ll turn it off.”

“No...if you’re watching it, it’s fine. I was just...um...you know what...have a good night, Bri. See you in the morning.”

“Goodnight,” I tell him, then I hear his footsteps descend the stairs.





CHAPTER 15




Tyson



- - -



Tyson got up early the next morning. He couldn’t sleep well. He wasn’t accustomed to anyone being in his home besides him, and something about having estrogen flowing through the house excited him. He hadn’t had a serious relationship in years and just the thought of having female interaction was a nice change of pace, especially when the woman was Gabrielle.

She was young, respectful, as sweet as they came. He hadn’t understood why Dilvan, his idiot cousin would treat her so badly. She was beautiful. He meant it when he told her that at dinner last night. She was pretty, and he could name plenty he found enchanting about her.

She was one of those natural sisters, had thick, black, cottony hair, bundled up into a bun. The natural hair made her look authentic and real. Truth be told, it looked a lot better than the weaves and wigs he was accustomed to seeing on women.

Gabrielle had smooth, milk chocolate, blemish-free skin. She didn’t need to pile on loads of makeup to look beautiful or hide flaws because she had none – none that were physical, anyway. Her eyes were bright and dark brown. Beautiful, perfectly curled eyelashes decorated her eyes. Her nose was small and dainty, lips plump and full. She had a smile that could transform darkness into light. And then there was her body – he saw her naked only because of the way Dilvan had left her on the floor in the bathroom that morning, but from what Tyson could see, she had a tiny waist, full breasts and a shapely bottom. Nothing about her repulsed him. Not one thing.

The only drawback he had about her was her mental state and her age. Dilvan had damaged her. He knew that for sure because she hadn’t liked making eye contact when speaking to him. And even after they spent the day together yesterday, she felt leery about inviting him in her room last night, as if he would harm her somehow.

She was also young, twenty-one, inexperienced and just really starting to live on her own. He preferred older, mature women who had life experiences and knew what she wanted out of life. Tyson could admit he liked Gabrielle, just from the little time he’d known her, but he would do what Padma wanted him to – help Gabrielle get back on her feet. He’d be her friend, confidant, whatever she needed him to be and he’d make sure Dilvan never hurt her again.



* * *



While she was still sleeping, he made breakfast pastries – sausage, eggs, bacon, cheese, ham and veggies – all baked in a pastry and smothered with country gravy. He’d also taken the time to make a fruit salad with strawberries, peaches and mangoes.

He then took some plates from the cabinet and placed them on the island, in front of the barstools where they’d sat last night. Then he waited...

Gabrielle was up pretty late the night before, so he wasn’t sure what time she’d come down for breakfast. His house was small, so he’d hear her upstairs if she was out of bed. Since he hadn’t heard anything, he knew she was still sleeping.

After pouring a cup of coffee, he took his cell phone from the table and called Padma. He hadn’t spoken with her in a couple of days and he needed to check in with her about the desserts for the restaurant and to give an update on Gabrielle.

“Hi, Tyson. I meant to call you yesterday, but I was so busy with the foundation.”

“I know how busy you are, Padma. You don’t have to explain that to me.”

“How’s my girl?” Padma inquired.

A smile touched his lips. “She’s doing well now that she’s Dilvan-free.”

Padma sighed. “Speaking of Dilvan...he came home early.”

“Why? His shoot got canceled?”

“No. Somehow, he found out that Gabrielle was your uncle’s bone marrow donor.”

Tyson snapped his head back. “She was?”

“Yes.”

“Hmm,” he responded, while thinking about the selflessness of her to do something so honorable for his uncle. “I didn’t know that.”

“Hardly anyone knew. I wanted to keep it that way, and I especially didn’t want Dilvan to know.”

“Why not?”

“Well, I didn’t want him to develop an affection for Gabrielle because of it, you know. I wanted him to fall in love with her because he realized how good of a woman she was to him. But he treated her so poorly.”

“So the only reason Dilvan came back early was to ask you specifically about the transplant?”

“Yes, and he called himself confronting me because I didn’t tell him about what Gabrielle had done, and Tyson, you know I’m pretty calm, but I let him have it.”

“I don’t understand why he would be so angry.”

“I’ll tell you why. He’s trying to blame me for the way he treated Gabrielle...if he knew about the transplant, he would’ve treated her with more compassion.”

Tyson shook his head. “That doesn’t make any sense.”

“That’s what I told him.”

“So he’s supposed to be remorseful now?”

“According to Beatrice he is. She said he’s been less talkative and is very withdrawn.”

Tyson rubbed his mustache. If Dilvan wanted to apologize to Gabrielle, he didn’t see the harm in it, but he would be present, just in case Dilvan tried to do anything to her.

“What’s on your mind, Tyson?”

“Well, I’m wondering if allowing him to apologize to her would help her move forward.”

“Honestly, I don’t want her near him. My son needs to be taught a lesson, and while I hate what he did to Gabrielle, at least now he sees how his attitude and treatment of people can backfire in his face. Just because you have money doesn’t mean you walk around with your nose up in the air. I mean, look at you...you own a chain of restaurants and you treat people with respect. That’s what I’ve always admired about you, Tyson. Your millions have never changed you. You’re modest, live in that cute little house when you could live in a mansion if you chose to do so. You help me out at the restaurant; devoting your time to cook desserts that you fund with your own money. If only Dilvan could be more like you...”

“Maybe he’ll change. He’s still young...still don’t know what he wants out of life. All I know is, I won’t let him hurt Gabrielle.”

“You two have been getting along well, I take it.”

Tyson took a sip of coffee. “Yeah. She’s a remarkable young woman. I’ve only spent a few days with her and I realize that. Dilvan is a fool to not have seen what he had in her.”

“You’re right about that. Anyway, I don’t want to keep you too much longer.”

“Wait, before you go, how are you on desserts at the restaurant?”

“If I had to guess, I’ll say we’ll be good until Monday.”

“Okay. I’ll be there Monday morning to make another fresh batch of pastries.”

“Sounds good, Tyson. I’ll see you on Monday, then.”

“Okay.”

Tyson set his phone back on the table, then walked to the living room and stood at the bottom of the staircase, listening for noise upstairs. He heard the creaking of the floor and smiled. He was sure Gabrielle would be down any minute now.

To pass the time, he took his laptop to the kitchen, sipped on coffee and placed food orders for his chain of restaurants. He hadn’t delegated this process to any of the restaurant managers because he liked to maintain a level of control as well as a hand in his business. Whenever a certain item of food was low, he’d get automatic notifications through use of the high-tech inventory system he purchased. Then, he’d make the weekly orders for each of the twenty-two restaurants.

“Good morning,” Gabrielle said, startling him.

He immediately turned around, saw her standing there in a pink blouse and white shorts. He’d been so engrossed in the ordering process, he hadn’t heard her come downstairs.

“I didn’t scare you, did I?”

He grinned. “No. I was so busy playing around on my laptop that you were able to sneak up on me.” He folded his laptop shut. “Anyway, come on in and have a seat. I made breakfast.”

“Okay.” Gabrielle got comfortable on a barstool, then yawned.

“Still tired?” Tyson inquired. Then he glanced at the clock. It was almost 11:00 a.m.

“A lil’ bit.”

“Not having trouble sleeping, are you?”

“I think it’s just because I’m in a strange environment.”

Tyson grinned. “What’s so strange about my house?”

“You know what I mean,” Gabrielle responded with a smile on her face.

“Hey, do you drink coffee?”

“No...never tried coffee. My Father didn’t drink coffee and he never let us drink it either.”

“So what is your morning beverage of choice? I have cranberry juice, apple juice, V8 and there’s always water.”

“Water is fine.”

She watched Tyson take a tall glass, walk over to the refrigerator and hold the glass under the ice dispenser. Then he filled it with water and walked towards her with the glass and a plate of food.

“Here you go. Let me grab your fruit bowl.”

He quickly walked back over to the counter, took a bowl of fruit and placed it in front of her. After gathering his food, he sat down next to her.

“Oh, I thought you might’ve eaten by now,” Gabrielle told him.

“Nah...I wanted to wait for you...I enjoy our stimulating conversation over meals.”

That brought a smile to her face.

“So what’s under the gravy?” she inquired.

“Taste and see.”

Gabrielle broke off a chunk of the pastry with her fork and after rolling it around in the gravy, she tasted it.

Tyson watched her chew. His aphorism as a pastry chef was to use food to seduce the palate and he was a great seducer. His tasty pastries were featured in Food Network Magazine and Bon Appétit. Many celebrities visited his restaurants all around the country to try his famous recipes.

“Wow...that’s heavenly,” she told him with a watering mouth. “Oh my goodness.” She held her hand in front of her mouth as she spoke.

“That good, huh?”

“Mmm,” she mumbled. “Yes. What is it?”

“What did you taste?”

“Um...eggs, bacon, some vegetables...”

“Yep, and a few other meats and some cheese. I baked it in a pastry, then made this country gravy to top it off.”

“Delicious,” she commented, right before taking another fork full to her mouth.

He began eating as well. “So, I spoke to Padma this morning.”

“Oh yeah?”

“Yeah. She told me Dilvan was back.”

Gabrielle frowned and dropped her fork in her plate. “Back? He wasn’t supposed to come back until Sunday.”

“I know, but he came back early.”

Tyson watched her instantly withdraw as if the thought of Dilvan being here again brought fear to her heart.

“Why...why is he back so early?”

“Well, apparently, he found out about the good deed you did for his Father.”

Gabrielle covered her mouth. “Oh my gosh! I told Padma not to tell him.”

“Why would you tell her not to tell him?”

Gabrielle shook her head. “I can’t believe this.”

“Gabrielle?” Tyson said, to get her attention before she lost it. “Talk to me.”

She sighed. “I didn’t want Dilvan to know because I just knew that if he found out, he’d hate his Father as much as he hates me.”

“I’m not following you, Bri.”

Gabrielle blew a breath. “It took a part of me to save his Father’s life, so as much as Dilvan despises me, I thought that, if he found out I was the donor, he’d begin to hate his Father just as much.”

“No...actually, it’s having the opposite effect. According to Beatrice, he’s been beating himself up over the way he’s been treating you after finding out what you did for his Father...my uncle.”

“I don’t believe that.”

“Well, that’s what Padma told me this morning.”

Gabrielle sighed. “I can’t believe she told him.”

“She didn’t...she didn’t tell me how Dilvan found out about it, but I’m certain she wasn’t the source.”

Tyson took a sip of coffee. “Let me ask you...would you be willing to have a sit-down with him?”

“No,” Gabrielle responded quickly, her hands trembling.

Tyson saw her hand shaking and touched her arm. “I won’t let him hurt you.”

“I don’t want to talk to him, Tyson.”

“I’m not going to force you to, Bri. I just think it’s an integral part of your healing process. Just think about it, and shall you decide you want to, I’ll be right there. Just let me know when and where. Can you do that?”

“Yes. I’ll do that.”

“Perfect. Now, let’s finish breakfast...have to take you phone shopping today.”

“Phone shopping?” she questioned, looking him in the eyes.

“Yes. You need a cell phone, right?”

“Yes,” she said, sheepishly.

“Then I’m taking you phone shopping, dear,” he said, holding her gaze and biting into a juicy slice of mango.





CHAPTER 16



Gabrielle



- - -



I’m standing next to Tyson at a Verizon Wireless retail store, listening to him discuss phone options with the sales associate. In addition to buying a phone for me, he’s upgrading his phone. I quietly observe him as he looks over different phone plans and get an understanding of what unlimited calling really means. He’s a master of negotiating and I think to myself how well-rounded he is. He makes the Dilvans of the world look like spoiled little boys. Tyson’s a man, a true gentleman.

Before today, I hadn’t paid much attention to his physicalities...didn’t even realize he was so much taller than me, but today, I see it clearly. He has on a well-fitted black shirt that shows off the ripples of his muscles, with a pair of plaid shorts in varying colors – black, white, green and royal blue. A pair of loafers completes his beachy outfit.

His legs, I notice, are not shaven smoothly like Dilvan’s. There’s hair on them as well as his arms. Nice, I ponder as I think about how a man should have hair on his body. A woman’s body is supposed to be silky smooth, not a man’s. A man, a real one, needs a little scruff to give him that rugged edge of masculinity. Call me old-fashioned, but there’s nothing masculine about a man running to a salon to get his body waxed once a month. Nothing at all.

I smile to myself thinking about this, about how little I know about men, but how much I know about them to know what I like and what I don’t like. Dilvan has taught me most of that. Keeping it simple, my ideal man would be a man who was the opposite of everything Dilvan was or stood for, and a perfect example of that man is standing right beside me.

“Bri, do you want the white Samsung?”

I’m in awe...

I hear words come forth from his mouth, but I’m in a trance, staring at his lips while wondering why Padma didn’t set me up with a man like Tyson. He was one of those men that women dreamed about...the type of man who knew he could have any woman he wanted but didn’t go after women for selfish reasons. He wanted a woman because he found her interesting and intriguing. The attraction would come later.

“Bri?” he says.

I snap out of my trance. “Um...sorry...did you say something?”

A beautiful smile grows on his face. “You good?” he asks me.

“Yeah...I just didn’t hear you.”

“You didn’t, ‘cause you were looking right at me.”

Busted. He caught me gawking.

“I know. My mind was somewhere else.”

After sending a playful squint my way, he says, “Do you want the white Samsung?”

“How much is it?”

“Don’t worry about the cost. Do you want it?”

“Yeah,” I answer with raised eyebrows. “It’s nice.”

“Okay,” he tells me. Then he informs the associate that we’ll take two of them.



* * *



When we leave there, he drives me over to Padma’s house. I’m meeting with her today to discuss the garden. I need to know how often she needed me to work there and I’m sure she wanted to catch up on other things as well.

When Tyson pulls up at her house, he looks at me, wearing a pair of black shades that are so dark, I can’t see his eyes. He says, “Dilvan doesn’t know you’re going to be here, correct?”

“Correct. If he does happen to show up, I’m sure Padma won’t let him in anyway so I’m not too worried about that.”

“Well, I’ve already programmed my number in your phone. If he does come over, call me.”

“Okay.”

He slides his glasses from his face and says, “I’m serious, Bri. If you feel threatened in any way, call me.”

“Okay. I will.”

“What time should I pick you up?”

“I’m not sure. I can probably get Padma to drop me off, so you don’t have to take the half-hour drive back over here.”

“I don’t mind it.”

“I know, but if I can get her to drop me off, then it’ll give you time to do other things.”

“Well, either way it goes, I’ll check in on you a little later.”

I open the door to get out of his jeep and once Padma comes to the front door to let me in, he drives away.

“Hello, dear,” Padma greets me.

I’m always happy to see her. “Hi.”

“I figured we can sit out on the deck. I have some tea and finger foods ready.”

I follow her to the beautifully decorated deck that is built high enough off the ground to provide a magnificent view of the ocean waters. The day is perfect – not too hot like it’s been the last few days. There’s a nice breeze brewing. A storm is passing through later on tonight.

“So, how’s Tyson been treating you?”

The sound of his name sends a smile to my face. I try to brush it off before she sees how much I’m blushing and say, “He’s treating me very well. He’s one of the good ones.”

“Yes he is...wish I can say that about my own son.” Padma giggles a bit then whips out the thick planner that she carries everywhere she goes. It’s just as important as her cell phone. She proceeds to tell me that she’s looked at several properties for the garden and they are all further inland, away from the ocean.

“So what exactly will I be doing?” I ask her.

“I’m going to have a group of middle school students helping with the project. There will be about eight of them. I basically need to you coordinate things for them to do. Like, for instance, you can schedule them to do weeding one day, watering, planting...whatever needs to be done to maintain the garden.”

“Cool. That sounds awesome. I’ve always wanted to work with kids.”

“Then here’s your chance. Oh, and since you’re no longer with my son, I’ve added you to the payroll.”

“Really, Padma?”

“Yes. You have to support yourself, dear. Now, I’m starting you off at eight hundred a week.”

My eyes grow huge. Did she really say eight hundred? Per week? “How many days will I be working?”

“Two, sometimes three.”

“Jeez, Padma. That’s far too generous.”

“Oh, nonsense. You always find ways to help me, even if it’s volunteering at the restaurant for a few hours. I appreciate everything you do.”

“Well, thank you very much,” I say, then hear my phone beeping. I pull it out of my purse and see a text message from Tyson: Tyson: u good?

I smile, then reply: Gabrielle: yes “Sorry,” I say, looking up at Padma. “Trying to get used to this phone.”

“Oh, you have a phone now?”

“Yes, and I need to give you my number.”

She picks up a pen and scribbles my digits on the inside flap of her planner. “Go ahead and dig into these goodies,” she says, gesturing at the food on the table.

I take a stuffed jalapeno pepper and bite a little piece of it. Then I try the string hoppers and cashews.

“I don’t know if Tyson told you or not, but Dilvan came back early,” Padma says.

“Yeah. He told me.”

“Dilvan somehow found out about the bone marrow donation—”

“But how did he find out?”

“I don’t know. Apparently, he’d called his Father to see if it was true or not. Then he left Santa Monica and came here. From what I gather, he didn’t even do the shoot. He was so intent on confronting me.”

“Confronting you?”

She nods. “Dilvan has never been one to take responsibility for his actions. He wanted to blame me for the way he mistreated you. Apparently, had I told him about the transplant, he would’ve treated you with the respect you deserve...that’s what he was trying to tell me.”

“That doesn’t make much sense. Why not just treat me with respect anyway?”

“Exactly, dear. That’s what I need to get through his thick skull.”

My cell phone beeps again. I pick it up from the table and see another text message from Tyson: Tyson: hey, for dinner, which would you prefer...Greek shrimp and couscous or pecan-crusted trout with succotash-stuffed Roma tomatoes?

A frown comes to my forehead. What the heck is couscous? My frown quickly turns into a smile, though, when I glance at my watch. It’s just after one in the afternoon and he’s already thinking about dinner. With me. Or maybe he meant to send the text to someone else? Hmm...I wonder...

Gabrielle: did you mean to send me that?

I send him that response and wait.

“Has Tyson cooked for you yet?” Padma asks.

“Yes. He made a breakfast pastry this morning that had my mouth watering even after I finished it.”

Padma chuckles.

“And he made tiramisu?”

Her mouth stretches open wide. Her eyes are even wider. “He did! Ooh, I’m gonna get him.”

I laugh at her. “Why?”

“I’ve been trying to get that man to make me some tiramisu for the longest...he told me he only makes it for special occasions.”

“Nah, I think he was experimenting with something and he just so happened to have some partially prepared.”

My phone beeps again. I know it’s Tyson’s response, so I pick it up immediately to read his text: Tyson: of course, Bri.

I smile again and can feel myself turning red in the face.

“Who are you smiling at over there, young lady?” Padma says with an inquisitive look on her face.

“It’s nothing. Tyson was just texting me to see what I wanted for dinner.”

“Well you tell Mr. Tyson I got a bone to pick with him,” she quips.

“I’ll tell him.”

“I have to have some of his tiramisu, and I want some of that pecan-crusted trout he cooked for Prasad’s anniversary dinner. Prasad couldn’t stop talking about it.”

And now I know what I want for dinner...

Gabrielle: well, in that case, the second option sounds tasty.

Tyson: perfect...at the market now...call me if you need a ride home.

Gabrielle: k “So how are you planning on moving forward with Dilvan?” Padma asks.

“I’m not sure. It’s just too much to think about right now.”

“Are you certain that it’s over?”

“I didn’t want it to be over. I just wanted him to not treat me the way he did. But after two miscarriages and being humiliated, I can’t...” I shake my head. “I don’t know.”

Padma sighs. “I hate for you to do this, but maybe you need to sit down and talk to him. Either way you look at it, you’re going to have to do that...whether it’s for reconciliation or divorce.”

“I know. I just don’t want to be alone with him.”

“You won’t be. Tyson has already said he’d be happy to sit down with you two.”

“Yeah...he told me.” I feel nervous just talking to Padma about the possibility of sitting down and having a talk with Dilvan. I don’t want to feel the way Dilvan has made me feel for the past six months. That feeling scares me...transforms me into a scared little girl. “So do you think he’s remorseful?”

“Who? Dilvan?”

“Yes.”

Padma sighs. “I don’t know, dear. He was upset, yes. He told Beatrice he made a mistake with you...”

I shake my head and cover my eyes, hiding tears behind my hands. “I just don’t know what I did to deserve the way he treated me and I honestly don’t think I could ever step a foot back into that house.”

Padma gets up from her seat and sits in the one that’s closest to me. She throws an arm around me and says, “I know, honey. Don’t even concern yourself with it right now. You don’t have to talk to him tomorrow, next week, not even next month. You deal with it on your own time and terms. You’re the one who was wronged.”

I nod. “Okay.”

“Now let’s go have some fun. I need a new pair of shoes and I haven’t had time to go shopping in months. You want to come with me? I can drop you back off at Tyson’s place when we leave.”

“Okay. That sounds good.”





CHAPTER 17



Tyson



- - -



Tyson wiped his hands with a kitchen towel when he heard the doorbell. Jogging to the front door, he opened it and said, “Hey, you.”

Gabrielle glanced at her watch. “See. Told you I’d be here by six, and there’s three minutes to spare.”

Tyson waved at Padma as she drove away. “Yeah. You made it,” he acknowledged, taking bags from her hand and set them on the living room table. “I see you brought the mall home.”

“Yeah. Padma wanted to go shopping....bought some summer dresses for myself and a few other things.”

“Cool.”

“Smells good in here.”

“Yep...the food has been prepared, my dear, and now that you’re here, we can eat.”

“Okay. Let me run these bags upstairs. Be right back.”

Tyson walked back to the kitchen, taking their plates to the dining room table where he’d already had the silverware laid out. He grabbed two wine glasses and a bottle of Chardonnay.

When he heard Gabrielle coming downstairs, he waited before sitting, allowing her to sit first, then he took a seat.

“So...” he said, looking at her while she eyed everything on her plate. “Dig in.”

“It all looks so good. I don’t know where to start.”

Tyson popped the cork on the wine bottle, poured then both a little and studied Gabrielle as she tried a sampling of the fish. He watched her eyes light up the same way it did when she tried the breakfast pastry he made this morning.

“Good?”

She nodded. “Excellent. Now I know why Padma wants some so badly.”

“Wait...you told her I was cooking this?” he asked, unable to remove the smile from his face.

“No. Around the same time you sent me the text, asking which meal I wanted, she was telling me how she wanted some of your pecan-crusted trout. That’s the reason I chose this meal...she said you cooked some for Prasad’s anniversary or something.”

“Yeah. I did...he and his wife celebrated three years of marriage last February, so I cooked a private dinner for them.”

“That was nice.”

Tyson was quiet for a few moments more, watching her eat and eating his own food. He took a sip of wine while, at the same time, watching her take a sip. He primarily took notice of the way her lips made contact with the glass. She was delicate in her movements, a true woman – not loud, boisterous, trying to display fierceness and independence like most women in society. She was just a woman. A lovely, young woman.

Tyson wiped his mouth with a cloth napkin. “So what else did you and Padma talk about?”

“Um...she wants me to work with a group of students for the community garden project, which I’m looking forward to. She said she was going to pay me...said that since I’m on my own, I have to support myself now.”

“That was nice of her.”

“Yep. Oh, and before I forget, I have to warn you...I made the mistake of telling her that you made tiramisu.”

“Oh, no.” Tyson laughed. “She’s going to kill me for sure.”

“She sure is,” Gabrielle responded. “Why won’t you make some for her?”

“Because I only make it on special occasions.”

“When you made it for me...well, for us, it wasn’t a special occasion.”

“It was...we were celebrating your independence from your abuser.”

Tyson watched the downcast look take over her face.

“Speaking of Dilvan,” she said, “I think I will have to face him eventually.”

“Why you say that? You were unsure this morning.”

“Because after speaking with Padma about it, I realize I still may have feelings for him.”

“Oh...” Tyson said, trying to conceal the frown in his forehead. How could she have feelings for a man who’d treated her so badly? Who’d stripped her of her dignity?

“And it’s not the feeling of missing him and wanting to be with him again. It’s the feeling of loss...of what we could’ve had. I keep thinking about how our life would be if he was good to me...we’d be happily married with two children. Instead I’m just a damaged, childless woman with no desire to ever be attached to a man again.”

Tyson cleared his throat by washing his food down with a long swig of wine. “You cannot keep dwelling on the past, Bri, or you’ll never see the present for what it is. Right now, we’re sitting here sharing a meal and you’re living in darkness. Look around, baby...this is not Dilvan Alexander’s house. This is Tyson Alexander’s home.”

Gabrielle smiled. “You’re right, Tyson.”

“Perfect. Now let me get dessert.”





CHAPTER 18




Gabrielle



- - -



Tyson gets up from the table to collect our plates. When he reaches in front of me to take my plate, I get a whiff of his mesmerizing cologne and his overall smell. He smells like a man – his scent reminds me of a rich, orangey, woodsy smell, mixed with shave cream or body wash. I’m truly spellbound.

“So, you ready for dessert, my lady?”

I snap out of my trance and look towards him. He’s heading back this way with dessert and two small plates. After he sets the plates on the table, he says, “I know you’re going to ask, so I’ll tell you what this is...puff pastries, filled with vanilla pudding, homemade of course, and topped with mixed berries.”

“Sounds delicious,” I say, then help myself to one of the pastries. Holding it like a cupcake, I take a big bite. Again, he’s made another delectable dessert. “Gosh...everything you make is a masterpiece.”

I watch him smile and finish his pastry in one huge mouthful. He has a healthy appetite and I realize he loves eating just as much as he loves cooking. After he finishes chewing, he says, “Thank you,” and smiles again.

How did I miss his gorgeous dimple before? It makes him even more adorable. “No...thank you for cooking this fabulous dinner.”

“You’re welcome as always.”

While I finish my first pastry dessert, he starts on another one, consuming it greedily, then smiles at me again.

“So I’ve been thinking,” he says. “After everything you’ve been through with my cousin, you need an outlet, you know, something to take your mind off of things.”

“Well, I’m going to be working soon, so—”

“No, not work...something you enjoy...something that relieves stress.”

I think about it for a moment and when I can’t come up with anything, I ask, “What’s your outlet? Cooking?”

“No. Cooking is my hobby and how I make a living.”

“Then what’s your outlet?”

“Every morning at 4:00 a.m., I get up to walk and jog on the beach.”

“Really?” I ask. Now I know how he stays so fit.

“Yes. It gives me time to think, to enjoy nature...to realize there’s something out there greater than me...helps me understand my purpose.”

“Maybe I should try that. Since you go at 4:00 a.m., I’ll wait until you get back and go around seven-ish.”

“Or you could just come with me.”

“Oh, no...I can’t interfere with your one-on-one time with nature.”

“You won’t. Come with me...tomorrow morning. We’ll run together.”

I’m reluctant to go. If he’s been using this as his outlet for years, I really would hate to break his concentration. Besides, I can barely get up before noon – now I have to get up at four in the morning?

When I look into his eyes to tell him no once again, I see something in them, something longing, and that’s how I know he’s not asking me to come with him just to be nice. He really wants me to join him.

“Okay. I’ll do it,” I say, watching his face light up.

“Good.”

“What time is it now?” I ask as I look around for the nearest clock. “Oh...8:37 p.m.”

“It’s still early,” Tyson says.

“Yeah. I need to go unpack my shopping bags.”

“Cool. I’m going to clean up here.”

“Ugh...where are my manners...I can help you clean up here...wash some dishes...”

“No, I got it. I’m just going to throw these in the dishwasher and I’m done.”

“Are you sure, because I would love to help.”

“I’m sure, Bri.”

“All right...I’m going to head upstairs then.”



* * *



I try on all of the dresses Padma bought for me today, just to see if I still like them before cutting off the tags. The beautiful beach dresses fit me as good as they did when I tried them on in the store, even after the meal I just ate. So I clip the tags and hang the dresses in the closet.



After taking a shower, I’m back in my room, sitting on the bed, bored, wondering what Tyson is up to. I’m becoming accustomed to being here, living with him and enjoying his company and his skillful cooking. He’s pleasant to be around, and I know it’s dangerous for me to feel so close to him, since I’m still married, but I know Tyson has no interest in a woman my age. Still, I enjoy his company and when I’m with him, I’m not afraid to be myself. He accepts me for who I am, which is the most freeing and satisfying feeling in the world.

I blow a breath and walk over to the windows. The wind has picked up drastically. Even though the rain hasn’t made it to the earth yet, I smell it coming. There’s nothing like sleeping while rain pounds the rooftop. It gets me every time. The only problem is, it’s not raining yet and I’m not ready for bed...

Beep beep.

I turn away from the windows when I hear my phone. I pick it up and see that Tyson has sent a message:

Tyson: if you’re still up, come downstairs for a moment

Immediately, a smile comes to my face. I’m excited he’s still up, but I wonder why he wants me to come downstairs. What does he have up his sleeve?

I happily place my phone on the nightstand, then head downstairs in my pajamas. As I near the bottom of the stairs, I can see him sitting on the couch, one arm stretched out on the backrest, the other hand holding the TV remote. He has on a plain white tee and distressed jeans.

“There she is,” he says. “You do know you don’t have to go to your room to watch TV, right? You can hang out down here, too. Mi casa es Bri’s casa.”

I giggle at his remark. He’s such a clown sometimes.

“I appreciate that, señor. Your living room is so elegant, I didn’t think you used it at all. This white couch could easily get stained.”

“Yeah, and it could also easily be replaced. Have a seat,” he says, gesturing for me to sit down.

I make myself comfortable on the opposite end of the couch then stare at the TV. “Why’d you go upstairs if you weren’t ready for bed?”

“Force of habit.”

“What do you mean?”

“That’s been my routine for six months. I would only come downstairs to eat, or go to Padma’s house and if I wasn’t doing one of the two things, I stayed in my bedroom.”

“The whole day?”

“Yep. Pretty much.”

Tyson shook his head. “Well, I hope I’ve made my house a home for you and that you feel comfortable here.”

“I do feel comfortable.”

“Good. I’m glad.”

Tyson powers the TV off and I look at him. He has a furtive smile on his face.

“What?” I ask, holding his gaze.

“I like talking to you.”

“Why?”

“You’re interesting.”

“You say that like I’m a sculpture or something.”

“No, I don’t mean like that...I mean, you’re different. Even though you’re eleven years younger than I am, you still like things I like.”

“And you’ve gathered that in less than a week?”

“Yep...like the charity work you do with Padma...I admire that. Honestly, you could’ve folded and gave up on life after the nightmare you lived through, but not only do you keep going...you also find inspiration in your soul to help someone else.”

I can only smile. I hadn’t thought about it that way, but after Tyson broke it down for me, I guess I can truly say I’m a survivor, and though Dilvan tried to break me, he failed.

“Tell me what you’re thinking,” he says.

“Oh...nothing...” I reply, because I can’t tell him what I’m thinking. I’m thinking how wonderful it is to be in his company; how I feel like the luckiest woman in the world just to be a guest in his home. There’s a lot of depth to Tyson. He’s not superficial like Dilvan. He’s thoughtful, intriguing, smart and handsome, and most importantly, he doesn’t have to trample on others to make himself appear alpha-like. He’s already alpha, but at the same time, he’s grounded enough to know that dominance doesn’t make a man a man.

“So how many years of schooling did you have to take to become a pastry chef?”

“I did four in the states, then I studied abroad.”

“You studied abroad? I thought you studied food.”

He chuckles. “I get it...a-broad...you’re funny.”

I laugh and say, “Sorry...I forgot to warn you that I can be extremely silly at times.”

“So can I. See, yet another thing we have in common. If Padma would’ve matched you with me instead of Dilvan, we’d be happily married right now.”

For a moment, our eyes connect and it seems that everything else around us disappears. It’s just Tyson and I, sitting on an invisible couch, in an invisible living room, completely in tune with each other. To break away from his heated stare, I say, “Is it raining yet?” I get up from the couch and walk over to the front door, opening it to the screen door. I notice a few rain drops falling onto the deck.

I completely freeze when I feel the warmth of his body heat behind me. Placing his hand on my shoulder, he says, “Yep...it’s drizzling now...the bottom’s going to fall out before it’s all said and done.” He puts his other hand on my shoulder and after massaging me there, he says, “But guess what...I still go for my morning jog, rain or shine.”

“You run in the rain?”

“Yeah. It’s exhilarating. As a matter of fact, come here.”

Tyson opens the screen door and steps out onto the deck, pulling me with him. Now it begins to rain harder while lightning is flashing in the night sky.

“Oh my gosh, Tyson,” I say, turning my hands palms up, feeling the cool rain dampen my body. I can tell he’s used to this because it doesn’t bother him one bit. And while I’m squirming like I’ve never felt water before, he’s standing there laughing at me.

I run back inside and he follows.

“See...now I have to change pajamas thanks to you and your spontaneity.”

“Yeah, but you’ll sleep good tonight...well at least until 4:00 a.m. Set your alarm.”

“I will,” I respond, still wiping water from my face. Before I head upstairs for the night, I turn around to look at him. He’s staring back at me, with beads of water still on his face. He’s amazing, and I feel compelled to show my appreciation for all he’s done for me these last few days. So I walk back to him, then fold my arms around his thick, muscular body, squeezing hard – the side of my face pressed firmly against his chest. “Thank you, Tyson.”

He knows I’m not thanking him for pulling me out into the rain. I’m thanking him for being him, for allowing me to see firsthand that not all men are the same and for taking me under his wing and helping me bandage my wounds. I know I have a long way to go and I know I won’t have him forever, but I have him for right now, encased in my arms.

“You’re welcome, baby,” he replies, his arms squeezing me gently while one of his hands rests on my hair.

I let go, he follows suit and after wishing each other a good night, we head to our bedrooms.





THREE MONTHS LATER





CHAPTER 19



Dilvan

- - -



Dilvan sat at the table in his dining room, Tuesday morning, waiting for his Mother to show up. Of course Gabrielle would the main topic of conversation, which suited him just fine because he missed her. In three months, he’d seen Gabrielle three times: once while she was volunteering at his Mother’s restaurant, again at the community garden and lastly with his cousin Tyson. It pissed him off when he saw her with Tyson, having lunch together at a café. It pissed him off even more when he learned that she had been living with him.

As usual, Beatrice had laid out an array of breakfast foods on the table.

“Dilvan, how are you, son?” Padma asked walking in, the heels of her shoes pattering on his hardwood floors.

“Good. How are you, Mother?” he asked, standing, greeting her with a kiss.

“I’m okay.” Padma took a seat across from him. She hadn’t been to Tuesday brunch since Gabrielle left, and she wouldn’t be here now if Dilvan hadn’t called and practically begged to meet with her. He’d also invited his brothers, Heshan and Prasad who were due at any moment.

“This is a lot of food for two people,” Padma observed.

“Heshan and Prasad are supposed to be here...that is, if they’re still coming.”

“Oh...making this a family affair, huh?”

“Yeah...need to talk to everybody.”

Dilvan heard commotion at the front door and moments later Prasad, Heshan and Colin, their Father, came walking in the dining room.

“You made it,” Padma said to her husband. She didn’t know whether or not he’d be back from Virginia in time.

“Yes, dear. I made it.” Colin placed a kiss on his wife’s puckered lips.

“Hey son,” he said, to Dilvan.

Dilvan stood up, hugged his Father tight. “Good to see you, Dad.”

“You, too. You look good.”

“Thanks.”

Once everyone was settled with food in their plates, Dilvan cleared his throat. “I wanted everyone here today so I could apologize to you all for the way I’ve been acting. I know I’ve been a jerk—”

“That’s an understatement,” Heshan mumbled.

Dilvan continued, “I hurt all of you and I’m sorry.”

Heshan shook his head. “Dilvan, man, you’re my brother and I love you regardless. I just couldn’t come over here anymore and watch you treat Gabrielle the way you did.”

“What do you mean?” his Father asked because Padma hadn’t made him aware of what had been going on between Dilvan and Gabrielle. Colin was busy recovering and working – she didn’t want him to be bothered by this drama.

“Mom didn’t tell you?” Prasad asked his Father.

“Basically, Dilvan had been torturing Gabrielle...” Heshan said.

Colin frowned. “Wha—”

“Let me explain,” Dilvan said, cutting in.

“Prasad and I stopped coming over here,” Heshan continued, “Because we both watched him disrespect her time and time again and I just couldn’t watch it anymore.”

“What?” Colin asked in disbelief. “Dilvan?”

“Dad, I made a mistake. That’s why I wanted to talk to—”

“You knew about this, dear?” Colin asked, looking at his wife.

“I didn’t initially...but when I found out, I made sure to take her out of this house.”

“And where is Gabrielle now?” Colin inquired.

“She’s staying with Tyson,” Prasad answered.

Colin shook his head. “Dilvan, I don’t believe this. What on earth were you thinking?”

“I wasn’t thinking, Dad. I was just upset that Mother made me marry Gabrielle, okay. Prasad didn’t have to follow the traditional, Sri Lankan arranged marriage, and she didn’t make Heshan marry anybody. Why did I have to? I felt like Mother was punishing me.”

“Punishing you?” Padma frowned. “If I was punishing you, I would’ve set you up with those half-naked whores you seem to like.”

“Dear,” Colin told his wife, placing his hand on her forearm to calm her down.

“Gabrielle has been nothing but good to you and this family,” she said. “She’s the reason your Father is still sitting here right now. You ever think about that?”

“I’ve had three, long months to think about that, Mother. I’m sorry. I wanted you all to know that I’m sorry...sorry for being a jerk, for being the family member everyone hates. I’m sorry for not joining the family business and I’m sorry I’m not the man you expected me to be. I’m not perfect.”

“Nobody’s perfect,” Colin said. “That’s no excuse for treating Gabrielle the way everyone is saying you did.”

“I know, Dad, and I’m going to talk to her.”

Prasad crossed his arms. “And she actually agreed to talk to you?”

“Yes, this evening for dinner.”

“There’s no need to talk to her,” Padma said. “Just let her be.”

“No. I need to apologize and after trying to talk to her for the last three months, she finally agreed to meet me, so I’m going to meet her.”

“Well, you should know that you and Gabrielle were never officially married to start with,” Padma revealed.

“What?” all three brothers and Colin said in blended confusion.

“Well, the ceremony we did was real. However, the license was never filed. I just found out about it last month.”

“I don’t believe this,” Dilvan said.

Padma continued, “In the eyes of the state, you are not married. So like I said, let her be.”

“I can’t.”

“Why not? It’s what you’ve wanted all along. Now you’re free. Let her be.”

“I can’t, Mother.”

“Why not!”

“Because I think I love her.”

Prasad said, “If you love her, why treat her the way you did?”

“Because I’m stupid. There, is that what you all want to hear. I’m stupid and I didn’t realize what I had until I didn’t have it anymore.”

“Well, thanks for the delayed apology, but actions speak louder than words,” Prasad said standing. After giving his parents a hug, he left. Heshan followed soon after. So did Padma. She was so upset, she couldn’t listen to another word from him.

Alone with his Father now, Dilvan asked, “So what should I do, Dad. I admit, I made a mistake with Gabrielle, but I don’t feel that I can walk away from her after I apologize to her tonight. I want to try to make things work.”

“You heard your Mother. You and Gabrielle weren’t even married.”

“Then maybe, if she forgives me, we can get married.”

“Depends on what you did to her. How bad was it? You didn’t hit her, did you?”

“No. I pushed her a few times, but never hit her.”

Colin gasped and shook his head. “What else?”

“I won’t go into detail, but I did some bad things, Dad.” His lips trembled and he almost broke down in tears. “I found out she lost two babies because of me,” he admitted.

“What?”

“She had two miscarriages.”

“So you did hit her.”

“No. I pushed her, but—”

“And what makes you think it’s ever right to put your hands on a woman, Dilvan? I didn’t raise you that way. I have never laid a hand on your Mother!”

“I know, Dad.”

“Then what were you thinking?”

“I was angry with Mother. I didn’t want to be married to Gabrielle.”

“Well you’re not. Didn’t you hear what your Mother just said?”

“Yes, I heard her, and she’s right...I didn’t want Gabrielle then...but I want her now.”

“How can you be so sure?”

“Because I’ve had time to think about it, and when I learned she’d donated that bone marrow to you, it made me realize that she’s a good, genuine woman. And I need to get her back, Dad. Tell me what to do to get her back.”

“Dilvan, I don’t know, son. Why would she want you back after everything you put her through? I can’t believe you would do this.”

Dilvan hung her head in shame.

“You need to apologize to her, that’s for sure, but don’t think that just because you offer her an apology, she’s going to come running back to you. Just apologize and move on. That’s my advice to you.”

Dilvan dabbed his eyes and nodded, but he had no intentions on giving up on Gabrielle. Maybe, just maybe if she had a tiny bit of emotion left for him, she’d come back to him somehow.





CHAPTER 20




Gabrielle



- - -



“Jeez, I didn’t think I was going to make it,” I say, huffing and puffing, sweat running down my forehead from our morning beach run.

“You didn’t make it,” Tyson quips. “I carried you the rest of the way here on my back. What was that? A mile?”

“Oh, whatever, Tyson,” I say, watching him chug a bottle of Dasani. “That was not a mile. That wasn’t even half of a mile.” I drink more water to help my breathing return to normal, but instead I end up losing more breaths as I watch Tyson pull his sweat-soaked tank top over his head, revealing his cast-iron chest and abs that are so toned, so ripped, they look fake. His physique is mind-blowing.

“All I’m saying is, we’ve only been doing this every morning for the past three months, Bri. You should be used to this by now.”

“I...uh...um...” I literally force myself to look away from his abs. I don’t want to turn away, but I do. “I am used to it.”

“Then why are you out of breath?”

Because you took off your shirt. That’s what I want to say. Instead I respond, “Just thirsty.” I drink more water and can only laugh at myself. He’s right...I should be accustomed to the morning run by now, but I’m not. While I’m aware of the benefits of physical activities and know that running is good for exercising the body and relaxing the mind, the best thing about running in the morning along the shoreline, for me, is being next to him. We’ve grown close over these last few months, extremely close. I feel comfortable with him, even though we are just friends, roommates, or whatever you’d call two people of the opposite sex who live together without a romantic attachment.

As I finish a bottle of water, I look across the center island in the kitchen and see him leaning up against he counter, his arms crossed, legs crossed at the ankles, looking at me with a smirk on his face. Yeah, he did carry me on his back for a few minutes and while I tried to pretend I hadn’t felt an attachment to him while our sweat co-mingled under the rising of the morning sun, I’d be a liar if I said I wasn’t feeling something for him. He’s good to me, nice to me – how could I not?

“I’m surprised you came with me this morning, though...thought exercise and sweat makes your hair frizz up.”

He’s referring to my natural hair that I’d recently had flat-ironed. My straight, flowey strands falls to bra strap length. This was my first time straightening it ever and I had no idea how straight hair would change my appearance. I look like a different woman.

“Yeah, it does, along with the humidity,” I tell him. I massage my scalp, feeling around to see if the hair at the roots is starting to revert back to its natural state and it is, although it’s not noticeable. “Yep, it’s already starting to frizz.”

“Let me see,” he says, walking over to the barstool where I’m sitting.

He drowns his hands in my hair and I feel his fingertips massage my scalp.

“Hmm...I don’t feel anything but a big head,” he quips, then grins while sitting on the barstool next to me.

I laugh and get up from my seat. “Okay...let me see what you’re working with.”

I massage his head, because his hair is cut so low, there’s no hair for me to immerse my fingers in. “Yeah, just as I suspected...an even bigger head,” I say, sliding my hands from his head to the sides of his face while watching him display his amazing smile. As I look at him, I ponder how he could be so handsome and yet still remain humble. He knows how to treat people, especially a damaged soul like me. For that, I’m thankful.

“You okay?” he asks me, probably because I’m still standing here, between his opened legs as he’s sitting on the barstool. My hands are on his face and I’m lost – somewhere in fantasy dreaming up the possibility that a man like this could be remotely interested in me. We’ve been living under the same roof for three months and not once has he ever tried to kiss me, or make any sort of move on me. Now, as I stare at his lips, I want to make a move on him. I feel like, even if I didn’t want to, it would happen anyway. Our lips would somehow find each other’s and lock into something sublime – something as delicious as the desserts he whips up in this kitchen.

“Bri, are you okay?”

I nod and lick my lips. Unable to stop myself from doing what I’ve been dreaming of for the last few weeks, I move my head closer to him, my lips closer to his lips until they touch. The moment they do, I jump...like a static charge has jolted me back to reality.

“I’m sorry,” I say, then run upstairs, embarrassed. I sit on my bed and cover my face with my hands. What was I thinking? Just because Tyson was nice to me didn’t mean he wanted me...just meant he was nice...a million times nicer than Dilvan. Now I feel silly for kissing him, even though our lips barely touched.

The knock at the door has my heart pounding, mind racing. I don’t have the wherewithal to get up from this bed.

“Bri.”

The sound of his voice makes me close my eyes. I feel my stomach quivering. How could I be so stupid?

“Gabrielle, may I come in?” he asks after knocking again.

I don’t know what to do, so I do nothing. For a moment, I can’t think. Then I realize I shouldn’t be this afraid to face Tyson after an innocent, barely-there kiss. It’s not like he’s going to hurt me. I trust him. He’s proven himself. What do I have to be afraid of? All I have to do is apologize again and brush it off.

So I stand up from the bed, rake my hair behind my ears and open the door.

Tyson is standing there, shirtless, the way I left him, and there’s a fire in his eyes, a hunger I haven’t seen in them before.

“Why’d you run away?” he asks me, taking small steps in my direction.

With each step he takes forward, I take one backwards. “I’m sorry, Tyson. I didn’t mean to kiss you.”

“Yes you did,” he states.

“I know, but...I...I’m sorry...it just happened so fast and...”

“Why do you keep apologizing to me?”

“Because I’m sorry...I...I’ve never kissed a man before. Dilvan never kissed me.”

“And how many times do I have to tell you that I’m not Dilvan.”

When I cannot take anymore steps backwards, because my legs are up against the side of the bed, I feel Tyson’s hands against my face. I close my eyes at the warmth of them, then feel his lips plunge into mine as he kisses me with a greedy, passionate longing. I don’t know what I’m doing and when I feel his tongue in my mouth I try not to pass out.

Am I floating? I can’t even decipher whether or not my feet are still on the floor. This kiss, my first kiss, is pure bliss, something I always wanted to feel when I finally connected with someone. I’ve never had a man’s tongue in my mouth before and no matter how much I’ve seen kissing scenes on TV, nothing could prepare me for the real thing. Tyson Alexander is the real thing.

“You don’t know how long I’ve wanted to taste your lips, Gabrielle,” he says in a quick breath, then is back to kissing me again. His lips are firm and his mouth is so strong, so dominative that he seems to be pulling me even closer to him just by use of his lips alone. I feel his hands meander around my waist and I’m not imagining things this time – my feet are off the floor. He’s lifted me to the bed and as I lie there, I watch him crawl on top of me, taking my lips once more.

I wonder if he feels what I feel – like we are in sync at a greater degree than this friendship we’ve shared over the last few months. There’s something special between us, something so dreamy and ethereal that I feel like we’ve crossed over into unknown relationship territory, something far greater than just girlfriend and boyfriend.

While we kiss, I hold a firm grip on his head, the area just above his neck and allow him to school me in this kissing game. I love the taste of him, love the way his lips feel, his tongue feels. Just when I think I’m getting the hang of it, I feel his manhood brush up against my leg through his thin shorts. He moves his lips to my neck, sucking and kissing me there.

“Oh, Tyson.”

He stops when he hears my whimpers. Staring down at me, he’s panting harder than I am.

Moments pass and we say nothing to each other, only stare into each other’s eyes. Then, out of the blue, Tyson smiles and gathers enough breath to say, “That’s what you get for kissing me.”

I smile at him, watching him move away from me. He’s standing on the floor now and I sit up, looking at him.

“I know you have to get ready to go, so when you’re ready, meet me downstairs,” he says.

I’m having heart palpitations and his kiss has left me so befuddled, I can’t find my voice. So as I watch him walk away and close my bedroom door behind him, all I can do is smile and touch my lips. Did that just happen?





CHAPTER 21




Tyson



- - -



Tyson sat on the couch in the living room, waiting for Gabrielle to come downstairs. He was taking her to Padma’s house today, where she would be meeting to talk about the community garden upkeep for the fall months. With October approaching, she wanted to discuss new vegetables to plant.

He admired her work with Padma. Gabrielle was a woman who didn’t mind getting her hands dirty, who didn’t place emphasis on things that didn’t really matter.

He’d been unable to stop thinking about the kiss they shared this morning, even while he was showering. He hadn’t been with a woman in three years and to have Gabrielle there, sharing his time, space, meals and lips made him realize how much he missed being in a relationship – being in love.

Is that what this was? Love?

He had considered that it could be, but for one to truly love another person, they must be sure of what it was they were feeling. He was helping her, taking her from a bad situation and from the abuse being delivered upon her at the hands of his cousin. He provided a safe environment for her, a new beginning.

Tyson scooted to the edge of the couch and rubbed his hands together. He had to admit to himself that he enjoyed her company – their runs on the beach, cooking together, even their conversations. What he didn’t like was how often she brought up Dilvan.

For a man who’d hurt her so much, Dilvan was always on her mind for some reason, like she wasn’t completely over him. Tyson had a suspicion that this was the case, but he wouldn’t bring it up unless she did.

Tyson stood up when he heard Gabrielle coming downstairs. She had on a pair of black slacks, a long-sleeved, low-cut pink blouse that showed cleavage and a pair of black loafers.

“Wow. You look stunning.”

“Thanks.”

“Don’t you think you’re a little too overdressed to be working in a garden?”

“We’re going to talk about the garden...don’t think we’re working in it today.”

“Oh, okay. Well, if you’re ready, we can go.”

“I’m ready,” Gabrielle told him.



* * *



The thirty minute drive to Padma’s house was a quiet one. Tyson was at a loss for words when usually he was conversational. He was thinking about he kiss he shared with Gabrielle, how he could still feel the warmth of her lips against his mouth.

She hadn’t said a word either, Tyson noticed. She just stared out of the window, probably doing the exact same thing he was doing – reliving every second of their kiss.

He pulled up behind Padma’s car, shifted his Range Rover in park and asked, “I know it was a rather wild morning, but did you remember to grab your phone?”

Gabrielle rummaged around in her purse looking for it. “Yes, I have it, although I’ll probably get Padma to drop me off.”

“Okay. Well, you know the routine...call me if you need me.”

Gabrielle smiled. “I will.” She reached for the door handle and Tyson grabbed her left hand.

“Wait,” he said.

She looked at him.

“We need to talk about this morning,” he told her.

She nodded. “Yeah. We do.”

Tyson kissed the backside of her hand, but that wasn’t enough. He wanted her lips again, as evident by the way he lifted out of his seat and went after them, tasting them with the same fervor as he had in her bed this morning.

When they separated, he said, “Call me if you need me, Gabrielle.”

“I will.”

Tyson watched her open the door, get out and walk up the stairs. He smiled, then put the car in reverse and drove away.





CHAPTER 22




Gabrielle



- - -



Sitting across from Dilvan gives me so many bad memories. Why did I even agree to meet him for dinner? And why had he chosen a romantic restaurant, one with dim lighting and candles – the type of place one would have to make reservations in order to get a table.

He’d ordered dinner. My stomach was too nervous for me to eat. And why would I want to break bread with my enemy? I opted for a glass of wine instead.

“How have you been?” Dilvan asks.

Ignoring him, I swish the wine around in my glass, enjoying the aroma of it. Coming here was a mistake, I realize, because all the things he did to me are flashing in my head like visions. Reminders...

“You can look at me, Gabrielle.”

I frown. Oh, now I can look at you, when before, I wasn’t allowed to make eye contact with you.

“Did you hear me?” he asks.

I nod and take a sip of wine.

“Then look at me.”

“No thanks,” I say.

He sighs heavily. “I asked you here because I wanted to apologize for the way I’ve treated you. You didn’t deserve it and I’m sorry.”

I roll my eyes. His apology means nothing to me. It can’t change the past and his mistreatment of me. It won’t undo the name-calling, the pushing and shoving, the way he forced himself on me and my two miscarriages. I’m sorry are just words, and for a man like Dilvan, there is no meaning behind them.





CHAPTER 23




Tyson



- - -



“Been a minute since I’ve been over to your bachelor pad,” Heshan said.

Tyson nodded.

The men were sitting in the living room, drinking beers and watching ESPN.

“Wait...I take that back...it certainly is not a bachelor pad anymore, now that Gabrielle is living here. How has that been going?”

Tyson forced a smile away from his face. “It’s going good.”

“Yeah, but I know you must want your house back to yourself.”

“Um...haven’t really thought about it. It’s actually been nice having her here with me.”

Heshan sat up straight. “Really, now?”

“Yeah.”

Heshan gave Tyson a hard stare. “Wait...you like her, don’t you?”

“Of course I like her. How else were we able to get along for three months?”

“No, I don’t mean that kind of like. I mean, you got the hots for her.”

Tyson smiled, then turned up the beer bottle to his mouth. “And if I said I did?”

“Wow. I knew it!”

“Heshan, chill man. That was a hypothetical question.”

“Sounds more like an admission to me. I thought, after Desiree, you were done with relationships.”

“Who said anything about a relationship?” Tyson asked, unable to remove the smile from his face.

“You don’t have to say it, my brother. It’s written all over your face. How long has it been since Desiree anyway? Four years?”

Tyson shrugged. “Not sure. All I know is I like spending time with Gabrielle, but she’s hella young.”

“How young?” Heshan inquired.

“You don’t know how old your sister-in-law is, man?” Tyson quipped. “She’s twenty-one.”

“How did I not know that?” Heshan asked, and after thinking about it for a moment, he said, “Well, whatever the case, you can help yourself with the love thing...I’m not going there.”

“You better before Aunt Padma makes you marry somebody of her choosing.”

“Nah...she won’t do that to me.”

“But isn’t that your culture? What people back in your homeland do?”

“Yeah, but we’re not there anymore.”

“So how did she get Dilvan to agree to marry Gabrielle?”

“Easy. She told him she would cut him out of the will. He’s always been somewhat of a shark when it comes to money.”

“Interesting...”

“No...here’s where things get interesting. Get this, Dilvan and Gabrielle aren’t even married.”

“Say what?” Tyson asked, turning to look at Heshan so fast, he could’ve fractured his neck.

“Yeah...Mom said that even though they had a marriage ceremony, the license was never filed with the state...therefore, they aren’t legally married.”

“Hmm...” Tyson rubbed his chin.

“I’m curious...what is it about Gabrielle that you like?”

“Why did you ask the question like that? Like there’s something wrong with her?” Tyson asked.

“Didn’t mean anything by it...I’m just curious.”

Tyson took a sip of beer. “Well, she’s interesting...she understands me, and I understand her. I enjoy her company, and I haven’t felt this way about a woman in a very long time. My only issue with pursuing her is—”

“That Dilvan is your cousin.”

“It’s not even that...not trying to diss your brother or anything, but I could care less about Dilvan or his feelings. My issue with Gabrielle is, I think she may still have some feelings for Dilvan.”

“I think you might be right.”

Tyson frowned. “Why you say that?”

Heshan took a swig of beer and, while gesturing with beer bottle in his hand, he said, “Okay...so this morning, we had brunch at Dilvan’s place...he was going on and on about how sorry he was for all of his wrongs...said something about not being perfect...that he made mistakes with Gabrielle, blah, blah, blah...long story short, she’s having dinner with him as we speak.”

“She who?” Tyson asked, frowning so hard, he could make the muscles in his face burst.

“Gabrielle...she’s having dinner with Dilvan.”

Tyson shook his head. “No she’s not. She’s with your Mother. I dropped her off there myself.”

“Yeah, she was with Mom earlier, but Dilvan told us this morning that Gabrielle agreed to meet him for dinner today.”

Tyson glared. If Gabrielle was meeting Dilvan for dinner, she would’ve told him about it, right? He’d even mentioned to her, a while ago, that whenever she was ready to face Dilvan, he would be right there to support her – to make sure she was comfortable. That was before he had feelings for her. Now that he cared for her, the thought that she was spending time with Dilvan incensed him. Did she really go to meet Dilvan alone, over dinner, after all the things he did to her?





CHAPTER 24




Gabrielle



- - -



I don’t like the way I feel in Dilvan’s presence. One glass of wine down and I continue to maintain a sense of nervousness, like he’s going to reach across the table and slap me if I don’t accept his apology. Before I even realize what I’m doing, I glance up at him and he’s staring at me with his intense gray eyes like he wants to have his way with me, like he misses the Tuesday and Thursday trips to my bedroom.

“Did you hear me?” he asks. “I said I’m sorry.”

I shrug.

“You have nothing to say to that?”

“Nope.”

“Come on, Gabrielle...I’m trying here.”

He has some nerve, and with his statement, he’s struck a nerve. He’s trying...

“You’re trying what?” I ask.

“To make amends with you.”

“Dilvan, all the apologies in the world won’t be enough for me to forget the things you’ve done to me. You humiliated me. You abused me and—”

“Listen...we have to start over from somewhere.”

I frown. “No we don’t. What makes you think I want to start over with you? I’m not good enough, remember? I’m too ugly, too black, too stupid to be your wife.”

“And I just apologized to you for the things I’ve said and done.”

I shake my head and cross my arms in defiance.

“Look, Gabrielle. I know the things I’ve done are probably unforgivable.”

“Probably?”

Dilvan blows a frustrated breath. “If you give me a chance, I promise I will make things right and be a better man for you.”

This conversation baffles me...makes me wonder what’s behind his change of heart. Before, I wasn’t good enough. Now he wants to give me the world. “Why now?” I ask, not because I’m seriously considering getting back with him, but for my own knowledge. “Why do you want to be good to me now?”

“When I found out what you did for my Father it made me realize how stupid I am and how special you are. I don’t deserve you, Gabrielle. I don’t. But I’m asking you for a chance to prove my love.”

Before I can stop myself, I’m laughing out loud. He didn’t just say the word love, did he?

“You’re right about one thing, Dilvan...oh, wait...I’m sorry...you still want me to call you My Lord or is Dilvan acceptable now?” I ask him, eyebrows raised.

He sighs.

Meanwhile, I’m inwardly smiling. I have what it takes to stand up to him now. If only I would’ve done this months ago. I continue, “You said you don’t deserve me and that’s precisely the reason why you don’t have me.”

“So you don’t love me? You don’t feel anything for me?”

“I used to,” I say honestly, because I did care about him, confusing his abuse with love. I foolishly thought the way Dilvan treated me was how he loved. But I realized it wasn’t love for me. It was love for himself.

“Do you feel anything for me now, because if there is a microscopic bit of love in your heart for me, we owe it to each other to give this thing another go?”

Another six months of torture...no thanks. “No. I don’t feel anything for you anymore,” I tell him as I stand. “Goodbye, Dilvan.”

“Gabrielle, wait...”

“Goodbye,” I tell him. It actually feels freeing to walk away, to officially end this virulent relationship that has been hanging over my head for months. Now it’s over. For good.





CHAPTER 25




Tyson



- - -



Tyson paced the deck, waiting for Gabrielle to come home. Heshan left a few minutes ago after spilling the beans about Gabrielle’s plans. It bothered Tyson that she’d kept her dinner with Dilvan a secret.

Was it any of his business what Gabrielle was doing?

He thought so. He cared for her and had been taking care of her for three and a half months. He was falling for her. Even before the kiss they shared this morning, he thought about what it would be like to make her his woman. And he had a serious dislike of Dilvan.

If he touched a single hair on her head...

Tyson watched as taxi pulled up next to his car. Gabrielle emerged from the back seat.

As he watched her climb the stairs to the deck, he wondered if that’s why she dressed so nice today and why she had her hair straightened – because she was going to see Dilvan tonight.

“Hey,” he told her. “Why didn’t you call me? I told you I would come and pick you up?”

“It’s okay. You do enough for me already, Tyson.”

Tyson’s jaw tightened as he followed her in the house. “So how did it go today?” he managed to force out.

“It went well.”

Tyson frowned, watching her take a bottle of water from the fridge. He wanted her to tell him about her dinner with Dilvan without having to ask about it. Why was she being secretive?

“So is everything going well with the fall garden plans?” he inquired.

“Yep...perfect.” Gabrielle took a sip of water. “The students are really excited about it.”

He finally caught her eyes, shooting her an intense glare.

“Is something wrong?” she asked him.

He shrugged. “You tell me.”

She looked puzzled. “O-kay, I’m going to head to bed.”

Tyson’s anger intensified when he watched her walk away. He cared for this woman, and she was having dinner with Dilvan behind his back. As much as he liked Gabrielle, he wouldn’t stand in her way if she really wanted to be with Dilvan.





CHAPTER 26




Gabrielle



- - -



I feel exceptionally well this morning. Meeting with Dilvan last night made me realize how much I don’t miss him, how much I could care less about him and how grateful I am to be living here with Tyson. I’d intended on telling Tyson that I’d met with Dilvan last night, but I was so exhausted, I just wanted to go to bed.



* * *



It’s a little after ten this morning and the aroma of coffee has me getting out of bed. I shower quickly and while I’m standing under the running water, it occurs to me that I’d totally forgotten to set my alarm for 4:00 a.m., which means I missed my morning run with Tyson.

Ugh...

I love spending time running with him in the mornings and I could beat myself up for not setting my alarm. I hate myself right now.

When I make it downstairs, I see Tyson sitting on the couch sipping on his coffee, atypical for him. He’s usually in the kitchen, perched on a barstool with his laptop in front of him or busy cooking something. Today, he’s comfortable in the living room and he looks troubled, the same way he looked last night as if something is bothering him.

“Hey, did you go jogging this morning?” I ask, standing at the bottom of the staircase.

“Yeah, I did.”

“I forgot to set my alarm. Why didn’t you wake me up at four?”

He shrugs. “I figured you didn’t want to join me, so I went alone.”

“Why would you think I didn’t want to join you?” I ask, lightheartedly, because now I know something is wrong. I’m not sure what’s wrong, but I know Tyson has an issue with me. He’s never been so flippant and standoffish with me.

“Well, you haven’t forgotten to set your alarm before. But last night, for some reason, your mind was elsewhere.”

“Tyson—”

“It’s cool. Don’t stress yourself over it. I’m kinda glad I went alone because it gave me time to think.” He takes a sip of coffee and sets his mug on the table.

I sigh. “Okay, did I do something to you?”

“Where were you last night, Gabrielle?”

I walk around the coffee table and sit on the couch with just enough space separating us to have a conversation. “That’s what I meant to tell you...I met with Dilvan last night.”

“You mean you had dinner with Dilvan last night.”

I shake my head. “No. Dilvan asked me to dinner to discuss some things with me, but I didn’t eat with him. I just wanted to hear what he had to say.”

“Why? After everything he put you through, why meet him for dinner, Gabrielle?”

Tyson is upset. I don’t recall ever seeing him this way, but I can see the anger in his clenched jaw.

“Tyson, you told me I needed to talk to him.”

“Yeah, and I also told you I would come with you in case Dilvan tried to hurt you.”

“I knew he wasn’t going to try to hurt me.”

Tyson stood up and, “Oh, and you know this how? Since you’ve known him, all he ever did was hurt you and now, all of a sudden, you trust him.”

“No, Tyson! I don’t trust him. I just went to see what he had to say.”

“And what was that? That he loves you. That he’s sorry, and he hopes you’ll go back to his torture chamber so you two can live happily ever after?”

I shake my head. He’s being irrational now and I know nothing I say is going to calm him down.

“You still love him, don’t you?” he asks me. “That’s why you didn’t tell me you were going to meet him. You love him.”

“No, I don’t!”

“Well, I think you do. Who am I to stand in the way of you and your relationship with him?”

“Tyson...”

“Here,” he says, handing me a small, brown envelope. “I took the liberty of finding you an apartment, and I paid the lease up for a year.”

“Tyson, why—”

“Heshan is going to come over here to help you move your things.”

I don’t believe what I’m hearing. What happened to the rational Tyson? The one who let me get a word in? The one who enjoyed spending time with me? Now he’s forcing me to move.

“Tyson, why are you doing this?”

“Because you need this, Gabrielle,” he says, heading for the front door.

“No, I—”

“I’m on my way to Padma’s restaurant,” he says, opening the door. “See you around.”

He closes the door behind him and now I’m sitting here wondering what just happened. I offended him by agreeing to meet with Dilvan, that much is obvious, but I didn’t think he would take such drastic measures and kick me out of his house.

Tears fall from my eyes as I think about this. I love staying here with him. Over the course of these last three and a half months, I grew close to Tyson, and the feelings I have for him all came to a culmination this morning, when we shared a kiss. Now, I feel like we’re breaking up, even though we weren’t even officially together. He wants me to be happy...says he’s doing this for me.

I dry my eyes and run back upstairs to my room. Maybe this is for the best, I tell myself. Life is all about learning lessons and this journey for me – this arranged marriage to Dilvan, living through his abuse, then seeing firsthand how good a man like Tyson treats women, has opened my eyes.

I know now that abuse does not, and is not, equal to love. I know that I cannot measure my worth by the things a man, or anyone else for that matter, says to me. Self-worth and self-acceptance starts within. And lastly, thanks to Tyson, I know that good men really do exist in this world. When I’m mentally prepared for it, love will find me, but before that happens, I must do the difficult task of finding myself.





~ To Be Continued ~





Look for Book 2, Watch Me Take Your Girl, (The Alexanders), coming June 2014.



Also, check out these titles: Accidental Deception, The Accidental Series, Book 1

Accidental Heartbreak, The Accidental Series, Book 2

Accidental Lovers, The Accidental Series, Book 3

What Donovan Wants, The Accidental Series, Book 4

Dying To Love Her

Dying To Love Her 2

Secrets On Lake Drive

Can’t Just Be His Friend

The Baby Daddy Interviews

Just Like New to the Next Man Vacation Interrupted

The Crush



For more information about the author and upcoming releases, visit her website at www.tinamartin.net.





Dying To Love Her, Part 2 is now available! If you read Part 1, you definitely do not want to miss this.

What would a man do for the woman he loves?

In Ava, Andre Rockwell has found the woman of his dreams. Nevermind the fact she’s sick with a life-threatening heart condition. He loves her dearly and does everything in his power to prove that love

When Ava packs her bags and leaves unexpectedly, it throws a wrench in their perfect Florida life together. However, she’s not aware of how deeply Andre loves her. Soon, she’ll discover how it feels to be loved unconditionally by a man who would risk it all for her.

Dying To Love Her 2 is the sequel to Dying to Love Her. It’s a story that will pull at your heart strings and make you a believer in true love.





