Bending The Rules

Wright Brothers book 3



Christina C Jones

Warm Hues Publishing



Copyright © 2016 Christina C. Jones

Cover art by Christina Jones,

Images courtesy of Shutterstock.



All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This is a work of fiction. Any similarity to real locations, people, or events is coincidental and unintentional.



Bookish Remix of “Back That Azz Up” appears with co-writing credits to/permission of Jeanette Davis.





Author’s Note:

As I write this note, on 11/12/16, it is officially my three-year anniversary. A special day for me – the day I was first able to say: “I’m a published author”. It’s a great honor to me, to offer this book on such an important day, and dedicate it to my readers. There are several people to thank for this book being published – friends, betas, family, but this is #26. Y’all know who are you, and you know how much you’re appreciated.

But my readers… y’all are different.

Every time I see a new review, a new tweet about the book, a new sale, a new message in my inbox, a new email, etc, hearing from you… know that it makes my day. It makes the sacrifice of my time, my energy, my sanity, all of that, very well worth it.

I speak (rant) often about how I write black love for black women. I’ve taken my licks for that, had people write me off, whatever, but guess what? I’ll never back down from it.

Because you buy the books.

You connect with the characters.

You bear the brunt of so, so much in this world, without anywhere near adequate appreciation or credit.

You deserve something that’s just for you, not meant for everybody else.

I hope you laugh, and cry, and get pissed off, and feel everything these characters feel, and I hope that in some way, big or small, the words contained in these pages give you some measure of joy, peace, energy, or whatever else you need..

Thank you.





Justin and Toni were friends.

Besties, with a whole list of life rules developed over a friendship that started when they were kids. As long as they stuck to the rules, even when they blended a business relationship into the friendship, things went off without a hitch.



But then one of them broke the rules - It was Justin. Justin broke the rules- and Toni has been mad about it ever since.



She’s spent the last several years traveling the globe to cultivate her business, but now she’s back in town. Her only goals? Help her parents with “Mr. Bestseller’s” signing at the store, help them pack up their house to sell, and get out of town without too much interaction with her former best friend.



Mr. Bestseller has different goals.



He broke the rules - no getting around that, and he’s not trying to. His main goal now that Toni is finally home is to get her to hear him out… and get his friend back.



Neither of them anticipated that the rift in their relationship would be the catalyst for seeing each other in a whole different light. But now that they do, they’re wondering if it may be time to make some amendments to those rules.



Or at the very least… bend a few.





One.



Today is the day that you’ll be nice to him.

I repeated those words in my head over and over, trying to make them stick. From the time I woke up, as I pulled into my parking spot at the store, as I waited on customers, and as I drove myself back to the hotel serving as my temporary home, I tried to drill it into my head.

I repeated it as I showered, got dressed, got back in my car, and drove to the house.

Today is the day that you’ll be nice to him.

I repeated it as I walked to the door, and rang the bell.

The door swung open, and there he was on the other side.

The first time I’d been face to face with him for six, maybe seven years.

Today is the day that you’ll be nice to him.

“Toni,” he said warmly, extending a hand to me. My gaze rested on his hand, then went up to his face. Warm brown eyes, perfect white teeth displayed in a warm smile. Warm, warm, warm. Annoying.

“Justin.”

My tone knocked a pitcher of ice water on his oven-fresh vibe. I ignored his hand, squeezing past him in the door to get inside.

Today is the day that you’ll be nice to him.

Oops.

Maybe not.

“Tony, Toni, Toné!” I heard as I stepped out of the foyer, into the living room. I grinned as Justin’s younger brother Jason walked up, arms extended for a hug. “What’s up, girl? How you doing?”

“Good,” I said, accepting his hug. “And I see how you’re doing. Where did all of this come from?” I asked, running a hand over the hair on his face. “Where is the baby face I remember?”

“I let go of the military shave. Less maintenance.”

“Uh huh. Less maintenance, or more booty?”

A sly grin spread across his face as he stepped back. “You’re not about to get me in trouble, Toni. I’m dedicated to one booty now, and she’s in earshot.”

I laughed as he led me around another corner, to the informal dining room where everyone was gathered. The Josephs – Senior, and Junior – stood to greet me, and then I exchanged hugs with Devyn and Reese, Joseph Jr and Jason’s girlfriends. Both women were a little younger than me, but I knew them from all the time I’d spent working my parent’s bookstore. Once they sat down, I was introduced to Imara – Big Joe’s girlfriend, who was also Reese’s mother – and soon enough we were all chatting like a big happy family.

After a few moments passed, we loaded into the kitchen, grabbing dishes and drinks and plates and napkins to take to the table. Once everyone was seated, it ended up how I should have expected it to end up.

I was next to Justin.

“Where is that adorable little princess of yours Justin?” Imara asked, after we’d said grace and began to eat.

“Yeah, Mr. Bestseller,” Jason added, swallowing a mouth full of food. “Where is my niece? She owes me five dollars.”

I forced myself not to look in his direction as he answered, though I’d wondered the same thing. “Mr. Bestseller” was pretty private about his little girl, and limited her exposure to the limelight, which surprised me. The whole “sexy single father” angle could be a marketing dream, and exactly what I would have expected his fancy New York agent and publishing company to push for.

But this wasn’t an interview, or a photoshoot.

So was he keeping her away from… me?

“This is Cat’s weekend. She took Bri to visit with her parents, up in Boston. They’re on their flight back as we speak.”

I took a long drink from my water at the mention of Cat – Catherine – Justin’s ex-wife. But, his explanation meant he wasn’t keeping her away from me. Not that it mattered. It didn’t.

We weren’t even friends.

… Anymore.

“You’ve never met Bri before, have you Toni?” Big Joe asked, and I swallowed hard as my mind raced for an answer. The whole table had gone quiet, waiting for an answer I couldn’t come up with, but mercifully, he kept talking. “With all the traveling you do, I’d guess not. When was the last time you were home?”

“I stop in to see my parents several times a year, but I’m usually all over the place. The two months I’ll be here is going to be the longest time I’ve stayed in any one place in about three years.”

“Do you have a release date for that black romance set in Japan you told us about?” Devyn asked, and I grinned.

“Not yet,” I laughed. “I do have a phone meeting with the author in a few days though, and she will be thrilled to hear about your interest.”

“How many authors does that make now?” Joseph asked, from his place directly across the table from me.

“She makes number one-twenty-four, worldwide. Scattered Seeds is still small, but we’ve had twenty-two USA Today bestsellers in the six years since I started it, and three New York Times Bestsellers. I’m really proud of what we’ve been able to do.”

“As you should be.” Something like a chill ran up my spine at the sound of Justin’s voice. He’d leaned toward me to speak, and awkward, frenzied butterflies bombarded my stomach over the compliment from the man who used to be my best friend in the world. “I knew you’d build it into something great.”

For the first time since we’d sat down, I actually looked at Justin. His handsome face – which had gotten me into more than one fight over the years, with girls who wrongly thought I was their competition for his affection – had matured from the baby-faced twenty-three-year-old I’d exchanged angry words with seven years ago. I knew that already – had seen his face splashed on magazine covers, and tablet screens, and on TV. But being face to face was just different.

His facial hair had finally filled in. It was cut low, but I could tell from the stubble that the patchy “Anthony Hamilton” thing I used to tease him about didn’t exist anymore. Fine lines – nothing heavy, just normal aging – textured his golden brown skin. And his eyes… pools of hot chocolate framed by jealousy-inducing, thick lashes, that had seduced countless girls, and then women, out of their panties.

Apparently, the loss of our friendship had stripped me of my immunity to their charm.

“Thank you,” I said curtly as I looked away, finding solace in Joseph’s face instead. There were no drastic differences between him and either of his brothers, but he was unquestionably more like a big brother to me than anything else. No chance of needing to clench my thighs together there. “But I don’t do it by myself. Scattered Seeds has a CFO, Editorial Directors, Associate Publishers, all of that. Which is why I’m able to travel around the world, and meet the authors in person, nurture them, talk with them, all of that.”

From the other end of the table, Imara said, “Sounds like you work hard to make your authors feel welcome, and valued.”

I smiled. “That is one of my primary goals. If I can’t do that, nothing else matters.”

“That’s my girl,” Big Joe said, with a broad smile. “Uh, your mama said something about a fiancé last time I spoke to her. Where is this young man?”

I choked on the water I’d just sipped. “Did she now?”

“She sure did.”

“Um… that was supposed to be kept private. Very, very private.”

Big Joe frowned. “Why so private?”

“Just… um… lack of desire for attention. We didn’t want to make a big deal of things.”

“Mmmhmm. Well you make sure this man understands your father isn’t the only man he needs to concern himself with meeting if he plans to marry you.”

I nodded. “I will absolutely make sure that a conversation happens before then.”

Luckily for me, the engagement topic shifted gears after that, to Devyn’s pregnancy. She was barely eight weeks along, but the whole family knew. I was glad to keep the conversation going by asking questions the others already had answers to – anything to keep the attention focused somewhere other than me. Before I knew it, dinner was over, and I was excusing myself to get back to the hotel in time for an international call with one of my authors – allowances had to be made for the time zone difference.

I purposely avoided Justin when I said my goodbyes, then headed for the door, digging for my keys as I went.

“Engaged, huh?” I heard from behind me, and kept walking like I didn’t hear it. I wasn’t surprised when Justin jogged ahead to cut me off at the door. “Congratulations.”

“It’s really none of your business. Can I get past you please?”

He let out a sigh, then pushed his hands into the pockets of his jeans. He’d gained weight. It suited him. “I was hoping you and I could talk.”

“We have nothing to talk about.”

“I beg to differ.”

“Your begging won’t make a difference,” I shot back.

He scoffed. “Damn, Toni. Seventeen years of friendship, and I can’t even get a conversation?”

My nostrils flared, and I took a step toward him. “Your ass wasn’t thinking about seventeen years of friendship when you broke the rules, were you?”

He stared at me, but said nothing. I stared right back, crossing my arms. After a few seconds, he shook his head, then stepped aside to let me pass. I yanked the door open, but had too much respect for his father to slam it behind me.

I saved that aggression for my car door.

Today is the day that you’ll be nice to him.

I let out a dry laugh at myself for believing that, as I pulled out of the driveway and pointed the car toward my temporary home. I’d been mad at Justin about the demise of our friendship for seven years, and unless something drastic happened, would be for the foreseeable future.

On the way away from the Wright family home, the sentiment I repeated in my head was a lot different from the one I’d used on the way there.

Justin Wright has a lot of goddamned nerve.





Engaged.

That word pounded in my head long after dinner was over. After I’d scooped Bri and Cat from the airport, dropped Cat at home, then made my way to my own townhouse. Bri was a chatterbox – eager to tell me everything that had occurred over the last two days in her almost-seven-year-old world. I tried not to make a habit of tuning her out, but…

Engaged.

When the fuck did that happen?

There was a time when Toni wouldn’t have even let a man think he could confidently ask her on a damn second date without me knowing him. Vetting him. Making sure he was good enough for her. And now… I had to find out in passing that she was getting married, and I didn’t even know the man’s name.

That was a big damned difference.

It shouldn’t have been a shock to my system, considering that Toni had been holding strong in her resolve to be pissed off at me for the last seven years. I thought she was dramatic, and told her so last year – an email that earned me a photo of her middle finger – had she been wearing an engagement ring in that picture? She definitely wasn’t wearing one now, but that was Toni.

Nontraditional.

Unwilling to be placed in a box.

Which was another reason why her being engaged threw me for a loop.

And that wasn’t all that threw me.

It had never been wasted on me that Toni was a beautiful woman – I would have to blind not to notice. But being face to face with her tonight, after not having the opportunity in years, was… different.

Toni was kinda… banging.

She’d traded the long, relaxed layers that had been her signature look for a short, sophisticated cut that accentuated her high cheekbones. Lips that would have normally only held a swipe of lip gloss were painted deep purple – vibrant against her mahogany skin, giving her an air of mystery that was heightened by smoky eyes. She’d come to the front door of my father’s house wearing the hell out of a rich, navy-hued dress that clung to curves I’d never really lingered on before. But in the moment that she brushed past me, walking the familiar-to-her path to the dining room, I’d found myself thinking, “Damn, where did that ass come from?”

And then I immediately brushed the thought away, because Toni was my damn friend.

Was my damn friend.

“Shit,” I muttered under my breath, then shook my head.

“Are you listening Daddy??”

When I looked down, Bri’s big brown eyes were pointed up at me, and her toothpaste-covered mouth was wrinkled in displeasure.

“Of course I am,” I said, bending to drop a kiss onto her forehead before I finished rubbing almond oil in her hair the way her mother had shown me. “Why’d you stop?”

“Just making sure. Anyway, AJ was just spinning the tire swing sooo super fast, like this!” – she put her hands in front of, frantically mimicking pulling something – “And my hair was going all crazy like—” – she wiggled her arms over her head, getting in the way of me fixing the loose ponytail she’d be wearing to bed under her polka-dot bonnet – “and I was screaming sooo loud.”

I lifted an eyebrow, meeting her eyes in the mirror as she used a towel to wipe her mouth. “Wait, you were on the tire swing when this happened?”

“Uh huh!”

“That sounds dangerous, muffin. You gotta be careful at school okay?”

She groaned. “Daaaddy! It wasn’t like, super duper fast, just super fast.”

“Oh, so super duper fast is where things get perilous then?”

“Yeah!”

She giggled as I pulled the sleep bonnet over her head, covering her eyes with it. A grin still covered her face when I pulled it into the right position, then patted the top of her head.

“Ready for bedtime?” I asked, a question I knew would be met with pouting, and my little girl did not disappoint me. She lamented all the way into her room, while she turned the lamp on, and until she was under the covers.

I pulled the bench seat away from the vanity mirror she didn’t need, up to the bed, and dropped to a seated position. “You want to see what the homegirl Keena is up to for a few chapters?” I asked, and the pout melted right off her face. I grabbed Keena Ford and the Second-Grade Mixup from the bedside drawer, and put it into her excited hands. I didn’t bother trying not to smile as she eagerly flipped to where we’d left the bookmark last time, and began to read out loud.

I let her have my full attention as she carefully relayed the adventures of a little black girl who wasn’t much older than her, with a big puff of hair just like hers. We laughed, talked about what was happening, and I got shushed several times as she made her way, stopping on occasion for help with a word. She got through two of the short chapters before the tiredness became apparent in her voice.

“That’s enough for tonight Bri-Bri, okay?”

Even though she was already half-asleep, she whined as I took the book away, putting the kitten-covered bookmark at our new stopping point. She was still grumbling as she climbed from under her covers to kneel beside the bed, where I joined her.

She clasped her hands together and closed her eyes, bowing her head for her simple prayers. I sucked my teeth when she ended them by asking for a puppy, then helped her back into the bed and tucked her in.

“I love you muffin.”

“I love you too daddy.”

I turned off her lamp, and switched on her night light, then left her room to head to my office. I took my cell phone out of my pocket and tossed it onto the desk, then dropped into my chair.

I was glad to be at home.

The last few months had been a whirlwind of traveling, signing books, and grinning in the faces of people I couldn’t stand. Oh, and pressure. A virtual ton of pressure from my agent to sign a new contract with Lion Literary, the major company that had published my last six books.

I wasn’t signing another contract.

The book that satisfied my contract with them was done. Released into the world with every single one of their ridiculous criteria met. The reviews weren’t great – in fact, I was being eviscerated, but apparently, the right amount of snarky attention pushed numbers. I was toeing the line of – another – New York Times bestselling title, for a book I couldn’t even be paid to read again myself.

But I was happy.

Because I was done.

No more sanitizing my characters or their language for a certain audience, appeasing the sensibilities of editors who didn’t “get” me or my work, limiting myself to specific types of stories. I was finally free to do whatever the hell I wanted, and I wasn’t giving that up.

I could understand why my agent was pissed about me refusing a six-figure advance though. Still, that couldn’t be the driving factor behind my decision. It had to be about what it had always been about – what was best for me, and my family.

Being stuck in a contract that didn’t make me happy couldn’t be the answer to that.

So then… what was the next step?

Did I venture out on my own, self-publish? I already had an audience, so it was definitely an option. But hiring editors, marketing, graphics… none of that shit appealed to me. I just wanted to write.

But on my own terms.

Which, in a typical contract, would be a problem.

I pushed out a sigh, and stared at my computer screen. It was prompting me for a password, which I already knew I wasn’t about to type. There was too much on my mind tonight to even think about writing.

The future of my career was a large part of it.

Toni was… equally distracting.

Even though she’d spent the last seven years traveling, her lack of contact over that period should have made it clear to me that she wasn’t interested in making up. She didn’t want to resolve the tension between us, so we could go back to being what we were. That was a hard, bitter ass pill to swallow.

So I hadn’t.

I wouldn’t.

Especially now that she was actually in my space again.

I wasn’t accepting the end of seventeen years of friendship without walking away feeling like I’d done everything I could. And unless I was way off base, the fact that she was still pissed meant she still cared… which meant there was still something.

Somewhere.

I flipped the laptop closed, and stood up. As I did, my phone chimed to remind me I had a lunch meeting with the primary object of my thoughts.

The first date for the signing at her parent’s bookstore, Tones & Tomes, hadn’t worked out. Between the book release being late, the changes to my travel schedule, and life in general, we’d had to push it back. But moving the date meant more time to plan. And for Marjorie and Greg, it meant the ability to recruit help:

Toni.

Now that she was here, we were supposed to be working directly together to make this signing happen. I didn’t want my agent or anyone from the publisher handling it. This was my hometown event, in a bookstore where I’d basically grown up, hosted by owners I considered family. I didn’t want the “corporation” that was Lion Literary anywhere near an event that meant so much.

But, that meant working with Toni.

I was 99.9% certain it was a burden to her, but me?

I considered it an opportunity to finally set things right.





Two.





I let out a deep, heavy sigh as hot water sprayed over me, working out the knots in my aching limbs. I closed my eyes as I turned my back to the spray, briefly considering the consequences of just staying in there forever.

I was tired.

Tired as hell.

The phone call from last night had gotten pushed back even later, which meant I was up in the middle of the night doing business, only to wake up early to help my parents pack up the house. I’d spent the morning there, then rushed back to the hotel to get cleaned up for my meeting with Justin – a meeting I wished I could cancel, because I didn’t want to talk to him.

But this signing was one of the biggest reasons my parents had asked me to come home. And when your aging parents asked for help, you made it happen – no matter that you were in serious dislike with the person they wanted you to deal with.

I sighed again, then shut off the water. Once I’d dried off, and wrapped myself in a robe, I sat on the edge of the bed to rub lotion on as I looked over my dress for the meeting – it was sort of amazing, which fit right in with Rule #28 – Never look less than your best when going into a hostile situation.

Not that I thought Justin was hostile.

No, all the hostility in our situation came straight from me – with good reason. His selfish actions – and asshole tendencies – had ruined our friendship, and I was still pissed about it.

Highly.

So even though we’d never been romantic, and as far as I was concerned would never be, the rule still applied. I planned to look good.

Unexpected check in the mail good.

Fresh from the oven buttermilk biscuits good.

First sex with your man after a long trip good.

On principal.

A glance at the time told me I had about forty minutes before I needed to leave the hotel. I closed my eyes and laid back, intending to take just one last moment to myself, but I had a hard time getting my eyes open.

I blew out a short breath, then picked up my phone from beside me on the bed. I set the alarm to give me ten minutes – just enough time for a power nap.

I tossed the phone back onto the bed and laid back again, closing my eyes. I loved hotel beds – huge and comfortable, with nice sheets and down duvets.

Perfection.

I didn’t waste much of my short ten minutes drifting off – I was asleep in no time. But annoyance ripped through me when, four minutes later according to my phone, pounding at the door to my suite interrupted my nap.

A groan escaped my lips as the knocking continued, and I dragged myself up out of bed to the door. A quick peek through the peephole brought a frown to my face.

What the hell is he doing here?

I belted my robe a little tighter, then pulled the door open to Justin’s annoyingly handsome face. “Why are you here? We’re supposed to be meeting at a restaurant. Neutral ground.”

“I’m here to talk,” he said, sidling past me into the room.

I quickly covered my chest with my arm, hiding the strain of my nipples against the thin fabric of my robe. “That’s what the meeting is for. I’ll see you in thirty-five minutes, at the restaurant where we agreed to have this meeting.”

“It can’t wait. And I’m not here to talk about the signing, I’m here to talk about me and you.”

I gave him a dry laugh. “There is no me and you, Justin. And that’s on you. You’re the one who stabbed me in the back.”

He scoffed, shaking his head. “How long are you going to stay mad at me? Huh? The shit happened seven years ago!”

“And I will stay mad as long as I please,” I shot back, nostrils flared. My anger faltered, into confusion, then arousal, as he stepped toward me, closing the small space between us. I backed up, he stepped forward, and we repeated that dance until my back was against the wall, and he was so close that my breasts were a heavy breath away from grazing his chest. “Justin… what are you doing?”

“I don’t think you’re really that pissed,” he said, ignoring my question as he brought a hand to my cheek, brushing a thumb over my skin. “I think you’ve just gotten used to being mad, and aren’t ready to embrace a different emotion.”

I swallowed hard, damn near whimpering as his hands dropped, slipping under my robe to grip my ass. “What kind of emotion?”

He didn’t answer. He just grinned, then lowered his mouth to mine and kissed me.

It was supposed to feel like being kissed by your brother.

That’s what I’d always pictured, the odd times I allowed my imagination to take me there, and wonder. I’d experienced a “spark” before, probably more than my fair share. Justin and I didn’t have that. We were friends. Capital F-R-I-E-N-D-S, that was all. No chemistry, no oomph.

Only… this kiss was oomph-y as hell.

He gently nibbled on my bottom lip, an action I took as a request for entry. I granted it, and he slipped his tongue inside, licking into my mouth to taste me. His fingers dug into my ass cheeks as he easily lifted me off the ground, hooking my legs around his waist to press me into the wall. I moaned as he deepened the kiss, gasped when he moved a hand between my legs to play in the wetness he’d created there.

I arched into his touch, rocking my hips in time to the rhythm he’d created. My mouth fell open as he lowered his mouth to my neck, sucking and biting and kissing while he stroked me with his fingers. I pressed my head against the wall, closing my eyes as blissful pleasure began to build in my core.

“Jus,” I breathed. “What the hell are we doing? Where did this come from?”

He nipped my collarbone before he raised his head to meet my eyes, and shrugged. “Hell if I know. This is a dream, Tee – everything that happens is coming from your subconscious. So that’s a question you have to ask yourself.”

What the hell??

I shot up from my prone position on the bed, panting as my gaze darted around the room.

There was no one else there.

I blew out a sigh, then ran a hand through my disheveled hair as I reached for my phone to shut off the blaring alarm. The gift of quiet enveloped me for about two seconds before a loud knock sounded at the door.

I climbed out of bed and made my way to the door, unnerved by the sense of déjà vu that played in my head. My heart was racing by the time I put my face up to the peephole, and I audibly gasped when I saw who was on the other side of the hotel door.

The nervous butterflies that erupted in my stomach pissed me off – I’d spent seventeen years seeing all of Justin, good, bad, and ugly. He’d never made me feel like this.

Wasn’t supposed to be able to, because he was my friend.

So what the hell had chang—oh.

Right.

Our friendship status.

Which was his fault.

Which made what was happening now his damned fault too. Never in my life had I experienced that kind of dream about Justin – certainly not when we were on good terms. But as soon as he comes into my space again, after all these years, my mind decides it’s a good time to play tricks on me?

I narrowed my eyes.

I really couldn’t stand his ass.

I unlocked the door and flung it open, catching him by surprise as he raised his hand to knock again.

“What the hell are you doing here?” I asked, not bothering to adjust my tone.

One thick eyebrow lifted. “Making sure your mean ass is okay,” he answered, looking me up and down. I crossed my arms over my chest when his gaze lingered there.

“I’m perfectly fine.”

He looked away from me when I said that, focusing on something over my shoulder. “I thought we were meeting at one o’clock.”

“Right. One o’clock at… Grill Me In.”

His gaze came back to my face when I said the name of the restaurant. A grin played at the corners of lips that had never quite struck me as kissable… until now. I had to look away. I knew why his ass was smiling.

Seven years ago, I would have been thrilled by the restaurant, which he’d chosen. Not only was it vegetarian, but the name also brought 90s R&B to mind – an obsession we both shared. The lyrics to Craig David’s Fill Me In had been playing in my head since my eyes landed on the restaurant name in our email exchange.

But this wasn’t seven years ago. I wasn’t impressed by his thoughtfulness in choosing a place that would fit my dietary preferences, and I had no plans to bond over R&B nostalgia. I wanted to get this signing over with, so he could leave me alone.

“So why are you here?” I asked. “I hope you didn’t plan on walking me to the restaurant.”

He gave me a confused look. “What…? Toni… you realize it’s after two o’clock, right?”

My eyes went wide. “Excuse me?”

I turned around, searching out the big clock that hung on one of the suite’s walls. Right before my eyes, the minute hand moved one line past the five.

The hour hand was firmly seated at two.

“Shit,” I muttered, then turned to see that Justin was wearing a smug grin. I swallowed the bitterness of what I had to say next, and suppressed the need to roll my eyes. “I’m sorry. I intended to just close my eyes for a few minutes, and…I’m sorry. How did you even know where to find me?”

“I called the bookstore looking for you, and your mother answered. She told me where you were staying and all of that.”

I nodded. Of course she had. “Can we reschedule? Are you busy tomorrow?”

He shrugged as he met my gaze. “I still need to eat something today.”

Why the hell did those words send a shiver up my spine, and remind me of the wetness between my legs from that dream? I cleared my throat, and took my gaze away from his.

“Right. If you want to come in to wait, you can.”

“Sure your fiancé won’t mind?”

I bit the inside of my jaw, holding back the retort I wanted to give. “Are you waiting in here, or waiting in the lobby?”

“I’ll wait here.”

Crap.

I tried not to inhale too much as he stepped in, but it was no use. He’d worn the same cologne for the past ten years. A scent my brain had permanently connected to him – leather and linen and vanilla and cedar and so many other subtle undertones that it was hard to identify. I’d always thought it was heavenly.

Today, it was damn near erotic.

“I’m going to get dressed,” I announced, hurrying toward the bedroom of my suite. “I’ll be right out.”

I couldn’t slide those doors closed quickly enough.

“Get it together, Tee,” I mumbled to myself, then hustled to the closet to pull out my dress. It was already pressed, so I only had to put it on, and get myself to the bathroom to do something about my hair, put on some eyeliner or something, and get my jewelry on. It took me less than twenty minutes to get dressed, since I had everything I needed prepared in advance – Rule #17: If you stay ready, you don’t have to get ready. I sat down on the edge of the bed and took a mental inventory as I put my shoes on.

Two minutes later, I pulled open the sliding doors that separated the bedroom from the rest of the suite.

Justin’s back was to me, and he was on the phone, doing what sounded like making arrangements for his daughter to be picked up from school. A pang of guilt struck me in the chest – that probably wouldn’t have been necessary if I hadn’t overslept, creating a need for our meeting to get pushed back.

The credit for any organization skills I had belonged directly to him. Even as a child, everything needed to be just so with him. Everything neat, and in place – a trait that drove me crazy at first, but proved itself useful for managing the AP classes we shared, starting in junior high. He valued time, and taught me to value it too – especially time that wasn’t mine. I was pissed at myself for missing the meeting, but a different, less expected concern nagged at the back of my mind.

Had I disappointed him?

It made me a little sick to my stomach that I was starting the business of conducting this signing with a mistake. I was supposed to be faultless here. He was supposed to be basking in the aura of my amazingness, with everything I did leaving him filled with more regret. Already – because the date had been chosen and announced, and we were already advertising this thing – he was getting the treatment I usually reserved for my authors. All of my little promotional tools, marketing secrets, personal touches, etc, were getting put to use for him, so he could see exactly what his decision to stab me in the back was costing him.

That fancy ass publisher of his wouldn’t have taken a moment to honor his mother.

They wouldn’t make sure his favorite snacks – not that crackers and cheese shit – were waiting in the back.

They wouldn’t have gotten in touch with our old classmates, the local radio station, etc, to make sure he had a big turnout, and felt the love of the community he’d grown up in.

I knew all of this, because I’d done my research. They treated him (and all of their authors, except the quirky white cash cows) like an employee – no, like he was someone they were doing a favor for, and he should just be grateful to be there. There was no sense of community, no sense of family – the exact opposite of the way I ran my business.

I shook my head. I’d had this internal rant more times than I cared to remember, usually with a glass of wine, and Mary J Blige I Can Love You Better playing in my head.

Or blasting from the speakers, on repeat.

But I hadn’t done that in a while.

I finally stepped out of the doorway as Justin’s conversation went on. As I moved to the counter to gather my laptop bag and purse, I realized that he was talking to his father, which made me smile. Growing up, Big Joe had been something like a favorite uncle to me, and his mother, Priscilla, a loving aunt. I could talk to them when I couldn’t talk to my parents. His brothers were like my cousins. And Justin himself?

My very best friend.

I blinked back sudden tears, and swallowed the lump in my throat before it could build. Even though I tamped down the physical evidence, it didn’t change the ache that I’d been living with for the past seven years.

I missed my friend.

I sat down at the counter, watching him as I tried to figure out what was going on in my head. In all the time we spent together, there had never been a moment where I found myself thinking about Justin sexually. Maybe because of how long we’d been friends. Maybe because we were both serial monogamists, and had never been single together. Things blossomed between friends all the time, it wasn’t like that was some rare thing. But… that wasn’t us. We were for real friends.

And yet… here I was. A prickle of awareness on my skin, butterflies in my stomach, heat between my legs… undeniably physically attracted to the man I used to call my best friend.

I stood up, intending to go back into the bedroom to let myself… cool off. But my movements seemed to finally catch Justin’s attention, and when he turned in my direction, his reaction froze me to the spot. He recovered quickly, putting on a neutral expression, but not before I saw the way his eyes lit up. Felt his gaze rake over me in a way that wasn’t friendly, at all. Read his lips as he mouthed “damn” to himself.

Heat rushed to my face.

I was blushing.

Over Justin.

Father God, help.

I looked down at my feet as Justin ended his call.

“You ready to go?” he asked, and I nodded as I lifted my head.

But neither of us moved. Instead, we stared.

“You look amazing,” he said, breaking the silence.

“So do you.”

Again, neither of us said anything for several moments, and Justin pushed his hands into his pockets.

“Toni… I—”

“I just want to get us through this signing,” I interrupted, holding up my hands. “We only have a few weeks, and we have these last details to work out. I think we should focus on that. Just that.”

He pushed out a harsh sigh, but nodded.

“Okay. Let’s go.”



~



Things were awkward.

I hated when things were awkward, but it was 100% more annoying for things to be awkward with someone that was supposed to be my friend. That was another thing that kept playing in my head – we were supposed to still be friends. We’d put in the work to build something that was intended to be lifelong, and it had gotten all messed up.

Because of him.

Hmmmm…. This was a good path for my mind to take, as we walked the short distance to the restaurant. It reminded me that I was pissed at him.

First for the betrayal, then for the dream, now for these annoying ass feelings coursing through me. His list of offenses was adding up fast.

He held the door for me when we got the restaurant, which was gentlemanly – he always had been – but then I caught his reflection in the mirrors that flanked the hostess stand. His eyes had gone to – had stuck to – my ass as I passed him, which brought a fresh round of heat to my face.

I averted my gaze as he approached the stand to get us a table. A few moments later, we were seated, and had drink orders put in.

“Okay, so let’s get right to it, shall we?” I asked, pulling my tablet from my laptop bag to take notes. “I’m assuming you already have banners, table signage, all of that. But, if Tones & Tomes is hosting this signing, I don’t want the Lion Literary name or logo on anything. Your books being the exception, because there’s no way around that.”

Justin raised an eyebrow. “I… don’t know if that’s going to be possible. They’re my publisher, and they’re paying for this signing, which I already had to damn near beg for. I can’t tell them they can’t put their name on it – they want their name on everything. Hell, I’d have their logo tattooed on my forehead if it were up to them.”

I shrugged. “I don’t care what they want. The store will pay for it.”

Justin pulled his head back, surprised. “It will?”

“Yes. We’ve already done the marketing, gotten the word out, placed the catering orders, and everything else. Paying for a few signs won’t be a problem. But we’re not hosting Lion Literary, who I want no affiliation with. We’re hosting you. So that’s where the focus should be.”

“I’ll at least make the request—”

“No, don’t ask them for anything. Except for maybe a few special edition hardcovers that you can use for a giveaway, unless you have some at home. The store has already ordered paperbacks to have in stock. If you have any other swag – tote bags, pens, buttons, tee shirts, anything else, we’ll need that, as long as they don’t have Lion branding on them.”

“Okay.”

“Do you have any specific accommodations that you need? A certain brand of water in your dressing room?”

“Dressing room?” he asked, eyebrow raised. “I’m getting a dressing room?”

I stopped typing on the tablet to look up. “Yes… we’re working on consolidating the storage at the store, and by the time of the signing, there will be an empty office that we’ll use moving forward as a space for authors to have some peace. Signings can get hectic when you’re popular, and you’re a hometown hero around here. You’ll need it. Unless you don’t want it?”

“No,” he shook his head. “It’s not that at all. I’ve just never gotten that accommodation, unless it was a TV appearance.”

I nodded. “Yes, well… I believe in taking good care of my authors. I mean, the store believes. In that. In taking care of the authors.”

“I got you. How many people are we expecting?”

“When I last checked the registration, it was at 312 people, between the morning and evening sessions. We’re charging a five dollar registration fee, just to make sure they’re serious, but they get a five dollar coupon to the store when they register, so it’s essentially free.”

“That’s a good idea.”

“Thank you. So,” I said, “Um… about that signage. I’m thinking maybe a nice blue? It would look good with all of the covers from the series, and it looks good against your skin. I think it would make a nice backdrop.”

“I’ll defer to your expertise. You’re good at this.”

Our food was delivered before I could embarrass myself over the compliment. While we ate, we discussed promotional event pricing for the books, space arrangement, and other logistics we needed to figure out.

I found out after the meal that Justin had already made arrangements to pay, knowing that I would have argued with him over the check. I bit my tongue to keep from arguing with him over whether or not I would have argued, and stood to gather my bags.

Outside, there was another short moment of awkwardness before Justin stepped in front me.

“Hey… thank you, for doing this for me. Facilitating and all,” he said, then ran his tongue over his lips.

I shrugged. “It’s nothing. My parents adore you, and we can barely keep your books in stock at the store, they get snapped up so fast. Hosting a signing for you is a no-brainer. You’ve done great. Built a name for yourself. Everybody around here is proud of you.”

“Everybody?”

Shit.

There were those pesky-ass butterflies again, and their friend – the lump in my throat. Did he think I wasn’t proud of him? He’d recently been profiled in Read That or Nah?, a black literary magazine, and the interview had been conducted by the man we both referred to as “The Blueprint” – Mr. Eric Jerome Dickey, who’d made it clear that even he was a fan. Justin had racked up several bestseller titles, had been on the cover of Sugar&Spice magazine, had talked to friggin’ Oprah. According to my research, the movie adaptation of his first project – which also happened to be the first thing published through Scattered Seeds – would start filming early next year.

“Of course, Justin.”

Instead of a verbal response, he just nodded. A few seconds later, his arms were around me, pulling me into a hug that felt so much like home it brought tears to my eyes. I eased away from him, not meeting his eyes as I turned in the direction of the hotel.

“So, I’ll get back with you in a few days about the signage, and see what you have for the giveaway. Okay?”

“Okay.”

I didn’t say goodbye.

I hurried down the street, trying to make it to the hotel before my ability not to burst into tears dissolved. I’d already cried so much over Justin that I didn’t want to give in. I didn’t want to still be hurt. I didn’t want to still be pissed.

But here we were.

All I wanted to do, was get the damn signing done, help my parents move, and get the store back in order. I’d mentally prepared for this. I’d talked and thought my way through this so many times. But now that I was here, now that I actually had to be around him, and see his face, now that he wasn’t out of sight out of mind, now that I had to feel the full effects of just how much I missed him…

I realized it was going to be harder than I thought.





Three.



“You’re killing me here, Justin. Killing me.”

I laughed, running a hand over my face as I looked away from my computer screen, and at the phone, which was on speaker. “I’d apologize , but…”

“You’re not sorry. You do understand what my job is, right?”

“I do, but you’re going to tell me again anyway.”

“Damn right,” Anthony shot back. “At the core, my presence in your world is for the sole purpose of getting you a contract. Lion Literary is offering you a contract. Get this – without a book in hand. They don’t even care what your next book is about, they just know they want it. The offer they made is nice, Justin. Very nice. And yet you aren’t interested , for some unknown reason—”

“The reasons aren’t unknown.”

“I could have sworn they were.”

I chuckled, and shook my head as I reclined back in my office chair. “You know damn well what my reasons are.”

“You know, you’re right. I heard the words that you said, and recognized them as English. Beyond that…”

“Anthony, come on man. You’re acting like I want something that’s out of line with reality.”

“Because you do.”

I stood up from my chair and grabbed my water bottle to refill. “No. The people who you’re dealing with just aren’t offering it. I’m at a point in my career where I’m not really interested in writing for a publisher that can’t – or just fucking won’t – give me any TLC. I’m well known, well-respected… I’m past the point where I can accept being told what to do, and be led around like a puppet. I want to develop my voice, I want to write whatever crazy shit I want to write. And I want my publisher’s support while I’m doing it, even if it’s not a sure thing.

They gave that white girl they just signed a million dollar advance and a “creative assistant” for telling recycled jokes from black comedians and being… quirky or whatever the fuck. Huge push for her book, that she isn’t even writing – the “creative assistant” is. I can’t even get them to send advance review copies of my books to black publications and I’ve been making them money for six and a half years, but she – and others like her- gets the whole world at her feet. It’s time to move on.”

I picked up the phone to carry it with me as I ventured into the kitchen, where Bri was sitting at her computer with her headphones on. I looked over her shoulder at the screen as she worked through a math problem, then went to the fridge as Anthony droned in my ear.

“That’s that idealism speaking. She’s a passably cute white “feminist” – a darling these days. Respect, but… your black ass writes black fiction about black people. Contemporary fiction. That’s not the type of thing that makes headlines.”

I scoffed. “But it’s the type of thing that makes money. So they can turn around and put all their energy into another eight-hundred-page struggle epic for people to pretend to read. But whatever – they can do that. They can do whatever they want. And I won’t be there for it.”

“And where will you be?”

“Somewhere that values me, and what I do – and I’m not talking about a number on a check.”

“The number is still important though… right?”

I planted a kiss on Bri’s forehead, and she grinned as she looked up, then went back to her activity. “Not like it once was. My situation was different when I signed that first contract. I’ve grown since then, built a name for myself. My needs have changed.”

“I’d love to hear where you think you’ll have those needs met.”

I chuckled as I headed back down the hall to my office. “Find a place, Anthony. That’s your job. I want input on my cover design, full creative control of my projects, and a higher royalty split. A big advance isn’t important to me.”

“You want a unicorn, then.”

“That negative attitude won’t get you anywhere, now will it?”

He sucked his teeth on the other end of the line. “This isn’t negative. This is realistic. Nobody is going to give you that.”

I dropped into my chair, and woke my computer up, staring thoughtfully at the screen. “That’s not true. We just have to find the right somebody.”

“I…” he sighed. “I’m going home to my husband. Where things make sense. I’ll keep you updated.”

“Please do.”

“Are you at least working on something? A new book would make people very excited, and excited people make buzz, and buzz makes editors concede to ridiculous demands.”

I laughed. “I am, but I’m not telling you shit.”

“How am I supposed to shop a book you won’t tell me about?”

“Work some magic,” I shot back, shaking my head. “I don’t want you telling Lion Literary anything about my book.”

“So you don’t trust me?”

“Oh I trust you plenty. But I know you too. I’m not interested in Lion. Find somebody else.”

We ended our phone call just as my doorbell rang, and I sighed. I’d been trying since I got home from meeting Toni to add some words to my manuscript, but between tending to Bri, talking to my agent, and now, unexpected guests, it didn’t seem to be a likely occurrence.

I got up and went to the door, frowning when I saw who was waiting on the other side.

“Professor,” I said, when I opened the door for Imara Bryant – my father’s girlfriend, and my brother’s girlfriend’s mother. I still need to put that in a book. “Is everything okay?”

“Yes, of course,” she smiled. “And I apologize for showing up unannounced, but there’s something I’d like to speak to you about, if you have a moment.”

I shrugged. “Uh… yeah, I guess. Come in.”

I stepped aside to let her in, and when I turned around from closing the door, saw Bri peeking around the doorway to the kitchen. Imara spotted her at the same time, and immediately stretched her arms in that direction, making a huge smile spread across my little girl’s face before she ran to meet her.

Barely dating for a year, and she was already part of the family.

“Go on back in the kitchen and finish your Lexia activity on the computer, Bri.”

“I wanna talk to Miss ‘Mara,” she whined, and I lifted an eyebrow.

“What did I say?”

Bri poked out her bottom lip about it, but wiggled out of Imara’s embrace to go back to the kitchen. Once she was gone, I pointed Imara toward the couch, then took a seat on the chair opposite from her.

“So,” I asked. “What’s up?”

Imara pushed out a sigh as she rested clasped hands on top of her crossed legs. “Well, I came to you with this, because over the time that I’ve known your family, it has become clear to me that you are the most protective of your father. And, along those lines, I’ve gotten the impression that you don’t like me.”

She said that, and then gave me a pointed look. Her expression was still pleasant, her demeanor unruffled as always, but she’d essentially just demanded to know if I approved of her – or rather, her relationship with my father. And honestly…

“I could see how you might arrive at that conclusion. And your impression isn’t without merit.”

“Okay. Why?”

I lifted an eyebrow. “Why what?”

“Why don’t you like me?”

I shook my head. “I… I wouldn’t so much say that I don’t like you. It’s more like, I’m not sure about you with my father. I’m concerned that he’s rushing into this relationship with you as a tool to get past his grief over my mother’s death.”

She blinked. “Oh. Wow. Not quite what I was expecting to hear, but I am glad to know how you feel. Although… I completely disagree with you.”

“I’m sure you do. I mean, in the what… eleven months, maybe a year that you’ve known my father, I’m sure you know him so much better than I do.”

Imara gave a dry laugh. “You forget that I knew Joe via our online friendship for several years before we met in person. While I would never set forth the notion that I know him better than his children, let us be clear – I know your father very, very well. So well, in fact, that the core of my reason for coming here is because I would like to spend the rest of my life with him, and I was hoping to have your blessing before I proposed the idea to him.”

“Before you proposed the… are you planning to ask my father to marry you?”

A smile spread across her face. “Something like that.”

“Wow. Wow.” I stood up, pacing the length of the room. “Wow.”

“Based on your reaction, I’m going to assume you have some concerns about that.”

I threw my head back, to laugh. “Yes. Please. Assume that. You should.”

She stood up too, coming to stand with me in front of the window. “Ok. Well let’s hear it then. Let’s talk it out, and whether or not we come to an agreement, at least everything will be in the open. What’s your problem?”

“I told you what my problem is. Last year, my father was still in mourning for my mother. Hell, the week before you popped up out of nowhere, he was still mourning. Now, all of a sudden, he’s hiking, and rafting, going to jazz clubs and shit. He was a quiet man. And now he’s…”

“Living his life? Enjoying the rest of the years that he can hike, and raft, and “go to jazz clubs and shit”? Are you really upset about that?”

I shook my head. “No, I’m not upset about that, I just…”

“Hate the idea that your adult father, who loved your mother, God rest her soul, is moving on from her, to love someone else? Is that in the right vicinity?”

“It’s in the vicinity of shit that will make me put your ass out of my house.”

Imara smirked. “Oh, you don’t have to threaten me with a good time, Justin. I didn’t come here to be accused of… whatever slight you think I’ve committed by being incredibly fond of, and enjoying time with, your father. Your mother passed away almost five years ago. Your father has grieved, and when he and I met, he was tired of grieving. And yes, I was glad to distract him from it. But our relationship isn’t based on that. I love your father, and he loves me. Your father and I have both been married before, not to mention the fact that neither of us is getting younger. We are very clear on what we want, and what we want, is each other.”

I shrugged. “I don’t know what you want me to say.”

“I don’t want you to say anything, I want you to not interfere. You’ve been clear about where you stand, so I will too – I have every intention of spending the rest of my life with your father.”

Her glossy eyes and strained voice made me check myself. She really was upset about this, which I didn’t get. If she loved him, and was going to propose anyway – which, with my father? Hah. Good luck – why did it matter what I thought?

“You boys are so important to him,” she continued, when I hadn’t responded. “And as such, you’re important to me. Jason and Joey have embraced me, and I just… I don’t understand why you and I haven’t been able to bridge that gap too. He feels guilty, you know? Not like he’s letting your mother down. He’s at peace about that, whether you believe me or not. But the three of you… You, Jason, Joey… but mostly you. He worries that you think he betrays her, by pursuing me. I make your father happy, Justin. And I know you see that too. I came here for your blessing, not because I need it, for anything. Because he does. Who are you to decide for him that he wasn’t ready, that it was too soon? To decide that he hadn’t been broken quite long enough? It seems to me that it’s not about him being ready at all. It’s about you not being ready to see him with someone else. How selfish.”

I shook my head, letting out a dry laugh as I raised my hands. “You’re entitled to feel how you feel, Professor.”

She rolled her eyes, then turned to pick up her purse. “Do you mind if I say goodbye to Bri?”

“She would be disappointed if you didn’t.”

Imara nodded, then disappeared into my kitchen to talk to my little girl.

As soon as she was gone, I turned back to the window, running over the conversation in my mind. Her words had bothered me more than I let on, because… maybe there was some truth there. Had I gotten so used to my father being alone, and in mourning, that I was opposed to his new relationship out of resistance to change, instead of having a reason that was actually principled?

Nothing Imara said was off base. My brain couldn’t form any arguments against the relationship that weren’t founded on “I don’t think he’s ready” And as she’d said… who was I to decide?

I turned around at the sound of Imara’s heels on the floor as she headed to the front to leave. “Thank you for your time,” she called, not stopping as she moved to the door.

I sprang into action, heading to reach her. “Hold up, Professor,” I said, meeting her at the door. “Listen… I didn’t mean to upset you, okay? And honestly, I haven’t meant to make you feel as if you were disliked, either. You make my father happy, you’re good to my brothers, and you’re good to my baby girl. So… you’re good by me, alright?”

She raised an eyebrow. “Is this a peace treaty?”

“Were we at war?”

She smirked. “Only in my mind.”

I laughed. “Well… yes, I guess. This is a peace treaty. I don’t know that you’re going to like my father’s response to a proposal, but if you want to do it… fine. You have my blessing.”

Her eyes lit up. “Are you serious??”

“Yes.”

“Oh my goodness, you’ve just made my whole day!” she exclaimed, then grabbed my face, kissing me on both cheeks in a way that was distinctly… motherly. And I was very, very shocked that I didn’t hate it.

Maybe her excitement was just contagious.

“Oh, I have so much to do to prepare,” she said, grinning up at me. “Now that it seems we’ve made a tiny step towards each other, could I maybe ask a favor?”

I chuckled, then blew out a sigh. “I… yeah, I guess. What’s up?”

She smiled a little bigger, eyes brimming with excitement.

“Do you think you could help me pick out a ring?”

Somehow, I ended up agreeing to that. Imara’s excitement was kind of infectious, and for the first time since I knew she existed, I pushed the worry about my father being “ready” aside. Hearing her talk about my father, expertly detailing his likes and dislikes to help make her decision, with this starry look in her eyes… I could see why he liked her.

We made plans to visit a store in the next few weeks, and I agreed to her promise not to say anything. Bri bounced up to me about five seconds after the door closed behind Imara, declaring that she was finished with her Lexia levels for the night. I set her up in the kitchen with the TV and a snack for her last thirty minutes before her bedtime routine started, then headed back to my office and sat down.

To stare at the screen.

There was no way I was getting anything done in thirty minutes. It would take me half of that to even clear my head and focus.

I was getting ready to get up, and go watch TV with Bri when my phone chimed, notifying me of an email.

From Toni.

A name I rarely saw in my inbox anymore.

Personal feelings aside, it was honestly impressive how effectively Toni had removed herself from my life. It was a hallmark of just how much I’d hurt her, and I had to come to terms with that fact. No matter how good my intentions were, it remained that I wounded her badly enough that she broke one of the rules she made – Rule #16 – Friends don’t hold grudges against friends.

I was young.

I was stupid.

I was stressed the hell out, and just trying to do what I thought was best. Looking at it now, maybe I could – or should – have handled it differently, but… Toni had come so far with her business. Progress that maybe would have never come about if I hadn’t made the decisions I did.

I had so many ways to justify my actions, but when it came down to it… I hurt her. Point blank. Enough that she’d put me on ice. No seeing her face, no phone calls, no emails, no texts, no nothing, until now.

With one notable exception.

When my mother died, she was there. Came to the house and served people at the wake, sat behind me at the funeral, with her hand on my back. Squeezed my hand at the burial.

We didn’t talk then. I wasn’t really in a place to, and I could safely assume she was still mad. Justifiably mad. I’d just... never expected her to stay so mad, so long.

But here we were.

A dry ass email about banners for the signing, with none of the warmth we used to share. It could never be said that Toni didn’t know how to handle business – she was putting more effort into this signing than my actual publisher ever had.

I knew that it was partially on behalf of the bookstore, because that was her parent’s business, and part of her legacy. Of course she would make sure it was done right. Or, not just right – exceptionally well. Another one of the rules she’d put in place – Rule #78 – Don’t half-ass anything. Commit.

Shit.

Maybe that’s why she’d been pissed so long?

In any case, she’d been clear about wanting to just get through the signing, but I could tell there was more feeling there than that. When she’d opened the door to her hotel room – looking hot as hell – there was something there. When she was talking details for the signing, there was something there. When I hugged her before we parted... there was a lot there.

I just needed to bring it out.

I leaned back in my chair, tapping my fingers on the phone as I sifted through my thoughts. I’d already established that it was time – past time – to get my friend back. The question was… how?

But I already knew that answer.

With the release of my last book, I was free and clear from any ongoing obligation to Lion Literary.

It was time for Toni and me to have a little talk.





Four





“So tell me… are you gonna take that baby off your titty long enough to have a drink with me or not?”

Aviva – my cousin – rolled her eyes as she handed five-month-old baby Avery to the man she’d described over the phone as her “teddy bear”. He looked it too - big, handsome, and the color of light brown sugar. From the way he accepted Avery into his arms like she was his, grinning at her with obvious love in his eyes, it was easy to see why Aviva was so enamored.

“I’m going to keep that in mind when you have a little munchkin hanging off your nipple,” she warned as she stood up from the couch, checking her appearance in the mirror.

I snorted. “Yeah. You do that.”

She shot me another scowl, then turned back to her man and her baby on the couch. We were in her townhouse – her first purchase after becoming a doctor – getting ready to have dinner, which we hadn’t been able to do in years because of my absence.

“You sure you two are going to be okay without me?” she asked Eric, who reached to grab her ass as soon as she was close enough. They were adorable, and had been all over each other – this big, broad-shouldered man, with my petite beauty of a cousin.

Eric looked down at the baby sleeping in the crook of his arm, then back up at Vi. “I might not, but I’ll make sure Avery is. If I need anything, I’ll call Devyn. She could use the practice.”

Aviva grinned, leaning into him for a kiss. It felt voyeuristic, watching their private moment, but I didn’t look away. It was beautiful, just being able to observe them together, absorbed in the kind of moment I missed.

“Okay, I’m ready,” Vi said, standing up straight after she and Eric finished exchanging some quiet words, meant just for each other. Between love and motherhood, her face was glowing, and her energy was just… happy. I found myself having to fight back a stab of envy.

I loved the hell out of Vi, and was thrilled that she seemed to be settled into her role as a mother, and had found love at the same time. Even though she was a little older than me, I’d always imagined us embarking on both of those journeys together. Engaged at the same time, pregnant at the same time, crying at each other’s weddings, play dates with our kids.

I swallowed a sigh.

At least things were lining up for one of us.

I placed a soft kiss on Avery’s sleeping forehead, then waved goodbye to Eric as Aviva pulled me out the door. It wasn’t until we were strapped into the car that Aviva said anything.

“So what’s your problem?” she asked, looking both ways as she pulled out of her driveway.

I eyed her from my place in the passenger seat. “What are you talking about? I don’t have a problem.”

She cackled. “Oh girl please. You absolutely have a problem. I couldn’t tell through the phone, but it’s all over your face. I’ve just been waiting for the right time to ask you, when Aunt Marjorie wasn’t around. And… here we are. So spill it. What’s up with you?”

“Nothing.”

“Bullshit.” She turned to me as she pulled to a stop at a light. “This is about Russell, isn’t it?”

I rolled my eyes, watching the passing scenery as we started moving again. “I am not thinking about goddamned Russell.”

“Uh, wow.”

As soon as those words crossed her lips, I realized my mistake, and closed my eyes, pressing a hand to my forehead as I leaned against the door.

“So, that’s what’s hot these days in engagement? Not thinking about your goddamned fiancée, Tee?? Girl, if you don’t tell me what’s going on, I swear I will turn this car around.”

I sucked my teeth. “And do what exactly? Spank me?”

“Yes. I will whoop your ass if you keep lying about nothing being wrong with you!”

Opening my eyes, I turned to her. “Actually, that’s not really a lie. It’s a universal cue for “I don’t want to talk about this shit” that you ignored.”

“Antoinette Michelle-”

“We broke up, okay?” I snapped, hands in the air. “We couldn’t stop fighting about starting a family, and we just… weren’t on the same page. So we called it off. Which is fine.”

Aviva was quiet for several moments as we rolled past the gray brick buildings of the Blakewood State University campus, then shook her head. “How can that be fine, Toni? You loved that man enough to agree to marry him. Introduced him to your family. You don’t have to say you’re fine with it, if you’re not.”

“I am fine with it, I just don’t want to talk about it. It was months ago. I’m ready to move on.”

“Months ago?? And you didn’t say anything? Are you out of your mind?”

I scoffed. “No, I don’t believe so. I actually think that not telling my dramatic ass cousin, who would have told her dramatic ass mama, who would’ve told my dramatic ass mama, was pretty damned smart. It gave me time to be at peace with the breakup on my own, without hearing your mouths.”

“We aren’t that bad!”

“You still won’t leave me alone about Justin, and it’s been almost seven years.”

“Because your ass is wrong about Justin.”

“I don’t want to talk about him.”

“Fine, then tell me what the hell happened between you and Russell. You had that man following you all over the world, in love with your used luggage tags, but you two broke up over when to start a family?”

I sighed. “I don’t want to talk about that either.”

“Fine, then we’re talking about Justin. I can’t believe you’re still mad at him for signing with Lion. Stop being a hater and let that man make his money.”

“It was never about money!” I bellowed, instantly infuriated by the suggestion. “Not for me, that is.”

“That sure is what it looked like from my end.”

“Then maybe your ass needs glasses,” I shot back, crossing my arms. “Or a hearing aide, or whatever. But if you’re trying to tell me I have no right to be angry, I’m telling you that you’re full of shit.”

Aviva laughed. “I’m just telling you what everybody said when you up and left, right after the news broke that Justin had gotten that big book deal. It sure seemed like you were mad about that.”

“Well, that wasn’t the case. At least… not entirely. It wasn’t that simple.”

“You sure? Cause you being petty and staying mad at your best friend for seven years because he chose a bigger book deal over what your small press could offer at the time seems simple as hell to me.”

“You’re acting like I don’t have a right to be mad at him backstabbing me!”

“Not for seven damn years!”

“Oh please. If your best friend decided to marry a man who’d screwed you over, you’re telling me you wouldn’t be done with them?”

“It’s not the same thing.”

“It is the same thing. Now imagine your friend didn’t even bother to tell you – you found out from the internet.”

We pulled to another red light, and Aviva raised an eyebrow as she turned to me. “You found out about his deal on the internet?”

“Yes. I’m not just mad for the hell of it – there are levels to this shit. Justin was my best friend, and I’ve never been anything less than supportive. I published his first book, and that shit did well. So well that he’d already agreed to me publishing his next project, but we hadn’t signed a contract or anything for it yet, because it was early. I was getting that experience with the authors I did sign, after him, so we were just going with the flow. I was flying all over the place, meeting people, making connections, I had international authors interested. Scattered Seeds was… blooming. And then, I’m on BookPlug, just browsing their articles, and I run across a list of new contract announcements. Guess whose name I see?”

“Justin Wright.”

“Justin Goddamned Wright. Supposed to be my best friend, yet hadn’t said a single thing to me about even pursuing a contract with someone else, especially not for the book we had a verbal agreement about. It wasn’t like he’d just signed it either – those lists aren’t made in just a night. He hadn’t even bothered to tell me!”

Aviva sighed. “I guess I can see being pissed, but that just sounds like a major miscommunication, at best. Not a reason to end a friendship.”

“Maybe not to you, but to me, it says a lot about what our friendship means. We had a rule about it! Rule #32: If you screw over somebody I care about, I can’t fuck with you. I thought Justin and I were on the same page, but he broke that rule without a second thought.”

“You don’t know that, Toni. You weren’t in his head to know what factored into his decision.”

I scoffed. “Oh please. As soon as I saw that shit, I went to him to talk, to figure out what happened. He was all “it’s just business” and “I thought you’d want to see me succeed”, as if he weren’t signing to a company that tried to ruin me.”

“But it was business, wasn’t it? You may have put him on the map, but his work at Lion is what shot him through the stratosphere. You have to at least admit that.”

I threw my hands up. “I’ve never said anything otherwise. Yes, he became big, fast because of Lion, and I’m not mad about his success, in the least. He’s immensely talented, and it’s not just lip service when I say I’m happy for him – proud of him. But it’s not about him succeeding with someone else. It’s about him blindsiding me. It’s about him getting into bed with a company that hired me just long enough to sign the authors that wanted to work with me, and then fired me and didn’t honor my contract.”

Aviva gasped. “You never told me that!”

“Because it’s embarrassing! They’re the reason I had to start Scattered Seeds from ashes, because they screwed me, no lube. And all the righteous anger Justin had for them went out the window for an advance check. It’s about him not even thinking enough of me to tell me he submitted something to them. That he was thinking of going to a bigger publisher. That he wanted more money. That he wasn’t just thinking about it – that he was doing it. That he’d done it. Maybe none of that is big to you, but that wasn’t the type of thing we did. We didn’t sneak around, we didn’t keep things from each other. And I’m sorry… I don’t know how to look past this, and be friends.”

Aviva pulled into a spot at the restaurant, but I didn’t unclip my seatbelt. I kept my head down, and closed my eyes, trying not to burst into tears after dredging up things I would have much rather left buried.

“Hey,” Aviva said, putting her hand over mine. “So… I get it now. You’re usually on your “strong black woman” thing, so I haven’t heard any of this before, Tee.”

I nodded. “I know.”

“But listen.” She squeezed my hand. “You can’t keep holding on to that anger. It’s been seven years.”

I sniffled. “But my anger is new,” I said, with a dry laugh. “Every time it subsides, and I start missing my friend, wanting to just be over it, so I can call him, and laugh… I just get pissed at him all over again for putting us in this place, when he could’ve just talked to me.”

“So he hasn’t tried to reach out, in all this time?”

I shook my head. “No, he has. And you know I came for the funeral, when his mother passed. But…” I shrugged. “I couldn’t talk to him. I mean… what could he possibly say to make it okay?”

“Maybe nothing back then. Maybe a lot now. Your anger says you still care, and if you care… that’s enough reason to at least have a conversation.”

“I had a conversation with him just a few days ago.”

Aviva scowled. “Not about the signing, smart ass. About you and him. You broke up with your fiancé, Tee. Wouldn’t it be nice to gain a relationship back now?”

“I don’t know about all of that. I can be nice… maybe. But I don’t see anything else happening.”

“Don’t be pessimistic. Justin is a good man, and you know that. Something in him made you want to be his friend from the time you were…how old were you again when Aunt Marjorie and Uncle Greg adopted you?”

“Seven,” I laughed.

“Well there you go. Something kept you calling him your friend, through elementary, high school, college, all of that. I bet that something is still there, if you give it a chance.”

“I’m done talking about this, Vi.”

Aviva raised her hands. “Okay, okay. Let’s go eat. So I can get you liquored up, and you can tell me about Russell.”

“I’m about to call a cab.”

“Okaaaay,” Aviva said, laughing as she grabbed my hand again. “I’ll let you tell me when you’re ready.”

“Thank you.”

“You ready now?”

“Aviva!”

“To go in the restaurant,” she insisted, laughing.

“Uh huh.”

We climbed out of the car, and as soon as we were beside each other, she pulled me into a hug. “I know it’s only supposed to be two months, but I’m glad you’re back, cousin.”

I grinned, and hugged her back.

“Yeah. Me too.”



- & -



“I always wanted this, you know?”

I looked up from my kneeled position at the front counter, where I was rearranging a shelf of newly released black romance. My mother was on the other side, and had just finished checking out a line of customers as the lunchtime busyness calmed down.

“Wanted what?” I asked as I stood up, ignoring the big poster with Justin’s face hanging behind the counter.

She smiled. “This. You being here, instead of God knows where. Working in the store.”

“Well for the next two months, I’m all yours.”

My mother frowned at that. “So you’re holding strong on not making it a longer stay then?”

I rounded the counter to put an arm around her shoulders. “I can’t, mama. I told you. I have to be available for my authors, and that means going where they are. It’s part of my business model.”

“Well isn’t that what you hire people for? To help you run your business, so you can have time for other things?”

I chuckled, then moved to straighten the display of bookmarks on the counter. “I can’t believe you just said that with a straight face after I had to practically beg you to hire another manager. The store is absolutely doing well enough for you to afford it, and you and daddy need to be working toward retirement.”

“And I hired one, didn’t I?”

“You did.”

“Okay, so your turn. Who do you need to hire in order to stop having to jet set around the world?”

I leaned back against the counter, facing her. “You say that like traveling is a chore, mama.”

“Isn’t it? You’re never anywhere long enough to settle in. You don’t even have a house!”

I laughed. “I’m a nomad, mama. Nomads don’t need houses. I like living in hotels.”

My mother made a rude sound that drew another laugh from my throat as she scowled in my direction. “I don’t understand how Russell accepts you doing all this globe-hopping alone. What does he think about it?”

I swallowed hard, then truthfully said, “Any man who couldn’t accept the way I live my life, or respect the way I run my business, is not one that I would be marrying.”

She rolled her eyes. “I’d hoped that the promise of marriage would settle you, but you’ve always been my little adventurous Toni. Where is Russell anyway? Is he coming to the signing, to see you in action?”

“Um… I asked him.” That was true. When the date was set, three months ago, when he and I were still together, I’d asked. “He said he would try.”

“He’s such a wonderful young man.” My mother smiled at me, then gazed past me, with a dreamy look in her eyes. “I just know you two are going to have the most gorgeous little chocolate babies for me to love on. But no rush – I want you to enjoy your husband first. But then…” she sighed, then turned her gaze back to me. “Sweet girl, you have no idea how full it makes me, that you’ve found someone to spend your life with. Before you came into our lives, I thought it was too late for us. We’d waited too long. But then, you came along, needing a family, and we needed you to complete ours.” She stepped forward, cupping my face in her hands. “And look at you. Smart, successful, beautiful. I can’t wait to meet some little Tonis or Tonys with this face,” she laughed, and I laughed too.

In discomfort.

How could I possibly break this woman’s heart, and tell her that the “husband and baby” dream she’d had for me had washed down the drain months ago?

The bell over the door signaled the entry of a customer, and I was relieved at the chance to escape. I turned around with a big smile.

“Welcome to Tones and Tomes. Can we help you find anything in particular today?”

The smile slid off my face when I saw who’d walked in.

“Hey sweetie,” my mother exclaimed, immediately cutting around the counter to get to Justin – another full story I hadn’t told, not wanting to break her heart. She loved Justin, and I had no desire to change that. My problem with him was mine.

I stayed behind the counter while she pulled him into a hug, but then my eyes went wide when a little voice said, “Do you have Ruby and the Booker Boys by… by… what was the author’s name again daddy?”

Justin’s gaze dropped low, and he smiled. “Derrick Barnes, muffin.”

“Yeah! By Derrick Barnes, and ill-lus-tray-ted by Vanessa…Brantley… Newton,” the little voice carefully sounded out, and I stepped from around the counter to see what I couldn’t from over the display – a little girl, with Justin’s pecan skin, thick lashes, thoughtful brown eyes. She smiled at me. “Book one is called Brave New School, Brand New Ruby.”

“The other way around, Bri,” Justin gently corrected, putting a hand on her shoulder. “Brand New School, Brave New Ruby, okay?”

“Okay!” she said cheerfully, then turned back to me. “Do you have it?!”

I… couldn’t speak.

This gorgeous little girl, with a puff of hair bigger than her head… this had to be Justin’s daughter.

“I’m almost sure we do, sweetheart,” my mother said, taking the little girl by the hand. “Let’s go see okay?”

My eyes followed until they rounded the corner to the kid's section, and then I turned to meet Justin’s eyes. “She’s beautiful. I see you’ve already instilled a love of reading in her.”

“Thank you.”

I dropped my gaze, and moved to straighten up yet another thing that didn’t need straightening on the counter.

“So how are you adjusting to being home?” he asked, following me as I moved.

“Just fine,” I tossed over my shoulder. A week had passed since our lunch meeting – two days since my talk with Aviva. Still, I wasn’t feeling particularly charitable.

“Any news on the banners?”

“They’ll be ready tomorrow.”

“Cool. Everything else in line?”

“Yep.”

A few seconds later, my mother was back with Justin’s little girl, and my shoulders sank in relief, because that meant they were about to leave.

“We found them!” she declared, holding up several books in her hands.

“Yeah, I see,” Justin said. “Come here, let me introduce you to somebody.” She smiled big, and her glittery pink tennis shoes lit up with every step as she padded up to me, and my mother went back to handle the register. “Brielle, this is Ms. Toni. She used to be daddy’s best friend, in the whole world.”

Brielle’s eyes went wide, and mine narrowed at Justin.

“Used to be?” she asked, sounding devastated.

Justin squatted down to her level. “Yeah, muffin. She’s mad at me.”

“Why is she mad at you daddy?”

“Because daddy made a bad mistake.”

Bri gasped, then turned to me. “Did he promise to take you to the park, but forgot before it got too dark to go? He’s done that to me tha-ree times,” she said, holding up three short little fingers for emphasis.

“No, sweetheart,” I said, glaring at Justin. “He knows exactly what he did, and I hope he doesn’t think that this helps.” I actually turned to Bri then, and smiled. “But it was very nice to meet you, and I hope you love your books, okay?”

Her happy grin returned, and she nodded, running toward the front counter. I turned to go the other way, but Justin caught me around the arm.

“Hold up, Toni. We need to talk.”

I snatched away from him. “You keep saying that, and then nothing but bullshit comes out of your mouth. Using the baby, Justin? Really?” I stormed to the back of the store, losing myself in the stacks of storage. I put a hand to my chest, trying to calm my racing heart.

“God he makes me so damn sick!” I fussed out loud, to no one but myself.

“Damn. And here I was hoping today would be the day I changed your mind.”

I rolled my eyes as I turned to see Justin standing on the other side of a stack of boxes, with his hands shoved in the pockets of his jeans. It annoyed me that I was cognizant of how good he looked, in a lightweight sweater that clung to biceps I didn’t remember him having. I crossed my arms and glared, hoping my expression was as pissed off as I felt.

“I don’t know why the hell you would think that.”

He took a few steps forward, so that the boxes were the only thing separating us. “Because today is the day we’re going to talk this shit out.”

“Funny, that you think there’s something to talk about. The only thing you can do is kiss my ass, Justin.”

He smirked.

A sexy one.

“Will that make you listen?”

I huffed. “Sure, pucker up. Just make sure you aim for the spot right below where you stabbed me in the back, okay?”

We stared each other down, for several long moments before he spoke again.

“They were going to ruin you, Toni,” he said, without a single trace of humor. He was serious.

“Who is they?”

“Lion. They came to me, and made me an offer. Hadn’t even seen a single word, but they wanted me. Offered what seemed like the world, and I said no, because I already had a publisher. They asked who – even though I knew they already knew it. I was proud to say your name, in the same inflection of a good “fuck you.” Because fuck them, after what they did to you. You trusted them, and they screwed you.”

I scoffed. “Yeah. That seems to be a running thing between me and people I trust.”

“Give it a rest, Toni. And just listen.”

My scowl deepened, and I looked away, running my tongue over my teeth to burn off the energy I wasn’t extending by cursing him out.

“After I said it was you, they asked me what I would think of their offer if my current publisher was buried under too many lawsuits to even read a book, let alone think about publishing one. And I mean… the implication of that is clear.”

A chill ran down my spine as those words left his lips, because that intimidation tactic sounded incredibly familiar.

“If the same thing happened today… I would have given them that fuck you. But I was young, and stupid, and worried that this huge company was about to destroy my friend’s dream. So I didn’t say no. I sat with it, and thought about it, and I didn’t say anything to you, because I knew you would have poked that bear. But I thought about it, and thought about it. And while I was thinking about it, Cat went in for a sonogram. We found out that Brielle had a heart defect, that might need surgery as soon as she was born.”

I jerked my head back. “You never told me that.”

“We never told anybody. We agreed on it, because we didn’t want anybody stressing us out about it. People find out stuff like that, and they always want to call and ask, and stop by the house, and this and that, and Cat just wanted peace. She was carrying my child, and wearing my ring, so I honored that for her. Nobody except me and her, aside from the doctors, knew that we knew Bri was likely to need surgery. I didn’t even tell Joseph.”

I swallowed hard. “Why are you telling me this now, Justin?”

“Because I’m not trying to make myself seem like some martyr, like I took that deal just to keep Lion from coming after you. Once I found out about Bri, my decision was made, because I needed that money to make sure I could take care of my little girl.”

“I would have helped you, Justin!”

“I know that,” he insisted. “I know you would have not gotten on the plane to talk to those authors, and put what you would have spent on airfare in my bank account. Or not spent that money on marketing, or hiring the help you needed, and a long list of other shit that would have run your business in the ground, trying to help me.”

“Because that’s what friends do. I would have made it work, somehow.”

“Right… but at what cost to you? Would your business be where it is now if I made a different choice? Maybe, or maybe not. But at the time, I did what I thought was right.”

I stared at him for several seconds, then shook my head. “No. We were best friends, Justin! We didn’t keep those types of things from each other!”

“My hands were tied, Toni! And even if they weren’t… at 23 years old, with a sick child on the way, and this company threatening somebody I loved… it felt like it. I have the mother of my child not wanting to tell anybody what’s going on, and trying to keep her stress-free. I have this company who I have no reason to believe won’t destroy me and you if I say anything. What was I supposed to do? I’m not making excuses here Toni. I messed up. I’m just trying to get you to understand that I didn’t break the rules you think I did. And I didn’t tell you because I didn’t feel I could.”

My throat was tight as I processed his words. I’d never known Justin to be a liar, but… was I supposed to believe him now, about lying to me back then?

And if I did believe him… that meant…

Everything I thought about the whole situation had been wrong. Lion had used that very same threat of burying me under litigation to keep me quiet when they stole my authors before, after offering me an imprint under their umbrella. Instead of spending my time, money, and energy fighting, I just started over – and ended up with a few of their authors. Which was probably why they’d gone after Justin.

And the thing with Cat’s pregnancy… that struck me as the truth too. I knew how overbearing people got when it came to babies, pregnancy, all of that, so I understood her wanting the privacy. And I understood Justin giving it to her. Romantic relationships had a whole list of unspoken rules all their own.

“I’m telling you now because I’m not signed with them anymore. No options, no nothing, done. And nothing they could say could make me return. And… because you’re back. You’ve been jetting all over the world, ignoring emails… the only way we could have had this conversation is in person.”

“But you endured this by yourself.” My voice cracked as I spoke, and Justin made it around those boxes, and was right in front of me by the time my eyes started burning with tears. “I was supposed to be your friend, and I let you—”

“Stop,” he said, wrapping his arms around me, and pulling me tight. “You had every right to be pissed, Tee. I just didn’t expect you to stay pissed so long,” he chuckled.

“Rule seventy—”

“— eight,” he finished for me, and I looked up, still gathered in his embrace. He reached up, using a thumb to swipe away the tears that had spilled down my cheeks.

“We messed this up, completely. Didn’t we?”

He chuckled, and nodded. “Yeah, we did. But… Rule #52.”

“There’s always time for course-correction.”

“Right.” He wiped away another stray tear. “I love you, Tee.”

I sniffed, then nodded. “I love you too, Jus.”

He grinned. “I mean… how could you not, right?”

I laughed at his silliness, and he joined in, but as our laughter died down… I couldn’t help noticing… I was still in his arms. For some reason, that realization made me hyper-aware of how close our bodies were. We’d hugged a million times – maybe a million and one. But today… that proximity made heat build between my thighs, and I wasn’t sure it was possible that he couldn’t feel my nipples pressed against his chest, growing harder by the second.

When I looked up, he was already looking back at me. His gaze skirted down to my lips, and… was he getting closer?

Is he about to…?

“You kids back here?” My mother called from the door to the storage room, and Justin and I practically jumped away from each other. I pressed a hand to my chest as Justin answered, letting her know we were in here, and she called back. “Bri-Bri says she’s hungry. She wants to know if it’s okay if she can have a slice of banana bread from the bakery counter.”

“I love banana bread daddy remember?” Bri’s little voice called, and I couldn’t help the smile that spread across my face.

“Go see about your baby,” I told him, trying to keep from getting too close while my body was still tingling from his touch. “We’ll talk.”

“I’m going to hold you to that,” he said, walking backward to hold my gaze. “We have some catching up to do.”

I nodded. “Okay. Bye.”

He smiled a smile that wasn’t supposed to affect me like it did, making me hot all over again. “Bye.”

And then he was gone.

Leaving me to wonder how, exactly, a single conversation had brought so much understanding between us… and a whole new level of confusion.

Was he about to kiss me?

I shook my head.

Despite the sex-drought fueled horniness that had me thinking about him in ways that were anything but platonic, I could count on Justin to keep things in their proper place. If we were moving forward, we still had a friendship to rebuild, and that would take time.

Justin, kissing me?

Hah.

That was just plain nuts.

… or was it?





Five.





“Man… Toni really did mess around and get fine as hell,” Jason mused, sitting back as he looked at something over my shoulder. The three of us – me, him, and Joseph – had the rare chance to have lunch together, so we’d met to get sushi at one of our favorite spots, Roll Play.

I looked behind me, following Jason’s gaze to the front counter, where Toni was standing while she spoke to a server on the other side. Blood drained from one of my heads to the other one, leaving me with just enough presence of mind to look away from her, so I wasn’t staring.

Toni did look good.

She was dressed for running, in gray leggings that clung to thick thighs, and the curves of her hips and ass – none of which I was supposed to be thinking about touching, and yet… here I was.

“I thought Toni was supposed to be like family to you, why are you looking at her like that?” I asked Jason – an admonishment to myself as much as it was to him. “And besides that, don’t you have a girlfriend?”

Jason shrugged, then swallowed a mouthful of food. “I keep trying to tell you fools that having a girlfriend doesn’t make me blind. Fine is fine, and Toni is that. And “like” family doesn’t make us related. Squats have done that body very well. Am I lying Joey?”

Beside him, Joseph peeked around me to look at Toni, then shook his head. “Not at all, little bro. Not. At. All.”

“It’s okay to admit it, Jus,” Jason teased, his eyes bright with laughter. “Unless…you’re scared it will open the door to something else.”

I sucked my teeth. “Man, hell no. It’s nothing like that.”

Jason and Joseph exchanged a look, and Joseph grinned.

“Okay. Well maybe you just need a closer look then. Hey, Toni!”

He’d called out her name before I could react, and started waving her over. She and I hadn’t been in the same space since our conversation in the storage room at the bookstore – a conversation that had led to her being in my arms. Close enough to kiss her, if I’d wanted to.

I’d wanted to.

But I didn’t know where the hell the desire had come from.

“Well isn’t this just a table full of handsome?” Toni said as she approached my side of the table. Jason and Joseph were across from me, so Toni stood in the empty space at my side. “Forgive me if I’m a little ripe, guys. Just finished a run, so I stopped in here to grab something before I go back to the hotel.”

She actually smelled good as hell, but I wasn’t about to say that out loud. Even fresh from a workout, she was putting off some pheromones, and had my dick swelling again.

“Running, huh?” Jason asked. “Is that how you built that ass from the ground up? Cause you didn’t have that before.”

“Don’t make me kick your ass Jason, I’ve done it before,” Toni shot back, and I looked up at her as she narrowed her eyes at my little brother.

Jason grinned. “You’d physically fight a man with a disability, Toni? I’m disappointed in you!”

Toni sucked her teeth, then put her hands down on the table, facing off with Jason. I tried, and failed, not to look, but the curve of her ass was right there. Taunting me.

Look at me, Justin. Smack me. Bite me.

“Fuck my life,” I muttered to nobody except myself as I forced my gaze up to the ceiling.

“Lil’ nigga,” Toni said to Jason. “Ain’t a goddamned thing wrong with you. I don’t want to hear about your leg, either. Don’t start any shit you can’t handle, bruh.”

“Oh, shit,” Jason said, laughing. “I see you’ve still got that little tough girl thing down, underneath the CEO status.”

“Always,” Toni shot back. “You ready for the signing?” she asked, then put a hand on my shoulder, which brought my gaze down from the ceiling. She’d stood up straight, and turned in my direction, so when I lowered my eyes to look right in front of me…

My gaze landed right on the soft mound at the juncture of her thighs, and got stuck. I could practically feel the heat from between her thighs on my face, and if I didn’t know better, I’d swear the heady scent of her arousal was invading my senses. Just two – maybe three – small steps and I could have my nose buried right there, and be a very happy man.

“Justin, did you hear what I asked you?” she said, and I looked up, meeting her eyes.

I shook my head. “I’m sorry, can you repeat it for me?”

“The signing,” she said, tipping her head to the side. “I asked if you were ready for it.”

I blinked. “Oh! Uh… yeah, I guess. As ready as I can be to have a bunch of people treating me like a celebrity.”

“Well,” Toni started, laughing, “You kind of are. You realize that, right?”

I shrugged. “Again, I guess. I’m just Justin, man.”

“Not to your readers. You’re bestselling author Justin Wright. You’re special to them.”

“Yeah, Mr. Bestseller,” Joseph chuckled. “Stop trying to play modest.”

Toni nodded. “Yeah, no room for that anymore, sorry. In six days, the bookstore is going to be packed out for you. Ready or not.” Behind us, the cashier yelled out an order number, and Toni glanced down at the ticket in her hand. “Speaking of ready, that’s me. I’ll see you boys later, okay?”

She gave us a little wave, then turned to walk away. Not even a second later, she stumbled backward as a server rushed past the table, holding a tray full of food up over his head. For a moment, she lost her balance, then caught herself by grabbing the empty chair to my side.

But not before I caught a face full of her ass.

“Oh, damn! I’m sorry,” she said, turning around to face me. “I didn’t mean to bump you like that. I was trying not to cause a collision, and ended up doing it anyway.”

I chuckled, waving a hand to brush her off. “Apology not needed. You’re good baby girl.”

More than good.

Soft, and warm.

And soft.

Shit.

“No, I’m pretty sure my ass was literally on your face.”

You say that like it’s a bad thing.

“You’re good,” I insisted.

Toni cringed. “If you say so. Bye guys.”

She looked both ways this time before she left our table to get her food. I watched her until she was out of the door, then turned back to face my brothers.

“Y’all,” I said, leaning over the table. “I’m bugging.”

Joseph lifted an eyebrow, then exchanged glances with Jason before he swallowed what he was chewing. “What do you mean?”

“Toni.” I reclined back in my chair, scrubbing hands over my face. “I’m… it’s like, it was never a secret that she was attractive, right? But I wasn’t looking at her like that, because she and I weren’t… like that. We were friends, platonically. Now though…”

“She makes your dick hard,” Jason said in a bored tone before he took another sip through his straw.

I nodded. “Yeah. That.”

Across the table, Jason broke into laughter, then crossed his arms as he turned to Joseph, who rolled his eyes.

“What did I tell you, nigga?” Jason laughed, leaning into Joseph. “Run me my money. Pay up.”

I frowned. “Pay up? What are y’all talking about?”

Joseph sighed. “We made a bet about you seeing Toni through different eyes now that she was back in town. You never seemed to realize how fine she was before, but not seeing her for so long, and then the shift in your relationship… Jay thought it would only take a few weeks of you being around her for you to have a new perspective.”

I scowled at Jay, shaking my head. “Well isn’t that some bullshit? Betting on your own brother. I see who’s really on my side.”

Jason scoffed. “What? Joey wasn’t on your side – he just thought it would take you at least a month to start sweating her.”

“Right,” Joseph laughed, as he pulled out his wallet. “Your thirsty ass is costing me a hundred dollars.”

“Woooow,” I said, crossing my arms. “So both of you were betting against me?”

Joseph grinned. “Not betting against you… just banking on reality. Think about it, man – the only thing keeping you from checking for Toni before was that boundary of friendship. Y’all took it seriously, didn’t cross it. But you fucked up when you signed with Lion. Put an ax in the friendship, and all these years passed. Toni grew up and got grown ass woman fine, and now that y’all aren’t besties, you see it like the rest of us.”

“But we’re good now. We talked,” I replied, knowing those words were weak as hell, while they were coming out of my mouth. “I mean… I know it’s not going to be like it was overnight, but she’s not mad anymore. I think we’re still friends.”

Jason laughed. “Which is a testament to how much she cared about you, cause most women would have thrown your ass away forever, over much less. You fucked up.”

“Joey said that already.”

Jason shrugged. “And I’m saying the shit again.”

“Can you say something helpful instead?”

“Like what?”

I blew out a sigh. “I don’t know man, like… tell me what to do about the fact that I’m looking at this woman who was my childhood friend like…”

“Like you want to put your face in her pussy,” Joseph said, sliding his empty plate away from him as he nodded. “Same way I felt about Devyn. Hits you on a spiritual level, doesn’t it?”

“Hell yeah,” Jason agreed, a contented grin spreading over his face. “Reese, with that smart ass mouth… I just knew her mean ass would have the sweetest… man… I’ll holla at y’all later. I’m about to go see what my girl is doing.”

Joseph chuckled as he stood. “Great minds think alike.”

When they were both standing, they looked at me expectantly, then both looked away like they suddenly realized the problem.

“Our bad, bruh,” Jason said, clapping me on the shoulder. “Didn’t mean to rub it in your face… that we’re about to go get pussy rubbed in our face… and you aren’t.”

Joseph put a hand on my other shoulder. “I mean… maybe you can catch Toni.”

“That’s not helpful assholes.”

They both laughed as they walked off, and Jason called over his shoulder, “Who said anything about trying to be helpful?”

When they were gone, I propped my elbows on the table and dropped my head into my hands, thinking about the conversation. Underneath the roasting and ragging, there actually had been salient points of truth put down by my brothers.

Maybe I was seeing Toni through different eyes.

Or… no maybe. I just was.

And I wasn’t sure what to do with that.

The line between friends and lovers was something we’d never crossed. Never even considered before, honestly. But the fact remained that if it weren’t for her mother’s interruption, I would have kissed Toni.

And then what?

We were barely friends again now – if at all. Just because we’d talked, and she wasn’t mad anymore, didn’t mean that our friendship would pick back up where it left off – Rule #9: Your ass is stuck with me, be damned.

I’d still betrayed her trust, even if my hands were tied. I’d kept things from her, left her in the dark, misled her… all of which went against the unwritten rules we’d created over the years. Even if the anger had been gone for years, that didn’t mean she wanted anything to do with me outside of friendly interactions in public.

I had no idea where we stood, on any level. And that made the sexual attraction even more of an enigma for me. Recognizing that a woman was attractive was no big deal. But finding a woman sexy had always been – at the risk of sounding obnoxious – deeper than that. Looks were a factor, but there were other elements – sense of humor, intelligence, confidence, personality, etc – that went into me allowing my mind to wander to other things.

Like wondering if she would be open to letting me bury my face between her thighs. Things like that.

I shook my head.

Not only had Toni and I never entertained romantic involvement as a possibility, she was engaged. If I was going to focus on anything, it needed to be getting any sexual thoughts out of my head, and rebuilding our friendship. Now that we were back in what seemed to be a good place, I could progress with what the original goal had been anyway.

Getting my friend back.



- & -

Toni really did know how to throw a party.

I mean, a book signing.

I’d been to a lot of signings over the years of my writing career, and could honestly say that I’d never, ever been to one quite like this.

The decorations, the food, the liquor, the sheer amount of people. With everything she’d done, things felt more like a party where I was the guest of honor, than any of the signings I’d been to in the past.

I’d been a little uncertain about Toni’s decision to hold the signing at night, past the hours the store would have usually been open. They closed the doors early to set up, and once I actually saw the store set up, I didn’t doubt her anymore.

The low shelves had been draped in cloths, and the table displays moved to make room for people. Huge banners and posters for my books were on display everywhere, and according to the posted signs, books by Justin Wright were the only ones available for purchase tonight. The decorations were all in rich blue, varying between mattes and metallics, creating a plush, grown-up vibe that wasn’t at all what I’d expected.

And she didn’t just stick me at a table up front. I was encouraged to walk around, and mingle, instead of being anchored to one spot. Again, this felt more like a party than a signing, and any dread I’d been feeling melted away in this atmosphere.

With the music going, familiar faces mixed into the crowd, and a jack and coke in my system, it was easy to just get… comfortable, and relax.

Eventually though, I did make my way to the table at the front, just to take a second to sit down. I’d only been there for a few minutes when Bri came bouncing up, with her mother close behind.

“There’s my double chocolate muffin,” I teased, opening my arms as she approached. She flung herself into me, wrapping her arms around my neck for a hug.

“Everything looks sooooo pretty Daddy!” she said, her eyes wide as she looked around. Her bedtime was actually fast approaching, but I spotted a bit of bright blue frosting at the corner of her mouth – someone had been at the cupcake table, and I doubted her energy was wearing off soon.

“You having fun?”

My question was met with a deep, vigorous nod, and I grinned as I looked up at Cat, who’d placed her hand on my shoulder.

It was a good thing that I actually liked my ex-wife, because our child was her spitting image. Nose, lips, heart-shaped face, head full of thick curls – Bri was a daily reminder of her mother.

“She insisted on coming to say hello,” Cat explained. “But I know you’re busy, so I’m keeping her occupied.”

I smiled. “Thanks. You okay?”

“I’ve had more than one glass of very good wine, so yes. I am.”

“You know you don’t have to stay for the whole thing, right?”

She rolled her eyes. “Duh, I know. We’re leaving at nine, so I can get Bri in the bed.”

“Who is that with Miss Toni?” Bri asked, catching my attention. “Is that her boyfriend?” she giggled, which got even more of my attention.

Boyfriend?

I followed her gaze to where Toni was standing, wearing the hell out of slim, jewel-toned jeans and a creamy white sweater that was resting right on top of her ass, showing off that curve. She was with a group of people I assumed were readers… except the Boris Kodjoe wanna-be beside her had his hand on her back.

Low on her back.

My eyes narrowed as I watched him step even closer to her, wrapping his arm around her waist. He leaned in to speak into her ear, then gave her a look that mirrored my thoughts from the other day, at the sushi place.

“Are you mad at that man and Miss Toni?” Bri asked me, pulling my gaze away from them, back to her.

I shook my head. “No, muffin. What makes you ask that?”

“Cause you have a mad face.”

“Yeah,” Cat agreed, and when I looked up, I could practically see the “I knew it!” sign flashing over her head. “You have a mad face, Jus.”

From the time we met, back in college, Cat had never quite been comfortable with my friendship with Toni. She eventually accepted the truth that nothing had ever happened between us, but she was never exactly warm with Toni. To both of their credit, neither tried to interfere with the relationship on the other side, but that wasn’t really the same as my best friend and my girlfriend getting along.

When I made the mistake of pressing the issue, Toni swore Cat and I weren’t really that compatible. Cat swore something “wasn’t that damn friendly” between me and Toni.

Looking at it now… it seemed like both of them were right.

“Guess I can’t be mad, since we aren’t married anymore, huh?”

I quickly straightened up my face. “Mad about what?”

She rolled her eyes. “Mad about you being mad about that,” she said, motioning in Toni’s direction, where she was still standing with who I assumed to be her fiancé.

“Mad? Why would I be mad?”

“Not about to do this with you, Jus. Come on Bri-Bri. Let’s let daddy get back to work, sweetie.”

Bri didn’t waste any time climbing down from my lap, with no backtalk – she never did that with her mother. She could slide it in sometimes with me. “Can I have another cupcake?” she asked, with a big smile that didn’t phase Cat in the slightest.

“You already know the answer to that, Bri. Let’s find your grandpa, I bet he wants to see you in this pretty dress.”

With those words, Bri dashed off, and Cat waved before she followed her. I let out a sigh as I looked away, right in time for a flood of readers to come up to the table with books in hand.

I spent the next twenty minutes signing books and taking pictures, nonstop, and was glad for the chance to breathe when it came. I left the table, and was heading for the sanctuary of the dressing room in the back when the music turned down, and I heard Toni’s voice over the mic.

“Where is the man of the hour?” she called, and I sighed a little before I turned to head back to the center of the store. I found her and her parents waiting for me there, all smiling as readers gathered, leaving a circle in the middle for us to stand.

“Here he is,” she said, when she saw me. “Come on down, Mr. Wright.”

I smiled at her, waving to everyone as a round of applause started, and the cameras that had been following me all started to go off at once. Toni’s fiancé hung back at the edge of the crowd.

“Now, for those of you who don’t know,” she started, looping her arm through mine, setting off the type of sensation I could have sworn was some shit I put in books just to spice up the interaction, “Part of the reason we are so excited to have Justin Wright with us today is because he is one of our own. Almost ten years ago, he sat in this very store and signed copies of Skipped Beats – his very first book.” She paused, to smile at me – a pretty ass smile that hit me right in the chest – then turned outward, to the crowd. “Think about your favorite… whatever, who started out small, and it felt like you were their only fan, and you loved them fiercely. Protectively. And then they got bigger, and now everybody loves them, but quietly – or maybe not so much – you like to say to yourself…” She turned to me again, batting her eyelashes as she leaned in and looked me right in the eyes. “I hit it first.”

I threw my head back and laughed at that, and so did everybody else. Toni waited for it to die down before she continued. “But at the same time, you’re happy for them. Happy that they got bigger, that they got better… thrilled, on their behalf, that they have arrived.” She looked at me, and nodded, with a distinct glossiness in her eyes. “Ten years later, Mr. Wright. Ten years, eight books, and here you are. Known to your brothers as “Mr. Bestseller”. Known to some readers as “That damn Justin Wright. What is he going to do next?”” She said, setting off another round of laughter.

She unhooked her arm from mine, grabbing my hand instead. “And known to Tones & Tomes as family. It is our honor not just to host you on tonight… but also to celebrate you. Welcome home,” she finished, squeezing my hand.

“Wow,” I said, more for her ears than anyone else’s. “Thank you.”

I let go of her hand and pulled her into a hug, which she warmly returned. I forced myself to let her go sooner than I wanted to, and moved to hug Marjorie and Greg.

“Okay y’all, let’s buy some books!” she said into the mic, and I was swarmed with people wanting pictures. By the time I worked my way through the crowd, she wasn’t anywhere near me anymore, and I went back to the table to sign more books.

Every once in a while, I spotted her in the crowd, talking and interacting with people. Every time I saw her, ol’ boy was hanging near, like he was trying not to let her get too far away.

And I mean… who could blame him?

I got up to take another few minutes to walk around, and noticed them away from the group, at the end of one of the shelves. Toni had her arms crossed, and he looked like he was trying hard to explain something that Toni… wasn’t trying to hear.

Reese tapped me on the shoulder, drawing my attention away to hold up a book. “Mr. Wright, I am such a huge fan! Can you sign this for me?”

“Anything for the girl who goes toe to toe with my baby brother,” I told her, putting an arm around her shoulder to lead her back to the table. After I had signed hers, I did a few more, and then I really did need that break.

I snuck off down the hall to the dressing room and slipped inside, closing the door behind me. I felt eyes on me, and looked up to find a surprised-looking Toni standing on the other side of the room.

“Hey,” she said, immediately moving toward the door. “Sorry, I don’t mean to be all in your space. I’ll step out.”

“No, you’re good,” I said, catching her hand. With her right in front of me, I could see that her eyes were still glossy, and a little red, like she’d been crying. “Or… are you?”

“I’m fine,” she said, but the way her voice cracked told a different story. She shook her head, slipping her hand away from mine so she could turn in the other direction.

“Whoa, wait a minute now.” I stepped around her, tipping her chin up. “What’s wrong?”

She met my eyes for several seconds before she shook her head again. “Russell. I… wasn’t expecting him to be here, and… he is. And it’s messing with my head.”

“Why is it messing with your head for your fiancé to show up to an event you’re hosting?”

She scoffed. “Because he and I aren’t… we aren’t…”

“You’re not… on the best terms right now?” I asked, since it seemed like she was having trouble finishing.

“That’s one way to put it.”

I chuckled. “You want to talk about the other ways you might put it?”

“No,” she shook her head. “I absolutely do not.”

I dropped my hands to my sides, slipping them into my pockets before I shrugged. “Okay. You want to talk about that speech then?”

“What speech?”

“So you don’t know what I’m talking about?”

A smile spread over her face, replacing her sad expression. “I have no idea.”

“Uh-huh. Tell me something – what would that speech have looked like two weeks ago, if we hadn’t had that talk?”

Toni pulled her bottom lip between her teeth, chewing it a little before she met my gaze again. “Actually, it would have looked the same. I wrote that a month ago.”

My eyebrows shot up. “Really?”

“Ugh, why do you sound so shocked?!”

“Cause you’ve been mean as hell for the last seven years,” I laughed, and she crossed her arms.

“Because you hurt me, Justin.”

“I know.” I stretched my arms out to her – something I’d done at least a million times before, but now felt almost… foreign. But then she stepped into the embrace, and it felt like… something else.

“I want us to be back like we were,” she mumbled into my chest, wrapping her arms around my waist. “I missed you. So much. I spent so much time wondering if I was just… stupid, you know? Wondering if the friendship was one-sided. Because if you felt about me, how I felt about you, how could you ever possibly… do that. And now that I know it wasn’t the way it seemed… I just wish we could rewind. Can we do that? Just… hit a button. No?”

“No,” I laughed, then planted a kiss on top of her head. “We can work on getting it back though. I mean, if that’s what you want to do.”

“Only if it’s what I want to do, huh?”

“It’s cool with me too I guess.”

“Oh whatever,” she laughed, tipping her head back to look at me. “Your ass missed me.”

“You are absolutely right.”

Another one of “those” moments passed between us. Another one of those things I was just putting in books, thinking I was making shit up, but here we were. Looking at each other. Me wanting to kiss her in a way that friends didn’t kiss.

“I should um… go find Russell. He’s probably looking for me.”

I nodded, and stepped back, releasing her from my arms. “Yeah, probably so.”

She moved to the door, then looked back, with a smile. “Let’s do lunch or something. Soon.”

“Definitely. We’ll make plans.”

She slipped out after that, and I pushed out a sigh. If every time we got close to each other was going to be like this… I wasn’t sure how this “friends” thing was going to work out.





Six.





Is this too much cleavage for lunch with a…friend?

I asked myself that question in the mirror as I buttoned, then unbuttoned, then rebuttoned, then finally left the top button of my blouse undone. Years ago, the idea of obsessing over what to wear to go out with Justin would be laughable. Today, I wondered if my outfit was too sexy.

Or… not sexy enough?

I shook my head.

On no planet in our solar system should I ever find myself wondering if I looked sexy enough for friggin’ Justin. A kid I’d sported matching casts with after we climbed – and fell out of – the big tree in my parent’s backyard. The boy who’d farted on me on purpose in eighth grade – an act I’d rewarded with a busted lip. The boy I’d had to shame into cleaning his dorm room in college, because it reeked of gym clothes and musty socks.

I wasn’t supposed to care if I looked good for him, because he wasn’t supposed to be looking. But I wanted him to look.

Maybe if he was looking, that would let me know I wasn’t just losing my mind. Something was different between us for him too.

I propped a hand on my hip as I looked myself over. Caged booties, dark jeans, and a royal blue button-up blouse that fit loose, just skimming my curves, but dipped low in the front. I decided I looked good. Lunch-with-friend appropriate.

I’d been at dinner with one of our friends from college, Nikita, when I got Justin’s text inviting me to lunch. I was beyond excited to text him back – more excited than a friend should be, and Nikita had called me out on it.

“Who has you smiling like that?” she’d asked, eyebrow raised.

I quickly tapped out an affirmative response to the text, then put my phone face down, and picked up my drink. “What are you talking about?”

“Girl, your face looked like the emoji with the big hearts over the eyes over whatever text you just got. Was that your fiancé?”

“No,” I said, maybe a little too quickly, but she didn’t seem to notice. “It was Justin, asking if I wanted to grab lunch tomorrow.”

Her eyebrow went higher. “And it made you smile like that?” Nikita wrinkled her nose, and my mind raced for an explanation. Before I had time to respond anyway, she shook her head. “I guess I get it though, you guys are back on good terms now. You’re just excited to be back with your bestie.”

“Yeah,” I said, weakly. “Glad we got it figured out.”

Nikita nodded. “I am too. You were both so quiet about whatever the hell happened. I remember pressing Justin about it, since you ran off to Dubai, or France, or wherever the hell you went. I thought if I knew what he’d done to make you so mad, I could help smooth it over, but he wouldn’t tell anybody anything. Not even Rich, or EJ.”

“Really?”

“Really. I mean, after you were gone, obviously we found out that he’d signed with Lion Literary, so we all assumed you were pissed he went to a different publisher. But we kinda thought there was more to it than that.”

I shrugged a little. “Yeah… but it’s past us now. No need to dwell.”

After that, our conversation went on to other things, but I had Justin on the brain. I’d gone to sleep excited, woken up excited, and now… it was time.

For what felt like a first date.

And in a way… it was. Inappropriate sexual feelings aside, I really was embarking on a journey of getting to know my friend all over again. So much could change in seven years – if we’d been speaking over that time, we would have grown and changed together, but he could be a completely different person now.

One time, when asked, I’d described Justin as strong, clever, arrogant, witty, kind, and earnest. Were those things still true? Would the Justin I was meeting for lunch line up with the Justin I knew back then?

There was only one way to find out.

I checked my appearance in the mirror one final time, then grabbed my purse to head out. In the elevator, I took a deep breath, feeling… nervous.

Lunch with an old friend is nothing to be nervous about.

I repeated that to myself a few times on the way down, and then again as I stepped off the elevator, into the lobby. I was on my way out of the front door of the hotel when a familiar face entered my line of sight, stopping me in my tracks.

As I was going out, Russell was coming in.

His handsome, caramel-toned face spread into a smile as he approached me. “Hey gorgeous,” he said, pulling me into a hug. “I was just coming to see if I could entice you into having lunch with me.”

I stepped away from his embrace, and ran my tongue over my lips. “Russell, what are you doing here?”

He grinned. “I just said that… asking you to lunch.”

“No, I mean here,” I said, widening my eyes. “When we talked the other night at the signing, I had the understanding that you had a flight to Canada to get on.”

“And I got on the flight… and then came back.”

“Why?”

“Because I thought it was clear that we need to talk. Things between us aren’t… settled.”

I scoffed, shaking my head. “I thought you settled them just fine when you told me this wasn’t working out, and left me in Cape Town.”

“I think I made a mistake,” he said, looking me in the eyes as he closed his hands over one of mine. “That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you, since the night of the signing.”

“Which was completely inappropriate,” I told him, slipping my hand away. “I was working.”

“It was the only time I could get through to you, Toni. I know you’re still upset with me, but sometimes you have to let people explain themselves.”

I rolled my eyes. “Explain yourself? Explain your mistake? A mistake is wearing mismatched pumps. A mistake is mixing up the date of an appointment. A mistake is pronouncing the “L” in salmon. Wanting me to put my career on hold for your selfish desires is not a mistake. Breaking our engagement because I… because of something I can’t help isn’t a mistake, Russell!”

I’d been forcing myself to keep my voice low, but glanced around anyway to make sure no one was overhearing our conversation. My chest was heaving, face was hot, hands trembling, eyes welling with tears… but I was trying not to let myself get upset.

Trying and failing.

“We can get past this Toni,” he said, grabbing my hand again, but I immediately snatched it away.

“It took you almost three months to figure out you made a mistake? Now you think we can get past it?”

Russell sighed. “Just have lunch with me? We can sit down, and talk this through.”

“I already have lunch plans.”

“Can you reschedule?”

“No?”

“Seriously? Who are you meeting with?”

“Justin Wright.”

Russell’s eyes narrowed over that.

Not because he knew the history between me and Justin – he didn’t – but because he “didn’t like how ol’ boy was looking at me all night”. The night of the signing, Russell had shown up being more protective than he had a right to be. He thought everybody was looking at me, including Justin, though I’d gotten no indication of anything of the sort.

And I was looking for it.

“So you’re dating now? This little author?”

“Justin has been on the cover of Ebony. Been interviewed by Oprah. Had dinner with the Obamas. He’s not a “little” author, first of all. Second, no, I’m not dating. And third, even if I was… that has nothing to do with you. You broke up with me, remember?”

“We just need to talk, please.”

“I have somewhere to be right now.”

“Then later,” he said, pleading with his eyes. “Dinner? Dessert? Midnight snack?”

Despite myself, I laughed, then shook my head. I thought about how I’d avoided talking to Justin all these years. I mean… sure, he still wouldn’t have told me about the threat from Lion, because up until recently he was still legally bound to them. But maybe he would have told me about his daughter’s heart condition once she wasn’t a baby anymore, and maybe knowing that would have cooled my anger.

Maybe.

Maybe this was a new lesson, in giving people benefit of the doubt.

“Fine, Russell,” I said. “I’ll see what my schedule looks like for later today, and let you know if I have some time. No promises.”

He grinned at me, then grabbed my hand again, raising it to his lips. “All I need is a chance,” he quipped, and the confidence – or arrogance – of those words cut through the disdain I’d felt for him since our breakup. As he brushed a kiss over my fingers, it reminded me, just a little, of why he’d ever appealed to me in the first place.

“I’ll let you get to your lunch,” he said, taking his time to release my hand. We parted ways, and I resumed my walk down to Grill Me In – the same place Justin and I had lunch a few weeks ago, before we’d hashed things out.

My head was swimming now, and I didn’t even know where to start sorting through my thoughts. I’d made it a point to not have Russell on the brain. I was trying to get over him, and constantly having him in my thoughts wasn’t the way. Just like with Justin, it was easy to not think about someone when they weren’t in your immediate space. And just like with Justin… it was easier to be mad at someone, than give in to the fact that they’d hurt you.

I took a deep breath as I pulled open the door to the restaurant, trying to shake aside the confused feelings Russell had left in his wake. I spotted Justin as soon as I stepped inside, and took a quick moment to admire him before he looked up. He’d always been handsome, but the years had roughened away the smooth edges that kept him baby-faced for so long. The height wasn’t new, but the facial hair and grown-man weight were.

Again… he looked good.

As if he felt eyes on him, he looked around, his face lighting up with a smile when he saw me. “You’re late,” he teased, then pulled me into a hug that smelled – and felt – like heaven.

“I’m not,” I countered, stepping away before I got too comfortable in his arms. “We said one, and it’s exactly that.”

He shrugged a little. “Yeah, but… Rule #10: On time is late.”

“And early is on time,” I finished, then shook my head. “I know. That was one of mine, wasn’t it?”

He grinned. “One you drilled into me. I was organized, but you were punctual.”

“And you ended up rubbing off on me,” I told him, stepping closer to let another customer get past. “I’m great at keeping things in order now. Usually.”

“Damn right I rubbed off on you.” He grinned at me. “I’m an excellent influence.”

I sucked my teeth. “Yeah, I’m pretty sure Marjorie and Greg would take exception to that claim. Did you or did you not get me so drunk on our high school graduation night that I puked in my cap?”

His eyes went wide. “Nah, Tee. You got the wrong guy. I’d never engage in, or encourage, under-aged drinking. You can’t be out here lying on me like that.”

“Oh is that right?”

“Sure the hell is.”

We laughed our way to our table once it was ready, and instead of sitting across from me, Justin took the seat to my side.

“So when am I going to get my credit for knowing to choose vegetarian for you, huh? Cause back in the day, you’d fuck up a plate of ribs, so this whole thing is new.”

I smiled. “You can have it now. I didn’t say anything a few weeks ago, but I did appreciate that you considered me when you chose the restaurant. How did you know I’d gone vegetarian?”

“Cause I’m good like that.”

“Or you googled me.”

He shrugged. “Or both.”

“So you admit that you googled me?”

“Why not?” he asked, then sipped from the water the server had dropped off. “How else would I keep up with you, when you were giving me radio silence? Did you think I just stopped caring?”

I propped my elbow on the table, and my chin on my fist. “Honestly… yeah. That’s what it felt like, when everything happened. When I tried to talk to you that first time, you acted like… I was just trying to hold you back. Like I only cared about you going to Lion because it meant I would lose out on potential money.”

“That wasn’t the case.”

I nodded. “I know that now. But we’re talking about back then.”

He conceded that point with a tip of his head. “I just want it to be clear, that I was always all about you. Even once we parted ways, I was rooting for your success, from the sidelines. I’m really proud of what you’ve done with Scattered Seeds. You took your dream… something you’d been talking about since high school, and turned it into reality.”

“That’s something we have in common,” I said, smiling. “Look at you... Mr. Bestseller. And you’re only 31- you haven’t even peaked yet. Still on the rise. And you have that gorgeous little girl.”

He grinned at the mention of his daughter. “Yeah, Bri Bri is a sweet kid.”

“Smart kid,” I added. “At least from what I’ve seen. You and Cat did well.”

Justin clapped a hand to his chest, eyes going wide in shock. “Damn, I must be hearing things. Did you just give Cat a compliment?”

I giggled. “I did. Differences aside, Cat is a good woman. I was sorry to hear that it didn’t work out between you.”

“Oh please,” Justin scoffed. “I bet you held a whole “I told you so” party in honor of our divorce.”

I shook my head. “If I'm all the way real…. I did think it. But. I really do hate to hear about relationships ending. What happened?”

Justin shrugged, leaning back in his chair. “Reality hit. I mean, Cat and I were cool together, but we were young and stupid – the root causes of many of my most notable mistakes. I only proposed because she was pregnant, she said yes for the same reason. And the first few years of our marriage were all so stressful, dealing with Bri’s health, and all of that. We didn’t really have a firm foundation to start with, and after Bri’s second surgery, it all kind of… crumbled.”

“Second?”

He nodded. “When she was three. You know I told you she was born with a congenital heart defect, right? Well, she had surgery about two weeks after she was born, and everything was great. But then a few years later, she started having some problems, and they had to go in again. It was… stressful.”

“I can imagine. Three is so little.”

“Yeah, it was. But muffin is a tough little girl.”

I smiled. “Muffin. Why do you call her that?”

“Because that’s the first thing she asked for when she woke up after that surgery. Well, she asked for her PawPaw, and then she asked for a muffin. She was obsessed, for about a year. And I can’t even recall that she’d had a muffin before then.”

“I’m pretty sure that’s the sweetest thing I’ve ever heard. But… I had no idea that your child had surgery – twice. It seems like the type of tidbit my mother would have been falling over herself to tell me.”

Justin lifted an eyebrow. “Yeah… like you being engaged. Marjorie kept that close to her chest.”

“It was private news.”

“It was a shock to my system,” Justin chuckled, but I didn’t get the sense that he found it funny at all. “My first reaction was honestly, who the fuck is she marrying, and why the fuck didn’t he ask me if he could marry her?”

My eyes went wide. “Wow. Still that protective, huh?”

“I guess it doesn’t go away. So… Russell, huh?” he said, with the same inflection one might use to ask someone if they really thought garbage juice was a delicacy.

I went quiet for a moment as our food was delivered, then wrinkled my nose at him over the table. “You don’t have to say it like that.”

“Say it like what? I’m not saying it any kind of way. The nigga’s name is Russell, is it not?”

“Justin…”

He tossed his hands up. “How do you want me to say it?”

“I don’t want you to say it at all,” I laughed.

“Ahh, I see. You two still haven’t made up.”

“You could say that.”

Justin laughed. “And your ass keeps giving vague answers to that question.”

“Which will continue, until I have a clear one.”

“Damn. The blogger messed up bad, didn’t he?”

I put my fork down. “Wow. First of all, he’s not a blogger and you know that. Second… so you googled him?”

“Hell yeah. I like to keep up with who is going to be in my space, and if he’s marrying you, he’ll have proximity.”

“So in this scenario, he’s in your space because I’m in your space.”

“Precisely.”

“So you’re saying you want me around?”

Justin stopped with his glass halfway to his mouth, and lowered it, looking at me like I was crazy. “Toni… when has that ever not been the case?”

“A lot can change in seven years of not speaking.”

“Not that. There was never a point where I didn’t miss you anymore,” Justin said, shaking his head. “Never.”

Our eyes met for a second, and then I looked down at my plate as I bit the inside of my lip, dragging the flesh between my teeth.

“Uh-oh,” he said, when I didn’t say anything. “Is that look because I’m alone in that sentiment.”

My eyes shot up. “No. Not at all. I missed you every day. It fueled my anger, to be honest.”

He chuckled. “Well – and this is something I told myself, over and over – you only stay pissed about something when you care. So I was glad to take anger over apathy. As long as you felt something.”

“Oh I definitely felt something. Like I wanted to pop you upside your damn head,” I laughed.

“I’ll take that,” he nodded. “I get it. Like I said, I never blamed you for being pissed. You deserved to be pissed. I just didn’t realize you would stay out of the country for seven goddamned years to avoid talking about it.”

I shrugged. “What can I say, I was committed. It’s a rule.”

Justin clapped his hands together as he leaned in. “Rule seventy-eight, about not half-assing. I knew it.”

“You always think you know something.”

“Because I do. Just like I know your boy Russell is a blogger masquerading as a novelist.”

“Daaamn,” I said, putting my fist to my mouth. “I never called Cat a wanna-be Whitley Gilbert about her little art gallery thing, did I?”

“No, because you literally called the girl Whitley!”

“Well Justin, if the shoe fits…”

“So you won’t mind me calling ol’ boy Nigga Bourdain then, right?”

“I can’t stand you!” I laughed, shaking my head. “Why are you doing him like that?”

“Because that fool didn’t think to come talk to me about marrying you. I’m roasting him, on sight, whenever we officially meet. He has to learn. If you love him, you won’t have Jason and Joseph around at the same time, either. That wouldn’t be pretty.”

I squinted. “Wow. Justin, he doesn’t even know about you. I mean… about our history.”

The laughter melted off of Justin’s face, getting replaced with an expression I could only describe as baffled. “How is that even possible?”

“It just…” I shrugged. “Never came up, I guess.”

He frowned. “How long have you known him?”

“Two years.”

“And in two years, you being mortal enemies with your best friend since childhood never came up? Do you even talk to this man?”

I scoffed. “Of course we talk. About lots of things.”

“What, his extensive traveling?”

“Our extensive traveling. And politics, and pop culture, and world religions, and philanthropy, and literature, and—”

“Does he know you used to be obsessed with Aaliyah? That once, at a buffet, you piled your plate up with cottage cheese because you thought it was chopped marshmallows, and put a huge spoonful in your mouth? That your favorite insects are fireflies, and we used to go in the open fields at BSU at night to catch them? That whenever your dreams start with you drinking a glass of lemonade, they come true? Does he—”

“Justin, I—”

“Know about your family?” he finished, like he hadn’t heard my interruption. After that last question, he waited, expectantly, and I let out a deep sigh.

“He knows that Marjorie and Greg adopted me when I was seven. But he doesn’t know about before, no.”

Justin shook his head, then reached across the table to grab my hand. Tears threatened to well in my eyes as he ran his thumb back and forth over my knuckles. “Tee… why are you marrying somebody that doesn’t know everything about you? Does he even know how amazing you really are?”

I couldn’t hold his gaze. I looked away, and then slid my hand from his hold. “I’m invoking Rule #41. I want out of this kitchen.”

Justin laughed as he sat back. “My bad. I didn’t mean to put you in the heat like that. I was just wondering.”

“It’s fine. I get it. We’re… figuring each other out again. I just don’t want to talk about it right now.”

He nodded. “Okay. So what do you want to talk about?”

“This food, before it gets too cold.”

Justin got the hint.

As expected, he backed off and gave me my space. We made small talk while we finished our lunch, laughing and joking like we usually did – well, used to – and it was well after three o’clock when we finally left the restaurant.

“Shouldn’t you be picking your little girl up from school about now?” I asked as we stopped on the sidewalk.

He shook his head. “She’s at Cat’s place this week. Why, you trying to get rid of me?”

“Well, lunch is over,” I smiled.

“So? What are you getting ready to do now?”

“Heading to the bookstore. There was a delivery today, and I want to go see what’s in it.”

“Mind if I tag along?”

I grinned. “What, you can’t bear to be away from me yet?”

“Damn right,” he said, grabbing my hand to lead me down the sidewalk.

There was nothing inherently romantic about the gesture. We innocently held hands all the time, and thought nothing of it. Today though… something electric went through me when he threaded his fingers with mine, and squeezed palm to palm. I bit my lip, looked down at my feet as he pulled me in the direction of Tones & Tomes, making conversation like he didn’t feel it.

Maybe he didn’t. Maybe it really was just me.

At the store, we spoke to my father at the front counter, then headed to the store room. Memories of the last time we were there flashed in my mind, and I quickly made myself busy in an attempt to clear my thoughts.

“So how long are you going to be around?” Justin asked, looking over my shoulder to see into the box I’d just opened.

I picked up the box, and moved to one of the empty, wheeled shelves we kept in the back. Once it was loaded, we would just take the whole thing out to the floor. “Another month, just about. A little longer.”

“Why such a hurry to leave?”

I stopped what I was doing to look back. Justin had taken a seat on top of a pile of boxes filled with books.

“I’m not in a hurry. Two months was just as long as I could devote. Unless my parents need me here longer. I can help remotely though, honestly. My physical presence isn’t needed.”

“Says who?”

I tried to cover my sharp intake of breath by clearing my throat. Instead of responding, I turned around, and commenced my task of getting those books on the shelf.

“Girl, you look good while you stack them books up. You's a fine motherfucker while you stack them books up. Call me bestseller while you stack them books up. Girl, who is you playin’ with, stack them books up.”

My eyes went wide as I listened to the cadence of his words, and realized what he was doing. I turned around and straightened up, hands on my hips as I faced him. “Justin Wright… did you really just give me a bookish remix to “Back that Azz Up”?”

“I’m talented, baby girl. What can I say?”

“You can say nothing,” I giggled. “You are a damn fool.” I turned back to the shelf and reached for another book, stopping when I heard his voice again.

“Girl you working with some stacks yeah, hardbacks yeah. Make a reader spend his cash yeah, his last yeah.”

“Justin!”

“What??” he asked, laughing. “You know that shit is hot, don’t front.”

“Oh it’s… something. Are you going to watch, or are you gonna help, Juvie?”

“I guess I can help,” he said, from closer behind me than I expected him to be. He brushed against me – Accidentally? – reaching around me to get to the heavy box, which he easily hefted with one hand. “Your little boyfriend isn’t going to be mad about us spending all this time together, is he?”

“He’s not my “little boyfriend”.”

“My bad.” Justin’s big hands pulled three of four books at once from the box, and planted them on the shelf. “Your fiancé.”

Instead of responding, I just shook my head. I didn’t know why I wasn’t speaking up, correcting Justin about Russell and I no longer being engaged. I knew that if I asked him not to, he wouldn’t say anything to my mother, so it wasn’t about the news getting back to her. And it couldn’t be about me being embarrassed, not wanting anyone to know – otherwise I wouldn’t have told Aviva.

Maybe I just didn’t want him to know.

But… why?

From what I could tell so far, we were easily falling back into our former vibe. And once upon a time, Justin was the one person on earth who I told everything. So why was I being cagey about this?

Our hands brushed as we reached for the same book, and when I looked down, his ringless hands reminded me that Justin was divorced now. That little fact triggered my realization of a strange phenomenon…

We were single at the same time.

Justin and I were never single at the same time.

Through high school, through college, and beyond, one of us was always with someone. That was something we had in common – serial monogamy. It was a habit I didn’t break until I moved away and started Scattered Seeds, which meant I was constantly traveling. I didn’t have a lifestyle that supported monogamy anymore. When Russell came along, with a similar lifestyle, we just… made it work.

I’d wondered, more than once, how Justin and I had avoided the trap that most “friendships” between men and women fell into, of trying to be something else, and ruining their bond as friends. Long ago, I’d decided it was partly because we never really had the opportunity to look at each other “like that”.

That was Rule #99: Friends Don’t Eye-Fuck Friends.

In addition to the rule, there was also just common respect. Even if I wanted to, I wouldn’t let my mind travel down the path of romantic thoughts with Justin while either of us was involved with someone, and vice-versa. That would just be asking for trouble.

But neither of us were involved with anyone now.

Maybe that’s why all my horniest thoughts were coming to the front now. Maybe they weren’t new – maybe they’d always been there, just suppressed by the boundaries of friendship and the unspoken law of not going after someone who belonged to someone else.

I bit my lip to keep from gasping.

What if that’s why Justin seems so unaffected?

“You alright?” he asked, and I nodded, not interested in telling him anything contrary to that. For now, at least, letting him think I was engaged was harmless.

It was also my last line of defense.





Seven





“Mama… this is the height of randomness, don’t you think?”

I was in the attic of the home where my parents had raised me, helping pack. This packing had been going on – off and on – for weeks, but I imagined that no one could pack up more than thirty years of love, life, and family in a short period. Because of the way I lived now, I didn’t own many material things. I’d sent artifacts from all over the world back to my parents, but I didn’t have a place of my own to put anything, since I wasn’t settled anywhere.

When I moved from one country to another, everything I owned fit into two suitcases and a carry-on. I sold or donated things to make room for new items in my wardrobe, kept digital copies of all of my files so that the hard copies weren’t weighing me down – my staff kept them in their personal office spaces. Kept my hair short so I didn’t need many tools and products, kept my diet simple so I didn’t need much cookware.

So even though I logically understood that a home that had been lived in for thirty-plus years would have lots of… stuff… the sheer amount of it still blew my mind.

Complicating matters was the fact that my mother hated to get rid of anything.

“Why on earth do you even have a crib, mama?” I asked, running a hand over the sleek, cherry-toned wood. “When I came to you guys, I wasn’t a baby.”

My mother shook her head as she looked up from where she was shaking out, and then re-folding blankets to pack into a box. “One of my girlfriends brought that over here. Her granddaughter outgrew it, and the parents needed it out to make room for her big girl bed. She didn’t have the space for it either, so I told her she could bring it over here. I was hoping I’d need it soon, for when it was time to watch my grandbaby.”

I pulled my hand back. “Oh. Well… are you going to have room for it at the new place? Where would you put it?”

My mother sighed. “Unfortunately, I’m going to have to let it go. I’ll call my girlfriend and see if she wants it back, and if not, we’ll donate it. And we’ll just have to get a little bassinet or something when you and Russell settle down for babies.”

Guilt pricked my chest as I dropped to my knees to open another box, avoiding my mother’s eyes. “I’m sure someone will be glad to have it.”

“Yes, I’m sure they will. How is Russell doing by the way? I hated that he had to rush off like that after the signing.”

I smiled at the neatly folded clothes in the box, then used the marker in my pocket to write “Toni’s Old Clothes – Preteen” on the side. “Uh, he’s doing fine.” Or at least, he had been when I saw him last night, after leaving the store. I was still riding the high of being around Justin for hours – lunch, and then at the bookstore – so when I found Russell waiting for me in the hotel lobby, I actually decided to be nice.

“Being nice” had led to drinks at the hotel bar, which led to him being allowed into my suite. Apparently, he and I had different ideas of what that would entail. I thought he was coming to talk. He thought he was coming to… ejaculate.

There hadn’t always been a huge difference between the two.

As much as I loved sex, it required an emotional connection for me. Not that I didn’t still have feelings for Russell – our engagement had only been over for a few months – but the strongest of those feelings were disillusionment and disdain. And contrary to one of my favorite romance tropes… I couldn’t have sex with someone I hated.

Not that I hated him.

But still.

For me, sex with him just wasn’t in the plans.

After that, it was a little too awkward to do much talking. He left, I went to bed alone, and instead of thinking about the future of my relationship with him… my thoughts went to Justin.

Had he gone to bed alone?

We were still pretty disconnected as friends, but if he was dating someone, certainly it would have come up. And Justin wasn’t really into casual sex – or at least hadn’t been – so I didn’t think he was sleeping with anyone either.

The question I should have asked myself was… why was I in my bed, thinking about what Justin was doing in his bed?

Because you wanted to be in his bed, fool.

I shook my head as I moved to the next box. What I didn’t want was my brain moving in that direction again.

“Did you hear what I said Toni?” my mother asked, and I looked up from the box of CDs.

“No, I’m sorry. What was it?”

“I was telling you it’s time to go. I promised your father dinner at Sammy’s, and then we’re going over to spend the night at the new place. I need to go by the store, then wash up and get ready.”

I frowned. “I’ve barely been helping for an hour though. I was expecting to make a dent today.”

“Well, just because I’m leaving doesn’t mean you have to. You still have keys, right?”

“Of course,” I smiled. “On the same silver heart keychain you gave them to me on.”

“That’s my girl,” she said, approaching to give me a hug. “So if you want to stay and keep packing, by all means, do it. Most of this stuff is yours from your room anyway.”

“You mean those B2K CDs aren’t yours?”

Mama laughed, shaking her head as she moved to the steps that led down from the attic. “No, my dear. G-Booger is all yours.”

“J-Boog, mama, daaaang,” I teased back as she left. I wondered if the posters and magazine articles that documented my one-sided, teenaged love affair with my favorite boy-band member were up here somewhere. And not just the ones I’d safely been able to plaster on my walls – the shirtless ones I kept folded in a box under my bed, along with the pictures of the man I was cheating on him with – C-Murder.

“What the hell was up with me and the alphabetical names?” I mused aloud as I propped my hands on my hips and looked around, wondering which of the mountain of boxes might hold those adolescent memories. Randomly, I started picking boxes, opening them and using my marker to label them with the contents. Most of the things could be given away.

I grinned when I came across a box of letters from Justin, and wondered if he still had the ones I’d sent him. Three summers’ worth of correspondence while I was away with my mother, on her yearly trip to Florida to spend a month with her parents. This was before the age of cell phones, so it wasn’t like we could just text back and forth. All of our little allowance, or paper route, or babysitting money was used on paper, pens, and stamps, so we could keep up with each other.

I labeled the box and closed it, then picked up another one. This one was heavier, so I sat it down on top of the desk that had been in my room until my father turned it into a man cave when I moved out.

This time, I laughed.

In the box were several different models of Nokia cell phones, and about a million different colorful faceplates. There were at least seven other phones – all had been mine – and you could see the clear progression in the technology. This box was filled with the evidence of my first job, when the only thing I cared about spending money on was clothes, food, and the latest cell phone – from Virgin Mobile, pay as you go, with the minutes to go with it— I could get my hands on.

Honestly… not much had changed from there, if I looked at where my money went now.

Aside from the cell phones, there were several iterations of the mp3 player, and a few sets of portable speakers in the box. On a whim, I picked up one of the players and hit the “power” button.

To my surprise, the thing actually turned on.

I didn’t have headphones, so I pulled out one of the speakers that worked essentially the same way. No power necessary, just plugged into the headphone jack. It was no surprise to me that B2K’s “Gots Ta Be” was the first thing that played.

I started singing along at the top of my lungs, surprising myself with my flawless memory of the lyrics. I moved back to the pile of boxes to keep working, letting my discovery furnish the background music the same way Earth, Wind, and Fire used to blast through the house on Saturday mornings while my mother cleaned.

I was making good progress getting those boxes marked, singing and laughing at myself for still knowing every single word. I almost jumped out of my skin after I sang a line about wanting to be the one my imaginary lover let eat off their plate, I heard “you can eat off my plate anytime.” in response.

I whipped around to see Justin standing at the top of the stairs, grinning hard as hell. I dropped the box I was holding and put my hand to my chest, wanting it to help calm my racing heart.

It didn’t.

It wasn’t just that he’d scared me that had my heart fluttering, and heat building in my face. He looked so damned good dressed down – sweats, long sleeved tee shirt clinging to his arms and chest, cap pulled down over his head – that it was hard to catch my breath.

“What are you doing here?” I asked, trying to look annoyed as I let my hands fall to my sides. He didn’t need to know I was excited to see him.

“Getting the concert I didn’t know I needed in my life,” he said, looking around for somewhere to sit. He chose an ottoman that had been a mainstay in my parent’s living room from the time I moved in, until I was sixteen. “I see you’ve still got those pipes, girl.”

I shrugged. “Once a singer always a singer, I guess. The question is, do you still have it? Everybody wasn’t calling you Ginuwine Jr just because you were so pretty.”

“Ah, whatever,” he said, brushing me off. “You were the one with the voice, I was just tagging along for your fame, Baby Girl.”

I giggled over that nickname. Back in high school, with my perfectly swooped bang, penchant for baggy clothes, and a decent voice, I’d been coined the “Pretty for a dark-skinned girl” version of Aaliyah. And, bless their hearts, they meant that shit as a compliment, and I took it as such, because I didn’t know then what I knew now.

In any case, I was “Baby Girl”, Justin was Ginuwine, and we had a Tim, a Magoo, and Nikita had been our Missy. Yeah, we were corny as hell in retrospect, but back then? We were friggin’ cool - not to be confused with the cool kids though.

“Here you go, right here,” he said, pointing toward my speaker set up as Aaliyah’s At Your Best began playing. “Serenade me.”

I grinned, and shook my head. “I don’t think so. What are you really doing here, and how the hell did you get in? Did my mother leave the door unlocked?”

“Nah,” he chuckled. “I came to drop off a bunch of empty boxes I had in storage. I was supposed to just leave them on the porch, but your mom was coming out when I pulled up, and she told me you were up here. Said I should come and help.”

I furrowed my brow. “But you’re sitting down right now. How is that helping?”

“I’m supervising.”

“Supervise your ass into one of those boxes,” I said, tossing him the extra marker I had. “They weren’t labeled, so I’m doing that now, so we can donate it or something. My parents won't have room in the new place.”

“And what about you?” he asked. My back was to him as I picked up another box, and I stayed that way as I lifted it onto the desk. “What is your place like?”

I shrugged. “I don’t really have one. I move around too much for that. I usually live out of extended stay hotels.”

“Oh, wow.”

“I keep trying to tell y’all I’m a nomad now, and y’all don’t believe me.”

Justin chuckled. “It’s not that I don’t believe you, it’s just… surprising. Don’t you need somewhere to call home once you get married?”

My hands were shaking as I wrote “picture frames” on the box in front of me. “No agreement on that.”

“Oh, okay. When is the wedding?”

“No agreement on that, either.”

“Oh.”

Yeah.

Oh.

I slid the box to the side of the desk, leaving space for me to pick up another. Instead of continuing the conversation, I really did start singing along with Aaliyah – my way of distracting from the questions about me and Russell. When At Your Best faded out, One in a Million faded in, and I sang along with that too. I got lost in it, actually, singing like I was alone in the room as I went through the boxes, until I realized Justin’s eyes hadn’t left me.

I put a box of stuffed animals on top of the picture frames, then turned to face him as I stuck the cap back on my marker. He was crouched behind an open box of yearbooks and photo albums, but I had his full attention. He was looking at me with something like… reverence in his eyes, and it made me feel… strange. I crossed my arms over my chest, covering the evidence of my hardening nipples.

“What?” I asked, propping my hip against the desk. “Do I have something on my face?”

“No.” He stood up. “It’s just… your voice. It’s beautiful. Kind of hits you right in the…” he pointed to his chest, but didn’t finish his statement.

I cleared my throat, and looked away, making myself busy with another box. “You’ve heard me sing about five million times, Justin.”

“Not in seven years though.”

“I was singing when you walked in a few minutes ago.”

“You were being silly, and still sounded good. This is different.”

I shook my head, but still didn’t turn around. “It’s just the song, Jus. I’m bringing back memories of your crush on the real Baby Girl.”

“I only know one “real” Baby Girl, and her name is Toni.”

“Stop,” I said, waving him off. “I don’t know why you’re up here trying to gas me up.”

“I’m catching up,” he teased, as the song faded out, and another took its place. “Heyyy,” he said, as the music shifted into something we both recognized.

“Oh God.” I covered my face with my hands as Timbaland launched into the opening rap, about a woman who suddenly didn’t want to be bothered with him, and wondering if another man had her attention. There wasn’t a single part of me that was surprised when Justin came up behind me and grabbed my hand, turning me around.

I pressed my lips together tight, trying hard not to smile as he sang the first line of the song, about trying to go on without me in his life. I’ll Do Anything, by Ginuwine, always brought back fond, funny memories of Justin for me.

He grabbed me by the hips, moving me to dance with him as he sang – and sounded damned good, to be honest.

“You remember when I sang this at the talent show in high school?” he asked, pulling me in closer.

I nodded, tipping my head back to look up at him as we moved. “I sure do. I also remember Coach Dawson snatching you off the stage after you ripped your shirt open, and gave half the population of the school the vapors. Those girls went nuts!”

“Good times, man. Good times.”

I giggled. “I bet it was. I seem to recall you were very, very popular after that. As a matter of fact… that’s why the school was calling you “LL Cool J” most of senior year, wasn’t it? You graduated up from Ginuwine.”

“The ladies loved cool Jus,” he chuckled, keeping his arms wrapped around my waist as he started singing again, this time right in my ear.

I bit down on my lip and closed my eyes, trying my hardest not to moan as his lips accidentally brushed my ear.

“Uh, yeah,” I nodded, trying to ease away. “They did. Pretty sure every girl in the auditorium that day left with wet panties.”

Justin stopped moving, and pulled his head back to raise an eyebrow at me. “Every girl?”

“Well, not me, of course,” I quickly covered, and my words were actually true. “You know you didn’t do anything for me back then. We were too close. I was immune to… these eyes, and that voice, and the charm.”

“Back then?”

My heart leaped up into my throat and got stuck, and I quickly swallowed it back down. “You know what I mean.”

“No, Tee. I really don’t. Explain it.”

“I can’t.”

“Why?”

I didn’t even realize I’d been moving, but suddenly the backs of my thighs met the desk, and I dropped my hands to grip the edge, steadying myself. Justin was right in front of me, all in my space, with this intensity in his eyes that made it hard to breathe. I dropped my gaze, trying to keep my shit together. “I… I don’t know what you’re looking for me to give you, Justin.”

“A straight answer,” he said, putting a finger under my chin to turn my face up toward his, so he could look me in the eyes.

I shrugged. “You haven’t asked a straight question.”

And I didn’t want him to. Friend or not, I was embarrassed beyond belief by my attraction to him. And now that I’d “outed” myself, I was past that. Now, I was mortified. Heart racing, face on fire, panties soaked, all thanks to a simple, innocent dance with my friend.

Friend.

How the hell was I supposed to admit that to him?

“You said you were immune to me – not physically attracted – back then. Back then. That implies that something is different now. Is something different now?”

I didn’t answer.

My brain couldn’t process the need to respond with all my blood rushing to my sex organs. It was busy. So I just stood there, chest heaving, eyes wide, like a fool while Justin looked at me, waiting for an answer I wouldn’t give if I could.

But I guess my non-existent answer was… an answer.

Maybe even the answer he wanted.

He leaned into me, lowering his mouth to mine. He teased my bottom lip with his tongue, then gently nipped it with his teeth before he pulled it into his mouth, gently sucking away the sting. He slipped his tongue between my lips and I opened for him, no hesitation, as he buried his fingers in my hair.

Noses mashed together, teeth clacking, lips swollen… Justin and I were for real kissing.

In real life.

And it was oomph-y as hell.

His grip on my hair tightened as he leaned into me more, and the edge of the desk pressed into the backs of my legs. I raised my arms, draping over his shoulders as my marker fell to the floor, completely forgotten. One of my hands rested on his shoulder, the other went to the back of his head. One of his hands stayed in my hair, pulling me deeper into the kiss, and the other went down to my ass, gripping and squeezing as he pressed his body closer to mine.

His dick was hard.

I was making his dick hard.

It seemed like he realized it at the same time I did, because he pulled back, suddenly, looking dazed. Neither of us said anything, and he ran his hand down his face, breaking our gaze for a moment before he brought his eyes back to mine.

“Tee—.”

Before he could get anything out, I reached up to press a finger to his lips. There was a question in his eyes, but I shook my head, then took his face in my hands, pulling his mouth back down to mine.

I didn’t want to talk about it.

Because if we talked about it, we would have to address that it wasn’t a good idea, that it didn’t make sense. So instead of speaking, I kissed him, and hoped he would take the hint.

He.

Did.

He took over the kiss, backing us into the desk again. There was a loud crash as he pushed the boxes stacked there off the side, then easily scooped me up to sit me down.

His hands went under my shirt, pushing my bra up to free my breasts. He cupped and squeezed and teased my nipples into hard, sensitive peaks as he devoured my mouth, then tore my shirt over my head for better access. I gripped the back of his head, panting as he suckled my nipples, going back and forth between them for equal attention. He licked and nipped and teased until I was shaking, then slipped a hand into the waistband of my leggings.

As soon as he touched me, I was ready to come unglued.

I was ready for him, now.

I grabbed the hem of his shirt, tugging until he let me pull it over his head. I didn’t even take time for admiration – as soon as I’d tossed the shirt to the floor, I went for his waistband, tugging his sweats and boxers down at the same time. He did the rest of the work to take off his shoes and finish getting undressed, then peeled me out of my panties and leggings. I opened my legs when he was done, then stretched my arms, reaching for him.

Are we really about to do this?

Justin stepped between my legs, and the velvety-soft head of his dick rested against my stomach, heavy and thick. He dropped his mouth to mine again, kissing me with the same frenzied passion I felt coursing through me, the same lust I’d felt since we first re-entered each other’s orbit.

His hand at my neck kept me in place as he had his way with my mouth. He used the other hand to lift my thigh, hooking my knee over his elbow. He kissed me harder – biting my lip sharply enough to make me whimper, then sucking it into his mouth as he lowered his hand to guide himself into me.

His tongue slid against mine as he stretched me open, prompting me to dig my fingers into his back. I held on to Justin tight, moaning into his mouth as he buried himself as deep as my body would allow. I pulled away from the kiss to take a breath, then burrowed my face into his neck as he slowly, deliberately pulled all the way out.

The deep, rumbling groan of pleasure he let out when he sank into me again made me grin against him. I lifted my head, accepting his mouth against mine for another kiss as he settled into a languid, steady rhythm.

Our gaze met, and held. I expected to feel uncomfortable, embarrassed by what we were doing, but instead I felt oddly… relaxed. Like what we were doing now was how it was always supposed to be. Even though we were renewing our friendship, and it seemed to come easily, there had been an awkwardness there, still.

An awkwardness I didn’t feel now.

Huh.

Talking to each other wasn’t the course correction we thought we needed.

Apparently, screwing each other was.

Justin leaned in as he delved into me, pressing his forehead to mine. Again, our eyes met, and his mouth curved into a grin. After a few seconds, so did mine, and then he leaned in a little more and kissed the smile off my face as he stroked deeper, harder, faster, stretching me open wider. My foot hit one of the speakers, knocking it off the desk, carrying the MP3 player with it. It all hit the floor in a loud crash, and then the music was gone. The only sounds were our pants and moans and groans of pleasure, the wet slide of him moving in and out of me, and the smack of his balls against my skin.

We were breaking the hell out of a rule I couldn’t quite remember.

He felt too damned good to be remembering rules right now.

I hooked my legs around his waist, and he plunged so deep that it sent a spasm of electric, pain-tinged pleasure rushing through me. My mouth opened, but nothing came out as he wrapped his arms around my waist, stroking so fast, so hard, that I wasn’t even touching the desk anymore.

Pleasure built deep, deep, deep in my stomach. A debilitating buzz that would undoubtedly make me burst if I gave in, but I chased it anyway, rocking into him as he slipped his hand between my legs.

He stopped moving. Instead, he kept me suspended in the air, impaled on his dick while he thumbed my swollen, sensitive clit in tight, fast circles that snatched my breath away. A high, keening moan built in my throat and I didn’t bother holding it back. I wrapped my arms around his neck and let the orgasm sweep through me, snatching a scream of ecstasy from my mouth as it hit.

Then, he started stroking again. The feeling of him inside of me, heavy and hot and hard, elongated the wave of my climax. My whole body tingled as I melted against him, feeling helpless – boneless – as he kept moving.

He gripped my ass cheeks, holding me tight as he ground into me one last time, pushing as deep as he could go before he released. He lowered me back to the desk as the tension left his body, then planted his hands on either side of me. We were both panting… physically spent from the intensity of release, and it took a second before either of us moved.

Justin was still inside of me when we met each other’s eyes. We stared at each other, with the same question on our mind – something I didn’t know until a few moments later. He pulled out, looked down at himself, then up at me. My legs were still open because I couldn’t find the strength to move, and his eyes stayed there for several seconds before he lifted his gaze to my face.

He pushed out a heavy sigh, scrubbed a hand over his face, and verbalized exactly what was in my head.

“What the hell did we just do?”





Eight.





Maybe that was a bad choice of words…

Toni hadn’t really responded to my “What the hell did we just do?”, unless snatching up her clothes and getting the hell out of that attic was the response. I hadn’t even said anything, either. What could I say, when I was just as… confused?

I knew my way around this house well – had spent a good thirty percent of my time here growing up. I gathered my clothes and found a bathroom to wash up, then went in pursuit of Toni with no idea of what I was going to say or do once I found her.

Rule #5 – Once you’ve crossed a line, you can’t go back.

I was pretty certain that wasn’t the only rule of ours we’d broken – ones about being on the same page about sex with your partner, using protection, smart rules that had been sprinkled into our list during our college years. But Rule #5 – that was the one making the alarm in my head chime the loudest.

And there wasn’t a damn thing I could do.

Even though a storm had sprung up, and it was pouring rain outside, I found Toni on the big screened porch that led to the backyard. The open door from the kitchen had led me in this direction – maybe her way of letting me know where she was. I stood in that open door, waiting for her to say something – anything – from her seat on the bench swing, with her legs tucked underneath her.

I waited what felt like a long time, and she said nothing.

“You know,” I started, turning my gaze out to the rain beating down on the huge weeping willow in the backyard. “It’s messing with me a little bit to think about not being able to come sit out on this porch with you anymore, once the house is sold. We used to sit out here and roast each other—”

“And Jay’s water-head ass,” Toni added, laughing. “Mama would pop us for making him cry.”

I nodded. “And you would get mad at me for bringing my baby brother with me all the time.”

Toni turned around, eyes bright, grinning. “Remember when you caught me back here making out with Danny Hall?”

“After you blasted me – talked so. Much. Shit. – about me fooling around with Sonia. You were a damn hypocrite. Fast ass.”

Toni broke into giggles, then shook her head before she turned around again. I moved from my position in the door, and went to sit down beside her.

“We have such an expansive history, Jus. All this, and we haven’t even revisited the college years yet.”

“Yeah, we do.” I looked at her, but she was looking out at the rain. “All those years of friendship, and then… a glitch. Record skipped, and now here we are.”

She ran a hand through her short curls. “Yeah. Here we are. Making new memories that we’ll look back on in a few years, and…”

“And…what?” I asked. “Laugh? Cry? Regret?”

She shrugged. “That depends on how we react to it.”

“And how are we reacting to it?”

“Is this a groupthink project or something motherfucker? I don’t know.”

I chuckled at her reaction, then shook my head. “I don’t either.”

There was silence between us for a few seconds, and then she nudged my arm, prompting me to glance up. I’d looked Toni in the face a million times. So much that her features were cataloged in my memory – only now, that memory had shifted, because I’d seen those same features do new things.

Lips parted to gasp in pleasure, nostrils flared to breathe through an orgasm, eyes half-lidded in bliss. Even now, she was still bathed in the afterglow of good sex.

I had done that to her.

“Hey,” she said, looking me right in the eyes. “Tell me what you’re thinking.”

“I’m thinking that I hope we didn’t jack this up,” I answered immediately. “We’ve been back on good terms for what… two weeks? Three? And we go and do… this.”

She nodded. “Yeah. That was…” Instead of immediately finishing her statement, she pulled her legs closer together, and covered her chest with her arm. “Something. That we obviously both wanted.”

“Right, but that’s not… us,” I said, shaking my head. “I don’t know where the hell it came from, but we never… that’s not…”

“I know that.” She sighed.

“But we can’t un-ring that bell. Not when it was so…”

She dragged her lip between her teeth. “Something?”

“Right. But, I don’t think either of us thinks a thing between us could work.”

“A thing?” she asked. “What kind of thing?”

I shrugged. “Like… a romantic thing, I guess. I mean, if there was something there, we would have known before now. And we’ve been friends too long, know too much about each other, all of that, right?”

Her eyes went wide, and then her gaze shot away from me, down to her entwined fingers in her lap. “Uh… right. Yeah.”

I frowned. That reaction struck me as odd – as if the situation wasn’t odd enough – but then I remembered something I probably should have been thinking about before I put my mouth on her.

“Why are you letting me sit here and talk like this, like you aren’t engaged, Tee? That adds a whole other level of confusion here that I wasn’t even considering.”

She pushed out a sigh, then lifted her eyes back to mine. “Because I’m not engaged, Jus. Russell and I broke up months ago. He’s only around now because he’s trying to get me back. Trying to stay in my good graces, I guess.”

Why was I so damned relieved to hear that?

A better man would have been happy to hear that he hadn’t participated in helping someone cheat on their man, but honestly… I didn’t really give a shit about that, in this specific situation. My first thoughts went to Toni’s availability, as if I hadn’t, not even thirty seconds before, been making a case for us to not pursue a romantic attachment.

“So… are you?”

“Am I what?”

“Getting back with him?”

She looked away again, and hiked her shoulders. “I don’t know. Maybe?”

“Why did you break up?”

“I don’t want to talk about it.”

“Okay, so then talk about why you didn’t tell me you two weren’t engaged, when we’ve talked about him several times.”

“I – mistakenly – thought it would keep me from giving in to the overwhelming desire to screw my newly restored best friend,” she said dryly, looking me right in the face. “Any more questions about that?”

I chuckled. “Uh… nah, that’s pretty clear.”

“Good. So where do we go from here?” she asked, angling her body to point toward me. She propped her elbow on the back of the swing, and then rested her head on her hand. “I don’t know if I can look at you and not think about the fact that you’ve been inside of me. Skin to skin. I’m going to have to wear a pantyliner tomorrow because of you. That’s not friendly shit.”

I ran a hand over my face. “I know. I know. And speaking of that… birth control?”

“Don’t worry, we didn’t make a Joni,” she laughed. “But we did kind of make a mess of our new friendship. I don’t want this to ruin what we were working on rebuilding. I mean… time changes people, yes. We weren’t around each other for a while, so now, as real grownups, there’s sexual chemistry there that probably wouldn’t have been, otherwise.”

Or would it?

“Okay,” I nodded, wanting to hear the rest.

“So we gave in to it. Got it out of our systems. And I don’t know about you, but I feel great.”

“I do too. So maybe… that’s done, right? A one-off. We did it, it’s done, we move on. We’re adults, who can control themselves. The extra shit will fade, and we’ll be back to the way we’re supposed to be.”

I didn’t even halfway believe the shit that was coming out of my mouth, but I wanted to. Toni was nodding, like we were on the same page, so… what else could I do?

“It’s at least worth a shot, right?” I asked – that, I did believe.

Toni wrinkled her nose at me, and shoved my shoulder. “Uh, Rule #9 fool. You’re stuck with me. We’re going to make it work.”

I grinned, then wrapped an arm around her, pulling her close.

“Yeah. We’ll make it work.”



- &-

“Who is the best agent, ever?”

“Uhh… whoever got that funny-looking kid with the only black speaking role from the slavery-set zombie show that tell-all book deal. Did you see that shit?”

Anthony rolled his eyes at my extended hand, then took the seat across from me at the lunch table. “You’re not funny, Mr. Wright.”

“My readers would beg to differ.”

He sniffed. “You won’t have any readers if we don’t get some buzz going soon about your new book.”

“I just released a book a few months ago.”

“Yes, with the power and finances of Lion Literary behind you. But you don’t want that anymore. Now, you want your dick held for you while you relieve yourself, which comes at a premium.”

I laughed. “I don’t want my dick held, I’d just like to decide for myself when and where I can take a piss.”

“And two-ply tissue for the tip, and organic soap for your hands, and a warm towel, and…”

“Okay, this analogy is getting away from us.”

He nodded his agreement. “So, I’ll get to the point. You don’t want a big publisher anymore, you want a boutique agency. But you don’t want one that’s small because it has to be, you want one that’s that way by design. I believe I referred to it before as a unicorn.”

“I remember. So… what’s the verdict?”

“That you have the best agent ever, and you should show me a little more respect. Because I found one that offers everything on your list, and is actively seeking a new author in your genre.”

“Cover input, creative control, and higher royalty split?”

“All of that. And the bag of chips to go with it – black owned.”

I sat up a little taller. “Okay, so let’s make a deal happen. Who is it?”

“Scattered Seeds Publishing.”

I swear those words came out of his mouth in slow motion.

Just as quickly as hope had built up that he’d found a new place for me to continue my career, it deflated. Of course I knew Scattered Seeds was the bomb, cause Toni built it. But I’d never looked very far into the business part of it, because it seemed silly to even entertain the idea that Toni would want to work with me again, after the way things fell apart.

Why on earth would she?

I hated to dash Anthony’s hopes, but I shook my head. “There has to be someone else, man.”

He frowned. “No, actually. There isn’t. Not operating with the same level of professionalism and respect. From all accounts, Scattered Seeds is a company to watch – and work with. I spoke to a few of their authors, and they are very well taken care of. I’m not understanding the problem. Don’t you know the owner? Didn’t she just host a signing for you at her family’s bookstore? Didn’t she publish your first book? I saw she was a BSU grad, just like you, and you’re the same age. You would have been on campus at the same time.”

“Yes,” I said, scrubbing hands over my face. “I know Toni, I do. But there’s some history there, that…”

Anthony leaned in, hands clasped in front of him on the table. “Keep talking.”

I let out a dry chuckle. “There’s not much to tell. Not much I’m going to tell. I’m just saying, my confidence in Toni accepting me onto the Scattered Seeds roster is slim.”

“You screwed her, didn’t you?”

I choked on the gulp of water I’d just taken. “What??”

“That’s what happened, isn’t it? You broke this girl’s heart back in college, and now she wants nothing to do with you.”

“No,” I insisted, clearing my throat. “That’s not what happened.”

“Then what did happen?” He asked, then immediately held up a hand for me not to answer. “You know what, never mind. I don’t even want to know. Plausible deniability. It doesn’t matter anyway. I choose to believe that this woman is a professional, and will not let your history dictate the terms of a smart business move. Besides that, she’s the CEO. You wouldn’t submit directly to her anyway. With her business structure, you would work with one of the editorial directors that works for her. Does she handpick some herself, yes. But you wouldn’t be working directly with her.”

“So you’re suggesting… I go around her to work with her company? Just submit a pitch without saying anything to her?”

“Yes.”

“No,” I said, firmly. “I can’t think of a worse possible idea. That’s a really fucking bad idea.”

Anthony put a hand to his chest. “Well excuse me, then. Care to offer a better suggestion?”

“Yeah, finding a different publisher. Or publishing independently.”

He shrugged. “You actually have the audience to publish independently and do well, but Justin… to be perfectly honest with you, you don’t want those problems. You want to have input, and I get that. But if you publish it yourself, it’s all up to you. Book tours, signings, finding an editor, a graphic designer, all of that. And you pay for all of it too. I’m telling you – Scattered Seeds is going to be your best option, for what you want to do.”

I let out a deep sigh, then leaned back in my chair, crossing my arms over my chest. “I’m not going to try to get around Toni. That’s some sneaky shit that would ruin any chance of a business relationship.”

And our friendship.

“That’s perfectly fine. You don’t have to. But when I submit a pitch, and talk to them on your behalf, it really wouldn’t be through Toni. That’s not sneaky, it’s just following the proper chain of command.”

“And I get that. I do. But we’re not talking about me with anybody, until I talk about this with her. Okay?”

Anthony nodded. “You’re the boss here, Justin. But I do at least need a synopsis, some chapters, something, so that I can start working on a pitch. Again, I can’t sell a book I know nothing about.”

“I’ll get it to you,” I agreed. “Soon.”

“Today, please. So that we can be ready. And you know as well as I do how fast these trends are born and die. Whatever this book is about, don’t take so long to talk to Toni that by the time we’re ready to publish, the industry has moved on to… I don’t know, memoirs from racist kindergarteners, or something.”

“I know.”

“Talk to her,” he insisted. “Soon.”

I nodded, but didn’t respond. He was right, obviously, but that didn’t make it an easier pill to swallow. For the next phase of my career, I needed a certain type of publisher. It was just my luck that the company who had what I needed was Toni’s.

How could I even approach her about something like this?

“Hey, I know we had a verbal agreement that you would publish the book I ended up giving to Lion Literary, the company who screwed you over and threatened to ruin your career. But… we’re cool now, right? Think we can work together again?”

The shit didn’t even sound right in my head, so I couldn’t imagine it sounding like music to Toni’s ears. I didn’t even know if we were okay like that yet.

But… I guessed I would soon find out.



- & -

“Your ass is in trouble.”

That was how Jason greeted me at my father’s door, laughing between his words. I’d gotten Cat to keep Bri even though it wasn’t her week, so that I could rush over in response to the terse “Get your ass over here.” my father had left on my voicemail.

“What the hell is going on?” I asked Joseph, who was seated at the kitchen table, looking just as lost as I felt.

He shrugged. “I don’t know. Jason called me over here, saying he was going to need my help to keep Pops off of you.”

I frowned. “For what?” I looked up at Jason, who had a silly look on his face, but only shook his head. He wiped off the smirk as soon as we heard my father’s footsteps on the stairs, and a few moments later, he appeared at the door.

He looked right at me, pointed a thick finger in my direction, and said, “Boy, I’m gonna kill you,” before he lunged at me.

To kill me, presumably.

Jason and Joseph were too fast, catching him before he could reach where I still sat, stunned. “What is going on??” I asked, standing to approach my father. “What the hell did I do?”

“You told that woman to propose to me?” My father asked, scowling as he shook my brothers off. “I oughta go upside your head for that stupid shit!”

I tipped my head to the side. “Are you talking about Imara? I didn’t tell her to propose to you, hell no. I didn’t even know she was going through with it! She told you I said that?”

“Well… not exactly. But she said she had your blessing to suggest that nonsense!”

“I mean, that part is true,” I responded, then frowned. “I know it’s a little untraditional Pops, but I thought you loved this woman. I’m trying to understand why you’re so upset she would want to get married enough that she proposed to you. I thought you were into all her idiosyncrasies and all of that.”

He crossed his arms over his chest, and if I didn’t know better, I’d swear the man growled. “Well, I thought so too. But Imara doesn’t want to get married, son. I would think you’d be clear on that before you gave your blessing. You’re supposed to be the researcher, the organized one.”

“What do you mean, she doesn’t want to get married? Then what the hell did she propose?”

His frowned deepened, and the anger radiating off him made me take a step back. “I got up at four in the morning and hiked a goddamn mountain with this woman for her to propose a goddamn “ancient commitment ritual” to me.”

“Oh, shit,” Joseph and I said at the same time, and Jason put a hand over his mouth, smothering his laughter. I exchanged a look with my brothers, hoping one of them knew what the fuck an “ancient commitment ritual” was, but they both shook their head.

“I…” I reached up to scratch my head. “Pops… I mean… that sounds like a marriage to me, right? Commitment… Ritual…”

“She made it very clear that it wasn’t that. Not a legal marriage at all, just some…nonsense where we exchange rings.” – he stopped to look at Jason, who’s eyes were watering from trying to hold in his laughter. “It’s not funny boy. I’ll knock that other leg into next week if you don’t cut the bullshit.”

The kitchen was dead silent for about five seconds before me, Joseph, and Jason all burst into laughter, unable to help it. My father huffed, and then turned to leave, but I caught his arm.

“Wait up,” I said, wiping my face. “Come on, man. You have to find the humor in it. I don’t even know the professor like you do, and I know this is very… her. Don’t sweat it so hard.”

His nostrils flared. “Don’t sweat it so hard is easy to say when a ridiculous proposal doesn’t lead to you finding out the woman you love doesn’t want to be married again. That she’s adamant about it, in fact. Now you boys know I’m not going to just be laying with a woman forever and not put a damned ring on her finger. But guess what?”

The humor of Imara’s proposal had worn out of the room, and I swallowed hard. “What?”

“Those two things don’t go together. A man who wants to be married, and a woman who doesn’t. And I’m not talking about some new-fangled “ritual”. A real marriage. It doesn’t match up. And neither of us have the time left to waste with someone who doesn’t want what we want.”

I shook my head. “I’m sure the two of you can come to some sort of compromise or something, right? There has to be a middle ground.”

“There isn’t one. It’s done. And… I guess I’ll be alright. But do me a favor, son?”

There was a lump building in my throat that I was sure couldn’t compare to the one probably in his. His eyes were glossy, and filled with the kind of hurt I didn’t think I would see again.

“Anything, Pops.”

He put a finger in my chest. “The next time my woman comes to talk to you about me and her – stay out of my business.”

I couldn’t even respond to that. He turned and went back upstairs, and I stood there like a damn fool until Jason came and clapped me on the shoulder.

“Man, I can’t believe Imara dragged me into this shit. How the hell is this my fault?” I asked him, as we stepped back into the kitchen.

“He’s just pissed about them breaking up,” Joseph offered, leaning against the countertop. “He’s venting it out.”

“Then damn, vent at her,” I said. “That’s who he should be pissed at. That’s who the hell I’m pissed at.”

Jason shook his head. “Imara has good intentions, man. Me and Reese were on the hike with them, that’s how I saw it all. Lowkey… it was romantic as fuck, at the top of one of the mountain peaks. She said some little sweet words and shit, and Pops was embarrassed but… he agreed to it. But she never phrased it like “marry me”, it was all “spend our life together” and stuff like that. He said something about planning a wedding, and getting a marriage license, and that’s when she pumped those brakes and corrected him. We drove up in separate cars, so Reese pulled me away to give them their privacy. We hiked back down. I didn’t even know they had broken up.”

“But why would she do that shit, still?” I asked, throwing my hands up. “Our father is a good man, crazy about her. Why wouldn’t she want to get married?”

Jason hiked his shoulders, then let them drop. “According to Reese, that’s her dad’s fault. You know Imara was divorced from Reese’s father cause he kind of dogged her out. Lying, sleeping around, all of that. It turned her off from marriage, so she doesn’t want to do it again.”

I rolled my eyes. “Okay, so shut up about it then. Why come up with this commitment ceremony bullshit that obviously just pissed Pops off?”

“Maybe she was trying to meet him in the middle, like you said,” Joseph offered. “Not legally married because she’s not down with it, but still committed.”

I scoffed. “Yeah… maybe so. This is fucked up though.”

“It is,” my brothers agreed.

“But,” Joseph said, “Maybe it’s not the end. I’m pretty sure this is their first… disagreement or whatever, so maybe they just need time.”

“I hope so. Because I don’t want to see Pops walking around here like he was after Mama passed again. That’s not an option.”

Jason blew out a sigh. “We might have to intervene.”

“I’m not intervening in shit,” I laughed. “No sir. I don’t want to be blamed for shit.”

“But they’re going to have to get along,” he insisted. “At least be on halfway decent terms. In case you motherfuckers forgot, I’m with Professor’s daughter.”

Shit.

I had forgotten, just that quick.

“And,” Jason continued. “I’m about to be even more with her.” He pulled a silver velvet box from the pocket of the hoodie he was wearing, and flipped it open, then sat it down in the middle of the counter.

“Daaamn,” me and Joseph said, in unison.

Jason nodded. “Right. If Reese says yes, they’re going to be a part of this family. Professor and Pops are gonna be around each other… like it or not.”

“Did you get Devyn to help you pick this?” Joseph asked, picking up the ring to examine it closer. “Is that where she’s been sneaking off to on her lunch breaks at the hospital?”

Jason grinned. “Sorry, bruh. But yeah, she helped.”

“You wouldn’t happen to have noticed what kind of things caught her personal attention, would you?"

Jason’s eyes went wide at the same time mine did. “Yo,” he said. “Are you thinking about proposing to Devyn?”

As usual, Joseph shrugged it off, trying to play it cool. “Maybe. Maybe soon. Definitely soon. I’d like us to be married before the baby comes, if she’ll let me talk her into it.”

I scowled. “Well, shit. So all the men in the Wright family have a proposal happening except me? What the hell is this?”

“Don’t feel left out, Jus.” Joseph clapped me on the shoulder. “You qualify too.”

Jason nodded. “Yeah. I mean… the woman you want is engaged… which means somebody proposed to her. See? There you go!”

I shoved them both away from me. “Man, fuck y’all. She’s not even…”

Shit.

That wasn’t really my news to tell, so I simply shook my head. “At what point are y’all going to stop trying to push this “Justin and Toni” thing?”

“When you stop trying to act like there isn’t a thing,” Joseph laughed. “How is she, by the way? Is she still leaving again in a few weeks?”

“Nah,” I shook my head. “She’s here for two months.”

Jason lifted an eyebrow. “And she’s been here at least one of those months. It’s almost time for her to go. You’d better dig up one of those romance plots, bruh – figure out how to make her love you in three weeks. If those niggas can figure the shit out, so can you.”

“Man, whatever,” I said, sucking my teeth. “I’m about to get out of here, cause y’all are tripping.”

Hell, my whole world was tripping.

I said goodbye to my brothers, then tossed it around in my head as I left. Sex with Toni was the first anomaly, and then a wack-ass “let’s just be friends” agreement that was almost definitely going to blow up in our faces.

Anthony was next, with what I knew to be facts about the potential of where I wanted to take my career. Scattered Seeds was the best route for that, but with my history with Toni, that was messy.

Hell… with my present with Toni, the shit was messy.

We’d just become friends again. Then put that in jeopardy by complicating it with sex. Now I was supposed to further muck it up by trying to add a business relationship into the mix.

And then the shit with my father.

I mean… I guess I understood where Imara was coming from, with not wanting to get married again, but goddamn. Why did I have to be pulled into their shit, or even mentioned at all? Logically, I knew that the proposal wasn’t the actual problem – the revelation afterward was. But the proposal was the catalyst, and in my father’s mind, if I hadn’t given my blessing, they wouldn’t be having a problem.

A problem that was turning into my problem.

I blew out a sigh as I turned on the ignition in my car. I pulled out my dying cell phone to plug it into my car charger for the trip across town to pick up Bri, and then back home. I noticed then that I had an unread text.

“Hey! Nikita, Rich, and EJ want to get together Saturday. Shots and bowling. You in? – Baby Girl.”

I smiled, then typed out my response, glad that at the very least, it seemed like we might be able to make this “friends” thing happen.

“Yeah. Bri will be with Cat this weekend, so I’m down.”

“Yess! College bestie date! - Baby Girl.”

I put the phone down in the console, then pulled out of the driveway.

At least something was going right.





Nine



“What on earth makes him think he can screw me like that, and then we just go back to being friends like nothing happened?? Huh?”

My frantically whispered question made Aviva’s eyes go wide, and she glanced up, lips parted in shock before she slid away from me on the pew.

“What are you doing?” I hissed, scooting to her side again, earning myself a scowl.

“Getting away from you before your heathen behind gets struck by lightning for talking like that in this church!”

I rolled my eyes. “I’m the heathen? The man you’re screwing twice a day is at home taking care of the stranger danger donor’s baby you had injected into you and you’re going to sit here and call me the heathen?”

“…Touché. Come on.”

Aviva grabbed me by the sleeve and practically dragged me out of the sanctuary, into the front foyer of the church.

“What are you doing??” she whisper-yelled to me, leading me to the front door. “I brought you to bible study with me so we could work on being better, and look at you!”

“Vi, please. You brought me to bible study because you’re trying to get deep enough into your pastor’s good graces that he’ll do a dedication ceremony for your out-of-wedlock baby.”

“You should mind your business. And take down some of these buttons, what are you a nun? A man of God is still a man, and my pastor is a young, handsome, single one. Come on back in here so he can get a good look at you.”

“So you can pimp me out to your pastor, but you can’t talk to me about Justin?”

Vi rolled her eyes, then propped her hands on her hips. “Toni, I am not about to go down that rabbit hole with you again. You’ve been talking my ear off about your little attic escapade, when I’ve already told you what you should do.”

“I can’t do that!”

“You can’t tell him how you feel, but you can beat me down about it while I’m trying to hear the word?”

“I can’t tell him how I feel because I don’t know how I feel.”

“So tell him you don’t know how you feel.”

“I can’t do that either, because he was… pretty clear in telling me how he felt. He only wants to be friends, Vi. What would I look like telling him “Hey, actually, I’m pretty confused about the fact that I’m more attracted to you now, and I have a nagging feeling that we should explore the possibility of something else.”?”

Aviva wrinkled her nose. “Umm, an honest person is what you’d look like, Tee. And you’d be a lot less stressed, it seems like. You’re bugging right now.”

“Uh, duh. I screwed the person I’ve been friends with since elementary – who I had rules about not screwing. Yeah, I’m freaking out!”

“So stop,” Vi said, putting her hands on my shoulders. “You have three options here. Leave, and keep globe-hopping so you never have to see him again. Keep following his lead, and just be friends… and seduce this pastor real quick for me. Or you can tell him how you feel, and let the chips fall where they may. But freaking out? Getting you nowhere.”

I sighed. “He was clear about not wanting to try anything romantic. Crystal.”

And… it kind of hurt my feelings, not that I’m going to tell anyone else that.

“And,” I continued, “I already did the first option, staying away from home so I wouldn’t have to see him. I’m not doing that again.”

Aviva shrugged. “So, that leads you to door number two. I’m going to see if I can get you into a lunch date with Pastor Childs. What are the requirements for a pastoral care visit?”

“Aviva!” I scolded, smacking her arm. “I do not need pastoral care, and I am not seducing your pastor.”

“You promised!”

My eyes went wide as I laughed. “I promised you no such thing! I told you I would come to bible study. I’m here.”

“And bible study is happening in there,” she pointed. “If you aren’t throwing pastor the pussy, we have to get in there and at least look holy, or something.”

I shook my head. “That man is going to see right through you.”

“Not if you crank those titties up high enough, cousin.”

I gasped, then moved away from her, glancing up at the ceiling. “Now who’s about to get struck?”

“God knows my heart,” Aviva shot back, laughing. “And he knows I’m just playing. Trying to distract my cousin from freaking out about something she doesn’t have to.”

“Easy for you to say.”

“Because it’s true,” she said, grabbing my arm. “Listen to me… you and Jus are going to be fine, no matter what path you end up deciding to take. Look at how you’ve bounced back from seven years of not speaking. I think that if you relax…talk to him… and keep that communication open, it will keep you guys on the right track. But keeping these feelings in is just going to turn it into something else. Don’t do that to yourself, or your friendship.”

I considered Aviva’s words for a few seconds, then blew out a sigh. “You think you’re wise, don’t you?”

“Oh I know I am.” She looped her arm through mine, leading me back to the sanctuary doors. “Now come on. And stand up taller, so Pastor can see you.”



- & -

Erykah Badu’s Next Lifetime pumped through the wireless speaker I’d brought into the bathroom with me to get ready. Saturday had arrived, meaning it was time for me to come face to face with Justin again.

I hadn’t physically seen him in five days – not since that night in my parent’s attic. I couldn’t say if he was avoiding me or not, but I was certainly avoiding him, not wanting to end up introducing a conversation I wasn’t ready to have.

That was Rule #2 – Don’t let your mouth write a check your ass can’t cash.

And when it came to that particular conversation, my funds were insufficient.

In the closet, my fingers played over the garment bags that contained the stuff I wore when I was trying to dress to impress. I let out a deep sigh, reminding myself that I was going out with friends. Plural. Not just one in particular. I pulled out a pair of jeans and a sweater, then started getting dressed.

Bowling had been Nikita’s idea. It had been one of the things we had done as a group on the regular before I left, and according to her, they’d never been without me. So for our first time going back in so long, it was kind of a big deal, and everybody seemed excited about it.

I wanted to be excited about it, if I could swallow my anxiety that long.

“What are you worried about?” I asked myself in the mirror. “It’s just Justin. You’ve seen him wipe his nose with his arm.”

I scanned myself in the mirror, making sure I was happy with my outfit choice before I moved on to hair and makeup. Twenty minutes later, I was ready to go.

Accepting Justin’s offer of a ride hadn’t been my wisest move, if I was trying to avoid talking, but I couldn’t deny the giddiness I felt when I heard his firm knock on my suite door. I checked myself in the mirror one last time, then practically skipped to open it.

“How did I know you’d be ten minutes early?” I asked as I pulled it open… to find a surprised-looking Russell on the other side. My eyes went wide, lips parted – we hadn’t really spoken since his failed attempt to get into my panties two weeks ago.

“You look… amazing,” he said, his eyes roving over my body before they came back up to my face. “You were heading out?”

I crossed my arms around myself. “Uh, yeah. You’re making these pop ups a habit, huh?”

“I’m sorry,” he said, shaking his head. “I just… I called myself surprising you. I probably should have called first. But… we never did really have that talk.”

“Russell… if you wanted to talk, you should have called, period. We can say what we need to say over the phone.”

He blinked. “Wow. So… you really are done then?”

“I don’t see how I could be anything else. We aren’t on the same page. I can’t give you what you want.”

“We’re still young,” he said, grabbing my hands. “I messed up, by breaking up with you. It was stupid, and selfish of me to push you about starting a family. I get it, Toni. You’re still building your publishing company, you’re still grinding. You’re not ready to slow that down and think about kids, none of that. But… we wouldn’t have to think about that right away. We can take our time to plan the wedding, get married, have a long honeymoon. Enjoy each other for a few years, then talk about kids.”

“Why are you trying to force this, Russell?” I asked, shaking my head.

“Because I love you.”

“Do you?” I shrugged. “Did you? Cause I would think love would have kept you from breaking my heart while I was already broken. So did you love me, or were you just used to me? Decided I would make a suitable wife, and then when you realized that a key element of my suitability was missing… you dumped me. And now, you call that a mistake, but I don’t think it was. Because it gave me to time to wonder if I really loved you.”

Russell swallowed hard, pushing his hands into his pockets. “And what did you decide? Did you love me?”

“I did. Did.”

His eyebrow twitched. “Wow. Ouch.”

“That’s the same thing I said when I realized you were breaking up with me.”

“So that’s all? That’s just… it? Even with me saying that I’m willing to step back, and compromise… nothing?”

“Everything good?”

I looked up to see Justin standing a few feet away from where Russell and I were talking, in my open door.

Russell looked up too, and once he saw Justin, turned back to me and scoffed. “So is this why you didn’t even invite me inside to talk? You’re dressing up for this dude? What, are you fucking him now?”

“Adjust your tone, my man,” Justin said, taking a few steps forward, but not getting between us.

Russell scowled, turning fully in Justin’s direction, hands raised. “This isn’t any of your business, okay? I’m just talking to her.”

“Okay. Say what you need to say… but adjust your fucking tone when you’re talking to her.” Justin took a few more steps, resting against the wall beside my door.

“Or what?” Russell asked, moving into Justin’s personal space. Justin didn’t move from the wall, just gave him a disrespectfully bored smirk.

“Or I might kick your ass.” Justin chuckled, then looked at me, raising a quizzical hand in Russell’s direction. “Who is this dude? “Or what?” Is he serious?” Justin laughed again, and I had to bite the inside of my lip to keep from laughing too.

“I am, actually.” Russell made what I clocked as a mistake, and stepped into Justin’s face. “You think you can come out of nowhere and take Toni from me?”

Justin straightened up, jaw clenched as he stared Russell down. “I’ve known Baby Girl since she was eight years old, bruh. I didn’t come out of nowhere.” That disrespectful ass smirk came back as Justin leaned in. “And let me tell you a secret… I can’t take what’s not yours. She isn’t yours.”

“That’s not up to you.”

Justin chuckled. “You’re right,” he said, pointing at Russell for emphasis. “It’s not. It’s up to her. And I think she made herself clear. Now if you don’t mind, we don’t want to be late for our plans.”

“And what if I do mind?” Russell asked, getting too loud, too close, and too aggressive – evidenced by the way Justin’s hands immediately went up to shove him out of his space.

“Then you can get your ass kicked, like I already told you,” Justin said, in a deep rumble that pulled at my belly. Justin advanced on Russell, who looked shocked to see this side of “Mr. Bestseller”. “Who the fuck are you running up on, getting loud with? Do not,” Justin warned, finger in Russell’s face as he spat the words out, “let the literary accolades fool you into thinking I won’t mop the floor with your stupid ass, okay?”

“Okay,” I said, squeezing between them. I knew from experience that Justin was, at this moment, hyper-aware of my presence, and wouldn’t swing if there was a chance of hurting me. I pushed him back, then turned to Russell. “What the hell are you doing?” I whispered, trying to save some of his pride. “You don’t fight, fool! Justin will literally mop the floor with you. I’ve seen him do it.”

“So you have known him since you were a kid?” Russell asked, nostrils flared as he stared over my shoulder to where Justin was standing.

I nodded, trying not to meet his eyes. “Yes. Twenty-three years. He was my best friend.”

“And I’m just now hearing about this?” He asked, looking disgusted. “You knew you were coming here to host his signing, and it never occurred to you to mention it?”

“When was I supposed to get a word in, with you constantly prattling on about where you’d been and where you were going next?” I snapped. “All you want to talk about is world cultures, and politics, and food, whatever-the-fuck else you can to make sure somebody knows you’re a well-traveled, well-read, well-educated black man. Oh, and so goddamn handsome it’s like the savory gravy on a homemade biscuit,” I said, mocking his arrogance, and the affirmation he picked up from his mama.

“Don’t you try to turn this on me!”

I let out a fake gasp, but still kept my voice low, trying to keep the conversation just between me and him. “Oh, wow! You don’t want to make it about you for once, Russell? What a shock!” I snapped, crossing my arms. “I intervened to save you, but since you’re standing here pretending to be scandalized, maybe I should let him kick your ass.”

“Whatever, Toni,” Russell said, shaking his head. “I’m done with this. I can use this energy to find a woman capable of giving me a family. I was settling for you – good luck finding somebody else who will.”

I flinched like he’d smacked me across the face at those words. He shook his head as he backed away from me and then headed down the hall. I turned just in time to see Justin fake like he was about to lunge at him, and Russell nearly jumped out of his shoes scrambling away.

It was a funny sight I couldn’t even really take joy in, because of that parting message.

Justin grabbed my hand as I headed back into the room, turning me to face him. “Hey… What did he say to you? You good?” he asked, and I nodded, trying not to meet his eyes.

“Yeah,” I said. “I’m good. Let’s go, before we end up being late.”

It was clear from Justin’s expression that he didn’t believe me, but he didn’t argue. A few minutes later, we were in the cool, delicious-smelling, all-black interior of Justin’s truck. I settled into the plush leather of his seats and closed my eyes as he drove. I didn’t open them until I realized that Next Lifetime was playing faintly from his speakers.

Instead of saying anything to him, I picked up his phone from the middle console, and powered it on to see the song information displayed on the lock screen. I smiled, for the first time since the incident upstairs with Russell, when I saw the name of the playlist.

Toni’s Mix.

“So… we going to talk about this or not?” he asked, pulling up to a light.

I rolled my eyes at the feeling of déjà vu. “Is not an actual option?”

“Really? No. I want to know what he said to you, before he walked off. You looked like you’d seen a ghost, and I’m trying to figure out if I need to-”

“No,” I shook my head. “You don’t. However that sentence was going to end, no you don’t, because Russell doesn’t matter.”

“Tell me what he said.”

I pushed out a sigh as he started driving again. “He said something about finding a woman who could give him a family. And wished me luck finding someone who would settle for me, since I can’t.”

“What?” Justin said, confusion obvious in his tone as he turned into the intersection that would get us to bowling. “What does that even mean?”

“It means exactly what he said. He wants a woman who can have a baby. That’s why he broke up with me in the first place.”

“Wait… so… you can’t have a baby?”

I looked straight in front of me, at the passing traffic, as I shook my head. “Nope. And until about six months ago, I didn’t know. I had a cyst on my ovary, that burst. Not that I knew what it was at the time, I was just in pain, but that’s the diagnosis that I got after an ultrasound, which I’d never had before. Along with the awesome news that my fallopian tubes are basically chopped liver, and my uterus is “abnormal”.”

“Toni…”

I shrugged. “It’s fine. I’m fine. Just… a very, very, very low chance of me ever successfully carrying a pregnancy. With no answers for why, or what happened… it’s just the way the cookie crumbled for me.”

“Toni, that’s—”

“Fine, is what it is. Seriously, Jus. You know me… babies are adorable, and all that, but I’ve never just deeply desired kids. I’m okay with it, really. But who the hell is going to want to spend their life with someone who can’t give them a family, huh? And then… my mother. She’s always talked about this, how she’s so lucky to have me, because I can give her grandbabies.”

“That’s not the only reason your mother feels lucky to have you.”

I nodded. “I know that. I do. But it’s just… she was so happy when I told her I was engaged. Never overbearing with it, or anything like that, just thrilled that her time to be a grandmother was finally coming. How am I supposed to tell her this? If I tell her Russell and I broke up, she’s going to want to know why. And the why is that… he wants someone who can conceive and carry his child… eventually.”

“He seemed like he wanted you.”

“Yeah,” I scoffed. “And at some point, we would go into massive debt and donate my body to science in pursuit of a pregnancy I don’t even feel that strongly about. I’m not interested in taking on the huge monetary, emotional, and physical costs of an experience I could take or leave. I even suggested adoption, which I am interested in, because I know there are a million kids like me, who could use a good home. He shot it down. He wants biological children, which is his right, I guess, but… can we talk about something else?”

Justin pushed out a deep sigh before he nodded. At the next light, he turned to me.

“Pops is pissed at me, because he thinks it’s my fault Imara proposed a “lifetime commitment” to him, he got completely pissed about it and shut it down, and now they’re broken up.”

My eyebrow shot up. “Lifetime commitment? What is that?”

“A good ass question,” Justin chuckled. “Shacking for the rest of their lives, I guess. Which Pops isn’t down with.”

“Why wouldn’t they just get married?”

“Another good question. But apparently, Imara has decided that because her ex-husband screwed her over, Pops has to pay for it.”

“What?”

“She doesn’t want to be married again.”

I sucked my teeth. “Oh God.”

“Exactly.”

I sucked my teeth again. “No, fool – the Oh God is aimed at you. Why do men do that shit? Think that because a woman has a bad experience and decides she’s not doing something again, she’s making other men pay for a previous man’s fuck up? No – it’s called learning from your mistakes. When you get screwed over a certain way, if you’re smart, it makes you hesitant to put yourself in that position again.”

“But my father wouldn’t do her like that. He’s a good man.”

“I’m sure her ex-husband seemed like one too.”

Justin groaned, and shook his head. “I’m just saying… it doesn’t seem like the smartest move to me. She came to me, all gung-ho for my approval to “propose”, when she’s scared of the commitment of marriage? What sense does that make?”

“Are you really this dense, Jus? You have a woman, approaching a certain age, who loves a man, also of a certain age. Both have been married before, thought they had the love of their life. But now new love comes along, and it’s probably scary, on both sides. But only one of them got dragged by the hair by love – Imara. And even though she’s scared of being hurt again, she loves your father. She wants to be with him, but she also wants to not put herself in the same position she was in before. This woman finds the courage to ask you for your blessing, to buy a ring, to get down on one knee and ask a man to commit to her… and Big Joe gets… mad about that? What sense does that make?”

Justin was quiet for a few seconds, and then, “Well… I never thought about it like that.”

“Of course you didn’t,” I laughed. “Because the woman is always wrong. We’re supposed to roll over on our back and expose our belly to get scratched just because y’all are “good men”. And then, when we get screwed over by who we thought was a “good man”, that’s our fault too because we should have known better. But oh, we’d better not dare be hesitant, or, scared, or unforgiving, or make the next man put in work for us, because that’s just stupid… you’re all such “good” men. We should just be glad to be getting some of your attention anyway.”

“Ah, come onnn, with that shit, Tee.”

“Am I lying?”

“Man…”

“Am. I. Lying?” I repeated, punctuating my words with claps as I laughed.

Justin shook his head, trying his best to conceal a grin before he finally spoke. “I guess I see your point. But what is he supposed to do, agree to something he’s not down with?”

“I’m not suggesting that. He has a right to his standards, just like she has a right to hers. But I’m wondering if he’s even given the “lifelong commitment” any consideration?”

Justin let out a bark of laughter. “If Russell had come to you with that shit, would you have considered?”

“It depends on what it would entail,” I answered with a shrug. “We each have our own place, our own space. Gives us time to miss each other, and have some privacy, if we wanted. You don’t have to adjust to anyone’s habits, do anybody else’s laundry. We could have sleepovers whenever we wanted, movie dates, all of that, then go back home – to our own house. Sounds dreamy to me.”

“Stop bullshitting,” Justin said, and I shook my head.

“I’m not! Tell me that doesn’t sound appealing.”

We finally pulled into the parking lot of the black-owned bowling alley/bar/lounge where we were meeting our friends. Justin turned to me as we were waiting in line for the valet.

“So you’re telling me you don’t want to wake up together, have breakfast together. Take comfort in knowing the other person is just in the other room if you need them. Fall asleep on the couch, have random midday sex in the kitchen, all the perks of living together?”

I tipped my head to the side, thinking about it. “You make good points. I see the benefit in all of those. So maybe… just separate bedrooms then.”

“Whatever,” he shook his head. “You know you want to be able to cuddle up in bed and warm up your cold ass feet at any time. I don’t know why you’re playing.”

“Are you offering your feet warming services Justin?”

He sucked his teeth. “Man, hell nah. Keep your icicle toes to yourself, Ms. Need My Own Space.”

After that, it was our turn, so we got out, still laughing. Justin handed over his keys, then looped an arm around my shoulders, pulling me in close as we approached the entrance to the lounge.

“Hey,” he said, stopping to get me to meet his eyes. “You sure you’re good? You know… about the shit with you and Russell.”

For a while, I hadn’t been good with the news of my infertility. I’d cried and yelled and prayed and cried some more, until I was out of the energy to do any of it. And like I’d told Justin, it wasn’t even that I felt a personal sense of loss over not being able to have a child. It was the implications of what it meant to the people I loved – at the time, Russell and my mother – that left me the most heartbroken about it. But now that I’d been able to sit with it a few months, I was getting to a place of being okay – somewhere I needed to be, before I could bring it up to my mother.

And as far as Russell went?

I didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of affecting me.

I smiled as I tipped my head up in his direction, and nodded. “Yeah. Never better.”

“Are you sure?” he asked, taking my face in his hands. It wasn’t sexual at all – just… intimate. A normally innocent act complicated by the fact that last time he held me like this had been followed by a mind-blowing kiss, and my body was practically humming with anticipation that it was about to happen again.

But he’d been clear.

Down girl, I told myself, and swallowed the fact that it hurt a little.

“Yes,” I said aloud, trying not to look too deeply into his eyes. “Seriously. And if I wasn’t… I couldn’t think of a better remedy than going in here and having some drinks, and being silly with my friends. Okay?”

He leaned in, and my heart seized in my chest, but his lips landed on my forehead, in a soft brush that was barely a kiss. “Okay,” he said, then grabbed me by the hand to lead me in.

God, please let me get over this… whatever this is… soon.





Ten.





Things were definitely different.

I mean, not that it wasn’t already obvious, but damn… every moment I was around Toni drove it home a little more. From wanting to tear ol’ boy’s head off his shoulders for doing nothing more than getting on Toni’s nerves, to wanting to comfort her about the news of her infertility, to being a little too interested in her views on marriage and cohabitation. Why did her position have me examining mine, wondering if there was somewhere we could meet in the middle?

If we were friends, why the hell did that matter?

But friend certainly wasn’t the word that ran through my head as I watched Toni sashay up to the bowling lane to take her turn. The speakers were loud, and the overhead lights were off – everything was lit by the neon glow of the lighted decorations that lined the bowling lanes and pins. Perfect cover for me to have my eyes glued to Toni’s ass in her tight jeans as she made a big show of her turn to bowl.

“Roll the damn ball girl,” Rich shouted to her from beside me, laughing when she turned to flip him off. “Stop stalling, and let a real bowler get up and show you motherfuckers how it’s done.”

“Boy, we’re on the last frame, and your score is damn eighty-two. Let me know when that real bowler shows up, okay?” Toni teased, then turned back around. My groin twitched as she bent at the waist to bowl, then raised up, hands on her hips as she watched the ball travel down the lane.

“Ayyy!” she yelled, raising her hands and doing a little hip roll to the beat of the music as all ten pins went crashing down when the ball connected. Her eyes landed on me first when she turned to face us, with a huge smile on her face. She didn’t look at Rich until she started heading our way, stopping in front of me to taunt him. “Real bowl that,” she said, sticking her tongue out.

“Yeah, yeah,” he said, laughing as he stood up for his turn. “You just watch this.”

“You gonna knock down more than three this time?”

They went back and forth a little more, then Toni took the empty seat beside me as Rich went up to the lane for his turn.

“You alright?” she asked, leaning into me. “You’ve been a little… quiet.”

I gave her a smile. “Yeah, I’m good. Just a lot on my mind.”

“I like to think I’m a good listener.”

“Yeah, you are,” I chuckled. “But… I don’t know.”

She raised an eyebrow at me. “What, you don’t trust me or something?”

“Definitely not that.”

“Then… what?”

She had her elbow propped on the arm of the chair, and her head resting on her hand, tilted to the side waiting for an answer I wasn’t giving. How the hell would I even phrase the admission that she was the “lot” that was on my mind?

“That’s a wrap,” Nikita called, pulling my attention away from Toni, and onto the electronic board that held our scores. She was the winner, with EJ in second, and me and Toni tied for third place. Rich was firmly at the bottom.

I took the opportunity to put some distance between me and Toni, hoping she would either forget about the non-conversation we were having, or at least leave it alone for now. I made myself busy helping EJ roast Rich about his low score, and when I glanced back, Toni was occupied with Nikita, deep in laughter and conversation about something.

“Jus,” Rich said, bringing me back into our conversation. “I’m glad you and Toni worked out your differences. A night like this would have been awkward as hell otherwise.”

“Awkward?” EJ chuckled. “Try not possible. Toni was pissed. I would have been afraid she’d take a ball to his head.”

I laughed. “And Toni is bad-ass enough to do some shit like that too,” I laughed. “But yeah… I’m glad too. You hold on to your friends, right?”

“Right,” EJ nodded. “I’ve gotta admit though… our friends…”

“Yes. Absolutely.” Rich agreed. “Since high school and college, they’ve…”

“…Matured… in some ways,” I added.

EJ slapped his hands together. “So it’s not just me?”

“Nah. Those two messed around and got fine as hell on us.” Rich shook his head. “Man, my girl cannot stand Kita.”

I frowned. “Really?”

“I know you aren’t talking about “really?”. The way Cat used to come around, looking at Toni like she wanted to scratch her eyes out, you know what I’m talking about man.”

I chuckled. “Yeah, but it wasn’t even like that. I didn’t see Toni in a way that Cat needed to be jealous about.”

“Cause she didn’t look like… that,” EJ said, nodding in the women’s direction. “Good for you that she’s only in town a few more weeks, huh?”

My eyebrow shot up. “What does that mean?”

Rich sucked his teeth. “It means we already peeped how you’ve been looking at her all night.”

“And how is that?”

“Like your singin’ ass is Brian McKnight, and you want to show her how her pussy works.”

EJ and Rich laughed, but I shook my head. I started to open my mouth to offer the tired refrain of “she’s just my friend” but somehow… I couldn’t even make myself say the words.

“What’s so funny?” Kita asked, approaching without Toni, who walked off in the opposite direction.

“Absolutely nothing,” I said, glaring at Rich and EJ.

She narrowed her eyes. “Uh huh. Y’all are laughing pretty hard over nothing, but keep your little secrets then. I was going to invite you to the other side of the building for karaoke, but…”

“We’re coming,” I answered, looping my arm through hers. I didn’t even look back at Rich and EJ, but they quickly followed. On the other side of the lounge, Kita went with them to find a table for us, while I hit up the bathroom. On the way back to find them, I spotted Toni standing alone at the screen that listed the song choices.

“So, which one of your selections are you going to bless us with tonight, Baby Girl?” I asked, stepping up beside her as she pressed the button to move to another screen of choices.

She grinned at me. “I don’t know yet. Trying not to be predictable – no Aaliyah.”

“Come on, give the people what they want.” I nudged her shoulder and she shook her head, giggling at the screen.

“I’m doing enough by getting on this stage in front of these strangers in the first place.”

I scoffed. “I know you’re not about to pretend to be nervous. You used to rock our talent shows.”

“Yeah, in high school and college. Do you know how long ago that was?”

“Not as long as you’re trying to make it seem. You’re gonna get on this stage and blow these people’s minds… I mean, half of them are drunk already anyway. Easy to please.”

“Whatever,” she said, giving me a playful shove. Her gaze landed on something on the screen that made her expression change. “Do a duet with me?”

I felt her fingers close around my wrist, and looked down at where her skin was touching mine. There was no mistaking that feeling of attraction – it was damn near electric. When I brought my eyes back to hers, she had her lip pulled between her teeth, giving me a look that was equal parts hopeful and just… sexy.

“Anything for you, Tee.”

Her face spread into the brightest smile I’d seen from her all night. “Excellent. This,” she said, raising a manicured finger to the screen, “is what we’re singing.”

I leaned in to see better, and an odd feeling swamped me when I read the title. Nothing Even Matters – Lauryn Hill ft. D’Angelo. “Really?” I asked. “This?”

She nodded. “Yep.” She quickly finished navigating the directions on the screen to put us in line. Once she was done, a notification popped up to tell us we had about twenty minutes before we were on.

Just enough time for a drink.



- & -

Toni had a beautiful voice.

That wasn’t new information, by any means.

I knew that, I expected it. I was used to it.

But I was still not prepared for the chills that ran through me when she opened her mouth to sing the opening lyrics of the song.

To me.

The crowd let out a series of whistles as she grabbed me by the hand, catching me off guard. There was a slightly-tipsy smile in her eyes as she looked me directly in mine, singing to me about how it wouldn’t matter if the sky fell, that the world seemed small in – unspoken – comparison to… us.

I recovered from my surprise in time to play along with her, telling her that I’d go through withdrawal without her love – and it struck me that maybe… I wasn’t “playing along” at all.

When we had our falling out, and she left… I was fucked up. No sugarcoating or getting around it. There was a lyric about her love making me feel ten feet tall – it was relevant too. Toni had been the first person to believe in my talent as an author, was one of the – if not the—most affirming people I knew. Hell, there had been points where I only believed in myself because she did.

It wasn’t like my life had been miserable without Toni’s friendship, but it would be a raggedy-assed lie to say that I hadn’t felt her absence. Acutely. In my career, I’d gained a lot in the time we’d been apart – awards, bestseller titles, money, and all of that was cool. But not having the person around who’d made it possible – the person who’d pushed me to finish, who took a chance on publishing me first, who celebrated me from the beginning – the shit felt a little hollow.

Almost like it didn’t matter.

Toni squeezed my hand as she sang a line about there being no place she’d rather be, and it clicked for me why the song choice had made me feel strange. We weren’t lovers in the sense that the song referred to, but it was still applicable. And when we finished the verses, and fell into the ad-libs of the song, singing that nothing mattered but each other… the significance sank even deeper.

But was it possible to feel like that about “just” a friend? Hell, I don’t even think I missed my damn brothers when they weren’t around for extended periods, like I missed Toni.

Shit.

What if what was happening between me and Toni wasn’t “new” at all? What if it was a natural progression that would have happened over time, just hitting me all at once instead?

What if I was just now realizing the presence of something that had always been there?

I hugged her when we finished, and left the stage to a standing ovation that didn’t surprise me at all. We both knew how to put on a show, and we’d done exactly that… but how much of it was really for show?

“You two are such a beautiful couple,” we heard over and over as I led Toni back to our table. I felt her hand go limp in mine after shrugging off the compliment a few times, but I didn’t think too much of it until we got back to where we’d been sitting. Nikita, Rich, and EJ went to go do their performance – Caramel, by City High – which left Toni and I at the table alone.

I raised an eyebrow as she took a long swig from the fresh cocktail the server had delivered, then made a point of not looking in my direction, even though we were right beside each other. I frowned a little, wondering where I’d messed up – since it was obvious that I had.

“Um, hi…” I looked up to see a young woman standing at the table with a friend, looking nervously back and forth between us. “I just wanted to say that y’all are such a cute couple!”

“Oh thank you,” Toni said, before I could open my mouth. “But we’re not a couple, just friends.”

“But you’re so cute together!” the woman said. “All that crazy chemistry on stage, you can’t be serious?”

Toni shrugged. “The man wants what he wants.”

At that, the humor drained from the young woman’s face, and she tossed a scowl in my direction. “Oh. Well… you sounded great,” she said to Toni. “You have a good night.”

“Thank you.”

As soon as the woman and her friend were gone, I turned to Toni, who was sipping on her drink again. “What the hell was that about?”

“What the hell was what about?”

“That,” I persisted, nodding my head in the direction the woman and her friend had taken. “Telling her “the man wants what he wants.” What was that supposed to mean?”

“It wasn’t supposed to mean anything Justin. It means what it means.”

“Which is what, exactly? Because it sounded to me like you told those women I didn’t want you.”

Toni’s expression was perfectly blank as she looked me right in the face. “I’m sorry, was that a misrepresentation of the truth? Because that was definitely the impression I got from you screwing me in my parent’s attic and then telling me you “didn’t think a thing between us could work”. Or does that mean something else in your head, Justin?”

“We were on the same page,” I countered, eyes wide. “You said yourself that it was something we were just getting out of our systems!”

“After what you said. After you referred to what happened as “a bell we couldn’t un-ring”. I was following your lead!” By this point, her chest was heaving, and there were obvious tears in her eyes. She angrily swiped them away, then turned her back to me as she finished off her drink in one swig.

“Toni,” I said, grabbing her hand, but she immediately pulled it away. “I don’t understand what I did to upset you.”

She let out a dry chuckle. “Of course you don’t,” she said, sliding her chair back to stand up. “I don’t understand it myself. I need another drink.”

Before I could say anything else, she’d walked away. A few seconds later, while I was still sitting there confused as hell, EJ, Nikita, and Rich came back to the table, laughing about the fun they’d had – the fun I’d completely missed – on the stage.

And I didn’t even know what the hell had just happened.

I answered Kita’s question about where Toni was, and then the next act came on stage. The rest of my group got hyped up with laughing and cheering them on, but I couldn’t focus on that. All I could think about was how upset Toni was about me supposedly not wanting her.

Should I follow that down the logical path that… she wanted me?

You’re thinking about this shit too hard, bruh.

I shook my head.

This was yet another “new” thing. When it came to my interactions with women – girlfriends through high school and college, my marriage to Cat, and the women I’d dated after my divorce – I wasn’t the type of guy to overthink shit. Before, in my friendship with Toni, I never had to wonder what she was thinking – she was probably thinking the same thing I was thinking. And even if she wasn’t, we were usually within a few pages of each other.

This shit was a whole new genre.

I was seeing her differently already, but now that we’d slept together, it was even harder to figure out. This type of confusion between me and Toni was dangerous, uncharted territory.

After several long minutes had passed without her coming back to the table, I got up to go find her. I spotted her sitting at the far end of a bar, stirring an almost-empty drink with a straw.

I slid into the open seat beside her, but didn’t say anything. She didn’t look up, but after a few moments, I heard her say, just above the noise of the crowd, “I’m sorry for losing it on you like that. It wasn’t fair.”

No shit.

“Don’t sweat it. Just don’t stop talking to me another seven years because of it.”

“Too soon,” she said, through clenched teeth.

“Yeah?”

She finally looked at me, and a pang of guilt hit me in the chest when I saw that her eyes were glossy and red. “Yeah.”

“You want to get out of here?”

“Yeah.”

Instead of going back to the table, I shot Kita, EJ, and Rich a text to let them know we were leaving, then grabbed Toni by the hand to lead her to the covered waiting area for the valet. While we waited for them to bring my SUV, Toni wrapped her arms around herself. Instead of looking at me, she looked at her feet.

Even once we got in the car, she was quiet. As we made it back to our side of town, she was quiet. As I pulled onto the street that housed her hotel, she was quiet.

When I drove right past it, she stopped being quiet.

“Are you turning around or something,” she asked. I could feel her eyes on me, but kept my gaze focused ahead.

“Nope.”

“Did you realize you drove past the hotel?”

I nodded. “Yep.”

“So… what’s up?”

“Do you trust me, Toni?”

I turned to her as I pulled to a stop at a red light, waiting for her answer. Her eyes were still glossy when they met mine.

“Implicitly.”

“Okay,” I nodded. “Just enjoy the ride then.”

She stared at me for a few seconds before she shrugged, then turned to look out the window again. I pulled into a convenience store, and she waited in the car while I made a quick trip inside. When I climbed in again, I put two large, green apple flavored slushes in the cup holders, then handed her a paper bag.

While I strapped my seatbelt, Toni reached into the bag, laughing when she pulled out a little bottle of Grey Goose vodka.

“Go ahead and hook those up for us,” I said, grinning at her before I took us out of the parking lot, and back onto the street. “And remember—”

“Rule #62: Never let the cops see you with an open bottle.” She shook her head, laughing as she cracked the top on the vodka, then reached for one of the cups. “I’m ashamed that I remember.”

“Don’t be ashamed,” I laughed. “Be generous with that bottle in whichever of those cups you decide is mine. I need the shit to be strong, dealing with you.”

“Dealing with me?”

“Hell yes.” I nodded for emphasis. “You’re confusing the shit out of me Baby Girl.”

“How am I confusing you?” She asked, stirring the cup in her lap with the straw.

“You remember back at the club, how you bugged out on me because I supposedly don’t want you?”

“Yeah.”

“It was that. It was definitely that. That’s what confused me. You bugging on me, that’s why I’m confu—”

“I get it, asshole.”

“Okay, then explain it to me. I want to understand why you got so pissed. Do you want me to want you as more than a friend?”

Toni let out a heavy sigh, but didn’t answer. Instead, she took a deep sip from the cup she held, then opened it and dumped more of the vodka in.

“I don’t know,” she said, finally. “I mean… I want somebody to want me. Cause if not, it’s like Russell said, right? Good luck finding someone to settle for me.”

I groaned. “Oh come on, Toni. That’s bullshit and you know it.”

“Is it? You know me better than anybody, Jus. Hell, you’ve been inside of me, skin to skin. In more than one way, we’ve been as intimate as two people possibly can. And you looked at the situation and decided… “nah, I’m good.” So… what should I do with that information?”

“You should stop pretending to be a goddamn psychic, for starters. And don’t get pissed at me for what you think is happening in my head.”

“I’m sorry.” She took another sip from the slush, then put it back in the cup holder and picked up the other one. “I just… I don’t know what I’m doing,” she said, her voice cracking over the last few words as she dumped the rest of the vodka into the cup and started stirring. “Professionally, I’ve got it together. Business is thriving, the bookstore is doing well, all of that. But personally… I’m a mess. My fiancé dumped me. My pussy doesn’t work. I haven’t told my mother either of those things because I don’t want to break her heart. I screwed my best friend, who I just reunited with, so it’s only a matter of time before that all falls apart too. I’m lonely. And I’m scared that it’s just gonna… be that way, forever.”

Shit.

“Toni…” I grabbed her hand, and was glad when she didn’t pull it away. “Where is all of this coming from?”

She shrugged, and turned back to the window. “I don’t know. I guess it’s just been… bottled.”

“Why didn’t you talk to somebody?”

She sucked her teeth. “Yeah, like who?”

“Aviva, or your mother…”

“Justin, do you honestly think I could have talked to either of their dramatic asses about this stuff?”

I thought about that for a second. “Okay, maybe not. But what about Nikita?”

“I love Kita, but she and I aren’t close like that.”

“Okay, so somebody you are close with like that.”

“There isn’t anybody.”

We pulled up to one last light before my turn that would put us at our destination, and I glanced at her. She was staring down at her cup.

“What do you mean, there isn’t anybody? Are you saying you don’t have friends?”

“No,” she answered, but didn’t look up. “I have friends, I just… they’re not…” she let out a deep sigh. “After what happened those years ago, with me and you I was scared, I guess. To let anybody in. I didn’t want anybody to be able to hurt me like that, so I kept my distance. Still keep a distance. So it’s really just… you. And for a pretty long time, it wasn’t even you, so yeah… God, I’m so pitiful,” she said, followed by a wry laugh that quickly dissolved into tears.

I made my turn, and pulled into the first parking lot I spotted. I got out of my seatbelt as fast as I could, then went around to her side to open the door. She was in full-blown sobs by the time I unlatched her seatbelt, and pulled her into my arms.

“What’s going on with you right now?” I asked, mumbling the words into her hair as she cried into my chest.

Sniffling, she pulled back to look me in the face, and shrugged. “I’m a little drunk, I think.”

“Just a little, huh?” I shook my head, then reached over her for my cup, and took a long drink. “Alright, I’ll tell you what. I’m gonna drink this while we walk, so I can be as drunk as you, okay?”

She laughed—something I was relieved to see – then nodded as she stepped away from the SUV to close the door. “I like that idea. If you get drunk and start spilling your guts, maybe I won’t feel so bad for spilling all of mine.”

“Used to be a time you didn’t need liquid courage to do that. Since when did you need liquor in you to just tell me the damn truth?”

Toni pushed out a deep sigh, then scrubbed her hands over her face, trying to clean away her tears. “I don’t know. Everything is just… different now.”

“How?”

“You’re not the same Justin. Or maybe… I just can’t look at you the same, with everything that’s happened. I know you’re good at making those firm decisions, and sticking to them. You move with certainty. You know your mind, know what you want. You don’t second-guess. That’s always been you. Something I admired about you. But that’s not me. We slept together. And after, I know we talked, and we made that decision that we’d just keep on trying to be friends, and leave it at that. But…” She stopped, to shake her head. “I wasn’t as certain as you seemed to be. And I can’t tell you how I feel, or what I want, because I don’t know. It’s not cut and dry for me. There’s a “what if?” on my mind every time I think about you. I’m confused.”

I looked away from her, swiping a hand over my head. “I don’t know what you want me to say, Tee.”

“I don’t want you to say anything. I’m just venting to you. I can do that, right?”

“Of course,” I answered quickly, bringing my gaze back to her face. The pained confusion in her eyes made my chest ache, but I fought the urge to pull her into my arms again. How could I comfort her when I was just as mixed up as she was?

She raised her straw to her mouth and took another sip before she shook her head. “I just wish it could be like it was before.”

“Like… back in college, maybe?”

“Yeah, maybe.”

I lifted a hand. “I mean, here we are. You remember this, don’t you?”

Toni stopped in her tracks and really looked around. I saw the slow realization cross her face as she took in our surroundings, then turned to me with a smile. “West side of campus.”

I nodded. “West side of campus. On a Friday night.”

“And we were able to find parking? These kids are wack.”

I laughed as I moved closer to her, grabbing her hand. “Nah, they turned this into alumni and faculty parking a few years back. And thanks to that handy sticker on the front window, we can park here. The students can’t.”

“Ahh,” she said, then took another sip. “So… why are we here? What’s next?”

“Well, just a short walk around the block…”

“The Warehouse?” she asked, and I nodded. “Let me guess… a certain black and gold wearing group is having a little get-together?”

I grinned. “Just a little one. I was feeling nostalgic, so I figured we could go show our faces, support the youngins… take a little walk down memory lane.”

For a few seconds, Toni just looked at me, with the beginnings of another smile playing at the corners of her mouth. Finally, it spread, and she wrinkled her nose. “I guess I’m down to be the old bitch in the club this one time.”

“Just this once?”

“Don’t press your luck, Jus.”

Ten minutes later, my frat brothers were waving us through the door, with our cups in hand. They were almost a decade younger than me, but local chapter meetings bridged the generation gap for us. They were happy to welcome us in.

The unmistakable smells of liquor, sweat, and smoke hit us as soon as we walked through the door, and I turned to Toni and grinned. “Some things never change, do they?” I yelled to her over the music, and she grinned back as she shook her head.

We moved through the crush of bodies dancing to the deafeningly loud music pumping into the building, and found ourselves a spot tucked away in the corner.

“What the hell is this music?” Toni asked, wrapping an arm around my neck to pull me down to speak into my ear.

I laughed. “This is what the young people listen to now. You’ve gotta stop listening to your old 90s shit, and come into this decade.”

“I don’t want to.”

“Just dance, OBIC,” I teased, hooking the arm that wasn’t holding my cup around her waist. She offered no resistance to moving with me, and pretty soon she was dancing just as hard as anyone else there.

The heat of so many bodies in the space made us appreciate the cool freshness of the slushes, and we sucked those down and discarded the cups. Toni pulled her sweater over her head and tied it around her waist, revealing a thin tank top underneath, that barely obscured her barely-there bra. She wasn’t thinking about that though. She was just hot, and tipsy, and dancing, and…sexy as hell.

Toni’s easy, natural movements got the attention of more than one youngin’ – attention that she laughed off, but it made me unexpectedly… annoyed. I got sick of chasing them off of her, sick of watching them mouth curse words in appreciation, sick of them stopping to stare. Actually, I more than got sick of it. It was pissing me off.

She looked up at me in surprise when I pulled her into me, then leaned to speak into her ear. “Why are you in here getting these guys all hot and bothered, Tee?”

She shrugged, then tipped her head back to grin, still moving. “Just doing what I always did at these parties, Jus. Having a good time. Getting a contact high from the fumes. Let ‘em look, as long as they don’t touch.”

“I don’t want them looking or touching,” I said, which garnered a laugh from her.

“Relax,” she mouthed, then turned away from me. She grabbed my hands, pulling them around her as she danced to Rihanna’s Work, grinding her hips into me. Innocent to her, but eliciting unruly, debaucherous feelings in me. I suffered through it, not wanting to ruin her fun, but I was relieved when that song started to fade out.

“It’s getting pretty late. We should probably head out,” I said, grabbing her hand as soon as the song was over. “If that’s cool with you.”

She looked up at me, still smiling. “Yeah, that’s fine. I’m hot anyway.”

Thank God.

Outside, she didn’t say anything until we’d walked a little distance. She stopped to untie her sweater, and pulled it on again.

“Thank you for tonight,” she said, circling my wrists with her soft hands as she faced me. Her face was glowing with happiness, bearing no signs of her distress from before. “This was fun. I needed this.”

I maneuvered our hands so that I was holding hers, and squeezed. “Glad I could be of service. Although I did think I was going to have to kick somebody’s ass for looking at you too hard.”

She giggled. “What is up with that, Jus? First Russell, now these little young guys that you know I’m not thinking about. You’re already out here looking jealous over me, you may as well just admit that you want me,” she teased.

“Yeah, maybe I should.”

Those words surprised both of us. Toni’s eyes went wide, lips parted as her eyes darted over my face, presumably waiting for me to give her an explanation for what had just come out of my mouth. But I didn’t have one – at least not one that was concise, and neatly packaged. I didn’t know how to convey that just as torn and confused as she was… so was I.

So instead… I kissed her.

It seemed like she melted into me as soon as I touched her. There was zero resistance as I kissed the remnants of green apple slush from her lips. I used my arm around her waist to pull her closer, and a hand at the back of her neck to pull her deeper into the kiss.

She let out a whimper that sent a surge straight to my groin, making me want her even more. As much as I could, I devoured her, kissing her until neither of us could breathe, and our lips were tender to the touch when we came up for air.

“Wha…what was that about?” she asked, meeting my eyes. I still had my hand at the back of her neck when I shook my head.

“I don’t know.”

She stared for a few seconds before she nodded. “Yeah. I mean… we’ve both had quite a bit to drink, so… it probably is best to call it a night, before we…confuse things any further.”

“You’re probably right.”

Reluctantly, I released my hold on her. We ambled back to the car in silence, both of us – presumably – wondering how we were possibly going to move forward from here. My mind kept coming around to one thing: We were making the shit way more complicated than it had to be.

When we reached where we were parked, I went to her side first, getting pissed when the door wouldn’t open until I realized I hadn’t unlocked it.

“Are you sure you’re good to drive?” Toni giggled, crossing her arms. She pressed her back against my SUV as she turned to face me, while I checked my pockets to find my keys.

I chuckled as my fingers closed around them. “You know… it’s questionable.”

“We might need to take a jog around the block or something first. You know, sweat it out of your system.”

I hit the button to unlock the truck, then moved to stand right in front of her. “Maybe. Or…there’s other ways to do that.”

Our eyes met for a second, and held, before Toni pulled her bottom lip between her teeth. She chewed at it for a second before she released it, uncrossing her arms to tuck her hands behind her. “Like what?”

“I think you already know the answer to that,” I said, stepping close enough that I could feel the heat from her body against mine.

“I thought we agreed not to complicate things anymore?”

I shrugged, then lowered my head to brush my lips against hers. “We aren’t. We’re simplifying. You want me, I want you. Nothing complicated about that.”

Once again, she was ready. As soon as my lips touched hers for another kiss, she wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling herself closer. And it didn’t feel awkward, or out of order – quite the opposite. It felt like we were following the natural course of what we should do.

I picked her up, hiking her legs around my waist as I deepened the kiss. She moaned as I rocked up against her, so I did that again, to get another one. Suddenly, that was my goal. How many moans and whimpers could I get out of her?

I let her feet back down long enough to open the side door of the SUV and make a few quick adjustments – pushing the passenger seat all the way up, and the seat behind it all the way back, giving us maximum room for… whatever we needed to do.

I pushed aside thoughts about anything except what was happening in the moment. I undressed her slowly, enjoying the anticipation that played on her face, and the shivers that ran through her body when I touched her.

She laid back on the reclined seat, and I spread her legs open, admiring what I could see in the dark confines of my vehicle. She sucked in a breath when my lips touched the inside of her thigh, again, and again, and again. By the time I reached the juncture of her thighs, she was trembling. When I closed my mouth over her, she sat up, moaning as my tongue played with her sensitive flesh.

I hooked one thigh over my shoulder, and pushed the other out to spread her open as I licked, tasted, touched, and teased. She didn’t hold back – she let every whimper, yell, and curse ring out loud as she went back and forth between running her fingers over my head and digging them into my shoulders as I devoured her.

She clenched her thighs around my head when she came, damn near suffocating me, but I would have died a happy man, face buried in the sweet warmth between her legs. I expected her to be drained after her orgasm, but she attacked me instead.

A few minutes later, I was the one relaxing into the soft leather – warm from the heat of her body. I groaned as she sank onto me, then gripped the top of the seat on either side for leverage as she rode me. I took her by the face, pulling her down into a kiss.

When we started, it was frantic. She was riding me fast, and hard, but something about that kiss took us somewhere else. I put my hands on her hips to slow her down, into a steady rhythm that matched my tongue in her mouth. When we pulled away from the kiss, I slid my hands up her body to cup her breasts, kissing and licking and teasing until they were hard, sensitive peaks that brought out a moan with every touch.

I could feel the tension building in her body as her orgasm approached. She started clenching around me, and I grabbed her by the hips, driving up into her, harder and harder as her expressions of pleasure got louder and louder. She buried her face in my neck, sinking her nails into my back as she came. A minute later, I drove into her one last time, with a harsh, ragged groan.

It took us a second to catch out breaths. I put a hand under Toni’s chin, urging her to sit up so I could see her face. When she did look at me, I could feel her uncertainty – the same thing I felt.

It had seemed like the organic thing to do, but now that it was done… I didn’t know what to say.

We both flinched, hard, as a hard knock sounded at the window.

“Campus PD! Put your clothes on, and come on out of there!”

“Oh, shit,” Toni whispered, then broke into giggles as she climbed off of me, feeling around in the dark for her clothes.

“Uh, give us a second!” I yelled, then followed her lead, handing her the panties I found hooked over the headrest of the passenger seat.

“Hurry up,” Toni laughed, tossing my jeans to me. “Do you think they saw my ass?”

“I hope he saw your ass. That thing is gonna get us out of trouble tonight.” I laughed as my boxers hit me in the face, launched from the other side of the vehicle. “Relax, the windows are tinted, and fogged up from us being in here. They can’t see anything. The truck bouncing from you riding me so hard is probably what gave us away.”

“Oh shut up,” she said, grinning as she pulled her sweater on, then started shimmying into her jeans. “If I recall, you were the one doing the work last, thank you very much.”

“You’re welcome,” I teased, reaching to smack her across the ass before I pulled my inside-out shirt over my head. I grabbed her hand, pulling her close to me, ignoring the second knock on the window. “Hey, you okay?”

She looked me right in the eyes, and nodded. “Yeah. This is the most excitement I’ve had in a long time. It’s been a great night. Again, thank you.”

“That’s what friends are for, right?”

She nodded. “Right.”

“Okay final warning,” the cop called. “Put your bits away, and get out of the car.”

Our gazes held for several seconds, and then I leaned to brush my lips over hers. “I love you Tee.”

A fresh grin curved up the corners of her mouth. “I love you too, Jus.”





Eleven



“So have you given any more thought to what we talked about?”

I blew out a little sigh as I laid back on the bed, fully dressed for a run. It was early – much earlier than I wanted to be awake at all. But this was the best time for Janelle, one of my senior editors and CFO, to have this meeting.

It wasn’t like I could sleep anyway.

Three days had gone by since that eventful Friday night, and I hadn’t seen or even really talked to Justin – on purpose. I was still sorting through my thoughts on everything that had transpired between us. I was still a little embarrassed about my liquor induced confessions. And… I was still trying to decide if I was mad at him or not.

He had me in this weird, confusing, in-between sort of space in our relationship… friendship… whatever the hell we were, and I didn’t like it.

As confused as I was about my own shifting feelings for him, when it came down to it, it really didn’t have to be so hard. Either he wanted to pursue something, or he didn’t.

Right?

It wasn’t fair for him to say he didn’t think it would work, and then have his head between my legs within the same hour. Those two things just… didn’t match up.

But could I really be mad at him for being fickle, when I didn’t know what I wanted either?

“Toni, are you still there?”

“Huh?! I mean… yeah. Yes. Sorry Janelle. Um… Yes. I’ve thought about what you proposed.”

“And your answer is…?”

I sighed, again. “My answer is… that I just don’t know.”

“Okay… are there some lingering questions? Something you don’t understand?”

“It’s not that.”

“Then what is it?” Janelle asked, in a gentle voice, even though I knew she was frustrated. She had to be. Hell, if this were the other way around, I’d be frustrated too. “Listen,” she continued, before I’d had a chance to respond. “We’ve talked about this over and over, Toni. We need dedicated office space, we need to find a new press, and we need you here, handling these things. It affects our revenue.”

I rolled my eyes. “You make it sound like I’m not working, like I don’t take care of business.”

“Everybody knows how hard you work. I’m not trying to say you don’t. Our authors loved you, and they’re vocal about how much they appreciate the time you put in with them in their manuscripts, helping develop, all of that. But. You’ve been putting off these decisions that could be a huge boost to the business for over a year now. It’s time to say yes.”

“I feel like you’re clipping my wings, Janelle.”

She laughed. “My apologies, because that’s not my intent, at all. Making a home office here doesn’t mean you have to be here… though I wish you’d consider that. Your travel budget adds up, especially with those extended-stay hostels and hotels you love so much. If you’d block out maybe six months for travel, instead of year-round, we could save the company a lot of money.”

“I’m not traveling for my health, I’m cultivating!”

“Well, maybe it’s time to start cultivating more American authors. I mean, I know the mission is to have authors from all over the Black diaspora, but it wouldn’t hurt anything for Black Americans to dominate the roster. Our submission inbox is always full, and we shouldn’t rule out published authors either. What about Justin Wright? Didn’t your parent’s bookstore just host a signing for him? Do you think he could potentially be recruited?”

I swallowed the sudden lump in my throat. “Uh… maybe. I don’t know that a small publisher is really on his radar. He went from us to Lyon, remember?”

“Vaguely. That was a few years before my time with Seeds, but I get what you’re saying. You’re concerned he may see it as moving backward… but I don’t know. Don’t count us out, we have a lot to offer that his big publisher can’t.”

“You know I know that. Screw Lyon,” I said, frowning up at the ceiling. “I’m just saying, he might think that.”

“Which is why you have to sell him on the benefits of a smaller publisher. You’re the best-damned recruiter I’ve ever seen. If anybody could convince him…”

“Wait a minute.” I sat up. “Why are you talking as if the decision is made? I haven’t agreed to anything.”

“But you should. Justin Wright would look good on our roster. He’d be good for business.”

“And so would any number of other authors, who haven’t a chance yet, who are looking for their break. Come on, Janelle, you know we have a limited number of people we can take on. Do we want to give that space to someone we have to convince, or someone who wants to be here?”

“Why does it sound like you’re backing away from a challenge?”

I scoffed. “Because I’m backing away from a challenge. I’m not making any promises about making a play for Justin Wright. Or dedicated office space. Or my travel budget. Not right now. I’m supposed to be in Lagos in a few days to meet an author, and I’m still bringing things to a good spot with my parents. Let me get past that, and I’ll make some decisions after. Once I can breathe.”

“Okay. And I’m holding you to that. It’s our company, your decisions… I just need you to actually make them.”

“Alright, alright, I hear you Janelle.”

“I’ll see you later.”

“Okay. Bye.”

I dropped the phone onto the bed beside me, and propped my forearm over my eyes. I knew what I should do. Hell, I even knew, deep down, what I wanted to do.

Actually pulling the trigger though… that was something else.

I pulled myself out of bed and zipped my athletic jacket before I filled the pockets with my phone, headphones, and key card to get back into my room once I left.

The pavement was always a good place to work hard decisions out.



- & -

Should I ring the doorbell, or not?

I paced back and forth in front of Justin’s front door, freezing my ass off while I tried to decide if I really wanted to do this or not. I’d avoided him for three days, only to find myself at his house unannounced, sweaty – and probably smelly – from a run.

Ha.

Sweaty and smelly was probably a good combination for making sure this visit remained platonic. And I needed it to remain platonic. Because despite his declaration that us giving in to the urge to sleep together was simple, it was complicated as hell in my mind. As far as I was concerned, it wasn’t happening again until we were on the same page, with a clear, concise understanding of what we were doing.

My legs would stay closed today, because I wasn’t ready to have that conversation.

Today, I needed my friend.

I pushed the button that would send out the loud chime letting him now I was here, and then immediately regretted it. What if Bri was here, and she was sleeping? What if he was writing, and I was interrupting? What if… someone else had spent the night, and was still here? What if this was a horrible friggin’ idea?

Just when I was wondering if I was fast enough to run off before he got to the door, it swung open, and there was Justin’s handsome face on the other side.

“This is a nice surprise,” he said, leaning in the doorframe. “I thought you were avoiding me, after… the party.”

“I was. But I need to talk to you. Well… need your advice, that is.”

He nodded. “Come in.”

He stepped aside for me to squeeze past him, into the warmth of the house. “I hope I’m not interrupting anything. I know it’s not exactly polite to just drop by without calling, but I was running, and I… before I knew it, I was here.”

“From the hotel?” He raised an eyebrow. “That’s what, four miles?”

“Just three.”

“Just?” He chuckled, then motioned for me to follow him down the hall. “I just got back from dropping Bri off at school. Was about to try to make some progress on my manuscript.”

I grinned. “Ah, the mystery manuscript.”

He led me into his office, and dropped into a seat at his desk. “Yeah. It’s going slow, but I’m plugging away. Trying to have it finished by the end of the year.”

“Nice.”

He looked up at where I’d perched with my hip against the side of the desk, and scowled. “Nice? That’s all I get?”

“What more can I give? You won’t tell me anything about it, so…”

“I guess you have a point there. Alright, come here.”

I looked at the tiny distance between us, and shook my head, confused. “Uh…?”

“Come here,” he repeated, patting the top of his leg, and I froze for a second.

“I… um… Justin, I’m all sweaty and stuff, I probably should—well, okay then,” I said, as he grabbed my hand, pulling me down into his lap.

“You really think I’m concerned about a little sweat?”

I shifted in his lap, trying not to touch his dick. “Well, I probably stink, too.”

“You don’t.”

I let out a sigh, which also went ignored as he reached around me to wake his computer up. There was so much contact, and he smelled so good, and his body was so warm that I wanted to prop up my feet, and bury my nose in his neck, and curl into a ball in his lap.

But I didn’t.

I stayed as still as I possibly could, and held my breath until he finished what he was doing on the computer.

“Okay,” he said, reclining back a little in his chair. He propped his arms behind his head, putting his biceps at juuust the right angle. “Check that out, and let me know what you think.”

My eyes went wide. “What? You’re…are you serious? I get to see the book??”

“You are the first person I’m letting see the book.”

“Why??”

“Do you not want to?”

I glared at him. “Of course I do! I’m just… surprised, is all.”

“Why? You have any idea how much I value your opinion? You’ve never led me wrong. Your feedback would be doing me a favor.”

I bit back the smile trying to spread over my face, and nodded, not really knowing what to say. Instead, I turned to look at his computer.

“Okay, you get the gist,” I heard from behind me, what seemed like two seconds later, breaking the spell of the words on the screen. Justin reached around me to flip the laptop closed, but I smacked his arm, trying to move it away.

“What are you doing, I didn’t even have time to see anything!”

He twisted his lips at me. “You aren’t fooling me Tee, I know how fast you read. You scrolled through like five pages!”

“I read two paragraphs!”

“Stop lying.”

I sucked my teeth. “Alright fine! I saw a few pages, but that’s not nearly enough to get a feel. You play too much.”

“What did you think of what you saw?”

“You didn’t let me read enough to think anything about what I saw.”

“Come on, girl.” He gave me a gentle swat across the bottom, undoubtedly meant to be playful, but it set off a lust-bomb in me. Thoughts of much harder smacks, while he was inside of me, had me fidgeting in his lap again. “Tell me what you thought about that opening scene,” he insisted. “And stop squirming in my lap like that.”

“Why?” I met his eyes… wished I hadn’t when I saw the way he was looking at me, like he wanted to strip me out of my clothes.

“I think you know.”

I cleared my throat, then slid out of his lap, returning to my leaning position against the desk. “I think it’s good… but you know that already, Mr. Bestseller.”

He blew out a sigh, turning his gaze up toward the ceiling. “Do I?”

“Uh, you should,” I said, nudging his foot to get him to look at me. “What’s going on? I know you’re not worried about this, are you?”

He let out a dry, humorless chuckle. “Yes the fuck I am. I mean… this is different for me.”

Justin wasn’t beyond fishing for a compliment, but looking in his eyes… his concern was genuine. And I understood it. So many authors stuck with the genre that got them noticed, even when their muse was pulling them in other directions. I knew Justin – I would bet good money that he felt a sense of loyalty to the fans that had gotten him where he was, and there was nothing wrong with that. Part of why his readers loved him was because he made sure they knew they were appreciated.

But on the flipside, he had to be able to branch out, and try new things. And from my experience, when an author was talented – and Justin was certainly that – his fans would follow.

I nodded. “Yeah. The whole thriller, suspense vibe is different for you. But there’s nothing wrong with different. It’s a good look for you. I think people will be excited about it.”

“That makes exactly one of us,” he said, shaking his head. “I don’t even know if anybody would pick this up.”

I scoffed. “Boy, bye.” I moved in front of Justin and bent over his chair, grabbing the arms for leverage. “I would pick something like this up in a heartbeat. From an author with your talent? Half a heartbeat. Do not sit your ass here and try to play me like you’re not amazing. Any publisher that turned you down would be foolish. And they wouldn’t deserve you anyway.”

Justin didn’t say anything, not immediately. He just kind of stared at me, with this look in his eyes that made my heart flutter. I moved back as he sat up, but he caught me around the thighs, keeping me from stepping away.

I didn’t resist when he pulled me into his lap, even though I knew I should. Instead, I let him pull me into a position where I was straddling him, let him pull me into a kiss that made my reasons for coming to his house slip further away. I could feel him growing as he cupped my ass, pulling me tighter against him. Instead of bringing me back to my senses, the feeling spurred me to rock my hips into his – making him even harder.

It wasn’t until he unzipped my jacket that my brain seemed to kick back into gear, overruling my arousal to remind me that what was happening was a firm no-no.

“Wait,” I said, covering his hands with mine as he cupped my breasts. “This isn’t why I came over here. And besides…sweaty, smelly, remember?”

“I told you I don’t give a damn about that, remember?” He moved one hand from my breasts, slipping it under the waistband of my leggings, and panties.

“That’s disgusting,” I scolded, just before my lips fell open in a soundless gasp of pleasure as his fingers skimmed the sensitive flesh between my legs, then pushed into me.

He smirked as he began to stroke me with his fingers. “I like a little seasoning on it.”

“Ok, you’re disgusting.”

He leaned in, gently catching my lip between his teeth. “You’re telling me if I spread you open,” – he sucked my lip into his mouth, soothing the sting of the nip he’d given me – “right here on this desk, sweaty, salty and all,” – he traced my lips with his tongue- “and licked you from top to bottom… you wouldn’t love every second of it?”

I would. Holy shit, I would.

“Uh huh,” he said, grinning into my mouth. “So, you gonna give it to me or not?”

“Mmmm,” I groaned, unable to keep myself from rocking into his hand. “Is this how you always talk to women you want to sleep with?”

He moved down to my neck, sucking and biting before he put his lips to my ear. “Yes, it is. And they like it. Just like you do. Answer the question.”

“No.”

His fingers stopped moving. “No?”

I used his halted movement as a chance to get out of his lap, and quickly made my way across the room, on wobbly legs. “Yes,” I said, squeezing my thighs together in an attempt to stop the throbbing between them. “I said, no. I didn’t come over here for sex! Is that the new normal between us?”

“Do you want it to be?” he asked, standing up. His dick was hard, and pointing straight at me, basically unrestrained in the sweats he wore.

I looked away, and shook my head. “What, friends with benefits? No. Hell no!”

“I wasn’t suggesting it, damn! I was asking a question!”

“And I was giving you an answer! Is that really the most you think of me, Justin? I can be your friend or a friend that you fuck, but not more?”

“Stop putting words in my mouth, Toni!”

“I wouldn’t have to if you’d put some in for your damn self and actually—ugh!” I growled in frustration, at myself. Tears were building behind my eyes, and the last thing I wanted to do in this moment was cry. “Never mind, okay? Just… put your dick away so I can talk to you about why I came over here in the first place!”

He raised his hands, confused. “Toni… where the hell am I supposed to put my dick? It’s there, where it’s supposed to be. I can’t put it away.”

“Then turn around or something!”

He rolled his eyes, but did as I’d asked. “You happy now?”

“Yes,” I said, crossing my arms over my chest. It was a lie, but we were past the point where it mattered. “I came to ask you what you think about Scattered Seeds having like… a home base. Dedicated office space, storage, all of that. Instead of traveling so much, I would work from the home office.”

“I think it sounds dope. What’s the problem?”

I shrugged, even though he couldn’t see me. “None, not really. It’s just a big decision. Probably lease the space for a year, and I have to decide where I want to be.”

He looked over his shoulder. “What do you mean “where you want to be”? You want to be here, right? Where else would you put it?”

“I don’t know. I mean… being home is nice, but is it the best place for my business? I’d need a pretty compelling reason to stay.”

“Being with your family and friends isn’t one?”

“We’re all used to the long-distance thing, right?”

Justin turned around. “I don’t know yet. You weren’t speaking to me, remember?”

I ran a hand over my head. “Yeah… but you’ll get used to it. I was supposed to be leaving in a little over a week anyway. My time here helping with the store is up. I actually have a trip to Lagos in a few days. I might just… not come back. Go straight to London from there, instead of coming back across the pond first.”

“What?” Justin frowned, then quickly crossed the room to close the distance between us. “When you say a few days, what does that mean?”

“My flight leaves Wednesday night.”

“Today is Monday! And you’re thinking about not coming back?”

I nodded. “Yeah. My work here is done, and my CFO is already getting on me about my travel costs. Unless I decided to make this my home base, and need to start looking at rental spaces… I don’t have a reason to stay.”

Unless…

“Damn,” he said, pulling me into his arms. “I knew you weren’t gonna be in town much longer, but I thought there would be at least a little more time. I know you’re coming back for the holidays though, right?”

I shrugged to answer his question, then shrugged my way out of his arms. “I don’t know yet. But… I’ll let you know what I decide. I guess I can keep in touch now, since we’re back on good terms.”

“You’re damn right we’ll keep in touch. That’s not an option. I’m going to be all in your business,” he teased, and I forced myself to smile back.

“Right. Well… I should probably get going. I’m supposed to be meeting Aviva for lunch, and I’ve got three miles to run to get back to the hotel, so…”

“You want me to just drop you off?”

“No,” I answered quickly, shaking my head. “No, I don’t. The run will give me some time to think. Burn some stuff off, you know?”

He nodded. “Yeah. You be safe. Let me know when you make it back to the hotel, and hey – make time for me at some point before you leave for Lagos. In case you end up deciding not to come back.”

“Of course, Jus. I’ll see you later.”

I got out of there before any tears could fall.

Especially since I wouldn’t even know how to explain them. Any other time, I would expect Justin to just… get it. He was my best friend. He was supposed to get it.

But apparently not.

This was a development I wasn’t quite sure how to handle.



- & -

“Okay, Justin is an asshole.” Across the elevator from me, Aviva crossed her arms, and shook her head, sending her freshly-pressed bob swinging around her face. “I mean, I knew that already, that it ran in their family – remember, Joseph was one of the first people I met when I moved here for med school – but seriously… he didn’t pick up that you wanted him to ask you to stay?”

I shrugged, then pressed my head back against the cool wall of the elevator, looking up at the ceiling as it took us to our floor. “If he did, he certainly didn’t say anything to me. And honestly… I’m over expecting him to pick up my cues. If he was interested in something more than what we are, he would have been clear. He knows how to make himself heard any other time. He’s just not feeling it, and I refuse to walk around here trying to make a man want me. I’m not that thirsty. Maybe some distance between us will kill the crush, and we can go back to being normal friends. No benefits.”

“Maybe he doesn’t want you… yeah, that’s definitely an option,” Vi said, wrinkling her nose. “Or, the more likely option is that the man is just damned stupid.”

I chuckled as the elevator chimed to let us know we’d reached the Women’s Health Center at University Hospital, where Vi worked. “Justin isn’t stupid, by any means.”

“Toni,” she said, walking backward to exit the elevator, so she could keep my gaze, “You are smart, gorgeous, successful, and funny. If he doesn’t want you, he’s stupid.”

I smiled, for what felt like the first time since I’d left Justin’s house that morning. “Thanks for the vote of confidence, cousin.”

“Anytime.” She looped her arm through mine as we headed back to her office. “Seriously though… I know this goes against your whole “he should be a mind reader” thing, but girl… you may just have to be direct with him. I would be completely shocked to find out that all Justin was interested in with you is sex. Maybe he’s scared too.”

“If that’s the case, he’s had ample time to tell me that. I think a friend is all he sees me as. Yes, we have sexual chemistry, and he’s a single man, so he acted on it. Will continue to act on it, as long as I let him. Justin is… organized. He’s not interested in taking me out of my box.”

Aviva released my arm, and turned to me as she unlocked her office door. “Do you even want to be out of that box?”

“I don’t know… maybe?” I answered, as I followed her inside. “I didn’t come here looking for a relationship – I just got out of an engagement, and I don’t think rushing into something else is a good idea. With Justin, or anybody else for that matter.”

“So why are you so bothered?”

“Because when I look at him, I don’t just see “friend” anymore. I want to… kiss up and rub up and feel up on him. I want to cuddle, and touch. I want him inside me. I want…”

“Him,” Vi supplied, with a little smile, and a sigh. “You want him.”

“I…” I ran a hand through my hair. “Yeah, I guess I do. It feels strange as hell to admit it out loud, but yeah. I do. But I think it’s pretty apparent that he doesn’t want the same.”

Vi held up a finger. “Or, he’s—”

“I know, I know,” I laughed. “Or he’s stupid. Whichever way…I don’t think sitting around here pining for him is the best approach. I have work to do. I need to get packed for this trip to Lagos, and… I’ll decide while I’m there if I’m coming back or not. I’ll pack everything, and the hotel concierge can just ship it to me if I need it.”

Vi let out another sigh. “You seem so melancholy. I don’t like it.”

“Me either. Think Eric will keep baby girl tonight, and we can go get some drinks or something, in case this is my last night?”

“If he’s not working, I don’t think he’ll mind. And if he’s working, I can ask his mother. She loves that baby.”

She was getting ready to tell me something else when a frantic knock sounded at the door, and I turned to see Joseph standing in her doorway.

“Hey Toni,” he said, sounding breathless. “Vi, I need a favor. I have an appointment in about three minutes that I need you to cover for me.”

Vi nodded. “Of course. Is everything okay?”

He scrubbed a hand over his face. “Uh… not sure yet. Bri got rushed in here from school, complaining of chest pains, and her heart rate was all over the place. I’m going to go down and meet the ambulance, and make sure Justin knows where to go when he gets here.”

My heart caught in my chest as I processed what Joseph was saying. “Um… is she going to be alright?”

“She’s a tough little girl,” Joseph said, nodding. “She’s already been through a lot, so hopefully her body can get her through this too. I’m gonna go ahead and head down.”

“Okay,” Aviva and I said, in unison, but he was already gone before either of us had closed our mouths.

“Oh God,” I said, pressing a hand to my chest. “I can’t even imagine what must be going through Justin’s head right now.”

Aviva went to the wardrobe, pulling it open to grab a coat. “Yes, it’s terrifying for your child to be sick. Are you going to go down?”

“What? You mean down to the emergency room to wait? No, I’m sure it’s probably crowded enough, or will be soon. You don’t think I’d be in the way?”

She raised an eyebrow. “I doubt he would see it like that.”

“Maybe… I might just text him or something. I don’t want to add to the chaos.”

“And you still need to pack up your room, and get ready for your flight tomorrow… and you’re still upset about this morning, and need some space.”

I rolled my eyes at Vi’s knowing smirk, and shook my head.

“Uh huh,” Vi said, rubbing it in. “You don’t have to front for me, Toni. All that stuff you like to keep bottled up… you’re not hiding it as well as you think you are. But back to the lecture at hand… I think a text or phone call would suffice.”

After that, Vi gave me a quick goodbye so she could rush off to cover Joseph’s appointment. I left the hospital feeling more confused than I’d been when I arrived to talk to Vi. Back in my hotel room, I moved from place to place, making exactly zero progress on packing for Nigeria, or packing, period.

I couldn’t seem to clear my mind.

Finally, I gave up trying. Instead of wasting my time in my hotel room, I swung by the bookstore… and then went back to the hospital. I still hadn’t sent that text, and had no idea where I was going, but I lucked upon Jay and Reese leaving the hospital as I stopped as the huge directory that was supposed to help me find the children’s ward.

Their directions put me on the right track, and a few moments later, I cautiously slipped into Bri’s room, after my soft knocks went unanswered. She looked so small, so helpless in the middle of the bed, covered in blankets and attached to machines monitoring her vitals. Jay had already told me that she was okay, but the sight still made my heart ache.

She gave me a sleepy smile when my appearance in the room drew her attention away from the TV playing cartoons mounted high in the corner. “Hi Miss Toni,” she said, quietly, then raised a finger to her lips. For a second, I was confused, but then she pointed to something on the other side of the bed. I stepped closer, then saw a large lump I quickly identified as Justin curled up on the sofa bed.

I nodded, letting her know I understood her kind request to not wake her Daddy. I quietly pulled up a chair beside her bed. “How are you feeling?” I asked, in a low voice.

“I feel okay. Just tired, and sore.”

“Yeah, I bet. You had a scare today, at school?”

She nodded. “I was on the tire swing, and CJ was spinning it super duper fast, and I fell. But I was okay. I didn’t break my arm or anything.” – from her tone, and the expression on her face, I got the impression she was actually disappointed about that – “But then my chest felt all spinny, and my heart was bumping super super fast, like the tire swing, and it wouldn’t stop. It was really scary.”

“It sounds scary. But I’m really glad you’re okay.”

She cast a forlorn look in her father’s direction, then looked back at me. “I think my mommy and daddy are mad at me for having to come to the hospital. My mommy is in France, and she was crying on the phone and yelling at Daddy. And Daddy was really sad.”

“Oh sweetheart,” I said, running a hand over her forehead. “I promise you that they aren’t mad at you. They were just scared about you being okay or not. Think about when one of your friends gets hurt at school – aren’t you sad, and upset when that happens?”

Bri nodded, her eyes wide.

“See?” I asked. “You’re upset that something happened to someone that you love, but you’re not upset at them because something happened. The same thing applies to your Mommy and Daddy. Okay?”

“Okay Miss Toni. Are you my daddy’s girlfriend? I heard my mommy telling my stepdad that you and Daddy weren’t fooling anybody.”

I nearly choked on my own tongue. “What?!” I exclaimed, then quickly clamped a hand over my mouth, and asked again, quieter. “What? No, I’m not your Daddy’s girlfriend. We’re just really good friends.”

“Why? You’re really pretty.”

Oh God, what did I walk into?

“Um, Well… your daddy and I aren’t friends because of how we look. We’ve known each other for a really, really long time. Since we were just a little older than you are. And just because we’re a girl and a boy, doesn’t mean we have to be boyfriend and girlfriend. We’re just besties. Do you have a bestie?”

She gave me a big smile when she nodded. “Uh huh! Two. Amy – her name is really Amaryllis though, and that’s a flower. And AJ! He’s a boy, and a friend, but not my boyfriend.”

“That’s right,” I giggled with her. “You’re not anywhere near old enough for a boyfriend.”

“Nuh-uh,” she said, shaking her head. “Daddy said I have to be thirty, which is like, a hundred years away. Is that why Daddy isn’t your boyfriend? You’re not old enough?”

I laughed. “Uhhh, no, I can’t say that’s it. Let’s switch gears though, okay? I brought you something.”

Her eyes lit up when she saw the package I pulled from my bag. I put it into her hands, grinning as she carefully undid the kitten-covered wrapping paper I’d put on it. Somehow, her smile got even wider when she saw the brand new books inside.

“Wow,” she whispered. “I’ve never read these before.”

I grinned. “That’s because they aren’t on the market yet. I own a publishing company, and one of my authors writes books for kids. This box was waiting at the bookstore for the official release date next month, but… I think the author would be honored to have a bright, beautiful little girl like you be one of her very first readers.”

She smiled at me, then ran her hand over the glossy cover of the first book. “Madison and Naomi and the Missing Pepperoni,” she giggled. “That’s a silly title.”

“Uh-huh,” I nodded. “And your reaction is exactly the reaction we wanted kids to have, because this book is a very silly mystery. Do you like mystery books?”

“Yeah! Can I read it now?”

“Of course! Can you read it out loud, but in a soft voice. I’d like to hear it too, but we want to let your dad finish sleeping, okay?”

“Yeah. I’m a really good reader.”

“I can tell.”

I propped my elbows on the edge of the bed, and rested my chin in my hands, listening and laughing as Bri read the first of the books to me. She really was a beautiful child – a replica of her mother in many ways. But in many other ways, she reminded me so, so much of a young Justin. Looks, mannerisms, personality… she was undoubtedly his miniature.

Something I never could have given him.

I wasn’t sure where that thought came from, but it brought tears to my eyes. I tried to push it away, but I couldn’t shake it. Sitting in a hospital room with this brilliant little girl – Justin’s little girl – while she read a book to me that was easily two grades ahead of her in skill level… for the first time, I felt like maybe… I was missing out.

I swallowed the ache that built in my chest while I watched her. She was almost through with the book when she dozed off, and I stood up, carefully taking the wrapping paper and books off her lap, and marking her place with the glow in the dark bookmark I’d brought.

“Toni,” I heard, and looked up to find Justin awake, watching me.

I gave him a small smile, then finished what I was doing while he unfolded himself from the sofa bed and motioned for me to meet him on the other side of the small room.

“How are you holding up?” I asked, even though it was all over his face. He was worried about his child.

“I’m alright. Just trying to make sure Bri is good.”

“What did they say was wrong?”

He shook his head. “Nothing new. She just over-exerted herself at recess. Might change some medications around, that’s all.”

“But you don’t know that’s all until you know.”

“Right. And we’re still waiting on a couple of tests, which is why they wanted to keep her overnight. But the doctor thinks she’s fine.”

“Good.”

“I appreciate you coming to check on her. And bringing the books. She loves books.”

I grinned. “Yeah, I can tell. She was reading it to me before she fell asleep.”

“Yeah, I heard.”

My eyebrows shot up. “You did?”

“Yeah, I heard just about everything. I was just… letting you have your moment with her, I guess. You handled that “are you Daddy’s girlfriend” thing well.”

I snickered. “Yeah, well… I’ve had to get good at deflecting. Finally came in handy for something interesting.”

Justin laughed, then shook his head. “Seriously though… I appreciate you taking out the time. I know you have a lot going on.”

I shrugged. “Not so much that I couldn’t come show my face. I’ve missed enough times where I should have shown my face. Didn’t want to miss another.”

I accepted the tight hug Justin gave me after that, and tried not to enjoy how good it felt to be in his arms. “I might not get to see you tomorrow,” he muttered into my hair, and I tipped my head back to look at him, and nod.

“I understand. You’ve got to take care of your family.”

“But you’re family too.”

Ouch.

There it was.

I knew that wasn’t supposed to be a barb, but the pain in my chest at his firm placement of me in the “friend” box told a different story.

I swallowed it though.

“I just re-earned that privilege,” I said, plastering on a smile. “Take care of the people who kept their title. We’ll be seeing each other. We’re back in effect.”

He pulled me into another hug as I blinked back tears for what had to be the third or fourth time that day, then planted a kiss against the side of my head. “I needed to see your face. Thank you again for coming to see about my muffin.”

I grinned.

“That’s what friends are for.”





Twelve



“I thought I told you not to bring your ass by here if you weren’t bringing my granddaughter, or buying a car?”

I shook my head as my father stepped aside to let me into his office at the dealership, despite the harsh words he’d used to greet me at the door. Weeks had gone by since the thing with Imara, and they still weren’t back on the best of terms – and apparently, my father and I weren’t either.

“You’re still blaming me for that, man?” I asked, dropping onto the couch that sat at the back of his office. “When are you and The Professor going to sit down and talk through this foolishness?”

“Whenever you get some business of your own. What do you want?” he asked, crossing his arms as he leaned against his desk.

“To get some advice from my father.”

“You want me to help you fix your shit, after you messed up mine. You may as well carry your narrow ass right back out of that door.”

“It’s about Toni.”

Those words made his scowl soften.

My father had never had a daughter of his own, so when my brothers and I brought women into our lives, he took it seriously. Reese and Devyn – and even Cat, even though she and I were divorced – were dear to him. Toni and Bri though… they were precious.

Bri, just by nature of his being his grandchild, but he’d watched Toni grow up. She was always around, always making him laugh… it had taken a while for him to stop being pissed at me when I explained everything that happened between us.

The thing was, as precious as Toni was to him, she was to me too. So now that I knew my daughter was okay, and her mother was back from her trip to France, and had insisted on a “girl’s day”… I wanted to take a minute to get my bearings on that situation. Especially since spending yesterday tending to Bri meant that I had missed catching Toni before her flight.

“What did you do to my Toni this time?” Pops growled, scowling at me.

“Nothing.”

The look on his face said he didn’t believe me. “So then what’s the problem?”

“That is the problem. Me doing nothing. She wants… she wants me to make a move I’m not sure about making.”

His scowl deepened. “What kind of move?”

“I… I think she wants us to try something other than being just friends. Something like us being together, as a couple.”

Pops held up a hand. “Hold up – I thought she was engaged to some knucklehead that couldn’t even be bothered to come and get my blessing?”

I shook my head. “Knucklehead is out of the picture. I almost had to kick his ass.”

“Because you took his woman?”

“I didn’t take his woman.”

Pops scoffed. “You don’t have to deny it son, it’s in your blood. I took your Mama off one of the DeBarge brothers back in the day.”

“Man, whatever,” I laughed, waving him off. “That didn’t happen.”

“You ask Sammy,” he countered, referring to his long-time friend, who owned a little hole-in-the-wall lounge that we frequented. “He was with me when they ran up on me, but we handled those boys. I don’t know how they covered up those black eyes to get up there and sing that night.”

I threw my head back to laugh, holding my stomach. “Pops, you cannot be serious!”

“As a heart attack, son. And look at your brothers. Both of them took their women from a man who didn’t deserve to be called that. You relieving that man of duty with Toni… that was just the way things had to happen.”

I chuckled. “So you’re saying… home-wrecking is the Wright Family birthright?”

He shrugged. “Somebody has to be the one to set things in order. May as well be us, instead of being on the other side of the equation.”

“I guess you have a point there.”

“I know I do. So tell me what’s going on with you and Toni now. You know… I always wondered why you two didn’t get together, but I made it a point to mind my business – hint-hint.”

“Chill, Pops. I promise you, I wasn’t trying to interfere with you and Imara. At all.”

“Uh-huh. Stay on message.”

“Right. Well… it’s just with Toni… the shit is just complicated.”

“What’s complicated about it?”

I scrubbed a hand over my face. “Like… we’re friends, right? But then I messed it up – or we messed it up – and she goes off around the world, and we don’t talk. She comes back, we finally work it out, but now it’s different. It’s like… no matter how hard I try, I can’t look at her as just a friend, and it’s messing with my head. This is Toni. The girl I used to write letters to over the summer when we were little, and caught stuffing her bra, teased about writing some little nappy-headed dude’s name in her notebooks. My friend. But now, I’m… thinking about how our life would look together. She came to the hospital to see Bri yesterday, and man… she was so good with her that it had me thinking about what kind of stepmother she would be, and if she and Cat would get along. She’s sexy, and supportive, and funny, and easy to talk to… about everything except this. And the physical attraction… goddamnit. How am I supposed to be “friends” with this woman when all I want to do is touch her?”

For a long moment, my father just stared at me, then shook his head. “Boy, you are stupid.”

“How am I stupid?”

“Well, you have to be, if you think something this damned simple is “complicated”. If you can’t look at her as a friend – stop trying to.”

“But that’s what we are,” I argued. “That’s what we’ve been, for more than twenty years. Since we were little kids.”

“Stupid.”

But, wha—”

“Stupid.”

“Pops…”

“Stupid. I oughta kick your dumb ass, on Toni’s behalf, for her having to deal with you.”

“Damn, you don’t think that’s a little harsh?”

“I think you’re a little stupid.”

“Come on, dude.”

“Alright… listen to me, son. You have to stop being so goddamn stupid.”

“Pops!”

“Listen, I said. You’re stubborn as a mule, and lord knows you got it honest. But once you make a decision on something, you’re firm. Hard to change your mind. That’s a double-edged sword, son. You have to be able to be moved sometimes without being forced. You have to be able to adapt to change without making a mess. Look at how you acted all cold with Imara the first few months we dated, just because you were used to your Pops being alone.”

I sucked my teeth. “Man, and look at what happened with that when I did give in and give my blessing. It imploded!”

“That’s not the issue at hand though. What I’m saying is that… you can’t confuse the way something has been in the past with the way it has to be. Time changes and experience changes people, and you have to be able to adapt to that, or you’re going to find yourself lonely. You can sit back on your haunches if you want to, holding on to this woman being your “friend” because that’s what you’re used to. But I’m telling you… you’re going to look up, and she’s going to be engaged to somebody that’s not a knucklehead. And I’m not gonna want to hear about it.”

I chuckled about that last little piece, but sank back into the couch as I sorted out his wisdom. There was truth to his words, and I knew it. There were running jokes in our family about me being the stubborn one, and they hadn’t come out of nowhere. I wasn’t really the type to come to blind conclusions about things, so the decisions I made, the “truths” I held on to, were usually well-informed, and born of experience.

But the thing was… I had no experience here.

The idea of Toni and I being anything more than friends was completely new – completely foreign to me. Add that to the fact that she’d just come back in my life… it made it hard to push myself into anything that could potentially tear us apart again – or worse, permanently.

Sex that first time hadn’t been a great idea. But it just kind of… happened. We weren’t thinking, we were just following the trail that chemistry had left for us. The second time… the drinks hadn’t exactly helped. But when it came down to it, we were doing what we really wanted. The uninhibited, unrestrained reality was that the desire for each other overruled the logic that we shouldn’t indulge that notion.

And now… here we were.

“I guess you’re right, Pops. I just… I don’t want to end up not having her in my life because I messed up again. We did that once before. I don’t want it to happen a second time.”

“Then don’t be stupid. Talk to her. Make it right.”

I blew out a sigh. “Yeah… I know. But she’s not even in the country anymore. She went to Nigeria, to meet a new author… and she was talking about not coming back.”

“Sounds like you need to be booking a plane ticket, or getting her back here.”

I chuckled. “Well, I can’t leave after what just happened with Bri. I want her back on her feet first. But I’m hoping Toni decides to come back, even just for those few days. Whatever we decide, we should probably get on the same page.”

“Don’t just hope – make it happen. I’m telling you, you’ll be sick if you see her end up with somebody else because you were too stubborn to take a chance.”

At that, my father threw his hands up to drive home his point, then rounded the desk to sit down.

“You know,” I said, after a few moments of silence had passed between us. “This advice you’ve given me… I really think you may need to take it yourself, man.”

Pops looked up from his computer, eyebrow raised. “Excuse me?”

“You and Imara. I know, I know,” I said, raising a hand as he rolled his eyes. “Just hear me out. I know you had it in your head that marriage is the ultimate goal – and I’m not saying you should change that. But I don’t think you and Imara are that far apart in where you want to be. Y’all are at least in the same damn book – you love each other, and you want to be together. So if you both want the same thing… why are you letting something as simple as a title keep you apart?”

He shook his head. “It’s not that simple, son.”

“But it is, really. You want to be together forever. She wants to be together forever. So… be together. What’s the problem?”

“You try saying that shit to a woman, see what happens.”

I laughed. “I get it, man. It’s a double standard. But do you want to find somebody else?”

“No. I want Imara.”

I shrugged. “Well, man… maybe you’re going to have to be the one to make that compromise. Maybe you have to move, instead of the expectation falling on her.”

My father sat back, hands folded together as he looked at me. After a few moments, he nodded. “Alright son. I hear you. I’ll think about it.”

I stood up, reaching across the desk to shake his hand – a gesture he accepted. “There we go! Good, man. I want to see you happy Pops. And differences aside… I know Imara did that for you. I hope you two can work it out.”

“We’ll see. Now get your ass out of my office, unless you have a down payment ready to put down.”

“Stop trying to act like a tough guy, old man,” I said, rounding the desk as he stood up. He pulled me into a hug, patting me on the back hard enough to make me stumble.

“You’re coming to your brother’s get-together tonight, right?”

“The thing at Jay’s? Yeah. I think he’s going to propose tonight. He invited all of us… even Imara is going to be there.”

Pops scowled. “He conveniently left that out of the invitation.”

“Perfect chance to talk to Imara though… unless she’s bringing a date.”

I ducked as he swung at me, laughing as I jogged out his office. He yelled a few choice words in my direction as I left the dealership, but I had a good feeling he would take advantage of the opportunity that had been presented to him.

Now… I just needed an opportunity of my own.



- & -

There wasn’t a single part of me surprised to find Cat and Bri posted up on my couch – instead of at her house – when I got home. There was popcorn everywhere, like they’d been fighting with it, and a half-eaten fruit platter decorated my coffee table.

“You couldn’t have made this mess at your house instead?” I asked Cat, keeping my voice low as I bent to lift Bri’s sleeping form off her lap. “How was she today?”

“Tired, but happy. And why would I do that, when I could make it at yours?” she called after me, as I carried Bri to her room.

A few minutes later, I emerged to find my living room back in proper order, and Cat in the kitchen putting away the fruit.

“Thank you,” I told her, grabbing a handful of grapes before she slipped the plastic back on. “But seriously… your husband isn’t worried about you being over here just for the fun of it?”

“My husband knows I don’t want you Justin,” she said, rolling her eyes as she stuck the tray in my refrigerator. “And everybody knows who you want.”

I sucked my teeth. “Here you go again. Let me guess, you’re back on your whole “you and Toni always wanted each other” thing from college?”

“Nope.” She crossed her arms, smirking as she leaned back against the refrigerator door. “Hubby is good friends with the campus cop who busted the two of you going at it on BSU campus. You’re lucky he thought it was funny. I hope you got the car detailed before you drove Bri around in it again.”

“Man, we weren’t “going at it” anyway though,” I said, nudging her out of the way so I could get a bottle of water. “We were… studying.”

Cat laughed. “Right. Studying. Let me guess… Sex Ed?”

“Anatomy,” I teased, then moved past her again to head to my office. “Are you keeping Muffin tonight, or you want me to take her with me to Jay’s thing?”

Cat stopped in the doorway, and when I sat down, I swiveled to face her. “I’ll keep her. She’s been napping on and off all day. I want to let her sleep.”

I nodded. “Okay.” I waited for Cat to say something else, or… leave, but neither of those happened. Instead, she stayed in the doorway with her arms crossed, just looking at me. “Uh… what’s up?’

“Just thinking,” she said, shrugging. “About allll the times you’ve denied there being something with you and Toni, and yet…”

“Oh my God, are we still on this? Aren’t you happily married?”

“Yes, I am, and I’m not mad, I’m just saying… I told you so.”

I couldn’t help the grin that spread over my face. “You’ve been dying to say that for years, haven’t you?”

“I sure as hell have,” she laughed, sticking her tongue out. “You swore there was nothing, never had been anything, and never would be anything. She came to me, on some woman to woman, clear the air type of shit, and swore the same thing… and yet. You two get caught bumping uglies on campus. How nostalgic is that?!”

I chuckled. “In our defense, at the time, there really wasn’t anything. Nobody lied to you.”

“But y’all tried to make me think I was crazy. I need you to admit that my intuition was on point. Y’all may not have seen it, but I did, and I want my credit damn it. Your first baby together better be named Cat. Or start with a C, or wear a onesie with cats on it, something. Pay homage, bruh.”

I ducked my head, playfully bowing. “You happy now, Cat the Oracle?”

“As a matter of fact…yes. I am,” she grinned. “So when’s the wedding day? What kind of flower girl dress does Bri need?”

“Whoa,” I held up a hand. “Slow down. I was worried about you two getting along, and you’re already planning a wedding?”

Cat shrugged. “Toni is fine by me. I only had beef with her when I thought I was going to lose my man to her. Since you’re not my problem anymore, neither is she. As long as she’s good to Bri, which seems to be the case, so…”

“Good, good. I’m glad to hear it, but you can still hold off on those wedding bells. I’m not even sure anything more is going to come about. I may have fucked it up.”

She frowned. “Already? Damn, Jus. What happened?”

“It’s a long story.”

“So what’s the elevator pitch? Come on, two lines. Sum it up.”

I pushed out a sigh. “Uh… I didn’t speak up when she told me she was feeling conflicted about us remaining friends or becoming more. I let her leave without being completely honest about the fact that I was feeling the same way, and now… she might not be coming back”

“Oh wow… that was stupid.”

“Look, I’m not gonna be too many more “stupids” before I cuss somebody out.”

“Yikes,” Cat said, putting a hand to her chest. “That hit a nerve. Sorry. I really didn’t mean to call you stupid, but your actions maybe weren’t…. the smartest, if what you’re telling me is how it happened. Jus, as long as I’ve known you, you’ve been a pretty straightforward guy, not really about the ambiguity. So letting something like this happen seems out of character for you.”

“Yeah,” I agreed, turning to face my computer. “It is. But the whole situation has me out of character. I just need to get my bearings back.”

“Well, I hope it works out. Toni would be a good look for you. Major upgrade from everybody else you’ve dated since the divorce.”

I raised an eyebrow. “So I see we’ve reached the end of your daily allotment of pleasantry for me.”

“We have,” she said, and I could hear the smile in her voice, even though I couldn’t see it. “If Bri wakes up, tell her I ran to the art gallery. What time is the thing at Jay and Reese’s?”

“Seven.”

“Alright. I’ll be back.”

“Don’t hurry.”

“Didn’t plan to.”

I chuckled a little as I heard her footsteps fade down the hall, then turned my attention to the computer. I hadn’t touched my manuscript since Toni looked at. I knew she was upset when she left, and that had killed my focus.

Even before the conversation with my father, and then Cat, I’d been pissed at myself for the way I left things between me and Toni. If the situation were different – somebody else being the one to send her mixed signals, with me hearing about it – I’d be ready to kick ass. It was hypocritical. And it was fucked up. And honestly, she deserved better.

In my head, I knew these things, but getting myself to act on them had proven difficult. And it was hard for me to create when my personal life was all jacked up.

I pushed out a sigh as my eyes skimmed over the same words Toni had been devouring before I cut her off. A smile came to my face as I remember the certainty in her feedback that it was a good start. And if it hadn’t been… deleting those words, and starting over, were just a few simple movements away.

Too bad that wasn’t how things worked in real life.

There wasn’t a big undo button I could press, no way to just erase the fact that I’d messed up, and start again. I couldn’t take anything back.

But… I could move forward.

I squinted at my screen as an idea began to take shape in the back of my mind.

I’d been able to make things right between us before… maybe I could do it again.



- & -

“You know she’s not going to say yes, right?”

I grinned at the look Jason gave me when I walked into his kitchen handing him the bottle of wine I’d brought with me.

“That’s the first shit you say to say to me after you walk in my house unannounced? At least I have somebody to propose to nigga. Where is your woman? Oh, right – probably getting tongued down by a for real Nigerian prince right now, cause your stupid ass wanna be stupid.”

I scowled. “Goddamn, Jay! I was just messing with you, lighten the fuck up!” I glanced around the kitchen. “Where is everybody?”

“Don’t mind him,” Joseph chuckled from the other side of the kitchen, with a beer in his hand as he stirred something on the stove. “He’s nervous about tonight. Pops, Reese and Imara aren’t here yet. You probably passed Devyn sleeping out there on the couch. But to Jay’s point… I’ve always heard that Nigerian men like ass, and Toni has plenty of that. Plus that pretty ass skin…”

“The woman looks exactly like one of those “African Queen” memes,” Jay chimed in, pulling a stack of plates down from the cabinet. “So congratulations, Jus. You sent your queen into the arms of a nigga from the motherlands, and I bet he won’t be fickle about the shit.”

“That’s cold, Jason,” I said, shaking my head as I took a seat at the counter. “I’m your brother, and you’re really going to kick me while I’m down?”

“You started it, bruh.” He handed me the wine I’d brought, plus another bottle, and a corkscrew. “Open these. And I’m not kicking you while you’re down… I’m motivating you.”

“You’re coming for my damn neck is what you’re doing. Did you motherfuckers have a meeting or something today? First Pops, then Cat, now you. I’m waving my flag. Tapping out. I’m done.”

“We’re all on your side though,” Jay shrugged. “You know I’ve been a proponent of you and Toni together. Y’all were the only ones who couldn’t see it. Nobody else is surprised by the prospect.”

At the stove, Joseph nodded. “Yeah. We tried to tell you this when she first came back, but you brushed it off. If both people are single, there're only two things that keep a friendship platonic. Lack of compatibility, or lack of sexual chemistry.”

Jay chuckled. “And you and Toni can’t check either of those boxes. The only reason it took this long for y’all to get caught boning in a car is because she wasn’t speaking to you. Shit was bound to happen.”

“So I guess you’re an oracle too, like Cat?”

“I prefer visionary,” he grinned. “But I mean, I’ll respond to any titles offering me the respect and admiration my insight deserves.”

Joseph and I laughed as Jay pretended to take a bow. I pulled the cork out of the second bottle, then got up to go peek into some of the dishes keeping warm on top of the stove.

“So, visionary,” Joseph started, looking at Jay. “Why don’t you tell us how this night is going to go?”

Jay grinned, then took a seat at the counter. “Well, I’m going to have all my family here, except Lil’ Bit, Cat, or Toni – all the women Justin ran off.” – I wagged my middle finger in his direction- “and we’re all going to sit down to a nice meal, and have a few glasses of wine. And then, in front of my family, I am going to get down on one knee—”

“You only have one knee,” Joseph and I said, damn near in unison, then laughed as we turned to dap each other up.

“Aiight, so fuck both of y’all,” Jason said, even though he was laughing too. “That was a good one though, I should have seen that coming. But anyway – I’m going to get down on my one knee, and do right by the woman I love, by presenting her with that bomb ass ring, and asking her if she will be my wife. She’ll say yes, and then I will kick you motherfuckers out of my house, so me and my soon-to-be wife can practice on our future babies.”

“Soon-to-be wife?”

“Fuck,” Jason muttered, closing his eyes.

A few seconds later, Reese rounded the corner into view, staring at Jay with her lips parted, eyes wide. “Jay,” she whispered, “What… what were you talking about, just now?”

Neither Joseph nor I said anything – I couldn’t speak for him, but I didn’t know what to say.

“What are you doing here already?” Jason asked, grabbing her hand. “I thought you were going to wait on your mother to finish her office hours?”

Reese shook her head. “She was running behind, so I went ahead and came home… to help with dinner. Are you going to ignore my question?”

“What question?”

Wrong answer.

She confirmed my thought by propping her hands on her hips. “Jason Wright, you know damn well what I’m talking about!”

“That depends on exactly what you overheard.”

“Jay…”

Jason released Reese’s hand to scrub his face. “Alright… it wasn’t supposed to be like this, Princess, but…”

“Holy shit,” Reese screeched, then cupped her hands over her mouth as Jason got down from his stool to make the awkward transition to a kneeling position in front of her. She quickly pulled herself together, reaching down to help him situate his prosthetic. “Jay, what are you doing?”

“You know what I’m doing,” Jason said, smiling at her as he dug into the pocket of his jeans for the black box he’d shown us at my father’s house a few weeks back. “When your rude ass tried to play me that day in the classroom, you didn’t imagine this happening, did you?”

Reese wiped her eyes. “When I thought you would get my clothes dirty, or when I implied you were too sensitive for my mother’s course?”

Jason chuckled. “You pick.”

A smile spread across Reese’s face as she shook her head. “No. I can say without reservation that I had no clue that you, of all people, would be proposing to me.”

“Who said I’m proposing?” he asked, his expression completely serious. “I could be offering an ancient commitment ceremo—”

“Jay, I am not my mother. I will kill you right here in this kitchen, in front of your brothers, don’t play with me.”

“You’re not tough, Princess.”

“The hell I’m not. I blazed you on the basketball court yesterday.”

“In your damn dreams, maybe. The only place you can beat me.”

Reese sucked her teeth. “Uh huh. Let’s see who beats who if I hide all of your prosthetics. How about that?”

“See… shit like that is why I love you,” Jason said, flipping open the box to show her the ring, which made her gasp. “But understand… I blow your back out on one leg all the time, I’m sure I could blow you out on the court too.”

In a choked voice, Reese told him, “Name the time. Name the place.”

“For your ass-whooping on the court… or to be my wife?”

She smiled. “For anything you want, Jay.”

Jason gave her a look that was so filled with love it made my throat feel tight. “So is that a yes? You’ll marry me?”

“No,” Reese said, dropping to her knees in front of him, so she was on his level. “It’s a hell yes.”

As I watched my baby brother put a ring on, and then kiss and embrace his new fiancée, my thoughts led straight to Toni. What she was doing, who she was with… thoughts of if some day…

Damn.

I’d spent all this time trying to figure out if I should be open to the possibility of something more than friends with Toni… but maybe that was just the tip of the iceberg. Because now that I was more than willing – now that I wanted that… it seemed like I had a more pressing question to ask myself.

Have I fallen in love with my best friend?





Thirteen



I curled my lip at my empty wine glass, and then reached for the bottle, pouring the last of it. I shouldn’t be drinking so much, and I knew it, but… how the hell else was I supposed to make this decision?

My business in Lagos had gone fine. It had gone great, actually. Janelle met me, and together we talked with what I hoped would be a new author on our roster. Good food, good conversation, and – potentially – a valuable addition to our Scattered Seeds family made the day a success.

Having an old fling who lived here reach out to me once he heard I was in town made it… something else. He invited me out for drinks, but we both knew what that actually meant. Whenever we found ourselves near each other, we had “drinks” that left me with wobbly legs, a clear head, and a sated sexual appetite.

When he asked me this time, I said yes.

I showered, and epilated, and perfumed, and then… I canceled.

For the whole two days I was there, I wore a smile I didn’t feel. The more I settled into the change in dynamic between me and Justin, the more devastated about it I became. I’d gone from happy and relieved to having my friend back, to wondering if our friendship could survive the fact that he’d… kinda broken my heart.

Again.

It was enough to send anybody reeling, I would think.

But I knew sex with a foreign fling wasn’t the cure for what ailed me – time was. And along with time… honesty. There were conversations I needed to have, instead of talking around them, hoping for the best. That wasn’t really up for debate.

The question was, did I need to have these conversations face to face?

So I was drinking my way through it.

Drinking and crying while I sat in front of my laptop, waffling back and forth over the decision to press the “buy” button on a one-way ticket back home, or a round-trip to take me back there for a few days, and then… anywhere else.

Or, just straight to somewhere else.

No trip home at all.

I could talk to my mother over the phone, and tell her everything I’d been holding on to. I could even make the decision to set up the Scattered Seeds home office there – my presence, for now, wouldn’t even be necessary. Janelle was more than qualified to choose a space. I didn’t have to show my face at all.

And Justin… had made his choice. I wasn’t even sure that conversation was necessary.

There you go again, Toni. Being a coward.

“Or protecting myself,” I said out loud. And maybe that was the same thing as being a coward, but I really wasn’t that interested in having another rejection shoved in my face.

I closed the open windows in my web browser that had tickets that would take me back home. My last open window had a ticket in the shopping cart that would take me from Lagos to London, where I had a meeting in a few weeks anyway. I moved the mouse to the “checkout” button. It wouldn’t be a big deal to just stay there until my meeting. I could find a decent hotel, and conduct business from there.

Just like always.

In my lap, my phone buzzed, and I picked it up, frowning at the screen.

“Hey… you doing all right over there in Nigeria? – LL Cool J”

I rolled my eyes, and tossed the phone down on the desk, intending to ignore it until it buzzed again.

“Do you know if you’re coming back yet? I want to talk to you about something. – LL Cool J”

I hated the way the second text perked me up. Still, I swallowed the little bit of excitement, and typed out:

“Hey, it’s going fine. What did you need to talk about? I’m not busy right now.”

“I’d actually prefer to have this conversation in person, see your face if possible. Will you be back home?”

I let out a deep breath as my mind ran through the possibilities of what he might want to discuss. I didn't want to get my hopes up, but I knew Justin wasn’t the type to make something bigger than it was, not usually. If he wanted to see me in person, it was important.

And with everything that had happened between us… I could only think of one thing important enough that he would want to talk about it in person.

A tiny smile crept onto my face, and I bit down on my lip to try to hold it back. I clicked on my computer screen to open a new browser window, then picked up my phone again to type.

“Yeah,” I typed, hoping I wasn’t going to end up regretting it. “I have another meeting and then I’m coming back. See you in three days.”



- & -

I was nervous as hell.

Excited as hell.

Scared as hell.

Tired as hell, after a twenty-hour trip home, and ready to see what Justin wanted to talk about. We’d been in touch over the last few days, but no amount of prodding had gotten him to give me any hints as to what this seemingly important conversation would be about. The most I’d gotten was an “I miss you” that could be interpreted so many ways I didn’t bother building my hopes around it.

I was just ready to hear what he had to say.

I found my hotel room mostly as I’d left it. I was still on the fence about the office space being here, but if I did decide to stick around, I was going to have to find an apartment. I wasn’t supposed to see Justin for another few hours, so I spent a little time taking inventory of what I had, and making a rough plan for getting it moved to… wherever I ended up.

With that on my mind, I undressed to take a shower I badly needed after such a long flight. I was just getting ready to step into the spray of hot water when a knock came at the door. I quickly found, and wrapped myself in a robe, then went to the peephole to look out.

My eyes went wide when I saw that it was Justin.

Shit, I muttered to myself, glancing at my reflection in the mirror on the wall. I looked tired, and fresh off a long plane ride, but this was Justin. He’d seen me in much worse states than this. I pushed out a breath, hoping to relieve myself of some of the fluttering in my chest, then opened the door.

“Hey,” I said, stepping aside to let him through the door. “I wasn’t expecting you for another hour or so.”

“My bad.” He pushed his hands into the pockets of his jeans, and gave me a sheepish, sexy grin. “You texted and said you’d made it to the hotel, and I just… I don’t know. Impatience got the best of me. It looks like you were in the middle of something though, so—”

“It’s fine,” I smiled. “Have a seat. What did you want to talk about?”

“Anxious, huh?” he teased, passing me to drop into a seat at my suite’s bar counter.

I shrugged, wrapping my arms around myself. “Well, yeah, a little. I’m kind of dying to know what so important that you needed to see me in person to talk about it. What is this about?”

“Us,” he said, and that little bubble of hope swelled in me again. “I know we had a rough patch for a few years, that hasn’t been mended very long…”

I nodded. “That’s true. But we bounced right back from that… like it was nothing.”

“Right. But I don’t want to make another mistake like what happened before, with us not being forthcoming with each other, you know. Just putting it all out there, making it all plain.”

“I don’t want that either.”

He grinned. “Good. So… what I’m getting at right now, is that… no matter what happens between us, I want us to always be able to fall back on Rule #9. We’re stuck with each other, even if the other shit doesn’t go as planned. We’ve got twenty years in this friendship thing… nothing should be able to touch that.”

“I…” I swallowed hard, willing myself to stay composed. “I understand that. And… I agree.”

“Good,” he said again, reaching for my hand. I closed the few steps between us to let him grasp it. He squeezed my fingers between his, then brushed my knuckles with the pad of his thumb. “With that said… I want some things that would change, and honestly challenge the nature of our relationship.”

The hope bubble swelled bigger.

“I’d like for you to consider letting me sign with Scattered Seeds for my next book.”

My lips parted, letting allll the hope dissipate as my bubble collapsed in on itself.

“Oh,” was all I could manage to say before my throat seemed to close up, and air in the room started to feel… suffocating.

“Tee,” he urged, squeezing my hand again. I brought my gaze to his face, took in the apparent unease in his expression. He was serious about this. “Say something. I know the last time we mixed business with friendship didn’t end so well, but this time… I’ll sign anything you put in front of me in terms of honoring the contract, all of that. No verbal agreements. We do it right this time, so there’s no chance of a repeat. What do you think?”

“I…” I pushed out a breath, then slipped my hand away from his to run my fingers through my hair. “Um… I already told you this, Jus. You’re… amazingly talented. Any publisher who turned you down would be making a mistake, and I don’t believe in purposeful mistakes. So… I think you should submit a proposal. But I can tell you now… your answer would be yes.”

“Seriously?” he asked, sounding genuinely surprised.

I rolled my eyes. “Yes, seriously. And my answer would have been yes while I was pissed at you, too. Scattered Seeds is my company, but it’s not me. I mean, I generally like the authors we work with, but it’s business. Talent is good for business, and you have that in heaps, so… yes. I’d love to have you on our roster.”

I tried my very best to offer a smile that matched the happiness in his, but inside… I wanted to melt into a puddle of tears. I let him hug me, but quickly pulled away from his embrace, turning so that my back was to him.

“Um… I haven’t had a chance to shower yet, so I’m gonna go do that,” I said, struggling to keep the emotion out of my voice as I walked to the bathroom, not waiting for his response. “We can talk more about your pitch later. Make sure you close the front door when you leave.”

I closed the one to the bathroom firmly behind me.

Okay, I slammed it.

But slamming that door shut did very, very little to calm the storm of hurt and rage rolling around inside of me.

I came back for this?!

We could have done that over the phone.

He could have sent a fucking email.

But instead, he’d let me get my hopes up that he wanted to see me in person because he wanted to be able to hold me. Touch me. Kiss me. But… no.

He just wanted to remind me that we were “friends” again.

I flipped on the water to start the shower, not bothering to adjust the temperature before I stepped in. The cold water on my skin was like a shock to my system – maybe one that I needed – but I quickly adjusted it up, until it somewhat matched the temperature of the hot tears streaming down my face.

I stepped back, resting against the slick, smooth tile of the shower wall. I kept my eyes closed as the water rained down on me, hoping that it would somehow wash all of this away.

You can’t be mad at him for this, I told myself. It’s not fair. Think about how disgusted you’d be if this was flipped, and Justin was upset with you because you dared to not want him in that way.

As logical as that was… it didn’t really make me feel any better. It didn’t make it hurt any less. And I wasn’t even sure how I’d gotten here, to a point where I apparently had much more than a crush on my best friend.

An unfamiliar sound in the bathroom made me move my head from underneath the spray and open my eyes. I wiped water from my face to find Justin on the other side of the shower’s glass door, nearly finished getting undressed.

“Justin, what the hell are you doing?” I asked, feeling a fresh round of rage bubble up in me as he opened the door and stepped in. “I hope you don’t think we’re about to christen our business relationship with sex.”

“Not at all,” he said, not flinching as the water beat down on his side.

My nostrils flared. “Good!” I swiped away the rivulets of water streaming from my hair into my face. “And don’t think I’m about to give you “welcome back” sex either, or whatever the hell you think is about to happen. You want to be friends, fine, but what you won’t do is use me for sex like that’s the only thing I have to offer you.”

“You know better than to think that about me, Tee.”

I threw up my hands. “Do I, Justin? Cause if that’s not why your naked ass is in here, what are you here for?!”

“To talk to you,” he said, stepping forward, but I immediately put my hands on his chest to shove him back. I groaned in frustration when he didn’t even budge, just grabbed my wrists to pull me closer. “You said you were getting in the shower, so here, we’re in the shower. But I wasn’t finished talking to you.”

I rolled my eyes. “Whatever. You said you had something you wanted that would change our relationship, introduced that you wanted to sign with Scattered Seeds. Bam. Finished.”

“I said I had some things. Plural. Not finished. And I’m not about to let you push me away until you’ve at least heard me out.”

“You’ve had ample opportunity to say anything you needed to say to me, Justin. So either say it, or leave me the fuck alone while I figure out how to be “just” your friend.”

For several moments, neither of us spoke. I glared at him, much more defiantly than I felt, wanting him to see that tears mingled with the water streaming down my cheeks. He released his hold on my wrists, cupping my face to search for… something. But I didn’t have anything to give him. No comfort, no patience, no understanding. In that moment… I was all out.

“I’m sorry,” he said quietly, then leaned into me. And despite my angry declarations, I melted into his touch and closed my eyes, whimpering as he whispered “I’m sorry,” again, against my lips, just before he kissed me.

He pressed me into the wall, and I didn’t fight it. I was exhausted from my flight, exhausted from the confusion of our friendship, and just… out of energy. I was still crying as he kissed my face – quiet sobs that I didn’t bother holding back as he told me, over and over that he was sorry for hurting me. If nothing else… he was supposed to be my friend, and if you couldn’t cry in front of a friend… who the hell did you have?

My eyes were shut tight, but I let out a shuddering breath at the sensation of my shower sponge against my skin. I opened just enough to see him as Justin carefully soaped my arms, my breasts, my stomach and pelvic area. I looked away as he turned me to wash my back, then bent to get my legs. Not until he turned me back around, and kneeled in front of me to wash my feet and the fronts of my legs did I open my eyes again. To watch him, as he cared for me in a way that was so intensely intimate it made my chest ache.

As if he could feel my eyes on him, he looked up, and our gazes met. He stood, looking right at me as he took down the sprayer to remove all traces of soap from my skin. Before he put the sprayer back, he rinsed the sponge in the shower spray until it was clean, then lowered it, pressing it at the crest of my thighs.

He pressed me back against the wall again, lowering his mouth to my ear. “Open,” he said, and I did, parting my thighs enough for him to push the wet sponge between my legs. He washed me there, with a much gentler hand than I would have used for myself, then let the sponge drop to the shower floor.

I sucked in a breath when he replaced it with his fingers.

“I don’t want you to go away again,” he muttered into my neck, then gently sank his teeth into my wet skin. I moaned as he pushed his fingers into me, then pulled his head back to look me in the eyes. “Get the office space here. Stay here. With me.”

I closed my eyes tight, shaking my head. I didn’t want his words – or fingers – to feel so good. “This doesn’t help,” I said, reluctantly grabbing his wrist to still his movement. “I don’t want you to want this just because you think it’s what I want. You have to want it because you just…do.”

“I do,” he said, lifting a hand to hold the back of my neck.

“Then why am I just now hearing it?”

His fingers went up into the wet curls at my nape, digging in as he urged my face toward his. “Because I… I’m stupid.”

“You’re not stupid.”

“But I am,” he murmured into my lips, then pushed his fingers into me again, making me gasp. He accepted my open mouth as an invitation, slipping his tongue inside to taste and tease me for a few moments before he pulled back, resting his forehead against mine. “I shouldn’t have let you believe you were feeling uncertain and confused about our friendship by yourself. I like things to be… well-defined, and in order. Those feelings weren’t either of those things.”

I wanted to respond. I really, really did, but he drove his long, thick fingers deeper into me as he pressed his thumb to my clit in tight circles. My mouth opened, but only to let out whimpers of pleasure. I couldn’t speak.

“I fucked up,” he said, meeting my eyes. “I didn’t know how to process what was happening between us, and didn’t know how I felt about you.”

“And now you do?” I asked, in a breathless whimper.

Justin held my gaze as he nodded, then lowered his mouth to mine again. “I love you… and I’m not talking about “as a friend”.”

His lips were pressed to mine as soon as those words were out, and I draped my arms around his neck, urging him closer. I didn’t realize how heavy the weight of the last few weeks had been until it left my shoulders, and disappeared.

“I love you too,” I whispered into his mouth, just before he took it away, lowering his lips to my neck. My eyelids fluttered shut as he moved his hands, cupping and squeezing my breasts before he closed his mouth over my nipple. My lips parted as he sucked the sensitive peak, moving his head back to tease it with his teeth before he pulled it into his mouth again. Playing with me. Rolling his tongue around it, sucking so hard that it almost hurt. He gave my other breast the same attention, sucking and biting and teasing until the pressure in my stomach was almost more than I could stand. He brought his mouth back to mine, kissing me like he was trying to build permanent residence for his tongue next to mine.

And then, he knelt in front of me again.

The sponge was forgotten somewhere on the shower floor – his tongue was the accessory he used, plunging between my legs to slide over my sensitive skin. I grabbed onto the metal towel bar screwed to the wall with one hand, holding on for my life as he hooked my leg over his shoulder, covering me with his mouth.

With his whole face buried between my legs, arm hooked around my thigh, he pushed me up the wall. “Ahhh,” I cried, planting my free hand on top of his head as my body jerked in pleasure. Without warning, he hooked my other thigh over his shoulder too, opening me wider. I clenched my teeth, inhaling and exhaling harsh breaths as Justin’s tongue worked, licking and lapping and making my thighs quiver in bliss.

“Oh God, Oh God Oh God,” I whimpered over and over as he pushed his fingers into me and closed his lips around my clit, sucking it into his mouth. He flicked it and circled it with his tongue as he stroked me until tears – very, very different tears than the ones from before – were streaming down my face.

He had to pry my thighs from around his head after I came. We both laughed when he caught me under the arms as I started to slide down the shower wall once he let me down onto my temporarily jellied legs. He pushed up against the slick surface for leverage, then hooked my thighs around his waist.

I looked down at us, greedily anticipating the feeling of him inside of me. My belly clenched as soon as we connected, and I watched the transition of him sliding into me until our hips met. Our shared groan of contentment made me look up, meeting his gaze.

A different sort of smile curved up the corners of his mouth, and I couldn’t have kept myself from smiling back if I tried. He leaned in to brush his lips against mine, soft at first, but then harder… more urgent. He nibbled at the corners of my mouth, traced my bottom lip with his tongue, sucked and nipped, then devoured me, like he might never get another chance.

Then, he started to move in me.

Slow, lazy strokes that created an easy, delicious friction between us as we kissed. I closed my eyes, biting down on my lip as he dropped his mouth to my neck, sucking and biting as he drove into me harder, deeper, but not any faster.

“Who the hell told you it was okay to feel this damn good,” he growled into my skin, making me grin. He finally began to stroke faster – I got the feeling he couldn’t help himself – with firm upstrokes that pushed me up the slick wall, then left me sinking down onto him again. His grip on my ass tightened as he slammed into me harder, and so did my grip on his shoulders. I rocked into him, trying to meet his strokes, but quickly lost any sense of rhythm as a familiar quiver began to build between my legs.

A few moments later, I was digging my nails into shoulders, burying my face in his neck to muffle my screams as I came, hard. I was still blissfully dizzy when he pressed me into the wall like he was trying to push me through it, and released in me with a ragged growl.

Eventually, we separated long enough to wash up, then made our way to the big king-sized bed that anchored my suite. Justin laid out flat on his back, elbows bent, hands behind his head, and it felt almost comically natural to drape myself across his nude body, studying him in the comfortable silence that fell between us.

“So… what now?” I closed my eyes as he repositioned himself, so one hand was free to run his fingers through the short coils of my hair.

“What do you mean?” he asked, sounding sleepy.

I opened my eyes and tipped my head up to find that his eyes were closed. “I don’t want to be “that” girl, insisting on a title, insisting on knowing “what we are”. But I’m also too grown to operate in ambiguity. Not with you. So I’m asking you, what now?”

He dragged his eyes open, and moved his hand down to stroke my cheek. “Come here,” he said, and I moved up his body until we were chest to chest, and my eyes were in line with his.

“What?” I asked, when he didn’t say anything.

He raised an eyebrow at me. “What? You’re beautiful, I can’t just want to look at you?”

“Uh-uh,” I shook my head. “Not until you answer my question.”

“I don’t know how to answer it,” he said earnestly. “Everything I think of sounds corny as hell in my head, so I know it would be ten times worse out loud.”

I laughed. “Mmm hmm. Try me.”

He blew out a sigh, then averted his eyes, looking up at the ceiling for a second before his eyes came back to my face. “Okay. I’ve loved you as a friend since we were kids, and I’m… excited to explore a different type of love with you now. You are… incredible. This feels good. This feels right. I hope this lasts forever.” Tears pricked at my eyes as he gave me another one of those sheepish smiles. “So bad you’re speechless?”

I immediately shook my head, then lowered myself to press my mouth to his. “No, Jus. I don’t think that’s corny at all. I think it’s sweet.”

“Really?” he asked, and I broke into giggles as he flipped us over, settling between my legs. I smiled at the pleasant feeling of his weight on top of me, then nodded.

“Yes, really. And I couldn’t agree more.”





Fourteen





“Now after you stack ‘em up then stop, and what, what, what, what sell ‘em like they hot.”

I tried my best not to smile, but couldn’t help it as Justin came into the stock room adding another line to his “Back That Azz Up” remix. “What are you doing here?” I asked, looking up just as he turned the corner to where I was.

He looked good as hell – dark jeans, navy blue sweater, and fresh line-up and shave that had my mouth watering a little. Exactly a week had passed since our shower revelations, and I was already getting very comfortable in my lust for the man formerly known as my best friend.

Well… he was still that, just with the enhanced title as my man.

“Same thing I’m always doing here,” he said, hooking an arm around my waist to pull me away from the portable shelf I was stocking. “Bri Bri needs her weekly fix.”

I laughed. “My girl is going to have enough books to have her own store soon.”

“Nope.” He planted a kiss on my cheek, then moved down to my neck, making me giggle. “We donated two boxes before we came. Her idea.”

“Sweet child. She bounced right back from that scare a few weeks ago.”

“Full recovery,” he said, grinning as he walked me backward until we reached the wall.

I moaned as he started kissing my neck again, and closed my eyes. “Where is she?”

“Charming your mother into a doughnut and cider from the bakery. I figure they’ll be busy for five to seven minutes, which is just enough time for me to make you come,” he rumbled into my ear, causing a flood of wetness between my legs.

I bit my lip as his hands went under the hem of my dress and into the waistband of my tights. “Am I really that easy?”

“Easier if I kiss you right here while I do it,” he said, then kissed a particular spot on my neck that made my knees go weak.

“Well this is new,” a voice rang out, making my heart leap up into my throat. Justin and I both cursed under our breath as we sprang apart, quickly distancing ourselves from each other. He shoved his hand into his pockets, and I tried to smooth the fresh wrinkles from my dress.

Neither of us looked at my mother.

“Justin,” she said, with a curtness I’d never heard her use with him before. “Bri ran into a friend from school and her father out in the store. They want to arrange a playdate. You should go handle that.”

“Yes ma’am.” He quickly strode past her, and I looked up just in time to see him mouth “yikes” over her shoulder before he went back out into the main part of the store. I could feel my mother’s eyes on me, damn near burning a hole in my side, and I pushed out a deep sigh before I finally shifted my gaze to hers.

“Antoinette Michelle Ross,” she started, arms crossed. “I am appalled. I understand that you’re a young woman in her sexual prime. You have needs. But that is why you keep a portable companion in your bedside drawer – it is not a license to be cavorting with Justin Wright in the back of my store while you have a fiancé! Have you lost your mind little girl?”

“Mama, I—”

“What if he had been the one to walk back here, trying to surprise you, and found you letting your “friend” put his hand up your skirt?”

“Mama, if you—”

“You know, I’d noticed a trend with those Wright boys, but I thought Justin was different. I remember back in the day, their daddy took their mama from one of those Debarge boys, and I guess he just passed that right down—”

“Mama!” I shouted, which finally got her attention, and her scowl deepened as the unspoken question of “who the hell are you yelling at little girl?” practically flashed in neon lights over her head. “I… I’m not engaged anymore.”

A stupefied look crossed my mother’s face for a few seconds before it was quickly replaced with disappointment. “Because you were running around on him, frolicking around with Justin?!”

“No,” I said, dropping my gaze to the floor. “Um… It’s been a while.”

I lifted my head to see she that she was frowning hard, trying to figure out what I was talking about. “What is “a while”, Toni?”

“Since before I came back to help with the store.”

Her eyebrows shot up. “So… months ago then?”

I didn’t want to nod. I didn’t want to confirm that I’d been letting her believe something that wasn’t true for that long, but… I couldn’t keep it up forever. Especially now that she’d caught me letting Justin… put his hands in my cookie jar.

“Why on earth wouldn’t you tell me something like that, Toni?” she asked, propping her hands on her hips, and giving me the kind of withering look only a mother could.

And my response felt weak as hell as I shrugged, casting my eyes down at the floor yet again. “I just… I didn’t want you to be disappointed in me.”

“I – disappointed?? Little girl—disappoin—how the hell did you think lying would make me feel, Toni?” Tears pricked my eyes as my mother took a step toward me, deep frustration clear in her expression. “You are smarter than that, Toni. You’re a grown ass woman, and you’re going to look me in my face and tell me you lied to me for months, to keep me from being disappointed about a broken engagement?”

I shook my head. “Not about the broken engagement though. Not… really.”

“Then what?”

“The reason for it,” I managed to say, despite the fact that my tongue felt tangled in knots. “If I told you Russell and I broke up, you’d want to know why, and I… Mama, I couldn’t figure out how to say it to you.”

She threw her hands up. “What is the problem here, Toni? I know I raised you to be able to talk to me. You’ve never been secretive, never kept things from me. So what could you possibly be so ashamed of that you felt like you couldn’t tell me?”

“It’s not that I’m ashamed, it’s—”

“Did you cheat on the man?”

“Mama—”

“Did he cheat on you?”

“Mama—”

“Did you—”

“Mama!” I shouted, earning myself the same look I’d gotten before. This time, I shook it off, swallowing hard before I delivered the news I’d been avoiding for more than six months. “Russell broke up with me because I couldn’t give him babies.”

My mother’s frown deepened even more, and I could tell she was trying to process my words. I could practically see the calculations happening in her mind – even the exact moment when she rejected the factual conclusion her brain had led her to, and shook her head.

“You mean, he broke things off because you weren’t ready to start a family yet?”

The lump I’d just swallowed launched itself back up into my throat, and stayed there as I struggled to take a deep breath. “No, mama. I mean that I can’t have children. “

“That’s not funny, Toni.”

I reached up, brushing away the stray tear that dripped down my cheek. “I know. It’s not funny at all. I wish I were joking, but several different doctors have all told me the same thing.”

My mother took a half –step back, like she’d been punched in the chest. She even put her hand there, closing her fingers around the silver cross she always wore around her neck.

“So you’re saying... no grandchildren?” she asked, her voice cracking over the words as she spoke them aloud. Somehow, that seemed to give them more gravity, and she raised her hand to her mouth.

The tears I’d been trying my best to hold back bubbled up, and started spilling down my cheeks. “I’m sorry, Mama. I really didn’t want to tell you this. I know how much you wanted the chance to hold and cuddle and spoil a baby. After everything you did for me, I wanted to be able to give you that, but I… I can’t.”

She still just seemed… stunned, as she stood there. I could tell she was shattered inside – the look in her eyes was exactly why I’d been avoiding this so hard. She’d taken me in, treated me like her own from day one. I owed her everything. And the one thing she’d been looking forward to from me… I couldn’t give her.

“I’m so, so sorry,” I said, frantically trying to wipe the tears from my face, but they kept coming. Me speaking again seemed to snap her out of her thoughts, and her eyes went wide when she looked at me.

“Hush, girl,” she said, closing the space between us to pull me into a tight hug. “I’m sorry, that you felt like you had to keep this from me. Yes, it hurts. Yes, it’s disappointing. But you’re still mine. And I still love you. Nothing changes that, Toni. I’ll need a few moments to process it, but I’ll be alright. And if that no-count fiancé of yours can’t see past this, good riddance to him. I always thought he was funny-looking anyway.”

I sniffled, then shook my head. “Russell was very attractive, Mama.”

She grunted. “Yeah, if you like tall, caramel-skinned, and handsome with a bald head. Yuck,” she said, then pulled back to look at me before we both burst into laughter. “He can still take a long walk off a short bridge,” she said, when we finally stopped. “Breaking up with my daughter.”

“In his defense… he tried to get me back. But by that time, I was already… mentally I’d moved on.”

My mother used her thumbs to dry my cheeks, then tipped my chin up, so I was looking at her. “To Justin Wright?”

I dragged my teeth over my lip, then nodded. “Yes.”

“Mmmhmm. You want to explain how that happened?”

I shook my head. “Not really. Mostly because I don’t even know myself. It just… happened.”

“Well, that’s usually how it goes. I take it he was a large factor in your decision to find that office space here for your company?”

I grinned. “Maybe a little bit.”

“Mmhmm. I’ll have to give him my gratitude then, for being the one to get you to come back home, instead of going off to repeat your childhood again.”

I squinted at her, tilting my head to the side as I tried to figure out what she was referring to. “Mama… I have no idea what that means.”

A little smile crossed her face. “Ah… you still haven’t realized that’s what you’ve been doing, when you do all this country-hopping. You really thought being a “nomad” was just a hobby of yours?”

“Uhh, yeah,” I said, still confused. “Are you saying it’s not?”

“Think about it, sweetheart. Your birth mother couldn’t take care of you, so you got bounced around her side of the family. Then she died, and you were just bounced around more. Right after trauma, no time to heal. You went right to being bounced around your father’s side of the family. Then he went to prison when you were six, and again, no time to heal. You ended up in the system at seven, and got bounced from home to home then too. When you finally ended up with me, you kept a bag packed – always ready to go, just in case. But instead of what you expected, you got stability. You got a family. And then when family – Justin – hurt you… you went right to what was familiar to you after a trauma. You bounced around the world.”

“Wow,” I whispered. “I… never considered that, but I guess you’re right. When I’m moving around so much, it doesn’t give me time to really process anything. I’m busy enough to block it out.”

My mother nodded. “Not only that… it keeps you too busy to make attachments, and put down roots. But just like when you were a little girl, with me and your father, with the Wright family… you have a home here. You don’t have to keep running, trying to avoid getting hurt or hurting anybody. You stay, and you fix it. Or you don’t. But you don’t tap out on living your life.”

“Thank you Mama,” I said, pulling her close to wrap her in a hug.

“You’re welcome sweetheart.” She squeezed me around the waist, then pulled back to look me in the eyes. “I understand why you didn’t tell me about you and Russell. I don’t like it, but I understand. Still – don’t you ever, ever, keep something like that from me again, do you hear me?”

I smiled. “Yes ma’am.” I closed my eyes, basking in the comfort of my mother’s arms for a few seconds before I thought about something. “So… you’re okay with maybe not having those grandkids?”

“Well, it’s not really up to me is it? We just have to accept things as they come, and adjust accordingly. Besides… if you and Justin are serious, I might just inherit myself a grandchild anyway.”

“Bri.”

She nodded, and a big grin spread across her face. “Amazing, isn’t it, how she came from Justin and Cat, but reminds me so much of you? All my years in this bookstore, and I haven’t seen an appetite for reading that matched hers since you used to raid my shelves.”

I laughed. “Yeah, it was a beautiful way to grow up. Surrounded by books.”

“And look at you now,” she said, cupping my face in her hands. “Helping bring those books into the world. I’m so proud of you, and the business you’ve built.”

“So proud of my business acumen that I get the glamorous job of stocking bookshelves when I drop by to see you?”

My mother grinned, then kissed my cheek before she let me go, to head back to the front. “Roots, sweetheart. Can’t let you forget them.”





I could very, very easily get used to this.

Toni’s attention was on the tomatoes she was chopping to top the salad we were having with dinner, but my attention was on the smooth expanse of velvety brown skin on display. She was in one of my old BSU tee shirts – and nothing else, I hoped – when she reached up to grab the peppermill from the cabinet. The effort pulled the shirt up, offering a peek of round ass cheeks, and I abandoned my place on the other side of the kitchen to approach her, wrapping my arms around her waist from behind.

“I’m still trying to figure out how I ignored how sexy you were for so many years,” I mumbled into the back of her neck, then reached down, slipping a hand between her thighs.

No panties. Jack pot.

“Stop it!” she smacked my hand off and moved away, turning to face me with a grin. “We already missed our dinner reservations because you couldn’t keep your hands to yourself. Now we need to eat. Food,” she added, when she noticed the grin that crept across my face.

Two weeks.

That’s all that had passed since we decided to try something new – each other. And it felt good as hell. So good, so natural, that it made me wonder if this was how it was always supposed to be, and we were simply getting back on track. Just like our dynamic as friends, we managed to land together perfectly. Neither of us was naïve enough to think it would always be that way – especially considering the way we started – but both of us were comfortable with a strong trend.

“I don’t want food,” I told her, putting a hand on her waist, keeping her in place. A shiver rushed through her as I ran the other hand up her body, gently caressing her breast before I rested my fingers at the base of her neck. I used my thumb to stroke along her chin. “I want you back in my bed.”

“I’m hungry. We need sustenance, Mr. Wright. You wouldn’t want me to pass out, would you?”

I chuckled, then bent to kiss her. “Not from hunger. We can eat first.”

“Thank you baby,” she purred – the kind of sexy shit that made it hard to stick to the concession I’d just made. “This is difficult for you, isn’t it?” she teased, wrapping her arms around my bare waist.

“You know it is. You just got back from Timbuktu, or wherever the hell. I’m trying to get caught up on those days we missed.”

“I was in Seattle, fool. For one day, meeting with Janelle.”

“Felt like a week.”

Toni giggled – which was easily becoming one of my top five favorite sounds – and moved her hands down to my ass. “Awww, you missed me, huh?”

“Hell yes, I missed you.”

There was no point in fronting about it, and the admission made her smile.

“Well,” she said, slipping her hands into the front of my boxers. “I guess I could help you out a little bit... since you missed me.”

I groaned as she wrapped her hand around me to pull me free, then dropped to her knees in front of me, and without preamble, took me in her mouth.

“Shit.” I gripped the edge of the counter as she looked up, meeting my eyes as she gave what felt like her best attempt to swallow me whole. “What do I have to say to get you to help me out a lot, instead of just a little?”

The vibration of her throat as she laughed made me close my eyes. I leaned my head back and gripped the counter a little tighter, trying to keep my hands there instead of fisted in her hair. One of her hands closed around my balls, gently massaging while she sucked, and I was convinced that this moment was perfection.

Until I heard, “In the kitchen?! Seriously?!”

I opened my eyes just in time to see Cat covering hers as she turned away. Toni coughed and sputtered as she pulled away from me, hurriedly getting back to her feet as I pulled my boxers back up.

“What the hell are you doing here??” I asked Cat, then turned to Toni before I got an answer. “Are you okay?” I inquired, taking in her shell-shocked expression as she tried – unsuccessfully- to pull her shirt down a little further.

“I’m fine,” she muttered, covering her face with her hands as she turned away.

“I’m sorry!” Cat called out, still facing away from us. “There aren’t any cars in the driveway, and I didn’t think anybody was home. Justin, you told me you had dinner plans when I came to pick Bri up earlier!”

I frowned. “That still doesn’t explain why you’re in my house unannounced! Where is Bri? Did she see anything??”

“Bri is at my house, with Jeff! I just left the gallery, and was swinging by to pick up some books she said she forgot in her room. I didn’t know I’d be interrupting… kitchen fellatio.”

“I’m going to go put some panties on,” Toni said, rushing past me to get out of the kitchen.

“I’m sorry Toni,” Cat yelled after her, and Toni grunted.

“Shit happens.”

We heard a door – presumably the one to my room – slam shut, and then Cat turned around. “Oh my God… I am mortified.”

“You aren’t the one who had a dick in your mouth. Imagine how Toni feels!”

“I know,” she whined, pressing a hand to her chest. “I just wanted to get my baby her books.”

I nodded. “I get that, but ring a doorbell or something next time.”

“The front lights were off, and I didn’t see your car.”

“It’s cold out there,” I explained. “I parked in the garage.”

“Oh. Well…” she crossed her arms, defiantly lifting her chin. “I’m not used to having to ring doorbells around here. I have a key to your place so I can come and go for what our daughter needs. You have a key to mine.”

“And I still knock first,” I said, shaking my head. “Cause I’m not trying to walk in on you and Jeff pretending to be Furries, or whatever the fuck y’all are into.”

She pushed out a sigh. “I get that. I’m just… accustomed to you not…”

“Being with anybody?” I supplied. “Yeah, it’s an adjustment, but this shit is awkward.”

“As hell,” Toni added as she reemerged from down the hall, ass covered in a pair of yoga pants.

“I’m sorry again,” Cat said, and Toni shrugged, giving her a little smile.

“It’s fine. I guess we need to be more discrete or something,” she said to me, touching my arm as she passed to go back to the tomatoes. “We keep getting caught like teenagers.”

I grinned. “Making up for lost time.”

“And, that’s my cue to leave you two lovebirds to… whatever you’re about to do. I’m going to grab those books, and be out.”

As soon as Cat was out of the kitchen, Toni and I shared a smile, but didn’t say anything. I took the chicken out of the oven, and Cat yelled goodbye as she quickly skirted past the kitchen with Bri’s books in her hand, like she thought we’d already be at it again.

“Well that wasn’t how I was expecting my night to go,” Toni laughed, as we heard the front door close behind Cat when she left. “That was beyond awkward.”

I chuckled. “I don’t think we’ll have to worry about it again. She’ll knock next time.”

Toni sucked her teeth. “I’m not talking about that. I’m talking about her being so nice to me. I really could have sworn she hated my guts.”

“Yeah, when she thought you were competition for me,” I said, taking plates down from the counter. “Now… I get the feeling she’s trying to mend that rift. She knows you’re going to be around. Knows what you mean to me, what you’re going to mean to Bri…”

Toni nodded. “It’s pretty admirable of her. And for what it’s worth… I don’t mind doing my part. Minimal drama would be incredible.”

“Agreed.” I took the bowl of salad from her hands and started to distribute it, pausing when I saw her staring at me with a sort of half-smile. “What’s up?”

She shook her head. “Nothing really… but… look at us. Discussing the beginning stages of including me in your co-parenting like it’s no big deal.”

“Cause it’s not a big deal. Everybody’s cool.”

“No, you’re right,” she said, turning to the cabinet for wine glasses for us. “It’s not. But it could have been. All of this could have just been… different.”

“And yet… here we are.”

She grinned. “Yeah. Here we are. Breaking about five million of our random ass rules.”

“Speak for yourself,” I teased, opening the drawer in front of me to grab forks. “As far as I’m concerned, we made the rules, so… we can do what we want.”

“That’s so not how rules work. You aren’t supposed to break them.”

I shrugged. “Fine. So… think of it as… bending.”

“Bending the rules is still breaking them.”

“Okay, so… Rule #15—”

“We already have a Rule #15,” she laughed.

I raised an eyebrow. “Really?”

“Yep. Don’t drive with your knees.”

My eyes went wide. “Ohhhh. Yeah, I got a big ass ticket for that.”

“And lost your license for six months.”

“That burrito was good as hell though.”

“That’s very true.”

“Okay then,” I said, crossing my arms after I’d put a fork on each of our plates. “Rule #226: All former rules are hereby dissolved. See. Problem solved. We start from scratch.”

At first, Toni’s face was pulled into a scowl, but then it slowly softened into a grin.

“Okay then. Agreed, we start from scratch. New dynamic, new rules. What’s the first one?”

“Head in the kitchen on Tuesday nights.” I chuckled as Toni aimed a playful swat in my direction, that I easily dodged. “What’s the problem?”

“That can’t be the first rule!”

“But it can be a rule?”

“Justin!”

“Okay,” I said, leaning back against the counter. “Number one rule. What should it be?”

“I want you to be the one to start.”

I nodded. “Uh… alright… Rule #1: Best Friends Forever. I’m taking it straight up tween movie on you, since you’re putting me on the spot.”

She laughed. “See, jokes on you, because I actually love that. Rule #2: Never Forget to Make Each Other Laugh.”

“Rule #3: Head in the Kitchen on Tuesday Nights.”

“You are such a damn fool,” Toni giggled, and I reached for her, pulling her into my arms.

“You love it though.”

She looked up at me, and nodded. “You’re right. I do.”

“And I love you. Rule #4 is that you’d better not ever forget that either.”

The smile she gave me made my whole chest feel tight, and she pushed herself up on her toes to kiss me. “I won’t. BFF’s honor. Now… let’s eat, so we can get back to where we were before that interruption. I was going to follow the hell out of our new Rule #3.”

I raised an eyebrow. “Not that I don’t want that… but today is Wednesday.”

She grinned. “Yep. But they’re our rules, remember? Nothing wrong with a little bending.”



- the end -





Two years later



“You may now kiss your bride.”

A cheer rang through the crowd as he leaned in to do just that, officially making me the only woman attached to a man in the Wright family who’d never been married to one of them.

Imara looked gorgeous in her perfectly tailored white pantsuit – closer to a traditional bride than any of us had ever imagined she’d get, after actually agreeing to a wedding. Secretly, I didn’t think she needed much convincing. Joseph Sr. really was a good man, and from the look on his face as they locked arms for the first time as man and wife, a happy one.

I wasn’t there when it happened, but apparently their reconciliation had happened the night Jason and Reese got engaged. Love was in the air, obviously, because according to Justin, that was the night it finally hit him that he loved me as more than a friend.

That night changed many lives.

Joseph Sr. and Imara got back together, and were married now.

Jason and Reese got engaged, and had been married more than a year.

Justin finally saw the light, and made the move to transition us into the relationship that we were now. Hell… I didn’t know it at the time, but I’d almost venture to call it the best night of my life.

As I made my way into the reception hall, I spotted Joseph Jr. and Devyn already seated at the family table. I took a seat beside her, looking over her shoulder to peek at baby Jaden.

“Look at that sweet little face,” I cooed, and he grinned back. “I can’t believe he’s already so big. Justin told me he learned a new word?”

Devyn shot a look at Joseph that would have left him writhing on the floor if looks could kill, then turned back to me, nostrils flared. “I’m so mad at this fool.”

Joseph snickered, but quickly wiped the grin off his face when Devyn turned to glare at him again. “Relax, Dev. I really didn’t think he’d actually say it.”

“You taught it to him!” she hissed. “And now he says it whenever he’s hungry!”

“Says what?” I asked, burning with curiosity about Jaden’s new word. Devyn just shook her head, silently fuming, but Joseph could barely contain his laughter. “Say what?” I asked again, turning to him.

Joseph glanced at Devyn, then eased out of her reach before a smile spread across his face again. “Werther’s.”

I frowned. “Huh? What is that? Do you mean like… the candy?”

“Yes,” Devyn growled, glaring at her husband of two years. They’d scooped everybody, wanting to get married before Jaden was born, but from the looks of things… Devyn might make herself a widow before they could have another two years down. “This man,” she said, gesturing at Joseph, “Has my sweet, innocent baby saying “wurfurs, wurfurs mama” whenever we wants to nurse.”

“Why would he…” I stopped for a second, working through it in my head. As soon as the answer came clear to me – that baby Jaden was referring to his mother’s nipples as Werther's candies – my eyes went wide, and Devyn nodded.

“Right,” she said, then shot another glare in her husband’s direction.

Joseph was too busy laughing to notice.

“Here,” I said, holding out my hands. “Why don’t I take the baby, and you two take the opportunity to have a moment to go dance?”

“I don’t want to dance with this fool!”

“Yes you do, Pussy Nurse,” Joseph said, plucking Jaden from Devyn’s hands to put him into mine. Without really giving her a chance to protest, he pulled her up from the chair, taking her out onto the dance floor with him.

Jaden grinned at me, and I grinned back, but we’d only been alone for a few moments when Justin came from nowhere, sliding into the seat beside me.

“Where have you been?” I asked him, using Jaden’s little hands to cover his eyes for peekaboo.

“Just taking care of some things. You’re looking really good over here with a baby in your arms. We may have to make something happen sooner than later.”

I chuckled, and shook my head. “Our adoption paperwork is already in. When they find the child that needs us, they’ll let us know.”

“WURFUR,” Jaden said suddenly, bellowing the word out as if he’d been trying to tell us for hours.

Justin frowned. “What the hell is a wurfur, nephew?” he asked, and I shook my head.

“That’s the new word you told me that Joseph was so tickled about.”

“That still doesn’t explain what it is.”

I grinned. “It means he’s hungry.”

Justin was still confused, but he stood up. “Alright. Well, let’s get him back to his Mama. I’ll take him,” he said, and I lifted Jaden up into his arms. “In the meantime, I have something I need you to look at.” He bent down, reaching under his chair for a white box I hadn’t noticed before, tied with a white bow.

“What is this?” I asked, my heart pounding hard as I accepted the box, not knowing what was inside yet.

He shrugged. “Just open it. I’ll be back.”

With that, he disappeared into the crowd with Jaden. I carefully untied the ribbon from the box, and pulled off the top. Frowning, I reached into the box for the old school iPod – my old iPod, from my parent’s attic – that was laying on top of another, smaller box. It had a sticky-note on the front that read “play me”, so I glanced around, then put the attached earbuds in my ears, and hit the button to start the music.

My heart leaped up into my throat when Jagged Edge’s Let’s Get Married started playing in my ears. I looked around again, searching the crowd for Justin, but didn’t see him. My hands were shaking when I turned back to the box, reaching for the smaller one inside.

It was another box inside of a box but this time I was almost 100% sure what I would find in the tiny black velvet box. I opened it to find a note folded on top, and picked it up, taking a second to marvel about the perfect, princess cut diamond ring. I pushed out a trembling breath, then unfolded the note.

“Rule #38: You can have your own bedroom if you want…under two conditions. One: never take this ring off. For the second... read the inscription.”

My hands were shaking so bad that I barely got the ring from the box without dropping it. I held it up, squinting to read the tiny words inside.

“Rule #1: Best Friends Forever.”

I broke into giggles, then looked up, looking for Justin again. This time, I saw a line of familiar faces – my parents, Aviva, Eric, Jason, a very pregnant Reese, Joseph, Devyn, Nikita, EJ, Rich, and all the kids... and Justin, right in the middle, all smiling at me.

Waiting.

“Are you asking me to be your wife,” I said, looking right at him as I pulled the earbuds from my ears. “Or your best friend?”

He split from the crowd to approach me, then dropped to one knee. He took the ring from me, and held it up. “That’s an impossible distinction, Tee. I need you to be both. Think you can handle it?”

The corners of my mouth curved into a smile as I held out my hand for him to put that ring on me.

“Absolutely.”





If you enjoyed this book (or even if you didn’t!) please consider leaving a review/rating on Amazon and/or Goodreads. Not only does it help others decide if they’d like to meet these characters, it’s how I know you’re out there, and I would love to know what you thought about the book!



You can also visit me at my website (you can email me there from the contact page), like my Facebook page, or connect with me on Twitter, at @BeingMrsJones.

Team CCJ – Love in Warm Hues

Want updates on new releases and giveaways? Join my mailing list!





Christina C. Jones is a modern romance novelist who has penned more than 25 books. She has earned a reputation as a storyteller who seamlessly weaves the complexities of modern life into captivating tales of black romance.

Prior to her work as a full-time writer, Christina successfully ran Visual Luxe, a digital creative design studio. Coupling a burning passion for writing and the drive to hone her craft, Christina made the transition to writing full-time in 2014.



Christina has attracted a community of enthusiastic readers across the globe who continue to read and share her sweet, sexy, and sometimes scandalous stories.

Most recently, two of Christina’s book series have been optioned for film and television projects and are currently in development.



Other titles by Christina Jones

Love and Other Things

Haunted (paranormal)

Mine Tonight (erotica)

Hints of Spice (Highlight Reel spinoff)

The Truth – His Side, Her Side, And the Truth About Falling In Love

Friends & Lovers:

Finding Forever

Chasing Commitment

Strictly Professional:

Strictly Professional

Unfinished Business

Serendipitous Love:

A Crazy Little Thing Called Love

Didn’t Mean To Love You

Fall In Love Again

The Way Love Goes

Love You Forever

Trouble:

The Trouble With Love

The Trouble With Us

The Right Kind Of Trouble

If You Can (Romantic Suspense):

Catch Me If You Can

Release Me If You Can

Save Me If You Can

Inevitable Love:

Inevitable Conclusions

Inevitable Seductions

The Wright Brothers:

Getting Schooled – Jason & Reese

Pulling Doubles – Joseph & Devyn

Bending The Rules – Justin & Toni

Connecticut Kings:

CK #1 Love in the Red Zone – Love Belvin

CK #2 Love on the Highlight Reel





