Coming After School



by Keisha Ervin





Copyright © 2006 by Urban Lifestyle Press

Published by Urban Lifestyle Press

P.O. Box 12714

Charlotte, NC 28220

www.ulppublishing.com



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without the written permission from the publisher or author, except for the inclusion of brief quotations in a review.

This is a work of fiction. It is not meant to depict, portray or represent any particular real persons. All the characters, incidents and dialogues are the products of the author’s imagination and are not to be constructed as real. Any resemblance to actual events or person living or dead is purely coincidental.

Editor

James Sims and K. Elliott

Ebook Conversion

G&S Typesetting & Ebook Conversion

info@gstypesetting.com





Part One



Opening her eyes, thankful for another day, Sharice Cummings arose ready for war. Knowing that it was going to take a mountain and a mole hill to get her kids up and ready for school, she headed down the flight of steps to the kitchen. Twisting open the window shade, she gazed out and welcomed another dreary day. Fed up and tired were not the words to describe the way she felt. It was almost five years since her divorce from her children’s father, Lester, and nothing in her life had changed.

Everyday the routine remained the same; wake up, cook, kids, work, cook, clean, kids, sleep. The order was always the same. Life for her ex, however, seemed to be getting better and better. After dedicating thirteen years of her life to him and their children, he up and left her for none other than her best friend, Tammy. Now, happily married, he and Tammy live in a $700,000 home; he has been promoted to partner at the law firm; and Tammy is pregnant with their first child.

Them hoes on Desperate Housewives ain’t got nothing on me. She smiled. With hopes of getting a minute or two of, more sleep she folded her arms across her chest and closed her eyes. Only the sound of coffee drips draining from the filter filled her mind. Instead of sleeping, she found herself counting each drop. Still groggy and yawning, she headed back upstairs with her cup of coffee. Inhaling deeply she stood in front of Mason’s door, her eighteen-year-old son and prepared for war.

“Mason, it’s 5:52, time to get up!” she yelled.

Placing her ear to the door, she listened for any sound of movement being made. Not hearing any, she rolled her eyes again and headed to the bathroom for her morning shower.

Towel-drying her hair on the way out of the shower, she checked the clock; it read 6:09. Grabbing her robe, she slid into it and tied it gently around her waist.

Staring at herself in the full-length mirror, she made a mental note to lose five pounds. Marching past Mason’s room, she yelled for him to get up once more. Beating on Mya’s door, her twelve-year-old daughter, Sharice called out for her to get up as well.

Waking Mya up was never a problem; it was her slowness and lolley-gagging that drove Sharice crazy. Twenty minutes passed and everyone in the house was up and running around. Standing in front of her walk-in closet, Mya couldn’t make up her mind on what she wanted to wear. Catching her as she walked by’ Sharice yelled, “Quit pussyfootin’ around, girl, and come on!”

“I ain’t got nothing to wear,” Mya yelled back.

“Mya all them clothes in that closet and you can’t find nothing to wear? Girl, you better quit playin’ wit me and come on!”

Checking her watch Sharice noticed that she had only fifteen minutes to get Mason to school. “Mason are you dressed yet?” she shouted as she walked past his room putting makeup on.

“Yeah, but I can’t get in the bathroom, ’cause yo’ slow-ass daughter is in there.”

“You better watch yo’ damn mouth, boy!”

“Hurry up, Mya!”

“Wait!” she laughed, taking her precious time.

“You ain’t gon’ look no better so hurry up,” Mason said while beating on the bathroom door.

Swinging the door open, Mya pushed him in the chest. Yanking her by the arm, Mason grabbed the back of her neck and put her in a headlock.

“Momma!” Mya yelled.

“Mason, quit playin’ and let your sister go!”

Easing his grip on her neck, Mason let her up, only to kick her in the butt.

“Punk,” Mya spat.

“Ho!”

“Momma, Mason called me a ho!”

“Mason, I’m gon’ beat yo’ ass if you say one mo’ cuss word in my house,” Sharice yelled while putting on her heels.

Another five minutes passed by and they still were no closer to being dressed and ready to leave. Besides getting the kids to school she had an eight-o’clock meeting with a couple looking to buy a home. Sharice was a realtor and a damn good one at that. She sold real estate to some of the richest people in the Show Me State.

Sharice loved her job. Everyday she got the chance to see how the other half lived. Sometimes she would catch herself gazing at the homes, wishing that one day, she would have one of her own. She told herself that one day she would be able to afford her dream house. Only being in the business for a year and a half, Sharice had already sold more than forty homes.

Besides her job, her kids filled up her life. To Sharice, her life was complete; she had no room for anything else. She would sometimes have drinks with the girls, but that didn’t happen too often. And a man, what about one? Sharice hadn’t been around one of those in years.

The betrayal, mixed with heartache that Lester had left behind, nearly killed her. After talking to a psychologist, her wounds healed, only to be reopened. Three years after her divorce and Sharice had finally gotten the courage to date again.

* * *



Her first time out in years, she lucked up and met a fine gentleman by the name of Nathan. He approached her with a slick-ass line and she fell for it, hook, line, and sinker.

He told her he was a journalist for one of the local news-papers, and that he had no children of his own. He told her he was engaged once but it was called off after he caught his fiancée in bed with his best friend. To Sharice, Nathan seemed to be heavensent. Not only had they suffered humiliation and heartache at the hands of a loved one, but she found him to be funny, smart, and sensitive. Sharice found him so appealing that after their third date they wound up at the Holiday Inn together. Sharice hadn’t had sex in years, and her body desperately needed to feel a man on top of her.

They weren’t even halfway in the door before she began to rip into his clothes. Picking Sharice up, Nathan palmed her ass and carried her over to the bed. Lying on top of her, he caressed Sharice’s body from her head down to her feet. Lifting her left leg up, he fondled her toes with his tongue. Laughing and moaning at the same time, Sharice smiled. Locking eyes with her, he circled his tongue around her baby toe and sucked.

Inhaling slowly, she bit down into her lower lip. Sharice could have sworn that she saw the stars, the sun, and the moon spinning above her. Swept up in the moment, he massaged her feet while trailing kisses down the inner part of her thighs. Reaching her knee he stopped. Lifting her up, Nathan unzipped the back of her dress. Standing back, she let him watch, as her dress hit the floor. Sharice wanted him to see that even though she was thirty-five, she still had it going on.

Admiring her honey-colored skin, he gently placed Sharice back onto the bed and turned her over. Pulling her lavender Victoria Secret panties down, he massaged her buttock. Slipping his tongue between her ass cheeks, he slid his tongue up the crease of her ass. Playing with her hole he licked until she bucked from pleasure.

Resuming his kissing game with her thighs allowed him to familiarize himself with the areas that hadn’t been awakened in years. Wanting him to taste her, Sharice spread her thighs as far as they could go. Getting the hint, Nathan placed her on all fours and lay underneath her opened legs. Holding her creamy thighs, he lifted his head up and sucked her pearl-shaped clit.

“Oooh…just like that,” Sharice panted, holding onto the sheets.

“You like that?”

“Yeah,” she squealed as he flicked his tongue across her clit faster.

“Oh Baby, make me cum,” she begged.

Scooting down some, he spread her labia even wider. Tasting her juices, he let them slide down his face. Teasingly Nathan inserted his tongue inside of Sharice, while lapping up her juices, drinking over and over again.

“You like the way I taste, Baby?” she asked.

“Sharice, Baby, you taste like caramel.”

“Oooh . . . Nathan, make me cum.”

The faster he licked the more she begged. Taking his fingers, he placed two inside of her, while still sucking on her clit. The combination caused Sharice to buck and moan. Every time she bucked he slapped her ass roughly.

“I can’t take it!”

“You can’t take it?” he asked.

“No . . . I’m gon’ cum but I don’t want to cum yet!”

Sliding from underneath, he quickly put on a condom and entered her.

“Oh Nathan, fuck me!”

Sharice couldn’t believe she had gone three years without having sex. As soon as Nathan entered her, her legs began to shake. Gripping her waist, he forcefully grinded his way around, until her walls loosened up. Juices began flowing out of Sharice that she didn’t even know she had. Massaging her clit, she played in her own wetness.

“Oooh Baby, fuck me! Fuck me, Daddy! Fuck me!” she called out.

“Damn, Baby,” Nathan said while slapping her ass with force.

“Don’t move, baby! You hitting my spot!”

“That’s it right there?” He stroked harder, making his balls slap against her ass.

“Yeah . . . right there! Ahh, yeah, Baby, keep it right there!”

Holding her waist, Nathan pumped until he felt himself about to explode. Pulling out, he snatched off the condom and jerked off into the crack of Sharice’s ass. Watching, as his love juices slid down the crease of her ass, he slapped it once more. Still playing with her clit, Sharice felt herself nearing an orgasm.

“Shit!” she yelled into the air as she came all over her hand.

With one of her ass cheeks in his hand, Nathan massaged his juices into her skin. Out of breath and still moaning, Sharice lay flat on the bed, trying to catch her breath.

Nathan continued to wine and dine her for months, until his goal of getting into her house was met.

At first she was a little weary about letting a man around her kids, but she was in love so she began letting him spend the night. It wasn’t even a good week and things in Sharice’s house started coming up missing. She first started noticing that her wallet would come up short a couple of dollars each day. Sharice tried telling herself that Nathan would not steal from her.

She even went as far as blaming Mason. But when her four-carat wedding ring came up missing, she knew that Nathan was the culprit. Picking up the phone, she dialed his cell but was met with a ‘M02 35, Welcome to AT&T Wireless Services. We’re sorry but your call cannot be completed as dialed. Please try your call again.’ Sharice felt like a complete fool. Never once had she been to his house, and she never bothered to ask which newspaper he worked for.

Defeated, she threw the phone across the room and cried. That one incident caused all men to be looked upon as dogs in her eyes. Sharice hasn’t trusted a man ever since.

* * *



Gathering her suitcase and laptop, she headed for the door with the kids in tow. As usual, they arrived at Mason’s school a minute before the final bell rang.

After dropping Mya off at the middle school, she headed to work.

The day seemed to drag on, and for the first time in almost two years, Sharice wasn’t successful in showing a house. Tired and disappointed she headed to Mason’s school for a parent-teacher conference. Going to his school was the last thing that she wanted to do. It wasn’t like her plate wasn’t full enough. Dinner still had to be prepared, clothes had to be dropped off at the cleaners, Mya had piano lessons, and, on top of that, Sharice had to go back up to the high school to pick Mason up from football practice.

Fortunately for Sharice, Mason’s teachers had wonderful things to say about him.

Back at home she whipped up a casserole and threw it in the oven. Running to each of the kids’ rooms, she picked out all of the clothes they would need pressed for the week.

The dry cleaners were unusually packed for a Monday afternoon, so Sharice was forced to take a number. Getting the number 46 out of the machine, she looked up and saw they were only on number 30.

Her usual five-minute stop at the cleaners ended up being twenty-five minutes. On the way back home she called to make sure that her ex-husband, Lester, had picked Mya up from school.

“Hello,” Tammy, her ex-best friend and now the new Mrs. Cummings, answered.

“Did Lester pick Mya up from school?” Sharice asked, annoyed that Tammy answered the phone.

“Hi to you too, Sharice. Yes, he picked her up from school.”

“Alright then, that’s all I wanted,” Sharice responded with an attitude.

“Sharice, it’s been five years, when are you going to get past this? I mean, we were best friends and I want you to be my son’s godmother.”

“Bitch, is you crazy? I will get past this when the both of you rot in hell! You were supposed to be my best friend, Tammy, and you slept with my husband! I can’t forgive you for that! Now you have the audacity to ask me to be your child’s godmother? You ain’t working wit a full deck, are you?”

“Look Sharice, I’m trying to be nice to you! It ain’t my fault that Lester left you for me!”

“Tammy, don’t make me come over there and kick yo’ narrow, pregnant behind! You should have tried telling me that my husband wasn’t happy instead of sleeping with him! That’s what you should have done! So don’t come telling me that you tried! You tried to get my man, that’s what you tried to do!”

“Whatever, Sharice, I’m tired of arguing with you about this. At least I tried. If you can’t forgive me then, oh well,” Tammy said while hanging up.

Slamming her flip phone shut, Sharice tried her hardest not to let her tear filled eyes cry. It was bad enough that she was still hurt over what Lester and Tammy had done, but to have Tammy throw their relationship in her face every time they spoke tore her up inside. Counting to ten, Sharice inhaled deeply and tried to calm herself down. Leaning over the seat to get her purse, she caught a reflection of herself in the rearview mirror.

The dark circles and bags under her eyes revealed a woman under stress. Nevertheless, Sharice was beautiful. Tan complexioned, slanted eyes, heart-shaped lips, shoulder-length, sandy-brown hair, and a size eight body defined her essence. Searching through her Coach bag, she grabbed her M.A.C. concealer and foundation and dabbed some around her eyes. Noticing a few stray hairs, Sharice tucked them behind her ear, while smoothing the rest up into a ponytail. Walking across the field, she watched as Mason made a pass to one of his teammates. Smiling to herself, she clapped and cheered him on.

“Go, Mason, go!” she shouted, jumping up and down.

“He’s one of my best players,” a voice said from behind.

Turning around to find the face that went with the voice, she found a young man, who looked to be in his twenties, standing behind her. Tall, with an athletic build, he towered over Sharice. The late afternoon sun seemed to shine down on his peanut butter complexioned skin. His round eyes, full lips, square chin, and low haircut demanded her attention. White shirt, baggy shorts, and Air Force Ones made up his outfit, and Sharice was turned on by just the sight of him.

“Your brother, Mason, he’s one of my star players,” he spoke again not sure if she had heard him the first time.

“I’m sorry, have we met before?” she asked while pieces of her hair flew into her face.

“I’m the new assistant coach, Coach Rainey, but you can call me Maliq,” he said, extending his hand.

“Nice to meet you, Coach Rainey; I’m Mason’s mother, Sharice,” she smiled shaking his hand.

“I’m sorry, Mason told me he had a younger sister, so I assumed you were her.”

“No, I’m his mother,” she smirked, rolling her eyes. Sharice knew he was trying to run game on her.

“If you don’t mind me saying, you are absolutely breath-taking.”

“Thank you, but I do mind,” Sharice checked him, trying to smooth down her hair once again.

“Forgive me. Are you married?”

“No, I’m not.”

“Then what’s the problem?”

“Boy, I’m old enough to be your mother,” she laughed.

Reaching out his hand, Maliq took a piece of hair that strayed and gently tucked it behind Sharice’s ear. Startled by the touch of his hand against her skin, she grabbed his hand. For a second, Sharice let herself feel what she’d denied for years—the touch of a man. Silently they stood, for the sexual attraction between the two was evident. Needing room to breathe, she took a step back.

“Haven’t you heard, age ain’t nothing but a number?”

“Yes, I have, but your age and my age don’t even come close to mixing.”

“You can’t be any older than thirty-three.”

“I’m thirty-seven,” she said, trying not to blush.

“Okay, I’m twenty-six; that’s not that big of an age difference.”

“It is for me.” Tired of the conversation, Sharice turned her back on him and called out for Mason. “It was nice meeting you, Coach Rainey,” Sharice replied as she walked back to her car.

“Nice meeting you, too,” Maliq said while eyeing her hips as they swayed from left to right. Watching as she and Mason got into the car, he told himself that he had to have her, no matter what.





Part Two



A couple of days passed and the weekend finally arrived. Mason was out on a date with his girlfriend, and Mya was at Lester’s for the weekend. Carl Thomas’s ‘Summer Rain’ filled the room, and Sharice lay in bed, legs spread wide open, with her vibrator in hand. Licking her lips she clicked it on and glided it in slowly. The friction between her thighs caused her back to arch as she moaned. Using her free hand she played with her nipples.

Twisting and pulling she stroked her breasts until her nipples were ripe and erect. Taking one in her mouth she licked and sucked. Gliding her wet tongue over her nipples she pretended as if her lips were Maliq’s. Loving the way her nipples tasted she sucked harder. Taking the vibrator out, she slid her fingers inside of her warm sugar walls. Stroking herself until her fingers were wet enough she took them out and began caressing her eager clit.

Placing the vibrator back in as far as it could go, she found her spot and moaned. Letting it sit there, Sharice continued toying with her clit, causing herself to be stimulated inside and out. Picturing Maliq’s face, she envisioned him opening up her pussy lips and licking her nice and slow. Slowing down the pace of her fingers, she rocked to the beat of a slow grind.

“Maliq, go slow,” she moaned. “Yeah, Baby, right there; keep it right there. Oooh that feels good. Yeah! Yeah!” Sharice screamed, feeling herself cumming. As her body began to spasm she imagined Maliq cumming with her. Calling out his name, Sharice begged for more.

“Oh yes, fuck me, Daddy! Yeah! Yes! Yes!” she screamed, bucking and shaking.

Pinching down on her nipples Sharice tossed and turned from sheer pleasure. Rubbing her breasts, she pushed back and forth as if he were inside of her. Sweating and panting, she lay there still playing in her wetness. Taking her fingers, she tasted her juices and agreed that she did taste like caramel.

Finally able to open her eyes, Sharice realized that she was alone, and that Maliq was nowhere to be found. Staring up at the popcorn ceiling, she wondered how much longer she would have to go on pleasuring herself. Touching herself had become a normal thing. On a good day, Sharice was able to masturbate at least twice. During a hectic week she could maybe slide in one finger session.

The kids never knew. Most of the time she got off in the shower, but on days like today, when the kids weren’t home, that’s when she would go all out. Setting the scene, Sharice would light candles, turn on a little music, and slip on something nice, all to please herself. To Sharice, a man couldn’t satisfy her body like she could. Since she spent so much time getting to know herself, she’d learned all of the spots on her body that turned her on.

Teaching a man all of her spots, and how to work them, would take forever in her mind. And besides, never in her life had she had an orgasm while having intercourse. The only way Sharice was able to cum was by stimulating her clit. During the divorce, Lester told her that that was one of the things that drove him away. He said that her satisfying herself during sex made him feel less of a man.

It wasn’t her fault that he wasn’t able to take her mind, body, and soul to a place of forbidden ecstasy. Nathan came close but he still wasn’t able to seal the deal. Sharice wanted a man that could take control. Someone that could teach her body things it never even knew it could feel. She wanted a man that would turn her out and have her screaming for mercy.

High from the orgasm, she jumped into the shower and pressed the shower head against her still-throbbing pussy. The pressure from the water massaging against her flesh drove her wild. Letting the feeling flow through her vaginal walls, she came once more. After lathering soap all over her wet, tight body, she dried off, dressed, and headed out for a day of window shopping.

With jeans that fit like a glove, Sharice sashayed through the mall like a woman of half her age. Unbeknownst to her, she garnered attention from the male species daily. If you let Sharice tell it, she never got hit on or looked at. Finding a table in a deserted part of the food court, she sat alone, licking on an ice cream cone while reading Chyna Black by Keisha Ervin. A couple of pages into the book, Sharice noticed someone standing in front of her. Looking up, she saw Coach Rainey.

“Good book?”

“Yeah, it was until you interrupted me,” she replied with a hint of sarcasm in her voice.

“My bad, you just looked so lonely over here all by yourself,” he said as he took a seat across from her.

“Please sit down,” she said, annoyed that he hadn’t asked.

“I just keep on fucking up, don’t I?”

“Watch your mouth!” she yelled like he was her child.

“Last time I checked, I was a grown ass man,” Maliq shot back, checking her.

“I’m sorry, you just remind me so much of my son,” Sharice teased.

“That’s cold,” he laughed.

“I’m just playing.” She laughed too.

“You look nice today,” he said while eyeing her frame.

“You just don’t give up, do you?”

“Not when it comes to something that I want.”

“Let me guess. You want me?”

“See, it wasn’t that hard to figure out after all.”

“Ha, ha, funny. Look, Maliq, you’re a nice man, but you are entirely too young for me. There are plenty of beautiful young women here; why don’t you try macking on one of them?”

“To me, you are the baddest chick up in here, and your age doesn’t bother me one bit.”

“Listen to the way you talk. We don’t have anything in com-mon. I’m old school; you’re new school. The two don’t coincide.”

“I may be younger than you, Sharice, but I’m a man that knows what he wants, and from the first time I laid eyes on you, I knew that I had to have you. You may not feel the same way now, but eventually, you’ll come around.”

“You are really sure of yourself, aren’t you? Sharice asked, turned on by his charm.

“It’s Saturday afternoon, the sun is out; why don’t you and I have dinner together?”

“But I already had dessert,” she said, pointing the cone towards him.

“I haven’t,” he replied while gazing between her thighs.

Feeling a warm sensation blow through her legs she crossed them tightly.

“What do you say?”

“Alright, I’ll have lunch with you and that’s it, nothing else.”

Smiling, Maliq took Sharice by the hand and helped her up. Not comfortable enough to ride with him, Sharice decided to take her car. Meeting each other in front of a restaurant called J Bucks, Sharice felt under dressed.

“I’m not sure about this, Maliq. I have on jeans and a tee shirt.”

“Ma, you look fine, quit trippin’.”

“Ma? Boy, I ain’t none of your damn momma. You better get it together,” Sharice yelled, insulted.

“Sharice, ma is a figure of speech, calm down. I’m sure you’ve heard Mason use the word before,” Maliq laughed.

“Oh, sorry,” she smiled, feeling foolish.

Maliq requested for them to be seated in the quietest area of the restaurant so they could talk. After being seated and ordering lunch, they enjoyed the presence of each other’s company. Sharice never would have guessed that she and Maliq would have so much in common. Besides football, he loved reading, exercising, and quiet evenings at home. Lunch had already been served and the two had eaten, but they still were not ready to leave.

“Hey, they have a dance room across the hall; you want to go?” Maliq asked.

“I haven’t danced in years.”

“Come on, it’ll be fun.”

“Alright,” Sharice answered hesitantly.

Leading her across the room, holding her hand, Maliq quickly whisked Sharice onto the dance floor. Turning her around so that her butt could rest against his dick, he grasped her waist firmly and led her hips to the groove of John Legend’s ‘She Don’t Have to Know’. Feeling shy and uncomfortable, Sharice swayed from left to right with caution. Knowing that her mind was taking control of her, Maliq took control of the situation by raising her arms into the air and caressing her from her hands all the way down to her waist.

Wanting to kiss her, he gently soothed the back of her neck with his tongue. Intertwining her fingers with his, they held a slow grind until Faith Evan’s ‘Love like This’ bumped through the loud speakers. With a surge of confidence Sharice got her groove back and bopped along with Maliq and the rest of crowd. Liking her newfound confidence, as she let herself be free. Swinging her hips from side to side while pumping her fist into the air, Sharice got into the groove of things.

Slowing it down a little bit the DJ played Bobby Valentino’s ‘Slow Down’. Thinking that she was the shit, Sharice boldly approached Maliq and placed her arms around his neck. Licking her lips she shamelessly grinded against him, causing him to get a hard on. Knowing the effect she had on him, Sharice worked her hips against him even harder. Not able to take anymore, Maliq grabbed her hand, and led her to a vacant corner of the room.

“Let’s go back to my crib,” he said as he kissed her ear.

“Come on, let’s go get a cup of coffee.” She laughed as she left him standing there. After going to the bathroom to freshen up, Sharice met back up with Maliq at a quaint table by the window.

“I know this is getting off the subject, but you have a beautiful smile, Sharice.”

“Thank you, Maliq; that was nice.” She smiled, feeling her cheeks burn bright red.

“I see you blush very easily.”

“No, I don’t,” she lied, trying not to blush again, but failing.

“See, I told you so,” Maliq grinned.

“Whatever,” Sharice grinned too.

“So what now? I mean, the night is still young; how about we go for a walk or something?”

“Maliq, we talked about this. I agreed to lunch and that was it. I’m sorry but that is all I can offer you.”

“I understand,” Coach Rainey said trying to believe his own lie. Every time he stared at Sharice, his dick did a dance. Checking her watch, Sharice saw that it was getting a little late. Mason would be home soon from his date with Candice, and Sharice wanted to beat him home.

“This was nice, Coach, but I have to be getting home now.”

“What happened to you calling me Maliq?”

“Hey, we do have to remain professional, don’t we? I can’t be calling you Maliq around the kids now, can I?”

“How about you call me Coach at school, and when we’re alone call me Big Daddy,” Maliq whispered, now standing in front of her.

Looking into his eyes, Sharice had the unavoidable desire to haul off and kiss the hell out of Maliq but didn’t.

“Um . . . thanks for dinner, Maliq, but . . . I have to go,” she replied licking her lips.

“Let me walk you to your car.”

Once outside of J Bucks, they stood talking.

* * *



On the other side of town, Mason and Candice fooled around on the couch.

“Put it in, Mason,” Candice begged.

“I don’t know, my moms might be home any minute,” he said while squeezing the tip of his dick.

“Come on, Baby, please.”

“First give me some head.”

“Okay but don’t cum in my mouth like you did the last time.”

Unzipping his pants, Candice slid his boxers down just below his knees. Taking all of him in her mouth, she bobbed her head up and down. Leaning his head back on the couch, Mason enjoyed the warm sensation coming from Candice’s mouth. Sucking on the head of his dick, she flicked her tongue across the tip. Staring down at her he grabbed her head and drove himself deep inside until his dick reached the back of her throat. Guiding her head with his hand, Mason listened to the sound of Candice’s mouth making slurping noises.

Juggling his balls in her right hand, she massaged his dick while still sucking on the head. Not able to deny her small supple breasts anymore, Mason lifted her up and placed her gently onto his mammoth dick. Licking his lips as Candice bounced up and down on his dick, Mason grabbed a handful of ass to lift her up even higher.

“Oh Mason! Mason!” she yelled, enjoying each stroke.

“Damn, Ma, you about to make a nigga bust,” Mason groaned, ramming himself even deeper. Turning around on his dick, Candice leaned over so that he could get a good view of her round, plump ass. Playing with her asshole, he inserted a finger inside.

“Oh Baby! Play with my ass! Oh Mason!”

“I’m about to bust baby!” he yelled back.

“Ahh, go deeper! Ahh yeah, go deeper!”

Gripping her waist tightly, Mason watched as cum juices poured down her thighs. Thrusting harder, he hurried his orgasm in hopes of not getting caught by his mom. The harder he pumped, the more excited he became, and the more excited he became, the more he neared cumming. Slowing down some, he stroked her until cum came flowing down from her valley. Cumming too, Mason’s juices trickled down Candice’s thighs, causing a clapping sound every time she eased down on his dick. Hearing a key entering the keyhole, Mason jumped up but not fast enough.

“May—” Sharice began to yell but was stopped by the sight in front of her eyes.

“Momma, it’s not what you think,” Mason tried to explain.

“Mason, what in the hell is going on here!?”

“Mrs. Cummings, I am so sorry,” Candice apologized.

“Candice, save your apology ’cause I don’t want to hear it! What you need to do is get your clothes on and get the hell out of my house!”

“Yes, ma’am,” Candice sobbed as she walked past her with her hands covering her breasts.

Slapping Mason upside his head, Sharice screamed, “What in the hell were you thinking, Mason!”

“Ma, we was just fooling around! It was nothing, don’t trip!”

“It sure doesn’t look like nothing! Standing there wit yo’ little-ass dick out! You’re naked, Mason, with cum dripping down yo’ leg! Does that seem like nothing to you?”

Holding his dick in his hand, he whispered, “Nah.”

“I can’t believe that you would disrespect my house like this!”

“I’m sorry.”

“Sorry my ass, Mason! I can’t trust you anymore after you pull a stunt like this! Wait until your father hears about this!”

“What you running and telling him for?” Mason yelled.

“Because he’s your father, Mason, and I think he should know how his son disrespected my house, that’s why!”

“What you think you telling him gon’ do? I’ma grown-ass man; there ain’t shit he can do to me!” Fuck him! He don’t give a shit about you or me! ’Cause if he did he wouldn’t have left you for Tammy! You just want to have an excuse to talk to him! Face it, he doesn’t want you anymore, Ma!”

Slap!!!

“Don’t you ever in your life talk to me like that again? Do you hear me?”

“Mason, I’m getting ready to go. I’ll talk to you later,” Candice said easing out of the door.

“Do you hear me Mason Alexzander?!”

“Yeah!” he yelled back as he left the room.

With tears forming in her eyes, Sharice picked her keys up off the floor and headed back to her car. Sitting in the car she placed her head on the steering wheel and had herself a good cry.





Part Three



About thirty minutes passed by and Sharice still sat with her arms folded underneath her tear-stained face. Lifting her head up, she wiped her eyes, and tried not to take Mason’s words to heart. But that seemed to be very hard to do since everything he said was true. A part of Sharice still longed for Lester’s affection. She wanted to believe that maybe deep down inside he did in fact still love her.

Sharice tried to fool herself into believing that the relation-ship between him and Tammy was just temporary and that he would be back. She had been lying to herself for the past five years, telling herself that dating was useless. But in fact, all she really wanted was to be back in Lester’s arms. Looking at herself in the rearview mirror, Sharice realized how foolish she looked. Not wanting to see her own reflection anymore, she rummaged through her purse in search of a number.

Ring . . . Ring . . . Ring . . .

“Hello?”

“Maliq,” Sharice whispered, barely getting out through the tears.

“Sharice is that you?”

“Yeah. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have called.”

“Nah, it’s not a problem. I’m just shocked to hear your voice’ that’s all. What’s up? You sound like something is wrong?”

“I don’t want to talk. I just want to see you. Is that okay?”

“Yeah, you want to meet up somewhere?”

“No. Your house is fine,” she replied as she fixed her makeup and hair.

After getting directions, Sharice jumped on the highway and was parked in front of Maliq’s house in less than ten minutes. Knocking on his door, she waited patiently, feeling a little nervous. Smoothing her hair back once more she heard the sound of his footsteps nearing the door.

“Come on in,” Maliq said as he opened the door in a wife beater and jogging pants.

“You have a nice house,” Sharice said as she surveyed his living room.

“Thank you.”

“The color concept that you put together is really nice,” she replied nervously.

“Sharice, I know you didn’t come over here to discuss the décor in my home.”

“You’re right.”

“Well then, what’s up?”

“To be honest with you, I don’t know why I came over here.”

“Damn, that’s cold,” he grinned.

“I don’t mean it like that. It’s just that I know that I shouldn’t be here.”

“But you want to be here, don’t you?” Maliq said, now in her personal space.

“Yes,” Sharice whispered, while gazing up into his eyes.

“I want you, Sharice,” Maliq kissed her neck.

“I want you too,” Sharice responded, wrapping her arms around his neck.

Taking her into his arms, Maliq guided her body over to the wall behind them. Still pleasing her neck with his lips, he interlaced his fingers with hers and placed them against the wall.

“Don’t move your hands,” he instructed.

Lightly gliding his tongue down over her chest, he lifted her shirt over her head. Unclasping her bra, he let it slide off and threw it across the room. Feverishly tonguing her nipples, Maliq kissed them as if they were her mouth. Biting down on her bottom lip, Sharice closed her eyes tight. Letting her inhibitions go, she held on for the ride.

Sucking her nipples until they were nice and long he flicked his tongue across them while massaging her curvy waist. Trailing kisses from her breasts on down he let his tongue play with her navel. Wanting to taste her, Maliq unzipped her jeans and slid them down her voluptuous thighs. Pushing her thong to the side, he placed each of her legs on his shoulders and began to assault her pussy with his tongue.

“Oh Maliq,” Sharice called out while cumming.

Tasting her warm tender flesh, he enjoyed the sweet nectar that lay in between her thighs. Fully aroused, she began to let her hands roam across her body. Stroking her breasts, she pinched and pulled as if she were alone. Looking up Maliq became even more aroused when he saw Sharice toying with her nipples. Wanting to drive her even crazier, he sucked on her clit until her legs began to vibrate. Grinding her pussy against his face, Sharice licked her fingers and placed them on her clit. Noticing what she was about to do, Maliq grabbed her hand.

“Uh-unh, Baby, ain’t no need for that. I got you,” he said.

Removing her legs from around his neck, he turned her around toward the wall. Spreading her ass cheeks apart, Maliq slid his tongue slowly up the crack of her ass. Loving having this done, she came again all over his mouth. Ready to feel her, Maliq stood up and undid his pants. Holding his dick in his hand, he slid it up her now moist ass as she began to shiver.

“Put it in! Baby, please,” Sharice panted.

Placing the tip in, Maliq watched as her back arched. Taking it back out he watched how it went back down. Putting the head of his dick back in, Maliq watched as Sharice bit into her lip. Pulling it out once more he noticed how her face showed disappointment.

“Quit teasing me, Baby, and fuck me!” she whined as she pushed her butt up against his dick.

Carefully guiding his way in, Maliq felt how tight she was. Fucking her untamed pussy his hands invaded her pulsating clit. Enjoying her wetness, Maliq let his dick slip out. Turning around Sharice got down on her knees and took him into her wanting mouth. Not really wanting her to do that he lay on the floor. Sitting astride his long, hard, stiff dick, Sharice’s insatiable appetite for dick escalated.

Using her well-toned calf muscles, she placed her feet on the floor and worked his dick like she was riding in the Kentucky Derby. Feeling like he was about to cum, Maliq picked Sharice up and placed her on the couch.

“What’s wrong?” she asked, panting heavily.

“Play wit yourself.”

Smiling, Sharice gladly glided her hand down and circulated her fingers around her now blossomed pussy lips.

Making sure he had a good view, Maliq sat on the opposite end of the couch and watched as she stroked herself. Connecting eyes with him, Sharice licked her finger and inserted them inside her treasure chest of pleasure. Seducing her pussy with her fingers, she watched as Maliq glided his hand up and down his rock-hard dick.

“That’s it, Baby, play wit it,” Maliq groaned.

“You like that, Baby?” she asked.

“Yeah, Baby suck yo’ fingers for me.”

Sliding her glazed fingers out, Sharice took them into her mouth and sucked.

“What it taste like?” he asked.

“It taste like caramel kisses,” she smiled.

“I want to see you cum. Cum for me, Baby.”

Spreading her lips apart, she stroked her clit and rotated her hips. Imagining that Maliq was tearing her shit up, she let her mind drift away and her desires seep through. Cupping her pussy with both hands she felt herself nearing another orgasm.

“Ahh yeah!” Sharice screamed.

Watching as cum poured from her vaginal walls, Maliq took his lips and caught every drop in his mouth. Lapping it up, his tongue played with her pussy, causing more electrical sparks to go off inside of her. Holding the back of her thighs, Maliq pushed them up by her head and sucked on her juicy clit. Feeling another jolt of orgasmic pleasure rip through her body, Sharice called out for God.

“Oh my God! Oh yeah! Eat it , Baby! Yeah! Like that! Just like that!”

Never in her life had Sharice cum so much. Maliq was everything that she longed for. Cumming again, Maliq buried his face deep inside her pussy so that he could taste every last drop of her juices. Taking his face into her hand, she guided him back up to her mouth.

Kissing him, Sharice licked her juices off of his face.

Squeezing the head of his dick, Maliq pushed his way back in. Fucking her slowly, his grinding increased, causing them to fall onto the floor. Laughing, they continued on as if nothing had happened.

“Damn, Ma, I can’t get enough of you,” Maliq moaned.

“Don’t ever stop fucking me,” she said, licking his neck.

Pumping like he was trying to break her back, Maliq lifted both of her legs into the air, holding on to her feet.

“Oh my God, Boy what are you doing to me?” Sharice asked, delirious.

“I’m fucking you like you ain’t never been fucked before.” Slapping thighs, Sharice’s head bounced off the floor as she tried to find something to hold onto. With nothing in sight, she did the only thing she could do, play with her tits.

“Fuck, I’m about to cum!” Maliq yelled scrunching up his face.

“Cum inside of me,” Sharice moaned.

Normally Maliq would have been concerned, but that night he didn’t give a fuck. If he could have, he would have slept inside of her pussy.

“Don’t move!” he yelled.

“Cum inside of me, Baby! Cum inside… Oh! Oh baby!”

“Goddamn! Yo’ pussy feel good!” Maliq shouted, ready to bust.

Pushing him back’ Sharice hungrily took him in her mouth letting his creamy cum explode all over her face. Licking all over his dick, she made sure that no trace of cum was left. Using her right hand, she rubbed up and down his shaft while sucking on the head of his dick.

Gripping the back of her head, Maliq tilted his head to the side, enjoying the sensation.

Sharice spit-coated his rock hard dick as she French kissed every pulsating inch. Wanting him to cum again in her mouth, she played with his balls. The combination of his dick in her mouth and his balls in her hand drove Maliq crazy.

Picking Sharice up off the floor, he prepared her for some more rough sex. Sliding her down onto his dick, he slapped her ass and told her to go. Taking her cue, Sharice bopped on his dick like it was a joystick. Making her butt cheeks jiggle, he grabbed her tiny waist and drove himself into the depths of her pussy.

“You gon’ cum again,” he grunted.

“Yes, Daddy!”

“I want you to cum all over me!”

“Ooh, I wanna cum! I wanna cum all over you!” she whined as she grinded anxiously.

Taking one of her breasts in his mouth, Maliq probed her nipples with his wet, slippery tongue. Sharice’s pussy was throbbing for another orgasm.

Dropping it down on him, she made sure that his dick hit her spot. With every stroke that she gave, Maliq stroked back even harder.

“You cumming?” he asked.

“No, not yet,” she panted.

“Oh, I see you wanna play games,” he grinned deviously.

Flipping her over, Maliq entered her from the back. Fucking her hard and fast, he gripped one side of her ass so that he could hit another corner of her wall. Leaning down on her elbows, Sharice put a little arch in her back so that she could take in all of Maliq.

“Ahh baby just like that!”

“Damn, Baby, I love fucking you!”

“Maliq, I feel it! I’m about to cum!” she yelled with quivering lips.

“I’m about to bust too!”

“Cum on my back baby!”

“I wanna cum inside!” he pumped slow and hard.

Feeling himself become weak, Maliq let out a loud, thunderous moan. Cumming too, Sharice closed her eyes and screamed. Juices not only went inside of Sharice, it went down her butt, on the couch and on Maliq. Weak and limp, he slumped over Sharice, still grinding slow. Neither could move so they just lay there in their juices for almost an hour.





Part Four



Two weeks passed by, and Sharice had been avoiding Maliq like he was the plague. Whenever Mason had practice she would let him drive the car just so she wouldn’t run into Maliq. Mason found this odd, but he didn’t care as long he had the car a couple of times a week. Maliq called every day but Sharice never would answer.

He couldn’t figure out what the problem was. They had had mind-blowing, kinky, animalistic sex and still he couldn’t get her to change her mind about him.

Rubbing her thighs she tried to ease some of the pain that Maliq had caused weeks before. She hadn’t been sore like that since high school. Hearing her cell phone ring ,she picked it up.

314-555-7252 showed on the screen; it was Maliq. She didn’t know what to do. A part of her wanted desperately to give him a chance. But logical thinking always kicked in, and then she would dismiss the whole idea. Letting the phone ring until her voicemail kicked in, she waited a minute before checking it. Putting her code in Sharice listened as Maliq poured his heart out over the phone.

Yo’, Ma, I miss you. I don’t know why you won’t answer or return my calls. I wish you would just give me a chance, Sharice. All I want to do is make you happy. If you don’t want that, then I’ll understand. But I can’t keep on going back and forth wit you. For me to be the younger one, it seems to me like you’re the one playing games. This is my last time calling you, so you can quit avoiding me cause it ain’t even like that no more.

Sitting Indian style on the floor, she listened to the message five more times. Maliq was right, she was the one playing games. Looking at her calendar on the wall, she saw that Mason had practice the following day. Tomorrow she would leave all of her insecurities and doubts at the door and give her heart to Maliq.

Pulling up to the field, Sharice inhaled deeply and got out. It was kind of windy and chilly out that afternoon, so she wrapped her arms snugly under her breasts to shield herself from the wind. Finding Maliq standing alone, deep in thought, her heart began to flutter. Tapping him on the shoulder she waited to get his attention. Giving him a half smile, Sharice waited to see his reaction to seeing her again.

“What’s up?” he asked with attitude.

“I got your message last night,” she spoke softly.

“So, you have been avoiding me?”

“No.” Giving her a look that said you’re lying, she told the truth. “I mean, yes.”

“I don’t see what for. I told you I’m done. I ain’t got time for all the games.”

“That’s just it; I’m not playing games. I’m just afraid, Maliq.”

“Afraid of what? I told you that I wasn’t gonna hurt you.”

“I know that. It’s just that I’ve been through a lot, and I’m not trying to get hurt again.”

“I understand that, Sharice. I’m not like none of them other niggaz you done fucked wit.”

Smiling, she laughed at the way he talked. Loving to see her smile, Maliq wrapped his arms around her and hugged her tight. Hugging him, Sharice knew that with him is where she wanted to be. Pulling her behind the outdoors restroom, Maliq passionately kissed her.

“I want to taste you right now,” Maliq moaned.

“I want you to, too, but we can’t,” Sharice grinned.

Flicking his finger across her hard nipples, he made her moan.

“Come on, just a little taste.” Not giving her enough time to answer, Maliq pushed her thong to the side and lightly licked her clit.

“Ooh, Baby, don’t make me cum,” Sharice moaned again.

“Come by and see me tonight,” Maliq smiled, easing his way back up, now licking her neck.

“Okay,” she whispered, barely able to breath.

Just as Maliq was about to lift up Sharice’s skirt again, Mason appeared, startling them both.

“What the fuck you doing rubbing on my momma, nigga?” Mason yelled.

“Mason, watch your damn mouth!” Sharice yelled back.

“Nah, fuck that! What the fuck you doing wit this nigga, Ma? This is my coach!”

“I know, Baby, but Maliq and I care for each other.”

“Yeah, man, me and your mom really like each other. I care for her a lot and would never do anything to hurt her,” Maliq explained.

“Man, fuck what you talkin’ about!” Mason said, getting up in Maliq’s face.

“Don’t even try it!” Sharice shouted.

“Yo’ Mason, what’s the deal? We can hear y’all all the way on the field,” a teammate said.

“Fuck this, man, I’m out of here,” Mason said, pushing past Maliq.

“I am so sorry Maliq,” Sharice apologized.

“It’s cool. He’s just shocked. He’ll be a’ight.” He smiled, trying to reassure her.

“I hope so,” Sharice said, still worried.

Four hours later Mason still was still M.I.A., and Sharice paced the floor awaiting his return.

“What’s wrong, Ma?” Mya asked.

“Nothing. I just need to talk to your brother, that’s all.”

“He’s probably over Candice’s freaky butt house.” Mya laughed. Laughing too for a second, she stopped once she heard Mason walking through the door.

“Where have you been? Mommy’s been worried,” Mya yelled at Mason.

“Shut up talking to me, lil’ girl,” Mason yelled back, not in the mood.

“I don’t appreciate how you acted earlier, Mason. I raised you better than that,” Sharice said.

“And I don’t appreciate seeing my thirty-seven-year-old mother kissing my twenty-something-year-old coach,” Mason yelled.

“Momma, you was kissing Coach Rainey?” Mya questioned.

“Yes, I was! I think the two of you forget that I am grown! There is more to my life than taking care of the two of you!”

“You go, Momma. Coach Rainey is fine. All the girls like him,” Mya said.

“Thank you, Mya,” Sharice smiled.

“She young; she don’t know no better. How you think that’s gon’ make me look when everybody finds out that my momma is dating somebody half her age!” Mason continued to shout.

“It’s not about you, Mason! This is about my happiness! Your father gets to do whatever he wants to do and I don’t hear you two complaining about that! Finally, for the first time in years, I have found some kind of joy and you want to ruin it with your selfishness!”

“Of all the niggaz in the world, why it gotta be Coach Rainey!” Mason asked.

“Call him another nigga if you want to! Now I’m sick of this! You get to have football and Candice’s ol’ trifling ass. Your father gets to have money, the house, cars, and Tammy. And what do I get? A nine-to-five job, a mortgage, car payments, bills, and a spoiled, selfish son!”

“I don’t want you seeing that nigga, Ma!”

“It’s not up to you, Mason! Who I date is my business, not yours! I make my own decisions!”

“Just like you made the decision to date Nathan!” he shot back.

Before she knew it, Sharice had swung and hit Mason in the face twice. A knot was already beginning to form on his forehead.

Holding his head, he looked at his mother and cried.

“I’m sorry, Mason, I didn’t mean to do it,” she said ashamed of her actions.

“It’s cool, gon’ ahead and be wit that nigga! But when he hurt you, don’t come running to me ’cause I ain’t got nothing for you,” Mason said as he turned to go upstairs to his room.

Crying too, Sharice slumped down on the couch and let the tears flow.

“It’s okay, Mommy, I’m happy for you,” Mya said while holding her mother.

“Thank you, Mya.”

“If I was you, I would’ve hit him again.” Mya laughed.

“I know you would have, Mya.” Sharice laughed too.

Later that night, after hours of contemplation, Sharice made the call that her heart dreaded making. Slowly dialing the seven digits, she lifted the phone up to her ear and listed for the rings.

“Hello?” Maliq said, half sleep.

“Hi,” Sharice said, clearing her voice.

“Hey, beautiful, how are you?”

“I’m okay, but…”

“But what,” he asked, hearing the hesitation in her voice.

“I need to talk to you.”

“About what?”

“Us,” she whispered while tears formed in her eyes.

“What about us, Sharice?”

“I’ve been thinking that maybe seeing each other isn’t a good idea after all.”

“Is this because of what happened today between you and Mason?”

“Yes and no. I mean, he’s really hurt by this and I have already hurt him once before. I will not do that to my son again.”

“So you’re just going to let your kids run your life?” Maliq asked, upset.

“Mason is not running my life. I run my life,” she said, not believing her own words.

“Yeah, a’ight, whatever, Sharice. When you grow up come holla at me,” Maliq said, hanging up in her ear.

Still holding the phone to her ear, she listened to the dial tone, shocked and hurt. After a while, she hung up the phone and curled up into a ball, crying herself to sleep.

The next couple of days seemed to go by like a cloud of smoke. Sharice went to work, did stuff for the kids, cooked, cleaned, and cried.

Her heart hadn’t hurt so bad since Lester had left her for Tammy. Often at night she would toy with the idea of calling Maliq but would always punk-out. The night they had spent together replayed over and over again in her mind. Every single detail of their encounter was remembered accurately. From the feel of his tongue, to the way he looked in her eyes.

Maliq brought out things in Sharice that she didn’t even know existed. She prayed for years that she would meet someone who could satisfy her every sexual desire. She never knew what good dick felt like until meeting Maliq. Another month was approaching and she had not spoken to Maliq in weeks.

He hadn’t tried calling her, seeing her, or anything. Sharice figured that he might have moved on. Mason was happier than ever. He had gotten his way once again. The more she looked at him the more she resented her decision. The more time passed by, the more she wanted to live for herself.

On the weekends, when Mya was home, the two would go shopping and get manicures and pedicures. Mya even gotten her mother to dress hipper. Even though she enjoyed her time with her daughter, Sharice’s heart still ached for Maliq.

Sometimes at night she would ride past his house to see if he was there. She held her breath each time, hoping that another car wasn’t in the driveway. Her heart couldn’t take it if she found out that he was seeing another woman so soon. One day while they were out, Mya gave her mother some advice.

“Momma, I know you miss Coach Rainey.”

“How you figure that,” Sharice questioned back.

“It’s written all over you. I can look in your eyes and tell.”

“I do miss him a lot, but I don’t think he misses me as much,” Sharice explained.

“Momma, just because he ain’t called you don’t mean that he don’t miss you. You told him to step, didn’t you?”

“Yeah.”

“Well then. Men don’t take rejection well, Momma. If you want Coach Rainey back, you are going to have to go out and get him,” Mya said knowingly.

“But what about your brother?”

“What about him? You got to do you, Ma.”

“Girl, you are too grown for your own good.” Sharice laughed.

“I know I am but I’m right. Watching Oprah has taught me a lot.” Mya grinned.

“What am I gonna do wit you?” Sharice smiled, hugging her daughter.

The next day after picking Mason up from practice, Sharice made her way over to Maliq’s house. When he opened the door, he was surprised to find Sharice standing there in a tight pink Baby Phat shirt and jeans.

“I know that I should’ve called first, but I didn’t have my phone on me,” she lied.

“It’s a’ight,” he said, playing it cool.

“Can I come in?” she asked.

Holding the door open for her, he didn’t answer. Without a word, Sharice grabbed Maliq’s face and kissed his lips. Missing her just as much as she missed him, he kissed her back with intensity. Tearing into each other’s clothes, Maliq quickly inserted himself deep into her warm pussy.

“Damn, you feel good.”

“You too.”

“Ooh, I missed you,” Maliq moaned.

“I missed you too baby,” she said while kissing his soft lips.

“You feel just as good as last time,” he panted, pumping in and out of her feverishly.

“Ooh Maliq, fuck me!”

“Like that?” Maliq asked giving her the death stroke.

“Ooh yes, just like that!”

“I can’t live without you, Ma.”

“I can’t live without you, Pa,” she smiled.

Smiling too, he fucked her even harder. Biting down on her nipples, he licked and sucked until they burned a deep red. Every time Maliq stroked he drowned in the wetness of her pussy.

“Damn you wet! You must’ve really missed me!”

“I missed you so much, Daddy! Ahh! Fuck this pussy, Baby!”

“I’m getting ready to cum!” Maliq grunted.

“Me too, Baby! I love you!”

“Promise me you’ll give us a chance,” he said.

“I promise,” Sharice yelled as cum dripped down from her caramel coated walls.





OTHER K. ELLIOTT

AND

URBAN LIFESTYLE PRESS

books available on

Kindle/Nook/Ipad/Kobo

between .99 to 2.99

Entangled

Street Fame

Dear Summer

Dilemma

Fetish

Fantasy

Godsend: A Necessary Evil

Godsend: The Search for Rochelle

Godsend: Pissed All the Way Off

Godsend: Hiding in Plain Sight

The Watcher by Brenda Thomas

What She Wanted by Storm

Catch 22 by Lajill Hunt

Tempted by Jamise Dames

Cater to You by Danielle Santiago

Head Hunter by Anna J

www.21blackstreet.com

www.amazon.com

Apple iBookstore





