		 			Will a blackout change everything

for these unlikely lovers?

			She fell into his arms.

Now she’s falling for his trap.

			It was a night filled with secrets, lies...and soul-stealing passion. And now the blackout that turned lowly executive assistant Nadia Jordan and start-up billionaire Grayson Chandler into insatiable lovers leads to a proposal Nadia can’t refuse. As she steps into Grayson’s privileged Chicago world, will his matchmaking mother and vengeful ex destroy her dreams? Or will her fake fiancé make those dreams a reality?

			USA TODAY BESTSELLING AUTHOR Naima Simone





		 			Grayson stared into the dark. “Do we know each other?”

			“No,” Nadia whispered. “We don’t know each other. If not for this blackout, our paths wouldn’t have crossed. And when the power is restored, we’ll become strangers again. Getting to know each other just seems like something to do to pass the time, not because we truly want to know each other. It’s not...honest.”

			Her explanation echoed throughout his body, vibrating through skin and bone. Honest. What did he know about that? Not much in the world he maneuvered in. He wasn’t used to her brand of frankness, and so he didn’t give her platitudes. Her honesty deserved more than that.

			“You’re right,” he said. “And you’re wrong.”

			In the glow of his phone, she stared at him, her lips parted, eyes wide.

			“When the lights come back on and we leave here, we probably won’t see each other again. But in this moment, there’s nothing I want more than to discover more about Nadia with the gorgeous mouth and unholy curves.”

			* * *

			Blame It on the Billionaire by Naima Simone

is part of the Blackout Billionaires series.





			 			Dear Reader,

			Wow! It’s so hard for me to believe we’re at the final book of the Blackout Billionaires series. I’m sad to see it end, but I’m also so thrilled you’ve enjoyed the series!

			I remember when the news about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry having a baby broke. First, I swooned at the fairy-tale-ness of it all. Then I started plotting. What if the “common” girl won her own prince of American royalty? What hurdles would they have to jump? Would his family accept her? How hot would that be? The answer to the last question is “very.”

			In Blame It on the Billionaire, Grayson Chandler is the youngest son in a family whose blood is bluer than the ocean the Mayflower floated on. And because of a terrible tragedy, he’s now the heir to that legacy, including the business. His mother is determined to see him engaged and settled down—with his ex-fiancée. To discourage her machinations, he proposes a deal to Nadia Jordan, an employee of his company and the woman who blew his mind with a scorching passion during a blackout: pretend to be his girlfriend and he’ll cover her brother’s college tuition. What begins as a relationship of convenience blazes into a need that neither can control. But will disapproving family, old insecurities and doubts extinguish it first?

			This is a story of loyalty, independence, healing and, yes, the all-consuming power that is love. I hope you enjoy!

			Happy reading!

			Naima





		 			Naima Simone

			Blame It on the Billionaire





		 			USA TODAY bestselling author Naima Simone’s love of romance was first stirred by Harlequin books pilfered from her grandmother. Now she spends her days writing sizzling romances with a touch of humor and snark.

			She is wife to her own real-life superhero and mother to two awesome kids. They live in perfect, domestically challenged bliss in the southern United States.

			Books by Naima Simone

			Harlequin Desire

			Blackout Billionaires

			The Billionaire’s Bargain

Black Tie Billionaire

Blame It on the Billionaire

			Visit her Author Profile page at Harlequin.com, or naimasimone.com, for more titles.

			You can also find Naima Simone on Facebook, along with other Harlequin Desire authors, at Facebook.com/harlequindesireauthors!





		 			To Gary. 143.





		 			Contents

			Chapter One

			Chapter Two

			Chapter Three

			Chapter Four

			Chapter Five

			Chapter Six

			Chapter Seven

			Chapter Eight

			Chapter Nine

			Chapter Ten

			Chapter Eleven

			Chapter Twelve

			Chapter Thirteen

			Chapter Fourteen

			Chapter Fifteen

			Chapter Sixteen

			Chapter Seventeen

			Epilogue

			Excerpt from Rule Breaker by Joanne Rock





One


			Honor thy mother and father.

			Grayson Chandler smothered a sigh. With all due respect to Moses, but if he’d been stuck listening to Grayson’s mother nag on and on and about his lack of duty, loyalty and wife, the prophet might’ve asked God to nail down the specifics on that commandment.

			Swearing. Out.

			Muzzling. Out.

			Faking a coronary episode to avoid her complaining. Gray area.

			For a moment, a flicker of guilt wavered in Grayson’s chest. But at the moment, he was caught in his mother’s crosshairs. Pit bulls with lockjaw had nothing on Cherise Chandler. She didn’t let go of something—whether it was a project, a subject or a grudge—until she was done with it.

			Which didn’t bode well for him.

			He was thirty years old and president of KayCee Corp, one of the most successful global tech start-up companies in the country and he hadn’t been a child to be controlled long before he left his parents’ house. For years, he’d answered only to himself, owed no one else explanations or justifications.

			Yet none of that mattered when it came to the crystal blue gaze that could make him feel like the little boy who’d been busted hiding a stray dog under his bed for a week.

			Hell.

			Parental guilt trips were a bitch.

			“Grayson, your stubbornness is becoming ridiculous,” his mother said, a note of irritation in her voice. She shifted closer and a small frown marred her brow. “You’ve proven your point with this little business venture of yours and Gideon Knight’s. But your father needs you now, your family needs you. It’s time to stop playing at CEO, step up and take your place at Chandler International. It’s your responsibility. Your duty.”

			He clenched his jaw, trapping the vitriolic stream of words that scalded his throat. This little business venture. Time to stop playing. As if striking out on his own without the emotional or financial support of his Chicago old-money, well-connected family was the equivalent of a rousing game of Monopoly. With those few words, she’d dismissed years of his and Gideon’s hard work, relentless determination and resulting success.

			He should’ve been used to this casual disregard. Of his accomplishments. Of him. As the second son, the “oops baby” of Daryl and Cherise Chandler, he’d been an afterthought from birth. But somehow, his skin had never grown that thick.

			Another black mark in the “Why Grayson Isn’t Jason Chandler” Column. Right under rebellious. Selfish. And disloyal.

			Didn’t matter that he’d had a hand in founding a tech platform that served major businesses and assisted them in tracking their shares with its unrivaled software. Didn’t matter that his business was one of the most successful start-ups to hit the financial scene in the last five years.

			None of it mattered because it wasn’t Chandler International.

			Dammit.

			Grayson shoved his hands in his tuxedo pockets and glanced away from his mother’s scrutiny. Guilt and shame knotted his gut.

			He was throwing a pity party, but at least he was alive.

			Jason couldn’t say the same.

			And because his mother had lost her son—her favorite son—Grayson imprisoned the sharp retort that weighed down his tongue.

			“I take my position at and ownership of KayCee Corp as seriously as Dad does with Chandler. I also understand my obligation to our family. But as I’ve told both of you, my company is my legacy just as Chandler is Dad’s.”

			“Don’t be deliberately obtuse, Grayson. It’s not the same—”

			“Mother,” he interrupted, voice cold. “Now isn’t the place or time for this conversation.”

			She parted her lips, but after a second snapped them closed. Oh yes. Only proper decorum and being potential fodder for gossip trumped getting in the last word.

			“Cherise, it’s so wonderful to see you again,” a feminine voice intruded.

			The pleasant, soft tone shouldn’t have scraped him raw, leaving an oily slide of disgust. He didn’t need to glance behind him to identify the woman. He’d be able to identify that dulcet tone, that light floral scent anywhere.

			Identify it, then crucify it.

			“Adalyn,” his mother crooned, a smile erasing her frown as she moved toward Adalyn Hayes with outstretched arms. “Don’t you look beautiful?”

			Grayson shifted to the side, studying his mother as she warmly embraced his ex-girlfriend. The woman who’d almost become Mrs. Grayson Chandler.

			The woman who’d stabbed him so deeply in the back he still had phantom pains from the scar a year and a half later.

			She hadn’t changed at all. Still stunningly beautiful with oval-shaped green eyes, delicate features, pretty mouth and long sleek hair as dark as a raven’s wing—or as dark as her heart. A midnight blue gown that glittered as if stars had been sewn into it clung to her small breasts and willowy frame before flowing over slender hips to pool around her feet.

			No, she hadn’t changed a bit. But he had.

			That beauty no longer stirred desire inside him. Those embers had long turned to dust, incapable of being lit ever again.

			“Grayson,” Adalyn purred, turning to him and linking her arm through his mother’s. “I didn’t know you would be attending the gala this year. It’s wonderful seeing you.”

			“Hello, Adalyn.”

			Damn if he’d lie just for the sake of pleasantries.

			“I’ve missed you,” she murmured as if his mother had disappeared and just the two of them existed in the crowded ballroom of the North Shore mansion. “We need to get together for dinner and catch up with one another.”

			“I love that idea,” his mother chimed in, patting Adalyn’s hand. “We’ve missed you, too. I was planning a dinner party for next week. You and your parents are invited. I’ll call your mother to officially issue the invitation.”

			The conversation sounded benign, but something seemed...off. Too jovial. Too neat.

			Too false.

			“Matchmaking, Mother?” he asked, infusing a boredom into his tone that didn’t reflect the cacophony of distaste and rage roiling inside him like a noxious cloud. “You don’t think this is a little beneath you?”

			“Not when you insist on flitting from woman to woman, behaving like a male whore,” she snapped, and no, it wasn’t the first time he’d heard those words.

			Manwhore. Playboy. Embarrassment. But again, that damn not-so-thick skin. The barbed insult pricked him like the cockleburs that would sting his fingers when he visited his grandmother’s horse farm as a child. Back then, he’d plucked them off and rubbed away the nip of pain. Now, with his ex a witness to his mother’s disdain, those nips drew blood.

			Deliberately curling his lips into a mocking smirk, he bowed slightly at the waist. “Thank you, Mother. Now tell me what you really think because I sense you’re holding back.”

			She scoffed, returning her attention to Adalyn who watched him with a gleam in her eyes. A gleam that heralded trouble. For him.

			“You’re thirty years old and it’s time to put away such childish behavior. The future CEO of Chandler International needs a good woman by his side supporting him. The board will not endorse or accept a man whose name and picture ends up on those dirty little gossip websites as often as the business section.”

			He stiffened. The smile he gave his mother was brittle, felt close to cracking right down the middle.

			“Well then I guess it’s a good thing I don’t intend to be the future CEO of Chandler International. Which makes the board and my love life nonissues. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I see several people I need to speak with.” Bending his head, he brushed a kiss over his mother’s cheek. “Mother. Adalyn.”

			Without waiting for the diatribe about his rudeness, he pivoted and strode away from the two women, the noose that had slowly been tightening around his neck loosening with each step.

			He should’ve seen this coming. His mother had been less than subtle about her wishes for him to settle down and marry. Especially in the last six months.

			Since Jason had died.

			The thought of his brother lanced him through the chest, a hot poker that hadn’t cooled in the time since his death. With a thirteen-year age difference and the knowledge that Jason was the favorite between them, they hadn’t been close. But Grayson had loved his older brother, respected him. And the tragic randomness of a brain aneurysm had only made Jason’s death harder to accept.

			But Grayson hadn’t had time to grieve before his parents had started pressuring him to leave the business he’d created and return to the family company. The Chandlers were American royalty, and with the heir now gone, the spare had to step up and perform his duty. Which meant helming Chandler International and, according to his mother, committing himself to a woman from a respectable background.

			The knot that had started to relax around his throat tightened again, and he jerked at his bow tie. God, the thought of being back under his father’s thumb, having to answer to Daryl Chandler and the board full of men just like him... Of having his independence stripped from him... Of having to live by the constricting rules that governed being a Chandler, one of Chicago’s oldest and wealthiest families...

			He was already suffocating.

			Fuck, he needed air.

			Charging across the ballroom, he didn’t stop until he exited the cavernous space filled with the glitterati of Chicago. They were supposed to be his friends, his business contacts, his people.

			And all he wanted was to escape.

			Escape them all.





Two


			The last place Nadia Jordan belonged was this gorgeous North Shore mansion that wouldn’t have been out of place in the French countryside. And as the security guard skimmed a glance over her dark brown hair that no doubt looked like she’d been dragging her fingers through it—because she had been—and down her leather jacket and faded jeans to her tennis shoes, he no doubt agreed.

			But in her defense, it was a Saturday night, and she’d been on her way back home from one of her brother’s travel league baseball games when she’d received the emergency call from her supervisor that had brought her here. As the older sister and guardian to a teenage boy, her idea of an emergency included a hospital, an asthma attack or broken limbs. But obviously she and her boss, the vice president of operations with KayCee Corp, had very different ideas of what constituted a crisis. His involved a high society gala, a white tuxedo shirt and spilled shrimp cocktail.

			When she’d received the call, she’d wanted to tell him she was off the clock. He could button up his jacket for the rest of the night. But being a rural transplant from Tatumville, Georgia—and yes, it was as small as it sounded—she’d been lucky to land the job in Chicago as secretary in one of the country’s hottest tech firms. And with a brother who was involved in every extracurricular activity his new high school had to offer, as well as his college tuition bills on the very near horizon, she literally couldn’t afford to say no to her supervisor’s sometimes wacky requests.

			Being a secretary hadn’t been her dream job. Nursing held that honor. But leaving for school and entrusting her brother to her mother’s seriously lacking maternal care hadn’t been an option. Nadia had cared for Ezra since their mother had come home from the hospital with him, even though Nadia had only been seven. Sacrificing for him so he could have a stable home and a chance at a successful future hadn’t been a hardship. She would do anything to ensure he had the opportunities she hadn’t.

			Which explained why she stood in the foyer of an ostentatious mansion, holding a garment bag with a clean dress shirt, waiting for a black-suited security guard to grant her entrance.

			“Ma’am, your name isn’t on the guest list,” he informed her, scanning the screen of the tablet he held.

			She fought not to roll her eyes. No shit, Sherlock. She belonged in a world with linoleum and mass-produced light fixtures. Definitely not this alternate universe with gold and marble tiles and mammoth crystal chandeliers. “I know. My supervisor, Mr. Terrance Webber, is the guest. I’m his secretary, and he asked me to bring an item by for him.” She held up the garment bag, silently explaining the “something.”

			“He assured me he would leave a note with security so I could bring this to him. I shouldn’t be long at all.”

			“A moment, please.”

			“Sure.” She forced her lips into a smile, when she really wanted to lament the fact that she could be curled up on her living room couch, covered from chin to toe with an afghan, settling in for an evening of campy B horror movies.

			Several moments passed as the guard spoke into a headpiece, and she tried not to gawk at the over-the-top evidence of wealth surrounding her. A gilded staircase that could’ve graced any classic Hollywood movie set curved to a second level. Paintings that appeared old, and therefore expensive, were mounted on the walls and a huge fireplace inlaid with more gold damn near covered a far wall.

			So this was how the one percent lived.

			Enlightening.

			And intimidating as hell.

			Finally, the guard ended his conversation and glanced down at her.

			“Mr. Webber is currently in the first men’s room in the east wing. He instructed you to meet him there.” He turned and pointed toward the rear of the foyer and a corridor that branched off to the right. “If you’ll follow that hall to the end, make another right. The men’s restroom is the last door on the left.”

			“Thank you.”

			Relief poured through her as she marched forward, ready to have her errand done so she could return to real life. Which didn’t include this uncomfortable tumbling in her stomach.

			Well, her life in Chicago didn’t include it. In Tatumville, she’d been intimate with this feeling—this sense of not belonging, of not being worthy. When you were the daughter of the town Jezebel, who was also a drunk, people tended to stuff you in the “won’t amount to much” box. But when Nadia and Ezra left her hometown and started over in Chicago, she’d vowed never to let anything, or anyone, make her feel that insignificant again.

			The music drifted away until she could barely hear it as she traveled down the hall. Her cell phone buzzed in her jeans pocket, and she paused to fish it out. A grimace crossed her face as she read the text.

			Terrance Webber: Where are you, Nadia? I need the shirt ASAP. They’re about to serve dinner.

			Inhaling a deep breath, she held it for several seconds, then slowly released it. Being snippy with the boss was a definite no-no.

			Nadia: I just arrived. I’ll be at the restroom in a minute.

			She typed the reply and started walking, tucking the phone in her back pocket. The sooner she got this over with the bet—

			“Oof.”

			The air barreled out of her lungs as she slammed into the wall that had just sprung up in the middle of the corridor. She stumbled back several steps, and the garment bag tumbled from her fingers. Big, strong hands gripped her forearms, steadying her before she could follow Mr. Webber’s shirt to the floor.

			“Thank you. I’m sorry about...that...”

			Her words dried up on her tongue as she met a unique gaze. Heterochromia, it was called. She’d looked it up soon after starting her job. One vivid, sky blue eye, and one forest green. Startling and beautiful. And only one man she knew possessed it.

			Grayson Chandler. President of KayCee Corp. Her employer.

			And the man she’d been secretly lusting after for over a year.

			Oh, God. Surely You couldn’t be so cruel.

			But as Grayson cocked his head to the side and skimmed his gaze from her face, down her body and back up, she had to admit that yes, indeed, God might have a mean streak. Otherwise, why else would He allow her to come face-to-face with this beautiful man while she looked like something that had been dragged over home plate a couple of times?

			He bent down and snagged the forgotten garment bag from the floor. Standing, he offered it to her, a smile quirking the corner of his mouth. Wow...that mouth. Full, sensual with a deep dip in the center of the top lip. Her fingers itched to trace it, to test the softness. She shivered, and from the narrowing of his eyes, she didn’t think he missed it.

			“I’ve heard of Cinderella showing up late to the ball clothed in a beautiful gown. But not with her dress in tow.” He held the bag out to her, arching an eyebrow. “I think you need an upgrade in fairy godmothers.”

			“Yes, well, Cinderella was high-maintenance,” she murmured, accepting the luggage.

			A sharp bark of laughter escaped him, and from the slight widening of his eyes and the surprise flashing through the blue-and-green depths, it seemed the crack of amusement caught him off guard. Join the club.

			“And you’re not high-maintenance?” he asked, slipping his hands into his tuxedo pants.

			The movement opened his black jacket, offering a glimpse of his pristine white shirt stretched across a broad, powerful chest and flat abdomen. Heat tangled in her belly, and she fought the urge to cover it with her hand. As if that futile gesture could contain it.

			“You would be the first, then,” he said. Before she could respond to that loaded statement and the hint of bitterness in it, he continued. “I’ve never met the anti-Cinderella before, and I have to admit I’m curious. After you change, will you allow me to escort you to the ballroom?”

			Mortification swelled inside her chest, scorching a path up her throat and pouring into her face. It figured that when she stepped into a fairy tale and met Prince Charming, instead of being the bejeweled, beautifully gowned princess, she was the poor scullery maid. Only thing missing was the ash on her face.

			Clutching Mr. Webber’s shirt tighter, she hiked up her chin. She might be embarrassed, but damn if she’d show it. “Actually, I’m only here to drop off this shirt for my supervisor. He’s the guest, not me.”

			He frowned. “It’s Saturday. Aren’t you off the clock?”

			She shrugged. “Technically. But when the boss calls...”

			“Are you getting paid overtime for this little errand?” he pressed.

			She didn’t reply. They both knew the answer. And judging by the darkening of his eyes, from irritated to thunderous, he didn’t like it. Why did that send a thrill tripping down her spine? Especially when it was Grayson’s employee who had delivered the order for her to be here? She refused to analyze the first or share the second.

			“What’s your supervisor’s name?” he asked. No, demanded. The hard, flat tone brooked no refusal. Again, that trickle of excitement, only this time it sizzled, arousal hardening her nipples, clenching her belly...pooling heavy between her legs.

			She didn’t do controlling men. Not after the childhood she’d experienced and all the things she’d witnessed between her mother and her “boyfriends.” In many ways, Grayson reminded her of those men. Rich. Handsome. Pillars of the community. Respectable. Untouchable. Except for furtive meetings with her mother in the alleys behind bars or in the back seats of expensive cars.

			Yes, he bore more than enough resemblance to those hypocrites that she should shy away from him. But from the first, Nadia had been drawn to his lovely mismatched eyes, the sharp angles of his cheekbones, nose and jaw. The carnal perfection and temptation of his mouth. The tall, elegant frame with wide shoulders and chest, a tapered waist and long, powerful legs.

			But unlike those men who’d ignored her mother on Main Street but couldn’t get enough of her on back streets, Grayson seemed to possess a core of integrity. The few times they’d run into each other since she’d started working at KayCee Corp, he’d been nothing but respectful, his gaze not dipping to linger on her generous breasts or her equally generous ass. He’d never uttered sly innuendo or propositioned her. It’d been...refreshing. And had only deepened her schoolgirl crush.

			Yet none of that justified her reaction to that implacable, disobey-and-bear-the-consequences tone. Or explained why she imagined him clasping her chin in his big hand, holding her still for a hard, hungry kiss while cuffing her arms above her head.

			Arousal rippled through her, and she clenched her thighs.

			“Cinderella,” he said, stepping closer, while she stared up at him like prey caught in the unblinking stare of a predator on the hunt. “His name.”

			“W-why?” she stammered. Oh, for God’s sake. She tipped her head up, drawing her shoulders back. “Why do you want to know?”

			Why do you care?

			“So I can have a very civil conversation with him about taking advantage of his employees and not compensating them for their time. To discuss how not to abuse one’s position of power over another, including expecting them to be at one’s beck and call.”

			“There’re a lot of ‘one’s’ up in there,” she grumbled. Shaking her head, she ignored the curl at the corner of his mouth, and the warmth it caused to slide through her veins. Like liquid sunshine. And all because she’d made him smile. Somewhat. Good Lord, woman. Get it together. “I can’t do that. One, I need my job, and two, it’s no big deal.” Even though it kind of was.

			“Oh, but it is,” he purred, mirroring her thoughts. “And you don’t have to worry about your job, Cinderella. Whoever he is wouldn’t dare to fire you.”

			The arrogance and satisfaction in his assurance shouldn’t have been sexy, but damn, it so was. Even the fact that he didn’t remember her, though they’d met a handful of times, couldn’t diminish the desire he stirred in her. Did it sting? Oh yes, and more than a little. But she worked for his company, not for him directly. And if life had taught her anything, it was to be realistic. Men who were constantly photographed with sophisticated, slender, gorgeous socialites, actresses and models wouldn’t notice a small-town, curvy, unassuming secretary.

			So yes, him not recognizing her made sense. Still hurt, though. Every woman—even Cinderella—longed to be memorable. Especially to the man who starred in her every dark, sweaty, erotic dream.

			“I appreciate your concern, but my lips are sealed, and I really need to—”

			“What would it take to unseal them?” he murmured, and she stiffened, shock winging through her as his gaze dropped to her mouth. And stayed there.

			Nervous, she sank her teeth into her bottom lip, and something flashed in his eyes. On another man, she would’ve labeled it lust. But not him. Never him.

			“Tell me what I need to do. What you need me to give you,” he added.

			Her apparently filthy mind supplied answer after answer, and none of them had to do with clean shirts, bosses’ names or uncompensated time.

			She cleared her throat. “I don’t—”

			The hallway plunged into darkness.

			“What the fuck?” Grayson snapped.

			Yes. What the fuck indeed.





Three


			“Any word yet?”

			Grayson glanced down at the woman sitting on the floor of the hallway. The light from his cell phone revealed her back pressed to the wall, her long, entirely-too-gorgeous legs stretched out in front of her and crossed at the ankles. Jesus, what this woman did for denim...

			Dragging his attention away from the siren’s call of her thighs, he returned it to the cell in his hand. “Citywide blackout,” he replied, his voice rougher, more abrasive than usual. Unexpected, and inconvenient, lust clawed at him. “I wasn’t able to get any calls out, but I managed a couple of texts. According to my friend, the police are advising everyone to stay where they are. Which won’t be a problem for us. It seems the tech guru who owns this mansion installed a state-of-the-art security system that has now malfunctioned, locking us all inside.” Grayson shook his head. He’d met the man earlier. The guy epitomized the definition of “book sense but no common sense.” As the grandiose house and the money spent on it testified. “So until the blackout is over, and power is restored, we’re trapped here.”

			Quickly, he typed out a text to his parents, but it didn’t go through. Damn. But at least he knew they were safe somewhere in this building.

			“Shoot,” she muttered, thrusting her hand through her thick brown hair.

			No, not brown. That was a woefully inadequate description for the beautiful blending of auburn and shades of copper and chestnut.

			“Yes, I’m afraid you’re stuck with me for the foreseeable future,” he drawled, lowering to the floor and setting his cell phone between them, so the flashlight app created a small, dim circle of light. Drawing his legs up and propping his wrists on his knees, he glanced at her. “Look on the bright side. I could be your supervisor.”

			He chewed up the word supervisor, angry still at the thought of the nameless, faceless man. What spoiled, selfish asshole made his employee traipse all the way out to the Gold Coast to bring him a shirt on the weekend? She still hadn’t revealed his identity, but he intended to find out. And when he did, Grayson would enjoy throwing around his last name to put the fear of God in the man. No, the fear of a Chandler.

			“Good point,” she agreed absently. But then a smile lit her face, and a peculiar and unwelcome catch snagged in his chest. Forget the light from his phone, the beauty of that smile could illuminate the entire building. Hell, the Chicago skyline. “Oh, thank God. He’s safe.”

			“Who’s safe?” he asked, because screw it, he was curious about her. Any woman who showed up to the DuSable City Gala in a leather jacket and skinny jeans was way more interesting than one in a gown and jewels.

			At first, he didn’t think she’d answer, but after a moment, she said, “My brother. I left him at his baseball game, but he’s at a friend’s house instead of on the road.”

			“Did you try reaching your parents? Just in case he wasn’t able to contact them?” Almost as soon as the words exited his mouth, he wanted to snatch them back. Emotions flickered across her face, there and gone before he could decipher them. Well, except for one. Pain.

			“It’s just my brother Ezra and me,” she said, tone flat.

			He recognized that particular note. Too well.

			“I’m sorry,” he murmured, curling his fingers into his palms until the short nails bit into the flesh. It was either that or erase the distance between them and cup her too-lovely face. “I know the pain of losing someone, too.”

			Her eyes, as dark as espresso, softened. She shook her head. “No, I’m sorry for your loss.” If he hadn’t been studying her so closely he might’ve missed the slight shift of her hand from her lap. As if she, too, considered touching him, but decided not to at the last moment. “My parents aren’t dead. They’re just not...here. I’m my brother’s guardian, and we moved to Chicago a little over a year ago. It’s just us.”

			More questions piled into his head, his curiosity about this beautiful woman insatiable. That in itself should’ve alarmed him. The last woman to elicit even a tenth of this magnetic pull had left his heart and pride battered and bruised.

			Still, she’d satisfied a small piece of his curiosity. That honeyed drawl. Definitely not a clipped, flatter Chicago tone. She hadn’t mentioned where she’d moved from, but he’d bet his favorite bottle of Glenlivet that she’d lived somewhere hot and south of the Mason-Dixon Line. The slightly exaggerated vowels and soft consonants flowed over his skin like a heated caress. He had the insane urge to strip naked and let it touch every inch of him.

			He shook his head as if he could somehow dislodge the thought. Yet...he couldn’t stop his gaze from roaming over her features. When he’d first bumped into her, he’d focused on steadying her and keeping her from falling backward. But when she’d lifted her head, he’d been struck dumb for the first time in his life.

			Years ago, he’d started boxing as a way to release aggression and get some exercise. He clearly remembered the first time he’d had his bell rung by a sparring opponent. The other guy’s fist had plowed into Grayson’s stomach, blasting the air from his lungs, leaving his legs rubbery and his head spinning. When he’d peered into this woman’s dark brown eyes and beautiful face, he’d been back kneeling on that mat again.

			Long-lashed eyes that turned up at the corners. Regal cheekbones to match the almost patrician slope of her nose with its flared nostrils. Below, her wide, full, utterly perfect mouth had him fighting the urge to press his thumb to it. Just to feel the softness of that slightly heavier bottom lip that formed a natural pout. That mouth would inspire both worshipful poems and dirty limericks.

			Then there was her body.

			Even the worn leather jacket, simple white T-shirt and ripped skinny jeans couldn’t detract from the lushness of her curves. If anything, the plain clothes emphasized the miracle that was her body. Tall, even in gym shoes, the top of her head brushed the underside of his jaw. Strong but slender shoulders. Beautiful, firm breasts that would more than fill his hands—and God, did he want to find out for himself if that were true. A tucked-in waist that accentuated the wide flare of hips that had his palms tingling to cradle her—hell, degenerate that he was, he wanted to dig his fingers into her...leave his prints behind on that flesh. Impossibly long, thick legs and that ass. He briefly closed his eyes. God only gave asses like that to those He really loved... He must love the hell out of her. Round. High. Flawless. Made to be adored.

			Yes, Grayson’s first glimpse of her had pummeled the sense from his head and ignited his body like a struck match tossed in a pool of gasoline. Not even Adalyn had garnered that reaction from him.

			And sitting here with this woman in a private world carved out of darkness, he couldn’t deny that he wanted her. Wanted to feel her breath on his lips, his skin. Wanted to taste her mouth, taste that golden almond skin, discover its flavor for himself. Wanted to feel those abundant curves pressed to his larger, harder frame, adhered to him by sweat and lust.

			The clawing desire also had him mentally scooting back.

			Nothing that powerful could be good. Especially for him and his addictive personality. During his teens, it’d been the excess afforded him by his parents’ wealth and social status. Later it’d been women. Then he’d poured that intensity and driving need into founding and building KayCee Corp. And then into Adalyn.

			Yeah, he sensed that he could become wildly addicted to the woman next to him, whose vanilla and earthy scent—like fresh wind after a summer storm—reached out to him, tempted him. Hell, a woman whose name he didn’t even know.

			And that scared the hell out of him.

			And yet...

			“What’s your name?” he demanded.

			Her hesitation was brief, but he still caught it.

			“Nadia,” she said.

			“Nice to meet you, Nadia,” he murmured, stretching his hand out toward her. “Grayson.”

			Again, she paused. But then, she slid her palm into his. And when an electrical charge sizzled up his arm and straight to his cock, he instantly regretted touching her. Only pride kept him from jerking his hand away.

			He shifted his gaze from their clasped hands to her eyes, expecting to see the same shock. Instead he glimpsed resignation. And shadows. His gut clenched. Experience had taught him that secrets lurked in the shadows. Lies lived there.

			Slowly, he released her, returning his hand to his knee. Resisting the urge to fist his fingers and ease the residual tingling.

			Or capture it.

			Turning away from her, he stared straight ahead into the enveloping dark. “Why don’t you want me to know your name?” he finally asked, casting aside the socially acceptable tact that had been drilled into him since birth. “Do we know each other?”

			Her sharp but low intake of breath glanced off his ears, and he faced her again, openly scrutinizing her face for any telltale signs of deception. But she was good. Aside from that gasp, her expression remained shuttered. Either she had nothing to hide or she was damn good at lying.

			He couldn’t decide which one to believe.

			“No,” she whispered. “We don’t know each other.”

			Truth rang in her voice, and the vise squeezing his chest loosened a fraction of an inch.

			“And I guess, I didn’t see the point of exchanging names. If not for this blackout or you being in this hallway instead of the ballroom, our paths wouldn’t have crossed. And when the power is restored, we’ll become strangers again. Getting to know each other will pass the time but it’s not because we truly want to. It’s not...honest.”

			Her explanation struck him like a punch. It echoed throughout his body, vibrating through skin and bone. Honest. What did he know about that?

			In the world he moved in, deception was everywhere—from the social niceties of “It’s so good to see you” to the cagey plans to land a business deal. He wasn’t used to her brand of frankness, and so he didn’t give her platitudes. Her honesty deserved more than that.

			“You’re right,” he said. “And you’re wrong.” Deliberately, he straightened his legs until they sprawled out in front him, using that moment to force himself to give her the truth. “If not for me needing to get out of that ballroom and bumping into you here, we wouldn’t have met. You would be outside, unprotected in the parking lot or on the road. And I would be trapped in the dark with people I wish I didn’t know, most likely going out of my mind. So for that alone, I’m glad we did connect. Because Nadia...” He surrendered to the need that had been riding him since looking down into her upturned face, and clasped a lock of her hair, twisting it around his finger. “Nadia, I would rather be out here with you, a complete stranger I’ve met by serendipity, than surrounded by the familiar strangers I’ve known for years in that ballroom.”

			She stared at him, her pretty lips slightly parted, espresso eyes widened in surprise.

			“Another thing you’re correct and incorrect about. True, when the lights come back on and we leave here, we probably won’t see each other again. But in this moment, there’s nothing I want more than to discover more about Nadia with the gorgeous mouth, the unholy curves and the underwhelming fairy godmother.”

			Maybe he shouldn’t have pushed it with the comments about her mouth and body, but if they were being truthful, then he refused to hide how attractive he found her. Attractive, hell. Such an anemic description for his hunger to explore every inch of her and be able to write a road map later.

			Her lashes fluttered before lowering, hiding her eyes. In her lap, her elegant fingers twisted. He released the strands of her hair and checked the impulse to tip her chin up and order her to look at him.

			“Why did you need to escape the ballroom?” she asked softly.

			He didn’t immediately reply, instead waiting until her gaze rose to meet his.

			Only then did he whisper, “To find you.”





Four


			Nadia struggled to compose her features. To not let the yearning tangling in her to reflect on her face. Especially with Grayson’s piercing scrutiny attempting to peel away her carefully constructed protective layers. She’d spent years erecting them and couldn’t afford to let him see the insecure woman who raised her brother the best way she could, constantly afraid she would screw him up in some way as their mother had with her.

			But oh God, did he tempt her to lower her guard. To surrender to the quiet invitation in those amazing eyes.

			Still, Grayson Chandler, president of KayCee Corp, one of the most successful tech start-ups to explode onto the financial scene in years, the golden son of the revered Chandler family, couldn’t want her. Not Nadia Jordan, formerly of Tatumville, Georgia, daughter to Marion Jordan, the town’s notorious man-eater and drunk.

			It had nothing to do with her self-esteem—or lack of it—regarding her body. If her mother had bequeathed anything to her, it was a confidence in her curves. Because Nadia had inherited her build from Marion.

			From the time Nadia had been old enough to understand what was happening, she’d witnessed the lust and appreciation men possessed for Marion’s large breasts, wide hips, thick thighs and not-so-small behind. Those rich pillars of the community might ignore her in public when standing next to their wives and daughters, but in the dark, in secret, they couldn’t get enough of Marion’s brash laugh, her flamboyance, her casual sensuality, and of course, her body.

			And when Nadia hit puberty and started to fill out, their dirty leers had transferred to her. Almost everyone in her hometown had expected her to follow in Marion’s footsteps. Like mother, like daughter. Earlier than she should’ve, she’d learned to dodge grasping, searching fingers, to avoid deserted hallways and dark corners where teen boys and older men could trap her.

			It was why she’d escaped Tatumville as soon as she could. To move to a place where she wasn’t seen as her mother’s daughter. To give her brother a chance to grow up out from under that censure.

			So no, she didn’t have body issues. Still, she’d seen the pictures in society and gossip magazines and blogs capturing Grayson with women who were the anti-her.

			And then there was the matter of his wealth.

			He might not know all of her background, but from her clothes and the conversation they’d shared, he had to know she was not only from the other side of the tracks, but that those tracks were miles away.

			She didn’t trust rich men. Too many times had she witnessed her mother not only using those kinds of men for money, favors or gifts, but also allowing them to use her, too. Nothing they gave Marion had been free, and in Nadia’s experience, rich men did nothing without expecting something back.

			Staring at Grayson with his “To find you” ringing in her ears, she forced herself to remember those lessons. She tried to resist the small but insistent whisper in her mind asking what would be the harm in letting go just once in her life? Who would it hurt if she took something for herself?

			“You don’t strike me as the kind of man to believe in that fated nonsense,” she finally said, resenting the rasp in her voice.

			“I’m not,” he agreed. “I don’t believe in ideas like destiny, blind faith or unconditional love. I forge my own path, make my own choices and live by them. And there are always conditions, strings attached to everything. Nothing in this life is free,” he said, echoing her own thoughts. “You know what I do believe in, Nadia?” She shook her head, and the intensity in his gaze seemed to deepen. “What I can touch, see...taste. If I can’t, then I don’t trust it.”

			“And yet...” She trailed off.

			“And yet,” he continued. “It might not have been you who dragged me out of that ballroom. But I’m here. And I’m not alone.”

			Alone.

			That one word resonated inside her, expanding until it rang like a struck gong. A man like him shouldn’t be alone. It struck her as...wrong.

			“It seems to me that someone who attends a gala that even peons like me know about isn’t often alone.” She cocked her head. “Unless he wants to be.”

			“You know what they say about assuming, Nadia.” He tsked, but she didn’t miss the thread of steel in the teasing. As if he were warning her to back off the topic. Which perversely only heightened her desire to pursue it.

			“Well then don’t let me assume, Grayson. Enlighten me. Tell me something about yourself. Something nobody knows. Something that will stay here in this hallway. Between you and me.”

			He studied her for a long moment, and Nadia met that blue-and-green gaze, no matter how much she might want to duck her head and avoid it. And, she didn’t rescind her request. She waited, her chest tight, hoping he would answer. Even if it was some bullshit that every gossip outlet knew. For this moment, she could pretend it was only for her.

			“I hate this pretentious, fake, incestuous fishbowl,” he finally murmured, drawing his legs back up and propping his arms on his knees again. Turning from her, he stared straight ahead, but a small muscle ticked along his jaw. “No, not a fishbowl. A shark tank. A tank full of predators waiting for the slightest sign of weakness so they can tear you to pieces. Do you know how exhausting it is to be constantly on guard?”

			“Yes,” she whispered. God, did she. “But, you know, the thing about sharks? We see them as ruthless, single-minded killers, when they’re not. They’re important to the ocean’s ecosystem. In a way, they’re protectors. Smaller fish depend on them for survival. I could make the argument that if they didn’t exist, neither would the weaker, more vulnerable species.”

			He shifted his gaze back to her, and a faint smile played with his lips. Heat rushed into her face. Thank goodness for the dark so he couldn’t see the evidence of her mortification. Unfortunately, her mouth wouldn’t stop running.

			“I watch a lot of Animal Planet,” she mumbled. “But maybe, you’re in that tank to protect the defenseless so they can thrive.”

			The smile disappeared. And she regretted whatever she’d said that had caused it to vanish.

			“I’ve been called a lot of things in my life, but protector has never been one of them. You make me sound noble, and I’m not,” he said, that vein of harshness entering his voice again. This time, it might’ve induced her to back away from the subject—if not for the presence of something else there, too, something that tasted of desperation, of...pain.

			It drew her to him.

			The press painted Gideon Knight and Grayson Chandler as light and dark, the yin and yang of KayCee Corp. Gideon was the intimidating, merciless owner, while Grayson was the golden, charming half. But the glimpses of him she’d received tonight...

			Who was Grayson?

			Those glimpses promised that more lurked beneath that affable mask. It was the more that had her reaching out to him. Had her settling her hand over his.

			“In my experience, people who warn you that they aren’t noble are the ones with good hearts. It’s the ones who brag about being righteous and moral that you need to watch out for.”

			Grayson’s gaze dipped to her hand, then slowly lifted until it met her eyes. A shiver rippled through her, and he didn’t miss it.

			“My heart isn’t good, Nadia. I’m selfish. Greedy. Spoiled. And if you knew the thoughts in my head right now, about you, you would remove your hand from mine,” he warned.

			She didn’t. Even though her heart thudded against her sternum, she didn’t heed his warning.

			“Go on and ask me,” he murmured, and her breath caught in her lungs at the sin in his voice. “You’re thinking it. I can see that in those pretty brown eyes. Ask me what thoughts are in my head.”

			Here in the dark, the caution that ruled her life started to unravel. That small, low whisper encouraging her to take grew in volume, in strength. In this hallway, cut off from the real world, with only the man she’d fantasized about for company, she was Eve reaching for the apple even knowing she shouldn’t.

			Knowing that traveling down this path with her employer would be one of the biggest mistakes of her life...

			She bit the apple.

			“What are your thoughts about me?” she asked, the question barely there.

			“Are you sure?” he pressed. When she nodded, he did, as well. “You bumped into me earlier, but only because I’d already stopped. I couldn’t move. Watching you walk is pure sex. The confident stride of those legs that mesmerize a man. Give him thoughts of how they would clasp him in their strong embrace. The sensual sway of hips I want to dig my fingers into while I press you close and take your mouth that was created to be claimed, corrupted. That’s what you are, baby. Corruption. Sin. Desire in flesh. And I want to kneel in front of you and beg you to consign me to your hell. Because I want to burn in you. With you.”

			Oh God.

			Desire, scorching hot and out of control, blazed a path from her belly, up her chest and to every limb of her body. Consuming her. With just words, he caused her nipples to tighten, her sex to spasm in need. Thank God she was sitting, because her trembling legs wouldn’t have supported her. Not when the blood in her veins had become liquid lust. Not when the breath in her lungs had evaporated into smoke.

			I want to kneel in front of you... Because I want to burn in you. With you.

			Now, she could do nothing but picture him on his knees in front of her, that proud head tilted back, his amazing eyes fixed on her. His fingers clasping the tab of her zipper and steadily lowering...

			She closed her eyes, not to block out the image but to dwell on it.

			“Nadia.” Gentle but firm fingers pinched her chin and lifted her head. “Look at me,” Grayson ordered, and she did. When she stared into his amazing eyes, he nodded. “Your turn. Tell me something nobody knows. Something that will stay here in this hallway,” he said, lobbing her words back at her.

			Brave. She’d always prided herself on not backing down from any challenge. Especially because it’d almost always meant going without something—food, rent, money. But here, brave meant being selfish. It meant grabbing ahold and taking for herself...for once.

			And God, did she want to take.

			Could she do it only for tonight? Slap the time-out button and live brashly, without a thought for the consequences? Who would she hurt?

			Maybe just herself once morning dawned or the lights came back on. But she was prepared to walk out of here accepting that when she returned to work on Monday, she would go back to being the nameless, faceless employee on the twentieth floor.

			If she could have this slice of time with Grayson, then she’d deal with the hurt of becoming invisible again.

			“I like tequila shots,” she whispered. “What no one knows is you’re like that hit of tequila. Potent as hell, hot and strong like the first punch of alcohol to the stomach—and I’ll gladly get drunk on it, on you, even knowing I’ll be hungover and remorseful in the morning.”

			The silence between them thickened and heated. His grip on her chin tightened, and the slight pressure drew a gasp from her. His eyes. They seemed to glow with the same need that snapped inside of her. His skin tautened across his cheekbones, his sensual, full mouth flattening into a firm line.

			“Do you understand what you do to a man like me when you say that?” he growled.

			“A man like you?” she rasped.

			“I told you,” he said, voice rough, harsh. His hand shifted from her face and up into her hair, gripping the strands. “I’m greedy. Selfish. And will take without conscience what you’re offering me.” He tugged on her hair, and pinpricks of pleasure danced across her scalp. She sank her teeth in her bottom lip to trap a moan. “What are you offering me, Nadia?”

			“Me,” she breathed. “For tonight. All of me.”

			As if those words snapped a fraying leash on his control, Grayson swooped down and crushed his mouth to hers. Oh God. She hadn’t been prepared. Maybe she’d believed she was. But foolish, foolish her—she wasn’t.

			Not prepared for the intensity, the hunger, the ravishing. She felt silly even thinking that antiquated word, but no other could describe how he consumed her. Dragged her under with the thrust of his tongue, the hard but sensual molding of his lips to hers.

			His holds in her hair and on her chin tightened. He tugged her head back farther, and his thumb pressed firmer just under her bottom lip. Both helplessly and willingly, she opened wider for him, for the plunging and tangling of his tongue. For his possession. A possession she not only welcomed but craved like her next breath.

			He had become that vital.

			His mouth abandoned hers, and with a disappointed whimper, she followed him. But he shifted his grip to her jaw and held her still. He trailed a sizzling path from her lips, down her throat and to the crook between neck and shoulder. There, he nuzzled her, and she gasped as a jolt leaped from that spot to her taut nipples, through her knotted belly and down to the already damp and spasming flesh between her thighs.

			Reaching for steady purchase to cling to in the erotic maelstrom, she dug her fingernails into his shoulder. And held on.

			“Come here,” he murmured, his hands dropping to her hips and drawing her toward him. Over him. In breathless seconds, she straddled his rock-hard thighs. Slowly lowered herself until the long, thick length of his erection pressed against her denim-covered sex. A low, shaky gust pushed out of her lungs. Damn. He was... Screw it. He was big. And for a woman who hadn’t had sex in well over a year? Intimidating.

			But for a woman who’d never indulged in sex where she didn’t need to worry if the man would gossip about her afterward?

			Exhilarating.

			Liberating.

			Rolling her hips, she stroked her sex over him. A full-body shiver worked its way through her, and she groaned at the stunning pleasure. Layers of clothes separated them, but they didn’t prevent her from feeling him. His width, his hardness, his strength.

			Sinking her teeth into her bottom lip, she ground against him, rubbing, rocking over his flesh, getting lost in the swells of desire that threatened to quickly drown her in the release that already loomed wonderfully close. Jesus. She was going to embarrass herself by coming quickly just from some fully clothed dry humping, and she couldn’t bring herself to care.

			“I like that you’re using me for your pleasure, baby,” he praised in a silk-and-gravel voice that both slid over and abraded her skin...her nerve endings. “But don’t hide from me.” He pressed his thumb to her lip and gently tugged it free from her teeth. “I want to hear every sound, every word of your need for me. Don’t keep anything from me.”

			Oh God. He was temptation, a sinful lure enticing her to fall in the most spectacular of ways.

			With deft hands that spoke of skill and practice, he removed her jacket and shirt. Seconds later, she sat on his lap, his rigid dick between her thighs and his beautiful, bright gaze on her half-naked body. She resisted the urge to lift one arm over her plain bra and cross the other over her stomach.

			No, she might not be ashamed of her body, but that didn’t prevent insecurities from creeping in with their sly reminders that she wasn’t like the women he’d been pictured with. Though Nadia worked out and ran—not just for health reasons but because it was also a great stress reliever—she would never have a cut six-pack unless she drew it on her abs with a Sharpie. Her flatish, soft belly carried faint stretch marks, and her breasts... Well, they were firm, but their weight would always make them sag a little rather than sit high on her chest like perky B cups.

			“Don’t even think about it,” Grayson snapped, his eyes sparking with blue-and-green fire. Stroking his hands up her arms, he squeezed her shoulders, before continuing his journey south until he cupped her breasts in his big hands. “Maybe I should’ve been more specific when I told you not to hide from me. Not sounds, not words and definitely not this gorgeous body.”

			“You’re certainly bossy, you know that?” she said, arching an eyebrow but leaving her hands on his shoulders. “Does that usually work for you?”

			“Yes,” he rumbled, whisking his thumbs over her stiff, aching nipples. “And it does for you, too.” He pinched the tips, wringing a low cry from her. “Doesn’t it, baby?”

			She didn’t answer but lowered her head and took his mouth, swallowing his wicked chuckle. He didn’t let up playing with her body, tweaking and tugging her nipples until she ripped her lips from his and threw her head back. More than anything, she wanted him flesh to flesh, no barriers. Reaching behind her, she unclipped her bra and yanked it off. An almost feral growl tore from him, and he hefted her breasts, lifting one to his mouth and sucking deep while continuing to toy with the other.

			Every flick and circle and suckle agitated the insatiable creature she’d become. She tunneled her fingers through his hair, gripping, caught between clutching him close so he couldn’t turn her loose and pushing him from her, unable to bear the brutal sting of pleasure.

			Switching to the other mound, he rubbed the wet tip, but slid his free hand down her torso, over her stomach and beneath the band of her jeans. Her audible catch of breath echoed in the hallway, and she stilled as his fingers slipped underneath denim and cotton, resting on top of her sex.

			Lifting his head, he met her gaze. “Yes or no?” he asked.

			Desire burned in his mismatched eyes, but so did resolve. His stare assured her that he wanted her, but if she said no, he would back away.

			“Yes,” she said, the answer firm and sure.

			She wanted his touch. Him. Releasing her hand from his hair, she dipped it under her pants as well, covering his fingers with hers. “Yes,” she repeated.

			She tilted her hips, and their combined touch glided over her flesh. Twin thick groans saturated the air, and she couldn’t contain the cry that slipped from her lips. Together they stroked her, slid through her folds and down to the small, tight entrance to her body. On the tail end of a curse, Grayson abandoned her breast to wrench the button on her jeans free and tug down the zipper, granting them more room.

			Fingers tangled, side by side, they caressed her opening. But it was him that pushed inside, stretching her with a familiar but almost-forgotten burn. And now, with his fingers buried deep, she wondered how she would go on without it.

			In a duet that was as dirty as it was beautiful, they coaxed a tune from her body.

			“Touch yourself,” he commanded, and she obeyed, untangling her fingers from his and slipping beneath his palm to slick a caress over the swollen button of nerves. She jolted, whimpered.

			He gave a soft chuckle. “Do it again, Nadia. We’re going to take you there together.”

			Shivering, she circled the nub, again and again, his rough praise and encouragement pushing her to rub harder, more, harder, more...

			“Oh God,” she croaked, then splintered.

			She cried out, quaking from the inside out. Grayson replaced her fingers with his, making sure she received every measure of the orgasm rippling through her. She went limp, falling into his body and wanting nothing more than to curl against him, lethargy weighing down her limbs.

			Like she was a rag doll, he lifted her from his lap, damn near ripping the tuxedo from his powerful frame. Then he stripped her of her remaining clothes and arranged her on the makeshift pallet he made of his suit. He loomed above her, the dim light from his cell phone still managing to highlight the corded strength in his arms, chest, abs and thighs. His cock. Her lungs locked down all available air in her lungs at the sight of the heavy column of flesh rising from a dark nest of hair. The desire that had settled to a hum low in her belly sparked and crackled, the flames leaping to hot life. He was sexy, perfect...beautiful.

			Thank God this wouldn’t go beyond tonight. Because she had the unnerving sense he could also very well be heartbreak.

			Grayson tore open the small foil packet he’d retrieved from his wallet and rolled on the protection. The virile, erotic sight caused all her unsettling thoughts to scatter. All thoughts except him finally being inside her.

			Lifting her arms to him, she murmured, “Grayson.”

			An invitation. A plea.

			“Gray,” he rasped, crawling over her and settling between her thighs.

			“What?” She moaned as his weight pressed into her.

			“Gray,” he repeated. “Those close to me call me Gray.”

			But we’re not close, hovered on her tongue and from the sharpening in his blue-and-green gaze, maybe he expected and anticipated her protest. Sex didn’t make them close, didn’t grant her privileges.

			But this was a night for pretend. For fantasy.

			Both caused her to whisper, “Gray.”

			Satisfaction gleamed in his eyes, and he settled more firmly over and against her, every rock-hard, unforgiving plane of his body pressed to her softer, rounded curves.

			“What did you say you were willing to give me, Nadia?” he growled, his erection at the entrance to her body.

			“All of me,” she rasped, then gasped as he surged inside in one long, smooth, powerful thrust. “Take all of me.”

			And he did.

			Not holding back. Not allowing her to hold back.

			He slid his hands under her ass, angled her up and, withdrawing in a slow drag that lit up nerve endings like fireworks, he then plunged back inside her. Stealing her breath. Words. Sanity.

			Circling her arms and legs around his neck and hips, she clung to him, let him hurl her into the storm he created with each flex, each parry and thrust, each branding kiss.

			The man was a sexual act of God.

			He powered into her, taking her body, giving her pleasure...breaking every notion of what sex really was. Because she’d had sex before, but as he buried himself in her again and again, riding her until her thighs trembled and her breath stuttered, she could admit to herself that this...this exceeded all of it.

			This, she’d never experienced.

			And already, even though she’d promised herself there couldn’t be a repeat, she craved it again.

			“Gray,” she cried out, fearing and welcoming the end that swelled dangerously near.

			“Let go, baby,” he ordered, his voice harsh with the same need that clawed at her. “Let go and give it to me.”

			As if all she needed was his permission, she did as he commanded. She let go. And ecstasy whipped through her like lightning. Illuminating her, searing her, sending her flying.

			Above her, his hoarse shout dimly filled her ears, but she was already falling into the darkness, embracing it.

			Knowing in the morning, she would have only memories to hold on to instead of Grayson Chandler.





Five


			“Thanks, Pete,” Grayson said to his longtime driver as he alighted from the gleaming black Lincoln Town Car. Shivering a little against the cool October Monday morning, he shut the door before the other man could. “I should be finished by six tonight, but if I’m staying later, I’ll call a cab.”

			“Yes, sir,” Pete drawled, touching the brim of the black cap that Grayson insisted he didn’t need to wear. “But just give me a call when you’re ready. Look what happened the last time I wasn’t around to drive you. Blackouts. Trapped in locked-down mansions. You’re obviously not safe without me.”

			“Cut it, old man,” Grayson rumbled, but grinned at the chauffer.

			Pete was more than a driver. When Grayson was a child, the older man had been his best friend, pseudo-uncle and confidante. Hell, it’d been Pete who’d sat Grayson down and explained the more intimate details of sex. Which had been a vast improvement over his father’s uninspired “For God’s sake, cover your dick, Grayson, and don’t get any gold-digging whores pregnant” speech.

			“Have a good day and try to keep Gideon from turning anyone into a statue with that black-eyed stare,” Pete teased, rounding the hood of the car. With another mocking touch to his cap, he ducked inside the car and pulled off.

			Grayson shook his head, chuckling, but also wishing his friend hadn’t mentioned the blackout or being trapped in that damn North Shore mansion. He’d spent all of yesterday and last night attempting to exorcise that evening from his mind. More specifically, trying to remove memories of Nadia and the hottest sex of his life from his mind.

			So far, he’d failed. Epically.

			Maybe if he hadn’t woken up alone, cold and half-hard on a marble floor, with her scent still saturating his clothes, his skin... Maybe if he didn’t bear the scratches of her desire on his shoulders and back... Maybe if his dick didn’t rise to attention every time a passing thought of those espresso eyes flickered in his head...

			Maybe then he could pass off that evening as an unexpected and pleasurable incident.

			But today wasn’t that day.

			As the day before hadn’t been. And tomorrow wasn’t looking too good, either.

			Clenching his jaw, he ignored the low-grade throb in his body. As a boy and then a young man who’d lived most of his life by someone else’s rules, he guarded his control like a dragon jealously protecting treasure. Now more than ever, with his parents trying to snatch his life away again and force him back into the world he’d been so desperate to escape.

			Waking alone and with no way to contact Nadia, no way to see her again—it had threatened that need to determine his own fate. Because although he’d agreed to one night, he’d lied. After tasting her delectable mouth, caressing that gorgeous body, he wanted more.

			Those hours in that hallway had been the most honest, unfiltered interaction he’d had in years. He craved the sincere honesty as much as the hot-as-hell sex. And while the hunger to reinitiate contact with a veritable stranger for conversation should have been an ear-splitting blare of caution, he couldn’t deny—at least not to himself—how much he wanted it.

			“Good morning, Mr. Chandler,” the lobby security guard greeted him from behind the large black desk.

			“Good morning, Gerald. And welcome back,” Grayson paused in front of the desk. “How’s your wife and the new baby?”

			The young man beamed, his joy evident in his wide smile. “They’re both doing wonderful. Thank you for asking, sir.”

			“Good. Congratulations to you both.” Grayson nodded, then continued toward the bank of elevators, a disquieting emotion sliding under his rib cage.

			The guard’s obvious delight in his family had Grayson flipping back through his own memories. Had his parents’ gazes ever contained that gleaming sheen of pride, of happiness at the mention of him? Not that he could remember. For his brother, yes. Even a couple of times for his sister, Melanie. But not for him.

			Just yesterday, disappointment and anger had colored his mother’s frosty tone when he’d declined her invitation—order—to attend a family brunch. He’d already been raw from the previous night and sitting down with his mother and father with anything less than full, emotional body armor was foolish. And contrary to what they believed, they hadn’t raised a fool.

			Resentment, weariness and, yes, pain flickered in his chest, but he ruthlessly smothered them. Feeling anything was not only futile, but messy. Refusing people access to your heart, to your soul, prevented them from handling it like fruit in the supermarket bin—squeezing, bruising, then abandoning it.

			He jabbed the call button on the elevator a little harder than necessary, willing it to hurry the hell up. As if by getting on the lift and traveling the twenty-five floors to his office, he could leave these morose thoughts in the lobby.

			“...a little something, Gerald. Congratulations to you and your wife.”

			Grayson froze as the soft voice with a hint of a rasp reached him from across the lobby. The elevator finally arrived, but the doors opened and eventually closed without him moving toward it.

			That honeyed drawl. New and too damn familiar. He’d heard it in his head last night when he’d jerked awake in his bed, hard and hurting.

			It wasn’t possible.

			Since she’d been on his mind only minutes ago, he was probably having an aural hallucination...

			Slowly, he pivoted, his gaze zeroing in on the guard’s desk—and the woman standing in front of it handing a small gift bag to Gerald.

			Even across the lobby, she appeared tall, the nondescript black heels adding only a couple of inches. Rich chestnut hair was tamed into a painfully neat ponytail. A dark brown suit that seemed a size or two too big hung from her frame, nearly obliterating the curves beneath. From the hair to the wardrobe, nothing about this woman was similar to the woman he’d spent an unforgettable, sex-drenched night with.

			Nothing but that melodic accent, which sent all his blood rushing south.

			Forgetting everything—the meeting he had scheduled with Gideon, the conference call with a prospective client—he retraced his steps toward the security desk. Before he reached his destination, she turned, a smile curving her lips. Then she lifted her gaze. Met his. And her smile disappeared.

			Shock vibrated through him, the echo of it growing louder until only white noise filled his ears.

			Nadia. In his building.

			His gaze dipped to the familiar green and white badge clipped to the lapel of her jacket. A KayCee Corp employee.

			Shock morphed into anger edged with the bitter taste of betrayal.

			His employee.

			Saturday, she’d pretended not to recognize him, but she’d known who he was all along. Why hadn’t she said something? Had she planned to use their night together against him? Blackmail him?

			One of his personal codes was never to become involved with employees—ever. Not only was it unprofessional and a legal suit waiting to happen, but with his position of power, no relationship would ever be equal.

			But by remaining silent, she’d unwittingly made him violate his own rule. She’d stolen his choice away. That knowledge burned, fueling the already scalding fury at her duplicity.

			“Nadia,” he greeted, ice coating his voice. Alarm flashed in eyes he’d laughably thought of as honest. Good. She should be worried. He scanned her badge. “Nadia Jordan. What a surprise meeting you here. And with that badge on.”

			“Mr. Chandler,” she said, striding forward and erasing the space separating them. Her chin hiked up, the defiant gesture belied by the crossing of her arms under her breasts. As if protecting herself. “Good morning.”

			“Good morning,” he repeated, arching an eyebrow. “So formal. But then again, it appears you’re very good with pretenses,” he drawled. “As far as this one goes—” he deliberately scanned her from the top of her scraped-back hair to the tips of her plain shoes “—it’s a good one. I almost didn’t recognize you.”

			She dropped her gaze, but a moment later, her shoulders straightened, and she returned her eyes to his. “I didn’t—”

			“What? Lie? Be very careful how you finish that sentence,” he warned, anger slipping into his voice and replacing the mocking tone. “Especially when it isn’t a party guest you’re talking to now, but your employer.”

			Something that could’ve been guilt flashed across her face.

			Could’ve been. Probably wasn’t.

			“I didn’t lie. We didn’t—don’t—know each other. I’ve worked for KayCee Corp for a year, have spoken to you a handful of times, and you didn’t even know my name.”

			“So we’re going to play semantics?” he growled, leaning closer. Close enough that her fresh, earthy scent filled his nostrils. “Is that your game? Be care—”

			“Grayson.”

			He jerked his head up at the sound of his name spoken in the crisp, cultured voice he’d grown up associating with displeasure and chastisement.

			Hell.

			He inwardly groaned. Grinding his teeth together, he shifted his glance over Nadia’s shoulder.

			“Mom.”

			Cherise Chandler’s ice-blue stare swung from him, to Nadia, then back to him, dismissing the other woman. “I’ve been trying to call you all morning.”

			Yes, and he’d been ignoring her all morning. In the last few months, his mother had taken to blowing his phone up and always with the same subjects: returning to Chandler International, marriage, duty. He was...tired.

			“I’m sorry I missed them,” he lied. “I didn’t mean for you to come all the way down here, though.” Truth.

			“Well, how else was I supposed to invite you to lunch with us?” she asked.

			Us? For the first time he glanced behind his mother and noticed the petite woman standing with her. Adalyn. Jesus Christ. How much worse could this damn Monday get?

			“Adalyn.” He nodded in his ex’s direction.

			Adalyn smiled, taking the curt greeting as an invitation to approach him, place a hand on his chest and rise on the tips of her stilettos to brush a kiss across his cheek. Only manners bred into him since birth kept him from stepping back and wiping the imprint from his face. From the glitter in her green eyes, she guessed it. She’d always been fond of games.

			He’d never divulged the true reason behind their breakup to his parents. Adalyn hadn’t cheated, but in some ways, it would’ve been less devastating to him if she had. Still, he’d given his parents the old “two different people” excuse, not so much to protect Adalyn’s reputation but to shield himself from their scorn. His father would’ve called him a fool, and his mother would’ve gifted him with her patented “You’re a disappointment” look and the “marriage is about more than love” speech.

			No, he’d kept his mouth shut. But now, with Adalyn using this opportunity to wheedle back into his life, he regretted the decision. His father and mother might have scoffed at him, but at least they would have known why he couldn’t abide this woman’s presence.

			“I was so delighted when your mother called and invited me to come see you this morning. Like I said Saturday, it’s been such a long time. I would love to catch up with you,” she fairly purred.

			At one time, that sensual tone and pouty mouth would’ve had him ready to find a private place. But that had been before he’d discovered her love had been an act. Before he’d discovered he was just a walking, blue-blooded bank account to her. Before she’d shattered whatever he’d had left of his belief in the inherent integrity of people.

			She’d been a brutal but effective teacher.

			“I’m afraid lunch isn’t possible today,” he said, switching his attention to his mother and not bothering to address Adalyn. “My schedule is full.”

			“Nonsense,” his mother dismissed his excuse with a wave of her hand. “We’re family, and you can move meetings around. I’ve already made an appointment for twelve at—”

			Anger, frustration and, yes, he wasn’t too proud to admit it to himself, desperation, coalesced inside him, and before he could question the logic of his decision, he moved forward, closer to Nadia. He slipped an arm around her lower back, his hand resting on the lush, feminine curve of her hip. She stiffened, but he ignored it, silently praying that she didn’t pull away from him.

			“No, you misunderstand. Lunch isn’t a business meeting. I already have plans with Nadia.” He paused, then pushed out, “My girlfriend.”

			A silence filled with “what the hell?” reverberated between all of them. Beneath his hand, Nadia damn near vibrated with tension, fury, shock—most likely all three. And he couldn’t blame her. He’d just thrown her under a runaway bus, rendering her the sacrifice on the matchmaking altar. In the deafening seconds that passed, he could’ve rescinded his announcement, passed it off as a joke, but he stayed silent, hoping she’d go along with him.

			“Don’t be ridiculous,” Cherise snapped.

			“You can’t be serious,” Adalyn spat at the same time, dropping the butter-wouldn’t-melt-in-my-mouth act.

			Both women glared at him, then switched their glowers to Nadia. The need to protect her surged within him, and he shifted closer, his hold tightening.

			“Of course I’m serious,” he replied, tone silken and heavy with warning. “Why wouldn’t I be?”

			Adalyn sputtered, red flooding her face, but she pressed her lips together, wisely remaining silent. His mother had no such compunction.

			“She’s not exactly your type, is she, Grayson?” she scoffed, her gaze scouring Nadia. Cherise then settled a hand on Adalyn’s back. A smirk curved his ex’s mouth.

			He frowned and parted his lips, a hot retort jumping on his tongue. But Nadia beat him to it.

			“She isn’t a type at all,” Nadia said dryly. “But a person who just so happens to be standing here.”

			“So you are seeing my son?” Cherise demanded, as imperious as a queen speaking to a peasant.

			Again, he opened his mouth to warn his mother about her tone, but once more, Nadia beat him to it.

			“That’s what he said,” she said. Then with such sweetness Grayson would need to make an appointment with his dentist, she added, “He’s not in the habit of lying, is he?”

			He swallowed back the growl that shoved against his throat. She’d thrown his own accusation about lying back in his face. God, he didn’t know whether to snarl at her or murmur “well played.”

			“Grayson, I need to speak with you.” Cherise paused and shot a meaningful look at Nadia. “Alone.”

			“I’m sorry, Mother,” he apologized again. “I don’t have time right now. Gideon is probably waiting in my office.” Leaning forward, he brushed a kiss across his mother’s cheek. “I’ll call you later. Adalyn.” He nodded abruptly at the other woman, then turning, he strode back across the lobby, his arm still around Nadia’s waist.

			This time when he punched the call button for the elevator, seconds passed before the doors slid open, and he guided her inside. Only when they started to rise, did he drop his arm and shift away.

			And tried to ignore that he could still feel her, as if the prolonged contact had branded the sensation of her into his skin.

			He wished he could ignore her, forget that the scene downstairs had happened. But he couldn’t. As angry as he remained that she’d lied to him—and he still couldn’t stop the nagging need to know why—he’d dropped her right in the middle of a family issue without her permission.

			That made him a desperate asshole, but an asshole nonetheless. He already knew how he looked in her eyes—a hypocrite.

			A year ago, he wouldn’t have had any problem telling his mother to back off, to stop the matchmaking. But that had been before Jason died. Before Grayson witnessed his stalwart mother fall apart in grief. Causing her any more hurt when she’d lost the son of her heart...

			Maybe it made Grayson a coward and a hypocrite, but he couldn’t do that to her. But neither could he let her or his father rule his life again. He’d labored and sacrificed for this company, for his freedom.

			God. He clenched his fingers into a fist at his side, staring ahead at the sealed doors.

			He was so goddamn lonely.

			And other than Gideon, trusting in someone had burned him in the past. So Grayson took only what he allowed himself to have. Those few hours of sex, pressed close to someone and pretending they were intimate. Pretending they were sharing more than just pleasure. Pretending that in the morning, he wouldn’t escort them from his home with no promises.

			He glanced at the silent woman next to him. In that hallway, he hadn’t needed to feign anything. And maybe that’s why he couldn’t eradicate the inane sense of betrayal.

			For once, he hadn’t been faking it. And she had been.

			Focus, he ordered himself.

			He had to fix the problem he’d created that now involved her. And unfortunately, he saw only one way out of it.

			The elevator drew to a halt on the twenty-fifth floor, and he moved forward, cupping Nadia’s elbow.

			“This isn’t my floor,” she objected, stiffening under his hand.

			“We have to talk,” he said in way of explanation. “I can hit the emergency button on this elevator, and we can do it here and chance the fire department being called, or we can go to my office and have privacy. Your choice.”

			“That’s a choice?” she muttered but moved forward.

			“I never claimed you would like either option,” he said, not bothering to keep the bite from his tone.

			He guided her down the quiet hallway toward his office. Not many people had arrived yet, but those that sat behind their desks threw him and Nadia curious glances. He could just imagine the gossip that would erupt behind them as soon as they passed.

			Moments later, he paused next to his assistant’s desk. The older woman regarded both of them, but nothing in her expression or voice betrayed any curiosity. Only one of the reasons he valued her. She was the very definition of discretion.

			“Mrs. Ross, would you please notify...” He trailed off, frowning. “Who is your supervisor?” he asked Nadia.

			She arched an eyebrow, and he swallowed a growl at the not-so-subtle reminder that he didn’t know a damn thing about her. “Terrance Webber.”

			He nodded, familiar with the VP of operations. And now he knew who to have a talk with about requiring their employees to work when they weren’t on the clock or financially compensated. Although he would now make sure Nadia would be for Saturday night.

			“Would you call Terrance and let him know Ms. Jordan is in a meeting with me and will be a little late arriving? And also, call Gideon and tell him we need to move our meeting back a half hour.”

			His friend wouldn’t be happy, but the delay couldn’t be helped.

			“Yes, sir,” Mrs. Ross said. “I’ve updated your calendar. You have a conference call scheduled for ten thirty. Lunch with the Forester Group at twelve thirty and an appointment with legal at two. I’ve also emailed you the messages you’ve received so far this morning, listed in order of urgency.”

			“Thank you.” He reached into his briefcase and pulled free a couple of paperbacks. Settling the books on top of the desk, he pushed them toward his assistant. “For Jack. You mentioned he just started the J.D. Robb In Death series. I saw these and picked them up for him.”

			A warm smile spread across the woman’s face, lighting it up. At sixty-three, she should’ve been readying herself for retirement, not still working. But her husband had been injured on his job five years ago, and even with his insurance, the bills had piled up. Not that she seemed to mind being the breadwinner of the family; the woman was devoted to her husband.

			“Thank you, Mr. Chandler,” she murmured. “He will love these.” Clearing her throat, she gave him another smile. “I’ll make sure you aren’t disturbed.”

			Nodding, he headed toward his office, still clasping Nadia’s arm. Once he closed the door behind them, he released her. What he had to propose would be unprofessional enough without any more unnecessary touching.

			“Please, have a seat,” he invited, waving toward the two arm chairs that flanked his wide glass desk.

			“If you don’t mind, I’d prefer to stand. Since I won’t be staying long,” she added. “You’re either going to fire me for Saturday or order me to pretend the scene downstairs didn’t happen. Neither should require much time.” She emphasized her point by peering down at the slender watch on her wrist.

			Her reminder of the night of the blackout rekindled the fury simmering inside his chest. “That’s where you’re wrong, Nadia,” he snapped. “I can’t fire you because I had inappropriate relations with an employee.”

			Hell, “inappropriate relations.” Such an anemic description of the cataclysmic sex they’d had. Even standing here with her, frustration and anger a hum in his blood, he couldn’t deny the presence of the third emotion swirling in his body. Lust. For the plush mouth set in a firm, unsmiling line. For the full breasts that had filled his palms to overflowing. For the long, thick legs that her ugly skirt couldn’t hide. For the sex that had clutched him like a lover’s embrace.

			“My actions could be misconstrued as sexual harassment or coercion. It doesn’t matter that you hid the fact that you are my employee.” He cocked his head, studying her impassive face through narrowed eyes. “Care to explain to me why you didn’t enlighten me about our association? Whether I recognized you or not, you damn sure knew me. And you. Said. Nothing. Why?”

			She didn’t immediately reply. Instead, she mimicked his gesture, tilting her head, as well. “Does it really matter now?” She flicked a hand toward the desk behind him. “Do you need me to sign a contract or affidavit swearing not to sue you or the company for sexual misconduct?”

			“No,” he snapped. Yes. The businessman inside him snarled at the same time. Jesus, she had him arguing with himself. “I want an answer to my question.”

			“I don’t have one to give you, sir,” she replied evenly. Stubbornly.

			“You mean, you don’t want to give me one.” When she remained silent, continuing to meet his glare, he bit off a curse and dragged a hand through his hair, pivoting. After several seconds, he turned back around, scrutinizing her. So many questions ran through his head. Who are you? What were your motives? Did you use me? Were you faking?

			No.

			Her motives for remaining in that hallway with him might’ve been self-serving, but those lust-soaked moans, those hoarse whispers... Those had been real.

			“About downstairs...” He exhaled a deep breath, focusing on the main reason why he’d escorted her to his office. “I’m sorry I dragged you into the middle of it. But now that I have, I need your help.”

			For the first time since entering the office, an emotion crossed her face. Surprise. Quickly chased by suspicion. Smart woman.

			“My help?” she slowly repeated. “What kind of help could you possibly need from me?”

			“For you to be my fiancée. I need you to agree to marry me.”





Six


			Nadia stared at Grayson Chandler. No, gaped. Because she couldn’t have heard him correctly. He hadn’t just...proposed to her. Between leaving her house this morning and arriving at work, she must’ve been in a car wreck and was currently in the hospital, hopped up on morphine and she was dreaming.

			Dreaming of coming face-to-face with him in the lobby when that had never happened before.

			Dreaming of being an awkward witness to the tension-filled confrontation between him, his mother and the gorgeous woman who obviously had biblical knowledge of him.

			Dreaming of him introducing her as his girlfriend.

			And now dreaming of him announcing that he wanted her to marry him.

			Damn good drugs could be the only explanation for this hallucination.

			“Nadia?”

			She blinked, and no, Grayson still stood there, and so did she. The prick of her fingernails against her palm further solidified that all of this was indeed real.

			“What did you say?” she whispered.

			He sighed and thrust his fingers through his hair, half turning away from her. His profile as sharp as freshly hewn marble and utterly perfect.

			And she really shouldn’t be admiring the striking angles of his cheekbones, the arrogant blade of his nose and the criminally sensual fullness of his mouth. Not when he’d apparently lost his mind.

			“Not for real, Nadia,” he said, returning his blue-and-green gaze to her. God, those eyes. She’d somehow convinced herself they couldn’t possibly be that vivid, that penetrating and stunning. She couldn’t have been more wrong. Though she wanted to glance away from the intensity of his stare, the unique beauty captured her. “I don’t need a real fiancée, nor do I want one. I’m asking you to pretend that we are a happily engaged couple for several months. Long enough for my mother to forget this idea of fixing me up with Adalyn Hayes.”

			“Wait.” She threw up a hand, palm out. “Your ex, Adalyn Hayes?”

			His gaze sharpened. “Yes. How do you know about her?”

			When she first started working at KayCee Corp, she’d inhaled everything she could uncover about him. Still, she doubted announcing “Because I have a humiliating crush and looked up everything about you” would go over well. Shoot, it mortified her just to admit it to herself.

			“Who doesn’t?” She deflected his question with a shake of her head. “So you two are getting back together?”

			He frowned. “No. But unfortunately, my mother doesn’t seem ready to accept that hell will have a freak blizzard before I marry Adalyn.”

			She blinked. “Well.”

			“So will you help me, Nadia?” he pressed, moving forward, and she just managed to check the urge to backpedal, maintaining the space between them.

			She needed that distance, required it. Otherwise his sandalwood and mint fragrance would wrap around her and influence her to do foolish things. Like bury her face against his chest. She’d fought that same impulse in the longest elevator ride known to mankind. And had barely won the battle. She wasn’t pushing her luck in this office.

			Again, she shook her head. “I still don’t understand. This must be a one-percenter thing, because normal, poor people don’t do this. Why not just tell your mother that you’re not interested?”

			Something flashed in his mismatched eyes. Before he said a flat, blunt and enigmatic “Right now it’s not an option,” she’d known he wouldn’t reveal anything to her.

			Turnabout was fair play, she guessed. After all, she’d dodged his question about why she hadn’t admitted to knowing him. Maybe if he’d been the flirtatious, warmer man she’d been trapped with, she might have felt safe confessing her reasons. But she couldn’t tell this cold, guarded version of Grayson that she’d selfishly wanted a night for herself, that he’d been her fantasy come to vivid life. That for once she hadn’t considered the consequences. That she didn’t think he would recognize her if their paths crossed again.

			No, she couldn’t share that with this familiar stranger. Would he use that info against her in some way? Fire her? Or worse...mock her?

			“I’m sorry, but I—”

			“Don’t you want to know what saying yes entails?” he interrupted her, his steady gaze assessing. Analyzing. And she didn’t like it at all. “Five hundred thousand dollars. If you agree to be my fiancée for four months, I’ll give you half a million dollars. And another two hundred and fifty thousand after a staged breakup.”

			She gasped, shock pelting her like icy sheets of rain. “Seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars?” she wheezed. “For four months?”

			He shrugged a wide shoulder. “Call the extra quarter of a million bonus pay.” Studying her, he murmured, “So what is your answer, Nadia?”

			Good God, what she could do with all that money. Pay off debt, move to a better neighborhood, splurge a little for both Ezra and herself, have actual savings. To a successful business tycoon and billionaire like Grayson, seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars might be pocket change, but to her? To Ezra? It meant a complete change in circumstances, in lifestyle. Hell, in life.

			But who would believe you two are a couple? Even his mother refused to accept it.

			The soft, scoffing whisper ghosted across her mind, and she felt the lash of truth.

			Grayson was a Chandler. They were American royalty, like the Rockefellers or the Kennedys, possibly richer and with a more sterling reputation. A woman from a tiny, obscure Georgia town who was the daughter of the town Jezebel and didn’t even know who her father was didn’t belong with a man who could date his ancestors back beyond the Mayflower.

			He needed someone like his ex—urbane, sophisticated, moneyed, connected, gorgeous...thin. No one looking at Adalyn Hayes would question why they were together. Next to women like Adalyn, Nadia would seem like a deviation, a charity case from the other side of the tracks.

			Then, there was the night they’d spent together. Ducking her head, she crossed her arms over her chest. Both to hide the inconvenient puckering of her nipples at the thought of him naked on top of her...inside her...and a feeble gesture to protect herself from his piercing scrutiny. She couldn’t deny the unrelenting arousal that his presence ignited. Even when he stared at her, cool and calculating, offering three-quarters of a million dollars. Being in close proximity to him for months spelled Danger with a capital D.

			He would be a menace to her reason, her control and, as much as she loathed admitting it, her heart. That treacherous heart that insisted on forgetting that rich, handsome men expected the world, and when they didn’t receive it, left wreckage behind.

			She refused to be wreckage for anyone else again. Ever.

			“Your offer—” bribe “—is generous, but I’m going to turn it down.”

			Though his expression remained passive, his eyes glinted with anger. “Why?” He slowly perused her from head to toe, and she ordered herself not to fidget as he regarded her thrift store suit made for a woman a little bigger than her own size sixteen and shoes that weren’t fashion forward but comfortable. With a growing man-child under her roof and the bills to match, the shoes weren’t only all she could afford, but they were also her armor. And damn Grayson Chandler for causing a sliver of embarrassment to slide between her ribs.

			“You don’t need the money?” he asked.

			Bastard. “No, because I’m not a whore,” she ground out.

			He arched an eyebrow. “I don’t believe I mentioned sex being included in our arrangement.”

			Of course he hadn’t. Heat rushed up her neck and poured into her cheeks. The night of the blackout had been an aberration for him. He might have professed to admire—no, adore—her curves then, but today, except for that insulting scan down her body, his gaze hadn’t wavered from her face. She hadn’t glimpsed so much as a glimmer of desire in his eyes. Frustration, yes. Anger, oh, plenty of it. But not the need that had flared so brightly in his gaze less than two days ago.

			Like she’d said, an aberration.

			Though mortification singed her face, she hiked her chin. “You’re right, you didn’t. But there’s more than one way a woman can prostitute herself,” she said. Her company. Her pride. Her soul. “And sorry, but I’m not willing to do it. So, if that’s all...”

			“Do you want more money? Is that it?” he pressed.

			Fury mingled with her humiliation, and both loosened her tongue. “You’re my employer, as you pointed out earlier. When you roped me into that scene downstairs, it wasn’t like I could’ve disagreed with you and not feel like I was jeopardizing my job. But now that you’ve assured me that you won’t fire me, I feel very safe in saying, Hell. No.” She pasted a fake, too-bright smile on her face. “Now, if that’s all...” she repeated.

			Not waiting for him to dismiss her, she pivoted on her chunky heels and exited his office. Gratefully, Mr. Webber had meetings for most of the day and didn’t ask her about hers with Grayson. And she didn’t volunteer any information. By the time she clocked out for the day nine hours later, her head throbbed with a low-grade headache. A couple of aspirin, a glass of wine and a bed with a Netflix series called her name. They were the only things that could possibly salvage this day.

			Just as she exited the elevator and stepped into the almost deserted lobby, her cell phone rang. She smiled, already knowing who waited on the other end.

			“I’m leaving now,” she said to her brother in lieu of a greeting. “And I’m cooking spaghetti and meatballs,” she added since one of his favorite questions was “What are we having for dinner?”

			Ezra laughed, and she could clearly picture his wide, easygoing grin and sparkling dark eyes. From his laid-back and affable manner, no one would guess they had grown up in the same house with the same neglectful mother. Or that he’d seen things in his seventeen years that no child should.

			Though they shared a mother, it was anyone’s guess who his father was, just as Nadia would have a better chance of winning the lottery than finding out the identity of hers. She and Ezra had the same brown eyes and facial features from their Caucasian mom. But where Nadia’s lighter, caramel skin and loose curls and waves hinted at a father with Spanish or even biracial heritage, Ezra’s darker tone and tighter curls that he’d twisted into locs denoted an African-American or Afro-Latino father. Didn’t matter to Nadia. He was her brother, bonded by blood and experience.

			She loved him as if she’d birthed him herself. And protected him just as fiercely.

			“See? I wasn’t even calling you about that, but it’s good to know.” He laughed again, and she grinned. “I couldn’t wait until you got home. I had to call you now.”

			Nadia halted midstride across the lobby, pausing in front of the security desk. Nerves tumbled and tugged in her stomach, her fingers tightening around the phone.

			“What is it?” she breathed.

			“I got in!” Ezra crowed, his excited shout blasting in her eardrum. “I got into Yale!”

			“Oh, my God!” she shouted before quickly remembering where she was. The evening shift guard quirked an eyebrow at her, and she jabbed a finger at the cell she still held at her ear. “He was accepted into Yale!” she explained as way of apology, and at only a slightly lower volume. The guard mouthed congratulations, and she gave him a thumbs-up.

			“Who are you talking to?” Ezra teased. “Please tell me you didn’t just tell a complete stranger that your little brother was accepted into college?”

			“Not a total stranger,” she scoffed. Then she chuckled. “Okay, kind of one. But he’s happy for you, too. Ezra,” she whispered, pride, joy and such an immense surge of love swelling inside her. “I’m so happy for you. So damn proud. You’ll be the first in our family to attend college. And not just any college. Yale.”

			“You should’ve been the first, Nadia,” he said, loyal to the end. “You’re brilliant and could’ve easily gotten into any school you wanted. But instead you stayed at home. Because of me.”

			Blinking against the sudden sting of tears, she waved a hand in front of her face and battled back the moisture. She continued out of the building and stopped on the sidewalk. Closing her eyes, she tilted her face up to the gray-and-purple sky that still contained the last rays of sun. Yes, she’d sacrificed her dreams of a degree in nursing for him, but she’d never regretted it.

			“And I’d do it again,” she murmured. “Now,” she cleared her throat of the emotion clogging it. “Spill. Give me everything.”

			He read the acceptance letter, delight coloring every word, his normally relaxed voice pitched high with exhilaration. “And, Nadia, they awarded me a partial scholarship!”

			“That’s amazing!” But worry sank its fangs into her delight, poisoning it. Partial scholarship. The annual tuition for Yale was almost fifty thousand dollars. When he’d first applied, they’d been counting on him receiving a full ride. With his grades, it was possible. But even with the help of the aid he was receiving, she still had to come up with twenty-five thousand.

			And she couldn’t help him. When Nadia had been eighteen, she’d tried to get a car loan only to discover that her mother had been using her name and social security number for everything from bills to credit cards for years. If Nadia applied for loans on his behalf, and on the off chance received them, the interest rate would be so high, she would be repaying that loan even after she died. And she hated for Ezra to incur debt even before he graduated college. Jesus. They were barely making ends meet as it was. And tuition didn’t include books, food and other necessities...

			“That’s okay, sis,” Ezra said, as if reading her mind. “It’s just an honor to be accepted. I understand if we can’t afford for me to go. There are plenty of great colleges here in Chicago. And—”

			“Ezra.” She broke in on his sweet but heartbreaking speech. “No, stop it. You’re going to Yale. I’ll come up with the money.”

			“But how, Nadia?” he demanded, the stubborn nature they both shared making its appearance. “If you’d just let me apply for loans...”

			“No,” she said, adamant. His young life shouldn’t begin choked by debt that would take decades to pay off. “I’ll handle it, okay? I don’t want you to worry. You should be celebrating right now! So forget spaghetti. When I get home, I’m treating you to a deep dish at Pequod’s. Be ready,” she ordered. “And I mean it, Ezra. I’m proud of you. Congratulations.”

			“Thanks, sis.” He coughed, cleared his throat. “And I love you.”

			She gasped even as tears stung her eyes again. This time she let a few tears roll before carefully wiping them away. “Good God! Did the zombie apocalypse hit and nobody told me? You actually said the L word!”

			He sighed. “And you wonder why you don’t have dates. You insist on talking.”

			She loosed a loud bark of laughter, startling the couple walking past her. Their pace kicked up a notch. “Oh, you’re going to pay for that one. Don’t be surprised when you wake up one morning eyebrowless.”

			With his chuckling still traveling through their connection, she hung up. As her arm dropped to her side, her hilarity ebbed, then disappeared, allowing entrance for reality and the dread accompanying it.

			Only one option would completely cover Ezra’s tuition and expenses.

			Dropping her phone in her purse, she turned and headed back inside. All the way to the elevators and then the ride to the twenty-fifth floor, she reminded herself why she couldn’t turn tail and run in the opposite direction. She conjured images of Ezra—as a gap-toothed six-year-old with a mess of unruly curls; at eleven, wide-eyed and big for his age on his first day of middle school; at fifteen, when he walked into her bedroom, clutching the ragged piece of notebook paper their mother had left behind explaining how she’d moved on with her new man.

			Nadia’s little brother had experienced too much—suffered too much—to not receive everything life had to offer.

			She stepped off the elevator and retraced the path she’d taken that morning beside Grayson Chandler. His assistant’s desk loomed large and empty, so she strode to the closed double doors of his office and knocked. Maybe he’d already left for the day, too. God, she hated the thought of having to do this all over again tomorrow...

			“Come in.”

			The deep, commanding timbre reached her through the doors, and she couldn’t contain her shiver. Not fear or revulsion. Far from it. It was a dark, wicked sensation that knotted her belly even as it pooled low beneath her navel.

			Oh, for the love of...

			She had to get it together before she walked into this office and committed a cardinal sin. Like throw herself at his feet and beg him to touch her, make her explode under his knowing fingers, brand her with his mouth and his...

			You’re here for one reason alone. Ezra.

			With those words ringing in her head, she twisted the knob and entered the lion’s den.

			Grayson sat behind his desk, his focus on the computer monitor. A small frown creased his brow, but nothing could detract from his almost overwhelming masculine beauty. Trepidation struck her again, full force in the chest. How could she ever hope to pull this off? What made her think she could go through with this or that people would believe it?

			He glanced up, noticed her standing in the doorway and the V of his eyebrows deepened. “Nadia?” He rose from his chair. “What’s wrong?”

			“Wrong? Nothing.”

			But he’d already circled his desk and stalked across the office toward her. The predatory stride did something totally inappropriate to her lungs and her sex. As if the two were mystically joined, and Grayson’s sexual magnetism had flipped the switch to activate the connection.

			She shook her head, closing the door behind her. “Really, nothing’s wrong. I just...” She exhaled a hard breath, and he drew to a halt inches away, his disconcerting and too-damn-perceptive gaze roaming over her face. “I wanted...”

			“You’ve changed your mind,” he finished for her, his stare hooded, full lips absent of the gloating smile she’d expected. Instead, his face remained an inscrutable mask that revealed none of his thoughts.

			Again she asked herself, who was Grayson Chandler? And the fact that she couldn’t pin the answer down unnerved her.

			“Why?” he asked.

			“Does it matter?” she replied. Going through with this charade meant giving him access to her time, her personal space and even her body if they were to pretend to be a loving couple. She had to shield some parts of herself from him. And her life with her brother was one of those parts. Grayson couldn’t have that. “Is the offer still open?”

			He didn’t immediately answer but continued to scrutinize her as if she were a column of profits and losses that refused to reconcile. She wasn’t, though. She was just a desperate woman willing to sacrifice her pride for the one she loved, but not her soul.

			Not her heart.

			Never that.

			He crossed his arms over his wide chest. “It is. Are you sure you want to do this, Nadia? Are you sure you can handle all it entails?”

			“Yes.”

			No. Hell no.

			“I’ll pretend to be your fiancée for four months, and at the end we break up. Money exchanged. We resume being employer, employee.” Although, how she was supposed to return to being a random secretary instead of “the boss’s ex-girlfriend” she had no clue. It seemed unrealistic to think everything could go back to normal, but she’d cross that bridge when she came to it. Maybe while she played fiancée, she would also search for another job. “What wouldn’t I be able to ‘handle’?”

			“Since it’s my parents and Adalyn that we’re trying to convince, that means attending dinner parties, galas and other social events. It means bearing the brunt of the scrutiny and attention and not wavering. It means...” His voice lowered, and she tightened her thighs against the pull deep inside. “It means not flinching when I put my hands on you. It means moving into my touch, making every photographer and media outlet believe you want it—my touch, my lips. Make them believe you want me. Can you do that?”

			Could she do that? Pretending to want him wasn’t hard. The most difficult part would be keeping him from knowing how much she craved him.

			No, the most difficult part would be guarding her heart so it didn’t mistake fiction for fact, desire for affection.

			She’d made that mistake once. Had let herself forget that most rich men only crossed the tracks for one thing. Women like Nadia were good for dirty little secrets, but not to openly court, not to marry. For a moment, she believed that rule hadn’t applied to her, but she’d been cruelly reminded.

			She’d never forget again.

			But dammit, why did he have to describe what he expected in detail? Now she couldn’t evict the images of him lowering his head to nuzzle her throat or brush her mouth with those beautiful lips.

			“I can do it,” she said, forcing a firmness into her voice that was more bravado than certainty. “Can you?” She’d asked it in jest, in challenge, but underneath, she truly needed to know.

			“Can I convince anyone that I’m hungry for you? Can I make people believe that I might be holding your hand, but I’m five seconds away from dragging you over to the nearest flat surface and making you come until we’re both sweating and shaking?” A tight smile barely curved his lips. “Yes, Nadia, I can do it.”

			Oh. Damn. His words seemed to seep into the air, burrow into the walls, camp out on the furniture of his sitting area. They inhabited the room, inhabited her, so she breathed them, wallowed in them, drowned in them.

			“Promise me one thing,” he murmured, his blue and green eyes shadowed, his jaw like stone. “Don’t fall in love with me.”

			She blinked. Then laughed, the sound hard, strangled. “Well don’t you think highly of yourself.” Was he serious? Fort Knox had nothing on the fortress hiding her heart. “I don’t think that will be a problem.”

			“Good,” he said, still in that soft tone with the underlying thread of steel. “Because I don’t want to hurt you. Do you make my dick hard? Yes. But that’s where it begins and ends. I don’t want a relationship. So don’t let me hurt you, Nadia. Protect yourself from me.”

			Her breath caught in her throat. She made him hard. That wasn’t anything special. He wanted her to remember her place and stay in it. To not have delusions of grandeur where he was concerned. Contrary to the fantasy fairy tales peddled, princes didn’t fall for scullery maids.

			Fine with her. She didn’t believe in princes and their false professions of love anyway.

			“Like I said, that won’t be a problem,” she assured him. “And since we’re setting boundaries and rules. I have two.” She ticked up a finger. “One. As you mentioned earlier, sex isn’t on the table. Which I’m fine with.” The low thrum between her legs sent up a plaintive Are we really, though? Ignoring her traitorous and greedy body, she continued, “But that means it’s off the menu with everyone else, too. I refuse to be a pathetic side piece in the public’s eye.” Been there, done that. No thank you on a repeat. A scowl darkened Grayson’s face, but again, she moved on. “And two, at the end of the four months, I break up with you.” She paused. “That’s a deal breaker.”

			She didn’t go into why it was important to her that she be the one to end this relationship, fake or not. Redemption, maybe. Or pride. It was one thing to look like Cinderella with Prince Charming. It was another thing to be dumped by Prince Charming and return to the cinders and ashes.

			The scowl eased and something uncomfortably close to understanding darkened his eyes. She fought not to squirm or, worse, explain herself.

			Finally, he nodded. “Human Resources has your banking information, so I’ll transfer five hundred thousand there from my personal account tomorrow.”

			“No.” She shook her head. “I only want two hundred and fifty thousand.” Just enough to cover all four years of Ezra’s tuition and a little extra for incidentals.

			Once more, displeasure creased his brow. “The agreement was for half a million now and an additional quarter million when the four months were up.”

			“No, we didn’t agree on that because I turned down the original offer. The terms of our new arrangement are two hundred and fifty,” she argued.

			“Who in the hell turns down that much money for a lesser amount?”

			“That would be me. Take it or leave it.” When she walked away from this it wouldn’t be feeling like a gold digger. She stretched her arm out toward him. “Deal?”

			He studied her palm before closing the distance and enfolding his big hand around hers. It was just her hand but, God, she felt...surrounded. That small gesture reminded her of how he’d wrapped his larger frame around her body, holding her tight as he thrust inside her with care and ferocity.

			“Deal.”

			Why did that one word sound like a warning?

			A hard squeeze of her fingers shattered her thoughts, and she glanced from their connected hands to his hooded, sensual gaze. “You have secrets, Nadia Jordan. And I’m going to enjoy uncovering each and every one of them.”

			Now that was definitely a warning. She jerked her hand away from his, not caring how he interpreted the action. Pride demanded she deliver some pithy remark and casually stroll out of the office. But self-preservation... Well it screamed louder than pride at the moment.

			With a jerky nod of her head, she wheeled around and damn near charged out the doors, not daring to look back.

			Best not to tempt fate...or her shaky resolve.





Seven


			The ballet.

			She was going to the freaking ballet.

			Standing in front of her small closet, Nadia squeezed her eyes shut, pinching the bridge of her nose. She counted to ten and once more surveyed the contents. Jeans, shirts, blouses, skirts and a couple of dresses—all clothes suitable for work and casual time outside of the office. But nothing in the cramped mess came within even centimeters of appropriate fashion for the ballet.

			God, every time she said it aloud or in her head, her stomach rolled and pitched like a ship in a storm. Unless she could count the number of times she’d watched Fame—and honestly, did that even count?—she’d never been interested. But apparently not only did the elite of Chicago attend ballets, they hosted parties before them.

			When Nadia had decided to take part in this relationship charade, she’d figured on having at least a few days to become accustomed to the idea that her life wouldn’t be hers for the next four months. But no, Grayson had called the following morning—this morning—to inform her they were attending a pre-ballet cocktail party at his parents’ house.

			God, what had she been thinking to agree to this?

			Ezra needs to go to college debt-free.

			Right. If she kept repeating that to herself, maybe she could make it through this evening and the long ones ahead of her.

			Sighing, she reached inside the closet and withdrew her black “any-do” dress. The dress that would do for any occasion whether it was a wedding or funeral. Holding it up, she peered at the modest neckline, cap sleeves and knee-length hem. Simple and perfectly respectable.

			Perfectly boring.

			Well, there wasn’t anything she could do about it. Unfortunately, her budget didn’t allow for a shopping spree on the Magnificent Mile. Tossing the dress on her bed, she bundled her hair on top of her head and glanced at her watch before slipping it off and setting it onto the bedside dresser.

			Five thirty. She had an hour and a half before Grayson picked her up. Between now and then, she had to shower, put on makeup and get dressed. She would definitely be cutting it close, but—

			The loud, obnoxious buzz of the doorbell interrupted her thoughts. Frowning, she hesitated before treading out of her bedroom and down the hall. Who could that be? Ezra had travel ball and wouldn’t be home until after nine. And other than his friends, no one else would drop by unannounced.

			Because she no longer lived in Tatumville, she peeked out the small window bracketing the front door. A beautiful woman in a perfectly tailored forest green pantsuit stood on the doorstep. Confusion and curiosity warred as Nadia opened the door.

			“Can I help you?” Nadia asked.

			The woman, who appeared to be several years older than Nadia, smiled, and a sense of familiarity niggled at her. Did she work for KayCee Corp? Is that where Nadia had seen her? Had to be. It was doubtful Nadia would’ve met this woman of obvious sophistication and wealth at one of Ezra’s ball games or at the neighborhood supermarket.

			“Nadia Jordan?” she greeted.

			“Yes.” Nadia nodded, arching an eyebrow. “And you are?”

			“Melanie Chandler. Gray’s sister.” She dipped her head in the direction of the tiny foyer behind Nadia. “May I come in?”

			“Oh. Um, sure.” Though a barrage of questions pinged off her skull, she stepped back, granting Melanie entrance. “I’m sorry if I forgot that you were coming over. I don’t remember Grayson mentioning—”

			Melanie arched an elegant eyebrow, and in that moment, she looked so much like Grayson, Nadia wondered how she hadn’t immediately guessed her identity. Though Melanie’s eyes were sky blue, she and Grayson shared the same strong facial features and confident bearing.

			“Why am I not surprised?” Melanie shook her head, then glancing over her shoulder, waved at someone behind her. “In here, Pete.”

			In moments, an older man with white hair, dressed in a black suit, strode up Nadia’s short, narrow walk. He carried several garment bags and a smaller case. With a smile in Nadia’s direction, he entered her home and stood next to Melanie. Her small foyer suddenly seemed tinier and shabbier with these two in it.

			“Where should I put this, ma’am?” Pete asked Nadia.

			“I don’t know what ‘this’ is,” she said, flustered and a little annoyed at the sense of being ambushed. “Anyone want to tell me?”

			Melanie sighed then crossed her arms. “Let me guess, Gray not only didn’t mention my arriving, but also didn’t mention that he instructed me to bring over several dresses for you to choose from for tonight?” Nadia’s expression must’ve reflected the icy punch of shock ricocheting through her because Melanie huffed out a bark of laughter. “Well this is...awkward. Why wouldn’t he tell you since he asked me to come by?”

			“Probably because he knew I would’ve told him I’m not a paper doll that needs to be dressed since I’ve been doing it quite well on my own for all these years,” Nadia gritted out from between clenched teeth.

			Mortification seared her, probably branding her cheeks a neon shade of red. Yes, she wasn’t wealthy, but dammit, she wasn’t a charity case, either. He’d asked her to go along with this charade. And now having his own sister show up on her doorstep with clothes because obviously what Nadia had to wear wasn’t good enough... He might as well as have said she wasn’t good enough.

			Face still burning, she straightened her shoulders and met the other woman’s gaze. “This is really nice, but not necessary.”

			“Wait, before you toss us out of your house—which you’re well within your rights to do,” Melanie said, holding up a hand. “I realize my brother’s method might bear all the sensitivity of a goat, but his heart is in the right place. You’re someone he cares about, and he wants to make sure you’re comfortable and confident tonight. While you are a beautiful woman, and I can see why he’s so taken with you, a gorgeous dress never hurts. Besides... You haven’t seen the shoes, Nadia.” Melania smiled, an almost avaricious glint in her gaze. “The. Shoes.”

			In spite of the lingering hurt and embarrassment, Nadia laughed. Melanie didn’t appear to be covered in the same condescending ice as her mother, and she didn’t deserve Nadia’s anger.

			Capitulating, Nadia waved toward the small living room. “These better be some shoes,” she muttered.

			Pete walked ahead of them carrying the small pile of luggage, and Melanie looped her arm through Nadia’s.

			“One thing you’ll learn about me really quick. I don’t kid about stocks, world peace or footwear.”

			Chuckling, Nadia let herself be led forward.

			An hour later, she stood in front of the cheval mirror in her bedroom. And stared.

			This can’t be me.

			She lifted her arm, about to press trembling fingers to the glass, but at the last minute, she aborted the gesture. Sheepish, she glanced over her shoulder to see if Melanie had seen the foolish move, but the other woman was busy packing up her makeup case. Returning her attention to the mirror, Nadia again gaped at the woman gazing back at her.

			Though she’d initially been upset with Grayson for his high-handed tactics, now she...

			Oh hell, she felt like freaking Cinderella.

			Instead of hiding her abundant curves, the deep silver dress accentuated them. The boat neck flowed into a formfitting top that glided over her breasts and stomach. The rich satin skirt gathered at her waist before falling in stunning draping to the floor. Melanie had parted her hair down the middle and then gathered the thick strands into a bun low in the back. The pointed toe of stilettoes sprinkled with twinkling rhinestones peeked out from under the dress’s hem. Diamond studs that’d had Nadia nearly hyperventilating graced her ears and an impossibly thin silver necklace with a diamond nestled in the dip of her throat encircled her neck.

			Forget Cinderella. She looked like a goddess.

			It both delighted and terrified her.

			Yes, in this attire she might look like she belonged more than she would’ve in her black wedding/funeral dress. But no dress, shoes or jewelry could change the fact that she didn’t.

			A wave of panic blindsided her, and she pressed a palm to her chest. What if she humiliated herself and Grayson? She didn’t know how to mingle with people who might as well as be from another planet instead of a different part of town.

			From one moment to the next, she was once again standing in her old house in Tatumville with Jared informing her he wouldn’t be escorting her to his parents’ anniversary party because it was doubling as an engagement celebration for him. To the woman worthy enough to wear his last name. Not her. Not Marion Jordan’s daughter. Nadia might be good enough for a secret roll in the sheets, but not to introduce to his family and friends...

			Pain, sharp and bright, sliced into her, and she gasped at the agony of it. Even now, almost two years later, that memory still contained the power to bring her to her knees. Of all the lessons she’d been taught in her life, that one had nearly devastated her.

			It was also the one she could never afford to forget.

			“Nadia?” Melanie’s reflection appeared behind her. Gentle hands cupped Nadia’s shoulders. “Are you okay?”

			“Yes, of course.” Nadia forced a smile to her lips, and in the mirror, it looked as strained as it felt. Turning away from the condemning visual, she faced Grayson’s sister. “Thank you so much for all your help. I can’t believe you worked that much magic in an hour.”

			“Please,” Melanie scoffed, squeezing Nadia’s shoulders before releasing her. “Like I had to do much. You’re gorgeous, Nadia.” Melanie tilted her head to the side, studying her. “I have to confess, when Gray asked me to pick up dresses and shoes he’d chosen and to come over and assist you for tonight, I was curious. It’s a first. You’re obviously different.”

			“I know.” Nadia waved a hand. “I’m poor. Can’t tell a salad fork from a dessert fork. Thick. Come from peasant stock instead of American royalty...”

			“Yes,” Melanie agreed, but with such a matter-of-factness, Nadia couldn’t take offense. “All that is true. But I was thinking, you’re different because my brother gives a damn. He’s never asked for my help before, and he’s never chosen a woman’s evening gown to my knowledge. The fact that he cares about you being as comfortable as possible makes you...more.” She paused, and the corner of her mouth quirked. “And the salad fork has longer tines but a shorter handle. The dessert fork is the opposite. Shorter tines, longer handle.”

			“Thanks,” Nadia murmured. And not just for the flatware advice. Melanie’s words whirled in Nadia’s head. My brother gives a damn. The fact that he cares about you being as comfortable as possible makes you...more.

			The charade. Grayson needed to make the charade as believable as possible. It was all a part of the act.

			Silently repeating those reminders, she picked up her purse from the bed. Just as she finished fastening the band, the doorbell rang. The knotting of her stomach belied the words tramping through her head. Nerves because of the evening ahead. Nothing else.

			Liar.

			“Here’s your wrap.” Melanie laid a matching length of satin over Nadia’s arm. “And I’ll see you there.” Squeezing Nadia’s hand, Melanie disappeared out of the bedroom.

			Dimly, Nadia heard Melanie greet Grayson, and though Nadia’s mind ordered her to get going, her feet refused to cooperate. Closing her eyes, she inhaled several deep breaths. She could do this. For Ezra, she could do anything, face anything. Even the cliquish, Chicago social elite—and Grayson’s mother.

			With an image of her brother walking across Yale’s illustrious campus planted firmly in her mind, she exited the bedroom and strode down the short hallway toward the front door.

			Grayson stood with his hands in the pockets of his pants, his back to her. But maybe he heard her carpet-muffled footsteps or caught the frantic slamming of her heart against her ribcage... Either one, he turned and faced her.

			And God, did he look amazing.

			The perfect American prince in a tapered black suit that practically worshipped his tall frame. A stark white shirt emphasized the golden tones of his skin, while a light blue-and-gray pinstriped tie that appeared to be silk even to her untrained eye, drew attention to the hard wall of his chest. A pocket square of the same pattern and color as the tie peeped out of his jacket and a gold, black-faced watch adorned his right wrist.

			She’d encircled her fingers around that strong wrist as his full mouth had sexed hers. She’d stroked that chest. Brushed her lips across it while he’d plunged into her over and over again. Faint twinges of pleasure echoed deep and high in her body.

			Fake fiancée. No sex. Ezra’s tuition money.

			Drawing in a breath, she halted several feet away from him.

			“Well, I’m ready,” she needlessly announced, running her palms down her thighs in a nervous gesture she regretted revealing. She raised her gaze to Grayson’s and resisted the urge to fidget. She waited as his hooded, blue-and-green inspection swept over her from the middle part of her hair to the jeweled toe of her shoe. After an insurmountable amount of time—okay, seconds—his scrutiny returned to her face. His expression remained as neutral as ever, but his eyes...

			The minimal amount of air left in her lungs made a break for it. Driven away by the gleam lighting his stare like flashes of dry heat. That was...good.

			Good for the pretense. To help convince people that he did indeed find her attractive.

			But, oh God, not so good for her resolve to remain distant. When he looked at her like that—she nervously fingered the small diamond pendant at her throat. When he looked at her like that, he almost made her believe, too.

			And that was dangerous.

			“You are stunning,” he stated, and the flinty tone contradicted the blaze in his eyes that had flames dancing along all her exposed skin. He withdrew his hands from his pocket and approached her. She almost dipped her head. Anything rather than study the careless sensuality in his confident prowl. “Here.” He extended his palm toward her, and in the middle sat a small, black box. “I can’t have my fiancée showing up at our first public event without her ring.” His lips curled in a sardonic twist as he lifted the lid.

			She should’ve been blown away by the huge, multi-carat diamond nestled in the bed of white satin. The thing could’ve funded a small developing nation. But it left her cold. Probably because it seemed cold. A statement piece, not jewelry lovingly and carefully chosen for a woman he planned to spend the rest of his life with. Or shoot, maybe it was the kind of ring he’d bought Adalyn at one time. If so, that was incredibly sad.

			“Thank you,” she murmured, as he removed the jewelry and slid it on her left ring finger. The rock weighed her hand down, and wasn’t that just apropos? This whole sham of a relationship was an albatross around her neck. “It’s lovely.”

			The half smile deepened, as did the hint of a snarl. “Lovely,” he repeated, rubbing his thumb over the square-cut gem. “Most women would’ve been gushing over a five-carat diamond, but I get a ‘lovely’ from you. Maybe if I told you it was yours to keep after the four months are up, you could manage more enthusiasm,” he said.

			“That isn’t part of our bargain,” she replied, stung by the implication in his admonishment. “And I’m so sorry my response didn’t meet your standards. Should I throw myself at you and squeal with glee? Or maybe get down on my knees in gratefulness.”

			Something dark and...hungry flickered in his eyes, and she stiffened against the spark of need igniting deep inside her, tingling in the tips of breasts, clenching between her legs.

			He shifted forward until a mere breath separated them. Lifting her hand at the same time he lowered his head, he brushed his mouth across the ring, and she barely stifled a groan at the whisper of those full, soft lips she remembered so well ghosting across her skin.

			“When you get down on your knees for me, Nadia, it won’t be out of gratitude,” he said in a silken tone that caressed her flesh even as it triggered every feminine warning in her body. This wasn’t a threat.

			It was a promise.

			“We should go,” she breathed, tugging her hand free.

			For a heart-stopping moment, he didn’t release her, and in that same moment, she didn’t want him to. She wanted him to drag her closer, consume her mouth like he had in that shadowed hallway and possess her, claim her. Mark her.

			But then, he did let her go, and she exhaled. Relieved.

			Or at least that’s what she tried to convince herself she felt as she let him settle her wrap around her shoulders and they headed out of her house.

			Relief.

			Not disappointment.





Eight


			“Prime property, Grayson,” Harold Denson boasted. Grayson gritted his teeth as his father’s friend droned on and on about a deal that must be invested in. Why the other man thought Grayson cared remained a mystery.

			“Ready to be snatched up and developed. I was telling your father about the project, and he told me to talk it over with you since you will soon be stepping up to head Chandler International. I was happy to hear that, and if I must say so, it’s about time, too. That tech business you’ve been fooling around with has been profitable, I’ll give you that. But it isn’t Chandler. Without your brother—”

			“If you’ll excuse us,” Nadia interrupted from beside him. The hand she settled over his chest stemmed the surge of anger strangling him. Between his father obviously announcing to anyone who would listen that Grayson was returning to the family company and the insensitive mention of Jason, he needed space, air, a drink. And to get away from this ass.

			“I’m so sorry to steal Grayson away from you, but he promised me a tour of his childhood home before we leave for the ballet.”

			“Oh, of course! Grayson, show this young lady how the other half lives. Just don’t get lost, you two,” he added with a chuckle and a leer over Nadia’s breasts and hips that had Grayson’s fingers curling into his palm. Older man or not, friend of his father’s or not, the man needed a quick lesson in how to respect women. Especially the woman on Grayson’s arm.

			“Thank you,” Nadia said with a smile. She covered his fist with her other hand, squeezing lightly. “How about we start with the library?”

			“Sure, baby,” Grayson murmured, allowing her to lead him away. The library was in the opposite direction, but at this point, he didn’t care. He just needed to be...away.

			Focusing on the twist at the back of her head, he imagined loosening it and tunneling his fingers through that wealth of thick strands. Just the thought of wrapping them around his wrists and tugging, hearing that low, hungry moan, diverted his attention from the stranglehold of frustration and sadness he’d felt since stepping foot in his parents’ home.

			Jason was everywhere. In the pictures mounted on the mantelpiece over the formal living room’s fireplace. In the framed degrees hanging prominently in the receiving room.

			In the empty space beside their father as he held court with his guests. Everyone knew Jason’s spot had been at Daryl Chandler’s elbow.

			Grayson briefly squeezed his eyes shut, then reopened them, zeroing in on Nadia again as if she were his lodestone. His true north that guided him away from the dark abyss of regrets that just waited for him to slip and plummet into its depths.

			“Here.” Nadia held out a glass of ruby-red wine, her knuckles grazing his chest. “You look like you could use this.”

			“Only if it has a shot of whiskey in it,” he growled, but he sipped the alcohol. Grateful for the private corner she’d found and the distraction of doing something with his hands. Because they would either be wrapped around Harold’s neck or cupping Nadia’s ass. Both would give Grayson immense satisfaction—touching Nadia even more than choking his father’s friend—but both actions would also get him into trouble he didn’t need.

			“Do you really want a tour of the house?”

			“No,” she said, lifting her own glass to her lips.

			He shook his head, raising the wineglass for another sip and studying her over the rim. Part of him desperately wanted—no, needed—to call bullshit. Even Adalyn, who’d been born to a wealthy family had been awed by the Gold Coast greystone mansion. Soaring three stories up, the majestic home had been in his family for four generations. With huge bay and picture windows dotting every floor, stone steps leading up to several entrances and towering peaks, his childhood home resembled a Victorian house deposited in the middle of Chicago.

			But Nadia had strolled past the tall iron gates surrounding the property and the gurgling fountain with just a passing glance. Once inside she hadn’t gaped at the vaulted cathedral ceilings, the grand foyer with the winding staircase, the priceless art decorating the walls or the cavernous rooms with huge fireplaces, antiques and crystal chandeliers. No, Nadia had only given his family’s prosperity and affluence fleeting attention. Just as she’d done with the ring.

			Why her obvious lack of enthusiasm for the piece of jewelry still grated, he didn’t know. Couldn’t explain. It just...did. He peered down at her left hand and the diamond setting that cost more than some people’s yearly salary. When he’d bought the ring, his intention had been to ensure everyone who saw it understood his serious intentions. In his circle—or his parents’ circle—money spoke much louder than words. But Nadia, it seemed, didn’t care about what it said.

			Yes, he wanted her awe. For her to be excited. Or hell, just affected. Because if not, that made her different. And he didn’t trust “different”—it unnerved him. He couldn’t get a handle on it, couldn’t analyze and add it up. It meant she wouldn’t stay in the neat box he’d created for her.

			The last thing he needed was for her to be more than any other woman.

			The last thing he needed was for her to be...different.

			“You didn’t like the ring.”

			Hell. Where had that come from? And yet, he couldn’t stop himself.

			“Why?” he pressed.

			She studied him, her espresso gaze unwavering. “In my experience, rich people wield their money like a weapon. Protecting themselves and those they deem worthy and waging war on everyone else. They arm themselves with money to bring people to heel. When you’ve been on the receiving end of that short leash, how many dollars a person spends on their home, car, clothes and even you, doesn’t matter much.”

			Grayson stared at her, each word an indictment against him, his family, his world. They were all guilty—especially him. Wasn’t he paying her to lie? To pretend to be someone she wasn’t for his benefit?

			He shook his head as if the gesture could rid him of the thought and the unsettling pinpricks of guilt. She could’ve turned him down. Hell, she had, but then had returned to him, accepting the bargain. And it was just that—a bargain. One they both profited from. Just like other women in his past, she wanted money from him. Only this time, he was going in with his eyes wide open. No feelings attached. No fervent promises of love. No commitments.

			It was the most honest transaction he’d ever entered in his life.

			“If money doesn’t matter, then what does?” he drawled, mocking her. “Love? I hate to break it to you, Nadia, but the two are mutually exclusive.”

			“Tell me something,” she murmured, and when he didn’t reply, she continued, “Was that ring for me...or for you?”

			A disdainful response hovered on his tongue, but remained stuck there, something deep inside him refusing to loose the vitriolic words. Instead, he stared down into her upturned face, spying a knowledge in those dark eyes that made him want to remind her of who he was—her employer, the man paying her a quarter of a million dollars, a fucking Chandler...

			He wanted to beg her to stop peering inside him and seeing the secrets, the wounds he zealously guarded.

			“Grayson,” an all-too-familiar voice interrupted his and Nadia’s visual showdown.

			He tore his gaze away from his fake fiancée to meet the green one of his ex-fiancée. Adalyn smiled, and the sultriness in her eyes stirred nothing in him but irritation.

			“I haven’t had a chance to speak to you all evening,” she said.

			“Hello, Adalyn,” he replied, nodding.

			Objectively, he noted the sleek length of her raven hair and her petite figure encased in an off-the-shoulder cocktail dress. Without conscious thought, he compared her to Nadia with her tall, lush body showcased to perfection in the silver dress that had his hands itching all night to touch her. He’d cupped those hips. Dug his fingers in the soft flesh there as he drove into her.

			Because he could—because this charade granted him permission—he slid an arm around Nadia’s lower back and rested his fingers against that enticing curve. Pressing his fingertips into it, melding the present with his vivid memories.

			“You remember Nadia. Nadia Jordan, this is Adalyn Hayes,” he murmured. Turning his attention to his ex, his voice hardened, losing the warmth it’d contained when speaking to Nadia. “Adalyn, Nadia Jordan, my fiancée.”

			Adalyn flicked a look at Nadia and then down at her hand. Unless Adalyn had gone spontaneously blind she couldn’t have missed the diamond on Nadia’s finger. Her mouth flattened briefly before regaining the polite society smile that could mean anything.

			“Yes, I’d heard the news about your sudden engagement. It’s the hot topic of conversation this evening. Congratulations,” Adalyn said, the sweetness in her smile nowhere near the dagger-edge sharpness in her eyes. “How exciting.” She settled a hand on his chest, and it required every bit of his control not to flinch. “I remember holding that title once, as well. Fiancée to Grayson Chandler. The experience was...thrilling,” she added, her tone lowering, as if inviting him to recall the intimate times they’d shared.

			Unable to stand her touch another second, especially with Nadia’s warm body tucked against his, he stepped back. Adalyn’s arm dropped to her side, and he didn’t miss the glint of anger in her gaze.

			“Nadia, right?” Adalyn asked, swinging her attention away from him. But Grayson stiffened, a surge of protectiveness sweeping through him. He’d witnessed Adalyn’s cutting disdain in action. No matter that his and Nadia’s relationship wasn’t real. He wouldn’t allow Adalyn to slice her to pieces with that razor she called a tongue. “I almost didn’t recognize you from the last time we met. Your dress is lovely.” Adalyn tapped a French-tipped finger against her bottom lip, her eyes narrowed. “Is that Michael Kors? I’d heard he’d incorporated a few pieces in his collection for...healthier women.”

			The petty bitch.

			Grayson shifted forward, anger blazing his path. “Adalyn...” he growled.

			“Actually, I’m not certain who the designer is,” Nadia interrupted, wrapping an arm around his back and leaning closer. She chuckled, the sound light, soft and so sweet, he tore his glare away from his ex and glanced down at her. With her head tipped back, she returned his gaze, her lovely mouth curved into a smile that held not just affection, but a sensuality that Adalyn damn sure couldn’t miss. Even knowing her expression was feigned for the other woman’s benefit, his breath snagged in his lungs and his cock stirred, hardening.

			She was—damn, she was dangerous, the smile on that made-for-sex mouth a fully loaded weapon.

			“Can I be honest?” she asked, treating Adalyn as if she were a close friend. “I’m not really into fashion. But thank goodness I have a man who knows me so well, he chooses gowns that I’ll love. Or more importantly, that he loves to see me in.”

			Nadia trailed a finger down his chest, and his shirt might as well as have disintegrated under the teasing caress. He forgot about silently applauding how she deftly fielded Adalyn as fire trailed in the wake of her touch. Not caring how it appeared, he grasped her wrist and lifted her hand to his mouth, brushing a kiss across her fingertips. Surprise flared in her eyes. But so did desire. And the sight of it had an electrical current traveling through his veins.

			Adalyn’s laugh carried an edge, like shattered glass. “Well, isn’t that sweet? And, I apologize if I offended you, Nadia. But can I be honest, as well?” She didn’t wait for Nadia to reply but dipped her head as if about to confide a secret. Again, Grayson fought the urge to step in front of Nadia, to shield her from Adalyn. “I know tonight has probably been a little overwhelming for you, but you’ll have to forgive us our curiosity. This relationship came out of nowhere. Usually, Grayson is constantly in the society columns and gossip sites. But we haven’t seen him with you once. Almost as if he’s been keeping you under wraps. Hiding you.”

			Adalyn’s implication was clear. That he was ashamed of Nadia. His fury returned tenfold, and he couldn’t contain the menacing rumble that rolled out of him. Even Adalyn had the sense to back up a step.

			“You’re right, Adalyn,” he agreed, voice quiet, carrying a warning. “There is nothing ‘usual’ about Nadia. She’s unlike any woman I’ve been with.” He allowed the including you to remain unspoken. “I selfishly wanted to keep her to myself before subjecting her to the BS that goes along with being my wife. She’s that special to me.” Sliding his hand from her hip and up her spine, he cupped her neck, drawing her closer until she rose on her toes. Until her breasts pressed into his side. “Now that you’ve experienced the other side of my life, are you ready to leave me?”

			“Never,” Nadia said in that same teasing lilt, but her eyes... Those dark eyes held all the confusion swirling inside of him over how far he was taking this exhibition of affection.

			“Good,” he murmured. Then brushed his lips over hers.

			But it wasn’t enough.

			That small hit of her taste had him ignoring Adalyn and the roomful of people, including his parents and sister. He returned to Nadia’s mouth for more. For a deeper sampling. To thrust his tongue past her parted lips—whether parted in shock or desire, he didn’t know—and take what his memories wouldn’t let him forget. Reacquaint himself with what his logic assured him couldn’t possibly be as good as he remembered.

			Logic could go fuck itself.

			She was every carnal wish and wicked sin wrapped in beauty and light.

			She was the one to break the kiss. The one who retained a modicum of propriety and restraint. Not him.

			That quick, she’d gone to his head, and he’d gotten drunk on her.

			Goddamn.

			He lifted his head, noticed the stares, heard the murmuring. Adalyn had disappeared at some point during the kiss, but he could almost feel the weight of his parents’ displeasure. In spite of the playboy reputation he bore, he didn’t do this—lose control, make a spectacle of himself—ever.

			This woman. She flayed to pieces every resolve, every vow he’d made. He couldn’t go there with her. Deliberately, he conjured an image of himself a year ago after he’d ended his relationship with Adalyn. How broken he’d been. How disillusioned he’d been. Adalyn hadn’t only cracked his heart down the middle, she’d stolen his ability to trust himself, his judgment.

			His ability to trust, period.

			And Nadia, though she might desire him, she only wanted from him what every other woman did.

			What he could give her.

			He could never lose sight of that.

			Never.

			“Grayson,” Nadia whispered.

			But he couldn’t look at her. Couldn’t meet that gaze. Because, despite the reminders of why he had to tread carefully with her—with himself—if he glimpsed desire in those beautiful eyes, he might seek out the nearest room with a door and lock. And damn the consequences, he would lay her out and take everything she would offer him. Then demand more.

			“We should get ready to leave for the ballet,” he said, grasping her elbow and leading her toward the living room entrance.

			He had to reestablish the grounds of their arrangement.

			This relationship was fake. It had an expiration date.

			Nadia Jordan was his end game.

			She could be nothing else.





Nine


			“Mr. Chandler, your father is here to see you,” Mrs. Ross announced on the other end of the line. “He doesn’t have an appointment, sir.”

			A faint spurt of humor echoed through him at his assistant’s reminder that was more directed at his father than him. Her disapproval hummed beneath the cool tone, but it would be lost on Daryl Chandler. He was the kind of man people shuffled their schedules for. The kind of man who demanded it.

			Leaning back in his office chair, Grayson closed his eyes, pinching the bridge of his nose. Sadly, he wasn’t shocked at this visit. Well, correction. He was surprised his father stood on the other side of his office door instead of his mother. After the performance Grayson and Nadia had put on at the cocktail party three nights ago, he’d expected this “intervention.”

			“You can send him in, Mrs. Ross,” he said, setting the phone down.

			He rose and rounded the desk, standing in front of it. Preparing himself. That he braced himself as if readying for battle spoke volumes about his relationship with his father.

			Seconds later, his office door opened and Daryl Chandler strode through as if his name was engraved on the gold plate instead of Grayson’s.

			To Grayson, his father had always been bigger than life. He’d inherited his height and big, wide-shouldered frame from Daryl Chandler—a throwback to the ancestors who had worked the railroads instead of owning them—and though his father probably wouldn’t easily admit it, Grayson had inherited his business acumen, too. But ever since he’d been born with a defect—his different-colored eyes—Grayson had been flawed and second best with his father.

			There’d been a time when Grayson had lived up to his father’s opinion. Like when, as a teen, he’d decided to have an impromptu party on his father’s yacht. Or when he’d been caught smoking weed on the private school grounds. But those stunts were in the distant past. Over the years, he’d proven he could control not only himself, but his life, and run a successful company.

			None of that seemed to matter to his father, though.

			When would it cease mattering to Grayson?

			“Good morning, Dad. This is a surprise.”

			His father arched a still-dark eyebrow. “Somehow I doubt that, Grayson.” He lifted an arm and waved it toward Grayson’s desk. And for the first time, he noticed the manila folder in his father’s hand. “I won’t make this long.”

			“Of course.” Curiosity and a weighty sense of foreboding expanded inside Grayson’s chest. This was the first time since he and Gideon founded KayCee Corp that his father had visited the offices. This one didn’t bode well.

			He led Daryl to the two armchairs in front of his desk. He lowered into one and waited for his father to settle. A steely pair of green eyes studied him, but Grayson wasn’t that rebellious teen anymore. He was a thirty-year-old man who’d matured, carved out his own future and lived on his own terms. If his father waited for him to squirm, he might need to cancel his meetings. Wasn’t going to happen.

			“I believe you can guess why I’m here,” Daryl began, resting the folder on his thigh. Grayson tried not to stare at it, but at this moment, the innocuous light brown file loomed like the real threat in the room. “After that...undignified display the other night, your mother and I thought it best if I paid you a visit.”

			Undignified display? To what did he refer? His engagement? Or the kiss? “I’m afraid you’re going to have to be more specific, Dad. I attended as Mother requested with my fiancée. Which part offended you?”

			Daryl scoffed, irritation flashing in his eyes. “Take your pick, Grayson. Showing up with that woman. Springing this joke of an engagement on both of us and making us accessories to it because you knew we wouldn’t cause a scene in front of all our friends.”

			Though anger tightened his gut, Grayson propped his elbows on the arms of his chair and templed his fingers beneath his chin. “An accessory?” He snorted. “You make my relationship sound like a crime. Which, I suppose you see it as one. Still, the time when I had to bring the woman I’m seeing by for approval has long since passed—if it ever existed.” He shook his head. “I will apologize for not letting you and Mother know about the engagement in a more private setting, though. It hadn’t been my intention to embarrass you.”

			Just waylay any more matchmaking attempts by his mother.

			His father waved aside the apology with a flick of his hand, dismissing it. “Considering the number of women you run through, all captured by those unseemly gossip sites, we’re thankful you haven’t brought them to our home.” The barb struck true, no doubt as Daryl had intended. But Grayson refused to let him see the effect. “But when you contemplate giving a woman our last name and bringing her into our family, she certainly requires our approval. And this Nadia Jordan does not meet the standards of anyone who will be a Chandler. Not even remotely.” His father picked up the envelope and extended it toward him. “Take it, Grayson. Read it.”

			Though he wanted to tell his father to forget it, Grayson reluctantly accepted it. Knowledge meant power. And though his and Nadia’s relationship was fake, he would protect her, shield her from his parents, if need be.

			He opened the folder and removed the thin sheaf of papers, scanning the top sheet. An investigative report on one Nadia A. Jordan. Surprise reverberated through him, discordant and ugly. Well, hadn’t his parents been busy?

			Several minutes later, he lifted his head and met his father’s gaze, hardening his expression into a mask that he hoped revealed none of the thoughts whirling through his head. Father unknown. Neglectful mother with a reputation that must’ve made being her daughter a nightmare. Arrested for shoplifting. No college education. Wrecked credit.

			His parents would read this report and see a poor, uneducated woman from nowhere trying to get her greedy hooks into their son.

			Grayson saw a woman, who in spite of the kicks and punches life had thrown, had risen every time to not just continue, but to thrive. A life that might have bent her, but from the passion and defiance she’d shown him, hadn’t broken her.

			He saw a survivor.

			“Is this supposed to change my mind?” he asked, tossing the report onto his desk. “So, she wasn’t born with a building named after her family? That doesn’t make her unworthy to wear the illustrious Chandler name,” he drawled.

			Red surged into his father’s face, the only sign of his rising temper. “You’re damn right that makes her unworthy. If you want to screw her, fine. But marry her? A thief? And from that GED, a high school dropout? The daughter of a whore? And God only knows if she falls far from the tree. No, Grayson. Marriage to her is out of the question.”

			“You want to stop right there, Dad,” Grayson said, voice flat. A tone he’d never used with his father before. He had no intention of marrying Nadia, which made this whole discussion moot. But no way in hell would he allow his father to denigrate her. As if she were something on the bottom of his shoe. “You have your opinion of Nadia, but you don’t get to talk about her like that to me. Ever.” He struggled to remain respectful, but if it’d been anyone else but Daryl Chandler uttering these insults, they would’ve been picking themselves up off the floor.

			Again. His anger made no sense.

			But it didn’t have to.

			“This is what I’m talking about, Grayson,” Daryl snapped, shooting to his feet. He paced away from Grayson, who also stood. “I can see why some of her... charms would grab your attention. But stop thinking with your dick,” he growled, striding back toward Grayson and halting in front of him. “This is about more than you, it’s about family, about loyalty, about living up to the Chandler name and all that it entails instead of dragging it down as you seem intent on doing.”

			How? By living when Jason didn’t?

			The question clanged in his head like the rattling of a ghost. A ghost that refused to be exorcised.

			“So forget my own happiness, my own future?” he asked quietly, now referring to more than Nadia. To his company, to making his own choices, to living an existence out from under the smothering burden of a legacy he hadn’t asked for. “How much do you expect me to sacrifice?”

			“Whatever it takes,” his father shot back. Inhaling a deep breath, he shoved his hands into the front pockets of his gray suit, visibly calming himself. “We all sacrifice, Grayson. Particularly now that Jason...” He cleared his throat, his gaze briefly shooting to the floor-to-ceiling window behind Grayson. When he returned his regard to Grayson, his eyes reflected none of the emotion that had wrapped around Jason’s name. “I can’t helm Chandler International forever, nor do I want to. It’s a birthright passed down from father to son, and it is now your turn, your privilege, your destiny to lead and build it into even more than I have.

			“And you need the right woman at your side. The right woman, Grayson. And as high-handed as your mother might be, she’s right. Adalyn is a perfect choice. She’s from an exceptional family, has been educated at the finest schools, is beautiful and knows our world. Also, her father and I are in the middle of discussing a very lucrative business deal. It would mean expanding both Chandler International and The Hayes Group into a power to be reckoned with in the national and global financial markets. I’d prefer not to anger Thad Hayes by having my son rebuff his daughter, which would result in the failure of this venture.”

			“Now who’s the whore, Dad? You want me to pimp myself out for a company expansion,” Grayson growled.

			“I want you to do what’s right,” Daryl snapped. “It’s not like you and Adalyn aren’t compatible. You were engaged before, so there’s no need for the theatrics.”

			“Were,” Grayson ground out. “And there’s a very good reason why I didn’t go through with it.”

			His father shook his head. Pulling his hand free of his pants pocket, he glanced down at his watch. “I have to go. But get rid of the girl, Grayson. And start courting Adalyn. If you must be photographed like a common reality TV star, then it should be with her, not a plaything. And,” he narrowed his eyes on him, “I expect you to attend the next Chandler board meeting. The directors need to understand that you will be stepping in as CEO and become familiar with you.”

			With that order, his father turned and strode out of the office, leaving Grayson alone. And angry. Saddened. And so goddamn powerless.

			And he resented his father for that.

			Hated himself even more.

			Family duty and loyalty strangled him, crushing him under its burdensome weight. As the “spare,” he hadn’t been his parents’ first choice.

			But now, he was the only one left.





Ten


			“Ezra, can you get the door?” Nadia called from her bedroom. She’d just emerged from the shower and answering the doorbell in a short, threadbare towel didn’t seem like a great idea. On Saturdays, she tended to go casual, but not that casual.

			“Yeah, I got it,” her brother yelled back. As was their custom, on Saturday mornings she cooked a big breakfast, and he cleaned up afterward. Since her bedroom was off the same hallway that led to the kitchen, she heard him tramp down the hall toward the foyer.

			She shimmied into a bra and panties, then tugged on a black, V-neck sweater and her favorite pair of boyfriend jeans that were faded from multiple wears and washings. As she searched for a pair of socks among the endless singles, a knock echoed on her door.

			“Come in,” she said, triumphantly retrieving a matching pair.

			A second later, Ezra opened the door and poked his head through, his dark locs swinging against his handsome face. His handsome, frowning face. “There’s a guy here to see you.”

			Her heart thumped against her rib cage. She hadn’t made many friends in the short time she’d been in Chicago and hadn’t dated once. So the “guy” could be only one person.

			“Okay, I’ll be right out,” she said, infusing a calm into her voice that belied the tumble of nerves in her belly.

			Still frowning, Ezra backed out of the door. Moments later, she emerged and padded down the hallway toward the front of the house. Though the thin carpet masked her footsteps, Grayson still looked up as she approached, his blue-and-green gaze steady on her. She almost faltered, the power of those eyes like a physical blow.

			Though days had passed since the cocktail party, and their contact had been minimal, she still felt his mouth pressed to hers and tasted the hunger in that kiss. She dreamed about that kiss. Even now, she forced her hands to remain by her side so she didn’t lift one and press fingers to her lips. As if she could somehow capture it.

			In the middle of his parents’ living room, she’d yearned to wrap her arms around his neck and demand a deeper touch that would fill her empty places. She’d longed to be burned by the pleasure that had haunted her body, her mind. The desire that had flared so hot between them during the blackout hadn’t abated, hadn’t dimmed. Before that kiss at the cocktail party she could convince herself that the out-of-the-ordinary circumstances had stirred the combustible heat between them.

			The kiss had razed that opinion to ashes.

			But it’d also reinforced her emotional walls with steel. If one kiss could level her... As much as she’d believed she’d loved Jared, he hadn’t ignited the out-of-control need to surrender herself that Grayson did.

			It was...terrifying.

			Because Grayson, with his innate sensuality, dark emotions that seemed to seethe just under the surface, had a dominance that could strip away the control she’d fought so hard for. He could render her vow to never lay her heart and soul out for a man to use again to cinders.

			She couldn’t permit that.

			She didn’t know if she would survive intact.

			No way in hell would she risk finding out.

			She repeated that warning in her head as she took in his tall, lean frame in black slacks and a cream-colored sweater that probably cost more than her living room furniture.

			“Grayson,” she greeted, drawing nearer. His sandalwood and mint scent reached out to her, and she cursed herself for inhaling deeply, savoring it. “This is a surprise.” She halted next to her brother. “I don’t know if he introduced himself, but this is my brother, Ezra. Ezra,” she nudged him with her elbow, “this is Grayson Chandler, my...uh, friend.”

			“Friend, huh?” Ezra snorted, rolling his eyes, appearing all of his seventeen years. “Okay, we’ll go with that.” He stuck out a hand toward Grayson. “Nice to meet you, Mr. Chandler.”

			“You, too, Ezra. And it’s Grayson.” Grayson shook her brother’s hand.

			“So what are you two crazy kids up to today?” Ezra questioned, crossing his arms and glancing back and forth between her and Grayson.

			“Please,” she scoffed, shoving his shoulder. “Get out of here and finish the dishes.”

			“Fine,” he grumbled, then pivoted and headed toward the rear of the house.

			Once he’d disappeared, she returned her attention to her “fiancé.”

			“Grayson, what are you doing here? Did we have something scheduled?”

			He shook his head. “No, I stopped by to see if you were free today.”

			“For?” she pressed. “What’s the occasion? A dinner party? A charity event?”

			“Neither. I—” His lips snapped shut, and a muscle leaped along his jaw. Several seconds later, he said, “Do you trust me, Nadia?”

			“Not even a little bit.” Truth, but not all of it.

			When it came to him, she trusted herself even less.

			A ghost of a smile flirted with his mouth. “I deserve that. And respect it. But will you give me a pass today? Take a chance on me.”

			Take a chance on me.

			The simple words shouldn’t have been a temptation. But for her, they were. In the past, when she’d trusted people, they’d either disappointed or devastated her. She didn’t go in blind anywhere; she required a map, seven different exits and an escape hatch. Yet...

			Yet, as she met his mesmerizing eyes, she wanted to place herself into his hands, let him alleviate the exhaustion of always being in control. Even if just for a little while.

			“Okay,” she murmured. “Give me a few minutes. I’ll be right back.”

			He nodded, his expression revealing nothing. But she caught the flash of something in his eyes. Something she believed could be relief. That was probably her imagination, though. Her trying to convince herself she wasn’t in this confusing place of emotional quicksand alone.

			Sighing, she returned to her room and then quickly applied a minimal amount of makeup, tugged on her ankle boots and grabbed her jacket. At the last second, she picked up the ostentatious engagement ring and slid it on her finger. Moments later, she slipped back out of her bedroom into the hallway.

			“...says you’re a friend, but I can guess what kind of friend you are.” Ezra’s voice drifted to her as she treaded closer. Ahead, her brother stood in front of Grayson, his back to her. Though Grayson had him by several inches, Ezra straightened his shoulders and tipped his head back. “I don’t know what kind of thing y’all have going on,” he continued in his drawl. “But she’s my big sister. And she’s been through enough for a lifetime. I don’t want you adding to it.”

			Silently, Nadia groaned. Love for her brother and his overprotective streak poured through her, but she also longed to yank him up and shove him back toward the kitchen. She could take care of herself without him threatening would-be boyfriends. Still... Damn, she adored the kid.

			“I don’t plan on hurting your sister,” Grayson promised, his voice solemn, no hint of amusement. He could’ve easily patronized the teen, but sincerity rang from his words. And part of her believed him. The only problem was, most people usually didn’t plan on harming other people. They just did.

			“Good.” Ezra nodded. “She’s all I have and she has been taken advantage of and hurt too many times in the past. She needs someone who’ll take care of her for once instead of the other way around. Especially after Jared—”

			Oh God.

			“I’m ready,” she called out, moving down the hall at a desperate clip. Jesus, why would Ezra bring up her ex-boyfriend? Both Grayson and Ezra turned to face her, and guilt flashed across her brother’s face. But it quickly morphed into a stubbornness she was well acquainted with. “You.” She jabbed a finger in his chest. “Dishes. And if you go out tonight, make sure you call and let me know.”

			“Sure.” He kissed her cheek, then glanced back at Grayson, giving him that chin tip that seemed to be a part of the masculine language. “Nice talking to you, Grayson.”

			When he once more disappeared into the kitchen, she shifted her gaze to Grayson. “I’m sorry about that,” she said with a small wince. “He’s a little overprotective.”

			But Grayson shook his head, his stare flicking over her shoulder in the direction her brother had gone. “He loves his sister and is watching out for her. There’s nothing to apologize for.” Nabbing her jacket from her hand, he held it up, and she slipped her arms through the sleeves. “You’re lucky to have one another,” he murmured, his large hands settling on her shoulders. His fingers lightly squeezed, before releasing her. “Let’s go.”

			Though questions about his enigmatic statement whirled inside her head, she went.



* * *



			“I should be annoyed with you right now,” Nadia muttered, sinking into the chair that Grayson pulled from the restaurant table.

			A delicate glass vase filled with water and floating, lit candles in the shape of lilies cast a warm glow over the white linen. Folded black napkins that reminded her of origami sat next to sparkling silver flatware. A breathtaking view of Lake Michigan through floor-to-ceiling windows, its gently lapping waters gleaming orange, pink and purple from the setting sun, provided a stunning backdrop. Even though other diners and the low hum of conversation surrounded them, their corner table, partially shielded from prying eyes by a wall of lush greenery, exuded the illusion of privacy. And from the curious looks they received upon entering, she clung to that illusion.

			By himself, Grayson would draw attention. But with her by his side? The looks seemed sharper, the whispers louder. Part of her wanted to rise from the table and walk out. She’d been on the receiving end of hushed talk behind hands enough to last a couple of lifetimes. But the other half of her—the half that brimmed with defiant anger—met their furtive glances. Yes, she’d dared to enter their cushy, exclusive turf. But she wouldn’t lower her eyes in apology for being there.

			Grayson ordered wine for both of them, and as their waiter hurried away, he turned to her. “Annoyed with me?” he repeated, the corner of his mouth quirking as he settled in the chair across from her. “Whatever for? Didn’t we just spend a great day together? Buckingham Fountain. The SkyDeck. The Riverwalk. Navy Pier. Fried Twinkies.”

			“Yeah.” She sighed. “Extra points for the fried Twinkies. They’re probably the only reason I should be annoyed and am not full-blown irritated.” He arched an eyebrow, and she sank her teeth into her bottom lip, fiddling with the napkin on the table. “I sound like an ungrateful shrew, and I’m sorry. Thank you for an amazing day I wasn’t expecting. Ezra and I have been in Chicago for a little over a year, but between work and his schedule and, well, life, I haven’t had the opportunity to explore the city. Today was wonderful. So again, thank you.”

			“You’re welcome, Nadia. It was my pleasure,” he murmured. Cocking his head to the side, he studied her. “Now tell me what you’re not saying.”

			She huffed out a ragged laugh that abraded her throat. “It’s...this.” She leaned back and waved a hand up and down her torso, indicating the royal blue long-sleeved sheath dress that both glided over and clung to her breasts, hips and thighs. Beneath the table, black knee-high stiletto boots of the softest leather embraced her calves and feet. Yes, Grayson had escorted her all over Chicago in a laid-back, surprisingly fun tour of his city. He’d gifted her with a day that had made her feel free and special. But... “The dress for the cocktail party, this one—they’re not part of our bargain,” she finished.

			It went deeper than not wanting to be the recipient of his charity. So much deeper.

			“But it is part of our bargain, Nadia,” Grayson contradicted. “I asked you to play the part of my fiancée. And that includes making you look the role, as well. And that’s my responsibility since the arrangement was my idea, not yours. What kind of man would I be if I didn’t take care of the needs of the woman I supposedly love? Not just emotional and sexual needs. But her material needs, as well? And not because I owe her anything, but due to it simply being my pleasure.”

			She didn’t have an answer. Couldn’t formulate one because her mind had stopped functioning at “emotional and sexual,” fogged over by the heated arousal pouring through her. She, more than anyone, comprehended how well he fulfilled a woman’s desires, satisfied her body.

			“You’re still not being completely honest, though,” he continued, those piercing eyes glittering like gems in the light of the candles. “Tell me. Is your aversion to receiving gifts a general issue, or is it specific to me?”

			She stared at him, the width of the square table seeming to shrink to that of a postage stamp. Suddenly, he was too close, his presence too large, too compelling. Too...tempting. Everything in her screamed to avoid that gaze, to keep silent. That she didn’t need to divulge more to him—didn’t need to give him more of herself—than what was required to pull off the relationship charade.

			But trapped by his enigmatic, fascinating eyes, she couldn’t squelch the impulse to confide in him. Even if it was just this little thing.

			Because all she could afford with this man was “a little.”

			Defying the voice that warned that even a small amount was too much, she murmured, “It’s both, I suppose.”

			Their waiter appeared with their wine. She gladly sipped from her filled glass, appreciating not just the sweet flavor of the Riesling but the temporary reprieve it provided. Moments later, the waiter left them again after taking their dinner orders, and she set her wineglass down on the table. Lifting a fingertip, she traced the slender stem, focusing her attention on it instead of Grayson.

			“I grew up in a small town in Georgia. The kind where there’s still a dime store, a pharmacy that also sells ice cream and a church on every corner. As you can imagine, everyone knows everyone and their business. For some, this could be the perfect place to grow up, but when your mother is...” She paused, the scraps of familial loyalty and respect her mother hadn’t destroyed not allowing her to call Marion Jordan a whore. “Popular with men,” she substituted, “your life can be hell.”

			She shifted her regard from the glass to his face, searching for a reaction to learning who her mother was. Surprise? Revulsion? But his stoic expression revealed none of his thoughts. The absence of a reaction gave her the courage to continue.

			“My mother didn’t work. She was taken care of by the men she ‘dated,’” she said, using Marion’s term. “Mostly wealthy men. They paid her rent, her bills, and yes, bought her jewelry and clothes. That’s how Ezra and I survived—off the gifts of these men. But that’s only when my mother decided to share the wealth. When she would remember to buy groceries or clothes for us, when she wasn’t spending the money on herself. Once, when I was sixteen, I was so desperate to feed my brother, I stole a loaf of bread and jars of peanut butter and jelly from the store.”

			Her voice didn’t waver as she confessed her one and only crime to him, and she didn’t lower her gaze. The store security guard, the gossips in her town, the judge had all informed her she should’ve been ashamed of herself. But she hadn’t been then and wasn’t now. She’d done what needed to be done so her little brother didn’t go to bed hungry, his stomach cramping with pains because he hadn’t eaten in two days. Their mother had vanished on one of her many disappearing acts, probably with some man at a hotel where she ate while her children starved.

			No, Nadia had accepted the probation and the town’s scorn and the whispers of “the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree,” and apologized to Mr. Carol, the grocery store owner, but she’d never bowed her head in shame.

			She wouldn’t start with Grayson.

			“I learned those gifts came at the price of my pride in taking dirty money, knowing what my mother did to earn it. The price was our sense of security, our independence. As soon as I was old enough—and as soon as I could find someone willing to hire me—I got a job at a gas station convenience store in the next town over. It meant spending time begging for rides or biking it the thirty minutes there and back, it meant less time with my brother so I could provide for us, it meant not finishing high school and graduating with a GED, it meant passing on college. But it also meant not depending on another rich man’s ‘gifts and generosity.’”

			Silence reigned between them for precious seconds. Her heart thumped against her rib cage, the pulse ponderous in her ears. In this instant, staring into his unique eyes, she tried not to cringe under the vulnerability clawing at her. She felt more exposed than she had when he’d stripped her clothes from her body in that dark hallway.

			Not only had she confessed that her mother had been the town whore, but Nadia had also admitted that she had a criminal record and was a high school dropout. Not exactly fiancée material compared to the women he dated.

			“What did you want to go to college for?” he asked quietly, taking her aback with the question.

			“Nursing,” she said. “Maybe because I’ve always been the caretaker in my family.” She lifted a shoulder in a half shrug. “It just wasn’t meant to be. And besides, Ezra is the genius in our family. He’s—” She bit off the rest of the sentence, almost spilling about him being accepted to Yale. Though she’d shared some of her past, she still didn’t trust him with her family. “He’s brilliant. Special,” she added.

			“And you aren’t?” he challenged, a snap in his voice. She frowned at the scowl that creased his brow, at the flash of anger in his narrowed gaze. He propped an arm on the table and leaned closer. “Baby, from what you’ve told me, you practically raised yourself and your brother. You sacrificed your childhood so he could have what little security a teenager could manage to give him when his real parent couldn’t be bothered. You packed up from the only home you ever knew to move thousands of miles away to a strange city. You’re a fighter, a survivor. A GED doesn’t make you any less brilliant, any less special. Not going to college doesn’t mean you’re not as smart, not as driven or successful as other people. In my eyes, it requires more intelligence, more grit to carve out the living you’ve made for both yourself and Ezra than to just accept all the advantages of being born with wealth and opportunities as your due. One takes character, determination and strength, the other the Russian Roulette of birth and luck.”

			She couldn’t speak. Could only feel. Surprise. Delight. Gratitude. Sadness. They all swirled and tumbled in her chest, swelling in her throat.

			No one—absolutely no one—had ever called her smart, strong or a survivor. And for this man to say those words...

			She dodged that intense stare, instead ducking her gaze to the pale gold contents of her wineglass. God, she wanted a sip. Anything to distract her from the weight of his scrutiny, from the almost terrifying depth and power of her own emotions. But she didn’t dare attempt to lift the glass with her trembling hands.

			“Nadia,” he said, and though she avoided his eyes, the vein of steel threading through the tone brooked no disobedience.

			She lifted her regard back to him, immediately becoming ensnared in the blue-and-emerald depths.

			“I’m going to continue to give you gifts. Not because I owe you or as a debt I expect you to repay.” He reached across the table and wrapped his long fingers around hers so they both held the glass stem. The warmth and strength of his grip was an embrace that enfolded her entire body, not just her hand. “I’m not going to stop because you deserve them. The girl you were, the teen who grew up too soon and the woman who bears all the responsibility of the world on her shoulders but too little of the beauty. That’s what I want to give you. It’s my honor to give you. Some of that beauty. Let me.”

			Again, she couldn’t speak. Didn’t dare nod. No matter how much she longed to. God, the temptation to relinquish control just for once and let someone—no, not someone, Grayson—carry the burden and care for her swept through her like the sweet warmth of a spring day. It lulled her, coaxed her to lie down, to let go.

			Who would it hurt?

			Her.

			In the long run, it would devastate her. Because she could so easily come to rely on him. And the day would come—four months from now to be exact—when he would be a non-factor in her life. When he would disappear, leaving her aching for him—yearning for his shoulder to rest her head on, his chest to burrow her face against—instead of facing the world.

			No. Grayson might not be Jared, but he was still a handsome, wealthy man who could make her believe in fairy tales.

			Patching up the chinks in her armor that his words and her longing had created, she sat back in her chair, placing much-needed distance between them. Picking up her wine, she sipped, wishing the alcohol would transform into something stronger.

			Their waiter chose that moment to return with their plates of steaming food. Thank God. Several minutes passed while they dug into their entrées. In spite of the emotional storm brewing inside her, she moaned at the first bite of tender, perfectly cooked medium-rare sirloin.

			“Oh, my God.” She closed her eyes, savoring the blend of spices and loosed another near orgasmic groan. She lifted her lashes. “This is so good it should be criminal...”

			Her voice trailed off. How could she speak when her lungs refused to release any air?

			Grayson stared at her, and the heat in that gaze seared her, sent flames licking over her, engulfing her. His hooded contemplation dipped to her mouth, and she sank her teeth in her bottom lip to trap her gasp. As if he’d heard it, his scrutiny rose to hers.

			She wanted to rear back from the intensity and heat—and also tip her face toward it as if his desire was the sun, and she longed to bask in it.

			Jerking her attention back to her meal, she concentrated on cutting, chewing and swallowing. Ignoring the tingle in her nipples, the twisting of her belly and the yawning ache between her thighs.

			“Can I ask you a question?” she murmured as their plates were cleared away.

			He nodded. “Of course.”

			Though he’d granted her permission, she still hesitated. “Why are you going through this whole charade? In your office, you told me telling your mother you weren’t interested in her matchmaking wasn’t an option. But why? I know we don’t know each other that well, but you just don’t strike me as the kind of man who would...” God, how to finish that sentence without offending him?

			A slight smirk curled the corner of his mouth. “What? Allow others to manipulate me?”

			“Yes.”

			He chuckled, but the sound was dark, sharp and humorless. “I’m not. Usually.” He grasped his glass of wine and raised it, but instead of drinking from it, he stared into the golden depths. “What do you know about me, Nadia?”

			She lifted her hands, palms up. “Like I said, not much.”

			“Really?” He arched an eyebrow. “You haven’t looked me up at all?”

			“Not really.” It wasn’t a lie—exactly. She’d obsessively followed any online item about him before the night of the blackout. Now, it seemed almost as if she were betraying him. Which was utterly ridiculous.

			“My family is well known. They’re a part of Chicago history and trailblazers in the financial industry. First steel, then railroads, then real estate, then they diversified in everything from insurance to media. Chandler International was—is—a powerhouse in the corporate world. And since my great-great-grandfather started the company over one hundred years ago, a Chandler has always sat in the CEO office. And until six months ago, my brother Jason would’ve continued the tradition.”

			A shadow crept over his face, dimming his eyes. Guilt for bringing up the subject and an overwhelming need to comfort him crashed into Nadia. Before she could check the impulse, she reached across the table and wrapped her hand around his larger fingers, mimicking his earlier actions. After a slight hesitation, he reversed the hold and his hand gripped hers. As if holding on.

			“My older brother died six months ago from a brain aneurysm. It was sudden and so damn unexpected. One moment, he was healthy and strong, the next...” Grayson shook his head, not finishing the thought, though he squeezed Nadia’s fingers tight. “My parents, they took his death hard, as you can imagine. Jason was their firstborn, the heir, their favorite. And he should’ve been. We were thirteen years apart and weren’t close, but I still admired him—loved him. He was a good man. Smart. Respectable. Commanding. Perfect.”

			“No one’s perfect, Grayson,” she whispered.

			“In my parents’ eyes, he was,” he said. “They adored him. And when they lost him...” His full lips firmed into a harsh, straight line. “I’ve never seen them so broken. They’d not only lost their child, but their favorite.”

			Again, she countered him, leaning forward across the table. “Not their favorite. Maybe they had the most in common with him since he was the oldest. Or spent the most time with him since he would one day take over the business. But parents love their children equally. Even my mom did, although that’s not saying much. They would’ve been just as devastated if, God forbid, it’d been you who’d died. Or your sister. Their love is the same.”

			A grim smile curved his lips even as he lifted a hand, and after a pause, cupped her jaw. He rubbed the pad of his thumb just under her bottom lip, and she fought to contain the sigh that tried to escape. Her lashes fluttered, her body liquefying. It was the first time he’d touched her outside of their charade. And other than when they’d been stuck in that dark hall. If she were thinking, if she were smart, she’d pull back. Instead, she leaned into it, turned her head slightly so her mouth brushed the heel of his palm.

			Even across the distance of the table, she caught his ragged inhale. His gaze lowered to her mouth, studying it as if he would receive a PhD on every curve and dip. She trembled under his inspection, and when his eyes lifted to hers again, she shivered harder from the flash of fire there. That stare promised things—things she knew damn well he could deliver on.

			“How is it possible that you, who has every reason in the world not to see the best in people, still believes in things like a parent’s love and fairness?” he murmured. With one more caress over her skin, he released her, dropping his hand to his glass of wine. He raised it, sipping, but his scrutiny never wavered from her.

			She didn’t have an answer for him. But then again, he didn’t seem to expect one.

			“But to answer your initial question, at this point, I can’t tell my mother to back off because no matter our history, I have to be gentle with her. She’s been through enough these past months. And other than those first couple of weeks, I don’t believe she’s allowed herself to fully grieve. Instead, she’s focused all her rather formidable attention on other endeavors—one of which happens to be finding me a wife. I think if Jason had married, if he’d had children before he died, her desire to see me settled with someone wouldn’t be this...passionate. She would’ve had a piece of him to hold on to, to cherish. I can only imagine she doesn’t want history to repeat itself. And it might be selfish, but I’ll suffer through her annoying attempts rather than see her broken again.”

			Selfish? There were several words she could use to describe him—arrogant, demanding, high-handed, sexy as hell—but selfish? No. Not when he would create an elaborate fake relationship just so his mother wouldn’t sink back into dark grief.

			Grayson Chandler was...complicated. Playboy. Gentleman. Sometimes asshole. Seducer. Selfless son. Enigmatic stranger.

			And with every layer he exposed, she wanted to peel away another. And then another. She longed to find the core of this man, see who lay beneath. See the truth she suspected he revealed to no one.

			In other words, damn her, she wanted to be special to him.

			Maybe she was more of her mother’s daughter than she acknowledged.

			“Sir. Ma’am. Can I interest you in dessert or an after-dinner coffee or drink?” Their waiter appeared next to the table, saving her from more enlightening and terrible revelations about herself.

			“I’m fine. Nadia?” Grayson asked.

			She summoned a small, brittle smile. “I’m through, as well.”

			Minutes later, table cleared and check paid, Grayson escorted her from the restaurant, a hand placed on the small of her back.

			Warmth from his palm penetrated her dress to the skin below. The clothing between them might as well have been invisible, because her imagination convinced her she could feel every hard curve and plane of that hand. Lust, bright and ravenous, curled low in her belly, and every step forward, every brush of her thighs against each other, cranked up that need until she shivered with it.

			Oh yes. She’d fallen so far down this rabbit hole. But did she want to climb out?

			She didn’t know. And that indecisiveness spelled one thing.

			Trouble.





Eleven


			Grayson curled his fingers tighter around the steering wheel as he guided his black BMW i8 toward Nadia’s blue-collar Bridgeport neighborhood. Within the interior of the car, he couldn’t elude her wind and rain scent. Couldn’t block out the memories of how that scent was denser, richer on her skin—between her thighs.

			Sometimes he woke up at night imagining that so-damn-addictive flavor on his tongue. And his hand wrapped around an erection.

			Chaining down the growl rumbling in his chest, he kept all his focus on the road in front of him. Because glancing over and glimpsing the long, lush legs molded by her dress might be his undoing.

			When he’d purchased the clothing, he’d imagined how it would slide over the full mounds of her breasts, skim over the wide, feminine flare of her hips and cling to the thick perfection of her thighs. Both regal and sensual. Powerful and sexy. But he’d underestimated how the material would caress every dip, arc and curve like a lover’s hand. How the dress would have him desperate to peel it from her and expose the walking wet dream of her body that he’d had the pleasure of only once.

			Given her mother’s history with men, the truth of why Nadia most likely dressed in drab, ill-fitting suits had struck him like a fist to the gut. Finances undoubtedly played a part, but a woman with her looks, her siren’s body, had probably deflected more than her fair share of advances. Especially if the opinion in her town had been—how had his own father put it?—that she didn’t fall far from the maternal tree.

			Yet, he’d harbored no regrets for buying her the dress or the new wardrobe crowding his trunk. As he’d told her, she deserved it all.

			Dinner had been a test of how long he could pretend to be civilized when all he hungered to do was climb over her like a stalking, starving beast and consume every goddamn inch of her.

			Yes, it’d been a trial, but one he’d passed, and not because of his own strength. She’d successfully kept him in his chair with her vulnerability.

			God, she humbled him. With that sliver of trust and with who she was.

			His father’s report might have included all the bullet points of her history, but it hadn’t captured her determination, her fire, her fighter’s spirit, her loyalty to family.

			Something grimy slid through him. How would Nadia, who’d sacrificed her education, her time and own comfort for family, feel about his refusal to sacrifice for his own family? Had it been his fear of seeing disdain etched on her lovely face that had trapped his confession about leaving KayCee Corp for Chandler? This woman had placed everything on the line for her brother. But Grayson refused to do the same for his father and mother. For Jason.

			“Thank you for dinner,” Nadia said into the silence that suffused the car. “It was the loveliest anyone’s ever taken me to.”

			“You’re welcome,” he replied quietly. Then, because an unhealthy curiosity to learn more about her rode him hard, he added, “You’re a beautiful woman, Nadia.” And sexy as hell. “So while I understand that you came from a small town, I don’t comprehend how there weren’t any men who didn’t want you, shower you with dates to fine restaurants, offer you the world.” He risked a glance over at her. Noted the delicate but strong line of her profile. The proud tilt of her shoulders. The thrust of her gorgeous breasts. “Were they all blind?”

			“No.” The word, though soft, held such an aching note that he battled the urge to jerk the car to the side of the road and look into those deep chocolate eyes. To demand she tell him what lay behind that bleak tone. “They weren’t blind.”

			She didn’t say anything more, but Grayson didn’t miss how she also hadn’t replied to his first comment about whether or not there had been anyone who wanted her. The omission grated, burrowed under his skin.

			He wanted all her answers. Her truth.

			He wanted her naked in the way he refused to be for anyone else.

			He was a hypocrite, and he didn’t care.

			Minutes later, he pulled the car to the curb outside her humble home. Dark windows stared at them. He should turn off the car and walk her to the door. Make sure at least one of those windows was glowing with light before he drove away.

			Instead, he continued to sit behind the wheel, engine idling. Beside him, Nadia didn’t make a move to exit the car, either. The silence that had joined them for the ride from the restaurant settled between them again, but this time tension, thick and alive, vibrated within it.

			“Is your brother home?” he asked. The thought of leaving her inside the empty house unsettled him. She hadn’t mentioned a lack of safety in the neighborhood, but still...

			“No,” she said. “He texted me earlier. He’s staying with a friend tonight.”

			On edge, Grayson removed his hands from the steering wheel and settled them on his thighs, digging his fingers into the muscle. Reminding himself to keep them there and not reach across the console and touch the soft flesh on the other side.

			“Is it sad that the most real relationship I’ve had is this pretend one with you?” Nadia rasped into the dark. “I’ve built this...this wall around myself because I’ve had to. I’ve learned to. It’s how I’ve survived. But other than Ezra, it’s also kept me from getting close to people. The only time I’ve lowered my guard in years was the night of the blackout. With you. And it felt so good. Such a relief to, for once, not have to protect myself because, even though we worked at the same place, I didn’t think we’d come into any meaningful contact again. I felt...free. You asked me once if I ever wanted to just let go. Hand over my control and let someone else take care of me for a little while. I did in that hallway, and I want to again. Tonight.” She turned to him, and frozen by her admission, he met her gaze. “I don’t want to be alone tonight.”

			Need—a deep, hungry yearning—stretched inside him. It expanded, twisting and tangling until he breathed it, became it. And all because of the woman across from him and seven words: I don’t want to be alone tonight.

			He understood loneliness. Often battled it. But was it him she wanted to keep her company? Or would anyone do? Was he just convenient?

			I don’t care.

			The confession pounded against his skull, the truth reverberating in his chest.

			He wanted her—no, craved her. Had since first seeing her in that mansion’s hallway. If she wanted to use him to push back the isolation, the dark, then he wouldn’t question why or who he was a temporary replacement for. He’d give her that. And take some for himself.

			Because, damn him, he wanted to take.

			“If you go home with me, I can’t promise I’ll be able to keep my hands off you. Right now, it’s requiring every bit of self-control I have not to stroke my hand under that dress and reacquaint my fingers with the wet warmth my dick wakes up hard for,” he ground out as a warning. The only one she’d get tonight.

			“I didn’t ask for your promise,” she whispered. Her lips parted, and her gaze dropped to his thighs. To the unmistakable imprint of his erection. When she returned her eyes to his, they gleamed with the same arousal that coursed through him. “I don’t want your promise.”

			With that husky avowal echoing in his head, he eased the car back into Drive and pulled away from the curb. Neither of them spoke, not for the entire journey to his downtown condominium. They didn’t exchange words as he parked the car in his reserved space under the seventy-story building or on the swift elevator ride to the penthouse apartment. The doors opened into his large living room, and, cradling her elbow, he led her inside.

			Sweeping a glance around his home, he attempted to see the place through her eyes. Vaulted ceilings, floor-to-ceiling windows that encompassed three walls, an open plan where each room flowed seamlessly from one to the other. The Chicago skyline, Millennium Park and Grant Park seemed to crowd into his place, a beautiful vista of lights and shadow.

			It’d been this view that had convinced him to purchase the property. Not the paneled library with its stone fireplace, or the chef’s wet dream of a kitchen with top-of-the-line appliances. Not the three luxurious bedrooms with en suite bathrooms or the twenty-four-hour doorman service or exclusive rooftop club.

			None of that could compare to the panorama of the city he loved. The city that had welcomed him with open arms, offering him the chance to prove he was more than just the Chandler spare.

			Dragging his attention from the glittering skyline, he focused all of it on Nadia. On her face. Her body. Studying her for any hint that she’d changed her mind. That she regretted accompanying him here. From their conversation over dinner, he’d detected her opinion about men with money. They were users. Opportunists. Selfish. Her experiences with rich men hadn’t been positive, and with him waving three-quarters of a million in front of her for her “services,” she’d no doubt lumped him in the same category as those men who’d exploited her mother.

			But maybe she hadn’t painted him with the same brush.

			Because she stood here in his home, and as she shifted her espresso eyes to him, they didn’t hold contempt or remorse.

			Just desire.

			A groan rolled up his chest and throat, but he trapped it at the last minute, tamping it down. One more chance. He’d give her one last chance to opt out of this before he touched her. Because once he put his hands on her, all bets would be off.

			“Are you sure, Nadia?” he rumbled, voice like a poorly maintained engine. “If you’ve changed your mind, I’ll take you back home, no questions, no pressure, no anger. This is your choice, and yours alone.” God, those words scraped his throat raw as he uttered them, but they needed to be said. She needed to know he didn’t expect more from her than she was willing to give. “Another thing.” He allowed himself to cup her jaw even though that small caress sent a jagged bolt of lust ripping through him. “This has nothing to do with our agreement. Whatever happens here—whatever doesn’t happen here—is between us alone. Understand, baby?”

			She nodded, and as she’d done in the restaurant, slightly turned her head and brushed her lips across his palm. And like then, his body turned to stone, his erection pounding like a primal drum.

			“Tell me something nobody knows. Something that will stay here,” she whispered, the moist heat of her breath bathing his skin. Her gaze flicked up to meet his as she pressed a sweet and sexy open-mouth kiss to his palm.

			Through the almost painful grip of arousal, he recognized the request. They’d asked it of each other the night of the blackout. The past collided with the present. On a dark growl, he lifted his other hand to her face, caging her in, holding her steady as he lowered his head until just a bare breath separated their mouths.

			“No one knows that I haven’t been able to erase you from my mind since that night in the hallway. You were supposed to be a one-night distraction. But instead, you haunt me. You, this fucking need that grinds my gut to dust, won’t leave me alone. And I resent and want you in equal measure.”

			Her hands clutched the waistband of his pants, holding on to him.

			“Your turn,” he damn near snarled, a little angry with himself for admitting all he had. “Tell me something nobody knows and that will stay here.”

			She encircled his wrists, rose on her toes and crushed her mouth to his. With a groan, he parted his lips, welcomed the thrust of her tongue, sucked on the silken invader and dragged an answering moan from her. Jesus, she tasted like his happiest memories and his darkest moments. Like every decadent treat he’d luxuriated in and every indulgence he’d denied himself.

			Like addiction and temperance.

			Like everything.

			The alarming thought whispered through his head, and he mentally scrambled back from it. This—his mouth on hers, her tongue tangling with his—was physical and so goddamn good. But still temporary and simple.

			There was nothing simpler than sex.

			“Tell me, baby.” He ground out the order against her lips.

			“You’re American royalty, one of our princes,” she whispered, her nails biting into the thin, sensitive skin on the inside of his wrists. “And you make me feel like the Cinderella you called me.” She paused, bowing her head until his lips pressed to her forehead. “More, I want to be your Cinderella. Just for a little while.”

			“You dream of being a princess, Nadia?” He thrust his fingers through her hair, fisting it and tilting her head back so she had no choice but to meet his gaze. He needed to see her eyes. “Is that who you’d like to pretend to be?”

			“No.” Shadows shifted in her brown gaze, but so did the truth. “I want to pretend to be wanted.”

			The groan he’d imprisoned before barreled out of him, and he claimed her mouth. Took it. Voracious for it. For her. He thrust his tongue past her parted lips, conquering. No, not conquering, because she opened wider for him, laying down every defense and surrendering.

			Pleasure quaked through him. Pleasure and acceptance of her gift.

			Bending his knees, he dropped his arms and gripped the undersides of her thighs. With a swift movement, he hiked her in his arms. Her short, sharp cry reverberated in his ears, but she encircled him with her arms and legs.

			Damn. All that soft flesh and strong muscle pressed against him, embracing him. Her position shoved her dress up her thighs, and the material bunched high. He glanced down between them, catching a glimpse of black lace. Clenching his teeth against a curse, he swiftly strode forward toward his bedroom. But each step rubbed her exposed, panty-clad sex against his hard-as-steel dick, and he fought not to stumble and slam them back against the wall.

			“I can feel you, baby,” he muttered against her lips. “Soaking me through my pants. Already telling me how much you want me. Good,” he damn near snarled. That’s how much his control had deteriorated. “Because I need you. I haven’t stopped since you let me inside this sweet, hot body.”

			In response, she opened her mouth over his throat, licking a path up the column and sucking the skin right under his jaw. Pleasure charged from that spot directly to his erection, hardening it even more. He inhaled a sharp breath, his grip on her tightening.

			“Go on and play,” he warned her. “Because when I get you naked on my bed, I fully intend to.” She stiffened in his arms, and he gently nuzzled her hair, though he didn’t bother to prevent his irritation from leaking into his voice. “No, Nadia,” he snapped. “Whatever thoughts just crowded into your head, get rid of them. They don’t belong here.”

			He carefully set her down on her feet in front of him. Once more he burrowed his hands into her hair, cradling her head between his palms and tilting it back.

			No hiding from him. Not tonight.

			“They don’t belong here at all.” He gently tapped her temple. “Every curve—” he slipped his hand down her shoulder, brushing the backs of his knuckles over the mound of her beast “—every valley—” he swept a caress over the dip of her waist, the slightly rounded swell of her stomach “—every inch—” he slid his hand between her thighs, cupping her drenched, warm sex “—deserves to be seen. To be worshipped.”

			A whimper escaped her and in the sexiest, earthiest show of abandon, she grabbed onto his shoulders, threw her head back and ground herself against his palm.

			He growled. “Do it again. I want you to do just that again. But on my mouth.”

			With hands that should’ve been gentler, less hurried, he quickly stripped her of her dress, her boots and underwear. He refused to leave a scrap of clothing on her.

			In moments, he jerked back the dark gray bedspread and laid her out on his silver silk sheets. In the place where he’d woken up sweaty, straining with his throbbing, aching erection in his hand—dreaming about her. But now he wasn’t fantasizing. This was vivid reality. And so much better.

			Unable to tear his gaze from her, he crossed his arms in front, gripped the bottom of his sweater and tugged it over his head. Toeing off his shoes and peeling off his socks, he stalked forward, not stopping until his knee dented the mattress between her thighs and his hands bracketed her hips.

			She tried to close her legs, but his knee prevented the action.

			“Open for me,” he encouraged. “I need to see you.”

			He smoothed his hands up her thighs, his thumbs meeting at the juncture. Exerting easy pressure, he waited until her muscles relaxed, then she opened her legs for him. His flesh pulsed behind his zipper, and he groaned at the sight of her glistening, swollen sex. He hadn’t even touched her yet, and he was ready to come.

			“Damn, Nadia. You’re so pretty. So beautiful. I want to...”

			He didn’t finish the statement. He couldn’t with his mouth covering her flesh. With her heady, delicious taste filling his senses. On a growl, he licked a path through her folds, hungry for more. Beneath his hands, her thighs tensed, tightening around his head. A long, high cry erupted from above him, and it only spurred him on. That, and the insatiable appetite her decadent flavor stirred in him.

			He feasted on her. Like a man starved who sat before the most sumptuous of feasts. He discovered and tongued, sipped and worshipped every part of her sex. The plump folds, the small, fluttering entrance, the hard little button of nerves at the crest. Wet, open-mouthed kisses; lush, greedy licks; tight, pointed thrusts. He didn’t let up, didn’t stop until a litany of cries poured from her, and the legs he’d hooked over his shoulders shook.

			Focusing on the engorged, quivering nub at the top of her sex, he circled it, sucked on it. And below, he slowly drove his fingers into her soaked, clenching core. He moaned into her flesh, his dick flexing and aching as it remembered the perfect clasp. The clawing need to feel her sex pierced him. He pulled his fingers free and drove them harder.

			She exploded.

			Satisfaction roared inside him, and he didn’t stop pleasuring her until the last tremble rippled through her body. Only when she went limp did he withdraw, jackknifing off the bed and ridding himself of the remainder of his clothes. He retained enough control to yank open his bedside table drawer and remove a condom. In seconds, he sheathed himself and returned to the welcoming haven of her body.

			Nadia’s eyes, slumberous and deep, met his as he crouched over her, his arms braced on either side of her head. He lowered his head, captured her mouth, and she didn’t flinch away from tasting herself on his lips. Giving him one of those whimpers he loved—the ones he counted and hoarded—she slipped her tongue between his lips, dueling with him. She curled a hand behind his neck, holding him to her, and trailed the other over his shoulder, his chest, across his abs and down. He hissed into her mouth as she wrapped her slender fingers around the base and guided him to her entrance.

			He jerked his head back, his eyes closing at the first brush of her wet heat against the swollen head. Letting her take control, he followed her lead. Allowed her to feed him inside her, inch by inch. Claiming him with each tiny pulse and arch of her hips. And when she slid around to his ass, cupping him, pressing against him, he sank fully inside heaven.

			Curses, praises, prayers—they scrambled up his throat. But he clenched his jaw, locking them behind his teeth. Bowing his head, he blinked against the sweat rolling from his brow and stinging his eyes. He stared, captivated by the view of her folds spread around his staff, hugging him as her silken, tight flesh sucked him deep.

			“Grayson,” she breathed, lowering one hand and lifting the other until both gripped his shoulders, her short nails biting into his skin.

			God, please let her mark him. He wanted to glimpse those little half-moons denting him in the morning.

			“Gray,” he corrected, lust and his almost nonexistent restraint roughening his voice to the consistency of churned, broken gravel. “Say it, baby. Gray.”

			He’d ordered her to say the shortened version of his name before in the hallway. And she hadn’t uttered it since that night. Hearing her say the name only those close to him used—he didn’t analyze why it was damn near vital for him to hear it. He just did.

			“Please...Gray,” she whispered, levering up and brushing her lips across his damp shoulder. “You feel so...” She rolled her hips, her tight core spasming around him. “I can’t take...”

			“Yes, you can, baby,” he ground out, battling the lust threatening to tear him to shreds. Wrapping his arms around her, he held her close, pulled free of her body, then thrust back inside to the hilt. “You are taking it. Taking me.”

			Any more words were beyond him. He reverted to that caveman who’d preceded all of his blue-blooded ancestors. Claim. Brand. Possess. Those were the defaults he flipped to, and he lived only to ride her body, plunge into her, mark her as his own. If he wasn’t consumed by pleasure, that thought might scare him. And later, maybe it would. But now, with her cries blanketing his ears, her nails marring his skin, her sex pulling at him, urging him to drive deeper, pound harder...

			He was an utterly sexual being created to pursue ecstasy.

			Nadia clung to him, chanting his name—Gray—again and again, sharper, higher. He couldn’t hold out much longer. Not when electrical pulses crackled and raced down his spine, sizzling in his lower back, his balls and even the soles of his feet. He was alive, so much more alive than he’d ever been in his life—except for the last time he’d been balls-deep inside her.

			“Give it to me, Nadia.” He reached down between their sweaty, twisting bodies and rubbed a firm caress over the stiff nub that peeked out from between her folds. Once, twice...

			A keening wail erupted from Nadia, and she bowed so tautly in his arms he almost feared she would snap in half. Her sex clamped down on him like a vise, squeezing hard, milking him, coaxing his pleasure.

			And damn, he surrendered to it. To her.

			Release barreled down on him, and with a hoarse, ragged growl, he slammed into her, riding it out, at the same time giving her every bit of the orgasm still rippling through her. His senses winked out, leaving him in a space where nothing existed but her and the pleasure she gave him.

			Air rasped out of his lungs as he fell over her, at the last second tumbling to her side so he wouldn’t crush her with his weight. He curled around her, still connected, still buried deep inside her.

			And for this moment, there was no other place he wanted to be.





Twelve


			“Why am I feeling a sudden affinity to the poor lamb about to meet his Maker?” Nadia grumbled under her breath as Grayson opened the passenger’s side car door and extended a hand to her.

			Grayson snorted. Apparently, she hadn’t been as quiet as she’d thought. She smothered a sigh and slipped her palm over his. With the other hand, she gathered the skirt of her dress—another gift from him—and stepped from the car. Grayson didn’t release his hold on her as the valet drove the vehicle away, instead intertwining their fingers.

			It’s pretense. Act 2 of the Grayson and Nadia Show.

			The cool but frustrated voice of reason whispered the reminder inside her head, and she heeded it. Even repeated it. But it didn’t stop her heart from thudding or the slow heat from pooling low in her belly at the casual sign of affection.

			Of connection.

			Walking into this glittering lakefront mansion where the guests ranged from senators to billionaires like Grayson to celebrities, she needed that connection. This anniversary party thrown in honor of his parents by a family friend was a whole different animal from the smaller cocktail parties and dinners she’d attended by Grayson’s side. There’d already been mentions of them in a few society columns, blogs and sites. And while some had been kind toward her and others hadn’t been as charitable, the same thought had echoed through each—what was the Chandler heir doing with an unknown like her?

			Unknown. That had been the nicer name. The not-so-nice names had included “nobody,” “the wide-hipped ingenue,” and the ever popular “gold digger.”

			She didn’t like Grayson’s world. It was beautiful, but cold, petty and cruel. Her mother, who had perfected the art of “nice nasty,” had nothing on Chicago’s social elite. In the month since they’d started this charade, Nadia had lost count of how many times she’d chanted “It’s for Ezra. It’s for Ezra...” to herself. Her brother’s future was the only thing keeping her from bailing, returning to her plainer, poorer but kinder world.

			Well, Ezra...and Grayson.

			She glanced at him as he guided her up the marble steps and past the stone arches soaring high above them. Mounted sconces and strategically placed lamps lit the porch—if that’s what rich people called it—illuminating the majestic beauty of the foyer beyond the grand front door that wouldn’t have been out of place on a palace.

			Grayson fit this place. With his regal male beauty and sexy confidence that he wore as naturally as his perfectly tailored Italian tuxedo, he belonged in this place of wealth and prestige. In this moment, she felt like a girl dressing up in a costume gown. She was a fraud, while he was the real thing.

			And yet... Yet, she continued the charade.

			Because as unbelievable and impossible as it might seem, Grayson needed her. And not just to avoid his mother’s matchmaking schemes. But in the weeks they’d been spending time together, she noticed he showed people the playboy or the charming businessman. But not him. Not the broody, sometimes dark, sharp-minded-and-tongued man who existed beneath the veneer. He granted her peeks, though. Glimpses she suspected he didn’t allow anyone else to see. He needed someone with whom he could shed the personas. Even if only for a little while.

			And she would be a liar if she didn’t admit, if only to herself, that she hungered for those moments.

			Stupid. Stupid to want more. Have you learned nothing?

			“Are you okay?” Grayson murmured in her ear as they entered the mansion.

			“Yes.” She pasted a smile on her face that she hoped appeared serene. Or at least normal. “Why do you ask?”

			“Because you have my fingers in a stranglehold,” he drawled, arching a dark eyebrow.

			Immediately, she loosened her grip. “Sorry,” she murmured. “I didn’t realize.”

			A tall man in a black suit complete with a bow tie approached them. “Can I show you to the ballroom?” he said, extending an arm toward the rear of the foyer.

			“Give us a minute, please.” Grayson didn’t wait for the staff member’s agreement, but cupped Nadia’s elbow and guided her toward the fireplace on the far side of the room. A fireplace in a foyer. Jesus, she really had entered another world.

			“Nadia.” Grayson’s fingers pinched her chin, raising her head so she had to meet his blue-and-green gaze. “Tell me what you’re thinking.”

			She tried to quell the tingle that zipped from her face down to her breasts and lower still. Tried. And failed. It’d been two weeks since they’d had sex at his penthouse. In that time, he hadn’t touched her more than their pretense required. Part of her understood why. After their discussion that night at the restaurant and what she’d revealed to him about her past, he probably didn’t want her to feel as if she were pressured to make sex part of their bargain. He was respecting her boundaries.

			But the other part of her... That half wondered if he no longer wanted her. If the novelty of sex with her had worn off. If he didn’t find her desirable...

			She shook her head, trying to dislodge those destructive words from her head. But the movement inadvertently removed his hand from her. Grayson frowned. And didn’t return his hand.

			“I’m thinking that I’ll be lucky to not embarrass either one of us. This night is on a much larger scale than a dinner party,” she said. Not a lie. Those had been her thoughts earlier.

			His frown eased, and his gaze softened. Once more, he touched her, this time cradling the nape of her neck. A charge sizzled down her spine, and she barely smothered a groan.

			“You have the prettiest eyes,” she blurted out, desperate to distract herself from her short-circuiting body. But then, her own eyes rounded as what she’d uttered rebounded against her skull. Oh. Hell.

			Surprise flickered in his stare, before it became shuttered. “What?”

			She waved a hand in front of her head as if she could shoo away her words. “Don’t mind me. I told you I was nervous. Let this be a forewarning of what I will be like once I enter that ballroom. If I have the chance to meet Cookie or Lucious from Empire, I’m just letting you know right now to expect more spouting of random crap.”

			He didn’t chuckle. Not even the corner of his mouth quirked in amusement. “So the comment about my eyes was just...crap,” he stated, voice flat.

			Now, she frowned. “No, I meant it. Your eyes are gorgeous.” She studied the carefully bland expression, heard the monotone timbre. “You don’t believe me,” she concluded.

			When he didn’t reply, but just continued to peer down at her, she wavered between being curious and offended. Hell, no one said the two had to be mutually exclusive.

			“Present situation aside, I’m not in the habit of lying. Care to tell me why you don’t believe me?” She thrust up a hand, palm out, when his lips parted. “And don’t you dare say you don’t know what I’m talking about.”

			His mouth firmed into a straight line, and his eyes narrowed. Silence beat between them, but she was raising a teenager; she could out-stubborn him any day.

			“My eyes are weird, not pretty. You should save the meaningless compliments for when we have an audience. They’re wasted when the two of us are alone,” he stated in that same aloof tone.

			He’d meant to shut her down. Hurt her feelings and force her into dropping the subject. And oh, goal almost accomplished. Her chest throbbed where that cold arrow had taken a direct hit. Maybe if she hadn’t caught the thread of hurt beneath the steel, she might have let it go.

			“Ouch,” she drawled. And something that could’ve been regret flickered in his eyes before the shadows shielded it. Risking more rejection, she shifted closer and clasped his head between her hands, tilting it down so this time she was the one forcing him to meet her gaze. “You listen to me. I don’t know what asshole put it into your head that your eyes are weird or anything less than unique and beautiful but screw them. No,” she snapped, when he covered her hands with his and tried to remove them from his face. “They are beautiful. Gorgeous. Intelligent. Different. Bold. You. In this pretentious world of yours where conformity is mistaken for perfection, you are utterly perfect. And anyone who says differently can get fucked.”

			His eyes flared with shock, a heartbreaking and maddening uncertainty and...delight. Joy that should’ve terrified her—and God, it did—swelled behind her ribcage. Afraid of what her face might reveal, she dropped her arms and turned away, taking a step in the direction the staff member had indicated.

			But a muscled arm wrapping around her waist drew her up short. A hard chest pressed against her back, tuxedo jacket lapels brushing the skin bared by her backless gown.

			“When you greet my father, I’d suggest you not tell him to get fucked,” he drawled. Before it could fully sink in that it’d been his own parent who’d criticized him, Grayson tightened his hold on her and pressed his lips against her hair. “Thank you,” he whispered.

			He released her, took her hand in his and guided her forward.

			Silently, she exhaled a deep, slow breath.

			Okay. Still feeling the imprint of his arm and the caress of his mouth, she straightened her shoulders and hiked her chin. Tendrils of hope cautiously bloomed within her.

			Maybe this night wouldn’t be as bad as she’d assumed.



* * *



			You know what they say about assuming.

			The taunt floated through her head as she stood near the huge balcony doors of the ornate ballroom. Massive crystal chandeliers provided more than enough light for her to glimpse the elaborate gardens beyond the spotless glass.

			Sighing, she turned from the temptation of the great outdoors and surveyed the grand room filled with Chicago’s wealthiest, most famous and celebrated. For the first hour after she and Grayson arrived, he’d stayed by her side, refusing to leave her alone. And she’d appreciated his solid presence. It’d been easier to maneuver these choppy society waters with him.

			But ten minutes ago, his father had cornered him and practically yanked him away to speak to business associates. Since then, she’d smiled and murmured hellos to those who didn’t stare right through her, floating through the crowd like a ghost.

			She strolled to one of the many framed photographs of Grayson’s parents and family that were mounted throughout the ballroom. Pausing before the one that included all three Chandler children as well as Daryl and Cherise, she studied it. Grayson’s parents sat on a white settee, while Grayson, Jason and Melanie formed a semicircle behind them, Jason in the middle, standing a couple of inches taller than a younger Grayson.

			Her attention, almost of its own will, focused on Grayson’s older brother. In this picture, he appeared to be in his late twenties. Handsome, refined, a little reserved. But he was the only one who touched his parents. One hand settled on his father’s shoulder and the other on his mother’s. Cherise had one arm lifted, her bejeweled, slim fingers covering her son’s.

			That the only sign of warmth in the picture was between the oldest son and his parents was...telling.

			And sad.

			“We make quite a spectacle, don’t we?” a cultured voice laced with amusement and a hint of deprecation said.

			Nadia glanced away from the photograph to Melanie, who stood beside her. Nadia had been so caught up in her scrutiny of the image, she hadn’t heard Grayson’s sister approach. The older woman had been the only person to warmly greet Nadia this evening, and a rush of relief washed over her.

			“It’s very dignified,” Nadia said, opting for diplomacy.

			Melanie snorted, a favorite sign of disdain she shared with her brother. “Stuffy as hell is what I think you mean.” She smiled, her blue eyes gleaming. “What you can’t see is Gray goosing Jason, trying to make him break his austere demeanor. Only by sheer force of will did Jason maintain that expression. Dad and Mother had no idea what was going on behind them.”

			Nadia laughed, seeing the picture with new eyes now in light of the story. She picked up the twinkle in Jason’s eyes, the barest of bare smiles on Grayson’s mouth. And the slightest hunch of Melanie’s shoulders as if she were silently midlaugh.

			“You remind me of my brother and me,” she mused, smiling with real warmth for the first time that evening. “We are always teasing one another, too.”

			The light in Melanie’s gaze dimmed, but the love as she stared at the picture remained. “Jason, Gray and I, we had a...complicated relationship. But we did love one another. And there were times like this one where we enjoyed one another. In those moments you realize there’s nothing more important than family.”

			“I couldn’t agree more,” Cherise Chandler interjected, appearing on the other side of her daughter. She glanced at the photograph, and for an instant, grief flashed in her eyes. But in the next moment, the emotion disappeared; her blue gaze, so like her daughter’s, was hard like diamonds as she turned to Nadia. “Family is the most important thing in this life.”

			Did she refer to life, in the abstract, or “this life,” as in the world of Chicago’s elite? Since this was Grayson’s mother, Nadia was going with the latter.

			“I missed the opportunity to wish you a happy anniversary earlier when I arrived, Mrs. Chandler. Congratulations,” Nadia said, offering the other woman a smile.

			And as she’d expected, it wasn’t returned. “Thank you.” Cherise nodded. Once more, she glanced at the picture of her family, but this time resolve hardened her features. “Forty-five years of not just marriage, but family, shared experiences, commonality. Yes, loss but also strength and loyalty. Above all loyalty.”

			“Mom,” Melanie murmured, but her mother shot her daughter a sharp glance.

			“This needs to be said, Melanie,” Cherise replied before returning her attention to Nadia. “Six months ago, this...dalliance Grayson has with you wouldn’t have mattered to me. You would’ve been one of many. But now you’re like that company of his—a lark, a distraction from what’s important. While he should be focusing on what’s best for this family’s legacy, he’s playing CEO with a business that won’t be around in another few years. While he should be considering his own future with a wife who will benefit him both socially and financially, he’s wasting time with you. You and that company of his are amusements, diversions for a man who doesn’t have responsibilities, who doesn’t have a duty to his family. Amusements and diversions none of us can afford.”

			Each word struck Nadia like well-aimed, poison-tipped darts, and she nearly shrank away in pain and humiliation.

			But damn if she would allow Cherise Chandler to witness her wounds. Later, she would curl up around her battered pride and try to regroup. But right now? She would never give the other woman the satisfaction of watching her crumble.

			“That’s enough, Mother,” Melanie bit out, anger vibrating through the frosty reprimand. “Nadia is Gray’s choice and guest. This disrespect is beneath all of us.”

			“You’re wrong,” Nadia interrupted Melanie, her gaze meeting Cherise’s without flinching. And though, inside, Nadia still trembled from Cherise’s verbal slap, her voice didn’t waver. “Grayson isn’t playing at CEO—he is one. And his brilliance and boldness have propelled the company into success. They’ve already changed the landscape of technology and finance. And KayCee Corp will continue to do so—years from now.”

			The passion that swelled inside her and throbbed in her voice was disproportionate for a fake fiancée, but she didn’t care. Everything she stated was true. And it was a damn shame his mother didn’t recognize his accomplishments.

			“And you very well could be right about me. Maybe I’m not the woman who will—how did you put it?—benefit him socially and financially. But who do you believe that woman to be? Adalyn?”

			“She belongs here. In our world. Unlike you,” Cherise snapped. “They are the same.”

			Nadia shook her head. “There’s so much more to him than how many generations back he can trace his family tree, the blue of his blood or the number of zeroes in his net worth. He’s a man, flesh and blood. He needs someone who understands him, who sees beyond the social masks, who will support and love him unconditionally.”

			“And you actually believe you’re that woman?” Cherise scoffed.

			“I don’t know,” Nadia answered honestly. “But he doesn’t think Adalyn is. And my heart breaks for him, because it doesn’t seem like you are, either.” She stepped back, glancing at Melanie. She reached for a smile and failed. “It was nice seeing you again, Melanie. If you’ll both excuse me.”

			She walked off, not glancing back, her hands trembling in the folds of her dress.

			When she’d made that bargain with Grayson, she should’ve asked for hazard pay.



* * *



			Grayson charged down the hall. Away from the study where he’d allowed his father to lure him with the promise of “It’ll only be a couple of minutes.” A couple of minutes had turned into damn near thirty. His father had ambushed him, arranging for several board members to join them, where he’d come just short of announcing that Grayson would be returning to the Chandler International fold.

			Only respect had locked down his vitriolic tirade. Respect and the ever-present guilt that Chandler International was his duty. That he owed his father and mother this because the son they’d wanted, the son they truly loved, had been snatched from them. No, it wasn’t his fault that Jason had died so suddenly, so nonsensically. But still, his parents had lost their son. Even if Grayson was the booby prize, didn’t he owe them this?

			A Chandler to replace a Chandler. A son for a son.

			Rage, powerlessness and grief churned in his gut, surging to his chest and up his throat until he had to swallow convulsively against the bellow of fury that clawed at him, demanding to be loosed.

			The noose of obligation, duty and love tightened around his neck, choking him even as it dragged him inexorably closer to a future that had been meant for Jason, not him.

			“Grayson?”

			He didn’t contain his growl at the sound of the soft, feminine voice calling his name. Drawing to an abrupt halt, he slowly pivoted, facing Adalyn. Any other man would look at his ex and see a beautiful, confident woman of class and sophistication. Any other man would notice the lovely green eyes, the delicate facial features and the slender body exquisitely showcased in a gown that undoubtedly bore a label from a coveted designer.

			What they might miss would be the calculating gleam in those emerald depths or the smile that carried the barest hint of cruelty. When Grayson had been in love with her, he hadn’t caught those details, blinded by loveliness and charm. But now, as she neared him with a sultry stride, they were all he saw.

			“What do you want, Adalyn?” he demanded. “And let’s skip the part where we pretend this meeting is by chance.”

			Anger glinted in her gaze for a second before her thick lashes fluttered down, hiding the emotion. Hiding the truth. “I don’t mind admitting I’ve been waiting all evening for the opportunity to have you to myself. You’ve been so—” her mouth twisted, that cruelty making more of an appearance before her smile returned “—occupied of late that we haven’t had time alone to talk.”

			He sighed, thrusting his hands into his pants pockets. “Because we have nothing to talk about,” he ground out. “We broke up over a year ago. Anything you deemed important enough to converse about could’ve been accomplished in that time. Since you didn’t search me out, and I damn sure didn’t go looking for you, I’m going to assume whatever it is you suddenly have to say can’t be vital.”

			“I’ve missed you,” she whispered, shifting closer to him.

			If not for the two years he’d spent as the star pupil in the School of Adalyn Hayes, he might’ve fallen for the soft longing in her voice. For the lovely pleading in her eyes. But not only had he walked away with a degree in disillusionment and pain when their relationship ended, he’d left with a heart made of stone. And it pumped mistrust and scorn rather than blood. Rather than love.

			Obviously, taking his disdainful silence as encouragement, she moved nearer until her floral fragrance filled his nose, and she laid a hand on his chest. Over the heart she’d betrayed.

			“We had good times together, Grayson. I wish you would let yourself remember them. I do,” she said, tilting her head back. “I remember how we laughed. How we were nearly inseparable. How you treated me like a queen. How you touched me, giving me more pleasure than any man ever had before or since.” Her breath quickened, and she trailed a fingertip over his jaw. “We were so good together. You can’t deny that. And you can’t deny that you loved me.”

			No, he couldn’t deny it. But then, he hadn’t been aware that sex had just been another tool in her arsenal. A way to make him fall in line.

			“And this return of memories has nothing to do with the business deal between your father and mine?” He arched an eyebrow. “The timing is just a coincidence?”

			She shrugged a shoulder. “Our families have always been business associates. At one time, you didn’t see anything wrong with making that bond even stronger with marriage.”

			“You’re right. At one time, I didn’t,” he agreed. “But that was then, and right now I’m thankful that I didn’t marry a woman who found me—and my bank account—interchangeable with any other man.”

			He stepped back, allowing her hand to fall away from him.

			Fury tightened her features, hardening them. “So do you think that cow out there is better than me? Everyone is laughing at you, at her. She’s a joke, and you’re the punch line.”

			“And here’s the real Adalyn. I was wondering how long it would be before she made an appearance,” he drawled, then shifting forward, eliminating the space he’d inserted, he quietly snarled, “And you go on believing you’re untouchable. That because of your face and your father’s name that you’re beyond reproach. But I’m more than willing to be the one to show you differently. And if you insult Nadia one more time, if I hear you even utter her name with anything less than delight, I’ll take you down. Strip you of the so-called friends you surround yourself with. Destroy that sterling reputation you hold so dear. I’ll take the gilded cage of your world apart bar by bar and, Adalyn? I’ll enjoy the hell out of it.”

			Leaving her staring at him in shock, he pivoted and stalked away from her. With every step, weariness slowly replaced the anger, the gratification.

			God, he was just...tired. Tired of the machinations. The games. The agendas.

			He needed to escape this hallway. Get away from Adalyn.

			From the reminder of how false beautiful faces could be. How relationships weren’t based on love, trust or respect but were barter systems, founded in how much one party could cull from the other. All he had to do was examine the evidence in his own life.

			His relationship with his parents.

			With Adalyn.

			With Nadia.

			They were lies built upon a foundation of greed.

			And he wanted to raze it all to the ground.





Thirteen


			Nadia glanced at Grayson, the shadows from passing streetlamps whispering over his sharp features like ebbing waves. When he’d returned to the ballroom and located her over an hour ago, something had changed in his demeanor. Oh, he was still polite and charming, the playboy and charismatic businessman both making appearances, but he’d been...colder. More distant. Tension seemed to vibrate within him, and it set her on edge.

			What had happened between the time his father had asked to speak with him and his reappearance? Even now, tucked in his town car and nearing her house, the question lodged in her throat. As if part of her were too afraid to ask. Afraid of the answer.

			Turning from him, she gazed sightlessly out her window. Though it’d only taken a little over a half hour for them to leave the lakefront and reach her Bridgeport neighborhood, the change in worlds might as well have been light-years apart. No majestic mansions, huge iron gates or long private drives. Just weathered storefronts, parks abandoned for the night, brick greystones and bungalows and quiet streets caught between its industrial past and its rejuvenating, diverse present. It’d been her home for only a little over a year, but it felt more welcoming than the town where she’d spent most of her life. And definitely more welcoming than the entitled world she’d just left.

			The world Grayson belonged in.

			You and that company of his are amusements and diversions for a man who doesn’t have responsibilities, who doesn’t have a duty to his family. Amusements and diversions none of us can afford.

			Cherise’s words rang in her head, reverberating in her soul, rattling loose the ghosts she’d convinced herself had been exorcised. She’d been an amusement, a diversion for Jared. This engagement to Grayson might be a sham, but his parents didn’t know that. His friends didn’t. Those columnists and bloggers didn’t. So to the world, she’d once more become what she’d promised herself she wouldn’t ever again.

			Someone’s “for now.” Because she wasn’t worthy enough to be his “forever.”

			She sucked in a shaky breath, clinging to the tattered remnants of her pride and wrapping them around her like Cinderella’s ash-stained rags. Only this didn’t end in a fairy tale. When this pretense with Grayson concluded, she would be two hundred and fifty thousand dollars richer, but she would still be on her side of the tracks, and he would return to his glittering, privileged tower.

			The car slowed to a stop, and she blinked, glimpsing the familiar houses on her street. Grayson exited the car, rounded the hood and pulled her door open. He extended a hand to her like he’d done when they’d arrived at the mansion hours ago. Like then, she placed her palm over his and let him help her stand on the curb bordering her house.

			“I’ll walk you up,” he said.

			“That’s not necessary. Ezra’s home,” she objected, suddenly needing this night to end. She had wounds to lick, emotional armor to reinforce.

			“I’ll walk you up,” he repeated in a tone that brooked no argument.

			“Fine,” she murmured, and led the way up the short walk to her porch. She removed the key from her clutch purse and slid it into the lock. As she turned it and grasped the doorknob, a hard chest pressed into her. She gasped. Even through the layers of their clothes, Grayson’s heat burned into her, warming her against the cold November night air. He pressed his forehead against the back of her head, and with her hair swept over her shoulder, his breath bathed the nape of her neck. “Gray?”

			“Let me come in,” he rasped. Except for his forehead and his chest, he didn’t touch her, but the quiet desperation in his voice grasped her as tightly as if he’d wrapped his arms around her. “I...” He paused, audibly swallowing. “I need you.”

			The ragged tone, the harshness that seemed heavy with loneliness didn’t speak of physical desire—well, not only that. It was thick with more. With a hunger that exceeded sex. A hunger for connection, for...her.

			“Please.”

			The entreaty shuddered through her. She squeezed her eyes shut and twisted the knob. And pushed the door open.

			They walked through together, and she reached behind her, blindly searching for his hand. Locating it, she twined their fingers together and led him to her bedroom. For a moment, nervousness over how he would view her tiny room with its secondhand, scratched furniture, queen-sized bed and threadbare rug washed over her. But then Grayson’s hands were cupping her shoulders, turning her and pressing her against the wall next to the closed door.

			His big body curved into her smaller one, and he surrounded her. Covered her. And then his mouth crashed to hers, consumed her.

			She moaned under his lips, and he crooned, “Shh.” Warning her to keep quiet, not to disturb Ezra.

			Nodding, she tilted her head, opened her mouth wider to his voracious kiss. He was...ravenous. Barely granting her time to breathe. But, God, every lick, every draw on her tongue, every pull on her lips... She didn’t need air. Not when he fed her his.

			Greedy hands shoved her coat from her shoulders, jerked down the zipper at her side, dragged the dress off her. He didn’t even leave the scrap of thong on her body, leaving her bare and vulnerable. Trembling.

			With equally quick movements, he rid himself of his clothes, removing his wallet before casting his pants aside. Hauling her into his arms again, he backed her toward the bed, but enough of her senses remained unclouded by lust to shake her head.

			“Not there. The bed squeaks,” she warned on a pant.

			On a growl, he yanked the bedspread off the mattress and threw it on the floor. Then, he sank to it, taking her with him. Once more, he covered her, notching his hips between her legs. She encircled his shoulders with her arms, holding him so close she swore she could feel every muscle, tendon and beat of his pulse against her. They kissed, tongues tangling, breaths mating. He nipped at her lips, chin, throat. And she fought down a whimper when he levered off her. But he only left to sheathe himself, returning, bringing his heavy, delicious weight back to her. Again, she wrapped herself around him, her legs joining the embrace.

			“Please, Gray,” she pleaded. Unashamedly. This might have started with him needing something from her, but she was just as desperate for him. Craving those moments where she didn’t feel so empty. Only Grayson had given her that.

			She buried her face in his neck, drowning in the physical pleasure and refusing to dwell on why Grayson could give her the peace and sense of safety she’d never found with anyone else.

			He slipped a hand behind her neck, cradling her as he pushed inside.

			She waited, breath suspended, expecting him to destroy her with the fierceness of his passion like the two previous times they’d come together. Like his kiss and touch since they’d entered her house.

			But instead, he held still above her, his big body balanced on his forearms, his face hovering over hers. Slowly, so slowly time seemed to stutter, he dipped his head. Brushed his lips over the corner of her mouth. Swept another barely-there kiss to the other side.

			He was still set on destroying her. But with tenderness instead of fury.

			Give me the storm, her mind railed. She could get lost in the storm. Could be tossed and plundered by it. But this gentle rain... This she wanted to let bathe her, creep beneath skin and bone to quench a thirst born of a neglected girl, a rejected woman. A thirst she could usually deny existed.

			Except when he kissed her with rain.

			“What are you offering me, Nadia?” he asked, taking her back to that night of the blackout when he’d asked her the same thing. When their time had been limited to a few short hours of pleasure. Before she’d known this beautiful, powerful, flawed man.

			“Me,” she whispered. “All of me.”

			Her answer was the same—but different. Then she’d added, “for tonight.” This time she didn’t add boundaries, an expiration date, although they had one. And from the narrowing of his eyes and the harsh rasp of his breath, he’d noticed the omission.

			He withdrew from her, slow, deliberate. And thrust back into her with enough power to yank a gasp from her throat.

			“Quiet, baby,” he murmured, covering her mouth with his palm. Bending his head so his lips grazed her ear, he whispered, “I need you to keep quiet for me.”

			Then he consumed her.

			She strained beneath each plunge, taking each piston of his hips as if it were her due, her reward. He rode her, branding her flesh with his cock, marking her.

			And God help her, she let him. She welcomed it.

			And when pleasure crashed over her like a wave determined to drag her under, she welcomed it, too.

			Because he came with her.



* * *



			“You’re doing this because of your brother, aren’t you?” Grayson murmured.

			Nadia stilled in tracing random patterns over Grayson’s bare chest. They hadn’t moved from the floor, and with her limbs weighted down with satisfaction and lethargy, she didn’t want to. Not with his large body under hers, his warmth radiating against her, and the sheet he’d dragged from the bed covering them.

			He didn’t expound on his question, but he didn’t need to. She understood what he meant by “this.” Her mind waged a battle against her heart over answering. He’d seen her naked, had touched and kissed every inch of her, but somehow admitting this would bare her even more. And she wrestled with giving that to him. What if he used the information against her? Did she trust him?

			In the end, her heart made the decision. And won.

			“Yes,” she said. “How did you know?”

			“I didn’t at first,” he admitted. “But I never stopped wondering why you would agree to my offer when you first turned it down. Given what I’ve discovered about you, money in itself wouldn’t be enough to motivate you. Not when you have an issue accepting even a dress from me. But for your brother? You’ve sacrificed so much for him already. You would do anything for Ezra. Including pretending to be my fiancée. And enduring everything that comes with it.”

			She hesitated, but then nodded against his chest. “Ezra was accepted into Yale. I found out the afternoon after I left your office. He was awarded a partial scholarship, but without going into debt, we couldn’t afford to send him.”

			“The two hundred and fifty thousand,” he said softly.

			“The amount of tuition for four years,” she confirmed.

			Silence fell between them, only the hushed sounds of their breaths filling the room. But he didn’t doze off beneath her. Though his fingers sifted through her hair, tension stiffened his body. The urge to comfort, to soothe whatever bothered him rode her. Gathering her courage, she pushed herself up on her elbow. But before she could question him, Grayson lifted his other hand to her jaw and lightly traced the line of it.

			“I’m ashamed when I look at you,” he said, and she flinched at the disgust in that confession. Disgust that wasn’t directed at her, but at himself. Even in the shadowed confines of the bedroom, she glimpsed the glitter of anger in his eyes. “You awe me, humble me. And I feel guilty for touching you, for taking what you give without reservation, without holding back, when I’m not worthy of it.”

			Stunned, she sat up, uncaring of her nudity. She stared down at him, blinking. Shock, like an ice-cold slap to the face, sent her reeling. “What?” she rasped. “Why would you say that? Think that?”

			That familiar shuttered expression settled on his face as he, too, rose, the sheet pooling around his hips. Anger, sadness and frustration welled within her. She wanted to take a hammer to that mask. Splinter it to pieces so he could never hide from her again.

			Why do you care? Three more months left, and it doesn’t matter.

			It mattered, dammit. It. Mattered.

			“You would give—and have given—everything for your family. Even your mother. You raised your brother, provided for him, and never left either one of them. You forfeited your own education so your brother could have his. You put your dreams on hold to make sure he could pursue his. Putting his needs above your own. That is you. It isn’t me.” He bit off the last words, a muscle ticking along his clenched jaw.

			“When Jason died,” he began again after several seconds, “it became my responsibility to take up where he left off. Chandler International isn’t just a family business—it’s a legacy. A heritage. And a Chandler has always headed it, leading it into the next generation. Without Jason, that falls to me. Even though I’ve received this birthright by default. Even though I’m considered second-best. Loyalty, duty—they come before personal needs. I should be honored to helm this company. But I’m not. I don’t want it. I’m not selfless like you, Nadia.”

			“What do you want, Gray?” she whispered, finding no pleasure in his compliment since he meant it to condemn himself.

			“To be free.”

			She understood the desperation in that quiet statement. How many times had she prayed, begged God to liberate her of her mother’s tainted shadow, of people’s low expectations, of the chains of responsibility?

			“Gray, I love Ezra with all my heart. But I wasn’t ready to be mother and sister to him. I wasn’t ready to drop out of high school to get a job and provide for him. I wasn’t ready to leave childhood—such as it was—behind and enter adulthood way too early. If I’d had a choice, I wouldn’t have. And there’s no guilt or shame in admitting that. Given the same circumstances that I faced, if I had to do it all over again, I would. Because he was more defenseless than me, more vulnerable. But if I’d been offered a different existence, a kinder one, I would’ve chosen that for both Ezra and me. One where our futures were our own to shape and forge.” She lifted a hand, and it hovered above his thigh before she settled it on him. “You have a choice. That’s power—your power. And you shouldn’t let anyone steal it away from you with their expectations and demands. They can have them, but you don’t have to live by them.”

			A humorless half smile ghosted across his lips. “You make it sound so simple.”

			She released an impatient sound that was something between a scoff and a curse. “Of course it’s not simple. Disappointing those we love and respect is never easy. But...” She squeezed the thick muscle of his thigh. “What are you afraid of?”

			He shook his head, a slight sneer curling the corner of his mouth. “I’m not—”

			“You are,” she insisted, interrupting him. She slashed her other hand through the air. “Forget that macho, masculine bullshit. What are you afraid of?”

			An internal battled waged over his face, in his eyes. Though part of her braced for his rejection, she curled her fingers around his. And only long moments later, when he flipped his hand around and gripped hers, did she exhale.

			“Killing what little pride in me my parents have left,” he finally rasped. The harsh timbre of his confession rubbed over her skin like sandpaper. And she cherished it. “Losing their love. Losing them.” His eyes closed, and the dense fringe of almost absurdly long lashes created deeper shadows. “But just as much, I fear who I will become if I give in and return to Chandler.” He lifted his lashes, and his blue-and-green gaze bore into hers. She met his stare, though the stark pain in it was almost too hard to glimpse. “I fear being trapped.”

			“Gray,” she breathed. On impulse, she climbed onto his lap, straddling him. Cupping his face in her palms, she leaned forward, pressing her chest to his, her forehead against his. “Oh, Gray.” She sighed. Easing back just enough so she could peer down into his eyes, she murmured. “You are...” Everything. “So worthy of your parents’ unconditional love and acceptance. Just because you are their son. But also because you’re beautiful, brilliant, a testament to the same pioneer spirit that started Chandler International, and devoted. Not surrendering to their demands doesn’t make you disloyal. It makes you the man they raised you to be. A man who thinks for himself. Who is successful. Who thrives in difficult situations. Who stands by his commitments, his dreams and his decisions. And if they can’t see that... If they can’t be proud of the person you are, their son, then that’s their issue, not yours. Never yours.”

			She wrapped her arms around his neck, ordered herself to stay quiet. That she’d said enough. Any more and she might reveal more than she intended. More than she could afford. But then she smoothed her thumbs over his sharp cheekbones. Swept them over his full, heart-stopping lips. Gazed into his beautiful eyes.

			And she couldn’t stop the last words from slipping free.

			“I’ve only known you—truly known you—for weeks. And, Gray, I’m proud to know you,” she whispered in his ear. “I’m proud of you. If no one else tells you, I will.”

			She brushed a kiss over the soft patch of skin beneath his earlobe. Another to the bridge of his nose. One more to his chin. And one to the center of his mouth.

			As if the last caress snapped a tether to his control, his arms whipped around her, hugging her so tightly her ribs twinged in protest, but she didn’t ask him to release her. Instead, she clasped him closer, as well. And when his mouth took hers, she opened to him. Surrendering. Giving.

			Falling.





Fourteen


			Nadia stepped off the elevator onto her floor Monday morning. Greeting several early arrivals like herself, she made her way to her desk.

			You can’t just walk around smiling like a ninny. Jeesh.

			The exasperated admonishment echoing in her head didn’t dim the wattage of her soft grin at all. Not when the most nonsensical, bright joy glowed in her chest like a lamp on the highest setting.

			All because she’d woken up next to the man she loved Sunday morning.

			Yes, she loved Grayson Chandler.

			More than a little panic simmered beneath her happiness. Somewhere in the last few weeks, she’d ignored every warning to herself. Had broken every promise, disregarded every cautionary tale and fallen for the man she’d sworn would remain off-limits. The last time this sense of excitement, fear and hope had trembled in her heart over a man, the demise of the relationship had nearly destroyed her.

			But Grayson wasn’t Jared.

			Yes, Grayson had initially thrown money at her to get his way, but his motives had been altruistic, to avoid causing further grief to someone he loved. Yes, he was arrogant and domineering, but he was also selfless, generous, a little broken but possessing a beauty even he didn’t recognize.

			So, yes, she’d fallen for him.

			And she couldn’t decide if she was foolish as hell...or taking a wondrous leap of faith.

			She could still feel the phantom press of his body as she dozed after making love—

			She rolled the phrase around in her mind. Had they made love? On her part? Yes. On his...

			Her belly knotted, pulling taut. She didn’t know. Grayson certainly enjoyed sex with her, but did he see her as more than his fake fiancée and occasional bed partner?

			Could he love her?

			That damn, flighty hope shivered inside her again, and she dumped her purse on her desk with one hand and rubbed a spot on her chest with the other. Directly underneath her fingers, her heart beat out a nervous tattoo.

			“Good morning, Ms. Jordan,” Mr. Webber greeted, stopping in front of her desk.

			His gaze dropped to the big rock on her ring finger before lifting back to her face. Ever since it’d become office gossip that she and Grayson were “engaged,” her supervisor had been a little guarded with her. As if unsure how to treat her—a regular employee or his future employer. Either way, there hadn’t been any more requests for weekend work.

			“Morning, Mr. Webber,” she replied with a smile, opening her bottom drawer and storing her bag in it. She reached for her computer and booted it up. “Is there anything I can get you?”

			“Could you email today’s schedule to me?” he asked.

			She fought not to roll her eyes. Because she sent him the next day’s schedule every evening before she left. He’d had it sitting in his inbox since Friday night. But instead of telling him to check his mail, she nodded and murmured, “Sure thing.”

			Her boss entered his office, and she lowered into her chair, ready to get the day started. Speaking of today’s schedule, she needed to check her phone to see if Grayson had added anything for them to attend tonight. Weeks ago, he’d synched their calendars so if he added an event, the notification would pop up. But first...

			Swallowing an irritated sigh, she opened her email and composed a new message, attached Mr. Webber’s schedule and sent it off. She moved the mouse to the minimize button when a bold message in her inbox from an address she didn’t recognize snagged her attention. Curious, she clicked on it.

			Then frowned. Not understanding what she read. But if the words took moments to sink in, the pictures that populated the email did not.

			Her heart pummeled her sternum so hard it hurt her chest. Air that had moved in and out of her lungs so easily just seconds ago jammed in her throat. Thank God. Because it blocked the pained whimper from escaping.

			She scrolled through image after image.

			Grayson and Adalyn standing close in a hallway, her hand curled into his tuxedo jacket.

			Adalyn touching Grayson’s jaw in a lover’s caress, wearing a sensual smile.

			Grayson with his head bent low over Adalyn, their faces so close their mouths nearly brushed.

			There were ten in all, revealing a couple caught in an intimate moment.

			From the clothing, the pictures were taken at the Chandlers’ anniversary party. Where had Nadia been while Grayson and Adalyn met? Had she been defending herself against his mother while he cuddled up with his supposedly hated ex? Had Cherise been a distraction while those two arranged to meet?

			Question after question bombarded her, and she wanted to cry out with the onslaught. She shoved to her feet, her chair rolling back to hit the wall behind her. Ignoring the curious glances thrown her way, she flattened her palms to the desk, unable to tear her gaze from the images. With trembling fingers and humiliation blazing a path through her, she moved the mouse, scrolling up to the message above the pictures.

			I didn’t want to have to resort to such measures, but you didn’t leave me another choice. If you won’t believe my words, then maybe you will believe pictures since they’re supposed to be worth a thousand of them. Grayson has never stopped loving me, as you can very well see. Whatever you think you have with him, it’s not real. You’re doing nothing but making a fool of yourself. Find your dignity and walk away with at least some of your pride intact.

			There wasn’t a signature, but one didn’t need to be included. Adalyn. She’d discovered Nadia’s email address and blindsided her at work with proof of the unresolved feelings between her and Grayson.

			Wait, wait. Grayson had been adamant, when they first struck their bargain, that he’d never reunite with Adalyn. If something had happened between then and now to change his mind, he would’ve told her... Wouldn’t he?

			Yes.

			The part of her that stubbornly clung to belief in his integrity hissed out the agreement. There had to be an explanation for the pictures. For the emotion and intensity that seemed to vibrate from them.

			Before she could reconsider her decision, she hit Print on the email. Moments later, she snatched up the still-warm papers and headed toward the elevators. Though Mr. Webber would probably reprimand her if he exited his office to find her gone, she was willing to risk it.

			She needed answers.

			Minutes later, she stepped out on the executive floor of KayCee Corp and strode towards Grayson’s office. Mrs. Ross, his administrative assistant, glanced up as she neared, a polite but welcoming smile curving her mouth. Nadia forced herself to return the gesture, even if it felt brittle on her lips.

			“Good morning, Mrs. Ross,” she said, surprised by how even her voice sounded. “Is Grayson, I mean, Mr. Chandler in?”

			“He had to step out of his office for a moment.” The older woman swept a hand toward the closed double doors. “But I’m sure he wouldn’t mind if you went in and waited for him. He should return shortly.”

			“Thank you,” she murmured, heading toward his office. Once inside, she closed the doors behind her and exhaled, leaning against the wood.

			Just ask him. I’ll just ask him. He’ll explain and everything will be fine.

			She nodded as if someone else had offered the advice and pushed off the door. There had to be an explanation. She’d encountered Adalyn Hayes only a handful of times, but they’d been enough to tell the woman was manipulative and wouldn’t be above trickery to get what she wanted. Which, in this case, was Grayson.

			The cool logic of the argument blew on the flames of hurt and humiliation burning inside her. She crossed to Grayson’s desk to sit in one of the visitor chairs to wait on him.

			“What the hell?” she breathed.

			She stared down at the manila envelope with her name typed across the label. The email printout floated from her numb fingers to the top of Grayson’s desk. The thought of respecting his privacy and not opening the file didn’t occur to her. And before she could convince herself it wasn’t a good idea to snoop, she already had the flap opened and the thin sheaf of papers freed.

			Stunned, she read the private investigator’s report.

			Marion Jordan, town drunk and whore. Children by two different men.

			Nadia Jordan’s arrest record.

			High school dropout.

			Everything about her past—about her—in black-and-white. In startling, stark detail.

			Anger. Pain. Shame. They all seared her, rendering her to a pile of ash. She couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think, couldn’t... Oh God, she just couldn’t.

			“Nadia.”

			The papers fluttered to the floor as she slowly pivoted at the sound of the deep voice that she adored...and now resented.

			Grayson watched her, his unique eyes hooded. Examining. He knew what she’d discovered, what she’d been reading.

			“You had me investigated,” she stated, amazed at the flat tone. Shouldn’t her voice be a pitted, ragged mess from all the internal screaming? First his ex’s email, then this report. Both of them had emotionally flayed her, and she should at least sound like it. “You pretended not to know about me, about my mother, my life in Georgia, when you knew all along.”

			“I didn’t order that report. My father did,” he said, that inscrutable, aloof mask firmly in place. Except for his eyes. They remained alert, bright.

			“But you didn’t tell me about it, either,” she accused. Releasing a chuckle that abraded her throat, she shook her head. “And all the way here, I was telling myself that you wouldn’t lie to me. That if you had something to tell me, you would be upfront about it. Not hide anything from me. Then I find that.”

			Like a movie reel cut to the slowest speed, she replayed all the moments she’d shared with him. How she’d showed him her heart. And the whole time, he’d already known. Had already been judging...

			“What are you talking about, Nadia?” he demanded, eyes narrowing as he advanced on her. “I haven’t lied to you. That thing,” he flicked a hand toward the report scattered on the floor, “doesn’t mean anything to me. My father had you investigated to prove a meaningless point. I don’t care where you were born or who your mother is. I care about the woman standing in front of me. You should know that by now.”

			“Then about this?” she whispered, picking up the pictures from where she’d dropped them and thrusting them toward him.

			He didn’t remove his eyes from her until his fingers closed around the papers. As he read the email and studied the pictures, his features darkened until his scowl could’ve incinerated the whole office. Finally, he lifted his head and fury lit his blue and green gaze.

			“Where did you get these?”

			She shivered at the barely leashed rage vibrating in the question. “An email from Adalyn, I’m guessing. It was waiting for me when I arrived at work this morning.”

			“This is BS,” he growled, tossing the email to the seat of the visitor’s chair. “I don’t know how Adalyn arranged for those pictures to be taken, but they’re misleading and false.” He thrust a hand through his hair, disheveling the thick strands. “She cornered me at my parents’ party, and we argued. She did get close to me, touch me, but what those pictures don’t show is me pushing her away. They don’t contain an audio file of me telling her there’s no way in hell there could ever be an ‘us’ again. Of me threatening her about insulting you again. She’s a vindictive bitch who’s seeing dollar signs in her future and refuses to take no for an answer.”

			Nadia couldn’t speak, the hurt from the email and the report too fresh. She’d arrived at work hopeful, cautiously happy. But now, she’d curled back into her protective shell, too afraid to place her bruised heart on the line.

			“Nadia.” He sighed, again running his fingers through his hair, gripping it before dropping his arm to his side. “Do you know why I ended my relationship with Adalyn?” He glanced away for a brief moment, before returning his focus to her, shadows darkening his eyes. “The night of the anniversary party, Adalyn told me that I loved her. And she was right. I did. With everything in me. When I thought of my future, I couldn’t picture it without her in it. Did I know she wasn’t perfect? Yes, but who was? She was everything to me. Until she wasn’t.”

			He stalked across the room toward the floor-to-ceiling window behind his desk. She stared at his back, the tense set of his shoulders. A part of her wanted to urge him to continue. But a greater, more fearful part, didn’t want to hear it.

			“Just after we were engaged, we attended her friend’s engagement party. I stepped outside to take a phone call, and when I finished, I heard Adalyn and her friend on the far side of the balcony. I headed in their direction, but then I heard snatches of the conversation. It was about me. And Jason. She told her friend that she’d managed to catch me, but only because my brother turned her down. She’d tried to seduce him, but he hadn’t been interested. So she pursued me and won me. In her words, one Chandler brother was as good as another just as long as she landed one of them. The man didn’t matter—the inheritance did. I loved her, but she loved my money and the lifestyle it would afford her.”

			“Gray,” she breathed, pain for the man he’d been weakening her legs. Reaching out, she steadied herself on the edge of his desk. “I’m so sorry. No one deserves that kind of betrayal. Especially you.”

			“It’s over with. In the past,” he said, his tone abrupt as he spun to face her with his hands stuffed into his pockets. “The only reason I’m going into it is so you can understand that however those pictures might appear, there will never be anything between Adalyn and me again. I haven’t lied to you.”

			She believed him. But that didn’t beat back the sadness, the foreboding and the buckling sense of loss that swept over her, threatening to drag her under. Because while she accepted the truth about Adalyn, she also couldn’t deny another certainty.

			He couldn’t love her.

			She would never be more than a buffer between him, his mother and ex-fiancée.

			The death of that resurrected hope stabbed her, and she sucked in a breath, willing the pain to recede. But it wouldn’t. She’d been a fool twice. And this time, it was much worse. At least with Jared, she hadn’t known he was using her. With Grayson, she’d entered their bargain with eyes wide open. He’d even warned her against falling in love with him.

			...I don’t want to hurt you... Protect yourself from me...

			And now she understood. He could never trust another woman with his heart. Not after Adalyn had betrayed him so deeply. Yes, he’d been upfront about what he’d expected from Nadia and their bargain. She’d been the one to forget the consequences of dreaming, of hoping...

			She forced herself to straighten away from the desk. Though agony seemed to pulse through each of her limbs, she would face this like she hadn’t faced Jared.

			Head held high.

			With pride.

			And walking away.

			“You told me once that your greatest desire was to be free,” she reminded him softly. “But as long as you’re holding on to the past, you will never be completely free.”

			He frowned at her. “I’m not holding on to the past. After everything I’ve just said, you still think I want Adalyn?” he demanded, removing his hands from his pants pockets and splaying them wide. “Nadia—”

			“No.” She shook her head. “I believe you. But that doesn’t mean you’re not still trapped there, locked to her.” If she were smart, if she possessed even an inch of self-preservation, she would leave now. But she couldn’t. Not until she’d laid herself out there. She’d walk away, but it would be with no regrets. “You shared with me, so I’ll do the same. I have an Adalyn in my past, too. His name was Jared. He was a couple of years older than my twenty-two, the son of a town councilman, rich, handsome. And he said he loved me. I believed him. I wanted to believe him. That someone like him could find me beautiful, desirable...”

			“You are beautiful and desirable,” Grayson snapped.

			She smiled and didn’t try to mask the sadness in it. “He was the first man to make me see it in myself. Until, like you with Adalyn, I discovered the truth. I was his dirty little secret. Stupid me had thought we were in a real relationship, that he didn’t care about who my mother was, about my past, that he just loved me. I found out way too late that he’d been dating the daughter of his father’s buddy and planned on marrying her. But I shouldn’t have worried,” Nadia continued with a bitter crack of laughter. “He still intended to keep me, even though another woman would be his wife. In his eyes, I was supposed to be flattered that I would be his side piece.”

			“He was a bastard, Nadia,” Grayson growled. “A little boy masquerading as a man. You didn’t deserve that kind of disrespect or pain. That speaks more about him than it does your worth.”

			“I couldn’t agree more,” she said quietly. “I promised myself then that I would learn my lesson. That I would guard my heart, demand better for myself and never give my body or my soul away to someone who didn’t earn it. Who wasn’t worthy of it. In the last few weeks, I’ve broken my vow. Jared might have betrayed me years ago, but I’ve betrayed myself now.”

			He stepped toward her, his frown deepening. “Nadia. What are you saying?”

			She dragged in a breath, and it sounded ragged and painful in the room. “I’m saying that I’ve fallen in love with you. Against my better judgment, I have. And the man you are...” She pressed her palm to her chest, over her heart. “God, Gray, you’re so worthy. But so am I. I deserve to be honored, cherished, valued...loved.”

			He stared at her, his face etched out of stone, carefully aloof. “Nadia, you don’t mean that.”

			“Oh, but I do,” she countered, pain lacing every word. She didn’t have the strength to mask it. “I also realize you can’t give me what you don’t have. And maybe, a few years ago, I would’ve been okay with that. Taking crumbs. I’d like to think I wouldn’t have been. But then again, I’ve never met a man like you, Grayson Chandler. You’ve made me believe in love again.” A wistful smile curled her lips. “But being by your side these last few weeks has shown me what I could have. What I dream of obtaining one day. And I’m not willing to settle for less than that. For so long I’ve settled for half a life, desperately trying not to become my mother while raising Ezra. And though I have zero regrets about my brother, I’ve never focused on who I am. Who I want to be. I want more. I deserve more. In who I am and who I’m with.”

			“Goddamn it, Nadia,” he snarled, advancing on her a step, before drawing up short. “What do you expect me to say? That I love you, too? I’ve been honest with you about what I want from the beginning. Is this bait and switch supposed to be some kind of guilt trip?”

			His accusation slapped at her. But instead of flinching and cowering away from the impact, she hiked her chin higher. “I never asked for your heart or your love, Grayson,” she said, purposefully using his full name. “I’m not even offering you mine, because you can’t care for my heart. You can’t protect it. And I can no longer afford to put myself—or my heart—in the care of someone who doesn’t value it like it deserves. Not again.”

			She turned then, and though it cost her, she strode away from him toward his office door. Only when she grasped the knob and paused, did she speak again.

			“The night of the blackout, I didn’t tell you my identity or that I knew you because I wanted to have that night for myself. Ever since I started work here, I’ve been attracted to you. Crushed on you, as silly and immature as that sounds. You were always a gift to me. And for one night at least, I let myself have that gift. But that’ll teach me to reach too high. The fall, the breaking, isn’t worth it.”

			She opened his office door, and without glancing back, walked out on him.

			But not on herself. For the first time ever, she was walking toward herself.





Fifteen


			Grayson jerked his tie loose then off as he strode into his living room. He paused long enough to fix a Scotch at the bar before striding to the window. Before, the view of the Chicago skyline always soothed him. The strength, beauty and grit of the city with the soothing calm of Lake Michigan’s waters. They balanced each other, and they balanced him.

			Usually.

			That was before Nadia had walked out of his office a week ago after announcing she loved him. But didn’t trust him with her heart.

			His fingers tightened around the squat tumbler.

			Not that he’d asked for her heart. Or wanted it. Because he didn’t. He’d been down that road and had no interest in traveling it again. Only an idiot or a masochist would eagerly court that kind of disaster. That kind of pain.

			And he was neither.

			But when Nadia had said she loved him... He sipped the alcohol and relished the burn as it slid down his esophagus. The path of liquid fire distracted him from the precious second when a flame of joy had flickered in his chest when she’d admitted her love for him. Then, he could deny its existence. And in the long, brutal hours he’d put in at the office since she’d left, he could pretend he hadn’t felt that second of incandescent delight. Before he ruthlessly snuffed it out.

			While recounting the ending of his relationship with Adalyn, he’d relived that moment when he’d overheard her lies, her careless disregard for his love. Reexperienced the pain. The humiliation. Feeling that again...and with Nadia...

			He threw back the rest of the drink, closing his eyes. Adalyn had damn near destroyed him. Nadia would finish the job, if he let her.

			And he couldn’t.

			The intercom near the elevator doors buzzed. Shaking his head, he strode over to the entrance and pressed a button.

			“Yes?”

			“Mr. Chandler,” the lobby security guard said. “There’s a Mr. Ezra Jordan here to see you. Should I send him up?”

			Nadia’s brother? Grayson’s heart thudded against his rib cage. He should say no. Nadia had left his office, then quit her job, walking away from not just him but his company. She’d ended their association, so what could he and Ezra possibly have to talk about?

			“Send him up, please.”

			He was a glutton for punishment.

			And yet, he waited next to the doors and stood there to greet Ezra when he stepped from the elevator a minute later. Grayson didn’t say anything, just watched the teen stalk toward him, anger tightening his handsome features and vibrating off his frame. Ezra stopped directly in front of Grayson, shoving his locs out of his face as he glared at him.

			“You hurt her,” he barked, fury gleaming in his dark eyes. “You promised me you wouldn’t, and you did. She won’t tell me what happened between you two, but she’s not the same. She quit her job, man. So something must’ve gone down. You should’ve left her alone if you—”

			“She left me.” Grayson interrupted Ezra’s tirade, impatience brimming inside him. He needed this boy with Nadia’s eyes to leave so he could return to his obsessive brooding.

			“But you must’ve done something to make her do it,” Ezra snapped in return. “You’re the first man she’s opened up to since that asshole Jared. She doesn’t trust easy, and she damn sure doesn’t love easy. And I’m not blind. She loves you. But you just threw it, and her, away.”

			“I understand you want to defend your sister, Ezra. And if I was in your place, I would do the same for mine. But you don’t know all the details about what happened between your sister and me,” Grayson said.

			“I don’t care,” the seventeen-year-old snapped at him. Admiration swelled in Grayson for Ezra. Due to Grayson’s power, position and wealth, most men wouldn’t dare speak to him like Ezra was doing. But Ezra didn’t give a damn. Just like his sister. “I don’t need to know the details. The only thing that matters is Nadia has been through a lot—too much. She’s given up too much. She deserves the world. And if your head is too far up your ass, then it’s your loss. And that’s what I came over here to tell you. She’s the best thing that ever happened to you. If you’re too stupid to hold on to her, then that’s your bad. Not hers.”

			Jerking his chin up, he pinned Grayson with one last glare then spun around and marched back to the elevator. Grayson didn’t move as he disappeared behind the doors. Didn’t move as the minutes ticked by and the teen’s adamant and proud words echoed in his head.

			She’s the best thing that ever happened to you. If you’re too stupid to hold on to her, then that’s your bad. Not hers.

			How long he stood there, he didn’t know. He couldn’t move as the truth bombarded him, pummeling him and rendering him frozen.

			Frozen except for the rapid beat of his heart.

			Images of the past few weeks passed before him at light speed, and he locked his knees against the dizzy sensation that almost pushed him to his knees.

			From the moment they met in that hallway, locked for the night in the blackout, she’d seen him—really seen him—like no one else. Not even his family. She’d challenged him, gone toe to toe with him, shielded him, teased him, encouraged him...loved him.

			Gray, I’m proud to know you... I’m proud of you. If no one else tells you, I will.

			In this pretentious world of yours where conformity is mistaken for perfection, you are utterly perfect.

			I’ve never met a man like you, Grayson Chandler. You’ve made me believe in love again.

			Oh God. What had he done?

			What in the hell had he done?

			He loved Nadia.

			It’d been there all along, but he’d been so busy guarding his heart that he hadn’t recognized it. When the truth was, she’d captured his heart the night of the blackout. The night she’d called him a protector and offered herself to him, trusting him.

			She’d called him noble, and then he’d been too much of a coward to strip away his fear and tell her she didn’t have to ask for his heart. She already had it.

			But he still wasn’t worthy of it. That didn’t mean he wouldn’t move hell, heaven and earth to earn her heart, her belief that he would protect it, cherish it.

			Where once he’d been afraid to risk his pride and heart, that fear no longer trapped him.

			For Nadia, he would risk it all.





Sixteen


			Grayson entered his parents’ home, a sense of urgency tingling under his skin. Weeks ago, he would’ve been riddled with guilt, his shoulders weighed down by the heaviness of disappointment or even failure. But now, as he strode to the informal living room where his family often gathered, only determination and impatience flowed through him. This was a task he needed to get over with so he could move on to the more important business ahead of him: Nadia.

			The scene that awaited him was one he’d pictured in his mind. His father seated in his armchair near the fireplace, a book opened in his hands, flames dancing behind the iron screen. His mother, a planner splayed wide on her lap, settled on the love seat. And his sister sitting on the opposite end of the small couch, her laptop perched on her thighs. Yes, the scene was expected—and a little sad. They all sat in the same room as a family, but no one interacted, no one laughed or even lovingly argued. If he just replaced his father and mother with him and Adalyn, this would be their future.

			And he wanted none of it.

			His father glanced up from his book, noting Grayson in the living room entrance. “Grayson,” he said, a faint frown creasing his forehead. “This is a surprise. What brings you by?”

			His mother and sister looked up from their work, and Melanie stood, setting the laptop on the coffee table. She came over and planted a kiss on his cheek. “Good to see you, little brother.”

			He smiled, squeezing her shoulders. “Thanks. I came by to talk with all of you for a moment.” Not willing to beat around the bush, he leaped in. “It’s about assuming the CEO position of Chandler International.”

			At the announcement, he’d won his parents’ complete attention. A hint of satisfaction gleamed in his father’s eyes and slightly curved his mouth. His mother nodded, as if his decision to helm the family company had been a foregone conclusion.

			“I’m not returning to be CEO or take over when you retire, Dad.”

			A deafening silence filled the room, and his father blinked, staring at him. Seconds later, red mottled his father’s face, and he pushed to his feet, his eyes narrowing on Grayson. His mother also rose, her hand pressed to her chest. Beside him, Melanie touched his elbow, and that small show of support beat back the force of their disappointment and anger.

			“I know this isn’t what you wanted to hear, but it’s my final decision. I know the history and importance of Chandler International, and I respect it. And you may not see it this way, but I’m honoring that history by creating my own legacy with my company. The same hard work, spirit and determination that went into creating and building Chandler is going into KayCee Corp. It’s mine. It’s something I can leave my children along with Chandler International. This is my path, and I won’t abandon it out of guilt or a misplaced sense of loyalty.”

			“This is unacceptable, Grayson,” his father snapped. “Completely unacceptable. And I won’t hear of it.”

			“You’re going to have to, Dad,” he murmured. “And it might be unacceptable to you, but you must accept it. I’m not Jason,” he added quietly. “Heading Chandler was his dream, not mine. And I won’t be—I can’t be—a substitute for him.”

			His mother’s gasp echoed in the quiet.

			“That’s not what we were trying to do,” she objected, voice hoarse. “We just needed to impress on you the importance of this family’s tradition. It’s our strength, our power.”

			“No,” Grayson contradicted, shaking his head. “The people in this room are the strength and power of Chandler. All of us. Dad—” he turned his attention back to his father “—you’ve been so focused on me taking over the company that you overlooked the one Chandler who has worked hard by your side for years. Who knows the company just as well as Jason, and most importantly, wants to be there. Who enjoys being there, but hasn’t received any recognition.” He glanced down at Melanie, and his sister’s eyes widened as his meaning sank in. “Yes.” He nodded. “Melanie deserves to helm Chandler International, not me. And if you don’t announce her as the incoming CEO to the board, then I promise you I will do everything in my power to persuade her to leave Chandler and come over to KayCee Corp.”

			His father sputtered in outrage, but Grayson wasn’t finished. He pinned his mother with a steady gaze.

			“And Mother, I love you. I freely admit, I haven’t confronted you about quitting all the matchmaking attempts because I didn’t want to hurt your feelings or cause you more pain. But, no more. Not with Adalyn or any other woman. It ends here. I’m in love with Nadia Jordan. She is everything to me, and I won’t stand for any more disrespect thrown her way by you, Father or Adalyn. You need to accept this decision and her. Because if you don’t—if you do anything more to hurt or malign her—then you’ll lose a son. Like I said, I love you, but when it comes to Nadia, there isn’t any divided loyalty. She’s my first and only choice.”

			“She’s a lovely, good woman, and I’m happy for you, Gray,” Melanie said, taking his hand and squeezing it. “We’ll welcome her, won’t we?” she said, studying their parents.

			Neither his mother nor father answered, but the disappointment, the shame he’d anticipated, didn’t appear.

			“Well, it seems you’ve made your decisions, and we have to live with them,” his mother said, ice dripping from the words.

			“You do,” he agreed. Kissing his sister’s temple, he nodded at his parents. “One day, I hope you’ll understand my choices. In the meantime, I need to go win back the woman I love.”





Seventeen


			Nadia stared at the numbered buttons in the elevator as they lit then dimmed as floor after floor slid by. Finally, they arrived on the fifteenth floor, and she stepped free of the elevator. She’d been on this level only a couple of times. And both had been in her early days at KayCee Corp. But what could Human Resources possibly want to see her about now as it’d been almost two weeks since she’d quit and walked out?

			Nerves plagued her belly, and she surreptitiously glanced around. As if Grayson would appear around every corner or stride out of a closed office door. Which was ridiculous. The president of the company did not just hang around the HR floor. Still... She’d gone nine days without seeing him, hearing his voice, inhaling his sandalwood and mint scent. In time, she hoped to stop dreaming about him, waking up hurting in her heart and body over the loss of him.

			But today was not that day. And glimpsing him, even from far away, might break her into too many pieces to recover.

			No, distance was her friend now. Distance and denial.

			Not that she regretted her decision to end their “relationship.” She didn’t. Yes, every breath seemed edged in an ache, but for once, she’d chosen herself. She’d placed her well-being, her heart, her worth first. She deserved to be valued. To be loved.

			And she refused to settle.

			Inhaling a deep breath, she approached the executive assistant’s desk for Marsha Fowler, the head of Human Resources. Another mystery. Why the head of HR would ask her to come in and talk. How many employees who quit without notice were invited back? Not that Nadia intended on working for KayCee Corp again. The company was phenomenal, but she just...couldn’t.

			“Hello,” she greeted the young blonde on the other side of the desk. “Nadia Jordan. I have a nine o’clock appointment with Ms. Fowler.”

			“Yes.” The assistant smiled and rose from her chair. She rounded the desk and gestured for Nadia to follow her. “They’re waiting for you, Ms. Jordan.”

			They? Unease twisted and knotted her stomach as she trailed the other woman down a hall. Who...? She didn’t have long to wait to find out the answer. The assistant knocked on a closed door, then opened it.

			“Ms. Jordan is here.” Smiling at Nadia, the blonde stepped aside so she could enter.

			“Thank you,” Nadia murmured and moved into the large office. And drew to an abrupt halt. Shock. Confusion. Anger. And God, so much love, slammed into her with the force of a flying hammer.

			Marsha Fowler sat behind a wide desk. Melanie Chandler sat in one of the chairs in front of it. And Grayson stood next to the other.

			Though it pained her to look at him, to soak in the beauty of his chiseled face, lovely eyes and firm, sensual mouth, she couldn’t tear her gaze away. She was a starving woman plopped down at a table overflowing with the most succulent food and drink.

			Leave. Self-preservation kicked in moments too late, and just as the words “setup” whispered through her head, Ms. Fowler waved her inside. “Ms. Jordan, please come in. And thank you for coming by on such short notice.”

			“Hello, Nadia,” Melanie greeted with a warm smile. “I can imagine you have a ton of questions. I promise we won’t hold you up long.”

			“Hello, Nadia.”

			That deep voice of velvet night wrapped around her name had her nearly closing her eyes to luxuriate in it. But she forced herself to meet his gaze and nod.

			“Grayson.”

			His blue and green eyes burned into hers, and in them she saw her broken hopes and foolish dreams. Unable to bear them, she glanced away and silently ordered herself to focus on the two women in the room. That had to be the game plan if she intended to make it through this meeting and leave unscathed.

			“Please have a seat.” Ms. Fowler waved to the empty chair. Nadia obeyed, sinking down into the seat. “Well, Ms. Jordan, I know you left the employ of KayCee Corp almost two weeks ago, but I also understand the circumstances were...unusual.” She cleared her throat, briefly glancing at Grayson. “Mr. and Ms. Chandler asked that I call you in so they can present you with a counteroffer.”

			“I appreciate this, Ms. Fowler. But I’m afraid my mind is made up—” Nadia said, preparing to stand once more, when Melanie laid a hand over hers.

			“You’re under no obligation to accept, but please, just hear me out,” Melanie requested. Nadia hesitated, but nodded. “It’s come to my attention that you have an interest in nursing.”

			Nadia jerked her head toward Grayson, who hadn’t uttered a word after greeting her. His steady contemplation of her didn’t waver, didn’t flicker to his sister or the HR director. Heat flooded her face, and she couldn’t determine whether it was anger or embarrassment. Both. Definitely both. And the fault rested firmly on the wide shoulders of the man several feet away from her.

			“Yes, Gray shared that info with me,” Melanie continued, drawing Nadia’s attention back to her. “In the spirit of transparency, he’s also told me why you were working here instead of pursuing a degree in your preferred field. Several nonemergency urgent care chains fall under the Chandler International conglomerate. I would like to offer you a position at one of the centers as a receptionist while you enroll in a nursing program. Chandler will cover the expenses for those classes, of course. That way, you’re pursuing your degree while actively working in the field and gaining experience.”

			Stunned, Nadia stared at Grayson’s sister. Shock barreled through her, and she couldn’t speak. Could barely comprehend what she’d said. Going to school? An entry job in her chosen field? Paid tuition?

			What the hell was happening here?

			Bewildered, she once more disobeyed her own instructions and yanked her attention from Melanie to Grayson.

			“Marsha, Melanie,” Grayson finally spoke. “Could we borrow the office for a few minutes?”

			Both women stood, and in moments, only Nadia and Grayson remained. Seconds ago, the office had been large, but now, with only him there, it seemed to shrink, his presence filling it to overflowing. Unable to remain sitting, Nadia rose. But the sense of vulnerability didn’t dissipate. Suddenly, she felt naked, bared to him. And she hated it. Resented the effect he still had on her.

			Feared that it, too, would never disappear.

			“Why?” she asked, her voice stronger than the whirlwind of emotions whipping inside her. “I know you’re behind this. What is this supposed to prove?”

			“What is it supposed to prove?” he repeated, shoving his hands in his pockets and cocking his head to the side. “Nothing. No, I take that back,” he added. “It’s supposed to prove to you that you’re not only worthy of good opportunities but deserving of them. That you shouldn’t always have to be the provider, protector and sacrificial lamb. Someone should do the same for you. Cover you. Shield you. Give everything to you. This isn’t a handout, Nadia. Because there’s no one in this world who has earned those things more than you.”

			She choked back an inconvenient sob, refusing to shed one more tear over this man. At least not in front of him.

			“That sounds pretty. But we’re over, remember? I don’t need those sentiments. Especially since no one’s here to witness them.”

			His eyes briefly closed, and if her own hurt wasn’t coloring her judgment, she might believe pain spasmed across his face. “You want to lash out at me? Fine. I can take it. You’re more than justified. Not only was I an ass for rejecting the most beautiful gift you could ever offer me, but I was a willfully blind ass. Which makes my crime worse.” He blew out a breath, then his mouth firmed into a straight, grim line. “You told me that as long as I’m holding on to the past, I’ll never be completely free. At the time, I didn’t want to hear that. Didn’t believe it. But you were right. I might have been over Adalyn, but I hadn’t let go of the anger, the pain, the fear. I was in a prison of my own making. And rather than escape it, I just locked more chains on the bars. Keeping myself in...and you out.”

			He took a step toward her, removing his hands from his pockets. He raised them, bowing his head, as if studying the palms. But, moments later, he dropped his arms to his sides. Then he lifted his head, and... God. Her breath stuttered in her lungs, and her heart slammed against her chest, as if trying to break free and fling itself at his feet.

			Gone was the inscrutable, aloof mask. Gone was the shuttered gaze that hid his thoughts and emotions. Gone was the charming, affable smile that had been his playboy persona.

			Loneliness. Pain. And love. They all creased the bold lines of his face. There for her to see, his shield completely torn down. For her.

			Tears stung her eyes, clogged her throat. She balled her fingers into fists and held them over her chest, caught between wanting to—needing to—protect herself and reaching out to him.

			“Nadia, you told me that you couldn’t offer me your heart because I couldn’t care for it or protect it. And again, you were right. Then. But now...” He moved forward, those big hands palm up again in supplication. “Now, I can. I will. I don’t have the right to ask you to trust me with the most precious gift you have, but I am. I’m begging you to believe in me one last time, and give me your heart, your dreams, your future. I’ll guard it with my life, keep it from harm. I love you, baby. With you here—” he pressed a fist to his chest “—I don’t have room for fear or bitterness. If given the choice between living in the past or walking toward a future with you, there isn’t a choice. It will always be you, first and only. Please, Nadia.” His voice roughened, and he stretched a hand toward her, his fingers stopping just shy of her chin and jaw. “I don’t want to be in prison any longer.”

			On a gasp and cry that erupted from her, she took the last couple of steps that brought her into contact with his hand. She clasped his with both of hers and turned her face into it, pressing her lips to the palm. And because she was touching him again after being starved of him for nearly two weeks, she kissed him again. Then cupped his hand over her cheek.

			“My love—my heart—is yours,” she breathed against his skin. “It always has been. And there’s no one else I’d rather have keeping it safe.”

			“You’ll never spend another moment of your life doubting if you’re loved, baby,” he whispered, lifting his other hand to cradle her face. In seconds, his lips molded to hers. Then he shifted them to her jaw, the bridge of her nose, her forehead. “I love you.”

			“I love you,” she whispered.

			Hope, it turned out, wasn’t foolish.

			Or only relegated to fairy tales.





Epilogue


			One year later


			“Now there’s a sight I imagine no one would believe they’d ever see,” Shay Knight mused.

			Nadia followed the direction of the other woman’s gaze. But besides the couples crowding the DuSable City Gala’s dance floor, she didn’t notice anything different.

			“What?” Gideon asked, slipping his arm around his wife. Grayson’s business partner and Nadia’s former employer appeared as impassive and intimidating as ever, but she’d spent a lot of time around him and his wife. The man might scare the hell out of other people, but not her. She’d witnessed how much he adored Shay, and that kind of scaled down his scary factor from a ten to a three and a half. Okay, four.

			“Darius King and Isobel Hughes together. And the Wells family, too, all in the same room, and no open warfare,” Shay teased. Catching Nadia’s confused frown, she grinned. “Oh, Nadia, I have to bring you up to speed on all the gossip you’ve missed out on. That group used to make the Hatfields and McCoys look like bosom buddies. Now, Darius and Isobel have two children together, and the Wells are doting grandparents.”

			“Speaking of grandparents...” Gideon dipped his head in the direction of the back of the ballroom. “Mom and Olivia just arrived. Since Shay told them she’s pregnant, Mom has been a helicopter grandmother,” he drawled. But his affection for the women in his life shone brighter than the light from the crystal chandeliers.

			“We’ll catch up with you,” Grayson said, clapping a hand on Gideon’s shoulder. “You know your mother loves me best, so if I don’t come say hello, she’s going to be crushed.”

			Gideon slid him a cutting glance, but the smile playing about his lips ruined the threat in the look. Grayson laughed, and Nadia snorted.

			“So, Cinderella,” he said, turning to Nadia and lifting her hand that he held clasped in his. The laughter in his eyes warmed her, as did everything about her husband. They’d been married for nine months, and she still lost her breath around him. Still pinched herself that she could call her longtime crush her spouse. The name he’d once called her in this same place a year ago fit. She was Cinderella come to wonderful life and had the most beautiful man as her Prince Charming. “Will you honor me with a dance?”

			She scrunched her nose, pretending to think it over. “Depends. Do I get to lead?”

			“Always.” And with a grin and a heart-melting kiss to her ring finger, and the smaller, princess-cut pink diamond in an antique setting that replaced its ostentatious predecessor, he led her among the swaying couples. “Just in case I haven’t told you tonight,” he murmured, drawing her close into his arms, “you look amazing.”

			“Thank you.” She cupped the nape of his neck. “But since you picked this dress out, I think you’re really just giving yourself a backhanded compliment.”

			He chuckled. “Possibly. But in my defense, you did tell me to pick whatever. I love when you’re neck-deep in work. It allows me to get away with so damn much.”

			“Something tells me after I graduate, it’s going to be hard as hell to rein you in,” she grumbled, but the words ended on a bark of laughter. “Between you and Ezra, I’m going to have my hands full.”

			Ezra, in his freshman year at Yale, still called her regularly to compare class schedules, homework and tests. He also checked in with Grayson almost daily. Those two had become as close as brothers, and she couldn’t be happier that the two men she adored most also loved one another. Between work at the urgent care clinic, school, her husband and her brother, her life had never been as full.

			Or as blessed.

			As perfect.

			“Just think,” she said, tangling her fingers in the shorter hair above his neck. “This time last year we were trapped in a hallway—”

			“Having sex,” Grayson interjected with a wicked grin.

			She playfully slapped his shoulder. “And yes, having sex.” She laughed. “A lot has changed since then,” she said.

			“In the best ways, though,” he murmured, placing a kiss on her lips. “I’ve found the love of my life. I’m happier than I could’ve ever imagined. Melanie is already growing Chandler. And my mother actually smiled at you last week.”

			Nadia grinned. “Cherise is coming around.” Okay, so she was being generous, but Grayson’s parents were thawing toward her. But their acceptance of her didn’t matter when their son stared down at her as if she were the most precious jewel he’d ever seen. It wasn’t just enough—it was everything. “After all we’ve been through, we’re definitely going to have stories to tell our kids about this gala... And we can start in about seven months.”

			For a moment, Grayson’s face blanked. Then, seconds later, joy so bright suffused his face, it was almost hard to gaze upon.

			“You’re pregnant,” he confirmed, voice hoarse and thick with the blinding love that gleamed out of his mismatched and beautiful eyes.

			“I’m pregnant,” she said, grinning.

			With a shout, he lifted her in the air, twirling her around, heedless of the people around them. “She’s pregnant!” he shouted.

			Heat poured into her face as applause broke out, but she threw back her head, laughing. And when his mouth covered hers, she lost herself in it. In him.

			Out of the darkness of a blackout, she’d found the shining light of love.

			Happily ever after wasn’t just for Cinderella.

			It was for her, too.



* * *



			Don’t miss USA TODAY

bestselling author Naima Simone’s

next Harlequin Desire novel,

the first book in the

Dynasties: Seven Sins series!

Available May 2020!

			Keep reading for an excerpt from Rule Breaker by Joanne Rock.





		 			WE HOPE YOU ENJOYED THIS BOOK FROM





			Luxury, scandal, desire—welcome to the lives of the American elite.



			Be transported to the worlds of oil barons, family dynasties, moguls and celebrities. Get ready for juicy plot twists, delicious sensuality and intriguing scandal.

			6 NEW BOOKS AVAILABLE EVERY MONTH!





		 			Rule Breaker

			by Joanne Rock

			One

			Maybe a wiser man would have blocked her number.

			Weston Rivera gripped his cell phone tighter as he paced from his home office into the sunken family room. He knew he couldn’t pretend he hadn’t seen the text from a certain sexy private investigator he really needed to avoid.

			The sun was already setting outside, but he could still discern the faint outline of the Bitterroot Mountains framed through the floor-to-ceiling windows. The hulking, irregular peaks were partially shrouded by an incoming storm.

			Swearing to himself, he peered back down at the message on his screen.

			Any tips for navigating the Northeast Couloir trail? Just made camp but hope to summit in the morning.

			Did he have tips?

			As a proficient climber and mountain-rescue volunteer, he sure as hell had advice for April Stephens, the smoking-hot financial forensics expert who was an unwelcome guest at Mesa Falls Ranch. She should have never climbed a class-four trail in the winter by herself in the kind of weather brewing out there.

			Too bad she hadn’t asked him before she started up the mountain.

			He’d really thought he’d dodged April for good. The last time she’d cornered him at the ranch office, he’d made it abundantly clear that he had no comment about her investigation into the finances of Alonzo Salazar, a frequent guest of the retreat Weston owned with his brother and four other partners. Salazar had been a friend and mentor to all of them since they were teenagers. And he’d been there when a devastating accident had ended in a classmate’s death. Weston wasn’t about to speculate on what the man did with his money. Loyalty wasn’t something Weston took lightly.

			Yet he hadn’t blocked the investigator’s number after that meeting, which had paved the way for today’s text message.

			Was she baiting him? Looking for a way to restart their conversation and dig up dirt for her investigation? Or was she genuinely contemplating that climb? He’d heard from one of the trail guides that she’d visited a local outfitter for gear when she’d first arrived, so he wasn’t surprised she wanted to get out into the mountains. But a day trip was tough enough in the winter, even on the easier peaks.

			Cursing again, he dropped down to the leather sofa close to the fireplace. A log popped and shifted, sending a shower of sparks against the screen. How should he respond? Obviously, he didn’t want her trekking back down the mountain by herself in the dark. But with the weather worsening by the minute, spending the night up there could be hazardous too. He knew he had an overdeveloped sense of caution where others were concerned, even if he was a risk taker himself. That cautious streak probably stemmed from the tragedy that had bound his fate to Alonzo Salazar’s more than a decade ago.

			Where are you?

			He banged out the words with more force than necessary, already knowing where this conversation was going to lead.

			She replied with a link. Map coordinates like any good hiker would use, showing her exact position.

			His chest eased a bit at first. If she knew about tricks like that, she surely had some solid climbing experience. Clearly, she understood the importance of knowing her location at all times. But as he zoomed in closer on the map to see where she had made camp, the tightness in his chest returned.

			And then tripled.

			Because April wasn’t camping in one of the safer spots like Gem Lake or Baker’s Lake. Instead, she wasn’t all that far from the Northeast Couloir. A notorious avenue for avalanche activity.

			It didn’t matter how experienced a climber she was or whether she knew the risks. She was a guest of his ranch. Someone he felt responsible for. Now that she’d specifically asked for his advice on this ill-advised venture, he had no choice. He had to help.

			Stay there. Keep phone on. Don’t light a fire. I’m on my way.

			She might not be happy to see him. But Weston didn’t particularly care. Shoving his phone in his pocket, he took the stairs two at a time up to his bedroom to dress for a climb that he hoped like hell wouldn’t turn into a rescue effort. Just the thought of it turned his blood icy, and he hadn’t even set foot out of the house yet.

			He already had one catastrophic event on his conscience. He couldn’t survive a second.



* * *



			“‘I’m on my way’?” April Stephens read aloud from the text she’d received almost an hour ago.

			Tucked in the sleeping bag laid over an insulated pad she’d rented from the local outfitter, April still couldn’t fight off the chill from her climb as she shut off her screen to save the phone battery. The shiver up her spine didn’t have anything to do with the knowledge that Weston Rivera, the rich and powerful rancher who’d been dodging her attempts to speak with him, was on his way to see her. The memory of his hazel eyes smoked through her, even though the last time she’d confronted him he had threatened to call security to have her escorted out of his office.

			Why was he hiking up here now? In the dark?

			Wind howled off nearby Trapper Peak and tore at her one-ply tent, making her wonder if her shelter had been the right choice for this trip. It was lighter, which had allowed her to bring the additional gear necessary for a winter climb. But she hadn’t counted on this level of heavy gusts. She’d thought she’d read up on the Bitterroot Mountains thoroughly, and she’d checked the weather before she started hiking, but somewhere during her trek this afternoon, the conditions had shifted dramatically.

			That was part of the reason she’d reached out to Weston Rivera, who was well known around Mesa Falls Ranch for his mountaineering skills. Of course, there was more to her agenda than getting tips on the mountain. She’d hoped maybe their shared interest in climbing would spark a dialogue. Give her another chance at wrangling some answers from him regarding a case that was thwarting her at every turn.

			She most definitely hadn’t expected him to drop everything to come to her. But the fact that he would do that—even though he’d made it obvious he wanted to avoid her—caused her to wonder if she’d overestimated her skills in making this climb on her own.

			Guilt nipped at her nearly as hard as the bitter wind. Did he think she was in danger? She should have made it clear that she had a reasonable amount of climbing experience. She’d even tackled this mountain once before, just not this particular trail. She never did anything without studying all the angles first. It was a quality that made her excel at her job as a financial forensics investigator.

			As soon as she’d received his cryptic text, she’d messaged him back a bunch of question marks in reply. Then she’d sent him an assurance she was fine, but she hadn’t heard anything else from him, prompting her to believe he really might be climbing a mountain in the middle of the night.

			Unzipping the tent a couple of inches, she peered out into the inky blackness. She still wore her parka for sleeping, but she’d taken off her boots and gloves for the night. She felt more than saw the swirl of snow kicking up outside, the tiny flakes peppering her cheeks in a frigid blast. A gust of wind whistled past her ears, lifting the inner tent roof and whipping the outer fabric so hard she feared it might rip. The snow was coming down faster now. The powdery base had scaled the tent walls at least an inch since she’d pitched the shelter.

			A little bubble of panic rose inside her at the feeling of being closed in. She’d been drawn to mountain climbing as a teen to escape the suffocating home life with her mother, who was then in the early stages of a hoarding disorder. April had climbed to find fresh air and freedom, a place without walls of crap threatening to fall on her everywhere she looked. Now, as an adult, she lived in a beautifully spare home of her own, but she felt the urge to climb whenever stress built from dealing with her mom. April still tried to help, making scheduled trips over to the house where she’d grown up to make sure her mom was still going to counseling and hadn’t fired the professional organizer who came through once a month. Her mother’s house would always be cluttered—to put it mildly—but at least things were at a habitable level.

			Even knowing that she’d done all she could to make her mother’s disease manageable didn’t stem the memories of how bad things had been—and how quickly her mom could relapse. Which was why April hiked until her mind was clear again.

			So now, as she took in the way the snow covered the lower zipper on the tent, almost as if it was going to block her exit, her heart pounded fast. Her face heated despite the cold, a sweaty fear crawling up her scalp and making her see pinpricks of light in front of her eyes.

			Light?

			Frowning, she focused on the glow bobbing in the blizzard. As it grew closer, the bright spot seemed to rise in the sky.

			Coming toward her.

			“April.” A man’s hoarse voice carried on the wind just as a dark shadow took shape in front of her.

			Weston—wearing a headlamp—was stalking up the trail.

			“Here,” she called back, her softer voice mostly lost in the wind. She found her flashlight just inside the tent and flipped the switch so he could see her.

			As he entered the circle of illumination from her torch, she could tell how much conditions had worsened. He was covered with snow, from his jacket and pants to his helmet and balaclava. Even his goggles were coated. Knowing that he’d trekked through this weather to get to her filled her with new alarm.

			He crouched down near the entrance to the tent, his broad shoulders blocking the wind. Close enough to touch. He raked his goggles up and switched off the headlamp. His hazel eyes locked on hers, his demeanor as serious as the last time they’d met when he’d threatened to call security on her if she didn’t leave his office. Only now, he looked concerned.

			Worried, even.

			“We need to move you,” he told her, his gaze never wavering. “Carefully and quickly.”

			Confused, she shook her head. “I don’t understand.”

			“You’re in a well-documented avalanche corridor.” He spoke the words clearly and almost kindly, as if he weren’t talking about the imminent possibility of a deadly accident. “And conditions are only going to deteriorate with this storm.”

			She recognized now what he was doing. He was speaking to her like a rescue worker. Like someone used to dealing with people in terrifying danger. That manner of his, as much as the words themselves, sent a cold ball of fear into the pit of her belly.

			“Why—” Her breath stuck in her chest, and she couldn’t breathe for a moment as panic spiraled into every corner of her body. “Why didn’t you tell me in your text? I’ve just been sitting here...”

			She peered around the tent, calculating how long it would take to put on her gear. Another sharp gust tore at the outer tent. She was pretty sure she heard the fabric tear.

			“Look at me. April.” He spoke patiently, his tone still kind even though she’d made a horrible mistake in coming up here. Risking her neck and his. “You were safer staying put than you would have been out there when you don’t know the nuances of this trail. But I know this area like the back of my hand, and I’m going to take you to a safer location.”

			Nodding, she appreciated his calming presence while her mind raced. She had logged countless hours climbing in summer conditions, but not as many in the winter. One of her mentors back in Denver had told her that she should take an avalanche course, but she hadn’t gotten to that stage yet. Hadn’t known she’d need it for this peak so early in the winter. She felt foolish for endangering herself and—worse—Weston too.

			He couldn’t possibly know how much she hated being in this position, feeling like she’d screwed up. Like she’d overlooked something important.

			“Okay. Thank you.” Swallowing back her fear, she focused on his hazel eyes, needing to believe he was as confident as he sounded. “I’ll get my gear on.”



* * *



			He moved her out of harm’s way quickly enough.

			The knot of worry in Weston’s chest eased a fraction with each step they took away from the gully where she’d pitched her tent for the night. Avalanches were a real danger in that ravine. He hadn’t been a part of any rescue missions there, but there’d been another one ten years back that some of his team had experienced. Plus, he’d seen two avalanches with his own eyes on these peaks. Both had scared the hell out of him.

			And conditions tonight were prime. He was so damned grateful he’d found her, and that she’d been safe. Whole.

			The demons from his past had teeth, and they would still be gnawing on him when he closed his eyes tonight.

			“Where are we going?” she called to him through the wind, her voice doubly muffled by her scarf.

			They trudged side by side down the mountain, their pace slow in case of loose rocks under the snow. He’d offered her a second headlamp that he’d brought with him, but she had her own and wore it now. She’d been more prepared than he had anticipated, from her gear to her ease with packing quickly and efficiently.

			She’d been scared, though. He’d read the fear easily in her body language from her blinking eyes and darting gaze to her jerky movements, signs that would have been clear even if he hadn’t been trained to deal with frightened survivors. He’d done his best to calm her once they were out of the most dangerous area, but he could tell she was spooked. And he’d damn well been reassured this wasn’t a setup on her part. She hadn’t baited him out onto the mountain just for a chance to interrogate him about his dealings with Alonzo Salazar, the subject of her financial investigation.

			She would have had to be a good actress to fake the fear he’d witnessed earlier. The flash of panic in her blue eyes. The tremor in her voice. Although with her goggles on now, he had fewer cues to how she was doing.

			“There are safe campsites this way.” They hadn’t gone far from her original spot, since he wouldn’t risk a fall in the dark in these harsh weather conditions, but they were out of the ravine and following a ridge he knew well.

			“Shouldn’t we get off the mountain?” she pressed, leaning closer to him as she spoke.

			If he’d been alone—yes. He would have returned to the all-terrain vehicle he’d left at a trailhead. But he wouldn’t risk it with April in tow. Sure, she seemed like she must be a strong climber on a regular day. But it was late; she had to be tired and most definitely stressed. Bottom line, he didn’t trust her sure-footedness or her judgment and couldn’t risk going any farther than necessary.

			“Safer to make camp someplace I know will be protected until the storm passes.” He pointed to a spot tucked out of the wind ahead of them. Between a secure rock ledge and sheltering trees, there was far less snow here. “I brought a big tent with the highest weather rating.”

			Stepping under the shelter of the ledge, he shed his backpack and unzipped it to dig out the gear. Only when he pulled off his gloves did he realize she’d stopped moving. A few steps behind him, she looked lost in the spotlight of his headlamp, snow almost reaching her knees.

			She might have said something, but the words were lost in the wind.

			Gesturing for her to come closer, he called, “I can’t hear you.”

			He set his flashlight on the rock ledge so it shone down onto his backpack while April hopped down to join him. She wrenched off her goggles, taking her headlamp with them. He could see her blue eyes clearly now.

			“You’re staying?” she asked, the question huffing into the cold air between them. “With me?”

			Maybe it was because she didn’t seem frightened anymore. Or maybe it was because he knew they were out of danger here. But something in the way she asked reminded him how very appealing he found this woman. And how grateful he was that she was safe.

			April Stephens had been a red-hot distraction from the first time he’d seen her. Then he’d discovered how good she was at her job as she started to uncover the long-kept secrets of his mentor. And tonight, he’d seen a grit in her that he never would have expected from a woman who looked like she’d be more at home on a glossy magazine cover than a Montana ranch—let alone on a mountaintop.

			From the high cheekbones and delicate bone structure to her pillow-soft lips, she had an exquisite beauty that turned male heads. But better than that, she had a fiery determination that he admired, even if he’d been on the wrong side of it when they met.

			“I didn’t hike all this way in the dark only to leave you alone now, April.” He couldn’t have held back the flare of anticipation now if he tried. Not that he was going to seduce a woman he felt responsible for tonight. But he couldn’t deny the sensual draw every time he was around her. “I’m not going anywhere.”

			“That’s—kind of you.” She didn’t sound convinced of that, but at least her voice sounded stronger. Feistier. “But I have a tent of my own.”

			She was already wriggling out of the straps of her backpack, plunking it down in the snow while he found his ice ax, which doubled as a mallet to pound in the stakes.

			“You’ve got a tear in yours,” he reminded her. He’d heard the fabric shredding in the high gusts along the ravine before he’d helped her disassemble it. “Besides, this is meant for two people.”

			His shelter was state-of-the-art. Everest winds wouldn’t take the thing down. Setup took less than two minutes since he was familiar with the equipment and accustomed to putting together a shelter in a hurry. He tossed his sleeping bag and insulated pad inside and then held the canvas flap door open for her.

			She still clutched her own backpack uncertainly, wind whipping the ends of her hair that she hadn’t taken time to tuck into her hat. Lips pursed, she studied him and seemed to weigh her options.

			That’s when the adrenaline letdown from the rescue mission kicked in, rushing through him in the form of sweet, sharp desire.

			April must have been blinded by the snow-globe effect of white swirling between them, because she didn’t seem to notice. She took a deep breath and crawled inside the tent, giving him a view of lush feminine curves that didn’t do anything to put out the flames.

			Swallowing back the sudden hunger for her, he ground his teeth while he watched her carefully remove her boots and leave them in the vestibule area. He tilted his face up to the snow, needing the cooling touch on his heated skin before he got anywhere near her.

			No doubt about it, he was in for a long night ahead.

			Copyright © 2020 by Joanne Rock





		 			Love Harlequin romance?

			DISCOVER.

			Be the first to find out about promotions, news and exclusive content!

			 Facebook.com/HarlequinBooks

			 Twitter.com/HarlequinBooks

			 Instagram.com/HarlequinBooks

			 Pinterest.com/HarlequinBooks

			ReaderService.com

			EXPLORE.

			Sign up for the Harlequin e-newsletter and download a free book from any series at

TryHarlequin.com

			CONNECT.

			Join our Harlequin community to share your thoughts and connect with other romance readers!

Facebook.com/groups/HarlequinConnection





			ISBN: 9781488062698

			Blame It on the Billionaire

			Copyright © 2020 by Naima Simone

			 All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

			This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

			This edition published by arrangement with Harlequin Books S.A.

			For questions and comments about the quality of this book, please contact us at CustomerService@Harlequin.com.

			Harlequin Enterprises ULC

22 Adelaide St. West, 40th Floor

Toronto, Ontario M5H 4E3, Canada

www.Harlequin.com





