Another Chance to Love

By Cheris Hodges





Copyright © Cheris Hodges 2018

All rights reserved





CHAPTER ONE


Of all the words that described Paige Grayson, patience wasn’t one of them. If this mover didn’t do as she asked, he was going to find out the word firecracker was her middle name. She wanted to strangle the six- foot-six-inch man standing in front of her, though his greasy skin and beige teeth made her stomach lurch at the thought of touching him. But if she had to hurl her five-foot-six-inch self at him to knock some sense into that dense skull of his, then so be it.

Paige snatched her sunglasses off her golden eyes and looked up at the man. “It’s a simple request,” she said as she ran her hand over her short curly Afro. “Just open the back door and let me get the directions so that we can leave.”

The man’s face with its scraggly beard and bushy uni-brow reminded her of a grizzly bear. His sunburnt complexion indicated he spent a lot of time in the Nashville sun. Clearly, Paige said to herself, all that time in the sun had damaged his brain.

“Lady,” the man growled, “we’re already two hours late and I don’t have all day to pack and repack this truck.”

Paige’s face grew hot. He talked to her as if she were a child needing to be scolded.

“Look, you jackass, I’m paying you—not the other way around. Now open this damn door or we won’t get anywhere.”

The man threw the truck keys at Paige, nearly hitting her in the face. “I don’t have to take this. Drive yourself!” He started off down the street. Paige was furious. “Get back here! How am I supposed to drive this truck and my car, you idiot?”

The man flipped his middle finger up and unleashed a string of profanities over his shoulder. Paige dropped her head in defeat once the man disappeared down the street. Why did things like this always happen to her? She walked up the steps of the condo that she was going to leave and knocked on the door. Her soon-to-be former roommate, Patrick, opened the door.

“You decided not to leave, huh?” he said with a smile.

Paige walked in and plopped down on the sofa. “You know that son of a—”

She stopped abruptly when she saw the directions she had printed to her new house in Elmore were sitting on the edge of the coffee table. “Patrick! Why didn’t you tell me I left these in here?”

He shrugged his shoulders. “How was I supposed to know they were important?”

Paige leapt to her feet. “Sometimes you can be so thick in the head,” she said, and then slapped him on the shoulder.

Patrick rolled his eyes at her. “Why aren’t you and the mover on the road?”

“Grizzly Adams left and now I’m stuck with a truck that I can’t drive, all because you didn’t tell me I left the directions in the house,” she snapped.

Patrick held up his meaty arm as if he were about to testify in church. “Am I the person moving? Sometimes I wonder why I put up with you,” he said.

Patrick and Paige had been best friends since graduate school at the Tennessee State University. They had run into each other, literally, in the library. Patrick had spilled a cup of coffee over her notes as he tripped over her backpack, which was in the middle of the floor. It seemed as if it were only yesterday.

“You big oaf! Why don’t you watch where you’re going?” Paige snapped.

Patrick looked at her, shaking his head.

“Excuse me?” he replied. “This big bag was in the middle of the floor.” Patrick picked up the bag and threw it into the chair beside her.

“Oh,” Paige said, slightly embarrassed. He reached into his bag and handed her a napkin.

“I swear, you women are more trouble than you’re worth,” he mum- bled.

Paige looked up from trying to dry her notes. “What was that?” she asked.

Patrick sat down and looked at her, then began to tell her about his sister and how she had kept him up all night talking about how badly her boyfriend was treating her. “Then she turns around and moves in with him. Family members have been calling me all night. They don’t care that I have exams to study for and papers to write.”

Paige smiled at him and covered his big hand with her smaller one. “That really sounds like a lot of drama. I’m sorry I yelled at you, but I have to get this paper written and your coffee really messed up my notes.”

They’d shared a laugh and become fast friends, despite Paige’s quick temper. Patrick was the ying to her yang. He tried to make her see that her angry outbursts only got her in trouble. Like the trouble that had got- ten her fired from her job as an elementary school counselor.

Paige loved kids; it was their parents and the administration she had a problem with.

When a fifth grader had asked Paige a question about sex, she’d answered it by giving her an educational book on reproductive health. The girl’s parents, who were devoutly religious, had been livid when they saw what their child was reading. The next morning, they had gone to the school demanding that Paige be fired for giving their child such filth.



She’d tried to explain to the parents that when children that age ask about sex it’s important to answer those questions honestly. That had started another argument and the couple had called Paige a heathen.

That was the last straw. Paige blew up, calling those parents every name in the book. Her principal had been so shocked by her language that he fired her on the spot.

Since Paige’s name was mud in the local school system, she needed a fresh start. When she’d seen a job listing for a high school counselor in South Carolina, she’d jumped at the chance. Now here she was, still in Nashville because of the argument with that stupid driver.

“You know, I could drive the truck for you,” Patrick said.

Paige’s face softened. “Will you? Oh, Patrick, thank you.” She hugged him tightly. “Now get your butt in gear so we can go.”

“That’s some way to show your appreciation,” Patrick said as he stood and headed upstairs.

“You know I love you,” she called out after him.

A few moments later, Patrick and Paige were heading for the highway. The drive to Elmore was only about five hours. Paige had been happy that most of the trip took them down the interstate where the speed limit was over 65 miles per hour. They stopped for a meal and she was happy for the break. “That was a long drive,” he said through a yawn. “Are you sure you want to move this far away from Nashville?”

Paige shrugged her shoulders. “I have to do something,” she said. “The doors are shut and locked in Nashville. Lights out, good night.”

Patrick put his hand on her shoulder. “I say again, Paige, your attitude is holding you back. How smart was it to call the school superintendent a ‘class A idiot’ and expect to keep your job? How did you become a counselor anyway?”

Paige rolled her eyes. “I love children, you know that. It isn’t their fault that they have idiots for parents. Children don’t know any better, but adults do, at least they should, and I just tell them what they should know.”

“And,” Patrick said, “if you take that attitude to South Carolina you’ll be unemployed again. Paige, promise me that you’ll try to think before you speak.”

She smiled faintly. Paige, like her mother Vivian, had a quick temper.

Vivian Grayson was not one to hold her tongue and she’d passed that trait on to her daughter. A former Kentucky police officer, Vivian had had to stand up for herself as a member of the Louisville Police Department. Paige had watched her mother make hardened criminals cry with her silver tongue. She’d also been on the receiving end of her mother’s tirades. As a child, Paige had welcomed a spanking rather than a talking to from Vivian. She wished her mother were alive so that she could advise her on what to do. Paige had lost her mother to breast cancer two years after she graduated from Tennessee State University.

But courtesy of her mother, Paige had learned that sometimes you had to tell people off in order to make them take you seriously. And when she was really passionate about something, there was no way she could keep her emotions under control.

Paige vowed to change that about herself. This new job and a new town were the elixir that she needed. This was her chance to reinvent herself. But without Patrick in her ear telling her to calm down, Paige knew she was in for a struggle.

“Patrick, I’m going to make a serious effort not to repeat past mistakes,” Paige said sincerely.

He smirked at her as if he didn’t believe what she’d said. Paige smiled and said, “Really,” as they walked into the restaurant.

Paige fingered her hair absentmindedly as Patrick talked to the host about the wait for a table. What was waiting for her in South Carolina? She’d never heard of this place, so it must be a small town, she surmised. She was going to be the freshman counselor at Elmore High School. Paige laughed silently. I wonder if it’s a place full of cigarette smoking cowboys?

“Earth to Paige,” Patrick said as he snapped his fingers in front of her face. “Our table is ready. Are you thinking about going back to Nashville and begging for your job back?”

“I don’t beg for shit.”

“You know you’re going to have to keep that attitude in check when you meet your new boss and coworkers. Paige, take this new start seriously.”

She stroked Patrick’s cheek. “I have no choice. And I plan to do exactly that, a new start and a new attitude.”

He shook his head. “Why am I having a hard time believing you?”

They followed the host to a table in silence. After eating, Paige and Patrick decided that they didn’t want to finish the last leg of their drive because it had gotten dark and they were both tired. The duo checked into a motel adjacent to the restaurant. As Paige curled up in bed, she prayed that Elmore, South Carolina would be a wonderful place to live.

Paige woke up to the sound of banging on her door. It took her a second to remember where she was. A motel on the way to South Carolina. Blinking, she got out of bed and looked through the peephole. Of course Patrick was standing there with coffee. She opened the door and smiled.

“Guess I slept through my wake up call.”

He nodded as he handed her a cup of steaming coffee. “So, did I. What time is your landlady expecting you?”

Paige shrugged as she took a sip. “Yesterday.”

Patrick shook his head. “You’re the worst.”

“I didn’t want Bigfoot to get us. Besides, she has my deposit, she can wait.”

“Thought you were working on your attitude?”

“When I get to South Carolina and last time I checked, we’re not there yet.” She downed her coffee and then winked at her friend. “I’m going to take a shower and then we can hit the road.”

“I’ll check us out.”

Paige took a quick shower and dressed. Grabbing her overnight bag, she headed outside and waited for Patrick. When he climbed in the truck, she hopped into her Mustang and pulled out her cell phone to call Mrs. Anderson, her new landlady, to let her know when she would arrive.

“Good mornin’, sugar,” the older woman said. “I was wondering what happened to you. I thought you were going to be here yesterday.”

“Had a slight problem with the mover, but I should be there in an hour or so.”

The woman sighed into the phone. “Well, I’ll probably be in church when you get here, but today is a short service. Pastor has an engagement at Cedar Falls. You are a Christian, aren’t you?”

“What?” Paige mumbled. This old bat is annoying me already.

“Hello, are you there?” Mrs. Anderson asked.

“We must have a bad connection,” Paige said, quickly lowering the window so that the wind could blow into the phone. “I’ll see you shortly.” Paige ended the call and threw the phone on the passenger seat. She wondered if everyone in Elmore was nosy like Mrs. Anderson. Paige wasn’t used to being around people who wanted to know your every move, belief, and innermost thoughts. This was going to be interesting, to say the least.





CHAPTER TWO


Brian held his breath as he walked in the front door of his house. Home was the last place he wanted to be and for the last five years, he’d been able to tell it was also the last place his wife Olivia wanted to be. But instead of leaving, he was going to stick it out, even if it meant being trapped in a loveless marriage.

It hadn’t always been that way between him and Olivia. Once upon a time they’d had a passion that burned so brightly that all they wanted to do was make love. But that fire had died long ago. It had dimmed the day their son was born and year after year it had gotten progressively worse.

Maybe that’s why Brian had the same dream every night. It would always start with smoke and screams. He prayed he wouldn’t have that nightmare tonight.

“Dinner is in the oven,” Olivia said, by way of greeting.

Brian dropped his jacket at the door. “Thanks,” he replied, knowing not to expect a kiss hello. It had been years since he’d been treated to a greeting like that. Truth be told, he didn’t miss it anymore.

“Daddy!” Mickey exclaimed as he ran down the hall and into his father’s arms.

Brian hugged his son tightly, kissing him on the forehead. This was why he stayed and put up with Olivia.

“What’s up, champ?”


“Did you put any bad guys away today?”


“I sure did. Did you do your homework?” He let his son go.

“Yes, sir.”

Olivia walked into the living room. “Mickey, please go put your crayons away and get ready to take a bath and go to bed.”

“Mommy, I want to eat with Daddy.”

Placing her hands on her hips, Olivia looked directly into Brian’s eyes. “Well, Daddy should try to get home earlier and have family dinner.”

“Olivia, please don’t start.”

“Mickey, do what I said.” Olivia then turned to Brian. “Start what? Expecting my husband to come home once a week for dinner? You can’t even do that.”

Brian looked around the corner to make sure Mickey was out of earshot. “You act as if I work for a bank and have regular hours. I’m a detective. I work undercover. I can’t schedule a drug bust around your cooking.”

When she threw her hands up and stomped away from him, Brian headed for the kitchen to have yet another dinner alone. This was par for the course lately. Even though Olivia was right there in the house with him, he was alone. At night in their marital bed, he was still alone.

Brian had loved Olivia for a long time and he didn’t want to let her go. He also didn’t want to be a divorce statistic. He wanted his marriage to last, but he didn’t know how much more of this he could take.

Olivia walked into the kitchen. “Mickey’s in the tub and I’m going out.”

“Where?” he asked.

“Out.”


“Olivia, what’s going on with us?” He dropped his fork and walked over to her, attempting to pull her into his arms. “Why do we fight all the time and never make love anymore?”

“I’m not doing this with you,” she said, refusing to look into his eyes.

He studied her chocolate brown oval face. There had been a time when he rained kisses on her face and she squealed in delight. Her pouty lips used to curl up in a smile and make his heart sing. She hadn’t smiled in a while, at least not at him.

“This is not how I expected our lives to turn out,” she revealed. “When we were in high school, we had so many dreams. And none of them have come true, not for me, I’m home all day and—I have to go.” Olivia tore out of the house, leaving Brian standing there flabbergasted.

Hours later, Brian lay on the sofa, waiting for Olivia to come home. The clock on his iPhone read 1:35 A.M. The light from the television illuminated his stressed features as the sports the commentator talked about another NFL wide receiver and his off-season drama.

Where is Olivia? he thought before drifting off to sleep.

It happened again. The dream returned. Brian ran through thick black smoke, barely able to breathe. Fiery planks of wood crashed around him and orange flames dancing near him licked his heels.

“Brian!” Olivia screamed. His hand sizzled as he grabbed the knob, only to find the door was locked.

“Olivia! Hold on, I’m coming,” he yelled as he rammed into the door with his shoulder. More thick clouds of smoke rose into the air, making it nearly impossible to see. He didn’t remember the wooden porch, which was now a mass of flames. And where was the stained glass door that he’d spent weeks installing because Olivia had seen one on HGTV?

“Please, hurry,” Olivia shouted.

Brian pushed the question of the stained glass door out of his head as he rammed his way into the house. Where was the fire department? He was sure someone must have called 9-1-1. His family was in danger of being burned to death.

“Daddy,” Mickey cried out. “Daddy.”

Orange flames blinded Brian and moments later; an explosion sent him flying backwards into the front yard.

“Daddy!”

“Mickey!” Brian tried to stand up and run back into the burning house, but his legs wouldn’t move.

“Brian,” Olivia called. Her voice seemed closer. “Brian, wake up.”

Covered in sweat, his heart pumping overtime, Brian sat up and struggled to focus on his surroundings. It took a few moments for him to realize he was not at a fire scene but in his own living room. He looked up at Olivia. Her eyes looked as if she had been crying and her silky black hair was matted to her head.

“Where’s Mickey?” He wiped the sweat off his sculpted chest with the edge of his hand.

Sighing, Olivia rolled her eyes. “In bed. Go back to sleep, Brian.”

He stood up, a little shaky on his feet. “Where have you been? We need to talk because what’s going on in this house isn’t working. Every time I try to touch you, you pull away from me. I feel like I’m losing you.” Hearing the words he had been thinking for years frightened him. She was his high school sweetheart, the only woman he’d ever made love to.

Brian wanted to pull his wife into his arms and make love to her now. It had been months since she had allowed him to touch or taste her and release his love inside her.

“Brian, there’s no easy way to say this. I want out of this marriage.” Her voice showed no emotion. She could’ve been asking for an extra blanket, but Brian felt sucker-punched. He had hoped that they’d at least seek counseling first.

Divorce meant failure and Brian didn’t fail at much. He’d never thought he would fail at marriage.

“Why don’t we think about this before we make a rash decision? We can go to a—”

Olivia interrupted him. “I’m moving to Atlanta. You know, I’ve always wanted to get into fashion and I have chance to do that. Tonight I almost broke my wedding vows and I don’t want to do that. So instead of cheating on you, why don’t we just end this farce?”

Brian tried to wrap his mind around what she was saying. Moving to Atlanta? Nearly breaking their wedding vows? Getting into fashion? He went from shock to anger in under three seconds. “Wait a damned minute,” Brian bellowed. “How can you just say you want to walk out of this marriage and move to Atlanta? What about our son?”

Easing down the hall, Olivia exhaled loudly. “I can’t take Mickey with me right now. I don’t have a set place to live or anything and day care is expensive. I’m going to leave him with my mother and—”

Throwing his hand up and cutting her off, Brian glared at her. “Stop right there. Just because you want to walk out on this marriage does not mean that my son is going suffer and lose both of us. You can go out and sleep with whomever you want to sleep with and move to California for all I care. I’m not going anywhere.”

Olivia snorted. “How are you going to take care of him, Detective Jackson? What about your stakeouts, your weeks of working undercover, traveling across the state chasing drug dealers? How are you going to raise him and do that? Mickey’s five. You can’t neglect him the way you’ve neglected me.”

“I don’t neglect you.”

Olivia’s eyes stretched to the size of silver dollars. “Oh no? When’s the last time you came home and had dinner with us? I might as well be a single mother, not to mention that every night I wait for that knock on the door telling me that you’re dead. I won’t do that anymore.”

Crossing the room, Brian reached out to her, trying to draw her into his embrace. She pushed away from him and leaned against the wall.

“Olivia, we can work this out. Mickey needs both of us to raise him.”

“Are you willing to leave the force?” She stormed into the bedroom.

Brian looked at her as if she were a stranger. If anyone knew how much being a police officer meant to him, it was Olivia. When they were growing up, he’d spent hours telling her about his dream to become a police officer.

Brian was the commander of the Elmore Police Department’s vice and narcotics unit. Thirty years ago, a small town like Elmore, South Carolina, hadn’t had a drug problem or a need for officers like Brian and the three guys who worked under him. But in the 1980s crack hit the town and stung it like a swarm of killer bees. Brian had watched his uncle, Morton Jackson, became strung out on the drug. The former high school football player went from 250 pounds of muscle to a gaunt shell of himself. Brian knew he had to do something. Watching his uncle’s decline made him want to become a police officer. Olivia had been supportive then. The woman asking him to give up his career dream had to be a clone or something.

“You know I can’t do that,” he said quietly.

“I didn’t think Superman would take off his cape to save our marriage.” She slammed into the bedroom with Brian hot on her heels.

“How long have you been planning this?”

Whirling around, she snorted in his face. “You can spot a drug dealer from fifty blocks, but you couldn’t look right in front of you and see I was dying in this marriage. I want more than you and Elmore have to offer.”

Brian seethed with anger. Several times in their ten-year marriage, they’d had the chance to leave Elmore. Brian had been offered jobs with the Atlanta Police Department, the Detroit Police Department, and the Miami-Dade County Police Department. But Olivia hadn’t wanted to leave her mother. She was the reason they’d stayed in Elmore all of these years and now Elmore wasn’t enough for Olivia. “You have some gall,” he snapped. “We could have been living in Atlanta. We could have been anywhere but you wanted to stay here. I turned down big job offers for you and you’re just going to walk out of here like a thief in the night. If you want to leave, then go—but my son will not suffer because you want to go off and live some fantasy.”

“And just how are you going to take care of Mickey? You can’t ignore him the way you’ve ignored me,” she said before grabbing the doorknob. “I’ll be gone in the morning.” Olivia walked out of the bedroom and Brian fell back on the bed. This wasn’t happening to him.

The next morning, Olivia was out of the house before Mickey and Brian were out of bed. Trying to keep to their normal routine, Brian got up and cooked pancakes with chocolate chips, eggs, and bacon— all Mickey’s favorites. The little boy ambled into the kitchen, carrying his favorite action figure. Brian looked at his namesake and smiled. Brian Jr., also known as Mickey because he loved the Disney character so much as a toddler, was a bundle of energy once he got started in the mornings. He had his mother’s doe-like brown eyes and chocolate complexion and his dad’s inquisitive mind. That meant Brian wasn’t going to be able to hide the divorce from him.

“Good morning, son,” Brian said as Mickey took a seat at the table in the middle of the kitchen.

“Morning,” he replied sleepily. “Where’s Mommy?”

Brian cleared his throat nervously. He didn’t want to lie to his son; honesty was one of the main things he taught Mickey. Then again, he couldn’t break his son’s heart. Mickey and his mother were extremely close. She spent the majority of her time with him because Brian worked a lot.

“Uh, Mommy had to go away for her new job.” That wasn’t totally a lie, he reasoned.

Mickey scratched his nose and looked at his father. “When’s she coming back? Where did she go? What’s a divorce?”

Brian’s ears burned at the sound of the word divorce, a word he had been working so hard for his son to never hear. He’d subjected himself to a loveless marriage so that Mickey would not know the pain of watching one of his parents walk out of the house and never return.

“Where did you hear that word?” he asked.

Mickey bit his bottom lip and looked up at his father. “I was listening to Mommy on the phone.”

How long has she been planning this? Brian wondered. “A divorce is when a mommy and a daddy stop living with each other.”

“Why?”

Brian shrugged his shoulders. “Things like that just happen. Eat your breakfast,” he said as he set a plate of pancakes, bacon, and eggs in front of his son. Brian couldn’t explain it. Everything was all too raw. And though he didn’t want to admit it, he’d seen this coming like a beacon in the night. If Olivia hadn’t walked out, Brian knew that he probably would have eventually.

Mickey cut into his pancakes and then looked up at his father. “Are you and Mommy getting a divorce?”

“Eat,” Brian said, not ready to tell his son the entire truth about his mother. Sitting across from Mickey, Brian forced down eggs and bacon. He was going to need energy for the rest of his day. Brian was going to have to talk to Chief Whitt about leaving the vice/narcotics unit, which was the last thing he wanted to do. That unit was his baby. Brian had earned a reputation as a keen drug cop who knew every place in a car where drugs could be hidden. He’d created a drug task force that worked closely with the sheriff’s office and other area police agencies. The task force had won the state’s highest law enforcement award and had taken more than $30,000,000 in drugs off the streets.

Now he was going to have to leave all of that behind. “How would you like to spend the day with your auntie?”

“Yeah!” Clearly Mickey was excited about spending the day with Gabrielle Jackson, Brian’s sister. Gabrielle was three years younger than Brian and a free spirit. She worked at a nightclub in a neighboring town as a bartender, even though she’d earned a degree in business administration from the University of South Carolina. Brian often thought his sister was wasting her life, but it was her life and having a sister that worked at night did mean a baby sister during the day. He pulled out his cell phone and called his sister.

“What?” she snapped groggily when she answered.

“Good morning, Gabby,” he said cheerfully. “How are you doing this wonderful morning?”

She sighed into the phone. “Brian, why in the hell are you calling me this early in the morning?”

“I need a favor,” he said, lowering his voice and turning his back to Mickey. “Can you watch Mick for a few days?”

Brian could hear his sister’s sheets rustle. “What’s going on? I mean you know I’ll do it.”

“Good, I’ll bring him over in a couple of hours,” he said.

“Where’s your wife?” Contempt peppered her tone. There was no love lost between Olivia and Gabrielle. Even when Brian and Olivia were dating in high school, the two women didn’t get along.

“I can’t get into that right now,” Brian whispered. “Mickey is finishing up breakfast and I’ve got to pack his bag, so see you at ten-thirty?” She grunted, but Brian knew she would be up and ready to spend time with her only nephew.





A few hours later, Brian was pulling into the driveway of his parents’ old house. Gabrielle had moved into the house after Alice and Marvin Jackson died. The death of their parents had brought them closer together. Gabrielle would do anything for Brian and the same was true for him. His sister was the most important woman in his life—especially now that his wife was gone. He looked up at his sister, who was standing on the porch. Every day she was starting to look more like their mother. She had dark hair that was cut in a Chinese bob and skin the color of cinnamon. About five-foot-eleven-inches, Gabrielle looked as if she could be a model. She’d received her height from their father and her looks from their mother.

“Hey,” she called out as Mickey and Brian got out of the car. Mickey ran to the front porch and wrapped his arms around his aunt’s long legs.

“Aunt Gabby,” he said as she reached down and hugged him. Brian walked up the steps of the antebellum styled house carrying Mickey’s bags.

“Hey champ, why don’t you take this in the house so I can talk to your auntie,” Brian commanded softly.

Mickey disappeared inside the house and Gabrielle and Brian took a seat in the rocking chairs on the front porch. Gabrielle looked at her brother with questions dancing in her eyes.

“What’s really going on?”

Brian sighed and rocked back and forth. “Olivia left me,” he said in a voice barely above a whisper.

“She did what?”

“Took off in the middle of the night and wanted to take Mickey to live with her mother.”

“That scandalous b—” Gabrielle stopped short when she saw the wounded look on her brother’s face. He loved Olivia. Gabrielle, on the other hand, couldn’t stand her. She’d always thought Brian could have done better in the romance department than that stuck-up, wannabe diva.

“What are you going to do?” she asked.

Brian shrugged his shoulders as he stroked the arms of the wooden chair, deciding that they needed to be stained again. “All I know is, she’s not taking my son from me when she’s the one who wants out of this marriage. I put up with a lot these last few years and I did it all for Mickey. If she’s content with giving up on letting him have a two-parent home, fine.”

“I’ll help you any way I can,” Gabrielle pledged. “She can’t take my nephew from you. Mickey needs a strong male role model and they don’t get any stronger than you. Maybe she did you a favor. Kids are smart and it was only a matter of time before Mickey figured out his parents couldn’t stand each other. I hope the stupid bitch doesn’t come back. You deserve so much better.”

Brian smiled at his sister and thanked her, then rocked back and forth. “I’m going to have to make some major changes in my life,” he said, more to himself than to Gabrielle.

“But Brian, police work is a part of you. How are you going to give that up? I wish I could just slap the sh—”

“Gabrielle,” Brian said in a warning tone. “She’s Mickey’s mother and I don’t want you talking bad about her, especially around my son.” Gabrielle flashed her brother a fake smile. “You know how I love my sister-in-law.”


Brian rolled his eyes. “If I could arrest you for lying, I would.” He stood up and walked over to the screen door. “Champ.”


Mickey came running to the door. “Yes, sir?”

Brian opened the door then reached down and hugged his son. “Listen to your auntie, all right? And try to eat something other than ice cream.”


Mickey nodded, but Brian knew as soon as he left, his son and his sister were going to dive into a huge bowl of ice cream. As Brian drove to the police station, he thought about what he was giving up— the excitement of being out on the street, the all-night stakeouts, taking down drug dealers who thought they were ten feet above the law. Police work made him feel alive, important, as if he were making a difference. Brian pulled into the parking lot of the Elmore Police Department, parking his Ford F-150 next to the unmarked vice/narcotics car he usually drove to do surveillance in. Any other day, he would get in this car and head out on the streets to fight the war. But those days were over. Now he had to tell that to the chief.





CHAPTER THREE




Brian lay in the bed staring up at the ceiling. In less than a week, his life had change dramatically. His wife had walked out on him, leaving him alone with his son, and to top it off, his new assignment meant he would be a glorified baby-sitter. He closed his eyes and thought about the conversation he’d had with Chief Whitt.

“Detective Jackson,” the old man said when he spotted Brian standing at the door. “Come in and have a seat.”

Chief Whitt was an old-time police chief. He still smoked fat cigars in his office, in spite of the big no smoking sign on the outside of his door and he had a bottle of bourbon in his desk drawer, along with a package of pork skins. When Brian sat down, Whitt pulled out a cigar and offered one to his favorite officer. Brian shook his head.

“What’s wrong?” Whitt asked.


“I need out of the vice/narcotics unit,” Brian said slowly.


Whitt nearly choked on a mouthful of smoke. “What? Jackson, no way. You’re the best I have and. . . What’s bringing this on? You built that unit. Hell, if it weren’t for you we’d still have traffickers setting up shops on Main Street. You get a rush out of bringing dealers down. What’s really going on?”

“It’s personal, sir,” Brian said, hoping to avoid telling his boss about the collapse of his marriage.

Whitt took a drag of the cigar and exhaled. Smoke circled above his head like a cloud. “You’re going to have to do better than that. You leaving the squad is basically like dismantling it,” he said. Disappointment and anger peppered his tone. “What’s going on, Jackson?”

“Olivia and I are getting a divorce and I have to do what’s best for my son,” Brian said through clinched teeth.

Whitt tapped his cigar against the oval-shaped ashtray on the corner of his desk. “I didn’t know this was happening to you. Shit like this is common in our line of work.”

Brian stared at him blankly. Was he supposed to tell his chief that for the last five years he’d been living with a woman who had turned into someone he didn’t like?

Olivia had a lot of dreams and fashion design was one of them. But instead of following her heart after high school, she’d let her mother talk her into staying in Elmore. Brian had tried to push her into doing what she wanted to do. He didn’t think it fair for him to live his dream and Olivia to abandon hers. One day, he knew, even though it wasn’t really his fault, she’d end up resenting him.

Three years into their marriage, Olivia had applied to the Atlanta School of Design and Fashion. She had been accepted and Brian was ready to move to Georgia. He’d applied for a job with the Atlanta Police Department and gotten hired.

But the moment they told Davina, Olivia’s mom, about their move, Davina suddenly became ill. Brian knew there was nothing wrong with that battle-ax. He’d joked privately with his sister that Davina would outlive the roaches.

Olivia, on the other hand, feared that her mother was deathly ill and put off her plans — again. She told Brian that the school would hold her place for a year and once she knew her mother’s condition, they would go to Atlanta.

It never happened, at least not the way Brian wanted it to happen. He would’ve packed up and moved to Georgia, taken the job with APD just to make Olivia happy.

“I hope you can understand that my son is more important than anything to me right now. If I don’t do something, I could lose him. As much as I love my work, I love my son more.”

Whitt put his feet up on the desk and looked thoughtfully at Brian. “Well, I understand your family is important and I’ll be happy to work with you.” Whitt reached into his desk drawer, pulling out his half empty bottle of bourbon and two shot glasses. He poured the liquor into the glasses and pushed one to Brian. “As a matter of fact, we’re starting a new program at the high school. The mayor and the school board seem to think that there’s a gang of delinquents over there. Two weeks ago, a teacher was accosted in the parking lot. They’ve had a student bring a gun to school and fights break out every other week. So, they’ve asked us to step in as school resource officers. I was thinking of putting one of the rookies in there, but given your situation, this seems like a great opportunity for you.”

“What, I’m supposed to patrol a bunch of kids all day?” Brian asked. He was hoping to be assigned to the traffic division or something. The last thing he wanted was to be the surrogate father to a bunch of teenagers who thought they owned the world. He had run into his share of those on the street. He downed his bourbon, hoping it would change what Chief Whitt was saying.

“Brian, I know it sounds like baby-sitting, but you’ll have the authority to arrest. You’ll be the security expert for the district and you’ll be the DARE officer as well. Just think of it as another way to fight drugs,” Whitt said as he picked up his glass of bourbon. Brian refilled his own glass.

About a half an hour later, Brian headed home to an empty house.

Brian climbed out of the bed. His bedroom wasn’t a place of comfort; it was a reminder of Olivia; from the rose-colored comforter that he had thrown on the floor to the pink and yellow curtains that hung on the window. He walked over to the window and snatched the curtains down, then opened the window to let in some fresh air. The lingering aroma of Olivia’s signature scent was overpowering this morning. He stalked out of the bedroom and into the kitchen, where he grabbed a huge black trash bag. Walking back into the bedroom, he began throwing away everything that reminded him of Olivia—the curtains, the comforter, and half-empty bottles of perfume that she’d left on the dresser. Brian picked up a picture that they’d had taken on their third wedding anniversary. They had decided to spend the weekend at Myrtle Beach. He looked at his wife’s oval-shaped face. She was smiling as he held her. Two days after they returned from the trip, Olivia found out that she was pregnant. She’d had a miscarriage, though. And things changed in their marriage. Brian and Olivia didn’t talk about the loss of the baby and there was some distance between them.

A year later, she had Mickey. Looking back, he could see that after their son was born, the rift between then grew wider.

When Mickey was two years old, Brian and Olivia had had a huge fight.

“I’m sick of being stuck here with the baby all the time. You never make time for me, Brian. What happened to the way we used to be?” she’d yelled as Brian walked in the door from patrol one day.

“Olivia, calm down. Why don’t we put Mickey in day care and you take that time—”

“To what? Iron your uniforms; cook your lunch and dinner? This isn’t what marriage is supposed to be. Why do you get your dream and I get stuck with the kid?” Olivia had slammed out of the house, the first of many temper tantrums she would throw before leaving.

I should have fought for my marriage. I don’t want my son to have two houses, two bedrooms and two sets of toys. That’s not how family is supposed to work.

Brian dragged the bag into the bathroom, and then proceeded to rip the taupe and mauve shower curtain off the silver rings and toss out Olivia’s cold cream, lipsticks, old birth control pills, and razors. Then he walked back into the bedroom, making sure he had all traces of her out of his space. All at once, the sound of screeching brakes caught his attention. Brian watched as a cherry red convertible Mustang and a Ryder truck pulled up in front of Mrs. Anderson’s rental house. He drank in the image of the woman emerging from the car, noting her long lean legs and the short jean shorts that fit like a second skin, the white tank top that clung to her breasts. She slammed the door of her car and turned to the thick brother that had gotten out of the truck. Brian assumed that they were the new couple moving into Tamara Anderson’s house.

Since March, five people had lived in that house. Most of the people had been quiet, but there was one resident who Brian arrested for smoking marijuana. He assured Mrs. Anderson that he would watch her property for her, but he also told her that she should screen her residents before allowing them to move in. Turning away from the window, he grabbed the full trash bag, and then slipped his feet into a pair of black leather slippers before heading outside to the trashcan.

“Where’s that damned woman?” the woman standing next to the Mustang exclaimed. “It’s entirely too hot for this crap.”

Brian cast a contemptuous glance her way. Her voice sounded the way he’d always imagined the cry of a mythic banshee. She must be a Burger King woman. She wants it her way, right away. What a shrew.

“Excuse me,” the man said to Brian. “Have you seen the woman who owns this house?”

Brian shrugged his shoulders. “Mrs. Anderson doesn’t usually get out of church until two or three.”

“Damn it,” the woman shrieked. “What am I supposed to do? Bake in the sun?”

Brian shuddered inwardly and felt sorry for big man. But he wasn’t getting involved in their drama; he had his own worries. He walked back into his house and continued purging his life of Olivia. He took down the painting she’d purchased at the flea market. It depicted a man, woman and child, who were supposed to be representative of their family. What a fucking joke. He threw away all of the angel figurines that Olivia had collected over the years. Brian would have taken the canary yellow drapes down, but then his neighbors would be able to see directly into his house. But they wouldn’t see much. Brian’s days and nights were lonely. He hadn’t felt the touch of a woman in months. Even before Olivia walked out on him, she hadn’t allowed him to touch her, kiss her or make love to her. Brian yearned for the touch of woman, to feel soft lips against his, to feel a soft body in his arms, the swell of full breasts against his chest. He shook his head to clear away the lustful thoughts. All he needed to do was get her things out of the house and focus on his new assignment and his son. A couple of cold showers would clear up everything else.





Paige and Patrick sat on the steps of the house. “You’re starting already. You know that man heard your potty mouth,” he said.

She shrugged her shoulders. “She said she would be here by now.”

“I hope she takes you to church one Sunday, because you need a little Jesus in your life,” Patrick said as he touched her forehead like a TV evangelist saving a soul.

“Stop it.” Paige swatted his hand away. A few moments later, a long yellow Cadillac pulled in front of the house. The driver’s side door opened and a broad woman, dressed in a lime green dress and a canary yellow and lime hat with several feathers sticking out of it, got out and walked over to Paige and Patrick. She reminded Paige of Miss Piggy. She waddled instead of walked. Turning away quickly, she stifled a laugh.

“Well, good afternoon,” Mrs. Anderson said.


Paige stood up and extended her hand. “Hi.”


“You must be Paige. I thought you were moving in alone. I don’t ‘low no shacking up in my houses,” Mrs. Anderson said haughtily. “If y’all aren’t married, I can’t let you stay here.”

“This is my friend Patrick and he’s just helping me move in,” Paige said, struggling to keep her attitude in check. “I’m going to be living here all alone.”

Mrs. Anderson released a sigh of relief. “Good, ‘cause I know you young people think it’s okay to live with each other, but that goes against God’s word. Now, let’s take a look at the house.”

She walked up to the front door and unlocked it. A musty smell floated out of the house. Paige held her breath as Mrs. Anderson showed her around.

“Now this is a nice house. Three bedrooms, spacious kitchen and look at the living room and this bay window. Isn’t it beautiful?”

Paige nodded, her eyes burning from the smell.

Mrs. Anderson looked at Paige and smiled sweetly. “I know I’m not going to have to worry about anything with you. The rent is due the first of the month and I don’t play that late shit, either. The law lives right across the street and I will not hesitate to have your ass arrested.”

Paige fought the urge to roll her eyes. What a hypocrite. She just left church and now she’s cursing like Redd Foxx. She looked at her landlady and pasted a smile on her face.

“Mrs. Anderson, I assure you, paying my rent won’t be a problem,” Paige said in the same syrupy tone Mrs. Anderson had used. It was as if the women had drawn battle lines in the sand. Mrs. Anderson took her hat off and patted her flat brown hair.

“Well,” she said. “I’ll let you and your friend get back to unpacking.”

Paige flashed a smile and walked her to the front door. Mrs. Anderson handed Paige the keys to the house. “Welcome to Elmore. We’re going to have to worship together one Sunday. My church has bible study every Wednesday night at seven-thirty. There are quite a few single men who attend the bible study.”

“We’ll have to see about that,” Paige replied. She wanted to tell Mrs. Anderson that she was a bleeding heart atheist just to see the look of horror that would spread across her wide face. But Paige didn’t want to alienate anyone on her first day in town. Patrick smiled at her when Mrs. Anderson left.

“Good job, Paige,” he said. “I just knew you were going to curse that old bat out. Hell, she actually deserved it. Thinking that you and I were a couple, please!”

“Shut up,” she replied, then headed outside to begin moving her boxes in. “You should be so lucky.”

A few hours later, Paige had all of her belongings moved into the house and Patrick was taking the truck back to Nashville. She took stock of her surroundings while she sat in the middle of the living room. This is it, she thought. This is the new beginning.





CHAPTER FOUR


It was just like Paige to be late for her first day at work. But it wasn’t really her fault. The chirping of crickets and tree frogs had kept her up all night. As well as the wailing of a neighborhood cat.

Following a quick shower and speed dressing, Paige dashed into the kitchen, brewed coffee, poured it into her Tennessee State University mug, and grabbed her briefcase, along with three leather-bound psychology books that dealt with teenagers. A few drops of coffee trickled down the side of the mug and onto her tan pants. Paige swore under her breath and tried to wipe the stain away, then resigned herself to the fact that she was going to smell like coffee all day.

Slowly, hands full and holding her key ring in her mouth, she backed out the door. Paige was nervous about her job. What were the kids going to be like? Would they respond to her? Elementary school students were easy to bond with, but high school students had a lot of baggage. Paige was passionate about helping children and she realized that high school students were sometimes pushed into adulthood when they weren’t ready to be. She knew it was her job to insure the children realized that it was okay to be a kid and leave adult problems to the adults. She managed to close the door and locked it without spilling any more of her coffee.

Paige dropped her books and briefcase in the backseat of her car, and then slowly backed out of the driveway, only to speed down the street to the high school. There was no morning rush hour traffic and it took Paige only seven minutes to get to the school from her house. This must be the advantage of living in a small town, she thought. As it turned out, she was about ten minutes early for work. She hoped that she would be able to run into the cafeteria and grab a bite to eat. However, just as she walked through the doors of Elmore High School, the strap on her briefcase snapped. All of her folders, note pads, pens and books spilled across the floor. The three big books in her arms dropped also, narrowly missing her toes. And her cherished mug fell, shattering into a thousand white pieces. Paige muttered a string of profanities as she bent down to retrieve her belongings.

“Miss, are you okay?” a velvet voice inquired. Paige looked up and saw a man who might have been a mythic god. His skin was the color of milk chocolate and his eyes sparkled like black diamonds. He began picking up coffee-stained pieces of paper and file folders. “Ma’am, are you all right?” he asked again.

His voice was hypnotic. She felt like a cobra swaying to the charmer’s flute. She wondered if his wooly Afro was as soft as it looked. “Uh, yes. I guess it’s just first day jitters.” For the first time, Paige noticed he had on a policeman’s uniform. “Is this place that bad?”

“No, ma’am,” he replied as he handed her the last of her belongings. Then he radioed for a janitor.

Paige watched his thick lips as he talked into the radio. She wickedly wondered if he was a good kisser. Then she looked down at his left hand and saw his gold wedding band.

Damn, the fine ones are always taken, she thought woefully. Paige waited for him to stop talking on the radio and then asked him to direct her to the guidance office. The policeman took the three books from her arms and walked her down the hall to the guidance office, which was near the main office.

“Thanks,” she said, slightly blushing. The officer opened the door and nodded as she walked in.

There was something vaguely familiar about that woman but Brian just couldn’t put his finger on it. Her beauty was striking, from her puffy afro, which reminded him of the texture of cotton, to her body that looked as if it had been sculpted from magic clay. But the most outstanding thing about her was her golden eyes. Even though he had sworn off women, he couldn’t deny her appeal. But he wasn’t going to get caught up in the woman’s web of lust and love. He had to take care of his son, and if he had to walk up and down the halls of Elmore High School, then he’d do it.

Brian walked down “E” hall, making sure all of the students were where they should be. He turned the corner and headed outside to the Army ROTC room. No students were outside. Next, he headed back into the building through the commons area. A few kids were leaving the bathroom, but heading back into their gym class across the hall. Brian passed the main office and the guidance office before turning onto “D” hall. Rows of yellow lockers greeted him. He heard muffled voices in the corner.

“Man, this is some primo bud. Where did you get this?” a boy asked.

“I have my sources. Besides, this is going to sell like damned hotcakes. We got all kinds of parties coming up and you know people want to take a—”

“Wanna-be felon like you to jail,” Brian snapped as he walked up behind them.

“What the—” the boys said in unison.

“Drop the marijuana.” Brian reached for his radio as he surveyed the drugs. He estimated that they had about fifteen bag of marijuana, which were worth about ten dollars each.

“Man, you can’t arrest us at school,” one of the boys said as he stood up. The other boy quivered by the lockers.

“Young man, sit down,” Brian ordered in his toughest policeman voice.

The boy just poked out his lips and folded his arms. “I know my rights. I don’t have to do anything you say until I speak with my lawyer.”

Brian fought back a chuckle. “This isn’t Law & Order. Number one, you’re violating the law by disobeying an officer, two, you’re violating the law by being in possession of illegal narcotics on school property—both of you,” he said, shooting a warning glance at the other boy, who was on the verge of tears. “Sit down, son, or we’re going to have a serious problem.”

“You ain’t my daddy.”

Brian pushed him face first into the locker and slapped a pair of handcuffs on him.

“Tough guy, huh? You’re already looking at a felony charge. Do you really want to add more charges? Now sit down!”

The boy relented and sat down. Brian called for additional officers to take the boys away. He felt as if he were on the street again. About ten minutes later, two officers walked into the school and smiled at Brian.

“Hook ‘em and book ‘em Jackson. It’s just nine o’clock and you got two already,” said Officer Bright.

“Carlos, just take them and cut the jokes,” Brian said firmly.

The officer threw up his hands and took the cuffs off the first boy. He handed them back to Brian, while the other officer collected the evidence. “Have a good day, Officer Jackson,” Bright said as he took the boys to his squad car. Brian waved and headed down the hall to see if there were any other wayward kids lurking around the corner.

A few hours later, after walking around the school four times, Brian decided to go to his office, which was more like a closet. He had to admit, leaving work at three forty-five was going to be great. He would be able to pick Mickey up from school and help him with his homework. Just as he was about to put his feet up on his desk, he heard a loud commotion down the hall.

What now? He stood up and started down the hall. Brian got as far as the guidance office door before running into a large crowd of students. He was just in time to see the woman he’d helped earlier walk into a flying fist and fall to the floor. The crowd gasped collectively. “Danny hit a teacher,” someone yelled. Brian pushed his way through the crowd and grabbed the boy who’d thrown the punch. Looking at the woman as she held her eye, Brian felt an overwhelming urge to protect her. Before he could reach her, the boy involved in the altercation started fighting with the assistant principal. He subdued the boy who was now whaling on the assistant principal. After cuffing the boy and pushing him into the principal’s office, he made his way to the woman.

“Ma’am.” Brian took her hand in his and helped her to her feet. He could tell that her eye was going to be swollen in the morning. “Are you all right?”

She nodded her head. The principal rushed over to her. “Ms. Grayson, do you need to go to the hospital?”

“I’ve been punched before,” she replied in a clipped tone before walking into her office.

“Officer Jackson, this has been a crazy day. I’m glad the police chief decided to put someone here.”

“Maybe I need to go into the homerooms and let the students know that violence and drugs won’t be tolerated,” Brian said. The principal nodded and headed for his office. Brian couldn’t wait for his day to be over.





Paige’s head throbbed, her eye stung, and the last thing she wanted to do was answer a bunch of questions. But Dr. Sullivan, the head of the guidance department, made her go to the school nurse. Then he canceled the appointments she had for the day.

I might as well go home, she thought as she sat in her office counting the hours until it was time to leave. Paige stood up to arrange her books on the shelf and tried not to think about the sexy police officer who seemed to be around every time she needed rescuing. He seemed familiar but she just couldn’t place him. Chalking it up to him being the incarnation of the man of her dreams, sexy, strong, confident and sensual, Paige didn’t try too hard to remember. Instead, she fantasized about being wrapped up in those strong arms, his lips pressed against hers. Then she snapped back to attention.

“That man’s married,” she mumbled as she placed another book on the shelf. A sharp pain shot through her head. She stroked her cheek gently, only making the pain worse. Paige turned off the lights in her office and sat at her desk, wishing the pain away. Before she realized it, the day was over. Happily, Paige grabbed her briefcase and headed out the door, running into the man she’d dubbed Officer Fine and Friendly.

“How’s that eye?” he asked.

“I’ll live,” Paige said as she locked her office door. “Who knew high school was so dangerous. A hell of a way to start my first day.”

The officer didn’t crack a smile. He just offered to walk Paige to her car. Who’s this guy? Robocop? “So,” she said, trying to strike up conversation. “I don’t think we’ve been properly introduced. You are?”

“Officer Brian Jackson,” he said.


She extended her perfectly manicured hand to him. “Paige Grayson.” Brian shook her hand as they walked outside to the parking lot.

“Ms. Grayson, it’s nice to meet you. You make sure you take care of that eye.” He started for his car and Paige watched him as he walked away.

Mrs. Jackson’s a lucky woman, she thought as she pulled out the keys to her Mustang.

“Excuse me.” Paige whirled around to see Brian staring at her.

“Yeah?”

“Is that your car?”

Paige raised her eyebrow. Don’t you see me getting in it? “Yes, why?” “Nice,” he said, then quickly got into his patrol car.

Paige shot a questioning look his way as he drove off. Shaking her head, she got into the car, buckled her seat belt and then put the pedal to the metal and tore out of the parking lot. One thing she loved about Elmore was the open roads and lack of traffic. She could really floor it and tear up the pavement. But today she obeyed the speed limit. Her eye was throbbing and all she could think of was Brian Jackson. Why did he have to be married?

Paige pulled into her driveway, ready to put the hellish events of the day and thoughts of Brian behind her. She planned to listen to some John Coltrane and sip on a glass of Merlot with an ice pack on her eye. As she got out of the car, she noticed a blue and white Elmore Police Department car pulling into the driveway across the street. Paige glanced over to see who the neighborhood cop was. Her mouth dropped open as she watched Brian step out of the car. Their eyes locked as they registered the fact that they were neighbors. Paige waved and Brian returned the greeting.

“Who knew Robocop was my neighbor?” she joked.

“Make sure you keep your speed under control. I have a son and there are a lot of kids in the neighborhood,” he ordered.

Paige smirked. “I’ll be sure to do that, officer, sir.” She watched him as he disappeared inside his two-story brick house. She imagined Mrs. Jackson waiting for him with a piping hot meal, a cool drink, and his newspaper. She was jealous because all she had waiting for her were boxes and a splitting headache.





Brian hated coming home to an empty house. But that was going to change tomorrow, since Mickey was coming home. All he had to do was make it through the night. His mind drifted to Paige. He couldn’t believe that woman was the speeding shrew. How could someone that beautiful be that abrasive? He absentmindedly stroked his gold wedding band. No use in keeping it on. He snatched it from his finger and tossed it across the room. Out with the old, he thought as he leaned back on the sofa, ready to watch ESPN and clear his mind of his hellish day. Then there was a knock on the door. Brian figured that his day was about to get even worse. Who would be on his doorstep other than trouble? He walked to the door and pulled the ivory lace curtain back. To his surprise, Paige was standing there dressed in a pair of grey sweat pants and a Tennessee State University tank top. Her face, even with the purple bruise, was beautiful. Brian opened the door.

“I’m sorry to bother you,” she began. “But I don’t have any ice and I was wondering if I could borrow some from you.”

“Oh, okay. Come in.”

Paige timidly stepped inside the house. “I hope I’m not bothering you and your family.” She hung back by the door.

Brian walked into the living room and handed her a white dish- towel filled with ice cubes. “It’s just me tonight. Mickey is with his auntie.”

Paige bit her bottom lip as if she were holding back another question. “Thanks for the ice. I guess I’ll have to call Mrs. Anderson and tell her the ice maker is broken.”

“I’ll come take a look at it.” He followed her to the door.

Paige raised her hands. “No, you really don’t have to. I’m sure your wife will be home soon.”

Brian looked away, hiding the leaden hurt that clouded his eyes. “No, she won’t.” His voice was low and barely audible.

“I’m sorry?”


“I’m practically divorced.”


Paige glanced down at Brian’s left hand. The gold band was gone, just a pale ring of flesh was in its place. “Oh,” Paige said. “Uh, I just—”

Brian waved his hand and opened the door. “Forget about it.”

She followed him across the street, holding the homemade ice pack to her eye. Brian glanced back at her. He could tell that she wanted to ask more questions but was thankful that she didn’t. There was no way that Brian was going to get involved with another woman. Besides, this woman had a boyfriend, didn’t she? If she had a man, why didn’t he fix her icemaker?

“Ms. Grayson, why didn’t you get your boyfriend to take care of this for you?”

“Boyfriend?” Paige said as if it was a foreign concept.

“The guy who moved you in.”

“Oh, Patrick. He’s hardly my boyfriend,” Paige laughed. “We’re just really good friends.”

Brian shot her a questioning look. Likely story, he thought as he followed her inside. Boxes lined the walls of the living room. Paige’s leather sofa and love seat sat awkwardly in the middle of the floor, holding more boxes.

“Excuse my mess. I hate unpacking.”

Brian nodded. When they got in the kitchen, he opened the freezer door and began examining the icemaker. It was just as he’d suspected. The water tube was disconnected. He reconnected the tube and the machine began to hum.

“There you go.”

“I feel really blonde right now. I could’ve fixed that.” Paige grimaced as she placed the ice pack back on her eye.

Brian grabbed her hand and looked at her cheek. “You may need to go to the hospital.”

“Why?”


“You may have a broken bone in your cheek.”


Paige touched her cheek and shivered. Brian clasped his hands together. “I’ll drive you to the hospital if you want me to,” he said. Taking care of Paige would fill his evening with something to do. The silence in his house was deafening.

“I don’t need to go to the hospital,” she said. “It’s not broken.”

Brian looked at her. She was probably right, but he wanted to be sure because a face like that didn’t need any imperfections. What was he thinking? He had enough to deal with; he had to get away from her. He didn’t want to start feeling anything for her. But her eyes were hypnotic. They bored holes into his soul.

“All right then.” He started for the door.

“Hey,” Paige called out. “You have to let me at least buy you a cup of coffee and a muffin in the morning.”

“I’m just being a good neighbor. You don’t have to repay me.”

Paige sighed. “It’s not about repaying you. I just want to show my appreciation. I don’t know anyone here and it wouldn’t hurt to have a cop for a friend.”

Acting as uninterested as possible, Brian said, “If it will make you feel better, then do it.”

Paige puffed her cheeks as if she were about to explode. “All I’m trying to do is be nice to you and you’re acting like a brooding asshole. Forget it. I’m sorry I bothered you, Robocop.” She dumped the ice out of the dishtowel and handed it to Brian. “Now we never have to speak again.”

“Good, because you’re crazy.” Brian stormed out of the house.

The next morning, fate made Paige and Brian leave for work at the same time. She shot him a contemptuous glance as he climbed into his squad car. His uniform hugged his athletic body. Paige looked away as Brian turned to look at her. She could feel him drinking her image in like a glass of water. Brian couldn’t help admiring her. Her ivory outfit accented her bronze skin and fabulous eyes. Her afro was pulled up in a puffy ponytail and her plum-shaped toes peaked out of silver stiletto sandals. Brian turned away from her. Paige hopped in the car and peeled out of the driveway.

Brian watched her as she peeled out of the driveway and sped off. Obviously, the car was moving faster than the posted 25 miles per hour speed limit. He pulled out of the driveway behind her, flipping on the blue lights and siren.

“What the hell?” she mumbled as she looked in the rearview mirror. “What’s Robocop trying to prove?”

Paige stopped the car and rolled the window down as Brian walked over.

“Ma’am, I need your driver’s license and registration.”

“You’ve got to be kidding me.”

“You were speeding, Ms. Grayson. Now I need your license.”

Paige mumbled under her breath as she dug in her purse for her wallet. She handed Brian the information he requested.

Brian looked down at her driver’s license and smiled. He handed it back to her. “I’m letting you go with a warning. Slow down, Paige. And you have thirty days to switch your driver’s license and tags to reflect your South Carolina address.”

She rolled her eyes at him and snatched her driver’s license from his hand.

“Have a good day, ma’am,” Brian said.

Paige fought the urge to tell him what she really thought of his warning. I can’t stand him, she thought as she drove away, following the posted speed limit. Paige was about five minutes late for work, raising the ire of Dr. Sullivan.

“Ms. Grayson, you’re late,” he said.


“Today isn’t the day,” she mumbled.

“Excuse me?”


“I was stopped by the police, sorry I’m late,” she said, her voice syrupy sweet.

“Oh. How’s your eye?”


Paige touched the faint bruise on her cheek. “It’s fine.”


“I’m sorry that happened. This place is turning into a madhouse. I’m glad we have some protection here.”


Paige rolled her eyes. Protection? More like aggravation. “Well, high school can be wild.” She turned toward her office. Once inside, she began flipping through her students’ files. She tried to push Brian out of her mind, but then he walked by her office. Her blood pressure rose ten points. How could someone that sexy be such a jackass? Paige decided that she wasn’t going to let Brian bother her. Forget him, she thought. I don’t need this stress.

Brian willed himself not to look in Paige’s office. He held his breath as he walked by. He knew she was pissed off about him stopping her this morning, but he was doing his job. And, Paige had an attitude that pushed him over the edge. Brian wondered how she, of all people, had become a guidance counselor. Wait a minute. Why am I even thinking about that foul-mouthed shrew?

Brian didn’t want to admit it, or maybe he just couldn’t, but he was attracted to her. Those golden eyes and that fiery attitude excited him. Brian hadn’t been this drawn to a woman since Olivia. He stepped in the boys’ bathroom to compose himself. Paige was a dangerous distraction that he didn’t need.





CHAPTER FIVE


For the next six months, Paige and Brian did a good job of avoiding each other at home and at work. She didn’t even look in his direction when she walked in and out of her house. Brian was busy with his son and didn’t notice that Paige was ignoring him.

When the school year ended, Brian was happy because he wouldn’t have to see Paige—except for glances across the street every now and then.

“Daddy!” Mickey said early one Saturday morning when he burst into the bedroom. “Let’s go to the park.”

Brian looked at the clock. It was six-thirty and all he wanted to do at this hour was enjoy the vacation time that the chief had allowed him to take before he was worked back into the traffic patrol rotation later in the summer. But even if he were on duty today, he wouldn’t be up this time of the morning.

“It’s a little too early.” Sleep deepened his voice.

“Come on!” Mickey hopped up on the bed, jumping up and down. Brian grabbed his son’s leg, pulling him down on the bed.

“Hey kid, it’s Saturday. The day you’re supposed to sleep late,” he said as he tickled the boy’s stomach. Mickey giggled and wiggled out of his father’s clutches.

“Come on, Daddy! Let’s go to the park.”


“We will, but not right now. Daddy needs some rest.”


Mickey pouted, pulling at Brian’s heartstrings. He sat up in the bed. “How about this,” Brian began. “Why don’t we go have breakfast at Soul to the Bone and then we can go to the park, later.”

Mickey’s eyes glistened with joy. “Okay.”

“But first, you have to take a bath, brush your teeth, and get dressed.”

Mickey hopped off the bed and ran into the bathroom. Brian sat up in the bed, wishing he had half of the energy his son had. Then he stood up and opened the curtains. The sun came beaming in. He lazily looked across the street at Paige’s house and was surprised to see her standing at the end of the driveway, dressed in a black Nike sports bra and a pair of black spandex shorts. Brian couldn’t turn away from her shapely figure, her long, toned legs, muscular thighs and washboard flat stomach. Erotic thoughts danced though his mind as Paige stretched.

Too damn sexy, he thought, forcing himself to turn away. Within seconds, Brian was staring again, watching as Paige ran down the street, her shapely behind bouncing up and down as she moved. Brian ran his hand over his face. She’s still crazy. I don’t care how fine she is, he thought, heading to the bathroom to check on Mickey. Just as he suspected, his son was playing with his plastic ships and divers in the tub. Brian smiled as he watched Mickey submerge his sailboat. How could Olivia give this up?

Brian wondered if his former wife was happy with the decision she’d made. Mickey had spoken to his mother often since she left, but he hadn’t seen her and Brian was tired of making excuses for her when Mickey asked when Mommy was going to visit. Didn’t she know that she was hurting her son more than she was hurting Brian? He was actually okay with ending his marriage. When the papers came in the mail, he hadn’t thought twice before signing them. All he did was sign away a lie.

“All right, champ, clean behind those ears so we can go,” he said. Mickey obeyed and pushed his toys aside. After Brian showered and dressed, the Jackson men headed to Soul to the Bone, Elmore’s favorite restaurant. As they were pulling out of the driveway, Paige was jogging up the block. Sweat caused her body to shimmer like the sun reflecting on a quiet brook. Brian stopped abruptly as he watched her jog into the yard. His loins ached for her. Brian shook his left leg, willing his hormones to calm down, but the throbbing hardness between his legs wouldn’t go away.

Mickey shot his father a questioning look. “What’s wrong, Daddy?” “Nothing,” Brian replied. “I just wanted to test the brakes.” Mickey shrugged his shoulders. One day, Brian thought, he’ll understand.





Paige collapsed on her sofa after her three-mile run. She hadn’t taken a run in months and she could feel it. Her legs burned, her lungs sucked oxygen at an alarming rate, and her stomach contracted from hunger pains. She sat up slowly, then stood and made her way into the kitchen. Paige opened the refrigerator, but the cups of yogurt and fresh fruit were not what she wanted. Her mouth watered for buttery grits, cheese eggs, and a big waffle dripping with sweet maple syrup, something that would insure she’d run again in the morning. The only place she could think of where she could get that kind of breakfast was Soul to The Bone. Not bothering to change her clothes, she dashed to her car and headed for the restaurant. Paige sped down the street, ignoring Brian’s warning to slow down. Since school was out, she’d only seen glimpses of him. She was just fine with that because that man was too uptight for his own good. Paige didn’t need someone always reminding her about the rules because she wasn’t a child. Besides, the first chance she got, she was going to Nashville to spend her summer break, where she would definitely have fun. She missed Patrick and their late night trips to the Bourbon Street Blues and Boogie Bar.

That’s it, she thought as she pulled into the crowded parking lot and got out. I’m getting online to book a flight ASAP. Smiling as she thought about the fun waiting for her in Nashville, Paige didn’t notice the man and little boy walking out the door and bumped into the man, causing him to spill his orange juice down the front of her shirt.

“Oh, I’m sorry,” he said.

Paige looked up at Robocop, then down at his son. “It was my fault,” she said sweetly. “I should’ve been paying attention.” Paige smiled at Mickey. “How are you, sweetheart?”

The little boy blushed. “Okay.”

Paige turned her gaze to Brian, who was staring at her erect nipples. Paige crossed her arms over her chest. “Robo-Officer Jackson, I’ll buy you another juice if you would like.”

Brian shook his head. “That’s okay. You enjoy your breakfast.”

Paige watched as Brian and Mickey got into his truck. She shrugged off the incident and the spark she felt when Brian looked at her as she walked into the restaurant to place her order.

Brian drove home slowly, trying to get Paige off his brain. Why had that woman gotten under his skin? How could someone who annoyed the hell out of him also arouse him the way she did?

“What’s wrong, Daddy?” Mickey asked.

“Nothing, champ. We need to go get the cooler so we can take something to drink to the park.”

“Yeah! I want some Sunny D and soda.”

“How about water and fruit juice? You don’t need all of that sugar.” Brian pulled into the driveway and shut the car off. As he and Mickey walked inside, Brian wouldn’t let himself look across the street, even though she wasn’t there. He had avoided Paige all this time and it was going to continue, even if he did want to bury himself inside her. Just fantasying about Paige was more action than he had received from his wife in the last few years of their marriage.

Olivia’s change hadn’t been drastic. It had happened over the last five years. The beginning of their marriage had been like an extension of their high school relationship. They would hold hands when they walked, spend weekends at the lake, feeding each other grapes and cheese. But after the first miscarriage, she’d become a different woman. Sex was sporadic and only when Olivia was in the mood. Brian had always been a passionate man who had loved making love to Olivia from the day they lost their virginity together. He was addicted to Olivia, her taste, touch, and smell. She could turn him on with just a smile or a touch of her hand.

When she stopped touching him, he asked her why on numerous occasions. The answer had always been the same. “I’m tired.”

As time passed, he just stopped asking. But Brian had been willing to have a marriage that lacked passion and love in order to provide a stable life for Mickey.

This will be better. Without the tension in the house I know my son will flourish, he thought as he packed the mini-cooler with drinks, fresh fruit, and cheese. Seconds later, he and Mickey headed out the door. Just as they were about to leave, Paige came speeding down the street. Brian’s blood pressure shot up a hundred points. When is she going to learn?

“Mickey, run inside and grab us some potato chips from the cupboard.” Brian unlocked the front door and Mickey ran inside.

“Hey!” Brian called out when Paige got out of the car.


“What?” she retorted.


“I told you to slow down and you’re still zooming through here like Speed Racer.”


“Why are you harassing me, Robocop?” Anger flickered in her dazzling eyes. “You need to get a life or get laid or something.”


Brian’s eyebrow shot up. “You’re so damned crass.”


“Who was staring at my breasts when he dumped orange juice on me?”


Brian’s cheeks grew hot. She saw that? Embarrassment rippled through his body. What could he say? Brian bit the inside of his jaw. “You need to slow down.”

Paige threw her hands up in his face. “Get over it. Besides, you’re not supposed to be talking to me, anyway.”

Glaring at her, he wondered why she had to be so damned frustrating. “Paige,” he said calmly. “I’m trying to prevent a tragedy.”

Her face softened, causing Brian to turn around. Mickey was coming across the street. “Brian, I’m not a fool. I don’t speed when I see kids playing in the street.”

Mickey walked over to his dad with a super-sized bag of chips. “Hi, are you coming to the park with us?” His childish innocence made Brian and Paige forget their argument.

“No, sweetie. I have to clean up and cook dinner. But you can come over later and get a Popsicle if your dad says it’s okay,” Paige replied.

Mickey pulled at Brian’s leg. “Can I, Daddy, please?”


Brian relented. “Sure, I’ll take you over there.”


Paige smiled at Mickey, but smirked at Brian as they walked away.


“She’s pretty,” Mickey said in a loud whisper.

“Pretty crazy,” Brian muttered. He stole a glance at Paige as she walked into her house. He had to give it to his son, the boy had good taste.





Paige didn’t understand why Brian got under her skin the way he did. She had spent six months avoiding him, trying not to be taken in by his good looks and velvety voice. It was easy to do at school, but today, she couldn’t deny her attraction to him any longer. She wanted him in the worse way. Who wouldn’t want a man like Brian? He was strong, considerate, gentle, and passionate. Was he passionate? Paige wondered what it would be like to be held in Brian’s strong arms, to have his full lips touching hers. Paige closed her eyes and wrapped her arms around herself, wishing they were Brian’s. What am I doing? That man has issues and I’m going to mind my business.

But there was something about the way he looked at her, with lust dancing in his eyes. It had been two years since a man had touched her or caused her legs to quiver.

Phillip Reese, her ex-fiancé, had been an expert lover, but that was where his good qualities ended. Phillip wanted to control Paige and she wasn’t having it. He’d told her that his wife wouldn’t work, wouldn’t hang out in the street with other people, and would be at his beck and call.

Paige had simply replied, “I guess I won’t be your wife, because the last time I checked, slavery was over.”

She had pressed the pitiful half-carat diamond engagement ring into his hand and never looked back. After Phillip, Paige promised herself that her singular focus in life would be her career. But her longing for Brian skewed her focus. She wanted that man and avoiding him wasn’t going to work any longer.

Well, Momma always said if you want something, go for it, Paige thought.

The thunderstorm popped up unexpectedly, par for the course for South Carolina summers. The lightening slashed across the grey sky as Brian and Mickey jumped into the truck before they were completely soaked. The little boy gripped his father’s arm as a boom of thunder shattered the air.

“I want my mommy!” Mickey was afraid of thunder.

“Shh, shh,” Brian cooed as he held his son. When Olivia was around, she’d cuddle with the little boy until the storm was over or he went to sleep. What was the song Olivia used to sing to him? Brian wondered as he tried to comfort his shivering son. The rain came down in thick sheets and booming thunder shook the car. Brian knew it wasn’t his touch that Mickey was longing for; he needed his mother and she wasn’t there. It didn’t matter how often she called or how many cards and gifts she sent to her son from Atlanta. She was still gone. Sometimes Mickey would cry out for her at night and ask Brian why his mommy had to leave. He had told Mickey time and time again that it wasn’t his fault that Olivia left. But it was times like these when it didn’t matter why she left. All that mattered was the fact that she was gone.

Silently, Brian cursed Olivia for leaving Mickey. If he was willing to put up with what had become a marriage of inconvenience, then why couldn’t she?

The first time Olivia called from Atlanta, she and Brian had had a civil conversation for what seemed like the first time in years.

“Mickey’s hurting,” he’d said.

“I can imagine. I really thought I could stay until he was old enough to understand a divorce,” she’d replied. “Brian, I want this. I want to be a fashion designer more than anything and it’s always been that way. I was jealous of you. Staying in Elmore didn’t limit your chances, but it killed mine.”

“You have responsibilities. A son who loves and needs you. This isn’t about our marriage anymore. When Mickey wakes up in the middle of the night wanting his mother, there is nothing I can do about that.”

“This is so unfair.”


“What’s unfair?”


“Life.”


“I don’t mean to make you feel bad, but you let your mother do this to you. We could have been in Atlanta years ago. But—”


“Please, don’t do that. As soon as my exams are over, I’ll visit my son.” “All right, Olivia. But what’s happening is what I was fighting to avoid. Mickey needs both of us.”


“And I needed you, but you don’t always get what you need.” Her hostility had flowed through the phone lines.


“I don’t want to fight with you. I just need to understand what happened to us. Not just you leaving but where out love went.”


“I guess I outgrew it. Bye, Brian.”


At that moment, he’d known beyond a shadow of a doubt that his marriage was over.

The storm subsided as quickly as it had begun. Brian started the car and Mickey slouched in the passenger seat. By the time he got home, the sun was peeking through the clouds. Mickey sat up and looked over at Paige’s house.

“Can I have my Popsicle now?”

“Uh, why not?” Brian and Mickey got out of the car and headed across to Paige’s.

Brian held his breath as Mickey pressed the doorbell. When Paige opened the door, dressed in a pink mini dress and Winnie the Pooh slippers, Brian smiled.

“Hi,” she said.

Mickey grinned at her. “I like your shoes.”


Paige blushed. “Thank you. Come in and I’ll get your Popsicle.”

“Yeah!” Mickey exclaimed. Brian followed his son inside. Paige led them into the kitchen and opened the freezer.

“All right, sweetie, what flavor do you want?”


“Red.”


Paige fished a cherry treat out of the box. “Robo-Brian, can I offer you anything?”


Brian frowned at her. “That’s okay. Popsicles aren’t my thing.”

Paige smiled. “And just what is your thing?”


Brian looked at his son, who was devouring the Popsicle. “Butter pecan ice cream.”


“I’m fresh out of that. But I have some chocolate almond crunch.” “You’re as bad as my sister. What’s up with you women and chocolate ice cream?”


Paige rolled her eyes. “I’m ignoring you, Robocop.”


Mickey giggled and Brian playfully tugged his son’s ear. “You think that’s funny, huh?”


Mickey nodded as he slurped on his Popsicle.

Brian looked up at Paige, who was smiling at the two of them.“What?” he asked.


She shook her head as if to say nothing.

Brian walked over to her and placed his lips close to her ear. “He really needed this.”


“I’m glad I could help,” she replied.





Brian wanted to ask Paige out, but he couldn’t find the words or explain the feeling because he got lost in her golden eyes. Mickey’s voice snapped him out of his lust-induced trance.

“May I have another one?” he asked.

“Sure, if your dad says it’s all right,” Paige replied, looking away from Brian.

Her gentleness with Mickey touched Brian deeply. She wasn’t just the brash, fast driving woman who made his blood boil. She was a sensitive, sexy woman that he wanted to get to know. Why can’t she be like this all the time? he thought as he watched her hand Mickey another Popsicle.

“All right, that’s the last one,” Brian cautioned.


“Yes, sir.”


Paige grabbed a Popsicle for herself. Brian watched as she took it into her mouth. His heart began beating faster as he focused on her lips, imagining them on his pulsating dick. In and out. In and out. Brian shook his head to clear the image of her between his thighs.

“Uh, Mickey, let’s go so we can let Miss Paige get on with her day.”

“All right,” he said in between slurps.

“Thanks, Paige,” Brian said as she walked them to the door.

She gently squeezed his shoulder. “Anytime, he’s just saving me those calories.”


“Bye, Miss Paige,” Mickey said from the steps of the porch.

Brian turned around and looked at her. “Paige, there’s a jazz concert in the park tomorrow and I was wondering if you would like to share a blanket with me and Mickey.”

“Sure,” she said, her lips curving into a sexy smile. “I was planning to go anyway.”

“Cool. I’ll drive.”


“What? You still don’t trust my driving?”


Brian winked at her and smiled. “Not at all,” he replied, then ushered Mickey across the street.





CHAPTER SIX


Paige couldn’t sleep. And it was too cold in her house, but if she turned the air conditioning off the heat would be unbearable. Throwing the sheet back, she sat up in the bed and looked at the clock, which read five after midnight. Climbing out of the bed, she decided to fix a midnight snack and head outside.

She walked into the kitchen, poured herself a tall glass of cold milk and grabbed a handful of chocolate chip cookies. Knowing her quiet neighborhood was sleeping, she didn’t think about changing out of her boy shorts and midriff cotton top. She sat on the steps, leaning back as if she were sun bathing, and munched on the cookies. Paige didn’t notice that she was being watched.

“It’s a little late to be outside, isn’t it?” Brian called out.

Paige dropped her cookie. “Robocop! You scared me.”

“Sorry.”


“What are you doing up this late?” Brian waved for Paige to come over. Dusting the crumbs off her shirt, she started across the street. She drank in shirtless Brian and gave a little praise for those grey shorts that clung to those muscular thighs of his. Why did he have to be so damned tempting? If Paige was honest with herself, she’d admit that Brian Jackson was the reason she couldn’t fall asleep.

“I can’t sleep,” he replied when she walked up on the porch.


“Me either,” she said. “Want a cookie?”


Brian smiled. “I see why you run.”


Paige arched her eyebrow. “And what is that supposed to mean?”

“You love sweets, but it doesn’t show.” His eyes roamed her toned and lean body.

“So, you’re going to lecture me on about my eating habits?” she asked as she took a seat on the brick steps.

“Nah, not now. What I will do is take one of those cookies from you.”

Paige handed Brian her last cookie. “It’s hot out here,” she murmured, forcing herself to look away from him, afraid that her eyes would betray her desire.

Brian nodded. “It’s going to be a hot summer. We’re still stuck in a drought. Good thing I’m not a farmer.”

Paige wanted to tell him that it wasn’t the humidity that was causing her to sweat. “How’s Mickey?”

“Sleeping like a baby. I wish I could do the same,” Brian said with a far-off look in his eyes.

Paige reached out and touched his sculpted arm. “You just need to burn off some energy.”

He raised his eyebrow. “And what are you suggesting?”

Paige smiled and stood up. “I’ll race you to the stop sign. Winner gets cookies.”

Brian smirked but didn’t reply. Paige knew he read the duality of her statement. She did want to race him but to the bedroom.

“What? Scared you’ll get beat by a girl?” Paige teased.

“I don’t want your cookies. Nor do I want have you choking on my dust tonight.”

“I’m more than just cookies,” she said seductively.


“I’m sure you are,” he said, stealing another glance at her body.

Paige smiled knowingly. “Well, well, Robocop is human.”


“All right, Paige, I’m attracted to you. But who wouldn’t be?”

“Brian, I’m flattered, but if I recall correctly, you called me crazy.”

“And I still believe that, but seeing you with my son showed me that you’re more than a speeding shrew.”


Her right eyebrow shot up. “A speeding shrew?”

“First impressions.”

Paige thought back to the fit she’d thrown when she moved in. “I guess I deserve that. What about you, Mr. Officer?”

Brian laughed. “I was nothing but kind to you. I helped you pick up your books.”

“I don’t think so, you were automatic. Yes, ma’am, I’ll help you with that.” She moved mechanically, like a robot.

“Whatever,” Brian said, stepping in front of her.

She wanted to kiss him, to feel his full lips against hers. Though Brian continued to talk, she didn’t know what he was saying because his lips had her hypnotized.

“Brian,” she said, interrupting him. “Would it be shrew-like if I kissed you?”

He grinned. “That’s quite bold.”

Bold. She was about to redefine the word as she stood on her tiptoes and kissed him firmly on the lips. Brian pulled her into his arms, accepting her wanton kiss. Paige’s tongue roamed his mouth, savoring his sweetness. They broke apart and stared deeply into one another’s eyes.

“Um,” Paige whispered. “I’d better go.”


Brian gently took her by the elbow. “Not yet.”


This time he took control of the kiss, boldly capturing Paige’s honeysuckle lips. His hands roamed her tender body, making her shiver with delight. She wanted to succumb to desire as he cupped her bottom, pressing her against him. Paige felt his thick hardness bouncing on her thighs and her body sizzled. Then Brian stepped back. The sexual energy around them made the humid air electric. She wanted to finish what they had started, yearned to feel Brian inside her. But she wasn’t in the market for a one-night stand. With shaky steps, Paige backed further away from him.

“You don’t have to go,” he whispered.

“Yes, I do. I’ll see you later.”


Brian grabbed her elbow. “Paige, I want you to stay with me tonight.”

His invitation intrigued her. But where would this leave them? “Brian, I can’t stay. I-I want to, believe me I do, but it’s just—”

“I understand. I didn’t mean to come on so strong.”

She shook her head. “Brian, I didn’t do anything I didn’t want to do. And I started this. Let’s just call it even.”

She wanted to make love to him, badly, but not now. Paige bit her bottom lip as she walked away.

Brian sat on the porch, staring wistfully at Paige’s retreating figure. What was he thinking, making a move like that on her? It wasn’t as if he could have acted on those impulses anyway. He had to set a positive image for his son and sleeping with a woman he barely knew wouldn’t be a good example. And he couldn’t have gone over to her house, leaving his son alone while he acted like a horny teenager. Brian knew his priority was Mickey. He stole one last glance at Paige’s behind and then shook his head. He had to let that go. She would be too much of a distraction. Walking inside, he released a frustrated sigh. Distraction or not, he was hard as a brick and he wanted to bury himself deep inside Paige Grayson.

Sleep didn’t come easy for Brian that night; his mind was filled with erotic thoughts of Paige. He couldn’t get the taste of her mouth out of his mind. Her kiss had stirred his soul. Her lips were like silk. He imagined her in his arms, her firm breasts pressed against his chest. Brian reached down and stroked his throbbing shaft, imagining it was Paige’s supple body tightening around him as she bounced up and down.

He stopped once he realized what he was doing. This is crazy, he thought as he closed his eyes and attempted to go to sleep.

The next morning, Brian woke up before the sun rose over the horizon. Shake it off, Jackson, he told himself as he climbed out of bed. That wasn’t going to happen, though, because Brian was yearning for Paige, a fact that scared him. What if one taste wasn’t enough? From the way she’d kissed him, he knew he wasn’t going to be satisfied until he tasted every inch of her.

For a change, Mickey was sleeping late. Brian dashed into the bathroom and took an ice cold shower, hoping he wouldn’t think about the taste of Paige’s lips or her supple skin. As the water beat down on him, Brian imagined Paige stepping in behind him, her breasts pressed against his back, her hands roaming his body and gently stroking his hard dick. He shut off the water. The shower wasn’t helping.

Brian knew the only thing to do was to have her. Then he could get those thoughts out of his mind.

“Daddy!”

Brian threw his robe on and dashed down the hall to Mickey’s room. “Little man, what’s wrong?”

“I don’t feel too good,” he moaned.

Brian looked at his son with concern clouding his vision. “What’s the matter?”

“I want Mommy. She knows what to do.”


Brian practically stopped breathing. “Champ, she’s not here.”

“Why? Was I bad? Did she leave because of me?”


Brian inhaled sharply. Each breath was like a knife jabbing into his heart, no matter how many times he’d heard his son ask these questions. “Your mother left because she wanted to. It didn’t have anything to do with you.”

“But why didn’t she take me?”

Brian wanted to tell him that he wouldn’t let her take him with her, but he had to calm him down. “Mickey, why don’t we go do something fun?”

The little boy shook his head. “I want Mommy.” Brian ran his hand over Mickey’s head.

“I’ll call her for you.”

Mickey grabbed his pillow and hugged it tightly. Brian felt bile rushing to his throat as he dialed Olivia’s number.

“The number you have reached has been disconnected,” a recording played back.

Brian hung up and dialed the number again. He got the same recording. What in the hell is going on?

Brian called again. Now he was worried. He and Mickey hadn’t heard from Olivia in about a week and that was odd. She had been making regular calls to her son, though Brian wished she had visited Mickey at least once since she left. Mickey was probably acting out because he hadn’t heard from his mother. Brian couldn’t imagine her moving and not leaving a number where Mickey could reach her.

The only thing he could think to do was call his former mother- in-law. Brian hadn’t talked to Davina Watson since Olivia walked out on him and he wasn’t looking forward to the call. Nonetheless, he dialed the number. Brian had never been Davina’s favorite person, nor was she his. They tolerated each other because of Mickey and Olivia. He was sure she wouldn’t be much help to him. With bated breath, he waited for his former mother-in-law to pick up.

“Y’ello.”

“Davina, it’s Brian.” He cradled the phone against his ear and shoulder.

“What do you want?”


“I need to get in touch with Olivia.”


“Why? She left you, get over it.”


Brian sighed and folded his arms across his chest. “When she left, she also left our son. Mickey needs to speak with his mother.” You old battle-ax.

“Hrump. She told me you wouldn’t let her take the boy or bring him to me.”

“That isn’t the point of my call. Just tell Olivia to call her son today.”

“You can’t handle it, can you?”

“I’m not the one who walked out. It was your daughter who couldn’t handle it. Davina, Mickey isn’t going to suffer because Olivia didn’t want to be my wife anymore.”

“She shouldn’t have married you in the first place.” The dial tone sounded in his ear.

“That bitch,” he muttered. Brian turned around and saw his son standing behind him.

“Is Mommy going to call?”


“She will, son.”


“When?”


“I don’t know, but why don’t you go take a bath?”


“No,” Mickey shouted, folding his arms across his chest. “I’m waiting for Mommy.”


“Come on, Mickey, go wash up.”


“No!”


Brian grabbed Mickey’s arm and turned him toward the bathroom. “Brian Jr., I’m not playing with you. Go wash up and get dressed!”

The little boy wouldn’t bulge. Brian let him go, took a deep breath and spoke softly. “Mick, when she calls, I’ll come get you.”

“No. I want to be right here!” Tears welled up in Mickey’s eyes. Brian was at his wit’s end. His son was disobeying him, but how could he punish him for missing his mother? Brian turned his eyes upward and said a prayer that Olivia would call.

“Mickey,” Brian began, “your mother is working and she’s going to call soon, okay.”

The boy began to cry. Brian wrapped his arms around his son. “I know you miss her,” he cooed as Mickey sobbed.

The phone seemed to ring at the right time. Brian grabbed the receiver, nearly ripping the phone out of the wall. “Hello?”

“Brian, I’m sorry I didn’t give you my new number. Things have just been crazy since I started my apprenticeship. My mother said something is wrong with Mickey.”

“That was really irresponsible of you. Here I am burning vacation time until I can find a work schedule that will benefit both Mickey and me, you’re too busy to pass on a phone number? There’s nothing wrong with Mickey other than the fact that he needs to see his mother.”

She sighed heavily in the phone. “Then save the lecture and put him on the phone, please. I’m not arguing with you, today.”

Brian handed the phone to Mickey and watched as his gloomy son brightened like a lantern. His heart fell to the pit of stomach. He wished there was something he could do to keep that smile on Mickey’s face. Brian needed Mickey in his life but he didn’t want his son to suffer because Olivia had decided she didn’t want to be a full time mother anymore. Was he making Mickey suffer because he couldn’t make his mother happy?

He wanted be a good father to him, just as his father had been to him. Marvin Jackson had kept his family together, through thick and thin. There were times when Brian saw his parents fighting, but no one ever left. His father had been there for him at every football game, every parent teacher conference and the day he graduated from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Academy. Up until the day Marvin died, he had been there for his family. Brian had wanted to be like his father and keep his family together as well. It was too bad that Olivia had other ideas.

When Mickey hung up the phone, he walked over to Brian and gave him a hug. “Mommy told me to give you a hug.”

“Aw, that’s sweet,” Brian replied, swallowing the bitter taste in his mouth.

“Can I go to Atlanta and see her?”

Brian’s heart screamed, No, she walked away from you. “Sure, the next time your mother calls, we’ll talk about it.”

Mickey pouted. “I want to go now.”

“Son, we have to wait for your mother to tell us where she lives and invite us to her house,” he said calmly. He didn’t want to get frustrated, but the situation was giving him a headache. While Brian could understand how Mickey was feeling, if the little boy didn’t watch his tone of voice, he was going to get a spanking.

“She lives in Atlanta, so we can just go there,” he said.

“Go get washed up and dressed. We will discuss this the next time your mother calls!”

Brian’s patience was at its end. Mickey walked down the hall with tears in his eyes.

In the six months that Olivia had been gone, Brian had tried to figure out how he could have thought they were going to stay together when they were barely speaking to each other. The dullness of being lonely had subsided, but his son still needed his mother to be closer to him more than a voice on the end of the phone.

Suddenly a terrible thought struck him. What would happen if the day came when Olivia decided that she wanted to take Mickey to Georgia with her? He couldn’t let that happen.

Brian vowed that he would not lose his son. He was going to do whatever he had to do to make that happen.





CHAPTER SEVEN


Paige woke up with Brian’s kiss on her mind. His lips were everything she’d expected them to be, soft and sweet. She closed her eyes and licked her bottom lip as if reliving the moment. What would have happened if she had followed him inside? Would making love to Brian be as intense as that kiss? She opened her eyes. Did she want to make love to Brian? Of course she did. One touch of his hand set her body on fire. The feel of his lips turned her insides to jelly. She yearned for his touch. Pull it together, she thought as she tossed the covers back. She turned on the TV in her bedroom to check the morning temperature. It was already 80 degrees. It was too hot to run and seeing Brian this morning would put her head in a tailspin. She decided the best thing for her to do this morning would be to take a long, cold shower to stop her hormones from jumping out of her body.

After her shower, Paige dressed in a pair of white cotton shorts and a matching tank top. She sat on the sofa and willed her eyes not to look across the street at Brian’s house. Maybe she shouldn’t go to the park with him. Maybe she should go back to avoiding him. But what would that accomplish? A lot more sleepless nights, she surmised.

Paige swallowed her reservations and walked out the front door. She could at least pretend to do some yard work and maybe Brian would come outside and bless her with another kiss or at least give her another memory. At least she might see Mickey outside playing. She thought he was a sweet little boy and just like his father, adorable. He had an innocence about him that reminded her of her students in Nashville. Paige loved children and longed to have one of her own. But the way she pushed men away, it probably wouldn’t happen. She plopped down on the porch, closing her eyes as the morning sun beat down on her.

“Paige, are you okay?” She opened her eyes and saw Brian standing over her.

“I’m fine. Just working on my tan,” she said with a smile.

“Mickey said you looked like you had passed out. Actually, he thought you were dead.”


Paige looked past Brian and saw Mickey zooming by on his bicycle. She smiled brighter. “Robocop in training, huh?”


“Just trying to raise him right.”


“That must be pretty hard to do alone.”


He sighed thoughtfully. “Especially on a day like today. He misses his mom.”


“Where is she?” Paige asked timidly.

“Atlanta, finding herself,” Brian snorted. “Our marriage had been over for awhile, but I was willing to stick it out for our son. I guess she wanted more and the only way she saw to do it was to divorce me and abandon her son. I guess saying she abandoned him isn’t fair, though. She calls, sends him gifts but nothing can make up for the time he’s missing with her.”

Paige shook her head.

Brian closed his eyes. “I don’t need to lay all of this on you,” he said. “And I hope I don’t sound too pitiful.”

“Brian, if you need to talk, I’ll listen.”


He smirked. “All right, Oprah.”


“Ha.” She playfully slapped him on the shoulder. “We did attend the same college, though.”


A blue sedan slowly crept down the street. Paige looked at the driver. Their eyes locked and the woman stopped the car.


“Brian,” the driver said.


He looked up and smiled at the woman. “Whose car did you steal?”


“This is my new car,” she replied.


“Pull in across the street.”


The woman did. Paige furrowed her brows. I guess Brian isn’t a lonely single father after all. Men are such jerks. I should have known Brian wasn’t any different, she thought as she stood up. Paige couldn’t help looking at the other woman as she got out of the car. She was beautiful, like a model with her long legs, jet-black hair and smooth skin. Obviously Mickey knew her because he jumped off his bike, ran over to her and hugged her tightly. So, I guess he’s a player and he brings all of his women around his son. To think I was ready to hop into bed with him. Paige started for the front door, muttering a string of curse words about Brian and her stupidity for thinking he was any different from any other man she had ever dealt with.

“Paige,” Brian called out. “Come here.”

She started to roll her eyes or flip him off. What did he want—a ménage a trois? But a calming voice in the back of her head told her to see what he wanted. She headed across the street with a fake smile plastered on her face. “What’s up?” she asked.

“I want to introduce you to my sister, Gabrielle,” he said.

The woman extended her hand to Paige.

As Paige shook hands with Gabrielle, she started to see the family resemblance. She was glad she’d thought before saying anything. I was about to make a big fool of myself.

“Hi,” Paige said.

“So, you put that smile back on my brother’s face,” Gabrielle said. “I like you already.”

Paige couldn’t say anything. She was shocked that Gabrielle was so brash. She was nothing like her brother.

“Are you going to the jazz concert in the park today with my brother?”

“Gabrielle,” Brian snapped.

She shrugged her shoulders as if to say, what? “I know you guys aren’t taking my nephew to this boring concert. Why don’t I take Mickey with me?”

“That’s real smooth,” Brian said through clenched teeth.

Gabrielle smiled brightly then called her nephew over to them. “Mickey, do you want to go to a boring jazz concert or do you want to hang out with me?” Gabrielle asked him when he rolled into the yard.

“I want to go with you,” he said excitedly. “Can I go with Auntie, Daddy?”

Brian sighed and nodded. Gabrielle took Mickey by the hand and they disappeared inside.

“She’s funny,” Paige said.

Brian shrugged his shoulder. “She’s something. But that’s my little sister.”

“I’m supposed to believe you didn’t set this up.”

“Of course not. If I wanted to be alone with you, I would just come outside with a handful of cookies.”

Paige pushed him in the chest and pretended to be offended. “You don’t need cookies to get next to me.”

Brian leaned in and kissed Paige on the forehead, making her shiver. “I’ll come get you at five,” he said.

“You know where I live.”

Neither one of them made an effort to move. She wanted another kiss, a deep kiss like they’d shared on this same porch last night. His hesitancy told her that it wasn’t going to happen.

“Um, okay, I’ll see you later,” Paige said as she headed across the street. She looked over her shoulder and saw Brian was watching her walk away. She waved at him, wishing he had followed her. It was as if his kiss had given her a taste of his essence. She needed more. No man had ever touched her so deeply and so quickly. Paige would never say it out loud, but she was falling hard for Brian Jackson. But would he open up to her?

She knew his divorce was new and maybe the only thing he was looking for was something with no strings attached—unless it was a G- string. Paige wondered what she was getting into, if she was going to end getting hurt. Once inside, she plopped down on the sofa, her mind clouded with thoughts of Brian’s kiss.





Brian looked at his sister as she packed a bag for Mickey. “I could choke you right now,” he said.

“Brian, you obviously like her. Mickey likes her too because he has been talking about her since we walked into the house. I’m just playing Cupid.”

Brian looked down the hall to make sure his son was still in the bathroom.

Gabrielle continued. “I just hope that she isn’t like that ex-wife of yours. At least she seems to have a personality.”

Mickey burst into the room. “Can we go now? I want some ice cream!” he said excitedly.

Brian reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet. He handed his sister a twenty. “Please buy my son a nutritious dinner,” he said.

“Sounds like pizza to me,” she said as she squeezed Mickey’s cheek.


“Get out,” Brian said.


Gabrielle shook her head. “Not yet. What are you wearing to the park?”


Brian looked down at his faded blue jeans and white tee shirt.

“What’s wrong with what I’m wearing?”


Gabrielle turned to Mickey and handed him his black and white Mickey Mouse overnight bag. “Babe, will you wait for me in the living room, please?”

“Yes, ma’am,” he said as he bounded down the hall.

Gabrielle grabbed Brian’s hand and pulled him into his bedroom. “Lesson one,” she said as she opened the closet door. “Women like to be impressed. Jeans and a tee shirt are fine, but not for a first date. And you’re ugly, so you have to work a little harder to get a good woman.”

Brian thumped Gabrielle on the arm. “If I’m ugly, I look like you,” he said.

“Sit down, grasshopper,” Gabrielle said. “Now, lesson two—don’t be lame.”

“Paige and I have had conversations before,” he said.

Gabrielle pulled out a pair of tan slacks and held them in front of her face. Turning to Brian, she smiled. “And just what have you and Paige talked about?” She dropped the pants on the bed.

“Noneya.”


“What?”


“None of your business. Now get out of my room, I know how to dress.”


Gabrielle ignored him and continued her search for a shirt to go with his pants. “How about this,” she said as she pulled out a white Polo shirt. “Maybe you should wear shorts. It’s hot today.”

Walking over to his sister, Brian grabbed her by the arm, then ushered her out of his room. “Feed my child and mind your business.” A few moments later, he heard the front door close and headed for the shower to prepare for his date.

At five, Brian was knocking on Paige’s door. His breath was taken away when she opened the door and walked out. He nearly dropped the picnic basket in his hand.

The camel-colored sundress she wore hugged her body like a second skin and her breasts seemed to scream for his touch. He looked at her and smiled. “I feel underdressed,” he said as he pulled at his shirt.

“You look fine. Maybe I should change.”


“Don’t you dare,” he said. “You look great.”


“Thank you.”


He held his arm out to her. “Let’s go,” he said. He led her to his F-150.


“Of course you drive a truck. This totally looks better than the patrol car,” she said as she slid into the passenger seat.

Her lips, her chocolate-colored skin and curly hair mesmerized Brian. Her words didn’t register with him.

“Brian.”


“What?”


“Are you all right?”


“I was just taken aback by your beauty and that’s not a line.” He got behind the wheel and started the truck.

Paige turned away from him, trying to hide her smile.

Brian reached over and touched her wooly hair. It felt as soft as new cotton. “Your hair is beautiful. Everything about you just knocks me out.”

Paige faced him. “You’re too much,” she said, stroking his hand. “And normally, I punch people who touch my hair without permission.”

Brian smiled. “Duly noted.”

After driving a short distance, he pulled into the parking lot of the park. As they got out of the truck, he grabbed the basket that sat between them. Paige pointed to a spot underneath a tree near the stage. “Can we sit there?”

“Great minds think alike, I was eying that as well.” They crossed over to the tree and Brian unfurled a blanket so they could sit down. Then he pulled out two juice boxes, handing one to Paige. “I thought Mickey was coming with us, so I packed these and forgot to switch them.”

Paige took the yellow box and smiled warmly. “You’re really good with him.”

“I have to be. I don’t want this divorce to affect him later in life. I want things to be as normal as they can be, even though that’s hard without his mother around,” Brian said wistfully.

Paige gently stroked Brian’s shoulder. Her soothing touch calmed and comforted him. He turned to her and smiled. “I don’t want to bring you down with my problems.”

“I’m a good listener,” she murmured.


“So, is that an invitation for me to lay my burdens down on you?”

She shrugged. “My couch is open to you anytime.”


“You’re going to regret saying that. I might be on your sofa every day.”


“You can’t have that many problems,” she said.

Brian smiled pensively, thinking that Paige had no clue as to how deep his problems ran. He hadn’t had a good night’s sleep in months. Every time he closed his eyes, he wondered when Mickey would scream for his mother again. Though Brian tried not to think of Olivia, she popped into his mind without a moment’s notice.

Paige touched his shoulder. “Are you all right?”

He turned to Paige, hoping to lose himself in her eyes. “I’m fine,” Brian whispered. The smooth sounds of the Sandhills Jazz Band began to fill the air, giving him a valid reason to close his eyes. He was sure Paige thought he was lost in the music, but actually he was remembering the days that he and Olivia had spent in this same park, watching Mickey play on the swings while they exchanged kisses. Brian opened his eyes, half expecting to see his ex-wife in front of him, but it was Paige’s beautiful eyes that stared at him.

“Paige, I’m sorry, I can’t do this.”


“Do what?”

“As much as I want to be here with you, I’m not ready to start dating again.”


Paige’s sculptured eyebrow shot up. “Brian, you asked me to come here. It’s just a concert. I’m not trying to be your wife.”


“You’re a beautiful woman and I don’t want to cheat you. I don’t want to weigh you down with all my baggage.”


She rolled her eyes and stood up. “You make it seem as if I’m pressuring you for something and that’s not the case, Brian Jackson. So take your baggage and stick it up your ass.”

She ran off from the spot where Brian stood, leaving him filled with regret. Why was he pushing her away when he wanted her in his life?





Cursing herself for wearing her stylish stiletto sandals, Paige began to walk the mile and a half to her house from the park. Soon her feet were throbbing and she could feel a blister forming on the side of her left foot. As she stopped on the sidewalk to massage her aching feet, a truck pulled along beside her. Paige didn’t have to look to know it was Brian.

“Paige, get in and let me drive you home.”

“No. There’s not enough room in the truck for me and your baggage.”

Brian stopped his truck in the middle of the road and hopped out. Paige started walking again, ignoring the pain in her feet.

“Stop and let me explain.”

She turned around and focused her angry stare on him. “I’ve heard enough from you,” she snapped. “You’re not ready. And I’m tired of your mixed signals. At night you want to steal kisses but you’re not ready to date when the sun comes up. You want what you want when you want it and to hell with anyone else. You’re selfish.”

He sighed as she walked away. “I don’t want to be hurt again,” he blurted out. “When Olivia walked away from me, it hurt. I’m not totally over it and what it’s done to my son, but I do want you in my life.”

She stopped in her tracks, whirled around and looked at Brian, her eyes narrowed into tiny gold slits. “What? So I’m supposed to hold a place for your wife? And if she decides to come back, what then?”

“I don’t know what the future holds. I just—” Brian stopped talking and grabbed Paige. She struggled not to fall into his embrace. His big, strong hands felt as if they were made to hold her. Paige rolled her eyes as he stroked her shoulders.

“Paige, I’m sorry if I hurt you.”

“Me, hurt by you? That would imply that I care.” She pushed him in the chest. “Just leave me the hell alone and go lick your wounds about your ex-wife.”

“Is that what you want?” Brian asked.

“That’s what you want.” Paige poked him in the chest. Then she began to walk away. She was definitely going to Nashville for the rest of the sum- mer. She was a fool to try and get involved with Brian. She knew he was fresh off a divorce, but she’d thought he wanted her too. Now he was saying that he wasn’t ready. Did he think she was going to be his bed warmer until his wife came back? Paige was hardly second string and if Brian Jackson thought she was going to sit on the bench, he was wrong. She looked up and saw his truck beside her.

“Don’t do this,” he said. “Get in the truck and let me drive you home.”

“Brian, get it together. If you want to feel sorry for yourself, then do it.” Paige turned off the sidewalk and headed through a grassy field that led to the neighborhood.

When she reached her house, she rushed inside and snatched up the phone. She dialed Patrick’s number.

“Yeah?” he said when he answered.


“Is that how I taught you to answer the phone?”


“Paige? Is that you? After all of these months you finally decided to call somebody. How are you?”


“Missing a real city. Don’t you want me to spend the summer with you?”


“Not really, but I guess I will.”


Paige sighed. “I’m not really in the mood for jokes. I just need to get away from Elmore.”


“Oh Lord, who did you piss off now?”


“Why do I have to be the one who pissed someone off? Maybe someone pissed me off.”


“What happened? And start from the beginning.” “

Pat, nothing happened. I just miss you,” she said.


“You lie like the dirt underneath the rug. What happened, Paige?”

She groaned. “For the last time, nothing happened. Nothing worth talking about, anyway. Patrick, it’s summer and I want to come to Nashville and hang out. There’s nothing to do here.”

“And his name is?”

Paige rolled her eyes, disgusted at how transparent she was. “Remember my neighbor?”

“What did you do?”

“Shut up and let me tell the story.” Paige recounted her history with Brian and the blow up they’d had at the park.

“Paige, that man just went through a divorce. You can’t expect him to just jump into a relationship with you. Give him time. It seems like he cares for you. And you know that you’re hard on the opposite sex sometimes.”

“He shouldn’t be giving me mixed signals if he’s still pining for his ex. And he shouldn’t have kissed me.”

“Paige, quit whining, okay? If you like him, you’re going to have to hop off that high horse and consider his feelings. Unlike you, he has a son to consider. If his wife left him, then the last thing he’s going to do is put himself in a position where that might happen again. Let’s face it, Paige, you’re not the most stable tree in the forest.”

“You know what?” Paige snapped.

Patrick cut her off before she could continue. “I know you owe him an apology. From what you described, Paige, you behaved like a spoiled brat. This man opened up to you and basically you spit in his face.”

“I didn’t—”

Patrick cleared his throat, signaling that he wasn’t finished. “Dinner, flowers, and a lot of ass kissing is what you owe him.”

She plopped down on the sofa and stared out the front window. “You’re right, but when he kissed me I just felt so, I don’t know—alive. Brian Jackson moved me.”

“Well, stop acting like the Paige that I know and show that man some compassion. Look at the time, I have to go. I have a date.”

“Who is she?” Paige asked. The dial tone sounded in her ear. Paige took a deep breath and watched as Brian climbed out of his truck. Show him some compassion, echoed in her head. Paige opened the door and walked outside. It was now or never.





CHAPTER EIGHT


Brian forced himself not to look over his shoulder when he heard the front door across the street open and close. “Brian,” he heard her call out.

Slowly, he turned around, putting on his best poker face. His heart was beating in overdrive, though. But he wouldn’t let Paige know it. His black eyes were emotionless as they peered into her golden ones. “What is it?” he asked calmly.

“I’m sorry.”

Brian continued walking toward the front porch. “Did you hear me?” she asked, her voice going up an octave.

“Paige, I don’t need what you bring to my life right now. If you can’t understand what I’m going through, then maybe you need to stay over there and I’ll stay over here.”

Paige nodded. “I deserve that. I was wrong for acting the way I did. I shouldn’t have left the park like that because you were just being honest.” She took a step toward him. Brian looked at her, still showing his poker face.

Paige continued. “I can’t say that I understand what you’re going though, because I’ve never loved and lost someone.”

Brian closed his eyes. She’d never been in love? He wasn’t really shocked. He doubted that Paige would let a man see her real self and her flashes of rage were enough to scare any sane man away. Why am I standing here, then? he thought.

“Just stop,” he said. “You know what I’m dealing with and my son is the most important thing in my life.”

Paige nodded. “Will you just let me make things right between us?”

Brian smirked. A thousand ideas danced through his mind as to how Paige could make things right. Quite a few of them involved her getting naked, putting her lips against his and pressing her hips into his. But Brian didn’t want an immediate physical relationship with Paige. He wanted to know her, find out who the real Paige Grayson was and why she drove so fast all the time. What he knew for sure was that she wasn’t the kind of woman that you casually romanced and occasionally had sex with. “And how are you going to do that, Miss Grayson?”

“I have my ways. It’s still early. How does a steak dinner sound?”

“I’ll pass. Mickey will be back soon and I need to spend some time with him.”

Paige nodded. “I understand.”

Brian smiled, and then looked at her. “If you toss in a few hamburgers with that steak dinner, maybe we can renegotiate,” he said.

“Consider it done,” she said. “And Brian, I’m really sorry that I acted like such a jackass at the park.”

Brian waved goodbye to Paige as she walked across the street. He couldn’t understand his attraction to Paige. Her temper was a fire he didn’t want to get burned by. She drove him crazy, but something about her stirred his insides and made him want to wrap his arms around her and never let go. She was nothing like Olivia, who hid her feelings or calmly talked about things. Paige wore her feelings on her sleeve and in her golden eyes. Her face was a road map to her heart. He knew what he said to her had hurt, but he had to be honest with her. The very last thing he wanted was to lead Paige on when he didn’t know if he was ready to be involved in another relationship. Brian sat in the living room, wondering if he should let Paige into his life.

Who am I fooling? She’s already in my life, he thought.

Paige placed the raw steaks in a bed of seasoned salt, black pepper, garlic and onion powder. She set the pan in the refrigerator, then grabbed a package of ground beef and began forming patties with fast food precision. She sprinkled a little salt and pepper on the patties, then wrapped them up in plastic wrap and put them in the pan with the steaks. Next, Paige pulled a can of baked beans from the cabinet, opened it and poured the beans in a pot and turned the stove on low. After cutting up a small onion, she dropped it in with the beans. As she sprinkled red pepper and salt in the pot, there was a knock at the door. Paige wiped her hands on a dishtowel before answering it. To her surprise, Brian’s sister Gabrielle was standing there.

“Hi,” Paige said.

“I’m sorry to barge over here like this. May I come in for a minute?”

“Sure,” Paige replied with a little trepidation in her voice.

Gabrielle walked in, flinging her hair back. She turned around and looked at Paige. “I know you’re wondering why I’m here.”

Paige smiled and nodded. “I’m a little curious.”

Gabrielle sat down on the sofa as if she had been invited. “Look, my brother likes you and I want him to be happy.”

“Gabrielle, I just met Brian and we’re getting to know each other.”

Gabrielle smiled. “There’s something you should know about Brian. He just doesn’t let people into his life. He sees something special about you. And so do I. I just don’t want you to hurt him. If you do, I’ll come after you.”

“Is that a threat?”

Gabrielle stood up. “Consider it a friendly warning. Paige, I’m not trying to be ugly. It’s just that after Olivia left him and Mickey, Brian was crushed. If I could have gotten my hands on her...let’s just say I don’t want to see my brother like that ever again.”

“You and Brian must be really close,” Paige said.

Gabrielle had a far-off look in her eyes. “When my dad died, Brian took up the slack, even though he’s only a few years older than me. He’s loved one woman his entire life and she broke his heart and that little boy’s heart. All Mickey talked about today was his mother. He hasn’t seen her since she left. What kind of mother is that? I watched their marriage sink into the toilet and it wasn’t pretty.”

Paige shuddered as Gabrielle’s words sank in. “Gabrielle, you love Brian and I know you want to protect him and Mickey, but we’re just friends. I’m not going to hurt him and you’re not going to have to come after me.”

“I hope not,” she said. “Besides, I see you in Brian’s life for a long time. Mickey likes you too.”

Paige smiled. “He’s a precious little boy.”


Gabrielle nodded. “And I don’t want him hurt behind all of this.”

The last thing Paige would ever do was cause Mickey any more pain. “You know what?” Paige said. “I’m cooking dinner for Mickey and Brian tonight. Why don’t you join us?”

“No, but thanks for the invite. I have to work this evening. You guys have a good time.” Gabrielle opened the door. “And remember what I said. Brian, despite all of his macho bravado, is fragile.”

Paige found that hard to believe. Brian and fragile didn’t seem to belong in the same sentence. She waved to Gabrielle as she flounced out of the house.

When she was gone, Paige dashed into the kitchen to check on her beans, which were about two seconds away from being overcooked. She quickly moved the pot from the burner, poured the beans in a serving bowl and garnished them with a sprig of parsley, just as she’d seen on the Food Network.

Next, Paige pulled the ingredients for a salad out of the refrigerator. She shredded the lettuce, cut tomatoes, onions, and cucumbers, and then tossed them in a salad bowl. She sprinkled a little pepper and herbs over the salad, covered the bowl with plastic wrap and then slid it in the vegetable crisper.

Just as she was about to place the steaks in the oven, there was another knock at the door. Paige furrowed her brows as she walked to the door. “What is this, Grand Central Station?” she muttered as she walked to the door and pulled the curtain back. She didn’t see anyone, so she opened the door and looked down. Mickey was standing there with tear tracks staining his face.

“What’s wrong?” she asked, pulling him into her warm embrace.

“I can’t find my daddy,” he said in between sniffles. “He’s gone, just like Mommy.”

Paige gently stroked the nape of Mickey’s neck. “I’m sure Brian just didn’t hear you. Come inside with me so I can turn the stove off and then we’ll find your daddy.”

Mickey nodded and cried silently. Paige shut the oven off and turned to him. Brian didn’t seem like the irresponsible father that would leave his son alone in the house.

Where is that man? she thought as she and Mickey headed out the door.





Brian banged his wrench on the water heater, hoping he wouldn’t wake his napping son. This was the third time in a week that the piece of junk had conked out on him. Brian knew he was going to have to break down and buy a new one. He stepped out of the storage room and walked over to his truck to get a bigger wrench from his toolbox. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Paige and Mickey walking across the street. Running over to them, he could see Mickey had been crying. “What happened?”

Mickey ran into his father’s arms. “Where did you go, Daddy?” Mickey asked.

Brian looked down at his terrified son. “I was in the storage room. I thought you were sleeping.”

Mickey shook his head. “I couldn’t find you.”

Brian looked at Paige. “He came over and he was really upset.”

“Thank you,” Brian replied, his voice a near whisper.

He hoisted Mickey into his arms. “Champ, I’m never going to leave you. You were sleeping and I had to check on the water heater.”

“But Mommy left.”

Brian looked deep into his son’s teary eyes. “We’re always going to be together, champ.” He hugged Mickey tightly.

Paige touched Brian’s shoulder. “If you need to be with your son tonight, I understand.”

Brian nodded. “Paige, thank you so much.”


“Miss Paige,” Mickey called out. “Will you stay too?”


She smiled warmly and mussed Mickey’s wooly hair. “I think you and your dad need some alone time.”


“Nah, Miss Paige, if the boy wants you to stay, then stay. And I want my steak medium well.”


Paige smirked and clicked her tongue against her teeth. “All right. I’ll be right back.”


Brian smiled as he watched Paige’s retreating figure. “Hey, little man, want to help me fix this water heater?”

Mickey nodded and they bounded to the storage room. A few moments later, Mickey and Brian emerged from the storage room, dusty and hungry. As if she could read their stomachs, Paige was heading across the street with their dinner. Brian rushed to open the door for her when he saw her struggling with the pan and bowls. He took the bowl of beans from her hands as she walked up the steps.

“Smells good,” he said. “Thank you.”

Brian smiled as he held the door open for her. “You could have cooked over here, y’know.”

“Well, I still need to stick the steaks in the oven before we can actually eat. But I have burgers, beans and salad ready to go.”

Brian ushered Paige into his ultra modern kitchen. He’d had the kitchen remodeled for Olivia because she complained about the old gas stove, the lack of a dishwasher and the small refrigerator. He’d replaced everything with state of the art stainless steel. Paige ran her hand admiringly across the smooth marble counter top. “Who are you, Bobby Flay?”

“I did this for my wife. She said the old kitchen was outdated.”

Paige chewed on her bottom lip as she arranged her dinner on the counter. Mickey dashed into the kitchen, peering at the food Paige had prepared.

“Mickey, go wash up for dinner,” Brian said.

“Yes, sir,” the little boy replied as he walked out of the kitchen, leaving Paige and Brian alone. She looked at him then down at the half broiled steaks.

“What’s wrong?” he asked, taking note of Paige’s silence. “Nothing.”


Brian grunted knowingly. “I know I said my wife, but Olivia and I are divorced.”


“Yes, but will you ever get her out of your heart? Brian, I like you, but I don’t want you to see me as a rebound fling.”


How could Brian tell her that he was falling for her and that it shook him to his core? In a perfect world, he would be able to love Paige with everything in him. He saw how good she was with Mickey. His little boy was already growing attached to her. But how long would a woman like Paige stay in a place like Elmore before she started feeling trapped and run away?

“Brian?”


“Huh?”


“What was that look?”


“Paige, let’s just take this for what it is. You’re a beautiful woman and I’m extremely attracted to you. But I know this town isn’t going to hold you here. I can’t let you blow in and out of my life.”

“You think you know me, Brian Jackson?”


“It’s not that. I just don’t want to be hurt again,” he said.


Paige rubbed her forehead. “So, this is you striking first, then?”

Brian walked over to her and looked her deep into her golden eyes. “This is me being honest, that’s all.”


Paige rolled her eyes, walked over to the stove and slid the pan of steaks into the oven. “This is you being afraid, Brian.” Sighing, she thought about what his sister said. Fragile.

Brian leaned against the counter and watched Paige. “I’m not afraid,” he said. The lie burned in his mouth. He was terrified that another woman had gotten close enough to him to burrow into his heart. He couldn’t bear another failed chance at love. Obviously he couldn’t sustain love; Olivia had left. What would stop Paige from doing the same thing?

Paige stepped up to him and focused her golden gaze on him. “Prove it.”


“How? By taking you in my arms and making slow love to you? It won’t change anything. Paige. If we go there, it would only be temporary.”

“Is that what you want? Just a temporary love affair? A summer fling? I gave those up in college,” she snapped.

Brian grabbed her around the waist. “There’s nothing holding you here. You’re telling me that if a better opportunity came along that you would still stay?”

She bit her bottom lip as Brian’s mouth came close to hers. She looked up at him. “Brian, I finish everything that I start.”

“Meaning what?”

She licked her lips, sending shivers down his spine. “Take it any way you want.”

Brian leaned in to kiss her rose petal soft lips. Paige parted her lips slightly, allowing his tongue to enter her mouth, search each crevice, and take control of her.

“Ooh,” Mickey exclaimed when he spotted Brian and Paige embracing. They quickly parted.

“I’d better warm the beans,” she said.

Brian walked over to Mickey and squeezed him on the cheek. “You didn’t see that.”

Mickey giggled with delight, a sound Brian hadn’t heard since Olivia left. Mickey hugged his father tightly. “May I go watch TV?” he asked.

“Go ahead but don’t sit too close to the set.”

Brian turned his attention to Paige, who had made herself at home in the kitchen. She found the pots, flatware and dishes without his help. Watching her stirring the beans, he felt as if she belonged there.

Paige turned around, catching him staring at her. “What? Did I use the wrong pot or something?”

“So sarcastic,” he said.

“That’s my cross to bear in life,” she replied as she held out a spoonful of beans for Brian to taste. She slid the spoon in his mouth, watching his reaction as he savored the spicy beans.

“I never would have guessed you could cook. This is awesome.”

Paige smiled. “There’s a lot about me you don’t know.”


He didn’t doubt that one bit. Paige was more than he’d thought she was when they first met. Now he knew she was a woman he could fall in love with. That fact intrigued and frightened him at the same time. The last woman that found a place in his heart had left him. His son had hardly gotten a moment’s peace since his mother walked out on them and he didn’t want Mickey to grow attached to Paige and then have her leave them high and dry. Brian looked away from her so his eyes wouldn’t betray his heart.

“So,” Brian began. “What else do you have over there cooking?”

“A little of this, a little of that. Let’s just say you won’t be disappointed.” Paige sauntered over to the freezer. “Do you have any fries? Mickey might want some to go with his burger.”

Brian nodded and pointed Paige in the right direction. She pulled out a bag of curly fries and headed back to the stove. Brian showed her where the vegetable oil was before she asked. They stood side by side at the stove, stealing glances at each other like teenagers playing house.

Mickey bounded into the kitchen. “When are we going to eat?” he asked, pouting his lips slightly. “I’m hungry.”

“Just as soon as the fries are crispy,” Paige said as she squeezed Mickey’s round cheek.

“Dinner will be ready in a few minutes,” Brian said.

Mickey dashed out of the kitchen as Paige began setting the table. Brian couldn’t remember the last time he’d had a home cooked meal. Watching her maneuver around the kitchen reminded him of another thing he missed about having a wife.

Earlier in their marriage, Olivia and Brian had cooked together all the time. That was why she’d complained about the old cramped kitchen. Before Mickey was born, they’d burned many meals because they ended up making love on the counter.

Seeing this side of Paige warmed his heart and shocked him at the same time. He couldn’t take his eyes off her. If ever there was a domestic goddess, it was Paige.

“All right,” she said as she clasped her hands together. “Dinner’s ready.”

“I’m going to get Mickey,” Brian said as he headed down the hall.

A few minutes later, the Jackson men and Paige were sitting at the table getting ready to dig into their meals. Mickey devoured his hamburger, fries, and beans. Paige smiled proudly when he asked for seconds.

“This is good,” Brian said as he finished his steak. “I never would have taken you for the cooking type.”

“I should be offended,” she scoffed.

“No, no, it’s just that I had you pegged as the leader of the Georgia Woman’s Liberation Movement. I could hear you giving a speech about burning bras and how pots and pans are your shackles.”

Paige rolled her eyes. “I actually like to cook.”

Brian threw his hands up in mock surrender. “I stand corrected,” he said with a grin.

“Can you cook for us every day?” Mickey asked innocently.


Paige and Brian laughed nervously.


“Now, son,” Brian began. “Miss Paige does have a life. She can’t cook for us every night, but once a week would be nice.”


“Whatever, Robocop. Mickey, you can have dinner with me anytime you would like.”


Brian pretended to pout. “What about me?”

Paige threw her hand up in his face. “Forget about it,” she said jokingly.

After dinner, Brian sat down in the den with Mickey while Paige cleaned up the kitchen. She wouldn’t let Brian help, despite his sincere offer. Mickey looked up at his father. “I like her,” he said in a small voice.

“What?”


“Miss Paige is nice.”


Brian smiled. He totally agreed with his son. But he had broken every rule he set after Olivia left. He’d let Paige into his heart and into Mickey’s life. He couldn’t push her away now if he wanted to.

“All right, all done,” she said as she walked into the den.

“Come sit down,” Brian said as he patted the sofa cushion between himself and Mickey.

Paige plopped down on the sofa as if she was worn out, and Mickey leaned his head against her thigh. Brian smiled, but it was bittersweet. He and Olivia used to sit like that when they finished dinner.

“Somebody’s sleeping,” Paige said, tapping into Brian’s thoughts.

“I’ll put him to bed,” he whispered as he stood and scooped the little boy up in his arms. Paige stood up as well.

“Are you leaving?”

She nodded.

“Wait,” he said. “Don’t go yet.” He waited until she sat down before he walked down the hall to put Mickey in the bed. One thought ran through his mind. What am I getting myself into?





CHAPTER NINE


Paige had secretly hoped Brian would ask her to stay after dinner, but she didn’t want to overstay her welcome. Being there with him and Mickey was almost too damn comfortable. She glanced down the hall and saw Brian coming her way. He smiled as he sat down beside her on the oversized sofa.

“Thank you,” he whispered. His lips grazed her ear, sending a jolt through her nervous system.

Paige turned around and faced him. “You don’t have to thank me. Remember, this was an apology dinner.”

“So it was,” Brian said with a smile. “And your apology has been more than accepted.”

Her heart was beating like a drum and she had to turn away from him. She wanted to press her body against his and make slow love to him. She wanted to feel him deep inside her, touching her private joy and making her scream in delight. Paige turned back to him. “I meant what I said earlier.”

“About?”

“Finishing what I start.” Paige inched closer until their thighs touched. He gently stroked her cheek. It was at that moment that they threw caution to the wind and gave in to passion. Brian captured Paige’s mouth with his, as if he were a pirate taking over new land. Paige melted against him, fueling the burning passion between them. Hungrily, Brian’s tongue dove into Paige’s mouth, meandering around, savoring her sweetness. She fell on top of him, never breaking off the kiss. Brian grabbed her hips as if he were trying to pull her inside him. Paige wanted to stop. Her logical side screamed that this was wrong. That everything was happening too fast. But her desire for Brian was overwhelming. She grabbed his hand and placed it underneath her skirt, he slid his hand inside the satin and lace that hid her treasure. She was hot, wet, and ready for him. His throbbing erection pressed against her thighs as she straddled his body.

“Protection,” she murmured.

Brian was slow to remove his lips from her neck. He pulled back and looked at her. “I don’t have any.”

And why would he? she thought. He had been a married man and the last thing he should have is a box of condoms.

He let Paige go. She felt as if this was a sign that making love to Brian shouldn’t happen. Not now, anyway. Brian stood up and zipped up his shorts. “Wait for just a minute,” he said, and then dashed out of the house.

Paige didn’t know what to think when Brian flew out of the house. Her heart raced and her legs quivered as she relived the scene she and Brian had shared moments ago. Was sleeping with him the right thing to do? Was he really over his ex-wife? Sure, he’d said their marriage hadn’t been a real marriage for years, but they had a child together and she had been his first love.

But Paige wanted him so badly and he wanted her too. Or was she his rebound fling? If they made love tonight, she knew everything was going to change. But she couldn’t calm her raging desire. Brian had awakened something inside her that had been dormant for so long. Whether it was right or wrong, she was going to make love to him and deal with the consequences in the morning.

The front door opened and Paige jumped like a nervous cat burglar. Brian’s eyes locked with hers.

“What are we doing?” he asked.


“Why did you leave?”

Brian pulled a box of condoms from his pocket and dropped them on the table. “Just because I have these, it doesn’t mean we have to use them.”

Lust hung in the air like hovering storm clouds. Paige was ready for Brian’s love to rain on her, but was he ready to leave the past behind and forge a real future with her? Paige stood and exhaled. “I’d better go home,” she said. “I don’t think either of us is ready for this.”

When Brian pulled her into his arms, she could feel his erection against her middle. They were so close together that their hearts began beating in sync. “I hear what you’re saying, but you don’t want to leave,” he said.

He was right, but she still had questions. Brian seemed to read her mind because he said, “Paige, this is all about you. I want you. I need you. And I know you feel the same way.” He slowly snaked his hands underneath her skirt. “But,” he said as he slipped his finger inside her panties, gently tickling her most sensitive spot, “if you want to leave—”

Paige fell against him as he took her to the brink of orgasm with the up and down motion of his finger. Hungrily, she captured his mouth, savoring the taste of his tongue, the soft feel of his lips against her. Paige broke off the kiss and stepped back from him. “I want to be clear on something,” she said as she unzipped her skirt, letting it fall to the floor. “This isn’t a one night stand.”

Brian pulled her into his arms. “And,” she continued. “I’m not trying to be your wife’s replacement.”

Brian covered her mouth with his before she could continue her striptease or make any more declarations. Paige stepped back and slowly removed her bra, exposing her perky breasts. She could read the desire in his eyes and wanted him as much as his eyes said he wanted her. There was no need for any further words. She grabbed Brian’s hand, looping it around her waist. He slid his hand down the curve of her back, and then clutched her buttocks, pulling her against him with such a force that they fell on the sofa. Paige unzipped his shorts and eased back so that she could slide them down his muscular legs.

“Wait, wait,” he said. “We can’t do this out here. If Mickey woke up and found us I wouldn’t know how to explain it to him.”

Paige stood and nodded. Grabbing the box of condoms from the table, Brian rose and scooped her into his arms. She nibbled his neck as her carried her into the bedroom. Placing Paige on the bed, he closed and locked the door. She watched hungrily as he pulled his white tee shirt over his head, revealing his sculptured chest and washboard abs. Brian’s body was more amazing than she’d dreamed it would be. He crossed over to the bed and she ran her hand across his smooth chest as if she were feeling a fine piece of fabric. He crawled into the bed, straddled her body and grabbed her hands, lifting them over her head while, brushing his lips against her neck. Paige’s breasts heaved up and down. Without knowing it, he had stumbled on her erogenous spot. Moans of desire died in the back of her throat. Dropping her hands, Brian reached over and grabbed the box of condoms. He pulled out a golden package, ripped it open and slid it down his throbbing shaft. Paige held her breath as she waited for that blissful moment when he would take her to ecstasy. Brian spread her legs apart, stroking her inner thighs gently. She rubbed her hands up and down the satiny smooth skin of his back. He took one of her breasts into his mouth, tenderly sucking and biting her nipples. As his tongue darted over her breast, Paige shivered with anticipation. She was hot and wet, ready to feel him inside her.

As Brian continued his sensual body kiss, she couldn’t help wondering if they were making love on the same sheets he and his ex-wife had shared intimate moments on. She froze for an instant. But when she felt his lips graze her stomach, desire chased away any thought of him and his ex-wife.

Paige’s breathing was labored as his tongue danced across her thighs and heat radiated off her like a wood burning stove in the middle of winter. Brian sucked and licked her clitoris until her thighs quivered. She pressed her hips deeper into his kiss, clutching the sheets as Brian brought her to the brink of an orgasm. He rolled his tongue across her throbbing bud. A deep growl escaped her throat as he continued his sensual kiss, lashing her with his tongue as if it were a whip. Brian wasn’t finished, though. He reversed the direction of his tongue and headed for her heaving breasts where he suckled her sensitive nipples, nearly causing her to melt into a pool of lust.

“Make love to me,” she moaned, huskily.

Brian pressed into her and she responded by wrapping her legs around his waist and digging her nails into his shoulder. The feel of his skin against hers made her shiver. As he pumped his hips in and out, her body fell into his rhythm. It was as if they were playing a sensual tune. Brian was the thumping baseline and Paige was the treble. Her body quaked as he moved faster and harder. Her legs parted wider so he could dive deeper into her love-starved body.

Paige focused her brilliant eyes on him. This felt too good for it to be wrong. It almost didn’t feel real. But she tightened herself around his cock and did a slow grind that nearly brought him to the brink.

“Oh, Paige.”

He threw his head back in ecstasy and moaned like a wounded animal as he came. Brian collapsed against her breasts and Paige sighed as he held her close.

“What was that for?” he asked.


“Nothing.”


He propped himself up on his elbows. “Didn’t sound like nothing to me.” Brian stared into Paige’s eyes.


“This just feels so right and so wrong.”


Brian furrowed his brows. When Paige looked away, he grabbed her chin, forcing her to look at him.


“This is your wife’s bed,” she said quietly.


Brian shook his head. “This is my bed and I’m sharing it with you. My marriage is over and I’m moving on. There are no ghosts that are going to pop out of the closet.”

“Some people call this rebounding,” Paige replied.

Brian rolled over on his side. “That’s what you think this is? I wouldn’t bring a rebound woman around my son. Paige, as much as I’ve tried to fight it, I want you in my life. You mean far more to me than a fling.”

Paige’s breath was suspended in her chest. Were her ears deceiving her? Brian had said she meant a great deal to him and he wanted her in his life.

“But earlier you said—”

Brian silenced her with a soul-searing kiss. “Forget what I said,” he said once they broke off the kiss. “I couldn’t let you go now if I wanted to.”

Paige smiled. “Neither can I and I’m not going anywhere.”

Brian pulled the sheet off Paige’s body and wrapped his body around hers. She leaned her head against his chest and they drifted off to sleep.

Brian awoke with a jolt. There was a body next to him. He gently stroked her back. Her skin was like silk. Paige, he thought happily. The woman rolled over and it wasn’t Paige. “Miss me?” Olivia whispered. “What the...”

“She’s not me, Brian. And she can never take my place.”

Brian sat straight up in bed. Cold sweat beads ran down his face. Paige placed her hand on his shoulder.

“Are you okay?”


Brian nodded and forced a smile. “Bad dream,” he said.


“I must not have been in it.”


Brian looked at the clock. It was after one A.M. He swung his long legs over the side of the bed.


“Brian?” Paige said as she watched him walk over to the window.

He didn’t respond. Seeing Olivia’s face in his dream had shook him up. But, after what they’d shared, how could he tell Paige he’d dreamed about his ex-wife? Brian crossed the room to the closet and grabbed his robe. Paige got out of the bed and walked over to Brian.

“What’s really going on?” she asked.

“Please don’t try to analyze me,” he whispered.

“Fine. Maybe I should go.”

Brian looked at her and shook his head and tied the sash on his robe tightly. “I’m sorry, it was just a dream. Besides, it’s too late for you to leave. I’m going to check on Mickey.”

He didn’t notice Paige picking up her clothes as he walked down the hall.

Brian glanced at his slumbering son, then walked into the room and kissed his cheek. He imagined he heard footsteps, but he dismissed the thought as he tucked Mickey underneath the sheet. Then he heard the quiet closing of the door. Brian ran to the front door and called out to Paige as she crossed the street but she kept walking. He leapt off the porch and bounded across the street to catch up with her. “Paige, what’s wrong?”

“I don’t know, you tell me. You make love to me, then you jump out of the bed as if I repulse you.”

“Baby, that’s not what’s going on. Don’t leave, not like this.”

“Brian, you can’t keep doing this to me.”


“Doing what?”


“You’re either red hot or ice cold. I’m not going to do this to myself. You were hurt, but I’m not going to let you hurt me.”


Brian grabbed her arm. “Paige, this is all new to me. I’ve been with only one woman before you. I love being with you and I want you—”


“In your bed, but only temporarily, right?”


“Damn it, Paige, I just can’t—forget it.”


She glared at him. Brian watched the angry flames flicker in her eyes.


“If you still have feelings for your wife, just admit it.”


Brian sighed and ran his hand over his face. “Paige, I’m over Olivia. But she is the reason I got out of bed.”


She turned to walk away, but Brian blocked her escape.

“Paige, I had a dream that I was reaching out for you and it was her instead. That’s why I got up. Not because I still love her, but because I wanted it to be you.”

Paige’s angry scowl softened. “Brian,” she murmured.

He pulled her into his arms. “Come back inside. I want to fall asleep with you in my arms,” he said. His lips were dangerously close to her ear. Paige nodded and allowed him to lead her back to his house. Before they headed into the bedroom, Brian checked on his son again. The little boy was still sleeping peacefully. Paige looked at him as he walked over to her. “What’s that look?” he asked.

She smiled. “You’re a good father. Mickey is lucky to have you.”

“I try to do right by him. He needs to know that he can depend on someone.”

“What about me? Should I start depending on you?”

Brian stared deep into her eyes, seeing her vulnerability. He took her into his arms and hugged her reassuringly. He wanted to answer all of her questions. “I care about you,” he whispered.

Paige melted in his arms.





CHAPTER TEN


The sun rose about the same time Paige rolled over and brushed her lips against Brian’s. She wrapped her arms around him and squeezed tightly. This wasn’t a dream. Brian was actually in her arms.

“Um, good morning,” he said.


“Good morning.”


Brian kissed her on the forehead. “I’m going to check on Mick before he runs in here.”


Paige nodded. She wanted Brian to pull her into his arms and make love to her, but the prospect of Mickey catching them in the act sobered her. His devotion to his son was one of the many things she admired about Brian. And last night, he’d said he cared for her. Paige was falling for Brian and it excited her and scared her at the same time. She sat up in the bed and drew her knees to her chest. Brian Jackson was changing her life in ways she had never dreamed of. He didn’t want her to be a replacement for his ex- wife. He wanted her for who she was and she adored that. She got out of the bed, crossed over to the window and watched the sun rise. The lavender and pink sky looked close enough for her to reach out and touch it. Paige had never seen the sky look that way before. She wondered as she covered herself with the sheet from the bed whether it was the color of love.

Brian walked into the room and touched her bare shoulder. “I have a tee shirt you can put on. Mickey’s up and I’m going to cook breakfast.”

“You know, I think I should go. I was planning to run this morning.”

“You don’t have to leave. I just explained to Mickey that we had a sleepover. He’ll be disappointed if you don’t show up for breakfast.”

Paige smiled. “A sleepover?”

He kissed her shoulder. “Well, we didn’t do a lot of sleeping last night, but you get the point.”

Paige turned around and kissed him gently on the lips. “You’re right.” The sheet that loosely covered her body fell to the floor. Brian pulled her against his body, leaning in to kiss her.

“Daddy!” Mickey called out. “Mommy’s here.”

Paige blanched and Brian froze in place. “Mickey, I’ll be right out,” Brian said. Paige walked over to the side of the bed and grabbed her clothes. She could hear Mickey laughing and giggling as a woman gushed about how he’d grown. Brian walked to the bedroom door, then stopped and looked at Paige. “Come on. You’re not going to hide back here like we did something wrong.”

“Did you know she was coming?”

Brian shook his head. Paige, who was now fully dressed, walked over to him. “This is going to be awkward,” she said.

“She’s not going to control my life.”

They walked into the living room. Mickey was sitting on his mother’s lap.

“Olivia, you should have called,” Brian said flatly. She looked up at him, and then shot a contemptuous look at Paige.

“Well, I thought it was time for me to see my son. I didn’t realize that I needed to make an appointment. Who is your little friend?”

“Miss Paige,” Mickey replied. “They had a sleepover.”

Paige looked at the woman. Olivia Jackson was nothing like what Paige had thought she would be. She had an asymmetrical bob haircut and wore what looked to be green contact lenses. Her outfit was trendy, with her skirt skimming the tops of her thighs, and on her feet she wore of four-inch stiletto heel sandals. Paige tried to keep a straight face as she looked at the former Mrs. Jackson. Olivia stood up and gave Paige the once-over.

“I think it is a little inappropriate for you and Brian to flaunt your affair in my son’s face,” Olivia said.

“Kitchen. Now,” Brian said though clinched teeth.


Paige sat down beside Mickey. “What do we have here?”


Mickey held up the toy truck his mother had given him. “Are you going to stay for breakfast?” he asked.


Paige scrunched up her nose. “I think I’d better let you and your dad have breakfast with your mom. Besides, I have to go running.”

Mickey nodded happily. Paige could tell he was excited to see his mother, even though Brian didn’t seem very happy about it. She gave Mickey a tight hug. “I’ll see you later.”


Before Paige could make it out the door, Olivia came storming out of the kitchen. “Mickey, go to your room and pack a bag. We’re going to visit

Grandma.”

“But-but,” he stammered. Olivia gently tugged at the little boy’s arm and ushered him down the hall.


“You’re not doing this,” Brian bellowed. The door to Mickey’s bedroom slammed loudly. Brian leaned against the wall, gently banging his head. “Unbelievable.”

“What’s going on?”

He waved Paige away and headed down the hall. She stood up, unsure of what to do. This was a sensitive situation and the last thing she wanted to do was make it worse.

Brian stopped outside Mickey’s bedroom with a look on his face that reminded Paige of a wounded animal. She knew she couldn’t leave him. Whether he knew it or not, Brian needed someone in his corner and she was going to be that person.





Brian stood in the doorway of Mickey’s room, anger clouding his handsome face as he watched Mickey and Olivia pack a bag to take to his grandmother’s house. Olivia had some nerve to tell him that he was being a bad influence on Mickey.

“Hey, Champ, go see if Miss Paige needs some orange juice. I need to talk to your mother.”

Mickey looked from his mother to his father before dashing out of the room as if he knew a storm was brewing. Olivia whirled around and looked at Brian.

“What?” she asked as she stuffed a pair of shorts into Mickey’s bag.

“You have some gall to come in here and lecture me about how I’m living my life. You walked out, remember?”

“Brian, I know what I did. But do you think I appreciate you having some strange woman in my house around my son? No, I don’t and I’m going to voice my opinion because I am still Mickey’s mother.”

“Have I ever denied that? You’re his mother, but I’m my own man.”

“So, who is she, Brian? A cop? Someone you’ve been having an affair with all along?” Olivia stood up and waved her hands in the air. “It doesn’t even matter. I’m here for my son but I would appreciate it if you would just keep your whores away from him.”

Brian ran his hand over his face. “What is this? You checked out on this marriage way before you walked out on us. So don’t come in here playing the jealous ex-wife.”

She turned her back to him. “Leaving you and my son was the hardest thing I have ever done. But I’m hardly jealous of you, Brian.”

“Then what the hell is your problem?”

Olivia didn’t reply at first, and then angrily whirled around. “You should welcome the time with your new girlfriend. Mickey and I are out of here.”

“One night, Olivia. Bring my son back tomorrow.” Brian slammed out of the room and went into the kitchen where Paige and Mickey were sitting at the table eating toast with orange marmalade. Brian rubbed his hand across Mickey’s head and told him to finish getting ready. Mickey happily dashed down the hall.

“Are you all right?” Paige asked.

Brian grunted, then plopped down in a chair. She walked over to him and began massaging his tense shoulders.

“She just wants a little time with her son. This could be good for all of you,” Paige said.

Brian grabbed her hand. “I know my son needs to see his mother, but I don’t need the stress I think Olivia is going into bring to my life.”

Paige shook her head and continued kneading his shoulders.


“I never knew she—” Paige cut him off by pressing her hand to his mouth as Mickey and

Olivia walked into the kitchen. “We’re leaving. Mickey, tell Daddy bye-bye.” Mickey rushed over to his father and hugged him. Brian squeezed his son tightly. “Mind your mother, okay.”


“Yes, sir,” the little boy replied.


Brian looked at Olivia who was halfway out the door. The way she’d told Mickey to tell his Daddy bye-bye disturbed him. Did Olivia think she was going to take his son away from him after walking out of their lives as casually as she and Mickey walked out the front door? He had given up the job he loved to be a good dad and he wasn’t going to lose his son.

He didn’t feel Paige’s touch anymore, although she continued to massage his shoulders. There was no comfort to be had as long as he thought he might lose his son.





CHAPTER ELEVEN


Paige didn’t know how to help Brian. When she left his house because he needed some time alone, she knew it was only a matter of time before Brian and Olivia got into it about Mickey’s custody. Sitting on the sofa, she flipped absently through the pages of Essence magazine. When Brian asked her to leave, she hadn’t got upset, even though she wanted to be there for him and tell him that everything was going to be all right. What if it wasn’t? Paige stood and looked out the front window. She wondered what was going to happen with her relationship now. What if Brian decided that the best thing for Mickey was for him and Olivia to get back together? Don’t think like that, Paige thought as she walked away from the window. This woman is not going to walk into town and change everything. She left him and he would be a fool to take her back.

Paige decided to take a run, despite the heat. She walked into her bedroom and began changing. The doorbell rang as she put her running shorts on. She walked to the door in just her shorts and her sports bra. She was surprised to see Brian standing there. “Come in,” she said as she opened the door.

“Were you going running?” he asked as he looked at her.


Paige nodded. “Are you okay?” she asked as he sat on the sofa.


“I just wanted to apologize for earlier. I don’t want you to think I’m pushing you away or anything. I just have a feeling about where this thing with Olivia is going.”

“What do you mean?” she asked.

“Olivia is going to want to take Mickey to Atlanta and we’re going to have to work out custody arrangements. I don’t know how I’m supposed to just let my son go.”

And what would Olivia’s reappearance mean for her budding relationship with Brian? Paige wondered. He had already told her that he had been willing to stay with his wife for the sake of his son. What if Olivia had come back to Elmore to reunite her family?

Brian looked at Paige and smiled. “Thank you for being under- standing,” he said. “I want you to know that I’m not going to let Olivia come between us.”

Paige sat down beside him and stroked his cheek. She wanted to tell Brian that she believed him and that Olivia wouldn’t be a problem, but she didn’t know if it were true. “Have you eaten yet?” she asked.

Brian shook his head. Paige stood up and wiped her hands on her shorts.

“Why don’t I cook us something to eat and we can watch a few movies,” she suggested.

“I don’t know if I will be good company today,” he said. “I don’t want you to change your plans for me.”

Paige smiled. “That’s all right, I didn’t want to run anyway. It’s hot out there,” she said as she bounced into the kitchen. Brian followed behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist.

“I’m scared she’s going to take my son,” he whispered in her ear. “Why wouldn’t a court award her custody? Mothers always get custody.”

Paige turned around and pulled Brian against her chest. “She’s not going to do that. Brian, she left him once. I don’t think she’s going to come back and take him now.” Paige stroked Brian’s back as he clung to her. His lips grazed her neck as he looked at her.


“All I know is, whatever I have to do keep my son with me is what

I am going to do,” he said.


Paige’s stomach lurched. And what if that meant taking Olivia back?

A few hours later, Brian and Paige were sitting in her living room eating a quick lunch. They didn’t talk much. Paige was afraid of what he was going to say and what she would say if he started talking about his wife again. Brian draped his arm across her as they watched a re-run of Law & Order.

“You know, these shows are why a lot of people end up in more trouble when they get arrested,” Brian said as the actors played out an arrest scene. “People think we have to give them a lawyer as soon as we arrest them and they can be belligerent without getting a charge of resisting arrest.”

Paige smiled. “I can’t imagine that a serious crime like the one on the show happening here. Murders and rapes just don’t seem like they hap- pen here.”

Brian looked at her. “Don’t be fooled. There is crime here, maybe not to that extent,” he said as he pointed to the screen. Paige leaned her head against his shoulder. The TV show didn’t matter anymore.

“Why did you become a police officer?” she asked.

“Well, it was something that I always wanted to do. Like most little boys, I wanted to do something that would give me a chance to carry a gun. But when I was in high school, my uncle started smoking crack. He was my hero, a football star and a ladies’ man. But one day, before he headed off to college, someone introduced him to the glass pipe. His life went downhill and my family had to watch. Drug dealers ran this town for a long time. Every week there was a drug-related shooting. People lived in fear and some of the police officers were just as corrupt as the criminals. The state stepped in to clean house. After things started to change, I wanted to do something to help my community. I skipped college and went straight to the police academy. Olivia supported me at first. While she was attending school at North Carolina Central University, I was laying the foundation for our lives here. I thought we wanted the same things. Now, ten years later, I see I was wrong.”

Paige stroked his cheek gently. “You really loved her, didn’t you?”

Brian nodded. “A part of me will always love Olivia. She is the mother of my child and she was my first love.”

His words made her shudder. “Do you think that you two might get back together?” she asked.

Brian raised his eyebrow. “Not a chance.”

Are you just saying that because you’re angry? That kind of love just doesn’t go away, she thought before changing the subject. “So, how did the department get back on track?”

“I must have been a high school senior when Chief Whitt came in. He was old school and no one was going to get one over on him. You’ll have to meet him one day,” Brian said. “How did you get into your career?”

“I love children and I wanted to do something to help them. When I was growing up, I had this one teacher that I loved, Mrs. Cramer. See, my mom was a cop and talking to her was like being interrogated some- times. But Mrs. Cramer listened to my fears and dreams and everything. She gave good advice and made me feel like I was the only kid she cared about, but she treated everyone the same way. One year she was promoted to guidance counselor and I was inspired.”

Brian nodded. “What brought you here?” he asked.

She looked away from him, thinking carefully about her response. Did she want to tell Brian that this was a stepping-stone for her on her way to a career with a bigger school system? Or did she want to tell him that this was her last chance to make it without losing her temper as she’d done in Nashville? Paige sighed and turned her golden eyes on him. “This was and is my chance to write a new chapter in my life. You know that I’m not always the easiest person to get along with and while I was in Nashville, I had an issue with a parent that turned into an issue with my principal and left me unemployed.”

Brian raised his eyebrow. “What kind of issue?”

Paige told him the story of the student who had questions about sex. Paige had known that the child was too young to be asking those kinds of questions. At first she’d thought the little girl was being molested. She’d asked Paige what intercourse was, how you knew if you were pregnant and things like that. The first thing Paige told the sixth grader to do was talk to her parents. A few days later the girl returned with the same questions, saying that her parents wouldn’t talk to her about it. Paige knew the statistics on young people and sex. The last thing she wanted was for this student to wind up with sexually transmitted diseases, an unwanted pregnancy or something worse, HIV.

“I handed her the same reproductive health book that was used in the classroom so that she could find some answers. Well, that didn’t sit too well with her closed-minded parents. They came to my office and let’s just say things got out of hand. There was some name calling and I was fired.”

Brian exhaled loudly. “Whoa. I’m not sure if I would have been too happy with you either. Sometimes we parents want to keep our kids away from that kind of stuff for as long as we can.”

Paige rolled her eyes. “So, when Mickey starts asking you about sex, you’re just going to shut him down?”

“No, but as his father it’s my decision about when to have that talk with him.”

Paige nodded. “That’s why I told her to talk to her parents. They wouldn’t explain it to her and she came back to me. What was I supposed to do?”

Brian shrugged his shoulders. “Call her parents in for a conference?”

Paige frowned and folded her arms across her chest. “I’ll keep that in mind,” she said sarcastically.

Brian pulled at her elbow. “Come here,” he said. He pulled her close to him. “You were trying to do the right thing, I know you were. Your heart was in the right place and you have a big one, I’m beginning to see.” He kissed her on the cheek.

“I love kids. Many kids are missing something at home, like attention from their parents and things like that. That’s why they need an adult they can turn to. Someone that doesn’t have an agenda and someone that will listen to what they have to say. My mother worked so much when I was growing up that if I hadn’t had Mrs. Cramer, I would have been a teenaged mother or worse.”

Brian smiled. “It’s a good thing you had her.”

Paige nodded. “And I want to be someone’s ‘Mrs. Cramer.’ I want to make a difference in someone’s life.”

Brian stroked the back of her hand. “I’m sure you will. You have a way with kids. Mickey loves you to death.”

Paige smiled. “And I love him too. He’s sweet. Nothing at all like his father.”

Brian clutched his chest as if he were wounded. “Ouch.”

Paige kissed him on the cheek. “Want some ice cream?” she asked as she stood and picked up their empty plates.

“Sure,” he said.

Paige walked into the kitchen and put the dishes in the dishwasher. “I have your favorite,” she called out.

“Butter pecan?”

“You got it.” Paige walked into the living room with two bowls of ice cream. Brian took the bowls from her hand, set them on the coffee table and pulled her into his lap. When he stroked her cheek, she locked her fingers with his. They didn’t speak. But when she looked into Brian’s eyes, she saw pain. She knew that he was still worried about Mickey and no matter how much ice cream she fixed for him; if he lost his son he would be devastated.

“Feeling any better?”

“A little. Maybe I should get a lawyer,” he said. “But you know what? I don’t want to talk about that right now. Olivia has him for just one night. She is his mother and she has that right.”

Paige looked away from him. What if she wants you back? “We’d better eat this ice cream before it melts.” She picked up a bowl and handed it to Brian.

After eating the ice cream, Paige and Brian decided to take a walk around the block. Paige looked at him as they walked. “How did you and Olivia meet?” she asked, even though she didn’t really want to know the answer to the question.

He cleared his throat. “We grew up together, you could say. We went to high school together. I was a basketball player and she was a cheerleader. We started dating when we were sophomores in high school. I thought she was the only woman I would ever love.”

Paige cringed inwardly as Brian glanced at her. “But I think I might have been wrong,” he said. “Have you ever been in love?”

She shook her head. “I have a knack for alienating men. I’ve been known to fly off the handle occasionally.”

Brian faked a look of shock. “You?”

She squeezed his arm. “Whatever. Anyway, my mother—God rest her soul—taught me to be independent. According to her, love can get in the way of your career. I took that lesson to heart.”

Brian raised his eyebrow. “Your mom sounds tough.”

“She had to be. My dad left when I was three. She was a policewoman and a single mother.”

“I can feel her pain,” Brian said ruefully.

Paige stroked his back and fell silent. They continued to walk. “So,” Brian said. “The guy that moved you in. Was he another one of the men you alienated?”

“No way. Patrick was my roommate and best friend in Nashville. I was thinking about going back to Nashville for my vacation, but staying around here is starting to look better than going to the city.”

Brian smiled knowingly. “I’m glad you’re staying. Maybe I can change your mind about love.”

If anybody can, I know it’s you, Paige thought as they headed up the street to their houses.





After his walk with Paige, Brian went home. The first thing he did was call Olivia’s mother to check on his son. “What do you want?” Olivia asked when she answered the phone.

“How’s my son?”


“He’s fine, why wouldn’t he be?” she snapped.

“I don’t want to argue with you,” Brian said. “I just want to tell my son goodnight.”

“Why haven’t you let my mother see her grandson? I just can’t believe you. You had absolutely no right to keep my mother from seeing Mickey. I thought we were going to handle this a little more maturely. You’re acting like a child.”

“Put Mickey on the phone,” he snapped. The dial tone sounded in his ear.

Brian tossed the phone aside. He stood up, grabbed the keys to his truck and headed to Davina’s house.

When Brian got to his former mother-in-law’s house, he had to stop himself from kicking the door in. He and Davina had never got along and he knew she was encouraging this reckless behavior in Olivia. He could imagine her telling her daughter all kinds of wild stories about him. Anger didn’t begin to describe how he was feeling as he pressed the doorbell. These women are not going to keep my son from me, Brian thought as he leaned on the doorbell.

The door swung open. Davina stood behind the screen door. “Have you lost your mind?” she snapped. Her wide nostrils flared as she looked at her former son-in-law. Her silver hair was pushed back off her face. She focused her cold brown eyes on him.

“Where is my son?” he asked as he reached for the door handle. Davina quickly locked it and sneered at Brian.

“You’re not coming in here,” she snapped. “I haven’t seen my grandson in months and you’re just going waltz in here and take him? I don’t think so.”

“Where is Olivia?” Brian asked.

“Why do you care? She told me that you had some slut in your house this morning. What kind of father are you? These days kids need positive role models and you’re whoring around with some woman. I told Olivia you were having an affair.”

A heated rage surged though his body. Brian wanted to reach through the screen door and shake Davina until her dentures fell out. “There’s no telling what you’ve told Olivia over the years. You’re part of the reason your daughter was miserable but you don’t see that, do you? If you don’t let me in this house to kiss my son goodnight, I’m kicking the door in,” he said in a no nonsense voice.

Davina unlocked the door. Brian walked in and found Mickey sitting in front of the TV watching a movie that he thought was inappropriate. He turned the TV off.

“Hey, champ,” Brian said as he hugged Mickey.

“Daddy! Did you come to take me home?” he asked.

“If you want me to. But don’t you want to spend some time with your mother and your grandmother?”

Mickey shook his head. “Mommy left again.”

Brian looked up at Davina, who was standing in the doorway of the living room. “Where is Olivia?”

She shrugged her shoulders. “And if I knew, I wouldn’t tell you. She doesn’t want you.”

“I’m not having this discussion in front of my son,” he said. Brian turned to Mickey and told him to get his things. When he was out of earshot, Brian turned his fury on Davina.

“You tell your daughter, that sorry excuse for a mother, that the next time she sees Mickey she’s going to need a court order. Now, I’m taking my son home and I would appreciate it if you wouldn’t expose my son to these violent movies.”

Mickey bounced down the hall with his bag and toys. Brian ushered the boy out the door and glared at Davina.

“You’re opening a can of worms, taking the boy like this,” Davina called out as Brian and Mickey headed out the door.

“You tell Olivia her son wanted to spend time with her, not in front of a television screen,” Brian said as he closed the door to his truck.

It didn’t take long for Olivia to show up at the house. Brian had just put Mickey in bed when there was a knock at the door. Brian knew who it was without opening the curtain. “You have some nerve,” Olivia snapped. “I was spending time with my son.”

“You were nowhere to be found,” Brian said. “When I told you that Mickey needed you, that’s what I meant. He needed his mother.”

Olivia placed her hands on her hips and looked at Brian. “Look, why don’t we sit down and talk.” She walked into the house. Brian stepped back from her as if she were holding a gun.

“What is there to talk about?” he asked.

Olivia took a step toward him. “I didn’t just come back for Mickey. I want our family back.”

Brian rubbed his hand across his face. “What? You walked out on us with no explanation and you think you can slink your way back into our lives? What about when you have another mood swing and decide you want to take off again? There’s nothing here for you but your son.”

“I was confused, I thought there was something out there for me, but what I need is right here with you and Mickey. Please, Brian, can’t we try again? Mickey needs both of us.”

“And it took you all of this time and a divorce to figure that out?” he asked with a snort. “We’re doing just fine without you. If you want to have visitation with Mickey, I’m not going to stand in your way, but it will be a cold day in hell before I take you back into my heart.”

“I thought you wanted Mickey to have a two parent home? Do you think that woman is going to take my place? She’s not Mickey’s mother, I am. And what we shared can’t compare to what you think she can offer you.” She reached out to stroke his cheek, but Brian recoiled at her touch.

“The only thing that we need to talk about is our son. There is no us. If you don’t have anything else to say about Mickey, then you need to go back to your mother’s. You can see Mickey tomorrow.” Brian walked over to the door and opened it.

As Olivia walked out the door, she turned and looked at him. “So, this is the way you want it?”

“This is the way you made it,” Brian said before closing the door in her face. He knew at that moment that war had just been declared.





CHAPTER TWELVE


Brian didn’t sleep much after Olivia left, so he was none too happy when he was awakened by a knock on the door at eight A.M. Stalking to the door and snatching the curtain back, he saw Gabrielle standing there smiling with a basket of muffins. Brian opened the door, shaking his head.

“Is the world spinning backwards?” she asked as she walked inside. “You’re sleeping in? And where’s my nephew? I know he isn’t sleeping too.”

“Yeah, he is,” Brian said as he rubbed his face. “We had a long night.”

Gabrielle eyed her brother quizzically. “What’s going on?” she asked as she walked into the kitchen and began to brew coffee to go with their muffins.

Brian sat down at the table and looked up at his sister. “Olivia’s back.”

She banged her hand on the counter and released a string of profanity. “Why?” she snapped. “Why didn’t she just stay underneath the rock she crawled under when she left?”

“I know,” Brian said quietly. “But Mickey needs his mother.”

Gabrielle opened the cabinet and pulled out two mugs. “Whatever. He seems to be doing just fine without that dragon lady. There are no words to describe a woman who would just walk away from her family. Does she think she can just waltz back in here and take over?”

That seems to be her plan, he thought as his sister set a steaming mug of coffee in front of him. Gabrielle put the muffins in a pan and slid them in the oven to warm them. “So, what does that bitch’s return mean for you and Paige?”

Brian pulled at his ear, a habit of his when he was nervous. “Paige and I are just fine,” he said.

“Good, I’ll invite her over for breakfast. I saw her running when I was on the drive over her. She’s good for you,” Gabrielle said as she walked over to the oven and pulled out the muffins. “And my nephew likes her.”

Brian sipped his coffee. “I like her too.” He set his mug down and stood up in search of cream for Gabrielle’s strong coffee. “You know she was here when Olivia showed up.”

Gabrielle almost dropped the pan of muffins. “I bet she was floored—Olivia, that is. She probably thought that you were sitting here pining away for her. I would’ve paid big bucks to see the look on her face.”

“She said she wants our family back.”

“She’s the one who threw it away,” Gabrielle muttered. “I know you’re not supposed to hate people, but I hate her and what she’s done to you and Mickey.”

Brian leaned against the sink and sipped his coffee. He furrowed his eyebrows, wondering why his son hadn’t gotten out of the bed yet. Setting his mug on the counter, he headed to Mickey’s room.

Mickey was awake and lying on his side, clutching his pillow.

“Daddy,” he said weakly when he looked up at him. “I don’t feel too good.”

Brian touched his son’s forehead. The little boy was burning up. He scooped Mickey into his arms and ran down the hall. “Gabrielle, give me my keys.”

She picked the keys up from the edge of the counter and tossed them to Brian. “What’s wrong?” she asked frantically.

“Something’s wrong with Mick. I’m taking him to the hospital,” Brian said as she tossed him the keys. “Stay here in case Olivia comes by.”

Gabrielle folded her arms across her chest and followed Brian to the door. “You’d better hope she doesn’t.”

He didn’t respond to her as he rushed off the porch and into his truck. As he backed out of the driveway, Paige was running up the street. She had to step off the road to avoid being hit by the tail end of the truck. “What’s going on?” she called out to Gabrielle, who was still standing on the porch. She ran over to Gabrielle. “Why is he speeding out of here like that?”

“Mickey’s sick,” Gabrielle said in tense voice. “Brian went into his room and then he rushed out of here.”

Paige clutched her chest. “What hospital are they going to?” she asked frantically. She couldn’t believe the little boy was sick. She wanted to be there for Mickey and Brian.

Gabrielle raised her eyebrow. “Well, Paige, there’s only one hospital here,” she said with a little more attitude than she meant. “I’m sorry. You’re still new here. And Brian wants me to wait here for that thing he used to be married to.”

Paige inhaled sharply. But she should have known that Olivia would come by to check on her son. “I’m going to go to the hospital and check on them,” Paige said. She headed across the street as Gabrielle screamed out directions.

Paige got into her car and headed for Elmore General Hospital. Following the directions Gabrielle had barked to her, she made it there in about three minutes. Spotting Brian’s truck in the emergency room parking lot, she pulled her car into the spot beside it and ran inside. She spotted Brian sitting on an orange vinyl bench holding Mickey.

“Brian,” she said as she walked over to him and sat down beside him. “Is he okay?”

“The doctor hasn’t seen him yet.”

Paige touched Mickey’s forehead. “Wow, he has a fever.” She looked into his eyes. He looked weak and dehydrated. Then she looked at Brian. “Do you want me to get you anything?”

Brian shook his head as he rocked his son back and forth. “We might be here for a while,” he said.

“I don’t care, I’m going to wait with you,” she said as she placed her hand on his shoulder.

The door beside them opened. “Brian Jackson Jr.,” the nurse called out. Brian stood up and took his son to the examination room. Paige leaned back against the wall, trying to get comfortable in the cold lobby. She was beginning to wish she had put on a tee shirt over her sports bra as goose bumps popped up on her arms. The entrance doors to the emergency room slid open and Olivia rushed in. “Where’s my son?” she screamed at the desk nurse. “My son came in here with his father, Brian Jackson. Where are they?” Before the woman could speak, Olivia was berating her. “Are you deaf? Where the hell is my son?”


“Calm down, ma’am, I have to look the information up in the computer. What’s the child’s name?” Olivia rolled her eyes. “Brian Jackson, Jr.”


Paige stood up and walked over to the desk. “They just went back,” she said calmly.


Olivia looked at Paige and huffed. “Why are you here?” she snapped. “I’m Mickey’s mother, not you.”


“I never claimed to be,” Paige said as she turned away from her. Olivia grabbed Paige’s arm tightly.

Paige looked intently at the hand on her arm, wondering who in the hell this woman thought she was.

“Don’t you dare try to use my son to try and worm your way into Brian’s life. I’m Mickey’s mother and you’re just the woman his father is fucking.”

Paige jerked away from Olivia. “Don’t you ever put your hands on me again! You don’t know anything about what Brian and I have.”

“You two have nothing, because I’m back. If I want Brian back, I can get him.”

Paige put her hands on her hips. “Your son’s back there and you’re out here acting like a fool over a man that you left. What you need to concern yourself with is the health of your son. I can take care of Brian,” Paige said.

Olivia narrowed her eyes at Paige. “You’re so naïve. Did Brian tell you who he spent the night with last night?”

Paige folded her arms across her chest as her heart lurched. Was Olivia telling the truth? Brian hadn’t called her last night and Mickey had been with his mother the last time she had talked to him. But if Brian was with her last night, why hadn’t they come to the hospital together? “You’re lying,” Paige said.

“Am I? He wasn’t with you, was he?” Olivia sneered at Paige. “Still believe that you two have something special?”

It took everything in her not to scratch Olivia’s eyes out. She turned her back to Olivia, wishing the woman would just disappear.

“Remember this,” Olivia said to her back. “I was his first love. You’re a rebound chick at the most.”

Paige whirled and slapped Olivia as hard as she could. At that moment, Brian walked into the lobby.

“What in the hell is going on here?” he demanded.


“That woman attacked me. You saw her!” Olivia screeched.


“I-I,” Paige stammered as she looked from Olivia to Brian.

Brian raised his hands to quiet them both. “My son’s sick, an allergic reaction to shellfish. I don’t need the two of you fighting like schoolgirls. Olivia, you know Mickey is allergic to shellfish. Why would you let him eat shrimp?”

“I didn’t. Damn,” she mumbled. “Mom made jambalaya last night and I think there may have been shrimp in it. Mom didn’t know Mickey was going to have dinner with us.”

Brian exhaled loudly. “You’re his mother. Your job is to protect him. Mickey could have died.”

“How is he?” Paige asked. Olivia shot her a nasty look.

Brian turned to Paige. “He’s going to be all right. The doctors want to keep him overnight for observation. They’re going to move him to the pediatric ward once they get his medicine regulated.”

“I want to see him,” Olivia said, stepping between Paige and Brian.

Paige glowered at her, fighting back an angry hiss. This isn’t about her. This isn’t about her.

“When he gets in his room, you can see him,” Brian said. “Right now, I’m going back in there with my son. I trust you two can behave yourselves.”

Brian headed back into the emergency room and Paige took her seat. Olivia stood in the middle of the waiting room. “Why don’t you just leave and let me and my husband—”

“Ex-husband,” Paige corrected.

“That’s only temporary. For the last time, I have something with Brian that you don’t—history. And what do they say about history? It repeats itself.”

Paige stood up. “You have a high opinion of yourself, don’t you? Brian doesn’t want someone who doesn’t know what she wants. You left your family to find yourself, as if you were some kind of teenager. You’re a grown woman with a family and you threw it all away. Do you think Brian’s stupid enough to take that kind of woman back?”

Olivia turned to leave.

“That’s right,” Paige called out. “Run away. From what Brian has told me, that’s what you’re good at doing.”

Like an alley cat, Olivia whirled around and got into Paige’s face. “You don’t know who you’re messing with. If you think you’re going to roll into town and just take my place, you’re mistaken.”

Paige’s nostrils flared as she looked at the woman. “Olivia, the last thing I want is to be you or anything like you. I’m better than that.” She walked outside to calm herself down.

What did Brian ever see in her? she thought as she paced back and forth. She wanted to deck Olivia, partly because she suspected a part of Brian still loved her and partly because she was just a bitch.

After regaining her composure, Paige walked back into the lobby. Olivia was sitting there, and glared at her. A few minutes later, Brian walked into the lobby.

“Mickey is in his room now. You guys want to follow me?” Brian asked. Olivia quickly stood up and grabbed his arm. Brian jerked away from her and reached for Paige’s hand.

“Are you all right?” she asked, ignoring Olivia’s cold stare.

Brian nodded and squeezed Paige’s hand. “Thanks for being here,” he whispered in her ear. She gently kissed him on the cheek.

Mickey lay in the hospital bed, looking small and meek. Olivia rushed to his side and stroked his hand. “I’m so sorry,” she whispered. The little boy’s eyes fluttered open.

“Mommy,” he said weakly. Mickey smiled when he saw Brian and Paige. “Daddy.”

Brian walked over to his son and kneeled down beside him. “Yeah, champ?”

“I’m thirsty. Can I have a soda?” Mickey asked.

Paige walked over to the bed. “What do you want? I’ll get it for you.”

Mickey smiled harder. “A Pepsi.”

Paige looked from him to Olivia. “Can I get either of you anything?” she asked.

“No, thank you, Paige,” Olivia said in a syrupy voice. “As a matter of fact, you can go home.”

“Olivia,” Brian warned. “This is not the time. Paige, I’ll take a Pepsi too.”

Paige left the room in search of soft drinks even though she was a little nervous about leaving Brian and Olivia alone. She didn’t want to admit it, but Olivia got to her. Could Mickey’s illness bring them back together? As she searched for a soda machine, she silently prayed history wouldn’t repeat itself.





Brian sat on the edge of Mickey’s bed, playing with him.


Olivia smiled at them. “I’ve missed this,” she said.


“Not now,” he said, not looking at her.


“When? Brian, I told you that I wanted our family back. I wasn’t joking,” she said.

Mickey looked from his mother to his father. Brian didn’t want this conversation to confuse him. “Hey champ, your mom and I are stepping outside to talk, okay.”

The little boy nodded. Brian motioned for Olivia to walk out of the room. She smiled at Mickey and then walked out behind Brian.

“What’s your game, Olivia?” he asked.

“I’m not running a game,” she said. “Brian, I never stopped loving you. It was just that in ten years, the only thing I had to show for our marriage was my son. I felt trapped by you, my mother, and this town. Being in Atlanta has showed me that I can have a career in fashion and still be a wife and mother. Tarkesha Whitfield took me under her wing and the most important thing I learned from her was that I can have it all. She has a husband and two children.”

Brian folded his arms across his chest. “So, for the last five years of our marriage, you couldn’t tell me that? You made me feel like I was the one who was trapped. Now, all of a sudden, you want to turn back the hands of time and come back home? Sweetheart, our marriage was over for a long time before you filed those divorce papers.”

“Brian, I was selfish. But you weren’t easy to live with. It seemed as if everything came before me, your job, Mickey, and I wanted you to put me first for a change. I went to Atlanta, because I had a chance to get my feet wet in the fashion world. But I missed you and Mickey so much.”

Anger flickered in Brian’s eyes. “Yeah, you missed us so much you came to visit once in six months. Do you think those tired ass gifts you sent Mickey made up for you not being here?”

Olivia rubbed her neck up and down. “I—I...”

Brian threw his hands up. “You walked out on us and I’ll be damned if I let you waltz back into our lives. And if you think I believe this line about you missing us, you’re crazy.”

Olivia threw herself into Brian’s arms. He didn’t want to wrap his arms around her, but his body betrayed him. This was a feeling he remembered, the softness of her skin, and the tightness of her waist.

When her lips grazed his neck, a familiar hardness formed between his legs.

The sound of cans crashing to the floor stopped him from kissing his former wife. Brian looked up and saw Paige staring at him and Olivia. Olivia turned around and smiled smugly at Paige, who looked like a deer trapped in headlights.

“Paige,” he said as he took a step toward her.

She backed away from him, throwing her hands up. “Why don’t I just leave the two of you alone,” she said as she looked from Brian to Olivia.

“Good idea,” Olivia said arrogantly.


“Don’t leave,” Brian said. “Mickey wants to see you.”


Paige picked up the cans she’d dropped and for a moment, Brian thought she was going to throw them at him. Violently, she pushed the cans into his hand.

“Tell Mickey I’ll see him later.” Paige turned and ran down the hall to the exit. Brian wanted to follow her, but he didn’t want to leave Mickey. Slowly, he turned and faced Olivia.

“What?” she asked, widening her doe-like eyes. “I guess she doesn’t understand the bond between a mother and a father.”

“We have no bonds,” Brian said. “Maybe you should go.”

“Fine,” Olivia said. “I’ll come and check on my son later.” Brian shook his head as she walked down the hall. Then he took a deep breath and walked into Mickey’s room. He was glad to see his son had fallen asleep.

Damn, he thought, sitting in the chair next to Mickey’s bed.





CHAPTER THIRTEEN


Paige wanted to kick herself because she’d known Brian and his ex-wife would find their way back to each other. She should’ve known better than to let that man into her heart. As the tears welled up in her eyes, she knew home was the last place she wanted to go. The last thing she needed to see was Brian and Olivia’s reunion. She headed down a one-lane country road and pressed the gas pedal down to the floor. Hot tears fell from her eyes and she drove faster. Brian had lied to her, telling her there was no chance he’d reunite with his ex-wife. But there was no mistaking what she’d seen. A few more seconds and Brian would’ve kissed her. They’d only been alone together for five minutes. Paige had to give Olivia credit for being dead on when she’d called her a place warmer. All of his promises meant nothing now that Olivia had returned. Paige’s speedometer hit 100 as she took a sharp curve. She felt the car fishtail and slowed down to 95. The road was clear and she dropped the top of her car to let the fresh air blow through her afro. She wasn’t going to waste any more tears on Brian. She muttered a list of profane names that she’d love to lob at him, and the nastier the names, the better she felt. As she headed back for town, she slowed down and decided to go home, pack a bag and drive to Nashville. She wasn’t going to watch Brian and his ex-wife rekindle their fairy tale romance. As far as she was concerned, Brian and Olivia could have each other. She was fine before she met him and she would be fine without him.

Her plan was set in stone when she pulled into the driveway. She’d slide down to Patrick’s place, even if it meant driving all night. And when she got to Nashville she’d dress in her tightest, shortest, low cut black dress, hit some clubs downtown and flirt until it hurt.

It still isn’t going change your feelings for Brian, a voice in the back of her head said as she got out of the car. “To hell with Brian,” she mumbled.

She heard the door across the street open. “Paige,” Gabrielle called out. “Paige, Brian’s looking for you.”

“Tell him to keep looking!” she shouted back as she slammed into her house.

When she entered the house, Paige picked up the phone and called Patrick.

“Hello, Paige,” he said.


“I’m coming to Nashville,” she announced.


“Why? I thought you had your hands full with Kelvin.”


“His name is Brian and he’s a piece of sh—.”


“Paige,” Patrick said, cutting her off. “What happened?”


She sighed as she recounted what she’d seen in the hospital. “And don’t tell me that I’m overreacting this time.”


“It doesn’t sound like it. But I don’t want you to drive tonight. Get some sleep and come when you are a little less emotional. The first round of drinks at Lava Lounge is on me,” Patrick said.

“Thanks,” she said. “And I am driving today. You forget, I live across the street from this man and I don’t want to look out my front window and see him and his wife playing with their son. It would just hurt too much.” Tears sprang into her eyes and she blinked rapidly to keep them from falling. “Look, I have to go pack. I’ll call you from the road.”

“Paige, I’m sorry,” Patrick said. “I actually thought this was going to work out for you.”

“So did I,” she said before hanging up the phone.

Paige walked into her bedroom and turned her stereo on as she packed. The smooth sound of Boney James filled the air but the sound of his sax made her think of the slow and sensual love making she and Brian had shared. Snapping the radio off, she began stuffing clothes into her suitcase. “How could I let myself fall for that man?” she muttered. “His divorce was still new and he wanted to have a whole family for his son.”

Zipping her suitcase, she resolved to find another place to live as soon as she returned to South Carolina. Just as quickly she changed her mind. She wasn’t going to give up her quiet neighborhood just to run away from Brian. Damn him.

Paige picked up her overstuffed suitcase and headed outside to her car. As she looked across the street, she saw Brian pulling into the driveway. Then another car pulled in behind him, a black Nissan Maxima with a Georgia license plate. Paige knew that was Olivia. She slammed the trunk of her car and headed for the door. She heard Brian when he called her name, but it didn’t matter. He had made his choice.

“Paige,” he called out again.

She decided that her leaving wasn’t a sign of defeat. She wasn’t some crushed schoolgirl who had lost the star quarterback to the head cheerleader. Grabbing her Ray-Ban sunglasses, she confidently walked outside to face Brian and his wife head-on. No one played with Paige Grayson’s emotions and got away with it. Yes, she was angry and they were going to know about it. Finding Brian standing in her driveway didn’t surprise her because she’d known he’d try to pass off some lame excuse as the truth.

“Paige,” he said. “I know what that looked like back there, but—”

“But what, Brian?” she snapped, cutting him off. A deep scowl darkened her face, causing her eyes to narrow like a cat’s before springing on a mouse. “You don’t know what you want and I’m not going be a part of your funky little triangle.” Paige’s voice was like a hissing cobra. “Why don’t you take your ass back over there to your wife and maybe the two of you can finish what you started last night.”

“What are you talking about?” Brian asked. Confusion clouded his handsome face.

“What am I talking about?” she repeated. “Do I look like a fool to you? You want your wife back, go get her, but leave me the hell alone. I don’t want to see you, I don’t want to hear your voice. I want anything to do with you!”

“Paige, there’s nothing going on with Olivia and me,” he attempted to explain. “What happened in the hos—”

“What happened in the hospital was you got caught. I wasn’t supposed to see your little reunion with Olivia. Well, go kiss her and welcome her back into your life.” Paige’s rage, disappointment and hurt feelings exploded in her voice. “Better yet, just kiss my ass.” She opened the driver’s door, got in and started the car up. Brian stood behind it.

“You’re not leaving until we talk,” he said, placing his hands on the trunk of the car. Paige revved her engine, imagining Olivia standing across the street, laughing her head off.

“Move, or I swear I will roll right over you,” she hissed.

“I understand you’re angry and you have a right to be. But this isn’t the way to handle this,” Brian said, reminding her of the days when she thought of him as Robocop. He was talking down to her and he was the one who was wrong. It wasn’t as if he were chastising her because she was speeding again. She was the one who’d caught him about to kiss a woman he said he was over. A woman who’d walked out on him and left him heartbroken. A woman who he said had no chance of coming back into his life. Paige turned the ignition off, got out of the car and stalked over to Brian.

“You’re right,” she snapped. “This isn’t the way to handle this.” She hauled off and slapped him as hard as she could. “Now I feel so much better.”

Brian grabbed her arm. “Paige, don’t do this. You’re giving Olivia what she wants. I wasn’t with her last night. I don’t know where Olivia was last night. That’s why I went to get my son. That’s why he was with me at my house this morning. I told you that I want you and I’m over her. But she is the mother of my child and she’s going to be a part of Mickey’s life. I know I was wrong, but I’m not going to take this,” he said.

Paige snatched her arm away from him. “So what do you expect me to do? Sit on a fence until you decide what you want?”

Brian shook his head. “Do whatever the hell you have to do. I’m not trying to keep another woman in my life who doesn’t want to be here. But let me ask you this. Have I ever lied to you or given you a reason not to believe in me?”

Paige looked away from him, knowing the answer to that question was no. Brian had always been up front with her. Why would he stop now? He was going to kiss her and I walked in on that. To hell with him, get in this car and leave.

Paige turned to Brian. “Move,” she barked, then got back into the car and started it up. Brian stepped aside and she tore out of the driveway, leaving black tire marks in her wake.





A cold feeling settled in the bottom of Brian’s stomach as he headed across the street to his house. Olivia leaned against the car, looking at him with a smug look on her face.

“Why are you here?”

“I came to get Mickey some clothes and such,” she said casually. “Does it hurt?”

“What?”

“Your jaw. She smacked you kind of hard. Isn’t that against the law or something, assault on a police officer?”

Brian absentmindedly rubbed his cheek. Paige’s blow did sting, but the pain in his heart was much more pronounced. Why didn’t she believe him? What had Olivia said to her? “What did you say to Paige in the hospital?” Brian demanded angrily.

Olivia feigned a look of innocence. “I only told her that I was Mickey’s mother and she could never take my place,” she said.

Brian narrowed his eyes at her. “This not a competition between you and Paige. If you came back here for your son, why are you so worried about my personal life? Didn’t you say you had a life in Atlanta?”

Olivia folded her arms across her chest. “Do you love her? I mean, how can you love some one you barely know? I’ve dated a few guys and learned that I should have never left what I had”

Before Brian could reply, Gabrielle interjected. “Why don’t you stop worrying about my brother and go sit with your son!” She jumped off the edge of the porch and got in Olivia’s face. “What kind of mother thinks toys and phone calls make up for her being there for her son?”

“You don’t know a thing about motherhood or being in love,” Olivia snapped.

Gabrielle put her hands on her petite hips. “Neither do you, because you suck at both, bitch.”

“Look!” Brian said. “I don’t need this right now. Olivia, Mickey shouldn’t be alone at the hospital. Go there and I’ll bring him his overnight bag. Gabrielle, go home.”

As Gabrielle and Olivia exchanged ugly looks, Brian walked into the house and closed the door. He held his throbbing head and released a sigh as he plopped down on the sofa. This was too much to handle.





CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Paige sat beside the pool, her mind as empty as her glass. The Nashville sun had tanned her brown skin over the past three days. Patrick was rarely at the condo because his girlfriend, a Tennessee State University graduate student, kept him busy. She had changed him, Paige noticed. Patrick looked as if he’d dropped thirty pounds and he dressed more stylishly. She wanted to meet this mystery chick and find out what her secret was, but right now she was more content watching sweat roll down her flat belly. She wished it were Brian’s tongue running across her body. Quickly she stood and reproached herself for thinking of him.

Brian isn’t thinking about you. He’s rekindling his romance with Olivia.

Paige walked into the condo and fixed herself another rum and cola. She’d been drinking for three days, but the alcohol didn’t take her mind off Brian. If anything, it made the longing for him worse. She dreamed of him at night, so she stayed up late watching old movies and eating marshmallows and then she would get up and run six miles. By mid-afternoon, Paige would be lounging in her bikini at the community pool, dozing off as the afternoon crept by. Patrick would wake her up before heading out with his girlfriend and then Paige would get up and fix herself a sandwich, return to the pool and drink some more.

As she walked over to her chaise, someone whistled behind her. Paige turned around and smiled at the young man. She hoped he would stay where he was, but he took her smile as an invitation to come over. “How you doing, ma?” the boy asked, revealing a gold tooth and his youth.

“Not too good,” Paige said as she took a sip of her drink.

“Really? What’s wrong?” he asked as he looked up and down her body. “‘Cause you look great.”

Paige sloshed her drink around in her glass. “Well, my man is getting back with his ex-wife. I haven’t had a good night’s sleep in three days and the last thing I want is to talk to some gold tooth playboy coming over here to try and pick me up because he likes the way my ass and breasts look in my bikini.”

He threw up both of his hands as if she were holding a gun ready to shoot him. “Damn, ma, it’s not like you’re all of that.”

Paige rolled her eyes. “I must be some of that, otherwise you wouldn’t have ambled your ass over here.”

The boy walked away as if his pride had been destroyed. Paige rolled her eyes. It was obvious that she was back to her old abrasive self. She plopped down on the chaise, closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep. After what seemed only a few minutes later, Patrick was waking her up. She’d actually been asleep for an hour and the deep tan lines on her shoulders told her that she needed a new type of sunscreen.

“Still living the lush life, I see,” he said as he took her empty glass from her hand.

Paige sat up. The pool seemed to be spinning. “What else do I have to do?”

“Go take a shower, you’re coming out with me and Caron tonight.”

Paige ran her fingers though her hair. “Who is Caron?”


“The woman who is probably going to have my sons.”


Paige stood up and wrapped a towel around her waist. “I don’t want to be a third wheel,” she said as she walked a few steps ahead of Patrick. He grabbed her elbow.

“Paige, I know you’re nursing a broken heart, but life goes on and rum and Coke isn’t going to do anything thing but make you fat.”

She laughed, but it was hollow, like the look in her eyes. “All right, I’ll go,” Paige said. “Besides, the best way to get over an old man is to get underneath a new one.”

Patrick shook his head as he watched his friend walk into the house.

A few hours later, Paige, Caron, and Patrick were sitting at a table at one of Nashville’s newest hot spots. Paige thought Caron was a lovely woman. But the last thing she wanted to see was how much in love these two were. Watching them feed each other and finish one another’s sentences was pure torture.

“So,” Caron said. “Patrick tells me that you guys were roommates.”

Paige nodded as she sipped her water. As a favor to Patrick, she was skipping alcohol. “Patrick is a great man. I wish I could clone him,” she replied.

Caron smiled, causing her dark brown eyes to twinkle. Paige had to admit it. This was the kind of woman she’d seen her friend ending up with: tall, deep brown skin that looked like chocolate milk, and a positive attitude. Basically, the total opposite of herself.

“How did you two meet?” Paige asked. “Some people keep you out the loop when you move away.”

Patrick and Caron looked at each other. “We met in the grocery store,” they said in unison.

Gag me, Paige thought as she forced a smile.

“He ran into my cart and made me drop my eggs. Patrick was so nice. He offered to take me out to breakfast. It was love at first sight.” Paige looked away from them as they shared a quick kiss. She thought about the first time she’d seen Brian. He was the most gorgeous man she had ever seen. She wondered if Caron felt the same electricity that she felt when she saw Brian. Love sucks, she thought. Love? Am I in love with Brian? There’s no way I could’ve fallen in love with that man. Even if he’s caring, gentle and passionate, he’s confused!

“Earth to Paige,” Patrick said, snapping his fingers in front of her face.

“Guys, I’m sorry. I’m just not good company tonight,” she said.

Caron nodded. “Honey, if he can’t see how beautiful you are, you don’t need him.”

Paige furrowed her eyebrows. “What?”

“I know that look,” Caron said. “The blank stare means you’re thinking about him.”

“Am I that transparent?” Paige asked as she picked up her glass of water, wishing it were something stronger.

“Yes, you are,” Patrick said. “And instead of you trying to have a good time here and drinking yourself into a stupor, you should go back to South Carolina and find out if you should be spending your precious time worrying about him.”

Paige rolled her eyes. “Can’t I have a vacation? Who cares about Brian? He and his wife are probably planning their second wedding by now.”

Patrick shook his head as he waved for the waiter. “There’s no talking to you when you’re like this,” he said as the waiter made his way to the table.

Paige smirked. “If you know that, why do you try?”





Brian and Mickey sat on the front porch eating Popsicles. Mickey’s allergic reaction to his grandmother’s cooking had kept him out of commission only for a day and a half. Brian was happy to see his son up and running around, happier than he had been in months. And to Brian’s dismay, it was because he was seeing his mother every day. Olivia was back in their lives and it seemed as if Paige was gone. And in the midst of all of the drama, Brian’s vacation had ended and it was time for him to start traffic duty.

“Daddy,” Mickey said. “Where’s Miss Paige?”


“I don’t know.”


“I miss her. Why hasn’t she come over and cooked dinner again?”

Brian sighed. “I think she’s just really busy.”

“Is Mommy coming back to live with us? She said she wanted too,” Mickey said as he slurped his frozen treat.

“I don’t know what your mother is going to do,” Brian said as he stood up. He looked wistfully across the street. He would give anything to see Paige flying down the street in her Mustang. Why had she listened to Olivia? Brian cared about her and he prayed that wherever she was, she was safe. He turned to Mickey. “All right, champ, I have to go to work, so you’re spending the night with Mommy.”

“Okay,” he said a little dejectedly.

Brian kneeled down and looked at his son. “What’s wrong?”

“Well, Mommy leaves me alone with grandma and she smells like smoke,” Mickey said. “Can I stay with Aunt -?”

Brian frowned. Why was Davina smoking around his son? That woman was incorrigible. And they wonder why I don’t want my son over there. “I tell you what. I’ll call your auntie and we’ll see. Okay?”

Mickey nodded happily. A few moments later, Olivia was pulling into the driveway. “How’s my boy,” she said as she got out of the car.

“Mommy!” Mickey called out as he leapt off the porch and ran into her arms.

“Guess what. I just got a call from my boss in Atlanta. She found a house for us.”

“But we have a house here,” the little boy said in confusion.

Brian walked out on the porch. Olivia looked at him, her eyes cold. He knew why she was giving him the evil eye.

The night that Paige left, Brian had gone back to the hospital where Olivia was sitting with Mickey.

“You can leave now,” he told her.

Olivia stood up and looked at Mickey. “I’ve missed him so much,” she said.

“So much that you left him alone with your mother the other night. So much that you just walked out on him and me six months ago.”

Olivia looked at him. “Brian, I told you I made a mistake,” she said. “I love you, don’t you get that?”

“You love me so much you left me? So when did you decide you wanted me back? On the drive to Elmore from Atlanta or when you saw Paige in my arms?”

Olivia rolled her eyes. “Well, you see how stable that relationship was. How fast did she run out of your life? Brian, if we make love just one more time, you’ll see that we’re meant to be. No one has ever made me feel the way you do.” She walked over to him and stroked his face.

He grabbed her hand. “Don’t touch me. Olivia, we haven’t had that kind of relationship in years. Why should we change that now? I had to put my son first. I gave up my career to be a good father while you went out and pretended to be a fashion designer. What a joke.”

She stepped back from him. “So, nothing has changed, huh? You still think you are the only one that has a career and what I want is a joke?”

Brian laughed. “You’ve been nothing but a house wife. I haven’t seen you draw in years. Now, all of a sudden I’m supposed to believe that you’re a fashion designer. Olivia, you’re a spoiled, selfish, sorry excuse for a mother. You left and not once did you think of the ramifications that your leaving would have on our son. Now, because of your neglect, my son ended up in the hospital. Make love to you? I can’t do that because I loathe you.”

She ran out of the room crying. Brian knew there was going to be hell to pay.





It looks like it’s payback time, he thought as he listened to Olivia talk about a house in Atlanta.

“Olivia, we need to talk,” Brian said.

She nodded her head. “We sure do.”


“Mickey, go inside, I need to talk to your mother.”


He walked inside the house and Olivia slowly crossed over to Brian. “I don’t know what came over me the other day. I shouldn’t have tried to come on to you. But I want to take Mickey to Atlanta with me, since we’re not going to put our family back together. I deserve to have my son with me.”

He closed his eyes. “You deserve? What about what Mickey deserves?”

Olivia put her hands on her hips and looked at him as if he had just sprouted a second head and wings. “Brian, Mickey has two parents. I want to spend time with my son without you hovering around. I’m taking my son to Atlanta for the rest of the summer so that he can see there is more to life than Elmore. I want to spend time with my son without your little girlfriend butting in, but then again, that isn’t going to be a problem anymore.”

Brian glared at her and shook his head. “Mickey isn’t going to Atlanta.”

“How in the hell are you going to stop me from spending time with my son? Brian, this doesn’t have to be ugly.”

“You abandoned him. Don’t you know what that does to a child? Do you know how many nights he woke up crying out for you? I’m protecting my son.”

“Protecting him?” she exclaimed. “I’m his damned mother.”

“If you want to go to Atlanta, hit the highway, but Mickey is staying here!”

Olivia ran to her car. “You want a war? You just got one.” She sped out of the driveway, spinning her tires loudly as she roared down the street. Brian turned around and saw Mickey standing at the door.





CHAPTER FIFTEEN


After a week in Nashville, Paige decided that hiding from Brian and Olivia wasn’t the right move. It went against everything her mother had ever taught her. Vivian would have told her to get in that pony car and go home. Her career wasn’t in Nashville and if she let some man destroy what she was attempting to build, then she was a fool.

Add to that the fact that Caron and Patrick were the most annoying couple she had ever had the misfortune to be around and if she continued drinking, she would need to seek an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. Paige knew it was time to go. She would just move on with her life as Brian had. She was hurt that he hadn’t tried to find her. He hadn’t even called her. I guess he’s just too busy trying to make up for lost time with his wife, she thought bitterly as she loaded her suitcase into the car. She looked at her reflection in the car’s bumper. She didn’t look as if she’d spent a week drinking and eating plates of barbeque and fried chicken. She was tanned, toned and had a fresh dye job and haircut from her favorite stylist. She looked damned good, as if she’d had a restful vacation. Except for her eyes. Their golden light was dim. Her eyes were the windows into the sadness of her soul. But Paige knew how to fix that. She put her Ray-Bans on.

“All right,” Patrick said as he walked outside. “Drive safe and don’t let them see you sweat.”

Paige hugged her friend. “Caron is a good girl, I hope you’re happy.”

“I am and I know you’re going to find happiness too. You’re Paige Grayson, beautiful, intelligent and sexy. You should have them lined up at your door.”

She wanted to tell him the only one she wanted at her door was Brian, but she forced a smile and said a cheerful goodbye that was as fake as the hair weave on a supermodel. The road was calling and Paige was about to answer it. If she was lucky, the highway patrol would be out to lunch as she headed back to South Carolina.

The doorbell woke Brian up. He was dreaming of Paige and part of him expected to see her at the door when he opened it. Instead, there was a sheriff’s deputy standing there. Through his sleep-clouded eyes, he recognized him as Steven Hoister.

“What’s going on?” Brian asked as he rubbed his face. Thoughts rushed through his head. Did something happen to Gabrielle and Mickey? His son was with his sister because he’d had to work a late traffic patrol shift.

“Officer Jackson,” Hoister said as he pulled out a summons. “You’ve been served.”

“What the...”


The deputy shrugged. “You know I’m just doing my job.”


Brian nodded as he ripped the summons open. Olivia, he thought caustically as he read the paper. She was challenging him for custody of Mickey. He spat a vicious curse as he slammed his door. He needed a lawyer because this woman was not going to take the one thing he had left in his life. He remembered her words the last time they’d spoken

“You want a war? You just got one!”

“It’s always about you,” he muttered as he pulled out the phone book to find a family attorney.

Brian couldn’t believe the gall of his ex-wife. He could just hear Davina pushing her to sue him. But everyone, except for him, seemed to forget that Olivia had left. If anything, he should’ve sued her for child support payments. But Brian knew the system was stacked against him. It wasn’t every day a mother left. Judges were used to seeing deadbeat fathers being sued by ex-wives or their child’s mother, not the reverse. If Brian had to worry about anything, it was losing his son because mothers usually got custody of the children in a divorce. Brian wanted sole legal custody of his son. Although Olivia didn’t deserve visitation with Mickey, he knew how much seeing his mother meant to his son, so he would be flexible. However, there was no way his son was going to Atlanta, not while blood flowed through his veins and there was air in his lungs.

Brian didn’t want the whole town to know his situation with Olivia, but in a place like Elmore, as soon as he got a lawyer, everyone would. He picked up the phone and called an attorney named Gerald Johnson. He had run across Johnson in court before and the man was tough. If anyone could help him keep his son, Johnson was his man. Olivia had said this was war and Brian was enlisting his army.

“Gerald Johnson’s office,” a gruff male voice said.


“May I speak with Mr. Johnson, please,” Brian said.


“Speaking,” he said.


“I need your help,” Brian said.


“Help isn’t free and who am I speaking with?” Johnson said.

“Officer Brian Jackson.”


“Jackson. Isn’t it funny how the tables turn? Remember when you tried to put Damien Taylor away for possession of a few marijuana joints?”

“Water under the bridge,” Brian said. “This is more important than an old drug case. I need a pit bull to represent me in court and you’re the only one I know.”

“What are you doing? Suing the police department?” Johnson asked. Brian could hear the excitement in his voice.

“No. My ex-wife’s challenging me for custody of my son and she’s the one who walked out on us.”

“Okay. If you come in about three, we can talk about the case. I’m tired of seeing fathers get screwed in the courts, so I’ll do what I can to help you,” he said.

Brian thanked Johnson and then he hung up the phone. Next he called Gabrielle to let her know not to let Olivia take Mickey.

“Brian, who are you talking to?” Gabrielle asked. “I wouldn’t let that woman take my trash to the dump. She knows better than to come over here.”

“I can’t believe she’s taking me to court when she walked out on us,” Brian said in disgust.

“It’s because you and Mickey didn’t fall apart without her in your life. And speaking of falling apart, have you heard from Paige?”

Brian sighed and opened the refrigerator. He fished out a carton of orange juice. “No, I haven’t. I don’t know what Olivia said to her, but...”

“Brian, didn’t she catch you about to kiss Evilena? She has a right to be angry and you need to make up with her quickly. Mickey has been talking about her and I think he’s rather attached to her. Besides, she’s better for you than Olivia ever was. She has a personality.”

“I’ll talk to you later. I have to cook breakfast,” he said. Brian hung up the phone, but he didn’t have an appetite. He wondered if Paige was going to come back and if she would forgive him.

I have enough drama. I don’t need to drag her into this. Maybe it’s best that she isn’t here.





Sixteen hours after leaving Nashville, Paige pulled on to her street. She’d taken the long way home, stopping to shop, eat and even toss stones on the bank of Lake Lanier.

She’d been trying to avoid seeing Brian and Olivia. So, getting home in the dark of the night made her happy, even if she was bone tired. She glanced across the street anyway. Paige figured Brian and Olivia were probably oblivious to anything outside of Mickey and their bedroom anyway. Her body ached as she got out of the car. She couldn’t wait to get into her own bed and go to sleep. If she was lucky, she would sleep tonight. Paige decided to leave her suitcase in the car until morning since she could barely lift her feet. She closed the car door softly, so that she wouldn’t wake anyone, particularly Brian. Glancing across the street, she saw a shadowy figure on the porch. She’d almost forgotten that Brian was a night owl.

If I ignore him, she thought as she walked to the side door, I can get in the house and just go to bed.

She had only taken two steps before she heard Brian call her name. Her brain told her to keep walking, but her heart said to turn around. So, she listened to her heart. God was he breathtaking. He didn’t have a shirt on and the moonlight bounced off his rippling chest, taking her breath away. They stood in her driveway looking at one another. Neither had the courage to speak first.

Faking bravado, she stuck her chin up and said, “What do you want?”

“I, uh, was wondering when you were coming back,” he said, stammering like a schoolboy afraid to talk to a girl. Paige would’ve laughed if she hadn’t known what a player Brian really was. He probably had Olivia in the house waiting for him. Or maybe she was sleeping off a sexual high. Making love to Brian was like an Olympic event and Paige always welcomed sleep after one of their sessions.

“I’m sure your wife’s inside waiting for you. How would she feel if she knew you were out here talking to me? You can keep your concern.”

“Look,” he said. “Olivia and I are not together. If you had let me explain that to you before you left...”

“Explain the kiss,” Paige snapped. “Explain that.”

“I didn’t kiss her. Yes, we embraced and it was a mistake,” he said. “But our son was sick. We were both upset—”

“And the next mistake is going to be sleeping with her, right? You actually expect me to sit here and wait for the other shoe to drop? Go to hell, Brian.”

“You know what, I don’t need this,” he said, throwing his hands up. “Believe what you want to believe. Good night.”

“Night,” she said as she turned to head inside.

Suddenly Brian grabbed her arm and pulled her against his chest. His lips grazed her ear as he said, “Paige, I missed you and I need you.”

She wanted to melt in his arms because those were the words she had been waiting seven days to hear. Seven long days of longing, yearning and crying. Now he was standing in front of her and it wasn’t a dream. Brian was with her, not Olivia. But for how long?

“You need to make up your mind about who and what you want. Did you tell Olivia sweet little nothings while I was gone?”

Brian let her go. “There’s no getting through to you, is there? Olivia isn’t in my life in that way anymore. Paige, I don’t know why you have this idea that I’m a player who’s trying to have two women. You’re the only one I want.”

Paige exhaled slowly. Can I trust you? She stared longingly into his eyes. “Brian, please just let me be,” she said, although she wanted to scream, make love to me.

He shook his head. “You’re in my system. You’re ingrained in my life and I’m not losing you or my son because of Olivia.”

“Losing your son?” Paige asked, genuinely concerned about Mickey. “Is he all right?”

“She’s challenging me for custody,” he said somberly. “I was served this morning. She’s the one who left me, but I have to show that Mickey is better with me than in Atlanta with her.”

Even though she didn’t want to feel for him, her heart broke as she thought about a judge taking Mickey away from him. Brian would be devastated. Instinctively, she stroked his smooth cheek.

“Is that why you’re out here? Because you’re worried about your son? You shouldn’t be. Any judge will take one look at you and Mickey and see that he belongs with you. You’ve made efforts to include Olivia in his life. I hate that you’re going through this,” she said. Her anger at Brian had been replaced by concern and compassion. She looked down at her feet, suddenly feeling guilty. Brian didn’t have time to worry about their relationship when he was fighting for custody of his son.

“I had no idea you were going through this,” she said.

Brian smiled wistfully. “How could you? After you slapped me, you high-tailed it out of here.”

“I’m sorry about that,” she said bashfully. “I guess I owe you again.”

“And I’m going to collect. I’ll start with a kiss,” he said. Brian quickly captured Paige’s mouth. He darted his tongue across her full bottom lip as if he were reacquainting himself with the taste of her mouth. Paige pressed against his chest and positioned her mouth to let his tongue enter. His kiss had the faint taste of beer and limes, but Paige didn’t care. She’d missed this closeness to him; she’d missed the throbbing hardness that she felt pressed against her thighs. When had she become a Brian addict? His hot hands roamed her body, frazzling her senses like a strike of lightening. Her nerves stood on end as Brian slipped his hands underneath her cotton tee-shirt dress. Her desire pooled in her panties and when Brian pulled the flimsy material covering her crotch aside, Paige thought she was going to faint. Neither of them seemed to remember that they were standing in her driveway. She wrapped her left leg around his waist. Brian grabbed her other leg and lifted her into his arms. Paige broke off the kiss and looked into his eyes.

“I want you,” she whispered huskily.

Brian gripped Paige tighter as he rushed across the street to his house. They never made it to the bedroom. With their bodies tangled together, they fell onto the sofa.

“Where’s Mickey?” Paige asked when their lips parted.


“With his aunt.”


Paige took a deep breath as Brian peeled her dress off. She didn’t have a bra on and her breasts spilled forward. Brian drank them, sucking on her hardened nipples as her body twisted underneath his lips. His fingertips danced against the top of her thighs. Then he pushed her backwards as he spread her legs apart. Paige clawed at his back as he positioned himself between her legs, his manhood touching the outside of her vagina. She shivered as he ran his hand down her long leg. Paige bit her lip as she looked into Brian’s eyes. Was this all she was to him, a quick roll in the hay?

Brian seemed to sense her apprehension. “What’s wrong?” he asked, still stroking her legs.

She loved the way he was making her feel, but it didn’t seem right. “We should stop. I can’t just jump back into bed with you,” she said.

Brian released a low groan before saying, “I understand.” He didn’t release her, though, and Paige didn’t complain.

“I don’t want to be someone you just—”

He put his finger to her lip, staring into her brilliant eyes. “Paige, I care about you and I don’t have to be with you like this to say that either. So, if you think it’s just sex between us, you’re wrong.”

“Then what is between us? It seems like you have unfinished business with Olivia. I mean, you two have been seeing each other, haven’t you?”

“No, we haven’t. And the only business I have with Olivia is my son. When I want a woman in my arms, you’re the one I long for. When I want to feel soft lips, yours are the only ones that I want. And when I consider falling in love again, you’re the one I’m thinking about.”

She melted into his arms, confused and happy at the same time. Paige wanted to be a part of Brian’s life and not just at night when he wanted a warm body in bed next to him. She wanted a place in his heart and if she could trust what he was saying, then she had that spot. But what about Olivia? She looked up at him.

“If you don’t want me to make love to you right now, I can wait,” he said.

But from what Paige could feel, his body was saying something else.

“Just don’t leave me tonight. I want to wake up in the morning with you in my arms.”

She nodded. “I’ll stay,” she whispered. Brian scooped her into his arms and carried her into the bedroom. Paige nestled herself against Brian’s chest and he held her tightly as they drifted off to sleep.





CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Brian woke up with a start. The phone was ringing, there was a loud knock at the door and beside him, and Paige lay naked from the waist up. He stroked her cheek gently, ready to ignore the door and the phone. The knocking grew louder and the phone continued to ring. Brian eased out of the bed and picked up the phone.

“Hello?”

“Brian, it’s Gabrielle. There’s an emergency and I need to bring Mickey over,” she said. “Terrence said something about a fire at the club.”

“All right,” he replied. The knocking continued. “Somebody’s at the door. I have to go.”

He hung up the phone and dashed to the front door. Brian pulled the curtain back and saw Olivia standing there. He opened the door and looked at her.

“What do you want?”

“Are you keeping my son from me?” she asked as she pushed her way inside the house.

Brian ran his hand over his face. “Mickey isn’t here,” he said. “And I think you should leave.”

Olivia folded her arms across her chest. “Where’s my son? And why are you trying to rush me out of here? I guess you and your little girlfriend got back together. Is she in here? Is that why you pushed my son off on a baby-sitter? You know I want to spend time with him.”

Brian had never wanted to hit a woman before, not even when he was a little boy and Gabrielle got on his nerves the way little sisters do at times. But standing there talking to Olivia, he felt the urge to do just that. He balled his hands up into tight fists. This was the first time he’d seen her since she’d served him with the custody papers.

“I’m going to ask you to leave one more time,” Brian said. His voice was calm despite the rage bubbling inside of him like lava. “If I were you, I would go.”

Olivia raised her eyebrow. “She’s here, isn’t she?” She started for the bedroom, but Brian grabbed her arm.

“What I do and who I do it with is none of your business. What is this really about, Olivia? You walked out on me and Mickey, now you act like we’re the most important things in your life. Are you jealous that I’ve moved on and you haven’t?”

Olivia twisted her lips as if tasting rancid milk. “I’ve moved on with my life and I’m not going to stand here and have a pissing contest with you about who’s slept with the most people since our divorce.”

Brian stalked to the front door and snatched it open. “Get out.”

“I told you to keep that woman away from my son and you’re not listening to me. Mickey has one mother and that’s me,” Olivia said as she walked out. Brian slammed the door behind her, then turned around and saw Paige standing in the hallway.

“Are you sure you two are through?” she asked as she walked into the living room, picking up her dress and covering her bare breasts with her arms.

“Paige, I don’t know how much of that you heard, but –”

“I heard enough to know that I’m not going to be your trophy girlfriend to show your ex that you’ve moved on with your life.”

Brian dropped his head in his hand. “I’m not asking you to do that. Paige, I don’t know what else I can say or do to prove to you that I want you in my life and that it has nothing to do with Olivia. What else do you want me to do?”

Paige looked at him, narrowing her eyes, then stomped out of the house.

Women! he thought as he plopped down on the sofa with his head in his hands.





Paige walked across the street to her house and before she could head to the bathroom to take a long hot bath, someone rang her doorbell. She opened the door without looking to see who it was, because she thought it was Brian. To her surprise it was Olivia.

“What in the bloody hell do you want?” Paige snapped.

“Do you want to be the reason why Brian loses custody of his son?”

“Get off my doorstep.” Paige attempted to close the door, but Olivia stuck her foot inside.

“Paige, I don’t know you or what you want from Brian, but let me tell you what I want. I want my family back. I made a huge mistake leaving the way I did. But I’m back now and you’re in my way.”

Paige rolled her eyes at Olivia, thinking that she had a lot of nerve to be here. However, Olivia Jackson was messing with the wrong person.

“I’m in your way? I think you have it twisted, honey. See, your marriage to Brian is over. You walked away, left him with a young child, forcing him to rearrange his life to be a good father. Now, when a good woman walks into his life, you decide that you want to come back. But, Olivia, you’re not his wife anymore and I’m not giving Brian up because you said so. This isn’t some kind of game or business deal. Brian and I have real feelings for each other. You need to concern yourself with your son and let your ex-husband live his life.”

Olivia stood there with her mouth wide open. “Don’t you dare talk to me about my son! Giving him a few Popsicles and hamburgers doesn’t make you a parental authority. I love my son and my son loves me; you’re just the woman his father happens to be sleeping with this week.”

Bubbling with anger, Paige hauled off and slapped her. Olivia slapped her back and the claws were out. Paige lunged at her, pushing her against the door, causing the glass in the window to crack.

Olivia retaliated by pressing her knee into Paige’s stomach, causing her to fall forward. The women tumbled down the five front steps. Olivia tried to scratch Paige’s face, but Paige blocked her when she pushed Olivia’s chin upward. Olivia dug her nails into Paige’s arm.

“Get off me, you bitch!” Paige yelled as she kicked Olivia in the midsection, then stood up and got into a kickboxing stance, as if she was egging her to come and get her. Olivia ran at Paige, but Paige kicked her in the face. She fell down to the ground, moaning in pain. Paige fought the urge to spit in her face. She turned her back to Olivia and headed for the front steps.

Olivia leapt up and jumped on Paige’s back, dragging her down to the ground, pulling her hair with one hand while with the other arm, she attempted to strangle her. Paige felt as if she were seconds away from passing out, when suddenly she could breathe again. Rolling over on her back, she saw Brian holding Olivia.

“What in the hell is going on out here?” Brian demanded, looking from Paige to Olivia. “You two do realize that if Mickey had been home he would have witnessed you two imitating the WWE? What kind of example are you setting?”

Olivia jerked away from Brian. “That woman attacked me,” she exclaimed.

“What are you doing here?” Brian asked Olivia.

“Threatening me!” Paige called out. “But you know what, I’m through with this—with you, your crazy ex-wife, and all of this drama.”

Brian let Olivia go and turned to Paige. “At this point, I would really rather that both of you just left me the hell alone,” Brian said. “Anybody want to press charges? I can run you both downtown.”

Olivia poked her lips out, reminding Paige of a child caught stealing cookies before dinner. “No, Brian,” she said, and then turned to Paige. “I’m sorry about this.”

Paige folded her arms. Did she think she was going to return the apology? Paige’s eyebrow shot up. “Get off my property—both of you,” Paige said coldly before she walked into the house.

Once inside, Paige questioned why she’d stooped to Olivia’s level. Brian probably thinks that I’ve completely lost my mind, she thought as she sat down on the sofa.





Brian looked at Olivia and shook his head. “Why did you go over there and start a fight with her,” he demanded.

Olivia threw her hands up. “So that’s all that you are concerned with? She attacked me.”

“You’re always the victim,” Brian said as he began to walk away.

“This is going to be great in court,” Olivia called out before getting into her car and speeding away.

Brian was beginning to wonder what he’d ever seen in Olivia. Maybe Gabrielle has been right about her all of these years, he thought as he sat on the front steps looking across the street at Paige’s house. Was he making the same mistake twice? Paige had a fiery temper that was actually starting to scare him. Then again, right now Olivia could inspire violence in the most levelheaded person. At that moment Gabrielle pulled into the driveway and Mickey jumped out of the car and ran over to his father.

“Daddy!” Mickey exclaimed as he threw himself into his father’s arms.

Gabrielle looked at her brother. “What’s wrong with you?” she asked, noting the scowl on his face.

“Women,” Brian said as he ushered Mickey into the house.

Gabrielle looked across the street and saw Paige’s car. “So, she came back,” she said with a slight smile. “What’s the problem?”

“Don’t you have some place you need to be?”

Gabrielle placed her hands on her hips. “Look, don’t get all salty with me because the women in your life are causing havoc. I guess she’s still mad because of the little lip lock between you and Olivia.”

Brian shook his head. “I don’t want to talk about it,” he said as he stood up.

Gabrielle looked at her brother. “You know what? You guys are really getting on my nerves. You’re obviously falling in love with the woman and she obviously cares about you. I wish you two would just get it together.”

Brian stood up and kissed his sister on the cheek. “Go take care of your trouble and leave me to worry about this mess.”

Gabrielle shrugged her shoulders and headed back to her car. Brian walked into the house as she drove off.

He picked up the phone and called Chief Whitt. “What’s up, Jackson?”


“I can’t make it in tonight,” he said. “My baby-sitter canceled on me and I don’t trust leaving my son with his mother.”


The chief sighed into the phone. “I hate that you’re going through this. If you need to take the day off, go ahead. My wife Mildred might be able to help you if you get in a bind like this in the future.”

“Thanks, Chief,” he said before hanging up.


Walking into the living room, Brian knew he needed a break from everything going on around him. “Hey champ, let’s do something fun today.”

“Like what?” Mickey asked, turning away from the TV.


“Umm, let’s go to the zoo,” Brian said.


Mickey’s eyes lit up like Christmas trees as he nodded yes. Riverbanks Zoo in Columbia was about two hours away from Elmore. Brian wanted to get far enough away from town so that he wouldn’t have to think about custody hearings, Paige or Olivia.

“All right!” Mickey exclaimed.

Brian ushered his son into his room to pack a “car bag.” Mickey grabbed his crayons and jumbo coloring book.

“Now we just need some snacks and we can go,” Brian said. He and Mickey walked into the kitchen and packed a snack of graham crackers, apple slices, and a small jar of peanut butter.

Once they were packed and ready, they got into Brian’s truck and headed for the zoo. For the first time in a week, Brian was focused just on his son and everything was good—until he realized he had to tell his son about the custody case.

Brian knew Mickey was going to ask ten thousand questions that he wasn’t ready to answer. He had hoped his divorce would leave Mickey unscarred, but the custody case would drag him through the muck.

Brian glanced over at his son, who was happily coloring.

“Hey, champ, you know Mommy and I are divorced. You understand what that means, right?”

Mickey nodded. “It means she doesn’t live with us anymore.”

“Right,” Brian said as he tightened his grip on the steering wheel. “Well, Mommy wants to spend more time with you and in order to do that, we have to see someone called a judge. You know what a judge is, right?”

Mickey stopped coloring. “That’s the man in a black robe who sends bad guys to jail. Is Mommy going to jail?”

Brian laughed nervously. “No one is going to jail. See, there are all kinds of judges. And the judge that we have to see is a family judge and he doesn’t send anyone to jail. He just makes sure that everything is fair. Sometimes adults can’t agree on things like where children spend their summers and holidays. So the judge has to help the adults decide what’s best for the child. That’s what’s going to happen with us.”

“But I want to stay with you,” Mickey said with tears welling up in his eyes. “Mommy leaves me alone at night.”

“What do you mean?”

“When her phone rings, she leaves and I have to stay with Grandma and Grandma’s food makes me sick.”

Brian gripped the steering wheel so tightly that his knuckles turned ashen. “Well, if the judge says that Mommy can spend more time with you, then you would go visit her at her house in Atlanta.”

Mickey smiled. “And you’d come too, right?”

Brian shook his head. “No, son, this would be Mommy’s time with you. It’s called visitation. You would live with me and then in the summer and some holidays, like Thanksgiving and Christmas, you would go with Mommy.”

Mickey furrowed his brows. “But if I’m with Mommy on Christmas, Santa won’t know where to find me. I don’t want to go with Mommy. I want to stay with you and then Mommy can come home and visit both of us.”

Brian sighed. “It doesn’t work like that, champ.”


“Why?”

“I wish I knew,” Brian mumbled. “Look, I don’t want you to be afraid when we go talk to the judge.”

“Okay.”

“And,” Brian continued, “you know your mother and I love you very much.”

“I know,” he said returning to his coloring.

Brian returned his attention to the highway. He wished things would stay this simple. But he knew better.





CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


Two weeks passed before a family court judge was ready to hear Brian’s custody case. He and Gerald Johnson walked into the courtroom looking like two men ready for the battle of a lifetime. Olivia and her Atlanta attorney sat at the table across from them. Brian shot a contemptuous glance her way, which she returned with an icy stare.

“Don’t give her any more ammo,” Gerald whispered in Brian’s ear as they took their seats.

Moments later, court was called to order. The honorable Charles White, an imposing man with silver hair and pale skin, was presiding over the case. He took the bench, peering over his glasses at Brian and Olivia.

“The first thing I always say in these kinds of cases is that this isn’t about who the better parent is or ego. We’re here because a child needs to have his mother and father in his life. With that being said, let’s get this case started.” He pushed his wire-rimmed glasses off the bridge of his nose.

Olivia’s attorney, Malcolm Kittle, stood up. “Your Honor,” he said with a thick southern drawl. “My client has been denied access to her son. She divorced Mr. Jackson and moved to Atlanta. Her intention was to come back and take her son to Atlanta once she got her home ready for him. However, when she returned she was met with resistance from her former husband.” The man paused, wiped his round, oily face and continued.

“Olivia Jackson has always been a good mother. While her husband is no doubt a decent father, she was the one the child spent most of his time with up until six months ago when the couple split. Mr. Jackson is a police officer and due to his work schedule, he can’t provide the boy in question with the time and supervision that he needs. During their marriage, Mr. Jackson worked many overnight stakeouts, went undercover for weeks at a time and if it wasn’t for Mrs. Jackson, the little boy would have been pushed off on babysitter after babysitter. That’s no life for a child, but it’s what he’ll have with his father.”

Brian rolled his eyes in disgust as the man spoke. Olivia made it seem as if all he ever did was work and never took up any time with his son. He had been by Olivia’s side when they tucked Mickey in at night, unless he was working undercover. Regardless, he had been there every morning, even if he was coming in from an all night stakeout. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing.

“My client, Your Honor, is seeking sole custody of her son with limited visitation,” Kittles said.

The words hit Brian like a Mack truck. “What the hell,” he mumbled, then turned to Gerald, who looked dumbfounded. “Do something.” Gerald nodded and stood up. “Your Honor,” he said, then shot a sharp look at Kittles and Olivia. “If I may interrupt my colleague, this hearing was supposed to be for shared custody of Brian Jr. And I would like to take this time to say that Mrs. Jackson abandoned her family in the middle of the night and didn’t leave a forwarding address or telephone number. It was weeks before Brian Jr. heard from—”


“Your Honor,” Kittles interrupted. “I think Mr. Johnson will have time to present his case.”


Judge White banged his gavel. “Did my opening remarks go over your heads? What I have in front of me is a petition for shared custody. What you need to do, Mr. Kittles, is get the appropriate paper work to the court. I don’t know if you all in Atlanta play fast and loose with the rules, but we don’t in Elmore.”

“Well, uh, Your Honor, some circumstances came up that made it necessary for my client to push for full custody,” Kittles stammered.

“Regardless, I don’t have that information. And this ruling is of high importance to Brian Jackson Jr. I want the new information before we proceed. This case will be continued next month. Mr. and Mrs. Jackson, I suggest you take this time to try and form an agreement that you both can stick to. I don’t like the nastiness that I’m feeling in this courtroom.” He shot a glance in Gerald’s direction. “I will not tolerate grandstanding from either side.” Judge White banged his gavel. “Next case.”

Brian leapt out of his seat and stalked over to Olivia like a tiger that had been released from a cage. “Why are you doing this?” he nearly shouted as they walked out of the courtroom.

“Get away from my client,” Kittles said.


“Olivia!” Brian said. “You aren’t taking my son from me.”


She sneered at him. “Watch me,” she snapped before she and her attorney walked out the door. Gerald grabbed Brian’s arm. “Don’t do that again. You don’t need to say anything to her,” he said. “I’ll contact her lawyer and see if we can work something out.”

Brian shook his head and dashed out of the courthouse. He sat in his truck and pounded his fist against the steering wheel. He wanted to take his son and disappear. But he wouldn’t because Mickey deserved to have his mother in his life. The old O’Jays song, Hooks in Me, popped into Brian’s mind. He didn’t know what he had ever seen in Olivia, looking at her now. There didn’t seem to be a trace of the woman he’d fallen in love with in this cold Olivia. Maybe her new haircut had cut her heart out too. She used to be a loving and caring woman who he’d shared his dreams with while watching the stars at the lake. But she was different now.

“Damn you, Olivia! As much as I used to love you, I will fight you for my son!” Brian exclaimed as he started his the engine. He headed to the police department where he had to start his shift.





Paige hadn’t talked to Brian since her fight with Olivia. Embarrassed and certain that he would never speak to her again, she kept herself busy by redecorating her house. She moved her sofa three times, took the paintings off the walls only to hang them up again in the same spot. But today, Paige couldn’t spend another three seconds in her house. She dashed out of the house, hopped into her car. I should’ve stayed in Nashville, she thought as she headed for the bypass.

Paige didn’t care that she was doing ten miles over the speed limit. As she shifted gears to pass a slower driver, she didn’t notice the police cruiser planted on the shoulder of the road looking for speeders. The next thing she knew, blue lights were flashing behind her.

“Damn it,” she muttered as she pulled over. Reaching for her purse, she noticed it wasn’t in the car. Paige looked up and saw the officer was none other than Brian Jackson.

She rolled her window down.


“I warned you,” he said.


“Hello to you too,” she replied.


“License and registration,” he said in a voice that was all business.

“I left my purse at home.”

Brian pulled his aviator sunglasses off and looked at her with a cold stare that chilled her. “I don’t have time to play games with you,” he said.

“And I’m not playing a game. I ran out of the house to clear my head and I guess I left my purse, which contains my driver’s license.”

“Wait here,” Brian said. He walked back to his squad car.

Paige watched him as he walked away. No one wore a police uniform like Brian Jackson. She had to wonder if she’d ruined her chances with him. When he walked back to the car, she was poised to apologize—until she saw the pink slip in his hand.

“What is this?” she asked when he handed it to her.


“A written warning. Next time, Paige, you’ll receive a ticket.”


She raised her eyebrow but kept her attitude in check. “Brian,” she called out as he started to walk away. “Do you think we can talk?”


“Not right now, I’m working.”


“What about later? I have a lot to explain,” she admitted.


“Tonight after work,” he said. “But right now I have to get back to patrol.”

Paige nodded and drove off, this time following the posted speed limit. She had to make things right with him. She returned to her house and retrieved her purse, then headed for the grocery store.

At the farmer’s fresh market, Paige picked up food for a sexy midnight snack—red ripe strawberries, a bunch of red cherries, a large can of whipped cream and milk chocolate dipping sauce. I hope he likes things sweet, she thought as she headed to the register. Despite the risk, Paige was ready to seduce Brian. She wanted him and it was time for her to let him know that she was ready to be a good part of his life, not just another problem.

Paige had never fallen so deeply in love before, not even with her ex- fiancé. She took a twisted pride in the fact that she could run a man away. Just like her mother, she thought her destiny was to be alone. But Brian had gotten to her and made her want to be a part of a couple. She cared about him and his son and she didn’t want to lose him. She wanted to be there for him, support him and his dreams.

Being with Brian was just as comfortable as slipping into a pair of cotton pajamas and sleeping underneath handmade comforter.

But Paige was also a realist. Knowing that he had lingering feelings for Olivia wasn’t something she could ignore. But she couldn’t let Olivia know how easy it was to provoke her, either. Fighting like a high school kid wasn’t cool and she knew better. Now she was going to have to convince Brian of that.





CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


Paige set the scene for seduction in her backyard. A crisp white sheet covered a spot underneath a tall pine tree. Fruit and Chardonnay were chilling in a bucket of ice with crystal goblets on either side sat in the middle of the cloth. She was dressed in a sheer black gown that skimmed the tops of her thighs, with a black lace bra and matching panties peeking through the material. Paige hoped none of her neighbors saw her running around the backyard in her man-bait outfit. She walked over to the fence that divided her yard from her next door neighbor’s and snatched a few petals from the rose bush snaking up the privacy fence, and then sprinkled them on the sheet.

I hope this works, she thought as she ran into the storage room and grabbed a tiki torch. She stuck it in the ground near the sheet then lit it. The orange flame illuminated her watch. It was almost time for Brian to get off from work. Exhaling loudly, she sat down Indian style on the sheet. I hope I’m not making a fool of myself.

Moments later, she heard Brian’s truck pull into his driveway. Paige stood up and then headed across the street. “Brian.”

He turned around and looked at her. She could tell from the look in his eyes that he liked the outfit.

“Wow,” he said. “You look amazing. But, don’t you think you should be inside the house dressed like that?”

“Come with me.” She reminded herself that arguing with him wasn’t her plan for the night. They crossed the street and she led him into the backyard.

“Paige, what is this?” He glanced around the scene she’d created.

“A place for us to talk,” she said, then picked up the bottle of wine and opened it. She poured Brian a glass and handed it to him.

“I don’t know how much talking you think we’re going to do with you dressed like that,” he said as he took a sip of wine.

“Then just listen to me,” Paige said. “I’m not crazy. Fighting with Olivia was wrong and that’s not who I am. But I’m scared. I keep thinking that one day you’re going to wake up and go back to your ex-wife.”

Brian brought his finger to Paige’s lips. “That’s not going to happen.”

She nodded, wanting to believe him. “I know that you have a lot going on right now. You don’t need me bringing more drama into your life, but I want to be here to support you. I know Mickey is the most important thing in your life and if you still want me to be a part of your life too, I promise not to be a problem for you.” She stroked his cheek gently.

“You’re not a problem,” he said as he eased down on the sheet. Brian stroked Paige’s leg and coaxed her into his lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck. “But you can’t let Olivia get to you and you need to have a little more faith in me.”

Paige bent her head downward. Brian lifted her chin and looked into her eyes.

“I know you’re scared,” he said. “But you don’t have to be.”

He leaned into her lips and captured them. Slowly, he kissed Paige, igniting a fire in the pit of her stomach. She could taste the sweet wine on his lips and tongue as he kissed her deeper, pressing her back on the sheet. Brian removed his gun belt, but his Kevlar vest pressed against her chest. Paige pushed him off her.

Brian smiled. “I guess that is a lot to drop on you,” he said. “You know, as romantic as this looks back here, we’re going to have to move this party inside.”

He rose to his feet and then scooped her up into his arms. Carrying her into the house, Brian ran his finger down the length of her leg and she shivered at his touch. He couldn’t get her in the bedroom fast enough. But when he did, Paige could barely contain herself, ripping his shirt open and snatching the Velcro apart on his Kevlar vest. He grabbed her hands. “Wait, darling,” he said. “My gun belt.” He removed the vest and headed outside with his tee shirt and uniform pants on.

While he was outside, Paige lit the cranberry candle on her nightstand and leaned back in the bed, awaiting his return.

He walked into the bedroom, now shirtless, carrying the fruit and wine. “Now I couldn’t leave this outside and let it go bad.” He set the fruit next to the candle, then blew it out and climbed on top of her.

Paige smiled as she looked at his perfect washboard abs and smooth skin. She ran her index finger down the middle of his chest. His skin was like the finest silk. She reached for the button on his pants, but Brian grabbed her hand. “Slow down,” he said, then reached for a ripe strawberry. He rubbed it against her lips, then kissed the traces of the fruit away and slid the berry into her mouth. Paige bit into the succulent fruit, slowly chewing it. Her mouth looked even more delectable.

“Give me some of that,” he said, seizing her lips and devouring the fruit in her mouth. Paige wrapped her long legs around his waist, pressed her body against his, reveling in the feel of Brian’s thick hardness, which pressed against his zipper, ready to explode. Paige’s body was primed to feel him. Her nerves stood on end and desire pooled between her thighs.

Brian reached underneath her dress and touched the outside lace of her panties, then slipped his index finger inside, immersed it in her hot river of desire. Her muscles quivered as he made circles inside her, seeming to write his invisible brand on her, marking her as his. Paige’s breasts heaved up and down as Brian replaced his finger with his tongue. She clasped her legs around his neck as he kissed her throbbing bud. With one hand, he gently squeezed her thigh while with the other he pulled a piece of ice out of the bucket. Brian slipped the ice cube between his lips and dove between her thighs — seeking her sweetness and making her call out his name. Paige shivered as the sensations from the cold ice and Brian’s hot tongue ravaged her body, causing her to thrash about like a fish out of water.

Paige was on fire and she needed him to end this sensual torture by entering her. But Brian had other plans. His tongue crept up her flat stomach, teasing her navel, heading for her taut breasts. Her nipples poked through her thin bra like two dark diamonds. He sucked on her perked nipples as if he were seeking sustenance from her. Grabbing Brian’s shoulders, she groaned lustfully as he turned his kiss to her neck. Unable to control herself, Paige reached down and ripped his zipper down. He kicked out of his pants in one swift motion.

His hard dick bounced out of his boxers and skimmed Paige’s thighs as he slid between her legs. Paige thrust into him, urging him to give her what she wanted. He grabbed her long legs and wrapped them around his waist. When Brian found his way to the center of her sexual energy, she bucked like a wild pony as sensations of pleasure washed over her. He gripped her hips and rhythmically moved against her, touching every sensitive spot inside her. Paige no longer had control of her body; it was under Brian’s silent command. As his mouth found its way to her breasts again, Paige felt as if she was about to explode and then she did. But Brian wasn’t finished. He was only getting started. He eased out of her and guided her to lie on her stomach. Then he gently massaged her smooth back. “How does that feel, baby?” he whispered.

Paige’s only response was a moan. Her body was hypersensitive and her brain was consumed by lust. She couldn’t form a single thought. Brian ran his tongue down her neck and over her spine. He clutched her buttocks and kneaded them as if he were preparing dough for a loaf of bread. Paige’s toes curled at his touch. When she flipped over and looked into his eyes, he stroked her cheek and whispered, “See, baby, we couldn’t have had this kind of party outside.”

She nestled her head against his chest. “Now it’s time for the after party.”

Brian smiled. “Woman, you are insatiable.”





The shrill ringing of a phone woke Brian up. He looked down at the floor and saw his cell phone vibrating. Paige was lying on her side, sleeping soundly, a white sheet half covering her body. Brian nearly forgot about the phone as he looked at the contrast of her caramel skin against the sheet. He ran his finger down the length of her leg before reaching over to pick up the phone.

“Jackson,” he said in a gruff whisper.

“Brian, it’s Gerald. I got the amended claim from Olivia’s lawyer. We go to court tomorrow morning. The judge moved the court date up because Kittles got the new papers to him fast.”

Brian mumbled under his breath. “Fine,” he said.

“Don’t try to contact her,” Gerald warned. “We can win this. She did abandon your family. Your life is a lot more stable than Olivia’s and your son loves you. He’s happy with you and that’s what judges look for in these cases.”

Brian disconnected and swung his legs over the side of the bed. He could hear Paige moving beside him. “Are you all right?” she asked, her voice thick with sleep.

“Yes. That was my lawyer. We have a court date tomorrow morning.”

Paige stood up, still naked. “I’m going with you,” she said as she opened her closet and pulled out an oversized tee shirt. “You don’t have to go through this alone.”

Brian smiled at her. Paige’s devotion warmed his heart. He couldn’t believe she was willing to stand by his side. Olivia was going to fight dirty and he knew it. Paige didn’t have to put herself in the line of fire. “Paige, this isn’t going to be pretty,” he said.

“I don’t care. Mickey needs you in his life and I can’t just sit by and watch you go through hell without me in your corner.”

Brian walked over to her and pulled her into his arms. “You make it seem like you really care about a brother.”

Paige blushed. “You can’t tell? I must not be trying hard enough.”

Brian kissed her gently. “Why don’t we get dressed, pick up Mickey and head to Soul to the Bone for breakfast?”

“As long as you promise not to dump orange juice on me,” she ribbed as she bounced into the bathroom.

Brian followed her into the bathroom, walking in just as she stepped into the shower. Brian studied Paige through the clear shower curtain. Her body was his wonderland. He loved her curves, the way her legs stretched from here to eternity, the way her breasts sat up, as if they were begging for his kiss. And what a wonderful ass—round and taut. Brian pulled the shower curtain back and stepped inside. He took the bar of soap from her hand and brought his lips to her ear.

“Let me take care of this for you.” Brian backed Paige underneath the spray and water sluiced through her hair, ran down her face and across her chest. Brian lathered the soap and stroked her breasts, making small circles around her nipples. Moaning, she threw her head back. Brian leaned in and kissed her collarbone as his hands roamed down the sides of her body.

“If you don’t stop, we’re never going to make it to breakfast.”

Brian grinned. “I could feast on you and be a happy man.”

She ran her finger down the center of his chest. “But man can’t live on my body alone,” she said as she reached back and shut the water off. Brian pulled her against him and kissed her with a blinding passion that she was helpless to resist. He cupped her behind and introduced her to the thick hardness between his legs. Moans of pleasure issued from her throat as he grabbed her leg, clearing a path to her burning mound of desire. When Paige rolled her body across his erection, giving him the green light to come inside, Brian pushed her back against the wall. She gripped his neck for support as they did their sensual dance and buried her face in his shoulder, crying out as he thrust hard, long, and slowly. Brian couldn’t get enough of the hot wetness that surrounded him. He felt as if he were floating in the ocean. They were connected, mind, body and spirit. As he felt his climax coming, Brian brought his lips to Paige’s ear. “I love you.”





CHAPTER NINETEEN


Paige wasn’t sure she heard Brian correctly as she pushed back from him and looked him in the eye. “What?” she asked in a voice barely above a whisper.

“I said I love you.”


“Brian,” she whispered.


“You don’t have to say it if you don’t feel the same.”

Paige was conflicted because she wanted to tell Brian that she loved him too, but fear rendered her silent. If she said out loud that she loved him she was going to put her heart on display and open herself to being hurt. At least that what she thought.

“I don’t know what I feel,” she said as she stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel.

Brian touched her shoulder. “I know my life seems like chaos, but you’re in here,” he said, pointing to his chest. “I didn’t want to fall for you. I tried like hell not to, but the first time I looked into your eyes, I knew I was in trouble.”

The moment she saw Brian, she’d known she wanted him, known he’d be a part of her life. But she hadn’t known she was going to love him. Wait a minute. Was she in love with Brian? Every time she saw him her heart skipped a beat. When he was in pain, she ached for him. And Mickey. That little boy had captured her heart. She’d never thought she would be comfortable dating a man with a child, but precocious little Mickey had burrowed his way into her heart. This had to be love. She was in love with Brian, with his son and with being in love. But she couldn’t tell him that she loved him. She couldn’t say it because she was scared. She wrapped her arms around his waist and Brian stroked her back. Paige pulled back from him and forced a smile. “We’d better get dressed if we’re going to have breakfast.”

He nodded, but she could tell he was a little disappointed that she didn’t say ‘I love you.’ But what if he hurt her? Brian grabbed his uniform from the floor in the bedroom.

“I’m going across the street. I’ll be back in about ten minutes,” he said.

“All right,” she answered.

When Brian left, Paige fell backwards on the bed, moaned and closed her eyes. Love. She was in love and she was loved. Yet she was more afraid than she had been at any other time in her life. How many great loves do people get in life? she wondered. Brian had already had one. What if he didn’t love her as deeply as he once loved Olivia?

Paige sat up. I’m just being stupid. I should just tell the man how I feel. What do I have to lose?





Brian felt like a fool as he dressed in his bedroom. Why had he opened his mouth? Paige wasn’t ready to hear a declaration of love. He’d jumped the gun, given her too much too fast. If she pushed him away, he wouldn’t blame her. But losing Paige would kill him. She was his calm in the middle of the storm that his life had become. Why would anyone want to play a role in this drama? Brian wondered as he pulled a white tank top over his head. He grabbed a pair of khaki shorts and put them on.

After he was dressed, Brian walked back to Paige’s house. When he tapped on the door lightly, Paige opened it as quickly as if she had been standing on the other side waiting for him.

“Before we leave, we should talk,” she said, holding the door wide open. Brian walked in and sat on the edge of the sofa.

“All right.” His stomach felt as if it were coated with ice as he watched Paige wring her hands.

“I’ve never been one to mince words. I always speak my mind, but sometimes, I can’t say things that I need to say,” she said. Then she stopped speaking and looked at him. Brian took her hand into his.

“I love you, but I’m scared, Brian. I’ve never truly been in love before and I don’t know if I’m going to do everything right, but—”

Brian cut her off with a searing kiss that made her swoon in his arms. Paige didn’t know it, but she had started his heart beating again. Brian had just known his feelings weren’t going to be reciprocated. He pulled back from her and looked at her with a smile in his eyes.

“Okay,” she said, still reeling from the kiss. “Maybe I needed to tell you I loved you sooner.”

“I thought I had scared you away this morning. My life is complicated as fuck right now and I wouldn’t blame you if you ran away.”

“Didn’t I tell you that I finish what I start? I’m in love with you and I’m not going let your ex-wife and her antics scare me away.”

Brian smiled. “This isn’t going to be easy.”


“I like a challenge,” she answered, running her tongue across her lips. Brian stood up and pulled Paige into his arms. “We’d better get out of here.”


They hopped into Brian’s truck and headed for Gabrielle’s to pick up Mickey. “I don’t know what I would do without my sister,” Brian said as they pulled into the driveway.

“I used to want a sister,” Paige said. “But we probably would have been too much alike and wouldn’t have gotten along at all.”

“Wow, you hard to get along with?” he sarcastically joked.

“Whatever,” she said.


Brian and Paige hopped out of the truck and walked to the porch hand-in-hand. Gabrielle was standing at the door smiling.


“What is this?” she said.


“Good morning,” Brian kissed her on the cheek. “I came for my son. We’re going to breakfast.”


Gabrielle shook her head. “Why don’t I cook breakfast for us? Mickey’s in the bathtub.”


Brian glanced at Paige. “Is that cool with you?”

She nodded and then turned to Gabrielle. “But you have to let me help.”

Gabrielle looked taken aback. “You cook?”


“Yes. I love to cook.” She and Gabrielle headed for the kitchen. Brian headed down the hall to the bathroom to check on his son.

“Champ,” he said from the door. Mickey was sitting in the tub, shoulder deep in bubbles.

“Hey, Daddy!”

“Are you almost done? Miss Paige and Aunt Gabby are cooking breakfast for us,” Brian said.

“Okay, I’m almost done,” the little boy replied.

“Wash behind your ears,” Brian said as headed out of the bathroom. He walked into the room that Mickey stayed in when he was at Gabrielle’s house, which was their childhood home. He ran his hand across the blue plaid wallpaper. Gabrielle had redone every room in the house, except for this one. His old Barry Sanders poster was still on the wall. Brian smiled as he thought about his stress-free childhood. He hadn’t had any problems while he was growing up and he wanted to make sure Mickey grew up in the same manner. But things weren’t likely to be that way because Olivia was determined to make sure their son was caught in the middle of a custody battle. Brian shook his head sadly. The only thing he could do was make happy memories for his son and hope that they outweighed the bad times.

After Mickey was dressed and Brian had packed his bag, they headed for the kitchen to dine on a breakfast of crispy turkey bacon, fluffy eggs, fresh fruit, chocolate chip pancakes, and buttermilk biscuits.

“Miss Paige,” Mickey exclaimed when he saw her. He hugged her around her legs.

“Hey, sweetheart,” she said as she hugged him back. “I hope you’re hungry. I think Gabrielle and I went a little overboard.”

Brian looked at all of the food on the table. “I think you’re right,” he said as he took a seat.

“Well, it’s better than that anything you would’ve gotten in a restaurant,” Gabrielle said as she set a carafe of orange juice on the table. “Now, let’s eat. Brian, will you bless the table?”

Everyone bowed their heads and closed their eyes.

“Dear God, thank you for the blessings you have granted this family. Bless this food and the hands that prepared it. In Your name, we pray. Amen.”

“And bless mommy too,” Mickey blurted out.

Brian forced a smile. “Yes, bless Mommy too,” he said. “All right, let’s eat.”

After breakfast, Brian and Gabrielle cleaned up the kitchen while Paige helped Mickey make up his bed.

“The more I see you with her, the more I like her,” Gabrielle said as she slipped her hands into the soapy water.

“I’m so glad you approve of my life,” Brian said sarcastically.

Gabrielle flung suds on him. “You know what I’m saying,” she said. “Anyway, she’s genuine and after that last—”

“I told her that I love her,” Brian whispered.

Gabrielle dropped her dish in the water. “You love her? Oh, my God!”

Brian couldn’t help smiling. “I want her in my life for the long haul.”

Gabrielle looked at him. “Are you sure you’re not moving too fast? You just got out of a marriage. And Olivia’s taking you through hell with this custody case. You don’t want to bring a new relationship into this.”

“Let me worry about that,” Brian said. “I know what I’m doing.”

Gabrielle nodded. “I hope Olivia doesn’t throw a wrench into your love affair tomorrow at this custody hearing. But if you love Paige and she loves you, I’m happy.” She leaned over and hugged her brother tightly.





Paige pulled the blanket off the floor and folded it in half. “Do you have all of your toys packed away?” she asked.

Mickey nodded. “Thank you for helping me,” he said.


“You’re welcome,” she said as she pinched his nose. He looked up at her. “Will you be my second mommy?”


Paige’s heart melted like butter. “Well, you have a mommy, but I’ll be your friend. Anytime you want to talk or need someone to eat ice cream with, I’ll be there.”

Mickey smiled brightly. “Does that mean you’re going to come live with us? Then you can cook dinner for us every night and not just sometimes,” he said excitedly.

Paige smiled and stroked his head. “We’ll have to see about that. Come on, let’s watch TV with your aunt and your dad.”

Mickey nodded and bounded down the hall. Brian and Gabrielle were sitting on the sofa and when Mickey jumped in the center between them; Brian turned around and looked at Paige with a smile on his face. She wondered what it would be like if they were her family. She knew she and Gabrielle would probably butt heads every once in a while, but their love for Brian would overrule any bad feelings and Mickey was so precious. She could see herself and Brian at his bedside reading him a bedtime story before he fell asleep. And Brian. Every night with him would be as good as the first night they’d made love.

Stop thinking crazy, Brian isn’t getting married while all of this drama is going on in his life, she thought as she sat down in a plush chair next to the sofa. Just let nature take its course.





CHAPTER TWENTY



Brian tossed and turned the night before the custody hearing, maybe grabbing three tortured hours of sleep. Every time he closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep, the same nightmare woke him up—Judge White awarding full custody to Olivia. Each time he bolted awake in the bed, Paige was right there beside him, stroking his shoulder, kissing him and telling him everything would be all right. Brian felt so bad about keeping her up all night.

As the sun crept across the horizon, the gravity of the day settled on Brian’s heart. Some stranger was going to decide if he was good enough to be a real father to his son. Someone who had never seen him with his son. Someone who didn’t know that Mickey was the most important thing in his life. Brian would do anything he had to do to make sure Judge White knew that he was a good father and that having Mickey in his home was the best thing for both of them. Olivia couldn’t win. Brian wasn’t going to let that happen. No judge in his right mind would give my son to a woman who practically threw him away.

That thought comforted him like a warm blanket on a snowy night. He had been the one to provide a stable home for Mickey. He made sure his son was fed, clothed, educated, and happy. He tucked him in at night and cooked him breakfast every morning. He went to parent-teacher conferences. The only thing that Brian couldn’t give Mickey was his mother.

“Are you all right,” Paige asked.

Brian looked at her, the woman who starred in his dreams most nights. Her golden eyes were filled with concern. Paige had been more of a mother to Mickey of late than Olivia. He smoothed her hair and kissed her forehead.

“I’m fine,” he said with a sigh.

Paige sat up in the bed. “I don’t think you are. Don’t worry, you’re not going to lose him.”

He grabbed her hand. “You know what, I haven’t told you how much I appreciate your presence in our lives,” he said thoughtfully.

Paige blushed and squeezed his hand. “You don’t know how much I appreciate you allowing me to be a part of your life. I have never been so happy. You and Mickey are family to me.”

Her words resonated with him. Was Paige the key to keeping his son? He could provide a family for Mickey, something Olivia couldn’t do. But would he just be using Paige if he asked her to marry him because he wanted to have full custody of his son? Brian felt guilty for having such thoughts. Paige deserved more than a marriage of convenience, even if they did love each other. Mickey burst through the bedroom door. “I’m hungry!” he announced.

Covering herself with Brian’s robe, Paige volunteered to cook breakfast, eliciting a smile from Mickey.

“I want pancakes,” he said.

Walking over to him and squeezing his cheek, Paige said, “You got it, little man.”

Brian drew his son into his arms and kissed the top of his head. “You know I love you,” he said.

“Yes, sir.”

Paige smiled at her men as she headed for the kitchen. When she was out of the room, Mickey looked up at his father.

“I asked her to be my second mommy,” he said proudly.

“You did what?” He laughed nervously. “Mick, you can’t just ask someone to be your mom. You have a mother.”

Mickey nodded solemnly. “But Mommy doesn’t want me. She’s never around.”

“Your mother loves you,” Brian said. “Don’t ever doubt that. She loves you so much; she wants to take you to Atlanta to visit her. That’s why we’re going to court, so that we can work that out.”

Mickey pouted and folded his arms across his chest. “Why doesn’t she just come back home and live with Grandma? Then I can visit her over there. I don’t want to go to Atlanta.”

Brian sighed and wished there was something he could say or do to make Mickey understand the situation. “Remember that a while ago you wanted to go to Atlanta to see Mommy? Why don’t you want to go now?”

The little boy shrugged his shoulders. “Because I would miss you and Miss Paige a whole lot.”

“But we’ll be here when you come back,” Brian said. “I’m never going anywhere.” And neither are you if I can help it. Damn you, Olivia!

“Go wash up, son. Miss Paige will be done with breakfast soon.”

Mickey scurried to the bathroom and Brian headed for the kitchen. Before he got there, there was a knock at the front door.

“Olivia, what are you doing here?”

She walked in as if she had been invited and sat down on the sofa. “I want to talk to you about the hearing. You know, I really don’t want to do this. I was hoping that we could work something out between ourselves.” She was wearing a tight, short skirt and she crossed her legs, showing off her thighs.

Brian turned away from her. He wasn’t tempted anymore. “We both have attorneys. If you wanted to work something out, you should have had yours call mine,” he said, struggling to keep his voice down. “I’m not talking about this here. Mickey is in his room and Paige is in the kitchen. You need to leave.”

Olivia ran her hand down the length of her leg. “Brian, if we go to court, you’ll lose. Right now, we can work this out like civilized adults.”

She stood up and walked over to Brian, who was standing near the door. She tried to slip her arms around him, but Brian pushed her away. “Whatever attraction I had for you when you first came back is gone. I don’t want you touching me or pretending we have some buried feelings for each other. You killed that when you came in here and tried to take my son away. So why don’t you get the hell out?” Brian opened the door to usher Olivia out, just as Paige entered the living room. Olivia scoffed when she saw her.

“I see that you’re just determined to move into my shoes,” Olivia snapped. “Brian, I guess we’ll see each other in court.”

He wanted to shake Olivia. “Do you really want what’s best for our son or do you want me to suffer because I’ve moved on with my life?”

Olivia raised her sculpted eyebrow. “I can see this was a mistake,” she snapped.

“So, Paige, how does it feel?”


“What are you babbling about?” Paige said angrily. Brian put his arm around her shoulder to stop her from leaping at Olivia.


“Just know that you cost Brian his son.”


Before either of them could respond, Mickey burst into the room.

“Mommy! Are you going to stay and have breakfast with us?”


Olivia hugged Mickey. “I don’t think so. But don’t worry, you and I will have plenty of time for breakfast after today.” She shot Brian and Paige a foreboding glance as she walked out the door.


“Well, I’d better get the table set for breakfast,” Paige said through the awkward silence that hung around them. “Good idea,” Brian said.


After breakfast, Gabrielle picked up Mickey so that Brian and Paige could get ready for the hearing.


“What time do you have to be in court?” she asked. “

Eleven.”


“I’d better get dressed,” she said. “

You don’t have to come.”


“I know that. But someone has to watch your back. That woman is on the warpath.”


“Tell me about it,” Brian said. “I can’t believe that she’s the same person I married. I honestly believe that this isn’t just about Mickey.”

“Brian, maybe I should...never mind,” Paige said.


“What?” he asked as he looked deep into her golden eyes. “Maybe you should give Olivia what she wants. I mean, if she’s willing to take Mickey from you because we’re together, then maybe we shouldn’t be.”

Brian sat up and grabbed Paige’s hands. “I’m not losing my son or you because of Olivia. She had all of this; our son, our family and me. She threw it away to go to Atlanta. Why should I suffer because she wanted to act like a teenager finding herself?”

Paige chewed on her bottom lip. “She’s trying to make you and Mickey suffer and it’s all my fault.”

Brian stood up. “Olivia caused this and, damn it, I’m not going to let her cost me two of the best things in my life. I already gave up my career because of her. I don’t want to talk about this anymore. I’ve got to get ready for court.”

Paige fell silent, but Brian knew she was still mulling over the idea that she was the cause of his problems. He wished the day was over and the judge had already ruled in his favor. He daydreamed about Paige cooking dinner for them, about kissing her passionately.

“I’m so happy that things worked out for you,” she said when they broke off the kiss.

“You know what, I wouldn’t have been able to get through all of this craziness without you. Marry me, Paige.”

Her eyes sparkled with surprise as Brian reached into his pocket and pulled out a two and a half karat diamond ring.

“Brian, Brian, Brian,” Paige said. “The sink is about to run over.”

“Whu-What?” Quickly he snapped the faucet off.


“Stop worrying so much, babe.”

“I’m scared as hell, Paige. You never know what a judge will decide. Maybe Olivia’s lawyer talks a little faster than mine.”


She wrapped her arms around his waist and kissed the back of his neck. “If Judge White can’t see the truth, then he’s a fool and needs to be thrown off the bench.”

Nodding, Brian grabbed her hand and kissed it. In a few hours, he would find out if she was right.





CHAPTER TWENTY


As Paige and Brian drove to the courthouse, he looked over at her, thinking of the fantasy he’d conjured earlier. He knew their marriage would be filled with passion. Even with her quick temper, she was the right mix of sugar and spice, nothing like the selfish shrew he’d thought she was upon first impression. Paige was proving to be one of the most selfless women he’d ever known. She’d be his wife someday, but how soon?

An hour later, Paige and Brian were sitting in the courthouse waiting for the judge to call his case. Olivia and her lawyer sat on the other side of the courtroom. Olivia shot icy daggers at them with her cold brown eyes. Gerald Johnson, Brian’s attorney, walked over to Brian and Paige with a confident smile on his face. “Good morning,” he said.

“I hope it will be,” Brian replied.

“It will be. Brian, you’re going to keep custody of your son. I’m willing to bet my fee on it.”

Brian didn’t want to smile or be too optimistic about the case. Murphy’s law was still in effect. Anything that could go wrong probably would. A strange man walked over to Olivia and her attorney. Brian watched as the two of them embraced. “Who’s that?” Gerald asked Brian.

“I haven’t a clue,” he said shrugging his shoulders.


“She hasn’t remarried, has she?”


“What difference would it make if she had?” Brian asked.

Gerald sat down beside him and lowered his voice. “A two parent family looks a lot better to this judge than a single mother or father.” Gerald glanced at Paige. “Any chance that you two will get married any time soon?”

Brian narrowed his eyes at him. “I’m not going to use my relationship in that way,” he said.

Gerald folded his arms across his chest. “Your ex-wife doesn’t seem to have that problem.”

“I’m not her. Besides, she abandoned her son. The judge will have to take that into consideration.”

“Remember what I said before, you know, about betting my fee? Let’s not,” he said as the court clerk called their case.

Paige blew Brian a kiss and he and his lawyer headed for the front table. Judge Charles White looked at Brian and Olivia.

“Good morning. I see that things couldn’t be worked out between the parents. So, here we are again,” he said. “Mr. Kittles, I’ve reviewed the documents you presented to the court. I just want to get this straight: Mrs. Jackson is engaged to be married, has just purchased a house in Decatur, Georgia, and wants to take her son from the only home he has ever known.”

Kittles stood up and pulled at the lapels on his jacket. “Your Honor, my client has the means to provide the stable family for her son that she didn’t have six months ago. Mr. Jackson has kept my client from her son, not giving her a chance to bond with her son. These are his formative years and he needs his mother.”

The judge folded his arms under his chest. “If that’s the case, why didn’t the former Mrs. Jackson think of that before she left her son?” Judge White turned to Gerald. “Mr. Johnson, you contend that Mrs. Jackson abandoned her son and sole custody, if awarded, should remain with Mr. Jackson. Now, it’s my understanding that Mr. Jackson is a police officer. How can he provide adequate child care as a single father?”

Gerald didn’t stand up. He looked at the judge and smiled. “Your Honor, Mr. Jackson has made several changes in his life. He gave up leadership in the Elmore Police Department’s vice and narcotics unit. He works more manageable hours as a school resource officer. He has built in family support as well. Mr. Jackson has a sister who babysits for him. Also, Mr. Jackson is in a relationship with a guidance counselor from the high school. She has helped Mickey cope with the divorce of his parents. But the child is fragile, Your Honor. Taking him away from his father would harm his psyche. Even while Mrs. Jackson has been in town, she has proven to be a neglectful mother.”

Kittles cleared his throat. “I object to that characterization of my client.”

Gerald stood up and picked up a copy of Mickey’s medical records. “If I may submit this to the court,” he said before approaching the bench. “This is a copy of Brian Jr.’s medical records. At age three, he was found to be allergic to shellfish. However, while in the custody of his mother, Mickey was served shellfish and ended up in the hospital. Mrs. Jackson allows her mother to smoke around the little boy and disappears at night, adding to his anxiety.”

The judge turned to Kittles. “Well?”

“Your Honor,” Mr. Kittles began. “I assure you, that was an isolated incident and Brian Jr. doesn’t have any respiratory problems that are aggravated by his grandmother’s occasional cigarette. And to get to the point, Ms. Watson, the grandmother, would not live with Mrs. Jackson and her family in Atlanta.”

The judge raised his hand. “I’ve heard enough from the lawyers. I want to talk to the parents now,” he said as he stared intently at Olivia. “Mrs. Jackson, why did you leave your son?”

Olivia dropped her head. “That was the hardest thing that I ever had to do,” she said. “I knew taking my son while I was in transition wouldn’t be fair to him. Besides, he needed to finish the school year. I thought my ex-husband and I had an understanding.”

“You’re a liar!” Brian exclaimed.


Judge White banged his gavel. “Mr. Johnson, control your client.”

Paige, who was sitting behind Brian, placed her hand on his shoulder. Brian had forgotten that she was in the courtroom. He looked back at her, then again at the judge.

“Your Honor, I apologize to the court for my outburst,” Brian said after he regained his composure.

“Don’t let it happen again,” Judge White cautioned.

“This is what I dealt with my entire marriage,” Olivia continued. “Fits of rage. Brian can’t control his temper and neither can his so-called girlfriend.” She shot a look at Paige. “She attacked me on the front lawn of her house.”

Brian dropped his head. He’d known this was going to come back to haunt him.

“I don’t want my son raised in that kind of environment,” Olivia continued.

Paige stood up. “Excuse me, Your Honor,” she said. “I know I may be out of order, but I would like to explain my actions.”

“And you are?” he asked.

“The woman Mrs. Jackson attacked. While both of us were wrong for fighting like children, neither of us is innocent in the alleged attack that she’s talking about. Fortunately, Mickey wasn’t around to see his mother and me acting like two ill-mannered high school students. I take responsibility for what I did and I apologize to Mrs. Jackson and the court,” she said.

The judge nodded. “Now please sit down.”

Paige sat down and Brian turned to her and smiled. “Thank you,” he mouthed.

The judge turned to Brian. “Mr. Jackson, have you allowed your ex-wife to see your son?”

“Yes, sir, I have. But Olivia seems to be more concerned about what’s going on in my personal life than what’s best for our son,” he said.

“Even though she’s engaged to be married?” the judge questioned.

“This is the first that I’ve heard of an engagement, sir. I want Olivia and Mickey to have a relationship, but she has to realize that she walked out on him and he’s still dealing with the aftereffects of that. He has nightmares and abandonment issues. I don’t know this man that Olivia is marrying and neither does my son.”

“That’s because you haven’t let us spend time with him!” Olivia interjected.

“Mrs. Jackson, you’ve had your say,” Judge White said. “And I’ve heard enough. We’re in recess until I reach a decision. I’ll contact the lawyers when I’m ready to rule.” He banged his gavel and then dismissed the courtroom. Brian knew he wouldn’t breathe until he knew what the judge’s decision was.

Paige grabbed his arm. “You look like you’re about to pass out,” she said.

“I’ll be fine, let’s just get out of here,” he said as he looked at Olivia and the man she claimed was her fiancé. They walked out of the courtroom arm in arm, brushing past Brian and Paige.

“She’s not going to win and anyone can tell that she isn’t really going to marry that man,” Paige said as she and Brian headed out through the other door.





CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


Though time had passed quickly before the custody hearing, it passed as slowly as molasses through a rusty drain while Brian waited for the judge’s decision. It had been two days since the judge began considering the case but he was on edge every time the phone rang, hoping it was Gerald calling to tell him that the judge had made a decision and Mickey wasn’t going anywhere. He took his phone with him everywhere he went, to the bathroom, to the storage room, to the porch when he and Mickey sat on the steps eating ice cream. But when the call finally came, Brian didn’t want to take it. He sighed before answering. “Hello?”

“Jackson, it’s me,” Gerald said. “The judge is ready to rule. He wants us in court at noon. Can you swing that?”

“Of course,” Brian replied.


“See you then.”


Brian headed down the hall to grab his son. “Hey, Mickey, we need to head downtown real quick,” he said as he walked into the little boy’s room. Mickey was sitting on the floor, playing with his Hot Wheels cars.

“Why?”

“The judge has made his decision about who gets to spend the most time with you,” Brian said. “So, put your sneakers on so that we can go, all right?”

Mickey nodded and slipped his tiny feet into his sneakers. Once Mickey had his shoes on, he and Brian headed out to his truck. As Brian drove to the courthouse, he said a silent prayer that the judge had made the right decision and would allow Mickey to live with him.

When Brian walked into the courtroom, he held his breath. Gerald was already sitting at one of the tables up front.

“Where’s Brian Jr.?” Gerald asked.


“Down in the daycare area. Any idea how the judge ruled?” Gerald shook his head. “My guess is that it’s more than likely an arrangement for shared custody. Judge White is big on keeping both parents involved in children’s lives.”

Brian could deal with that. He didn’t want to keep Olivia away from her son, but she wasn’t going to take him to Atlanta, at least not for more than a few weeks at a time.

The bailiff announced the judge and Brian held his breath as Judge White came in and told everyone to be seated.

“Parenting is hard when the two parents live together. When parents are divorced, it’s that much harder. Because Mrs. Jackson lives in Atlanta, shared custody will be extremely hard. But a child needs to have both a mother and a father in his or her life. So, my decision is this: the child, Brian Jackson Jr., will spend nine months of the year with his father, since his school is here. The summer months he will spend with his mother. As for the holidays, Thanksgiving will be spent with his mother in Atlanta and Christmas will be spent with his father.

“Now this is a court order. If you don’t follow these rules to the letter, and I mean each of you, I will hold you in contempt of court and throw you in jail. This ruling is in the best interest of your son and I implore you to work together to make sure Brian Jr. understands that both of his parents love him. The summer is almost over and Mrs. Jackson has expressed the wish to return to her home in Atlanta. I’m ordering that Brian Jackson Jr. go with her and stay with his mother until August 10th. At that time, Mr. Jackson will take custody of his son for the school year.”

Brian’s heart dropped to his stomach. This was too much, especially since Mickey didn’t want to go to Atlanta with his mother. He didn’t want him to go either. Mickey didn’t need two houses. He glanced over at Olivia, who had a smug grin on her face. Brian stormed out of the courtroom and into the daycare area where his son had been sitting. He knew he was going to hear it from the judge for acting out in the courtroom, but Brian didn’t care.

“Mickey,” he said. His son was sitting on the floor at a plastic workbench, pounding on a plastic nail like a carpenter.

“Hey Daddy,” he said.

Brian picked Mickey up and hugged him tightly. The judge burst into the playroom.

“Mr. Jackson,” he said. “I hope you’re not planning anything stupid.”

Brian shook his head, although he wished he and Mickey could disappear. “I need to explain to my son what’s going on. That’s the kind of relationship we have.”

Judge White’s scowl softened. “I don’t doubt that you and your son are close and that you have been a big part of his life. But he needs a mother and a father.”

Mickey looked from his father to Judge White. “What’s wrong, Daddy?”

Brian smiled. “Remember what I told you about the judge?”

Mickey nodded. Brian continued speaking after he took a deep breath. “Well, he has decided that you should spend the rest of the summer with your mommy, in Atlanta.”

Mickey pouted. “I don’t want to go to Atlanta. I want to stay here with you and Miss Paige.”

Brian was heartbroken, but he knew he had to be strong for his son. “Come on, Mick, be a big boy. Mommy hasn’t really seen you all summer, so it’s only fair that she gets some time with you.”

Olivia walked into the playroom all smiles. “Mickey, sweetheart, we’re going to Atlanta tonight. Aren’t you excited?”

The little boy shook his head no but Olivia continued talking. “We’re going to have so much fun. We’ll go to Atlanta Braves baseball games and the Underground and of course Six Flags.”

“Why can’t Daddy come too?” Mickey asked.

Olivia glanced over at Brian. “Because Daddy has to work, right, Brian?”

He cleared his throat. “Yes, champ, I do have to work. But I promise I will call you every night before you go to bed and you can call me any time you want,” he said. Brian looked at Olivia as if to tell her that she wouldn’t stop him from talking to his son.

“Come on, Mickey,” Olivia said as she nearly snatched the boy from Brian’s arms. As they walked out of the play area, Brian felt an icy dread wash over him. Judge White turned to Brian.

“Normally, I would hold you in contempt, but since this is a delicate situation, I’ll let it slide this time,” he said.

“Thank you, sir,” Brian said with forced deference in his voice. At that moment, as irrational as it was, he hated Judge White and blamed him for allowing Olivia to walk out that door with his son. Thirty days was too long to be away from his child and this judge was a fool for thinking that Olivia wanted to spend that much time with Mickey.

Brian walked out of the courthouse and headed home. He didn’t want to go home to pack his son’s things and send him to Atlanta. But it was a court order and he was already on the judge’s bad side.

When he pulled into the driveway, Olivia was already there. She had obviously bribed Mickey to sit in the car. He had a huge ice cream cone.

“It took you long enough,” she snapped. “Please pack Mickey’s things so that we can go.”

Brian glared at his ex-wife. “Mickey can pack what he wants, so he’ll need to come into the house. And I hope you plan to feed him a decent meal and not load him up on fast food and sugar.”

Olivia placed her hands on her slender hips. “Who took care of Mickey when you were chasing drug dealers? Me. These six months of playing Mr. Mom doesn’t make you an expert on parenting. Listen, I don’t want to make this difficult. We both love Mickey and the judge said we have to share custody.”

“Where is your fiancé?” Brian asked.


Olivia smiled. “Jealous? He went back to Atlanta to get the house ready for my son.”

“You’re not fooling anyone,” he snapped. “You’re not getting married. You did that to bolster your case.”

“Well, I guess it worked,” she said as she opened the passenger side door. “Mickey, go help your daddy pick out some clothes and things for you. I’ll wait in the car.”

Mickey nodded in between licks of ice cream. Brian and his son walked into the house, leaving Olivia outside in the car.





Paige watched the drama unfolding across the street. Seeing Brian walk down the steps with luggage broke her heart. Knowing that her presence over there would cause nothing but trouble, she watched tearfully, studying Brian’s face. Angry frown lines deepened his brow. His jaw was clenched so tightly that if it were a spring it would have popped. Paige watched as he slammed the trunk on Olivia’s car, then walked over to Mickey and hugged him tightly. At the last minute, Paige realized she couldn’t let Mickey leave without saying goodbye and opened the front door and started across the street.

“Brian?” she said.


He turned around and looked at her. “Hey, champ, Paige’s here.”

Mickey ran over to her and hugged her tightly around the legs. “I’m going to Atlanta for a month. Do you want to come?”


Paige forced herself to smile as she locked eyes with Olivia. “I think I’ll pass. I tell you what. When you come back, you and your daddy and I will have a big welcome home party with all of your favorites.”


Mickey smiled brightly. “I can’t wait!”


Olivia glowered at Paige. “Let’s go, son,” she said sternly. Mickey walked over to the car and got inside. He waved to Paige and his father as Olivia peeled out of the driveway.

Paige pulled Brian into her arms. “It’s only a month,” she said.

Brian hugged her back. “I know he needs to spend time with his mother, but it doesn’t mean I have to like it.”

She looked up at him. “Is there anything I can do?”

He smiled wistfully. “Can you make her turn around and bring my son back?”

Paige stroked his arm. “If I could I would. But I can make you dinner tonight.”

Brian kissed Paige on the forehead. “I appreciate that, but I need to be alone tonight. I won’t be good company for you.”

She masked her disappointment. “All right,” she said. Brian walked into his house and slammed the door behind him, leaving Paige feeling dazed and confused.





CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


Paige didn’t see Brian for three days after Mickey’s departure. Though she knew he needed time alone to deal with being separated from his son, she felt as if he had shut her out. She’d begun spending her days sitting on the sofa, watching television and eating cookies, waiting for Brian to come home, only to watch him trudge into his house and shut himself off from her and the rest of the world.

The routine got old. Though there was nothing she could do to ease his pain about Mickey being in Atlanta with Olivia, she could comfort him if would let her.

The third night Paige could no longer bear sitting around watching TV. She turned it off and cranked up the stereo, blasting her favorite artist, Boney James. Moving to the sensual sound of the sax, she twisted her hips like an exotic dance and waved her arms like flags in the wind. She forgot her blinds were open as she danced and didn’t notice the police officer walking up the front steps as she grabbed her afghan throw and wrapped it around her shoulders like a feather boa as she shimmied. The knock on her window caused her to shriek like a banshee.

“Brian!” she shouted as she opened the door. “You scared the hell out of me.”

He smiled slyly as he walked in. “Ma’am, I got a complaint. Someone has been neglecting an extremely sexy woman and acting really stupid.”

“You won’t get an argument from me on that one,” she replied.

“I’m sorry about these last few days. It’s just that I’ve never been separated from my son, no matter how temporary this is.”

Paige wrapped her throw around her waist to cover her boy short styled panties. Brian grinned from ear to ear.

“Don’t cover up on my account.”

“Aren’t you on duty, Officer Jackson?”

Brian pulled Paige into his arms. “Just clocked out ten minutes ago,” he said before brushing his lips against her neck. Paige’s body turned to liquid under his touch.

“Brian,” she found the voice to say. “We need to talk.”

He groaned. “That is so not what I want to hear right now.”

Paige took his hand in hers and led him to the sofa. “I hate it when you shut me out. I know this is a rough time for you. But when I signed on to this relationship, I knew you were going though this. I can handle anything your ex-wife throws at us, but I can’t handle you turning your pain inward and not giving me a chance to be there for you. I love you and if I can’t help you get through the tough times, then I’m not much of a girlfriend.”

Brian gently rubbed her leg. “This isn’t about you. I’ve just never been one to lay my burdens on someone else.”

Paige raised her eyebrow. “Talking about your feelings isn’t laying your burdens on me. It’s not like you’re asking me to pay your mortgage or anything. I love you and when you’re hurting, so am I.”

Brian kissed the bridge of her nose. “I’m sorry I’ve been acting like the hind part of a donkey. Forgive me?”

Paige held her chin as if she were considering whether or not to forgive him. “Of course,” she said, then wrapped her arms around him. “But you have to make it up to me.”

Brian stroked her cheek. “And how do you propose that I do that?”

“Well,” she said as she climbed up on his lap, “we can start with dinner. Then after dinner I want dessert.” She unbuttoned his shirt slowly. “And I want a lot of dessert. Ice cream, strawberries, chocolate.” Paige slid his uniform shirt off his shoulders and then ripped the Velcro straps apart on his Kevlar vest and removed his tee shirt in one motion. She leaned in and brushed her lips against his. “But before any of that, I want you.” She devoured his lips as if she were eating her last meal before going to the electric chair. The afghan fell to the floor in a flourish as Brian’s hands roamed her body, slipping underneath her shirt, running his thumbs across her hard nipples. Paige reached for Brian’s belt buckle. The heavy belt, which held his gun, flashlight and radio, clunked to the floor. Brian gripped her hips as she rocked back and forth across his zipper. Then he pulled back from the kiss and lifted Paige into his arms.

“I don’t think we need to put on a show for the neighborhood,” he said as he carried her into the bedroom.

Once inside Paige’s mauve and lilac bedroom, Brian took charge. Gently he laid her on the bed and removed what was left of his uniform. Paige looked up at him. His body was as gorgeous as ever. His milk chocolate skin glowed in the waning sunlight. When he dropped his boxers, Paige saw that he was more than ready to make love to her. Brian crawled into the bed like a hungry tiger. She didn’t mind being his prey. He spread her legs apart, kissing her inner thighs. Paige shivered as his tongue outlined the crotch of her panties. Her body throbbed, anticipating the bliss of feeling him deep inside her. Brian used his teeth to pull her lacy panties down. With one hand, he stroked her middle, touching her g-spot, causing her legs to quiver uncontrollably. He lifted her legs and placed them on his shoulders, positioning him- self between them. She closed her eyes, pressing her head into the pillow as the heat from his body caused her throbbing bud to swell. Brian pressed his cock against her, moving his body up and down. She writhed her body underneath his. Chills ran up and down her spine as her lower lips kissed Brian’s hardness. He groaned as Paige pressed her hips into his, drawing him into her hot valley. She rolled her body, so that he ended up on his back and she was on top. She grabbed his shoulders as she moved her body over his like a warm ocean wave. When he pulled her tank top off, nearly ripping it apart, Paige’s brown breasts spilled forward. Brian grabbed them, kissing and sucking her nipples, and she moaned in ecstasy. He thrust into her, still kissing her sensitive nipples. Paige felt as if she had electricity running through her veins. Then he grabbed her hips, rolling over so that he was now on top. “I love you so much,” he said as he stared into her eyes. He stroked her cheek as she bit down on her bottom lip. She dug her nails into his shoulder as she exploded from pleasure.

“Brian.” She shivered from the aftershocks of her orgasm.

He pulled her into his arms, holding her tightly. “I’m sorry I shut you out. It will never happen again.”

Paige frowned. “It better not happen again. This is a difficult time for you, but I am here for you, anytime you need me.”

Brian ran his fingers though her hair, twirling a kinky lock around his finger. “I know that and believe me, I appreciate it.” Brian glanced at the clock on Paige’s nightstand. It was five after six. “Why don’t we get dressed and have some dinner. We can head out of town and try something new tonight,” he said.

“Sounds good to me. And after dinner, I want more dessert.” She stroked his flaccid penis and Brian was ready for round two.

“Why wait? I’ve always believed in dessert first.”

After making love again, Brian and Paige finally pulled themselves out of bed, showered and dressed, then made the thirty-minute drive to have dinner at Mama Jo’s Kitchen. The restaurant had the feel of a country kitchen. Bright and warm, it was filled with the aroma of fried chicken and apple pie. Red and white checkered table- cloths covered the ten tables in the center of the restaurant and booths lined both sides of the restaurant. Each table and booth had fresh flowers, daisies and carnations, as the centerpiece.

“This place is nice,” Paige said. “Smells like the food is excellent.”

Brian shrugged. “We’ll see.”

As they took a seat at the table, Paige grabbed his hand. “Why don’t we go to Nashville before we go back to work and before Mickey comes home?”

“Sounds tempting, but I don’t have many vacation days left. Besides, you might have an ex-boyfriend stashed away that will jump out and try to beat me into submission so that he can take you back.”

Paige stuck her tongue out at him while she shook her head. “Only one person at this table has a crazy ex and it isn’t me.”

Before Brian could respond, a waitress walked over to them. “How y’all doin’ this evening? Our special tonight is smothered pork chops, fried okra, and peach cobbler for dessert. Do you want to look over the menu or go with the special?” She smiled at Brian.

“Uh, give us a few minutes,” Paige said, giving the waitress a look that said, ‘Yes, he’s my man and no, you can’t have him.’

“All right, take your time,” she said, then walked away.


“You dismissed her, didn’t you?” Brian asked with a laugh.


“She was eyeing you like you were on the menu. I don’t share my dessert with anyone,” she said as she leaned across the table and kissed him on the tip of his nose.

After a few moments, the waitress came back. Paige ordered the fried chicken with fresh green beans, cornbread, and sweet tea. Brian decided to go with the special, though he substituted cabbage for the okra. When they finished dinner, Brian and Paige couldn’t get home fast enough to make love again.

The shrill ringing of his cell phone woke him about three A.M. Brian reached over Paige’s naked body to pick up the phone. She stirred, but didn’t wake up. “Yeah?” he said sleepily.

“Brian, there’s been an accident,” Olivia said. He could tell that she was crying. “Mickey, he-he’s in the hospital.”

Brian sat up in the bed. “What happened?”

“A fire,” she said through her sobs. “I don’t know how this happened.”

“I’m coming down there. What hospital is he in?” Brian climbed out of the bed and grabbed clothes from the closet.

“He’s at Grady Memorial Hospital in the burn unit,” Olivia sobbed.

Brian was pulling his pants as Paige got out of bed. “What’s wrong?” she asked.

He held up one finger, telling her to wait. “Olivia,” Brian said. “What happened? And tell me from the beginning.”

She blew into the phone. “I was only gone for a few minutes. When I came back, the fire was-was—I don’t know what happened. I know Mickey doesn’t play with matches...”

“You left him home alone? What the hell were you thinking? I swear to God, if something happens to my boy, I can’t be responsible for what I do.” Brian ended the call and continued to get dressed.

Paige grabbed his shoulder. “What’s going on?”

Brian released a painful sigh. “Mickey’s in the hospital. There was a fire and he was burned. I don’t know what the hell Olivia was thinking. She said she left him home alone.”

“What?” Paige exclaimed. “I can’t believe she would do something like that.”

“I’ve got to get down there.”


“Let’s get moving, then.”


Brian grabbed her hand and squeezed it, thankful that she was there for him. He knew that he needed her because he was too shaky to drive, too angry to face Olivia alone and too afraid to see his son without someone beside him.

“I have to call Gabrielle and let her know what’s going on,” Brian said. He looked at his clock. It was three-fifteen. “I’m sure she’s not home from the club yet.”

“Then we’ll call her from the road. Do you want me to drive?” She pulled a cotton dress over her head and stuffed her feet into a pair of sneakers.

Brian nodded. This was one time when he hoped she did speed. He wished there was some way they could fly to Atlanta. When he got there, there was going to be hell to pay.





CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR


Brian sat in the passenger seat of Paige’s Mustang, not caring about how fast she drove down Interstate 20. His thoughts were on his son and making sure that Mickey knew his daddy was there for him. Brian couldn’t believe Olivia had left their son alone. It was different when she was leaving him with Davina, although that was almost the same as leaving him alone, in Brian’s opinion. What could have been more important than Mickey? Brian gritted his teeth. Anger didn’t begin to describe what he felt. A fire was building in the pit of his stomach and the closer they got to Atlanta, the hotter it burned. Paige reached mid-town Atlanta in record time, less than five hours. Her silence told him that she was just as worried about Mickey as he was.

“Why don’t I drop you off here and then I’ll figure out where to park,” she said when she stopped in front of the hospital. Brian nodded and jumped out of the car, nearly forgetting to unsnap his seat belt. He rushed into the massive hospital and looked for a directory. After finding the listing for the pediatric burn unit, he headed for the elevators. When the doors opened on the fifth floor, he stalked to the nurses’ desk.

“I’m looking for my son, Brian Jackson, Jr.”

The nurse began typing into the computer. “He’s in PICU. It’s down the hall and to the left,” she said. Brian mumbled his thanks before he took off. He stopped at the entrance of the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit, running his hand over the door. This couldn’t be right. This was where kids near death were treated. His son—vibrant and playful—couldn’t be facing death at such a young age, could he?

“Brian,” Olivia called from behind him. He turned around and looked at her, ready to release his full fury on her. But one look at her tear-stained cheeks and bloodshot eyes and he knew this wasn’t the time for it.

“How is Mickey?” he asked.

Olivia dropped her head into her hands and started sobbing again, her shoulders shaking. “The doctor said he has first and second degree burns on forty percent of his body. The police and fire marshal want to talk to me, but I haven’t been able to tear myself away from Mickey’s side.”

“You should’ve been by his side when you left him alone in your house,” Brian snapped.

Olivia looked up at him. “Don’t you think I regret that? Don’t you think I would change that if could? Haven’t you ever made a mistake, done something you wish you could change?”

“What was so important, Olivia?” Brian hissed, unable to contain his anger. He grabbed her arm. “You wanted Mickey here so bad you took me to court, and as soon as you got him, you left him alone and he wound up in a fire.”

“Brian, you’re hurting me,” she cried. Her face was contorted with her brows forming one line. Sorrow was etched on her forehead and showed in her eyes. He pushed her back and glowered at her.

“Again, what was so fucking important?”

“I had a chance to talk to Monica Kaufman, she’s a TV legend here. She’s going to an award show and I was going to design her dress. It was only supposed to last thirty minutes. We met just ten minutes from my house. I thought-thought Mickey would be okay.”

Brian closed his eyes and counted to ten. The things he wanted to do to Olivia would’ve landed him behind bars and that wouldn’t have helped him or Mickey. “So, this Monica woman was more important than our son? You’re a piece of shit, you know that? You sued me, claimed my work would get in the way of raising my son! But you let the hope of making a dress for some stranger allow you to leave my son alone in your house. When Mickey gets out of this hospital, you will never—and I mean never—see him again.”

Olivia shrank in a corner, sobbing, as Brian walked down the hall to Mickey’s cubicle.

He found Mickey’s bed, but wasn’t prepared to see his son in such a state. Plastic sheeting draped the bed so that he wouldn’t get an infection. Bandages covered his arms and legs and he had an IV drip. Brian wanted to reach in and kiss his son, so that the little boy would know he wasn’t alone, that his daddy was there for him.

“Hello,” a nurse said as she walked over to Mickey to check his vital signs. “Are you Mr. Jackson?”

Brian nodded as he took a step back. “How-how is he?”

“Brian Jr. is in shock. We sedated him and are giving him fluids because he has second degree burns on his legs, which are the more serious of his injuries,” she said. “I’ll get the doctor and he can explain everything to you.”

Brian folded his arms and looked at Mickey. His son looked so small in the bed. “Daddy’s right here, everything is going to be okay. The doctors are going to take care of you and I’m going to take you home,” he whispered.

The doctor walked over to Brian. “Mr. Jackson,” he said, extending his hand to Brian. “I’m Dr. Niles Timbutu. I’ve been treating your son.”

“How is he?” Brian asked. His normally strong voice was barely audible.

Dr. Timbutu motioned for Brian to step out into the hallway. “Your son’s seriously injured,” the man said solemnly. “Brian has burns on 40 percent of his body. The most serious burns are second degree and we may need to do skin grafts, especially on his leg. He’s lost a lot of fluid because of the burns and that’s why we have him on the IV. We’re also giving him an antibiotic so that the burns don’t get infected. He’s sedated right now, that’s why he’s not responding. But his vitals are strong.”

Brian listened intently, his heart beating a mile a minute. Was there something the doctor wasn’t telling him? “When is my son going to wake up?” he asked.

“That I don’t know,” Dr. Timbutu replied. “But what I need to know is what happened. Your wife—”

“Ex-wife,” Brian corrected.

“Your ex-wife was too distraught to talk. The police, child services and the fire marshal are investigating the fire. Does Brian play with matches or lighters?” the doctor asked.

He shook his head. “Mickey knew better than that. I don’t know how this happened.” Brian ran his hand over his face. “It’s a nightmare.”

“Where were you, sir, when the fire started?”

Brian stared angrily at the doctor. “You think I had something to do with my son being in this hospital bed?”

“Sir, these are just standard questions,” Dr. Timbutu replied. “I don’t mean any offense.”

“I live in South Carolina. Mickey is spending the month with his mother as ordered by our custody agreement.”

“Oh, all right. Do you know if anyone was with your son when the fire started?”

Brian shook his head. “Olivia was supposed to be with him.” Brian punched the air in front of him. “I knew I should’ve fought the judge on this decision. I should’ve kept my son with me!”

The doctor touched his shoulder. “Calm down, Mr. Jackson.”

Brian jerked away from him. “Don’t tell me to calm down. My son’s fighting for his life. He’s the one who’s going to have to live with these scars—not you or your child!”

“I understand you’re upset. But there is an investigation into this fire and if the officials find out that your son was left home alone, I don’t think you will have any problem getting sole custody.”

But my son had to suffer for this to happen, Brian thought as he walked away and into Paige’s arms, sobbing silently.

Paige wrapped her arms around Brian, thinking the worse. Was Mickey dead? She couldn’t ask him that because she couldn’t bear to hear the answer if that was the case. She gently stroked the nape of his neck.

Olivia walked over to them. “Oh my God, Brian, did something happen?”

He looked up at her, nearly lunging at her. Paige struggled to hold him back.

“Yes, something happened. You left my son home alone and he’s going to be scarred for life. That’s what happened, you stupid—”

Paige put her hand over Brian’s mouth. “We all need to calm down.”

Olivia glared at her. “Why don’t you mind your business? This has nothing to do with you.”

Paige looked away from Olivia and kept silent. The last thing she wanted to do was argue with her when everyone’s emotions were so high.

“Olivia, when Mickey gets out of here, you will never see him again,” Brian shouted.

Paige was afraid that he was about grab his former wife, so she stood in front of him, blocking his access to her.

“You can’t do that,” Olivia said. “I have a court—”

“To hell with the court order! You left a five-year-old at home alone and now he’s in the hospital,” Brian boomed. “Our son is supposed to the most important thing to you. Isn’t that the lie you told the judge? And where was your so-called fiancé?”

Paige pulled at his pants leg, silently trying to tell him to calm down. “Brian, Olivia, you two need to chill. Mickey is the only thing you should worry about right now.”

Olivia stood toe to toe with Paige. “You aren’t his mother, so why don’t you stay out of this.”

“At least I would have sense enough not to leave a child at home alone,” Paige snapped. “You’d best get out of my face.”

Two police officers walked over to them. “Is everything all right?” one of the officers asked.

“This woman needs to be removed,” Olivia said pointing at Paige. “She has no business being here.”

Brian folded his arms. “If anyone is going anywhere it’s going to be you!”

“Everyone, take a deep breath and calm down,” the officer said. “We need to talk to the parents of Brian Jackson Jr.”

“That’s me and him,” Olivia stated.


“And we’re divorced,” Brian interjected.


“Who has custody of the child?” the officer asked.


Brian cleared his throat. “We share custody of my son. He was in my ex-wife’s custody and she left him alone to burn in a fire.”

“Mrs. Jackson, I need you to come with me,” the officer said.

Olivia’s lower lip quivered. “But-but I don’t want to leave my son.”

Brian rolled his eyes. “That didn’t matter to you last night,” he snapped.


Paige watched what was unfolding before her. It was as if no one was thinking about Mickey. As much as she hated to admit it, he needed his mother and father by his side.

“Officer,” Paige said. “Can you at least wait until the little boy regains consciousness?”

Everyone focused on Paige. Different levels of shock registered on Brian and Olivia’s faces as Paige continued talking. “That little boy needs to see his mother and father when he wakes up. Afterward, you can sort out all of the legalities of the situation.”

The two officers looked at one another. “And you are?” one of the officers asked.

“Paige Grayson, a friend of the family.” She folded her arms across her chest. “I’m also a licensed child psychologist and I know the devastating effects that something like this can have on a child. That’s why Mickey needs both of his parents.”

“I tell you what, Ms. Grayson,” the officer said. “You stick to head shrinking and let us do our job.”

Paige glared at him. “Do you have children? Do you realize that this child is in shock? He needs to see his parents when he wakes up. I guess you want to be responsible for causing him more pain.”

The officers looked at each other. “All right, we’ll wait until the child wakes up. But no one leaves this hospital,” one of the officers said, looking from Brian to Olivia.

Olivia looked at Paige. “That was a decent thing to do,” she mumbled. “Thank you.”

Paige walked over to Brian, who had a deep scowl on his face. “You should’ve let the police take her,” he said. “If it weren’t for her, my son wouldn’t be in this hospital.”

Paige stroked Brian’s shoulder. “I know,” she soothed. “But think about what’s best for Mickey.”

“I don’t have a problem with that, she does,” he said, tilting his head toward Olivia, who was just within earshot.

“You know what, Brian,” Olivia snapped. “I made a mistake. Sorry I’m not perfect like you.”

Paige held his arm as Brian glared at his ex-wife. “Get out of my sight before I do something I regret,” he bellowed.

Olivia dashed down the hall, sobbing. Brian and Paige walked inside and stood by Mickey’s bed. He was starting to stir. A different nurse walked over to his bed.

“Mr. Jackson, if you put these gloves on, you can touch him. He looks like he might be waking up. But he’ll be in considerable pain.”

Brian nodded and took the latex gloves from the nurse and put them on. He reached through the plastic and stroked his son’s forehead. Paige felt tears sliding down her cheeks as she watched them. If anything happened to Mickey it would kill her. She loved that little boy as much as she loved his father.

What was Olivia thinking about, leaving that little boy alone? She should’ve gotten burned in that fire, not Mickey. She put Brian through hell so that she could bring him here, only to leave him home alone. Something is wrong with her, Paige thought as she watched Brian standing over his son.

Paige crossed over to Brian and stood behind him. Mickey opened his eyes. He coughed and his body shook. The nurse adjusted the computer that regulated his medicine.

Brian looked at the nurse. “Is this normal?”

She nodded. “He’s not fully awake,” she said as she looked at him. Mickey stopped thrashing as much, and his eyes seemed to focus on Brian and Paige.

“D-daddy,” he groaned.


“Hey champ,” Brian said.


Mickey began to cry. “It hurts, my arms hurt.”


Paige tapped on the nurse’s shoulder. “Can you do something?” she whispered.


The woman nodded. “I increased his medicine. It will take effect soon and he’ll probably go back to sleep.”


Paige sighed and offered the woman a weak smile. “Will you get his mother, please?”


The nurse gave Paige a look of incredulity. “I thought you were his mother. But sure, I’ll get her. What’s her name?”

“Olivia.”

The nurse headed down the hall to find Olivia. Paige turned back to Brian and Mickey, who was drifting off to sleep again. “Darling,” she whispered to Brian. “You need to eat something. Do you want me to get something for you?”

He shook his head. “I don’t want to leave him,” he said.

Olivia walked into the room. Out of respect for Brian, Paige walked out and headed for the cafeteria. The first chance she got to question Olivia, she was going to light into her.





Olivia remained near the doorway. “The nurse said Paige sent for me. Did he wake up?”

Brian shot her a hateful glance but didn’t say anything.

The nurse walked into the room and handed Olivia a pair of gloves. “You can touch him with the gloves on,” she told Olivia as she pushed her toward the bed. Olivia looked down at the gloves but didn’t put them on.

“Feeling guilty?” Brian snapped.


“Why don’t you just shut up?” she said in a hiss.


“I won’t shut up. This is your fault.”


Olivia started crying, but it didn’t put a dent in Brian’s anger.

“Why are you crying now?” Brian asked as he stared, shooting icy daggers at her. “I hope you go to jail. You know, people in lock up don’t take kindly to child abusers.”

Olivia trembled as she sobbed. “I wish I had taken him with me,” she said through her sobs. “I swear I forgot he was there. He was upstairs sleeping and I was so excited about Monica calling me that I wasn’t thinking.

“I ran out of the house and I guess I didn’t extinguish the candles that were burning in my room. But I had to go and meet with her. I knew it would really put my career on the map. You understand—”

“Stop,” Brian said, throwing his hands up. “What I understand is that when you have a child, a career is secondary. I gave up my undercover work for Mickey.” He walked over to her and grabbed her arm, dragging her out of the room. Brian pushed her against the wall in the hall. “You’re a hypocrite and if I were you, I’d turn myself in to the police because if I’m around you for a second longer, I’m going to do something that will land you in a hospital bed.” Brian let her go and walked back into the room.





CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE


Mickey spent three weeks in the hospital and underwent three skin graft surgeries. Brian, Paige and Olivia were at his side the entire time. Although Paige had rented a hotel room at an extended stay hotel, Brian never left the hospital.

The Atlanta Fire Department determined that candles left burning had started the fire. According to the report, Mickey was found near the front door. The fire started on the second floor, which meant he’d run through the flames to get downstairs. Brian could imagine that his son was calling for his mother the entire time.

Olivia was charged with child neglect and abandonment. Her arrest made headlines and ruined her chances of designing a gown for Monica Kauffman. Brian had his attorney, Gerald Johnson, file papers to reverse the shared custody agreement. The day the papers were filed, Brian and Paige brought Mickey home.

Most of his burns had healed, but he walked with a slight limp because of the skin grafts on his left leg.

“Are you happy to be home?” Paige asked as she fluffed a pillow for him to prop his leg up on.

Mickey nodded. He hadn’t talked much since they returned to Elmore. Brian wondered if he needed to send the little boy to therapy. “Hey, little man, I got some snacks for you,” Brian said as he set the tray on the coffee table. “You want some juice?”

The little boy nodded. Brian hoped to lift Mickey’s spirits with his favorite snacks, Goldfish crackers, apple slices and peanut butter.

Paige stood up. “I’ll get it,” she said, and then disappeared into the kitchen.

Brian sat down beside Mickey. “Champ, why don’t you say something? What’s wrong?”

Mickey looked up at Brian. “I told you I didn’t want to go to Atlanta.”

Brian pulled the little boy into his arms. “I know and I’m sorry this happened to you, but I promise you, it will never happen again. No one will ever hurt you again.”

“What if Mommy tries to make me go back?”

Brian shook his head. “Not going to happen. Your mother, if she wants to see you, will have to come here, all right?” He kissed him on the forehead and Mickey seemed to relax in Brian’s arms. Paige walked into the living room holding three glasses of apple juice.

“All right, guys, here’s some apple juice,” she said.


“Thank you,” Mickey said meekly. Paige kissed him on the cheek. “You’re so welcome.”


The three of them sat on the sofa munching on the snacks and watching the Cartoon Network’s marathon of Scooby Doo, Mickey’s favorite show. Brian looked at Paige, who had draped her arm around his son’s narrow shoulders. This felt like a real family and he wanted to make it so. Paige loved him and his son. Mickey began to yawn.

“Do you want to go lie down?” Paige asked.

Looking at his father, he nodded. “Yes, ma’am,” he said. Paige stood up and held her hand out for Mickey and then led him down the hall to his bedroom. Brian cleaned up their glasses and leftover snacks. When he was walking back into the living room, so was Paige.

“I’m worried about him,” she said quietly. “He may be suffering from post-traumatic stress.”

Brian sat down on the sofa and patted the cushion beside him. She sat down and leaned her head on his shoulder. “I was thinking earlier that I should take him to see a therapist. Mickey was already having a hard time dealing with his mother leaving before she pulled this crap. I hope Judge White is having nightmares.”

Paige stroked Brian’s cheek. “You know, Mickey isn’t the only one I’m worried about. When’s the last time you slept for more than two hours?”

Brian looked into her golden eyes. “I haven’t had a good night’s sleep in weeks and I won’t until I have sole custody of my son.”

Paige nodded and squeezed his hand. “You’re certain to get it now,” she whispered. “But you won’t be any good to that little boy if you don’t take care of yourself.”

Brian brushed his lips against her forehead. “I don’t know. Sometimes I feel that it doesn’t matter that I’m a good father because the system is set up to make sure mothers win, even when they don’t deserve to. I’d always heard that, but I never believed it.”

Paige stroked his arm. “It’s not often that fathers fight for their children. I mean, my father left my mother and didn’t bother to even set up visitation. But you’re a good father and the judge can’t ignore that,” she said.

“He did before. I knew she shouldn’t take him. I mean, Olivia loves her son, but ever since she’s been on this ‘my career’ kick, her priorities have seemed off. How did she go from wanting to put our family back together to leaving my son to nearly burn to death?”

“Brian, you can’t dwell on what happened the first time around in court. You can’t walk around mad all the time, either. That anger will eat you up inside and make you bitter. That’s not going to do you or Mickey any good,” she said.

Brian gave her a lopsided smile. “I used to wonder how you got your job. But now I see why. You make sense,” he said.

“I should be offended by that, but I’ll let you slide today,” Paige replied.

“You know what I mean,” he said, trying not to start an argument.

“I hear you.” Her voice was peppered with annoyance.


Brian squeezed her tightly. “Come on, babe, don’t be mad at me. I don’t need any more conflict in my life right now.”


“Brian, why don’t we sit here and not talk,” she retorted as she looked out the window.

Knowing that he’d messed up, Brian stood and headed for the kitchen. He opened the freezer and pulled out a half a gallon of butter pecan ice cream. He filled a bowl and stuck two spoons in it. He returned to the living room and held the bowl out to Paige.

“Peace offering?”

She smiled warmly. “All right, I accept.”


Brian set the bowl on the table and scooped up a spoonful of ice cream and fed it to her.


“Will you stay with us tonight?” he asked.


Paige nodded and took the spoon out of his hand. “I’m sorry about before. I’m just a little tired and my fuse is short.”


Brian wanted to ask her when wasn’t her fuse short, but for the sake of a peaceful night, he just scooped some more ice cream and popped it into her mouth.

They sat in a comfortable silence listening out for Mickey in case he had another nightmare. His sleep had been plagued by horrible dreams that caused him to wake up screaming in the middle of the night. Although he couldn’t take Mickey’s pain and nightmares away, Brian was going to make sure that when Mickey woke up crying for someone, he’d be there.

Paige stretched and leaned against Brian. “Do you want me to go check on Mickey before we go to bed?” she asked.

“I’ll do it,” Brian said. He stood and headed down the hall. Paige followed him, wrapping her arms around his waist as he stood in the doorway of Mickey’s room. Brian patted her hands. Being here like this felt so natural.

“Paige,” Brian murmured. “Marry me.”


“What?” she asked, dropping her hands.


Brian spun her around and looked deeply into her eyes. “Marry me. I love you and my son loves you. You’ve already become a part of our family. Let’s make it official,” he said.

Paige shook her head from side to side. “Brian, I don’t know if— Is this about your custody case?”

He sighed and rolled his eyes. “Forget it, I’m just tired. I wasn’t thinking.”

“Brian, I do love you, but marriage is a big step,” Paige said.

He threw up his hands, “Fine, I’m going to bed.”





Paige climbed into bed beside Brian, who had his back turned to her. She couldn’t help wondering if Brian’s proposal was motivated by his quest to win sole custody of his son. But maybe it wasn’t. What if this was simply about him wanting to spend the rest of his life with her? While she wasn’t sure if she was ready to be a wife and a mother, Paige loved Brian and Mickey with everything inside her. She couldn’t imagine her life without either of them. She reached out and ran her finger down the center of his back.

“Brian,” she said quietly. “Are you sleeping?”


“Trying.”


She dropped her hand and turned over on her side. “You know how I feel about you. But you have to understand why I’m a little apprehensive about accepting your marriage proposal.”

“Paige, why don’t you drop it,” he said. “You said no, let’s just move on.”

She threw the covers back and hopped out of the bed. “You can be selfish sometimes, Brian. I know you’re going though a lot right now and you love your son, but that doesn’t mean you can just piss on my feelings and try to use me as a tool in your on-going battle with your ex- wife.” Paige grabbed her jeans and tee shirt from the floor and angrily pulled on her clothes. “I want to be with you, but I don’t know if I’m ready to get married. It’s better you find that out now than ten years down the road when we end up hating each other.”

“Are you staying or going? I’m going to try and get some sleep.”

His coldness shocked her. Paige threw her hands up and stormed out of the bedroom and the house. Hot tears of anger and disappointment stung her eyes. Why was he being such a hard ass? He had just gotten out of a marriage, so he should understand her wanting to take things slowly. She knew that he was the man for her, but shouldn’t they wait until things in his life calmed down before they started planning their future? Paige slammed into her house and went into the kitchen and grabbed a can of diet cola. She popped the top just as the phone rang.

“What?” she snapped.


“Paige,” Brian said quietly. “I overreacted.”


“You do that a lot and I’m getting damned tired of it,” she said. “You’re stressed and you have a lot weighing on you, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to be your verbal punching bag.”

“Oh, okay, you can stop with the over-dramatization,” Brian said.

Paige ended the call and tossed her phone across the room. Why does every thing have to be so damned complicated, she thought as she downed the soda.





Brian held the phone in front of his face as the dial tone sounded in his ear. Maybe he was going about this the wrong way, but when did a marriage proposal make a woman turn and run? He loved Paige and she said she loved him. What was the problem? He felt as if he had been sucker-punched. Brian threw himself on the bed. Lying on his stomach and clutching the pillow, he muttered something under his breath about the fickle nature of women.

“Daddy,” Mickey said from the doorway. “Can I sleep with you tonight?”

Brian turned over and smiled at his son. “Sure, champ,” he said as he lifted him into the bed. “How are you feeling?”

Mickey shrugged his shoulders. Brian checked the bandage on his leg to make sure he wasn’t bleeding. He held his son and watched him sleep, wishing Paige were there with him, sharing this moment. All right, he thought, I have to prove to Paige that this has nothing to do with custody, that I just need her in my life.





CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX


Paige tried to wrap her mind around the argument she and Brian had had the next morning as she sat at her kitchen table, sipping black coffee and reading the Sunday paper. As she reached for a piece of raisin toast, she knocked her mug over. She swore as she mopped up the coffee with a napkin. Tossing her paper into the trashcan, she walked into the living room. Paige looked across the street at Brian’s house and sighed.

“You should just go over there and say yes.” But instead she plopped down on the sofa and turned the television on. Although she wasn’t paying attention to the movie that was playing, the knock on the door startled her. Paige walked to the door and opened it, expecting to see Brian. But it was Mickey.

“Hey, what are you doing here?” she asked as she kneeled down to hug him.

“I came to ask you to have breakfast with us,” he said with a smile. Paige mussed his hair. “Does your father know you’re here?”

Mickey nodded. “He’s cooking for us. Come on, Miss Paige.”

Mickey pulled her by the hand. Paige was helpless to resist him. “Okay, okay, I’ll go, but let me lock up.” She didn’t bother to change out of her cotton boxer shorts and tank top, just grabbed her keys, stuffed her feet in her slippers and followed Mickey across the street.

When Paige walked into the house, she thought about the night before. Was Brian trying to use his little boy to get her to accept his proposal? He wouldn’t do that, she thought as she walked into the kitchen.

“Mickey!” Brian called out as he walked out of the kitchen, bumping into Paige, chest first.

Paige held on to his arms so she wouldn’t fall. Brian looked at her with shock.

“What are you doing here?” he asked.

“Your son came and got me. He said you were cooking breakfast for us,” Paige said. Mickey held on to Paige’s leg.

Brian looked at Mickey and shook his head. “You know better than to leave the house without my permission,” Brian said.

“I’m sorry,” he said sadly.

Paige removed her hand from Brian’s arm. “Maybe I should go.” She turned to Mickey. “You shouldn’t have left without telling your dad.”

Mickey’s bottom lip quivered. “But you and Daddy were fighting last night just like when Mommy was here. I just don’t want Miss Paige to go to Atlanta too,” he said before breaking into tears.

Paige scooped the little boy up in her arms. “I’m not going to Atlanta,” Paige said. “Anytime you need me, I’m going to be right here.”

Brian stroked his son’s head. “Mick, sometimes, adults have dis- agreements and misunderstandings. That’s what happened last night.” Paige looked at Brian. Had she misunderstood his proposal? That should’ve made her felt better, but it didn’t. She wanted to marry Brian, she honestly did, but she wanted him to want her for the right reasons.

“Can Miss Paige stay?” Mickey asked.

“Well, Miss Paige will have to decide that,” Brian said, staring pointedly at her.

Paige smiled. “Of course I’ll stay. Besides, Mickey, I love having breakfast with you.” She raised her eyebrow at Brian as she and Mickey took a seat.

Brian had cooked a better breakfast than Paige had waiting for her at home. He had crispy bacon, waffles, scrambled eggs with cheese, and green peppers and fresh orange juice. “Paige, do you want coffee?” he asked.

“Sure,” she said.


“I want coffee too,” Mickey piped up.


Paige and Brian laughed. “Not yet, son,” Brian said. “You definitely don’t need the caffeine.”


Paige kissed Mickey’s cheek. She was glad to see that he was almost back to his cheery self. She looked up at Brian and wondered when they would find happiness again.





Brian watched Paige with his son as the coffee brewed. This was what he wanted every day. Why couldn’t Paige see how much he wanted her and how much he needed her? The custody case wasn’t the motivation for him asking her to marry him. He loved her. He’d never thought he’d fall in love again, especially so soon after his drama with Olivia, but Paige was so easy to love, despite her little attitude at times. With Mickey, she was gentle, almost as if he were her son. He wondered what any child they had would be like. Imagining a miniature Paige running around with golden eyes and a puffy afro, probably terrorizing the little boys in her preschool class, made him smile. Mickey and his little sister would get along fabulously. He would be happy to have someone to play with, even a girl.

“Brian, Brian,” Paige said, snapping him out of his fantasy. “The coffee pot’s overflowing.”

Brian mopped up the mess. “Maybe none of us need the caffeine.”

“I’ll have orange juice,” Paige said. “Let’s just eat.”

Mickey nodded in agreement. Brian smiled and loaded their plates with bacon and eggs, then fixed his plate and sat down. Mickey reached out and grabbed Brian and Paige’s hands.

“God is great, God is good, let us thank Him for our food. By His hands we all are fed. Thank you Lord for our daily bread,” the little boy recited.

Brian squeezed his son’s hand as they said “amen.” They ate in silence.

“That was really good,” Paige said when she finished eating, glancing at Brian and smiling. He returned her smile and mouthed to her that they needed to talk.

After breakfast, Paige offered to help Brian wash the dishes and Mickey went to clean his room. Paige grabbed a dishtowel, “So, what do we need to talk about?”

“Us,” he said. “Paige, last night, I don’t know what I was thinking. But today, I know that marrying you would be the best thing I could ever do. I love you with all my heart. Even if this custody case weren’t hanging over my head, I would still want to make you my wife.”

Tears sprang into Paige’s eyes and he wiped her tears away with the edge of the dishtowel she was holding. He pulled her into his arms, cupping the back of her neck and leaned in to kiss her, but Paige put her hand on his chest.

“Yes, Brian.”


“What?”


“I’ll marry you,” she said though her tears. Brian picked her up and spun her around, sending her dishtowel flying across the room. Slowly, he lowered her down the length of his body until their lips met in a dizzying kiss. Mickey’s giggle from the doorway was the only thing that stopped Brian from ripping Paige’s clothes off and making love to her in the middle of the kitchen. They turned their attention to the little boy.

“What are you laughing about?” Brian released Paige, and then crossed over to his son. Scooping him up in his arms, Brian tickled the little boy’s tummy. Mickey laughed with glee; a sound Brian had been longing to hear.

“Why don’t we go to the park and burn off some of this breakfast,” Paige suggested. “Then I’ll cook lunch for us. And, Mickey, if you’re a good boy, I’ll break out some chocolate chip ice cream.”

The little boy lit up like a roman candle on the Fourth of July, “Can we, Daddy, please?”

“Sure, but there’s something I need to take care of before we go." He deposited Mickey in a chair at the table. He turned to Paige and winked at her. “I’ll be right back.”

He grabbed his keys and dashed out of the house, heading for his sister’s house. When he got there, he pressed the doorbell about ten times in succession.

Gabrielle opened the door with an angry scowl on her face. “Brian, this had better be important!” she snapped.

He opened the screen door and pushed past her. “Do you remember when I asked Olivia to marry me?”

Gabrielle folded her arms across her chest. “What? I know you didn’t wake me up at nine-thirty in the morning when you know I worked late last night to ask me anything about that—that woman!”

Brian grabbed his sister’s shoulder. “Gabrielle, listen. I asked Olivia to marry me and I wanted to give her Momma’s ring, remember?”

She raised her eyebrow. “And I told you that the only way she would get that ring was if I was dead and my ashes had been spread across California. So what?”

Brian flashed her a ten thousand megawatt smile. “I need the ring,” he said.

Gabrielle rubbed her forehead and looked at him as if he were an alien.

“What for? Brian, I told you...Oh my God! You asked Paige to marry you!” She jumped up and down like a five-year-old who had got- ten a pony for her birthday.

Grasping her shoulders and gently shaking her, Brian said, “Breathe.”





She grabbed Brian’s arm and virtually pushed him on the sofa. “When did you propose? Don’t you think this is a little soon? Oh, forget it, Mickey loves her, I like her and anything is an improvement over your last wife.”

“Gabrielle!” Brian said, grabbing her hands. “Focus. I want to give her the ring tonight, all right? Go get it. And I asked her to marry me last night and this morning.”

Gabrielle let his hands go. “Why did you have to ask her twice?”

Brian told his sister how Paige was apprehensive at first because she thought he was trying to bolster his custody case, but this morning, she had said yes when she saw the truth.

“You really love her, huh?”

Brian nodded. “I do and this isn’t some high school infatuation. She’s good for me and my son.”

Gabrielle stood up and disappeared down the hall. Seconds later, she returned with a small green velvet box and placed it in Brian’s hand.

“She can have it, but if she breaks your heart, I’m taking it back,” Gabrielle said. “Along with her finger.”

Brian opened the box and looked at the three-karat oval-shaped diamond engagement ring that had belonged to his mother. It was set in white gold, with two heart-shaped stones on the side. He was glad he had never given the ring to Olivia.

Brian’s father had had the ring custom made for his wife on their tenth wedding anniversary. When they first married, Marvin Jackson had told his wife that he couldn’t give her the best of everything right then, but he would one day. He proposed without a ring, but Alice was so in love with him that material things didn’t matter to her.

She told her future husband that all she needed was his love and devotion. On their wedding day, Marvin gave her a gold wedding band that he had purchased from the pawnshop.

As the years went by, Marvin’s career as a construction worker took off and he started his own company two years before Brian was born. Marvin was a shrewd businessman and investor. When other people struggled during the 1980s under Reganonics, Marvin and his company had a nice nest egg that allowed him to expand his business to include landscaping and renting many of the homes he built.

On his tenth wedding anniversary, Marvin gave Alice the engagement ring that he thought she deserved. Alice never took the ring off, not until Marvin died of a massive heart attack. About a month later, Alice passed quietly in her sleep. Brian always said his mother had died of a broken heart.

In her will, Alice left the ring to Brian to give to the woman who would make him as happy as his father made her. At first Brian didn’t want the ring and gave it to his sister. She told him she would be happy to hold it until he met the right woman. Gabrielle had warned him at the time that he’d better follow his mother’s directions. “You know you better do what Momma said or she will come back and get you.”

“Paige deserves this. She’s the one." Gabrielle hugged her brother tightly.

“I have a better feeling about this one. And if you need me to baby- sit tonight, I’ll do it,” she said as he let her go and headed out the door.

“I’ll keep that in mind,” he replied, tucking the box into the pocket of his shorts.





CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN


After spending three hours at the park, eating ice cream, hot dogs, and potato chips, Paige and Brian were just as worn out as Mickey was, who slept in between them in Brian’s truck. Paige rested her arm around Mickey’s shoulders.

“Are you still awake over there?” Brian asked, glancing at her.

“I’m barely awake. I didn’t get much sleep last night.”


“Why was that?” he asked as he turned on to their street.


“I had a man on my mind,” she replied with a smile.

Brian raised his eyebrow in mock jealousy. “Should I be worried?”

“Yes,” Paige said as she unsnapped her seat belt when he pulled into the driveway. She scooped Mickey into her arms. His legs dangled near her waist. “You should worry about what I’m going to do to that man tonight.”

A wicked smile spread across Brian’s face. “Well, you know, I did have a little something special planned for us tonight,” he said as he walked up the steps ahead of her to unlock the door and open it for her.

Paige took Mickey to his bedroom and gently laid him on the bed, kissing his forehead before heading to the living room. Brian was sitting on the sofa flipping though the TV channels.

Paige circled her arms around his neck. “And just what do you have planned for tonight?”

Brian reached up and grabbed her arms, pulling her across the sofa and into his lap.

“You’ll have to wait and see, Miss Paige. But do me a favor and wear something sexy,” he said. “Not that you’re not looking good in those daisy dukes.”

Paige had changed into a pair of cut-off shorts and a tank top before they went to the park. Laughing, she twirled around in the middle of the floor. “Then I guess I’d better go home and change.”

“Not yet,” Brian said, planting a deep kiss on her. She lost herself in his lips. This was blissful, heavenly, and soon she was going to have him every day for the rest of her life. She pulled him closer to her, running her hand up and down his neck and felt his hardness pressing against her hip.

They fell back on the sofa. Paige wanted to rip her clothes off and make love to him on the sofa, but Mickey was in the other room and she would be mortified if he walked in and saw them. Reluctantly, she pulled back from Brian, leaping off his lap.

“Let me leave before we start a fire we can’t put out,” she said.

“Oh, I can put the fire out,” Brian said as he stood up and wrapped his arms around her waist. “But in due time.” He kissed her on the back of her neck.

Paige wiggled out of his arms and turned around to face him. “I’ll see you later.” Blowing him a kiss, she headed out the door.

The first thing Paige did when she walked inside her house was grab the phone and call Patrick. She hadn’t spoken to her friend since she leaving Nashville earlier in the summer.

“Well, if it isn’t Paige Grayson,” Patrick said when he answered the phone. “Either you’re just getting out of rehab or all is right in your world.”

“Is that your way of saying I don’t call enough?” she joked.

“Uh, yeah. Last time I talked to you, your heart was broken and you were on your way to becoming a Lifetime movie.”

Paige couldn’t help laughing. “Just shut up. Listen, I’m getting married.”

There was dead silence on the phone line. “Patrick, did you hear what I said?”

“Is this smart?” he asked. “I mean, what about his ex-wife? You thought they had gotten back together.”

“I was mistaken about that. As a matter of fact, Brian’s ex-wife is the least of my worries. She’s going to be out of his life permanently; she almost got their son killed,” Paige said.

She told Patrick all that had happened after her return to Elmore—the knockdown, drag out in her front yard, Brian’s custody case, and the fire in Atlanta.

“Wow,” Patrick said. “What a total one-eighty. So, things weren’t as bad as you made them out to be, huh?”

“No,” she said. “I kinda flew off the handle, as usual.”


Patrick laughed. “So you and this guy are the real thing?”


“I’ve never felt this way about anyone before, Patrick. I miss him when he’s not around. And I love his son just like he was my own.”

“Are you happy?” Patrick asked. “Because if you’re happy, then I’m all for it.”


Paige smiled as if Patrick were right there. “I’m happy.”


“When is the wedding and how many carats?” he asked.


“Well, I haven’t gotten a ring yet. I mean, he asked me to marry him last night and I said yes this morning.”

Patrick sighed. “Are you sure you guys aren’t moving too fast?”

“When you’re sure about a person, there’s no such thing as moving too fast,” Paige said. “Just tell me congratulations.”

“Congratulations.” Patrick said. “But he’d better not hurt you again, because if you come crawling back to Nashville again, he’s going to have problems with me.”

“I love you, Patrick,” Paige said, feeling warm that he cared about her. “You’re going to have to be my man of honor or something.”

“Yeah, so you can try and stuff me into a pink dress. I think not. But seriously, I have to come down there and have a heart-to-heart with the future Mr. Paige Grayson. Remember when you said you were going to make your husband take your name?”

Paige and Patrick broke into hysterical laughter. “That was because Professor Danford pissed me off in class that day, talking about the role of women in marriage and what not. I didn’t need to hear that 1950s mess. But you know what, I don’t think I’m going to mind being Mrs. Paige Grayson-Jackson.”

“All right, Paige,” Patrick said.

Paige and Patrick said their goodbyes and she headed for the bathroom to prepare for her date with Brian.

When he knocked on her door, Paige planned to knock his socks off. She walked into her bedroom and pulled a slinky black and white dress from the closet. The dress hit her at the knee and clung to her body, showing off her curves.

Paige ran a hot bath, sprinkling a few drops of almond oil in water. The steam from the bath was going to make her hair soft and curly. Inching into the water, immersing her shoulders, she closed her eyes and let the water swirl around her. She imagined that the lick of the water was Brian’s tongue, kissing every inch of her body. She ran her hands across her thighs, imagining that her hands were Brian’s. Then she stopped herself. If she got lost in her fantasy, she’d never be ready for their date. Wrapping herself in a plush towel, she walked into her bedroom, dried herself, smoothed cocoa butter on her supple skin and then dressed in a red satin bra and thong set.

Well, he said sexy, she thought as she put the underwear on. Paige grabbed her hair moisturizer and squeezed a dime-size amount in her hand and rubbed it through her hair, locking in her natural curl pattern and controlling the frizz.

She sprayed a mist of Estée Lauder’s Dazzling Gold on her neck and wrists, and then slipped into her slinky dress. She looked in the mirror, admiring the way the black and white dress hugged her taut breasts, high behind, flat stomach, and round hips. She looked sexy if she had to say so herself. Paige fluffed her hair before she glossed her lips with a peach-colored MAC lip-gloss. Next, she dipped her finger in a jar of facial moisturizer and rubbed it across her face to give her skin a healthy glow. The reflection staring back at her looked like a woman who was ready to move forward in love and life.

When Brian knocked on the door, it was as if Paige had been transported back to her prom night. She was excited and nervous at the same time and her heart was beating like a conga drum.

“Hi,” Paige said in a sultry voice.


“Wow,” he replied with his mouth hanging open.


“I hope this is sexy enough for you.” She spun around like a runway model.


Brian wrapped Paige up in a tight embrace, brushing his lips against her neck.


She pushed him back. “Aren’t we supposed to be going out?”

“The way you look, I don’t want anyone else looking at you.”

Paige blushed. “Oh, you’re not getting out of this.” She reached for her purse and keys. Brian walked behind her and she could feel him watching her hips sway. Paige stopped. “Enjoying the view?”


He laughed. “You know it.”


She handed him her car keys. “Why don’t we put the top down and drive wherever you’re taking me?”


Brian took the keys, unlocked the car and opened the passenger side door for Paige. She slid in the car, giving him a glimpse of her smooth legs as he closed the door. She heard him inhale sharply as he walked over to the driver’s side.

Brian got in and glanced over at Paige. “You’re so beautiful,” he said as he started the car.

“Thank you.”

He reached over and stroked her bare thigh. A tingle shot though her nervous system; making her close her eyes and will herself to regain her composure. “So where are you taking me?”

Brian didn’t answer. He drummed his fingers along the steering wheel as he drove and hummed a tune she’d never heard before.

“Brian!” she snapped.

“What?”


“Where are we going?”

“I bet you were one of those kids who tried to open Christmas presents before Christmas morning.”

Paige folded her arms across her chest and glared at him. “So what if I was?”

“Trust me, you’ll like where we’re going,” he said as he pulled into the parking lot of what looked like an abandoned business.

Paige looked at the small white building. He wanted me to get dressed up to come to this dump?

Brian opened the car door. “Wait here,” he said.

Paige watched him as he walked into the building. She’d passed this place every day, but had never stopped to sample their food. When Brian walked out with a picnic basket and a bottle of wine, Paige crossed her legs and leaned back in the leather seat. We must be going to the lake, she thought as he got into the car.

“All right, we’re off,” Brian said, as he switched the ignition on.

“And we’re going where?” she inquired.


“Patience is a virtue that you certainly don’t possess,” Brian said as he headed down the street. Paige pouted then uncrossed her legs. When she looked out the window, she realized where they were going. Brian was taking her to the park, the place where they’d had their first date. She smiled as he pulled into the parking lot.

“You do realize the last time we were here, things didn’t—”

Brian placed his finger to Paige’s lips to quiet her. “Most of the time, you never get a second chance to make a first impression. But we have a chance to start over. Tonight’s our first date.” Closing his hand around hers, he led her to a tall oak tree and then set the basket on the ground. He pulled out a red and white checkered cloth and spread it over the grass. Paige took her stiletto sandals off and sat down on the cloth as Brian spread out the food—pecan-crusted fried chicken, potato salad, crisp green salad, and chocolate- covered strawberries.

“I never knew that place had this kind of food,” Paige said as Brian poured the wine in two glasses.

“Normally they don’t. But the cook and I are close,” he said as he handed her the wine glass. “Let’s toast.”

They held up their glasses. “Here’s to good food, a beautiful woman, and the rest of our lives,” Brian said. Then they clinked their glasses together.

Paige took a sip of wine, all the while watching Brian as he set his glass down and reached into the basket again. He pulled out the green velvet box.

“I have something else I want to toast,” he said as he opened the box. The diamond ring sparkled in the moonlight.

Paige covered her mouth with her hand as she looked at the ring. “Brian, it’s beautiful.”

“It was my mother’s. The first time I got married, my sister wouldn’t let me have it and I’m glad, because you’re the one who should wear it.” Brian took the ring out of the box, grabbed her left hand and slid it on her ring finger. Paige was shocked that the ring fit her slender finger perfectly.

“See what I mean,” Brian said as he kissed her hand. “Paige Grayson, will you marry me?”

She wrapped her arms around his neck. “Of course I will,” she replied.

Brian pulled Paige into his lap and stroked her cheek. “You’ve made me the happiest man in South Carolina—not just tonight, but ever since you came into my life. I don’t know what I’d do without you.” Brian captured Paige’s lips, planting a deep, soul-shaking kiss on her. She wrapped her arms around his neck, burying her fingers in the curly hair on his neck. Paige broke off the kiss and looked up at him.

“Maybe we should pack this up and go home. I don’t want to eat now,” Paige said.

Brian smiled. “You won’t get any complaints from me on that.” They began putting the food back in the basket so that they could head home and spend the night making love.





CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT


Brian woke up in Paige’s arms. He pressed his nose against her neck and inhaled deeply as he ran his finger down the length of her leg. Paige stirred slightly, but she didn’t wake up, giving Brian a chance to continue his exploration of her body. His hand glided over her hip, up her side, down her spine. She opened her eyes and smiled at him. Brian couldn’t wait until they woke up this way every morning.

“Good morning,” he said before kissing her on the chin.


Paige moaned slightly as she stretched. “Good morning is right.”

Brian cupped her face in his hands and stared into her golden eyes. His heart swelled as she smiled up at him. He hadn’t thought his heart would ever allow another woman inside, but Paige had driven into his life and planted herself firmly in his heart.

“What?” she asked.

“I can’t wait until we make this official,” he said with a smile. “You waking up in my arms, falling asleep in my arms.”

Paige locked her fingers with his. “What time is Mickey coming back?”

Brian looked over at the clock on the nightstand. It was after little at eight A.M. “Not for hours. Why?”

Paige pounced on top of him. “Because,” she gently bit Brian’s bottom lip, “I want to practice for our honeymoon.”

“I don’t have a problem with that,” Brian said as he wrapped his massive arms around Paige, flipping her over so that he was on top.

“I love you so much.” Then he captured her lips with his, gently biting her full bottom lip. Brian used his tongue as a tool, examining the inside of her sweet mouth. He savored the taste of her.

His dick hardened as she thrust her naked body into him. Like a jigsaw puzzle, they snapped together—a perfect fit. Brian felt Paige envelop him in her warm valley. The sensation of her tightening against his cock nearly brought him to climax. Closing his eyes, he threw his head back in ecstasy as Paige locked her legs around his waist, pulling him deeper and deeper into her pool of desire. She bucked underneath him, taking every inch of his throbbing manhood.

She nearly brought him to climax again, but Brian reached down and gripped her hips to slow her down. Brian had never felt more connected with another person, never had such a soul tie with someone. What he’d thought was love with Olivia didn’t compare to what he and Paige shared. When he looked into her eyes, he knew she felt the same way he did. He didn’t have to guess how she felt.

Paige wore her emotions on her sleeve and after his relationship with Olivia, he needed that kind of woman. A woman who wasn’t afraid to speak her mind, a woman who’d let him know when she was happy, angry, or sad.

That was Paige Grayson and that was the woman he was going to marry.

Paige nibbled on Brian’s ear as he leaned in to kiss her on her neck. She touched one of his most sensitive spots and sent him over the edge. Brian exploded inside of her, collapsing on top of her. He exhaled loudly and shifted his body so that he and Paige lay spooned together on the bed. She reached back and stroked his face.

“I know you don’t want to talk about this,” Paige began. “But when do you go to court again about Mickey?”

Brian sighed. “You’re right, I don’t want to talk about that, not right now.” He ran his finger down her spine. “I haven’t heard from Gerald.”

“Maybe you should call him. The sooner you get that taken care of, the sooner we can plan our wedding,” she said. “We can’t get married in turmoil.”

“I know,” Brian said as he held her a little tighter.


“Wet blanket?”


“What?”


“Did I just throw a wet blanket on the moment?” she asked.

Brian shook his head. “We have to think about this, even if it isn’t pretty. Olivia is going to try to fight this, even after all that she did.”

“She won’t win. Mickey could’ve died because of her.”

Brian could tell she was getting emotional. He stroked her back.

“Baby, calm down,” he said. “You know what? There are three things that are important to me in my life. I’m holding one of them in my arms right now. The other two are at my parents’ house. I’m not going to let anyone take anything from me. Now, why don’t we shower and have breakfast?”

Paige turned around and smiled at him. The devilish look in her eyes told him that food was the furthest thing from her mind. She brushed her lips against his. “Why don’t we make it lunch,” she whispered.

After making love all morning, Paige and Brian finally pulled themselves out of bed and together cooked a brunch of scrambled eggs, fried chicken breasts, pan seared potatoes, and fruit salad. Brian found a leftover bottle of champagne from a past New Year’s Eve celebration. He grabbed two flutes and made mimosas. Before they ate, Brian called his sister.

“How’s Mickey?” he asked.

“He’s fine. We’re about to have some pizza. Do you and Paige want to join us or do you have other plans?”

Brian looked at Paige, who was dressed in one of his Elmore Police Department tee shirts. “Oh, I would say we have other plans,” he replied.

“All right, but I will bring Mickey home at five.”

“Thanks, sis,” Brian said.


“Did she like the ring?” Gabrielle asked.


“Loved it,” he replied. “We’ll talk later.” Brian hung up the phone and watched Paige as she set the plates on the table. The phone rang before Brian reached the table. He didn’t want to answer, but he figured it was Gabrielle or Gerald. “Yeah?”

“Brian, it’s Gerald. We have a court date,” he said.


“When?”


“Three days from now.”


“I hope the judge will have sense enough to give me sole custody this time,” he said.


“I don’t see that as a problem. Olivia really stepped in it. I tried to talk to her attorney and get him to just agree to our terms, but she wants her day in court.”

“She can have her day in court, as long as Mickey comes home with me when all is said and done,” Brian growled.

“I’m sure that’ll be the case this time. I have to call the Atlanta Police Department and see if I can get a copy of the police report. I need to see you in my office first thing in the morning so that we can go over a few things,” he said.

“I’ll see you then,” Brian said and hung up. Paige looked up at him.

“Was that about Mickey?” she asked.

He nodded and sat down at the table across from her. “Olivia is still trying to cling to custody after she nearly killed my son. It’s amazing he didn’t end up in child protective services.” Brian banged his hand against the table. “I don’t get her.”

Paige placed her hand over Brian’s. “There isn’t anything you can do about Olivia, all you can do is love and protect Mickey. And I’ve got your back. We’re not going to let her take that little boy away from us.”

Brian smiled brightly. Hearing Paige talk about Mickey as if he were her son too was heartening. He lifted her hand to his lips and kissed it.

“Thank you,” he said.

Paige decided to go home after they ate, so that she could do some laundry before she, Brian, and Mickey met for dinner. She planned to cook meatloaf, cabbage, and macaroni and cheese. For dessert, she was going to try her hand at baking a chocolate cake.

When she and Brian got married, Paige was going to make sure to have a Sunday dinner for her family, just like TV. She smiled as she walked through the door of her home, fantasizing about walking into her home after work. Mickey and Brian would have prepared dinner for her and have the table set. Since she’d be late, she would have to bring their favorite ice cream as a peace offering. Before they ate dinner, she and Brian would help Mickey with his homework. Then they would sit down to a nice family dinner.

And after Mickey went to bed, she and Brian would work on giving him a little sister or a little brother.

Paige knew their marriage wasn’t going to be easy. Olivia would rear her ugly head at some point and try to cause problems, but she wasn’t going to let that woman stop her from being in love. She’d had her chance to be Brian’s wife and she’d blown it. Finally, Paige was secure in Brian’s love and knew there was nothing Olivia could do to come between them. But she was going to have to be cordial to the woman because she was Mickey’s mother. Paige knew the importance of a child having both parents in his life. She often wondered what her life would have been like if she had her father in her life. Maybe she wouldn’t have been so angry as a child.

Maybe she wouldn’t have carried a chip on her shoulder for so long if she had known that her father actually cared about her.

Paige shook the thoughts of her childhood out of her head as she began loading her laundry into the washing machine. Mickey was lucky, she surmised. He had what Paige considered a perfect father.

Brian would do anything for his little boy and made no apologies for loving his son. The last thing she wanted to see happen was for Olivia to get another chance to take that little boy away.

I know Brian loves me and if we get married before his court case, that won’t change how he feels about me. It will just change how he looks to the judge, she thought as she absentmindedly dumped washing powder in the machine. Paige made up her mind— she and Brian were going to get married sooner rather than later.





CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE


Mickey ran up the front steps of his house into Brian’s arms. “Daddy,” he exclaimed as they embraced.

“Hey, champ, guess who’s inside cooking us dinner?”


Mickey smiled and said, “Miss Paige!!”


Brian nodded, then looked at his sister. “Gabrielle, why don’t you join us for dinner?”


“I think I will, so I can check out sister girl’s cooking skills,” she said as she closed her car door. Gabrielle walked up the steps and poked Brian in the stomach. “I can see she’s been feeding you well.”

Brian held his stomach in slightly as he ushered her inside. “Whatever. Paige, Gabrielle is joining us.”

She emerged from the kitchen wearing a white apron over her jean skirt and tank top. A sprinkling of flour dotted her bare feet. “Cool, because I think I may have overdone it,” she said.

Gabrielle smiled as she spotted the engagement ring. “You wear the ring well,” she said. “I’m glad Brian gave it to you.”

Paige blushed. “Thanks. Why don’t I get you something to drink?” She turned toward the kitchen.

Gabrielle pressed her elbow into Brian’s rib cage. “The other one never offered me a glass of water the entire time you were married,” she said in a hushed whisper.

Brian pinched Gabrielle on the arm. “Don’t start.”

Moments later, the family was seated at the dinner table, ready to feast on meatloaf, steamed cabbage seasoned with smoked turkey, macaroni and cheese, and dinner rolls. The adults were drinking iced tea with mint and Mickey had a big glass of milk.

“Paige, is this going to be a weekly thing? Because I can get used to it,” Gabrielle said as she piled her plate with food.

“Well, I hope it will be.” She glanced over at Brian.

They’d decided to tell Mickey over dinner that they were getting married. Brian nodded as if he could read Paige’s mind. It was time.

“Champ,” Brian began. “Miss Paige and I have something to tell you.”

Mickey looked from Paige to Brian. “It’s more like I have something to ask you.”

Gabrielle smiled as she looked at them. Paige reached out and grabbed Mickey’s hand.

“Would it be okay if I married you and your dad?” she asked sweetly.

Mickey pulled his hand from Paige’s grip. “No!” the little boy shouted. “If you marry us, you might get a divorce and leave us too!”

Brian rushed to Mickey’s chair. “No, son, that’s not going to happen. Paige and I love each other very much and we love you too.”

Mickey focused his doe-shaped eyes on his father. “But you said you loved Mommy too and you still got a divorce.”

“That’s because your mother was a bi...” Gabrielle mumbled.

“Gabrielle, you’re not helping,” Brian hissed. Turning back to Mickey, he kissed his son on the cheek. “Mickey, Paige, and I are going to be together forever.”

“That’s right,” Paige said. “Sometimes, adults don’t know what they really need until it speeds down the road at them. And your mother will still be a part of your life. So, you’ll have two mommies now.”

The little boy nodded and looked at Paige. “Do you promise you won’t leave us?”

Paige crossed her chest with her index finger. “I cross my heart.” She walked over to him and kissed him on the forehead. “And you know what, we should all go to the beach tomorrow.”

Brian looked at her as if she were speaking Spanish. “What?” he asked.

Paige stood up and smiled nervously. “We should get married, tomorrow, before you go back court.”

Brian was taken aback by her suggestion. “Paige, we need to talk about this later,” he said.

“No,” she replied. “Brian, I know you love me and it doesn’t matter if we get married now or six months from now.”

Brian forced a smile and took Paige into his arms. “I know why you’re doing this,” he whispered as he held her. “I’m not going to let you do it.”

She kissed him on the cheek. “Try and stop me.”


Mickey clasped his hands together. “I want to go to the beach!”

Brian and Paige broke off their embrace. “We’ll see,” he said.

“Let’s just finish dinner.” As they ate, Brian and Paige exchanged glances. He wondered what she was thinking. If he knew anything about women, he knew that their wedding day was important to them. He couldn’t rob Paige of a white dress topped with tiara and her friends standing around watching her say ‘I do.’

Despite the fact that Brian would do anything to keep his son, he wasn’t going to do it at Paige’s expense.

After dinner, Brian and Paige cleaned the kitchen while Gabrielle and Mickey watched the Cartoon Network.

“So, are we getting married tomorrow or what?” Paige asked as she dipped her hands into the soapy water.

Brian shut the water off and looked at her. “No, we’re not. I appreciate what you’re trying to do, but Paige, you’re never getting married again.”

“Excuse me?” she replied with a smile.

Brian returned her smile. “When I put the wedding band on your finger, I’m not going to let you take it off. And I’m not going to let the most important day in your life be used in my custody case at all.”

“Brian, I don’t need all the frills of a big wedding. Besides, the only person that I would invite would be Patrick.”

He raised his eyebrow at her as if to say, Yeah, right.

Paige continued. “Besides, it doesn’t matter if the wedding is big or small, now, or later. We still love each other.”

Brian dried his hands. “And that’s why our expression of that love is going to be more than a quick run to the justice of the peace.” He cupped her chin and kissed her lips gently.

“Brian, you and I both know that if you go to court with a Mrs. Brian Jackson, the judge will look more favorably at you getting full custody of Mickey.”

Brian folded his arms across his chest. “Paige, Olivia left Mickey alone in her house and he could’ve died. I don’t think any judge is going deny my custody request. And, didn’t we have it out because you thought I asked you to marry me to strengthen my custody case?”

“And I was wrong to doubt your love, but Brian I don’t want to lose Mickey either,” she said.

Brian’s heart melted, but he didn’t change his mind. He was not going to let Paige be a pawn in his battle with Olivia. “We’re not eloping, so call your best friend and start planning our wedding,” he said as he let her go.

Paige rolled her eyes and went back to washing dishes. “Well,” she said moments later. “We should take Mickey to the beach. It would be a nice cap to the summer for him.”

“All right, I’ll agree to that,” Brian replied. “One piece or a string bikini?”

“What?” Paige furrowed her eyebrows.


“Which suit do you have?”


She rinsed her hands off and dried them on a dishtowel before turning to him with a wily smile on her face. “You’ll just have to wait and see.”

Brian lifted Paige off her feet, spinning her around. “Woman, you drive me crazy and turn me on and love me and my son. I’m crazy about you, Paige Grayson.”

She took his face in her hands, caressing his cheeks. “I love you, Brian.”

Gabrielle burst into the kitchen. “Excuse me,” she said. “Brian, that woman just pulled up in the driveway.”

Brian lowered Paige and looked at his sister. “You mean Olivia?’

“Yeah, I thought I saw crows flying around out there,” Gabrielle snipped.

When Brian and Paige walked into the living room, Olivia was standing at the front door, waving at Mickey. He waved back at her, but Brian could tell his son wasn’t too happy to see his mother. “Hey, champ, why don’t you go into your room and let me talk to Mommy. Then you can visit with her, if you want too.”

Mickey nodded and headed down the hall with no argument. Brian headed outside, not wanting to let Olivia into the house. He knew she and Gabrielle would argue and there would be no telling how she would react when she found out that he had asked Paige to marry him. The last thing Brian wanted was for Mickey to hear a bunch of arguing.

“What are you doing here?” he asked.

“Brian, please don’t do this.” Olivia’s eyes watered over with tears. “What happened in Atlanta was a mistake that will never happen again. Please don’t take my son away from me.”

“You have the gall to come her and try to plead your case when because of you Mickey almost died and will be scared for life? Are you on drugs? I don’t know what’s going on with you.”

She turned her back to him. “I-I don’t know. I went out there looking for something and it was here all the time. I should’ve stayed home with you and Mickey. We just got married so young and I felt like I gave up something and I wanted to get it back.”

Brian smirked. “So, you’re Dorothy in the land of Oz now? This isn’t your home anymore. Mickey will always be your son and I won’t stand in the way of your relationship with him. But until he’s old enough to take care of himself, you won’t be left alone with him.” Brian touched Olivia on the shoulder, forcing her to turn around to look at him. “If you really love Mickey and if you ever cared about me, you’ll stop fighting me on this and just let him stay here. Any time you come down here, you can see him, under my supervision. I don’t want this to get nastier than it has to be. Just know that when it comes to protecting my son, I will do what I have to do.”

Olivia seemed to tremble as she cried. “Brian, I will never get over the fact that I almost killed my son. But you have to at least try and understand.”

“No, I don’t,” he exploded. “You left me, you came back and saw I wasn’t sitting in the dark pining for you, and you tried to use my son to get even with me. What I understand is I gave my heart to the wrong woman when I was a teenager. I don’t care why you did what you did. I don’t care if you want to make it up to me somehow. I just want you to get some help. Find out why you can’t put the needs of you son above your own selfish desires.”

“I knew this was a mistake,” she hissed. “I just can’t do anything right, can I? Brian, I’d like to see my son now.”

“If he wants to see you, then fine. But I won’t force you on him. Mickey is hurting physically and mentally and it’s because of you. So don’t come in here making demands to see my son.”

She pushed Brian in the chest. “You will not keep my son from me!”

“Why are you acting as if you care now? Did you care about him when you left him alone in that house? Did you care when you let your mother feed him shrimp? I don’t want to hear this bull about you caring for your son when you know the only reason you want to press this issue is because of Paige.”

Olivia glared at Brian. “You think I’m that shallow? I love my son,” she said. “He needs me in his life and you can’t deny that.”

“Mickey needs a responsible mother and right now that isn’t you. If you want to fight me on this, fine, let’s fight. But Mickey won’t be hurt,” he said as he turned to head inside the house.

Olivia followed him inside, pushing Brian out of the way and dashing down the hall to Mickey’s room. He didn’t follow her, because he didn’t want to fight with her in front of Mickey. When Gabrielle started down the hall, Brian grabbed her arm.

“Don’t,” he whispered.

“Who in the hell does she think she is? Barging in here as if she has a right to be here.”

Brian looked at Paige, who looked as if she wanted to rush down the hall herself.

“Olivia is still his mother and as long as they’re in the house, I don’t have much of a problem with her seeing him. But she will never take my son out of the city limits again,” Brian said, keeping his eye on Mickey’s bedroom.





Paige watched as Mickey and Olivia walked into the living room. “Can Mommy stay for a little while?” Mickey asked.

Gabrielle huffed and stomped into the kitchen. When Olivia glanced at her, Paige stood up. “Olivia, there are some leftovers if you want something to eat,” she said. Brian looked at her in disbelief. Paige herself felt as if she were having an out of body experience. She didn’t want Olivia to stay, but obviously Mickey did.

“No, thanks,” Olivia replied.

Mickey pulled on her hand. “Guess what, Mommy! Miss Paige is going to marry us.”

Olivia blanched and Paige smiled inwardly. “Brian, you didn’t tell me your news.”

“It’s really none of your business,” he said in a deep growl. “But if you must know, Paige and I are getting married.”

Paige waved her left hand in Olivia’s face.

She turned her nose up at the ring. “Isn’t this convenient,” Olivia said snidely. “Ready made family. Just add Paige and stir.”

“You need to leave,” Brian said. “Mickey, kiss your mother.”

Paige looked at Mickey as he hugged Olivia. “Why don’t I walk you to your car?” Paige said.

“I don’t need you to walk me anywhere.”


Paige glowered at her. “It would make me feel better.”


The two women exchanged heated glances before walking outside. Once they stepped off the porch, Paige turned to Olivia.

“Haven’t you caused Mickey to suffer enough?”

“Oh, you don’t want to go there with me. You may be living in my house, sleeping with my husband, and trying to fill my shoes, but I gave birth to that boy.”

“Then why don’t you act like it? Olivia, I love Mickey and I know I’m not his mother, but I won’t let you hurt him again,” Paige said. “Why don’t you slither back into the hole you crawled out of and stop harassing this family, my family?”

Olivia sucked her teeth and rolled her eyes. “Let’s get one thing straight. Brian, and Mickey will always be my family. You’re just picking up my sloppy seconds.” Olivia hopped into her car and tore out the driveway.

Paige turned around and saw Brian standing on the porch. “I didn’t pummel her, even if she does deserve a swift kick in the rear.”

Wrapping his arms around Paige, he led her back into the house.





CHAPTER THIRTY


Days after Olivia showed up at Brian’s house, they were back in court. Judge White didn’t seem too happy to see them again.

“I’m getting pretty tired of seeing these same faces in my courtroom,” he said as he looked up from the docket in front of him. “I thought we had this matter of Brian Jackson Jr.’s custody settled.”

Gerald stood up, caressing his suspenders. “Your Honor,” he began. “In light of recent events, we have reason to believe that Brian Jr. isn’t safe with his mother. May I approach?”

The judge nodded. Gerald handed him a copy of the Atlanta Police Department’s report about the fire and Olivia’s arrest.

“The former Mrs. Jackson left a five-year-old alone in a house with candles burning. There was a fire and the little boy could have died. She has proven that the only way she should be allowed to see her son is under supervision.”

The judge reviewed the documents as Gerald walked back to his table. Judge White frowned as he read the report.

“Mrs. Jackson,” he said. “What’s the meaning of this?”


Her lawyer stood up. “Your Honor,” Kittle said.


Judge White threw up his hand, cutting the man off before he could go any further. “I don’t want to hear from you. I asked Mrs. Jackson a question.”

Olivia dropped her head and wrung her hands. “I made a bad decision,” she said.

The judge huffed. “A bad decision is getting a bowl haircut. Leaving a child alone is neglect. I try to keep families together, but you leave me no is granted. You will have limited visitation at Mr. Jackson’s discretion. The child will not be left in your custody without supervision.”

“Your Honor, please don’t do this to me!” Olivia exclaimed.

Judge White banged his gavel. “You did this to yourself. Next case.”

Brian stood up and shook Gerald’s hand. He looked over at Olivia who had her head buried in her hands. Her shoulders shook as she sobbed. Brian felt sorry for her, because in some deep recess of his heart, he cared for Olivia. After all, she was the mother of his child. He walked over to her and tapped her on the shoulder.

Olivia looked up at him, her eyes glassy with unshed tears. “Come to gloat?” she asked.

“I came to ask you if you want to see our son before you go back to Atlanta,” he said.

Wiping her eyes and nodding, Olivia sighed. “Thank you, Brian. I do want to see Mickey. I need to apologize to him.”

“Why don’t we take Mickey out to get something to eat?”


Olivia stood up. “Will that woman be there?”


Brian folded his arms across his chest. “Paige is a part of our lives now. So more than likely she will be with us. Paige and I are getting married. Just remember, you walked out on me.”

“And I tried to walk in again and you wouldn’t let me. Now this woman is taking over my old life.”

Brian shook his head and walked away. She’s like a brick wall, he thought as he walked out of the courthouse.

When Brian arrived home, Paige and Mickey were on the porch looking like a Norman Rockwell painting. He was sitting beside her while they read together. For a moment, Brian just sat in the truck looking at them. The scene was so peaceful and serene. She was the stability in his life that he needed after the turmoil Olivia had caused.

Brian knew that he couldn’t have a better wife. Most women would not have taken to Mickey the way Paige had. Most women definitely wouldn’t have put up with Olivia’s drama.

But Paige wasn’t most women. She was an extraordinary woman who had a heart the size of Texas. Sometimes people came into a person’s life at the right time. He knew her presence in his life was one of those instances. Just when he had sworn off women and decided that he would never allow another woman to enter his heart, she had zoomed into his life. Brian didn’t know what he would do without her. He couldn’t imagine not having her around him. Paige was his port in the storm. With a feeling of contentment, Brian got out of the truck and walked over to them.

“Daddy!” Mickey exclaimed as he leapt from Paige’s lap. Brian wrapped him up in his arms.

“Hey, champ,” he said as he watched Paige stand up and walk over to them. She placed her hand on Brian’s shoulder.

“How did everything go?”

Brian smiled and kissed her on the cheek. “Like clockwork,” he replied with a smile. “Mickey, run inside and get washed up. We’re going to McDonald’s so Mommy can say goodbye.”

Mickey nodded and headed inside. Brian turned to Paige who was full of questions.

“So, you’re going to let her see him?” she asked.

“As long as it’s supervised. I don’t know what’s going on with Olivia, but I can’t deny that she’s his mother. She’s going back to Atlanta and Mickey needs to see her.”

Paige nodded. “You’re right. I guess this is the best way to make sure she doesn’t just go off and leave him again.” She reached out and stroked his cheek. “You’re extremely generous with your ex-wife.”

“He loves his mother and I think she loves him even though it’s been nothing but drama lately.”

“That’s really big-hearted of you, Brian. I’m sure Mickey will appreciate seeing his mother again.”

“You’re coming with us, too.”

Paige shook her head. “My presence will only make a tense situation even worse.”

“But you’re a part of this family now,” he said.

“And when she comes to visit in the future, I’ll be there, but this is a moment that Olivia and Mickey need to have without me,” she said. Brian kissed Paige on the forehead. “We should be back by four-thirty or so.” She nodded and headed inside. Brian walked behind her, watching her hips sway. Paige oozed sensuality just doing everyday things. Unable to resist being so close to her without touching her, he lifted her into his arms and planted a passionate kiss on her. He buried his fingers in her wild hair as he held her. Paige placed her hand on his chest, pushing back from him.

“Kiss me like that again and you won’t be making it to McDonald’s,” she said breathlessly.

The thump of Mickey’s feet down the hall stopped Brian from replying.

“I’m ready!” Mickey said imitating the cartoon character SpongeBob Squarepants.

Brian let Paige go and smiled at his son. “Let’s go, then,” he said. Mickey looked up at Paige. “Are you coming too?” he asked.


She shook her head no. “I’ll see you at dinner,” she said before kneeling down and kissing him on the cheek. The three of them headed out the door together. Brian pinched

Paige on the behind as he and Mickey skipped to the truck. He couldn’t be any happier than he was at that moment.





CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE


Olivia waved to Brian and Mickey as they walked over to the McDonald’s play land area.

“Mommy,” Mickey said, rushing into her arms. She hugged him tightly and visibly fought back tears.

Olivia turned to Brian as she wiped her eyes with the back of her hand.

“Olivia,” he said flatly.


“Thank you for bringing him to see me.”


They sat down at a wooden picnic table. “Mommy, do you have to go back to Atlanta?” Mickey asked.


She nodded her head. “My job is there. Maybe one day you and your daddy will come visit me again.”


Brian clinched his jaw. He wasn’t ready to think that far ahead.

Olivia would have to prove herself over the next few months before Brian would even consider visiting her again.

“Mickey,” Brian said as he reached for his wallet. “Why don’t you go inside and order a Happy Meal.”

The little boy smiled broadly as he took the five dollar bill from his father. When he was inside the restaurant, Brian turned to Olivia.

“I want to be civil to you when it comes to Mickey.”


“I appreciate that.”


“But there are going to be ground rules. You’re going to have to respect Paige. She’s going to be my wife.”


Olivia rolled her eyes. “Fine.”


“I mean it. And let’s be honest. Our marriage was over long before you left.”

“I know,” she replied. “I guess I was jealous of you. I mean, you’d made a name for yourself and there I was just a housewife with my mother telling me that I was destined for more than just being your wife. After hearing her in my ear for so long, I bought into it. That’s no excuse for anything that happened, but that’s the truth.”

“And you never thought of talking about this with me years ago?”

Olivia shrugged her shoulder. “I don’t know, I resented you and I didn’t think you would listen.”

“Have I ever...Never mind, that’s water under the bridge.”

Mickey returned to the play area with his Happy Meal, interrupting Brian and Olivia’s conversation.

About an hour later, Mickey and Brian walked Olivia to her car. The little boy reached out to hug his mother.

“Mickey, I’m so sorry,” Olivia said. “I’m sorry about everything that happened, but I love you.”

“I love you too,” he replied.

She turned to Brian. “I’ll call you next week to talk about visitation.”

He nodded and placed his arm across Mickey’s chest. They watched as Olivia drove away and for the first time since the divorce and custody hearings, Brian felt as if everything would be all right.

“You ready to go home?”

The little boy nodded and they headed to the truck and home to Paige.





Paige paced back and forth on her front porch waiting for Brian to return. In her heart, she knew Olivia had done something to upset Mickey.

I just wish she would leave and never come back. Maybe I should have gone to McDonald’s with them.

Paige perched herself on the edge of porch, swinging her legs back and forth. She hated waiting. Seconds later, Brian pulled into his yard. Mickey leapt from the truck and ran across the street into Paige’s arms.

“Hey, darling,” she said as she hugged him. She looked over Mickey’s shoulder at Brian. “How did everything turn out?”

“Surprisingly well,” Brian replied.

Mickey pulled at his dad’s pant leg. “Can I go inside and watch cartoons?”

“Sure,” Brian said. “Care to join us?”

Paige immediately obliged and they headed across the street to Brian’s house. Once the trio was inside, Mickey parked himself on the sofa and Paige and Brian went into the kitchen to talk.

“Olivia’s gone?” she asked.

“Yeah. We talked about what went wrong between us and how we got to this point.”

Paige held her breath, praying that the next words that came out of Brian’s mouth weren’t that he and Olivia were going to try their marriage again.

“I told her that I want a civil relationship with her because of Mickey, but she’s going to have to respect the fact that you’re going to be my wife and a part of my life.”

“I’m sure that didn’t go over well.”

“I don’t know if it was because Mickey was there or not, but Olivia actually did handle everything well. All I know is, you and I have a future to look forward to and Olivia isn’t going to be a problem for us anymore.”

Paige flung herself into his arms and hugged him tightly. God, please let him be right.





EPILOGUE


Two weeks later, Brian, Paige, Mickey, Gabrielle and Patrick were in Myrtle Beach waiting for Paige and Brian to become husband and wife. What a way to end the summer, by embarking on a new life, Brian thought as he counted down the minutes until Paige would be his.

He and Paige were in separate rooms at Kingston Plantation.

Brian looked up at the clock on the wall in his room for the fifth time in five minutes. He and Mickey needed to get ready.

“Champ, are you done in the bathroom?” Brian hadn’t been nervous when he married Olivia, but something about this wedding was different, magical.

Patrick placed his hand on Brian’s shoulder. “You still have time to run, my brother,” he joked.

“Not on your life,” Brian replied. He and Patrick had been slow to warm to each other during the planning of the wedding, but now they had formed a tentative friendship.

When Brian first contacted Patrick about marrying Paige, Patrick had told him that if he hurt his friend again he was going to have to deal with him.

“You two are rushing into this marriage and I don’t think I can stand by and support this mistake,” Patrick had said.

“This isn’t a mistake.”

“Brian, you didn’t see Paige when she came to Nashville earlier this summer. You had her twisted because she didn’t know if you were going back to your ex-wife. And I’m not convinced that you’re not going to wake up tomorrow and go back to her for the sake of your son.”

Though Brian had understood Patrick’s apprehension, he hadn’t appreciated his attitude.

“Look, man, I love Paige. What happened before was a misunderstanding. She got over it. Why can’t you?” Brian had complained.

“Maybe I need to come down there and see how things are for myself,” Patrick had said.

Sure enough he came and the moment he saw Paige and Brian together, he’d known they were meant to be.

He was pleased that he was going to be a part of the ceremony today, which would unite his best friend with the perfect man for her. Mickey walked out of the bathroom, dressed in khaki shorts and a Hawaiian shirt, looking like a mirror image of his father. Brian buttoned the last button on Mickey’s shirt and then smoothed his son’s shorts.

Standing up, he said, “All right, I think we look good.” Mickey nodded.

“Paige is going to be proud,” Patrick said as he adjusted his own Hawaiian shirt on his broad shoulders.

Brian kneeled down in front of his son and placed his hand on Mickey’s shoulder. “You know what your job is, right?”

The little boy nodded. “When the preacher asks for the ring, I give it to you, right?”

Brian nodded, then kissed his son on the cheek. Glancing down at his watch, Brian sighed. It’s almost time to make Paige mine.





A light tapping on the door jolted Paige awake. She had dozed off while waiting for Gabrielle. Quickly, she opened the door and Gabrielle walked in.

“It’s about that time. Have you gotten the dress back from the cleaners?” she asked, breezing through the room.

“You’re not having second thoughts, are you?”

“Not on your life,” Paige replied. “It’s just, God, I’m so nervous. I keep waiting for Olivia to jump out of a corner and bring everything to a halt.”

“That’s not going to happen because I would bury her deep inside a sand dune if she tried anything. Think happy thoughts.”

Paige took a deep breath. “I’m thinking happy thoughts.”

“Good,” Gabrielle said and walked into the bathroom to get the dress, which was a vintage white sundress that she and Paige had found on a shopping trip to Columbia.

Paige had grown to love Gabrielle like she was her blood sister. They shopped together and spoiled Mickey together. Sometimes they’d gain up on Brian about things —especially when it came to ice cream. Paige had been able to find a friend in Gabrielle who she hadn’t expected.

Crossing over to the mirror on the closet, she looked at her reflection. The woman staring back at her was ready to get married. Her golden eyes were filled with happiness and they sparkled with excitement. She ran her fingers through her wavy hair and smiled. Today was her wedding day.

Gabrielle laid the dress on the bed and removed the plastic covering. “Are you ready to put this on?” she asked.

Paige inhaled sharply as she nodded. She picked the dress up and unzipped it, then in one fluid motion stepped into it. Gabrielle zipped the back and then spun Paige around to see her full reflection.

“You look beautiful. Do you need help with your makeup or anything?”

“I’m fine. You just go and get dressed,” Paige said, needing a few minutes alone to get herself prepared emotionally.

Just as the sun began to set, Paige emerged from the hotel dressed in the white sundress. She had a yellow rose tucked behind her ear. The setting sun cast a glow around her. Brian and Paige locked eyes as she looked to where he, Patrick, Mickey, and Gabrielle were standing. The minister stood in the center of the group with his back to the ocean. The rolling blue water crashed against the shore, turning the brown sand grey.

Slowly, she walked across the sand toward Brian. Each step brought her closer and closer to the man she loved, to the little boy that she would love as her own and to unyielding happiness.

When she reached him, he grabbed her hand and kissed it. “Beautiful,” he whispered.

Heat rose to her cheeks under his compliment. Brian had called her beautiful before, but today it seemed more special. More meaningful.

“Dearly beloved,” the minister began, “we’re gathered here today to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony.”

Paige looked into Brian’s eyes and tears spilled down her cheeks as the minister continued his service. She stroked Brian’s cheek as the minister asked her to repeat the words after him.

“I promise to honor, cherish, and love Brian Jackson with all my heart,” she said. “I will forsake all others and keep only unto him.”

The minister turned to Mickey and smiled. “Young man, the ring, please.”

Mickey pulled the gold band from his pocket and handed it to the minister with a smile on his face. The minister handed the ring to Brian. “Now repeat after me,” the reverend said. “With this ring, I thee wed.”

Looking into Paige’s eyes, Brian smiled, slipped the ring on her finger and said, “With this ring, I thee wed.”

Then he asked Patrick, Paige’s man of honor, for the ring. He took it and handed it to Paige and gave her the same instructions he’d given Brian.

“With this ring, I thee wed.” Her voice wavered with emotion and tears slid down her cheeks as she slipped the ring on his finger.

Before the minister could say, “You may kiss the bride,” Brian had already taken Paige into his massive arms and kissed her long, hard, and deep. Gabrielle and Mickey applauded as Brian lifted his new bride into his arms.





