Table of Contents

Dedication

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty-One

Chapter Twenty-Two

Chapter Twenty-Three

Epilogue

Acknowledgments

About the Author

Discover more Amara titles… When a Lady Desires a Wicked Lord

On Highland Time

A Perilous Passion

To Love a Scandalous Duke





This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

Copyright © 2018 by Vanessa Riley. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce, distribute, or transmit in any form or by any means. For information regarding subsidiary rights, please contact the Publisher.

Entangled Publishing, LLC

2614 South Timberline Road

Suite 105, PMB 159

Fort Collins, CO 80525

rights@entangledpublishing.com

Amara is an imprint of Entangled Publishing, LLC.

Edited by Erin Molta

Cover design by Kanaxa Designs

Cover art from Taria Reed/The Reed Files and Shutterstock

ISBN 978-1-64063-562-3

Manufactured in the United States of America

First Edition May 2018





Ellen, this is your fangirl book.

Hopefully, someday, you and John Oliver will meet, but don’t marry him.





Chapter One

March 18, 1820, London, England

Ester Croome sank into the hammered copper tub and let the warm, sudsy water soak her skin, kissing her in her favorite lilac scent. A copy of the Morning Post sat on the floor of the bathing room with big, wet fingerprints atop her friend’s advertisement for a marriage of convenience and a brutal review of her favorite actor, Arthur Bex.

“Miss Croome,” Mrs. Fitterwall, the family’s Irish housekeeper, said as she entered the bathing room with a silver pitcher high in her hands. “You must be part fish.”

Bashful, even to another woman, Ester ducked into the suds until just her neck showed. “You should knock, Mrs. Fitterwall.”

“I’ve been working here five years, and you’re still a shy one, Miss Croome, but you can’t lay about in the tub all morn. You’ve an appointment in town and then must come back and get ready for the party. No dawdling for a Croome.”

The woman glanced at the walls. “Your mother has only a few more things to restore and then everything will be done at Nineteen Fournier.”

Only an Olympian acanthus leaf indention in the molding needed fixing in the salmon-pink room. Her mother had three passions: Nineteen Fournier, newspapers, and knitting. Poor Mama. She needed something to be happy about.

“Come on, Miss Croome. I must rinse you off. Is that your mother’s Morning Post? She’ll be looking for it.”

Ester didn’t reply as the woman carefully poured the pitcher over her. It wasn’t time to wash her hair, and tender-headed Ester was grateful, but a splash too much of water would reduce her braided chignon to frizzy tangles. Wet Blackamoor hair could be unruly. At least Ester’s curls were.

“Don’t you fret. Not a drop of water will dampen your head. Your Mama’s big party is tonight. Five years in this house. You must look your best.” Mrs. Fitterwall gathered a robe and readied a fresh towel.

Ester unfolded her arms from about her bosom, a touch too large for her small height, stepped into the soft cotton, winding it tightly about her, then she dove into the robe the woman held out.

“The way you carry on, you’d think you hated baths.” The woman chuckled, but Ester didn’t think it funny. She was shy and small, but in her heart roared a lion. Someday she’d find the strength to show the world.

“I’ll send the maid to your room to help you dress.” She scooped up the paper and shook it as Ester rubbed lotion on to her hands. “And hurry. I think your father’s discussing your birthday.” The woman winked at her. “If you’re quick, you might find out what big surprise he has for you.”

But Ester was unmoved.

Papa always made a big to-do out of birthdays and holidays, but things hadn’t been right between them for a while. With a sigh, she offered Mrs. Fitterwall a small smile, then dashed to her room to dress.

In her closet, she flipped past the bright hues to her silver-gray gown, perfect for the outside world still in mourning for the king. Upon laying out the dress, she bathed once again in lotion, making sure to cover her elbows and knees. Mama said the ash on her skin could be so bad it would cut her stockings to ribbons.

She finished in time for the maid to come in and help. Once laced and properly corseted over her chemise, she slipped into her day dress then covered up in a dark spencer jacket and her favorite coral and pearl necklace. Pleased that she looked presentable, she fought the frilly lace covering her canopy bed to recover her sketchbook. Her friend, Frederica Burghley, would love this wedding gown. Oh, please let the man she’s corresponding with be the one.

Bouncing down one set of stairs and then the last, she heard her father’s deep voice. Remembering Mrs. Fitterwall’s hint about a birthday surprise, Ester slowed her steps in the hall outside his study and listened.

“Ester will marry on her birthday.”

The world stopped turning. Papa’s voice. His awful deal-making voice.

Unless the great actor, Arthur Bex, sat inside Papa’s study, Ester was doomed.

“My daughter will be so pleased—an April wedding. Your son is getting a diamond.”

Papa’s commanding tone stole her breath, made Ester crumple to the floor.

Almost sitting on her beloved sketches, she steadied herself against the creamy canary yellow walls.

This was a mistake.

That’s what it had to be. No arranged marriage for her, but something of her own choosing.

As the Croome wealth had grown, she’d become used to more extravagant presents—silver slippers, her coral necklace with a pearl, but not a man. Craning her ear, she heard Papa confirm his foul agreement, “Ester will be a good match for him.”

Who was the “him”?

Scooping up her sketchbook, she stood as Father’s thunderous laugh bellowed down the hall. No names had been offered. No voices other than Papa’s could she discern. To whom had he promised her?

Fear and curiosity twisted about her neck like the jewelry she wore. She looped the heavy cord of beads about her pinkie and waited. Truth, even a horrible one, always came out, like Papa’s affair.

“Yes, getting married to a respectable young man is all she talks about,” he said.

Her sketchbook dropped again, slipping from the crook of her arm to the floor with a splat. She froze. Papa’s study was several feet away, opposite Mama’s parlor. Either could hear her, demand her time, further ruining her already ruined day, but worse, make her miss her appointment and let Frederica down. Her friend counted on her. It would hurt her heart too much to disappoint her.

But how could she leave and not know more of Papa’s deal-making?

So Ester waited, clutching the milk-white trim at her back, her nails sinking into the raised plaster fleur-de-lis rimming the hall of the family’s Cheapside townhome. It wasn’t Cheapside proper, but as close as Father could move them. Croome money wasn’t enough to erase the limitations of Papa’s dark hands.

“Yes. My son, Charles will be pleased, too.” The second voice was masculine, but lighter, without an ounce of richness or gravitas, just pure smugness. “He’ll ask her tonight.”

Mama’s party was tonight.

Mother’s special celebration to honor Nineteen Fournier was turning into an engagement party. Ester scratched her brow, resettled her trim gray bonnet over her thick locks. There was only one of Papa’s business partners with a son named Charles. Could it be Charles Jordan? She shuddered at the notion of marrying the known womanizer. No. This engagement couldn’t happen, not at Mama’s party. Not ever.

Heart pounding like it would break free of her ribs, she risked it flopping out from her stays and bent to pick up her treasured book. She tugged the worn spine to her bosom like it was a shield and covered her soul. She was one month from one and twenty and hadn’t considered marrying. Not seriously. She’d been more involved in helping her friend Frederica craft a newspaper advertisement for a husband. That girl needed a good situation in the worst way and was to meet her first serious candidate today, with Ester as chaperone.

There was hope. One always had to have hope. The Croomes had been blessed by hope. How else could the family business grow without it? How else could they have come up from living above a warehouse to having a home? How else could they have taken this rundown place and made it bloom into a fashion plate?

Maybe Ester could hope to change his mind. Papa was reasonable, and until Christmas last year they’d had a perfect, doting relationship. Clenching her fingers in and out, she hesitated then tapped on Papa’s door. Before her fourth knock, he answered.

Josiah Croome was a tall man with thick, jet-black hair, parted on top. He tugged on the lapel of his sleek lapis-blue tailcoat. Endowed by God, he’d used his large dark hands and smart ebony eyes to build the family textile business from nothing. But Papa couldn’t use those big palms to give her future away.

“Ester,” he said with a toothy, winning smile. “Just the young woman I wanted to see.”

He tried to claim her arm, but she stepped back. “Papa,” she said in her honeyed tone. “Could you come out here for a moment?”

A frown appeared on his face, but he nodded. “Mr. Jordan, I’ll be right back.”

When he closed the door, Ester exhaled. “Father, no. I can’t.”

He folded his arms and stared way down at her short five-foot-four height. “You heard?”

“Yes, and I won’t marry Charles Jordan, Papa. I can’t.”

“You met him once, Ester. You said the meeting was pleasant.”

“I was being polite. He’s horrible, and that evening cost me seeing Arthur Bex’s last performance as Romeo.”

With the wide span of his palm stretched over his face from ear to ear, he sighed. “Not the actor again. Ester, you talk about this Bex every day, as if he were truly your lover. Stop this. The man doesn’t know you exist, and if he is as wonderful as you say, he isn’t looking for a bride in the old Huguenot section of London.”

Papa was being diplomatic, but it was his way of saying important men didn’t go looking for Blackamoor brides.

A little unnerved by his use of the word “lover” and Bex in the same sentence, she clutched at the buttons of her short jacket. “You know how I love Bex’s art. His theatrical performances are outstanding, and I missed one because of nasty Charles Jordan—a boy who never reads, knows nothing of Shakespeare, and needs a variety of women to stave off boredom. He cannot be a good husband to me.”

“Ester, this is true life. You’ll be one and twenty. I must make sure that you are well provided for, and Charles Jordan is a man you can build a life with.”

“How can that be? Your choice is a womanizer. He’s—” She bit her lip. Why would infidelity matter to Papa? The letters Ester had found last Christmas proved her father was an adulterer, too. She lowered her tone, looked to the polished floorboards. “He’s not right for me.”

Father claimed Ester’s fingers, his big, meaty palms surrounding her thin ones. “You don’t know what is right. You’re young and sheltered. I’ve made mistakes, but this isn’t one. The matter is settled, Ester. Tonight, at your mother’s party, your engagement will be announced.”

It sounded like a commandment from on high in Papa’s deep, Moses voice, but he’d have to part the Red Sea or the Thames to make her believe that Charles was her fate.

“Come, Ester. Do your duty for the family. Be nice to Mr. Jordan. We are a respected family, too. We need to act like it.”

Her pride kicked in, and she stood up straight. She’d act the part of a submissive daughter until she could plan a way to stop this, to become her own Moses and find a space, a promised land where she could choose her own husband. Someone who’d be truthful and not mock their vows of faithfulness.

Her father opened the door to his sand-colored study. The etchings of the old Huguenot fleur-de-lis were in here, too, making it feel stately—and the decisions made inside, so final.

“Ester, say hello to Mr. Jordan.”

She fixed her frowning face, hid her sketchbook behind her back, and followed her father in. “Hello to Mr. Jordan.”

Papa stepped near his walnut desk, a reward for when the mantua-makers had started ordering his fabrics for the new Burlingame Arcade. “My daughter, Mr. Jordan, is a treasure with a good sense of humor. She’ll make any man proud.”

The man stared at her, reached for her, and Ester froze.

Bashfulness clamping her lips, she couldn’t reply, not under Jordan’s beady gaze. She lowered her gaze to Papa’s orderly desk and spied the upside-down parchment that read Marriage Contract.

Now she truly couldn’t breathe.

Mr. Jordan with his short height of five-foot-five, lowered his palm and tugged on his silken gray waistcoat. “My son, Charles, is made of quite good material, if I may say so to the fabric king.” He bowed his balding head in Ester’s direction, and she resisted the urge to look behind her for some other girl to be the recipient of this tragedy.

“Charles will be here tonight for your mother’s party. He may have a question to ask you. Something that will change your life a month from now, on your birthday.”

Gloating at her sentence of a horrid marriage was uncalled for. No matter how much she wished to believe this was a bad dream, that she still lay in her canopied bed, sketching dresses for Frederica, dreaming of reciting lines with Arthur Bex, Ester had to admit she was horribly awake and tonight she’d be horribly engaged to a womanizer.

“Ester, the Jordans are an honorable family. They’ve perfected gas-lighting as good as anywhere in London. My warehouses can run multiple shifts. More productivity, more jobs.”

“And more money.” Mr. Jordan winked and bared teeth in his crooked smile.

Papa chuckled. “It’s a perfect match.”

For the Croome business, maybe, but not for the business of her heart. Ester refused to nod, didn’t want to give any form of consent. She tugged her gray-colored gloves tighter. “Well…I… I’m meeting a friend in town. Mr. Jordan. Papa…pleasant meeting.”

Her father picked up the spectacles he used for contract writing. “Ester, you should stay and become more acquainted with Mr. Jordan. There are ten-thousand reasons to be more acquainted.”

Her dowry? The price on her head—and they said enslavement was finished in England. How could Papa expect her to want this? She wasn’t like Mama. She wasn’t like her sister Ruth, who had been happy with her arranged marriage in the country.

“Daughter, say something. I know you are terribly shy, but Mr. Jordan will be family.”

Why did he expect a reply when he’d taken away her options? Ester had nothing for her father except a bucket of unshed tears. “Good day, gentlemen.” She turned on wobbly legs and headed for the door. At least she stayed composed and held her voice even. Surely, she looked in order, not shredding apart like poorly tacked-on ribbons.

She put her back upon the door and ensured that it closed, that no one followed. The great actor Arthur Bex would be marginally proud of her performance. If only this were a play. Then that would’ve been the scene where the villains won, and her victory was bound for the last act.

If only.

“She’ll come around, Jordan. Just like her mother, Ester is level-headed.” The statement was harsh, vibrating the panel door as if her father knew she was still within hearing distance.

Like my mother?

The comment was a final slap, and it shook Ester more deeply than the idea of a bad arranged marriage. She wasn’t like her mother, not in any way that mattered. It was an awful guilt-laden thought, but the sentiment was there, always there, more so since last Christmas.

Clancy, Papa’s butler, slipped into the hall with a shiny silver tray of teacakes. “Miss Ester, you need to run on. You’re going to be late. That Miss Burghley’s going to start her trouble without you.”

She half smiled at the man. He was tall and proud in his garnet livery. Papa had him powder his gray hair so he’d be as fine as the servants in Cheapside or even Mayfair. “Miss Ester, are you well?”

Ester wanted to say no, but that would make the man call a fancy physician and she’d not be able to go meet her friend. “I’m good. And you are right about Miss Burghley and trouble. I need to hurry. Can you see about the carriage, so I won’t miss a moment? I’ll take the tray in to Mama. I assume that’s where these are heading. Father doesn’t like the delicate treats. He says they are too small for his hands.”

“You’re not supposed to help me. Since you moved to this big house, you’ve been trying. It’s not your place anymore. If I can’t do it, there’s an upstairs maid or Mrs. Fitterwall who can. I’ll set these refreshments in the parlor for Mrs. Croome and Mrs. Jordan, then send the footman for your carriage.”

She watched Clancy knock and then slip into the parlor. He worked too hard, but he seemed proud to be of service, proud that his employer, a man of color, could achieve so much. But how could Clancy ignore the unhappiness that seemed to suffocate this place?

Ester pulled her sketchbook to her stomach and moved to the front door. From the side glass, she looked at the calm street, the occasional carriage trotting by. If she were bold, she’d hitch herself to the back of one. If I were bold.

Clancy came out of Mama’s parlor. “Mrs. Croome is asking for you. I’ll go send the footman for the carriage. You won’t miss that trouble. Go to your mother.”

She nodded and went back into the small hall. She heard Papa and Mr. Jordan’s laughter as she entered the adjacent parlor. The rich room of burgundy-papered wall was devoid of sound, so different from the room next door. Ester walked inside to the tapestry-covered couch where her mother sat.

Mama in her mobcap, which covered her straight dark hair, worked on her knitting. Mrs. Jordan, who couldn’t be much older than Ester, was on the opposite end doing needlepoint. Not a word was exchanged. Were the ladies dutifully waiting on their husbands to tell them what to do, when to stand, what to think?

Of course they were. That’s why Clancy’s tray was untouched and the room had no conversation, no life. Ester couldn’t turn into one of those women with no opinions about anything but colored yarn.

“Mama.” Ester coughed to loosen her tongue then tried again. “Mama, I’m leaving for my appointment.”

Her mother slowly turned her face to her. The woman’s light skin had yellowed to a pale gold with age, and her eyes, forest green, looked small, as if she refused to see trouble. “You, should stay and visit with Mrs. Jordan.”

Stay in the parlor? And make small talk about current and future cheating spouses? Not today, Satan. Ester tugged at her sleeve. “Mama, I am to meet Miss Burghley for tea. Remember?”

“You let her visit with Miss Burghley, the Duke of Simone’s…daughter?” Mrs. Jordan sprang to life as her nose turned up in the air. “Mrs. Croome, is that wise?”

Ester held her breath and closed her eyes, hoping that her mother would say something to defend the prejudice that surrounded someone as dear as her friend. Frederica Burghley was Simone’s illegitimate daughter, but that wasn’t her fault any more than it was Mama’s for Papa’s failings—like what had been detailed in the horrible letters that Ester had found last Christmas. It had changed her father from a hero in her eyes to someone like the Jordans—known womanizers and opportunists.

When she heard the sound of tea pouring, drip-drip-splash, she blinked, then stared.

No words.

No defense of Frederica.

Nothing of what a good person Frederica was.

Nothing but brown liquid spitting from a fine silver pot into bone china cups.

“You should really stay, Ester,” Mama said, “but I know you have an appointment. Be back as soon as you can. I’ll need your help. My party starts at seven sharp.”

As silent as a mouse, Ester turned. Out the door she started to run. She’d catch a hackney if Clancy hadn’t ordered the carriage. Lucky for her, it sat at the steps. She climbed aboard the onyx berlin carriage. Its well-matched pair of ebony horses took off like their tails had been set on fire. One thing Ester knew right now. She couldn’t be a couch woman waiting for a man to say when to jump, or move, or breathe.

…

It didn’t take long to reach the White Horse Cellar, the coaching inn nearest the Burlingame Arcade. Ester sighed as she adjusted her bonnet again. She wanted to be supportive of Frederica’s attempt at making a match by newspaper advertisement. It had been Ester’s idea for her friends to solicit husbands through the Morning Post. She should’ve dictated one for herself, but that would be like cheating on her fantasy “lover,” Arthur Bex, as Papa had put it. If only she’d spoken to Bex at Theodosia’s party last year. Maybe he’d have noticed her, a girl from the wrong side of town.

Lifting her chin, Ester decided to do what she’d done at Christmas, to pretend to be happy. She’d be an actress and play the part of a dear friend, one with no troubles.

A groom helped her down. With her sketchbook in tow, she crossed the busy courtyard filled with travelers to the big gold and black carriage of the Duke of Simone. She tapped on the door.

Dark brown curls with sun streaks bounced as Frederica Burghley popped her head out. “I thought you’d abandoned me.”

“Never.” Ester meant that with every part of her heart.

Handed down by one of her trusted grooms, Frederica looked resplendent in a short indigo velvet pelisse over her gown, a fine ebony bonnet upon her head. “No, you’d never do that. You’re loyal and predictable. Those are qualities I now treasure.”

The two had grown closer since their friend Theodosia had married. And though Frederica tweaked Ester’s nose about her caution, Ester knew the girl was right. Shyness and caution were weaknesses, ones her father had counted upon, so she’d comply with the sham marriage.

“You did remember to wear dark colors,” Ester said.

“I miss color.” Frederica sighed.

Ester did, too. They brought her sketches to life. “Mourning for the king is still occurring. Two women like us at a coaching inn are hard to ignore. Bright colors would be taken for an offense. We must be careful.”

“I hear radicals meet in the cellar. If my newspaper prospect is dull, we could join a conspiracy.” Frederica giggled, but the light tones fell flat. She tugged at the sleeve of her jacket with pleated butterfly embroidery at the waist. “Safety is an issue but so is security. This meeting has to work. With the duke thinking of marrying again, he’s been looking into arrangements for me. Old men, friends of his, readying for a second or third wife, or other.”

Frederica’s voice could have been a bell, ringing of pain, foretelling every fear. The other…a fancy or mistress…as Frederica’s mother had been to the duke—it was a fate worse than death for a girl who wanted honor and respect.

Ester gripped her friend’s hand. “You will be all that you can be, and you will choose a great husband.” She nudged Frederica toward the rugged door of the coaching inn. “I wish I were you.”

Her friend stopped, planting her short boots in the dusty fairway. “Wait. You’ve never… All the years we’ve known each other, and you have never said that. What has happened?”

Jerking like she’d flubbed a line or been caught reading Mama’s papers, Ester flinched. “It doesn’t matter. Your newspaper groom is waiting inside.”

With a hand on her hip, reticule swinging, Frederica shook her head. “No. Out with it.”

People stared now, with scrunched-up faces and quizzing glasses, as if they wondered if Ester or Frederica had stolen some wealthy traveler’s clothes. “I wish they wouldn’t look at us.”

“Who?” Frederica starting peering over Ester’s head. “Who?”

“People,” Ester said. “Maybe they think some imperial guests are about and we are their elaborate servants. That would be easier to accept than what we are.”

“Lucky?” Frederica gripped her by the shoulders. “Don’t curse our fates now by having secrets. I won’t be able to concentrate.”

Resigned, Ester lowered her head. “The Croome’s money and the need to grow it have collided. My father has decided to sell me off in marriage to a bore because it will benefit his bank coffers.”

Wide hazel eyes grew even bigger. “Wait. You. What? Who?”

“Jordan’s son, Charles.”

“The womanizer? He has mistresses. They say he’s bedding a widowed countess whom he teaches fencing. That’s the rumor.” Frederica bit her lip. “It could be wrong. He might not be so bad.”

Ester clutched Frederica’s hand. “You’re not going to tell me that the love of a good woman will change him. That he will behave once we wed.” Tears clogged her throat. “I’m doomed. Accepting this fate is better than the hypocrisy of believing things can change. That Charles will change.”

“You and Theodosia call me the dramatic one. There’s always another way. Hope doesn’t disappear because we are too frightened to look for it.”

But Ester was frightened, terrified. Her sister’s arranged marriage had made her live far away, never coming back to London, even for Yuletide. They’d been so close once, and happy when they’d lived above the warehouse. Moving up in the world had cost so much—was still costing. “I don’t know what to do.”

Frederica put her arms about Ester and drew her in tightly. “You could put an advertisement in the paper. We might be able to find someone for you, too, someone kind and faithful.”

Ester shook her head. “Jordan’s proposal will come tonight with a wedding in four weeks, on my birthday.”

More travelers scooted by, fewer of them looking over at Ester and Frederica. Perhaps, for the moment, they blended into the deep brown of the coaching inn’s facade. Ester wanted to disappear.

“You could say no, Ester. You could choose to say no.”

The word no and Frederica seemed quite foreign to each other, and the concept was something Ester couldn’t grasp, either. She whipped her head around. “I can’t say no to my Papa any more than you can to yours.” She exhaled, put on a brave smile, and began acting again. “Look at me getting us both flustered. This is your day. Everything will work out. I’m sure.”

Frederica had that look of disappointment, a deep frown that made the luster in her hazel eyes dim to a sad sherry. “I pretend a great deal, too. In another few months, I won’t have any hope, either.”

Ester grabbed her and hugged her until a seam or two popped. “You listen well, Frederica Burghley. No one should count us out, not yet. We’ll both be saved or go down in glorious flames. I may even enjoy knitting in silence.”

“What?” A brow popped up on Frederica’s fair countenance. “What does that mean?”

“Nothing, silly goose. So how do we meet this man?” Ester smoothed the rim of her bonnet in a slightly showy manner, something she’d seen Frederica do a hundred times. “Come on.”

Ester led her friend into the crowded inn.

Crowds. Ester froze, her fake courage slipping to her boots.

People were packed in the lobby and at tables in the main area.

Frederica clasped her hand. “What’s wrong, Ester?”

“So many travelers.” A chill crept up her arm, but she accepted her friend’s nudge forward through the dining room.

Too many strangers. She could feel her throat getting dry. “Frederica. How… How do we see your newspaper beau? It’s easy for him, as we are the only ladies like ourselves here. The dishwasher or a maid doesn’t count to most men seeking a wife of means.”

Frederica pulled a sprig of lilac from her reticule and handed it to Ester. The bright purple of the tiny flowers looked like embroidery on the lapel of her jacket. “To gain more responses, I didn’t exactly say I was Blackamoor.”

What? Now Ester truly couldn’t breathe.

“But the lilac will help us spot him. He will have a sprig, too. It will be all right, Ester.”

Details like race were important. Ester shook her head as Frederica cupped the fragile flower in her palm.

“Ester, Theodosia Fitzwilliam-Cecil and her husband found each other again through the newspaper advertisement. Surely, I can be so lucky.”

“Fitzwilliam?” A big man spun, and doing so, sent another fellow and his mug crashing into them. The foul beer stained Frederica’s velvet pelisse.

Ester palmed the lilac to keep it dry, then she dug into her reticule and pulled out a handkerchief. “Dabbing at this won’t help. We need to sponge it before sets in the nape. We need water.”

Frederica’s eyes became glassy with tears. “We can’t ask, and my footman is outside. To go get him and then water, it will be too late for our meeting.”

The tall man, whose face held a long frown, had joined them. “Perhaps you need an errand boy or errand man?”

Their friend’s brother-in-law, Lord Hartwell, was the guilty man who’d started the commotion. He held out his hand, a trim leather glove, half covered in the billowing sleeve of his finely-woven greatcoat. “Come with me, Miss Burghley. I’ll see that this stain is removed. It’s my fault, but rarely do you hear the name Fitzwilliam in such lovely tones.”

Her friend smiled up at him in the flirty way she did with nice looking men and took his arm.

Laughter cascaded to their left.

A round of shouts rolled over the top of everything, but a lone, muffled sound made it quiet.

Then she heard the word “Freedom” loud and clear.

Ester’s skin tingled. That voice sounded familiar. She tapped her temple. Papa was right. She did carry Bex in her brainbox.

But the voice boomed out again, “Humanity and freedom for all.”

The saving call became muffled like a door opening then closing upon a parish sermon. She whipped her head back and forth, searching, her heart beating hard. She looked but saw no one that could bear the weight of that voice, the voice she knew in her dreams.

A man stumbled out of what looked like a cellar door, and the masculine voice returned, the tones of a mythic god.

“There is one path. It is to the liberty of the soul.”

That voice. It sounded like Arthur Bex.

Was he here? If the great Arthur Bex, the best actor in all of London, was in the coaching inn, then this horrible day would be better, much better.

When she saw Frederica smiling as a server mopped at her stain while Lord Hartwell observed and mentioned something about visiting his father in town—Ester knew her friend was in good hands. She’d look for Frederica’s lilac-carrying suitor later, after she stole a moment to listen to Bex.

But she’d have to go down into the cellar for that.

It was dangerous to go alone, but if Arthur Bex was down there, it would be worth the risk. If troubles came, she’d hit them with her sketch pad and then run. Yes, that sounded like a plan. A fool’s plan, but she’d be a fool for Bex.

She clutched the cellar door and started toward the voice. How Ester made it down without flying was beyond her, but she did it. Gripping the handrail, she searched. The room was lit with awful-smelling tallow candles. The stink of burning calf fat would stay in her spencer, but she didn’t care. She saw Bex standing on a chair.

Bex, the love of her heart, was giving a speech.

Ester was in heaven.

Candlelight from the chandelier above made him appear to have a halo. Dark chestnut-brown hair graced his head. He possessed lightly sun-kissed skin and dreamy cobalt-blue eyes. The man was beautiful, even more so than that one time he had joined her at Theodosia’s table. Ester hadn’t been able to speak to him then. She had been too afraid of sounding weak and foolish, but now, being a few hours away from doom, she felt bold, almost brazen.

The man waved his arms, flexing the tan weave of his frockcoat, which hung upon a slightly askew cream cravat. The gold buttons on his chocolate waistcoat jangled as he stepped forward. “The human race is meant to be free, free to love,” Bex said. “That freedom should not be denied by chains, by an origin of birth a continent away. The cry of freedom is in the hearts, the very marrow of every man. Who can shut up these bones?”

Not Ester.

She’d listen to his voice forever.

“Who among us can strangle the yearnings of any man? Race nor creed nor even allegiance to the king will not deny the desire to be free. If you believe as I do, join me at month’s end to rally at the Serpentine. There, we will unite and be of one mind. Abolition should succeed and be the law in every colony.”

Bex said the words in direct address, as if he were on stage. Ester sighed with bliss. She yearned to call out and encourage him to continue above the few boos and grunts of dissenters in the crowd.

Ester wasn’t brave enough for that, but she’d applaud him. He had to know someone heard and was moved. She put her hands together and clapped loud.

A few men stopped their groaning and stared in her direction.

The danger meant nothing. Ester didn’t care and clapped harder, cupping the stalk of lilac to not bruise it.

What harm could come from proclaiming her love of the great actor with applause? Her days of freedom would be over soon. The Jordans weren’t theater-goers. This might be the last time she’d see Bex perform.

Ester had nothing left to lose, and clapped again and again, basking in Bex’s voice.





Chapter Two

A Rousing Response

Arthur Bex was used to tough crowds. He’d worked up from bit lines to the lead in farces and dramas over the course of three years. But those were other men’s words he recited, not the ones he said today in the basement of White Horse Cellar. These were Arthur’s, and they burned in his heart. It was time to show London that the time to fight for abolition was now.

A young negress stood on the steps, clapping. In that moment, he let the rhythm of her slapping palms command his full attention, away from the naysayers and those just looking for a reason for fisticuffs or, like Phineas, following him around to find a scandal. He nodded to her before stepping down.

The reporter with a hawkish nose, Hildebrand Phineas, who sat close, swilling beer, hissed at him. “Is that all you have, Gunpowder?”

Gunpowder burns up, consumed by its own power, and destroys everything it touches. That couldn’t happen to Arthur. He had too much to do, too many wrongs to right. He glared at Phineas. “I’ve said my piece for now. Come to the rally at the month’s end and hear more.”

“He wants a Peterloo here in London,” the reporter said as he sneered. “You want blood to run in our streets, Gunpowder.”

“No massacre will happen in our fair city.” Arthur made his voice louder than the Peterloo chants. Some did want blood in the streets, but not him. He’d seen enough death in his youth. He advocated for freedom. “We must stop the institutional massacre of our brothers by slavery.”

Turning away from the annoying Phineas, he stared back to the rowdy crowd and the negress who still stood at the stairs. The young woman was too smartly dressed to be an errant server who had wandered down to an all men’s meeting. No, she had to be there for a reason, for the lass wasn’t disturbed at being the only female in the cellar, and the only Blackamoor at that. A bold woman.

Maybe she heard his call for abolition and believed his words.

Heartened, he rent his coat open and refused to stop pressing for the rally. “Abolition is the cause of the day, gentlemen and dear lady. If we do not hear the cry of the oppressed—our brothers in chains just beyond our shores—what good are we? I tell you, we must press Parliament, shake the seats of the House of Lords, do everything that is within our grasp to end the practice in our colonies that we have ended here in England. The barbarous slave trade needs to stop, with nary a slave ship in our docks, and none creeping into our ports. We must deprive our pockets to refill our conscience with goodness. How can we say we value freedom when coins take the freedom of others?”

Fists raised, almost daring someone to disagree, Arthur received nothing but applause. The young woman clapped again.

Blood pumping, he went back to his table and sampled the air, rank with swill and perspiration. He felt good. Someone was moved today from ambivalence to awareness of the plight of the enslaved. He sensed it. Maybe someone here would stand up for the fight.

Yet, no man in the cellar was called to fight abolition more than him. The passion had rooted in him early, for the sins of his bloodline must be righted.

One fellow got up and staggered first toward Arthur but then headed straight for the woman. The drunk grabbed her arm and dragged her close to the chair on which Arthur had just stood. “Get on up there, and we can practice selling her so Bex can save her.”

“Let… Let me go.” She struggled, but the drunk held fast to her wrist.

Arthur stood. “Let her be. Have you heard nothing?”

The fool blew him a kiss as he held her hand high. “So, this is what you fight for, Mr. Actor. A race scorched by the sun. A folk as dim as they are dark—”

Arthur had him by the throat before the drunk could say more hateful words and yanked him by the cravat away from the young woman. “Get some coffee and sober up. Miss, this is a men’s meeting. It’s not for females.”

Her eyes were wide, like he’d said something profound.

“What gives, Bex?” The drunk broke free and snatched her elbow. “We have a prime example of womanhood here. Let’s put her on the chair and sell the little thing for coming to the cellar. You said it yourself. This territory is for men alone.”

“That hurts,” she said. “Let me go you…you, Iago.”

The drunk and Arthur stopped at the same time to stare at her, but Arthur was probably the only one to discern that she offered an insult—an Iago being the horrid villain from Shakespeare’s Othello.

He almost smiled, but instead, he pushed the Iago drunk away, flinging him into a chair. “Do you not hear her cry for freedom, Iago fiend?”

The girl, who’d now ducked behind Arthur, pressed her lean fingers into his side. That protective feeling that filled him when playing a hero on the stage welled in his chest. “Let’s go, miss. I fear you’ll need a personal escort before another Iago decides to test you. Yes, a personal escort, indeed.”

Before they could take a step, the drunk careened into him. “No fun, Bex. Can’t have the fancy all to yourself.”

Temper rising, Arthur did a quick jab, coupled with a fast punch, which sent the man flat to the floor. “Good day, gentlemen. Come, miss.”

She followed him up the stairs, even as others snickered as they passed.

“Miss, from the cut of your clothes, I can’t imagine you need to be saved very often, but mind my friends. They can become very animated when disturbed. It was a men’s only meeting.”

“Maybe you need better friends.” Her voice was low. Her olive cheeks deepened to henna when he turned his head and gazed upon her.

“You may be right.”

“Arthur Bex thinks I’m right.” She looked as if she was about to faint. When she stumbled on the last step, he took her hand, the one free of a notebook, into his. A stalk of lilac was crushed between their linked palms.

“Lilac is a wonderful flower,” he said as he led her back to the main level of the coaching inn. His pulse raced. This was the woman he had exchanged letters with, his potential newspaper advertisement bride. “We have much to discuss.”

She tried to leave him, but he steered her to his table. Her small frame was rather easy to navigate, putting a hand here and a nudge there.

Fanning her face, she looked very unsteady, so he took her book from her and guided her into a seat. Would she faint when he displayed his signal to meet, a matching stem of lilac from his pocket?

She looked caught. The sense of shyness about her made him smile inside. Even though he was applying through the papers for a marriage of convenience, his masculine pride demanded that it still feel as if he’d won someone’s approval.

“I’m here with my friend. I should find her,” she said. Her voice had a nice tone, clear and low.

“Of course, miss, but let us take a moment to get to know one another.”

“You want to know me? Arthur Bex wants to know me.” She put a hand to her bonnet and fanned. “I must be dreaming. This is nothing but a dream. The famous actor, Arthur Bex, is sitting with me, saving me from a drunk. And he wants to know me.”

She pinched herself. “No. I still don’t believe.”

Phineas came up and tipped his hat. He looked ready to leave the coaching inn but then decided to take a table. It wasn’t close enough to overhear, but it wasn’t far enough for Arthur to let his guard down. Then he thought about the odds that a Blackamoor woman would answer his advertisement, a Blackamoor marrying an abolitionist. Anger swept through him. This might be a trap. He put his hand upon hers to keep her from squirming or leaving too quickly. “Who sent you?”

Over her creamy kid gloves, the exposed part of her wrist pimpled. “I sent myself. This is obviously a mistake.”

The blush, the fear induced bumps—that couldn’t be an act, could it? He sighed. “Well, it is obvious that you know me, but I… Wait. I recognize you from the Fitzwilliam-Cecil wedding celebration. Your family’s in textiles?”

Her eyes, glittering topaz jewels, grew wide as she pinched herself again. “You can remember that? You remember me?”

He caught her other hand. “You need to stop doing that.”

She looked around, her cheeks darkening again, but deeper than before. “You have both my hands, Mr. Bex. As wonderful as this is, it’s not right.”

Self-conscious about their location and Phineas looking for scandal, he released her. “Sorry, Miss…”

“Miss Croome.”

“Ester Croome, if I recall what Fitzwilliam-Cecil said.”

She dug into her reticule and found a fan. “I barely said two words to you. I can’t believe I am making complete sentences now. And you remembered my name.”

“You have a very memorable face and figure, and now I hear a memorable voice to match.”

Blinking ten times, like she’d just awakened, Miss Croome crossed her arms, then uncrossed her arms, then put her hands down. “Arthur Bex noticed me. I’m going to go back to mumbling and broken sentences.”

She had wit, a sharpness of mind. Something he’d noticed at the wedding party when she’d spoken to others, but not him. He dipped his head closer. “I wish you would continue communicating, or how else am I to get to know you? How else will you determine to marry me? Well, you know of me. Have you made up your mind?”

“Marry you?” She dropped the fan to the table with a thud. “Arthur Bex, the greatest actor of the London stage, wants to marry me.” She put a hand to her temple and rubbed like it held a smudge.

His latent sense of humor began to enjoy her shyness. He wondered what other ways he could tease her to embarrass her and how bright her cheeks would turn if she were thoroughly flattered by him. “What can I do to put you at ease? I’ll look at your book. It’s a sketchbook?”

“Please don’t.” She said as her dimpled cheeks, all her face, reddened.

“Now I have to look.” He flipped it open and saw beautiful sketches of dresses and a page of signatures. Mrs. Bex, Mrs. Arthur Bex, Ester Bex. “You seem quite confident that we will agree to marry. You’ve practiced writing your marital name. You guessed I was the one.”

“I’m embarrassed, and Arthur Bex is flirting with me. This has to be an illusion.”

He put two fingers on each side of her squirming temples. “Is this an illusion? You act as if you have forgotten our exchanged letters.” He dipped into his pocket and pulled out the fragrant lilac stem he’d purchased this morning from Covent Gardens after being given the part of Antony—his big next play.

The girl’s face became crestfallen, her voluptuous lips sagged. “There’s a mistake.”

“Miss Croome,” a woman said. “There you are, and you found…Arthur Bex?” She gasped, holding her mouth wide open for a few seconds. “Arthur Bex, the actor?”

“Guilty,” he said. It was the other friend of Fitzwilliam-Cecil’s bride. She was tall with a very light complexion, much lighter than Miss Croome’s olive skin. In certain lighting, she wouldn’t be taken as a Blackamoor woman at all.

Life might be easier for an interracial couple because of it, but the class differences, her being a duke’s daughter, on such a higher rung than an actor, would be insurmountable.

He looked at Miss Croome again and was glad it was she writing him, someone in textiles, with humble beginnings like his own.

The standing woman squinted. “Arthur Bex. The man you… In the plays. The fellow—”

Miss Croome grabbed her hand. “Miss. Burghley, this is the man who responded to the newspaper advertisement. He’s the one with the lilac. The one you—”

“No, Miss Croome, he’s the one you’ve been waiting for. Sir, don’t keep my friend too long. I’ll be in my carriage waiting for you, Miss Croome.”

There had to be some confusion, something underfoot, for his table companion wouldn’t release Miss Burghley’s hand.

“But,” Miss Croome said before being shushed by her friend.

“I know you’re shy, but this is your one chance at marrying a man you admire. Mr. Bex, no one is a bigger student of your performances than my friend. I know you two have much in common.”

Miss Croome didn’t seem satisfied and still gripped Miss Burghley’s glove in a seemingly desperate clutch. “Are you sure, Frederica? Your chance at happiness… Your father—”

Miss Burghley hugged her. “I still have time. And no friend could be happy at another’s expense.”

Now Arthur knew something was amiss. If these weren’t Fitzwilliam-Cecil friends, he’d again think this was a plot by Phineas to trap him in a scandal. He swirled a thumb along a scratch in the table. “What does that mean, Miss Burghley? At another’s expense? Everyone’s happiness has some cost.”

The woman’s expression went from sober to impish in a blink. A wicked smile graced her light features. “It means I’ll be very put-out if you don’t declare to my friend all the reasons you wish to marry her. She’s very busy. I wouldn’t want her time wasted. She has other options.”

Other options? Of course, other men would have answered her advertisement. Her race might put off some, but her family’s money would make others forget the differences. As for Arthur, he didn’t know. Would it be helpful to have a Blackamoor wife when he sought to be a leading voice in the abolition movement, or would the marriage be a distraction from the cause, another way for men to marginalize his voice? “Options are a good thing.”

Miss Croome sat up. “This man has many options. He’s Arthur Bex, the man whose performance as Romeo made the critics cry.” She smiled at him. “Made me cry, too.”

The woman, barely ten minutes into their discussion, had leaped to his defense. He had to get to know her better. He needed a wife who would attest to his character, who would believe in him above everything. Given his family’s history, he wasn’t sure a Blackamoor woman, even one that looked upon him with charity, would want to be his wife, but his goal was for that history to never be known. He craned his neck to find a waitress. “Let me get you all tea.”

“None for me, Mr. Bex,” Miss Burghley said, lightly tapping the table with her finger. “What do you have to say to my friend? She’s clever, a Shakespeare lover, and usually very articulate.”

“Yes, when I’m not having palpitations in my chest.” Miss Croome took her sketch pad and pushed air toward her face.

His seatmate possessed a sense of humor. That was something he treasured. Though she seemed shy now, it had been quite bold of her to come down to the cellar.

A woman like Miss Croome, who possessed a delicate nature, boldness, and humor, didn’t come around every day, in any race. Arthur caught her gaze again and held on to it, as if reaching for polished gems. Delicate, shy, bold, pretty—though, she frowned as if she couldn’t decide whether to stay, leave, or even be sick.

He hated to lose. It was the one unfortunate trait he shared with his uncle, the man who’d raised him. Losers straddled the fence. Winners decided. “I intend to declare myself to be of sound mind and body, and I want to marry this woman if she’ll have me.”

Miss Croome’s cheeks were definitely darker now, and if she proved this easily delighted, the marriage might even be a happy one.

Whipping the lilac under her nose as if it were smelling salts, Miss Croome lowered her gaze. “I never dreamed to be sitting here with Arthur Bex. Are you sure, Miss Burghley, you don’t want to change your mind and sit with us? Arthur Bex is a wonderful man. He’ll make anyone a good husband.”

“Not anyone, my dear Miss Croome. You. Upon seeing you look at him and how he’s looking at you, I know this is right. When you are finished here, we’ll head to the party where your other suitor will be.” Miss Burghley offered a final pat to Miss Croome’s hand and left.

The meaning of the women’s exchange was of no consequence. Arthur noted the important things. Miss Croome knew who he was, and unlike the last two women whose newspaper advertisements he’d responded to, she didn’t seem to mind he was an actor…and she liked him. “I’ll be honest, Miss Croome, when I thought of a marriage of convenience, I hadn’t thought a Blackamoor or mulatto woman would respond.”

“I hadn’t thought of writing to a Blackamoor or mulatto woman, either, and my father wouldn’t want me writing to an actor.”

Her easy humor made the idea of them marrying more comfortable. “So, Miss Croome, my race does not matter to you or your father, but my profession and lack of fortune do?”

“The lack of a fortune, the profession, and your race will bother him, but my happiness seems…is no longer his concern.”

“And those are not your concerns, Miss Croome?”

With wide, toasty, topaz eyes, she looked unafraid, even alluring. “No. Just my happiness.”

Given to gambles, he’d test her, even though he had mostly made up his risk-taking mind. “In a jaded way, a well-spoken Blackamoor would cement my credentials for the cause that I fight for—abolition. Who could doubt my sincerity to end slavery if Miss Croome could attest to my heart? That’s how the reporters will put our marriage.”

“Or the fabric princess debases herself and her family with an actor—the gossips aren’t kind on my part of town, either.”

A sense of realism with her humor. That was something else he liked. Another good point in her favor. Arthur drummed the table again. “We should get to know each other over a pot of tea. How would you like that?”

“The same as you, with honey and a little lemon.” Her voice was stronger now. She must be getting used to him. “And chamomile is my favorite, too, just like you.”

“You know this?”

“I’ve studied everything about you, Mr. Bex, for a long time.”

Three points in a row—she’d won the tally. Newspaper advertisement number eleven seemed more and more the one, despite the obstacles. He stretched and signaled to a barmaid.

Once the flabbergasted woman took his order, he returned his full attention to Miss Croome and her lovely eyes. “So why are you seeking a husband by newspaper? The fabric princess has other options, as your friend put it.”

“I must be honest with you. Honesty and fidelity are the two things which are most important to me. You have been corresponding with Miss Burghley. I helped with the wording of her advertisement, but it was she who placed it, not me. But she, all my friends, know I am in awe of you. I have been for two years. She was the lucky one who you wrote to. I should just retrieve her or leave. Starting out under a falsehood is a bad omen.”

He put his hand on hers. “You are the one who’s here now. The one I wish to share tea with. Stay.”

She nodded and slipped her palm to her lap.

Miss Croome with her button nose, and her noticeable figure hiding beneath the blousy spencer, blushed again, a deeper shade of henna, the color again commanding all of her face.

She smiled as she took her tea. Her long lashes fluttered as she gulped. “Done, Mr. Bex. Now you can send me home, back to reality.”

She was definitely all woman, definitely attracted to him, and definitely a pleasing mixture of boldness and shyness. Unlike other theatergoers and sycophants who’d taken an interest in him because of his celebrity, this woman seemed cautious. Perhaps she needed convincing that a marriage of convenience could work. Point four, a challenge. A challenge was something Arthur appreciated, something inescapable in his foul blood.

He looked over at Phineas. The bloodhound nodded. He wouldn’t stop chasing until he found Arthur’s scandal. A respectable wife to recommend Arthur would deter questions, give the hounds a new story to chew. Miss Croome was the answer, but she needed to be swayed in this instance, or he’d lose her before they had a chance to begin.





Chapter Three

A Surprising Proposal

Ester sipped the second cup of tea Arthur Bex had ordered for her. Arthur Bex. As hard as she tried not to rattle her cup, and to drink with an unaffected air as Mama had instructed her daughters, Ester failed miserably, clinking her cup, sloshing the sweet fragrance of chamomile.

But what could one expect? She was sitting with a demi-god, the man she had dreamed of almost every night, his voice luscious, thick, and sweet like honey. Arthur Bex sat beside her, discussing marriage.

“Miss Croome, while I do find the cups at the White Horse Cellar quite fascinating. I would appreciate it if you’d look up at me and tell me about yourself. It was Miss Burghley’s advertisement that brought us here, but are you looking to be married?”

“Yes.” Particularly since Papa’s surprise this morning.

Bex was even taller and more handsome up close. Even sitting, he loomed above her, and she thought of how secure she’d feel snuggled in his well-built arms.

“Miss Croome, I met you at Fitzwilliam-Cecil’s home. It seems to me that two consenting adults looking to be married could have spoken months ago.”

“I’m painfully shy around strangers.” She breathed deeply, looked up, and retook his gaze. There was kindness in his cobalt-blue eyes. It made it a little easier for her lungs to keep functioning. “Words come easy for you, Mr. Bex. Your voice holds command even when ordering a pot of tea. I’ve a great imagination.” She put down her spoon and tapped her bonnet. “But it never conceived of this.”

“Then your imagination is limited, or perhaps trapped beneath that pretty bonnet.”

He moved a little closer and fingered the ribbon beneath her chin. “You could take off your hat. If that will make you free.”

“No, that will invite more stares. Curly thick locks compared to yours will get everyone talking. Can’t you see how they are looking at us, wondering what Arthur Bex is doing taking tea with me?”

“Maybe they are pondering why Miss Croome is taking tea with an actor? My profession, as you’ve said, isn’t quite what everyone wants for their daughter’s husband.”

“Not in this part of London, Mr. Bex. Closer to Cheapside in the old Huguenot areas, the Croome name is better known. Lord knows a few of my mother’s friends would be running to tell her if they saw us.”

“You mean the areas closer to the textile warehouses, or where the Blackamoor populations congregate?”

She looked at his sly, cutting smile, his dark chestnut-brown hair, and swarthy sun-kissed skin—not a trace of stupid. “You know what I mean, sir.”

He nodded. His fingers brushed her hand again as he reached for a biscuit. “Yes, yes, I do. But I’m thinking that may not matter so much when it comes to compatibility.”

He could’ve spoken French, though she was fluent, or Russian. It could be gibberish, and she’d still nod her head. His voice had wrapped around her and crushed her in warmth. There was no escaping her attraction to him, but she would for Frederica. “My friend Miss Burghley is very kind. Some consider her my prettiest friend. Her complexion is lighter, her connections are higher. She is looking for a lifelong companion. I’ve no problems going and retrieving her from her carriage. You both may have more in common.”

He wiped crumbs from his mouth, and his deep smile captured her with a draw that couldn’t be denied. “How would that sit with you, Miss Croome?” His voice became sultry as he leaned closer. “Would it do well with you if I whispered my intent in her ear, not yours?”

Her face felt hot. He was teasing her, and his confidence was alluring. She was her father’s daughter, and she liked a confident man. “No. It would not. You’re very sure of yourself.”

“A good actor knows his audience. I can tell that you like me, Miss Croome. And I think I like you, too.”

Her worst day had become her best, but now it was bad again for evening would come and this affair would be done. She’d be engaged to a troll, the son of a troll.

After another sip of his steaming tea, Bex said, “Fitzwilliam-Cecil, the playwright, says you can quote Shakespeare as well as he. What’s not to like about that?”

He’d asked about her, then? Could one burst into flames from blushing? If he kept it up, they’d both find out.

“If you are done passing me to your friends, let’s discuss your intentions. Are you wanting to be married, Miss Croome?”

How many times had she thought of Bex, heard his voice riveting her soul? But not once was he telling jokes. He wasn’t being serious. Marriage was serious. If he wasn’t focused on their union, distractions could come upon him. He’d stray like Papa. She sat up straight. “I’m not done with my questions. Just because I like you, that’s not eeeeeenough. Have you ever been married?”

“No, Miss Croome. If we decide to pursue you liking me, you would be my first and only bride.”

“Do you have a mistress?”

His face sobered. “Not now, not for a year.”

Her brow raised on that answer. Bex was a handsome man, the rage of London. It was hard to believe he was alone. “So you’ll take one after we wed? I hear that’s what important men do. It makes them feel powerful.”

He frowned for a moment. “I made jokes to put you at ease, but I’ll be perfectly serious in answering you. I want your trust. I need a wife who will believe in me wholly, so I’ll take no mistress. A man has no honor if he cannot stay true to his vows. The same for you. There should be no one other than me.”

She swallowed, thinking of her father’s failings. Anyone could fall, even with the best intentions. “You’re not diseased or running from the law?”

He scratched his chin which held a little shadow. “Miss Croome, aren’t you being a little dramatic?”

“Answer the question, if you can.”

“Everyone knows Arthur Bex.” He waved at a patron who seemed to be staring, then settled his hand back to the table, again next to hers. “I could hardly run from illegalities. Why don’t you tell me your true objection? Am I not what you expected?”

“No. This is some cruel joke. I want to pinch myself again, but you stopped me from doing that.”

“You could pinch me if that would help.”

She rolled her eyes and peered around his broad shoulders at the other patrons of the inn. No one glared at her and Bex anymore. They’d faded into the noise. “This is the most I’ve ever said to you. Doesn’t that concern you?”

“Not in the least. A shy woman will run from scandal. The widowed countess I last spent time with seeded the newspaper men with gossip about me. I want privacy for my home, my loved ones—if I had any.”

His fingers lay so close to her hand. She could count the dimples in his knuckles or trace his off-kilter index finger, the one he’d injured last year when the skull of Yorick fell upon it during a rehearsal.

Yes. She knew too much of him and the Countess Devoors, the last woman the papers had linked him to. The countess seemed vivacious and was always in the gossip stories. Nothing like shy Ester. She gripped the gnarled table’s edge. “I remember reading that your parents died at an early age.”

He looked away, maybe for the first time. Had she offended him, or was the memory of such early loss painful?

“There is no one close to me, now. Just a would-be groom who runs errands for me.”

His wondrous voice held notes of sadness. She couldn’t let him stew in loss and pushed the saucer with the last biscuit his way. “You could have any woman, Mr. Bex. I’ve seen how they follow you. Even the barmaids here are ogling you. Why seek a bride by newspaper?”

“You’ve watched me?” He edged closer as he munched the last treat. His whisper fell across her brow. “You feel you know me?”

Skin heating from his biscuit-laced breath, she willed her chin to rise so she could bask fully in his close gaze. “Like you said. Everyone knows Arthur Bex, the great actor, but I wonder about the man answering advertisements for a wife.”

“I’m a simple creature, Miss Croome. I love the theater, but I’m driven to right the wrongs of this day. I wasn’t given my talents to squander them. I aim to make a difference, but it’s time to have a wife. I wish for one that understands the demands upon me, one that’s logical, and not compelled by the twists of a long courtship, one who is as resistant to scandal as I am.”

“That is admirable and good. But a wife of another race could be problematic. I wouldn’t want to cause harm to your reputation.”

“There are worse things to harm a reputation than a different type of wife. You seem to keep saying why you’re not the one for me. I say, why not you, Miss Croome? Fate, a friend, and a newspaper have brought us together. I say, why not us. What is your true hesitation?”

“My father has other ideas. He wants me to wed a business colleague’s son.”

He stopped toying with the shrinking distance of their fingers and took her hand, sending another spark up her arm. “Ah, the other option. I sense that the son is your father’s choice and not yours? I still want to know why not you and me?”

She closed her gloved palm about his and dropped it to the bench. “We are not engaged yet. You can’t be so familiar.”

He chuckled, then swooped in. “I sense you are on the verge of deciding. I’ll take an unfair advantage. Besides, I like the hint of henna that blooms on your face when I touch you.”

She folded her arms about her as if that could keep her heart from racing. “Do you know what it’s like to hear your deep baritone say those sweet words to me?”

“Then hear my soul speak, dear lady. The very instant I saw you, did my heart fly to your service.”

He was quoting Shakespeare to her as he had quoted it on stage when he performed The Tempest, but those words of instant love couldn’t be Bex’s. They were Ester’s. She closed her eyes, forgetting the noisy inn and even Bex’s honey voice and said, “‘The very instant that I saw you did my heart fly to your service, there it resides to make me a slave to it.’”

“No. No one is a slave, or they shouldn’t be. No, you have choices. I want to be your choice, Miss Croome.” His tone had hardened, then softened upon saying her name.

“I don’t know what to think, Mr. Bex. I can’t pretend not to be awed by you.”

With a sigh, he sat back. “You are free to walk away from this moment, but I think we should try. Where else will I find a lover of Shakespeare’s words? Yes, you are special. I think you should accept me. You, too, I assume, are not married, have no benefactor arrangements. I presume you are not sick or hiding from criminality. On your criteria alone, I think we are perfectly suited.”

How many times had she thought of this man during theater season and hushed Frederica or their friend Theodosia, just to hear his voice, clear and true? How many times had she kicked herself for lacking the courage to say a few words to him at Theodosia’s wedding celebration? Ester picked up her sketchbook and waved cool, sweet air to her face. “I don’t have time to rationalize this, Mr. Bex, or think about it a hundred and five times. This is either madness or a dream come true.”

“I hope for truth and righteousness. I feel that it is, but I won’t rush you, Miss Croome. You can take—”

“No, I must rush you. If we are to do this, we must elope tonight.”

“Tonight? There would be no time to get a license. The banns have not been read. We’d have to go to Scotland.”

“Yes.”

His brow wrinkled. “The blacksmith at Gretna Green who’ll do the ceremony is at least four or five days away. It will be a ten-day trip in total to return to London. That is traveling day and night, unsupervised. It would be better if we waited for a proper license. We could get to know each other, without testing each other so soon.”

“It must be tonight. A harrowing escape will bind us together. Doesn’t adversity do that? It does for friends. Why not man and wife? But if you’re not inclined, I won’t push.” She put her hand on the table to rise but his palm pressed atop hers.

“I’m inclined. And a woman who can make up her mind so quickly and in my favor is to be treasured. I was thinking of you. I don’t want to run as if this were illicit, like we are wanted criminals.”

His voice had changed. It seemed to hold the softness of a bad memory, one that he failed to repress.

Her weak-for-him heart softened more. He deserved to hear the whole truth. With a quick breath, she forced her tongue to admit it. “If we don’t elope tonight, I’ll be forced to marry my father’s choice on my twenty-first birthday, a month from today. The man is a womanizing brute.”

“Then you do need saving.” He folded his arms. “If we make good time, we could return in time for the rehearsal of my next play. Yes, Miss Croome. Let me be the one. Let us elope, tonight.”

“No one is safe from my father’s wrath. Josiah Croome’s temper is legendary. Once he figures it out, he will give chase. The more I think about it, the more I fail to believe we have a chance. Forget I said anything about eloping tonight. Thank you for the tea, Mr. Bex.”

“I like challenges, particularly one with poor odds and dire consequences. Let’s try, Miss Croome. Let’s prove wrong the naysayers, even the ones beneath your pretty bonnet. I’ll take a gamble on a fellow Shakespeare lover. Where do I meet you?”

“Come to Nineteen Fournier. At five minutes after midnight, I’ll be at the far corner of the house, waiting in the parlor beside the wide window. I’ll jump down from it, and we can ride off to Gretna Green.”

Ester stood up, but he took her hand and pressed it to his lips. “I’ll be there, five after midnight.”

“I’ll understand if you don’t show, Mr. Bex.”

“I’ll be there to catch you, my future wife. And I’ll knock on the door and come inside if you don’t come down. Don’t make me ascend a balcony for you. I will. You’ve seen me do it.”

The smile he sent her made her knees knock, even more so than the eyes of everyone in the inn looking at Bex romance her. She shook her head and focused on him. “I remember your performance as Romeo in Romeo and Juliet. It was quite good. This isn’t pretend.”

“I’ll be there, for we are now engaged, my sun.”

This could be fun with endless references to theater plays. She smiled at her sweet prince. “Sorrowfully parting from you until tonight, Mr. Bex.” She floated out of the inn, not looking back, not wanting this moment to be taken from her. Arthur Bex knew Ester’s name and wanted to elope.

She leaned on Frederica’s carriage door. Everything would change at the toll of midnight. This daydream of marrying Arthur Bex would surely go away. At five minutes after midnight, the truth would return and the arranged engagement set up by her father would begin. Josiah Croome believed he could run the world and that included his daughter’s domestic happiness. The men who crossed him were doomed. One had even fled to the Americas. Would that be Bex’s fate?

She hugged her sketchbook before taking the door handle. The naysayers in her bonnet, as Bex had put it, were robbing her of the joy she’d stumbled upon. Tonight, she’d be engaged, either to Arthur Bex, the man of her dreams, or the womanizer dreamed up by her father. Ester shook her head. The hours until five after midnight would be the longest ones in her life.





Chapter Four

Pacing and Partying

From the top of the stairs, Ester snuck unnoticed past the floor where the dining room was and on to the lower level. On the bottom tread, she took a breath and traced the glow of the tall beeswax candles in the Rococo chandelier in the main hall of Nineteen Fournier.

It had been old and dusty when Papa first took possession of the house, but Mama had cleaned it, found artisans amongst their old neighbors to make it shine, like she had done for the rest of the house.

Ester had been such a fool to think them happy. The grim look upon her mother’s face when they’d first lit the chandelier should’ve been a warning. How could one be saddened by a fixture with gilded carved acanthus leaves made to suspend cut glass that looked like diamonds? With the long candles installed on the chandelier and even in the mirrored wall sconces, this party would go to three or four hours in the morning. Very good. She and Bex would have a head start—if he came—if she leaped to him.

Though indecision warred inside, she’d changed her dress to one she could manage without a maid and her undergarments to ones with a corset and ribbons in the front. Being on the run meant being quick, and she’d not be the reason they’d be caught. In her bag, she’d packed two easier buttoning dresses, a nightgown and robe, lilac soaps, a sack of charcoal, and her never-to-be-forgotten sketch pad. She was ready to elope. That seemed brave, but could she truly do it? Did that type of courage exist in her bones?

“Miss Croome, shouldn’t you be upstairs readying for dinner?”

She nearly jumped out of her skin at Clancy’s sudden appearance. “Yes.” Her voice sounded like a croak.

“You have your traveling bag? You going to stay with your friend with the two names, now Cecil-Fitzwilliam Fitzwilliam-Cecil after the party?”

Ester never lied, but misdirection—that was something entirely different. “I’m planning to leave by the time the party ends or even before. You know how long these things go.”

“Sounds like you’re up to something.”

Her eyes popped wide, but she relaxed at the wail of his laughter.

“I’m just jossin’ with you. Here, I’ll take that.”

Ester’s heart started to beat again. Time to act as if nothing was wrong. She handed the bag to him then adjusted her creamy silk gloves. They matched her robin’s-egg blue gown with its high lace surrounding her neck. “You are a dear. Put it in the closet in the parlor.”

“Yes, ma’am.” He picked it up. “Your mother’s upstairs in the dining room. I think she’s looking for you.”

“Thank you, Clancy. If I’ve ever failed to thank you for your service, for every kindness you do, let me tell you how much you mean to me, this family.”

The old man dimpled and then headed to the parlor. He was a dear, and his humor would be needed to help soothe Mama and Papa when they discovered Ester had eloped.

The upstairs grandfather clock’s moans reached her ear.

Seven o’clock. Still trying to feign calm, she waited until she saw Clancy go inside and then come out of the parlor. Step one was accomplished. Her bag was in place. If Bex showed, she wouldn’t have to think of anything or need any excuses.

Mrs. Fitterwall swished by, her strawberry-red hair matching her gingham skirts. “Good, you finally crawled out of your second bath. I swear you are going to be all wrinkled if you keep to that.”

Ester put her arms about her shoulders and swayed to the music beginning to filter down the stairs. “Nothing helps to make sense of things like soaking in a lilac-scented bath.”

The housekeeper stopped and pointed her finger at each sconce, then the chandelier. “The hired servants for the party lit that. One thing completed on your mother’s list. She frets so much about her parties. I’ve known her since we first worked together as maids in Mayfair. She’d get like this about our employers’ affairs, too.”

Affairs? That was the last thing Ester wanted to think of. “What more is there to do? The dining room is set. The musicians have arrived. You hear them practicing.”

Mrs. Fitterwall put a hand on her hip. “You know it’s not done till Mrs. Croome says it is. Her celebrations have to be perfect. I think she gets her love of big to-dos from the sugar plantations where she’s from.” The woman clasped her hands together. “You know she’ll make sure your upcoming wedding celebration is perfect. She truly wants to give one of her daughters a proper wedding breakfast.”

Running away with Bex would deprive her mother of all the things she seemed to enjoy. When Ruth’s arranged marriage had happened so fast, Mama hadn’t been able to plan a proper wedding. She’d been so sad about it. The family had lived at Fournier only two years then, after practically growing up in the two-room apartment above Papa’s warehouse. Had those small quarters, with the peephole to spy on things below, been better days? Had it been the last time the Croomes were all truly happy?

Another fiddler’s tune joined the first as more music filled the house. After dinner was done, they’d play full-on, and Nineteen Fournier would become a place for dancing. The perfect time to escape with Bex.

“Miss Ester,” said Mrs. Fitterwall. “Don’t doddle too long. Your mother needs you.”

The housekeeper went back upstairs. She was a good addition to Nineteen Fournier, maybe the best, for she and Mama had a wonderful friendship beyond employer and employee. Sometimes, Ester wished she and her mother were as close.

With slow steps, Ester started for the stairs to the dining room, and Mama, but stopped and twirled under the candelabra. That first day Papa had shown them this house, before anything inside had been restored, she and her father had danced under it. With his big thick arms, he’d twirled her high as Mama and Ruth had looked on, laughing. He had been perfect then. She’d known of no wrongs, no transgressions. How long had they lived a lie?

“Ester.”

She looked up and faced her father. “I see those dancing lessons I paid for have worked. You look like you could float.”

Dressed in his onyx tailcoat and formal white silk waistcoat over dark pantaloons, Papa came down from her parent’s second-floor bedchamber. His head swung from side to side, no doubt admiring the lighting, maybe remembering those easier times, too.

After tugging his white, white gloves over his big hands, he held out his palm. “May I twirl the loveliest daughter at the party?”

Ester stared at his pristine dancing gloves. This could be one of her last moments to spend with Papa before riding off with Bex. So, she’d pretend she was fifteen again and Papa was her hero. She took his hand, clutched it tight, and let him spin her until they both were laughing and breathless.

“Ester!” That was Mama’s voice.

Papa put his big arms about her and gave her a large hug. “She probably needs you, but I’m happy, sweet girl.”

“Happy about what?” Ester slipped away from him and smoothed the shimmering overdress that surrounded her robin’s-egg blue gown. She fingered the matching thin bonnet to make sure the hat wasn’t going to fall and unravel her thick braid. “Has something changed?”

Her father’s smile diminished. “You’ve come around to the idea of an engagement.”

“I am not happy about your arrangement. I won’t marry him.”

“Ester, this is best. You’ll be happy.”

“As happy as you and my mother?” Ester turned from Papa and the hurt in his dark eyes. She couldn’t pretend anymore. She couldn’t lie as well as Josiah Croome, either. “I need to go to Mama.”

She left him standing under the chandelier. She wasn’t fifteen anymore. Her new hero would come for her at five past midnight. But what if Bex’s sweet talk was acting, and he proved to be no better than Papa?

The hairs on her neck rose. She felt dizzy and clutched the banister more tightly. Then she bucked up her spirit. Bex was better than her father’s choice. At the second level, she moved toward the dining room and counted on her fingers the new servants she passed. Each wore crisp blue satin livery, no doubt some imported fabric that Papa had procured for this party. Four men, all tall, each with freshly-powdered locks. This party was even bigger than last Christmas Eve, when Papa had celebrated the new contract for the mantua-maker at Burlingame. Such a high moment for the Croomes. The next day, making room for Papa’s new desk, Ester had found the love letters.

“Ester?” her mother said. “I need your help. You’ll have your own home soon. You’ll need to know these things.”

“I’m not much for place settings. That was Ruth’s job.”

Mama looked off into the distance. Thirty seconds passed before she returned her gaze. “You will be under the scrutiny of the Jordans. I wouldn’t want you saying something unwarranted.”

Ester brow and her ire raised. “Unwarranted? Like what?”

“I don’t know. Politics, or your theater nonsense.”

“You mean everything that is worth anything?”

Mama stopped aligning the forks. “Mrs. Jordan thinks you are a tad bit spirited for her son. Charles Jordan is a handsome young man. How well his hands will look on yours as we give you the wedding I’ve dreamed of, one bigger, even, than what I wanted for your sister.”

“Yes, Ruth had to go away with her husband. Did she try to rebel against the arrangement you and Papa made? It’s so odd they haven’t visited in two years.”

Mama moved to an adjacent table and smoothed the white linens. “She’s doing what’s best for her family. You will, too. You’re very level-headed.”

She fluttered a napkin before folding a perfect square. “The gown I’ve planned for your wedding will make you look regal. The decorations for your wedding breakfast will be perfect. This will be the most celebrated wedding. You and Jordan will do well.”

Burning inside, words and gall pitting in her throat, Ester threw up her hands. “We won’t. He’s not Arthur Bex.”

“Not the actor again? I don’t want that actor’s or any actors’ hands on you.”

Something in the way she said “hands,” made Ester angrier. “So, if Jordan were a mulatto like you or Miss Burghley, our hands wouldn’t match well. Or if his skin were pale like your father’s—”

The look her mother offered, blank eyes, mouth shrinking to a grim line, made Ester cringe. Her heart dove into her stomach. “I’m sorry, Mama. I’ve said too much. I didn’t mean to bring up the memories.”

Her mother lowered her head. She twisted one of her rings before latching on to a misaligned plate. “You have a mouth on you. But you know how we’ve fretted for Papa’s business dealings—that he’d shake the wrong hands and never come home.”

Ester knew. And could count on her fingers and toes, triple the times they’d feared that he’d disappear like some of their old neighbors, taught a lesson, a fatal lesson like Papa’s brother. Yes. Ester knew, and her stomach knotted, and she swallowed bile. “Sorry, Mama.”

Her mother pressed at her temples like she had a severe headache. “Tonight, we celebrate the anniversary of moving into this house. Perhaps, you and Charles can live here once you’ve married. It could help you settle into the marriage, knowing we are here to help. Mrs. Jordan thinks that will help her son settle in, too.”

“You mean, stepson.” Ester sank into one of the diner chairs and ruffled the tablecloth. The spotless silver service cast a sparkle on the pale blue walls. “The girl is barely older than me. And if that is true, that I’m so spirited, why do they want me to marry him? I can’t do this. I won’t twist up who I am.”

“Who are you, Ester?” Mama stopped poking and sliding silverware and folded her arms in their elegant emerald silk sleeves. She glared, her forest green eyes narrowing. “Let me tell you who you are. You are the daughter of Josiah Croome, the granddaughter and niece of proud women who did what they had to, to survive. You’ve been brought up educated, and now have a taste for the finest things. You’re a jewel. A man will strive to become what he sees blooming in your eyes. He’ll want to be the source of your joy and pride. So, fix your face and lift your head. Do us honor tonight.”

Ester drew back. That was the sternest thing Mama had ever said to her. “Yes, ma’am.” She pushed a fork askew. “I can’t set Charles Jordan’s table or just be ready for his bed—that is, if he chooses to be there. I refuse to turn myself into nothing for some sort of status.”

“You mean like me?” Mama pushed the fork back into position. “You were never really good at setting tables. That was Ruth’s gift. Maybe she can be spared from the country and come back for a visit. Maybe as soon as your wedding. That would be an excuse for her to come.” Mama twisted her rings, all gold, one with a jade stone. “You’re young, Ester. You’ve been sheltered. You don’t understand the cruelty of this world or its hard choices.”

“I’m not naive. I see the world as it is.”

There was pain in Mama’s eyes. The little flecks of gold had disappeared in the glossy wetness. “No. If you truly saw the world, you’d know how hard it is to be a good wife, a good mother. You’d know the sacrifices I’ve made for the family. Then you’d respect my choices.”

Mama turned and headed to the door, but paused in the threshold. “The Jordans are a decent, respectable family. For my party, give it a chance. Be kind tonight. I’ll see what can be done, if you are truly against this.”

Ester loved her mother, but she couldn’t respect the choice of not even getting angry at Papa, of going through Christmas dinner with smiles as if nothing had happened. She had even chastised Ester for confronting her father over the affair.

Pushing a knife to align with the crystal goblet, Ester fought her own tears. She’d do anything for her mother—anything but marry a known philanderer.

Maybe things had changed between her parents. There were signs of true affection betwixt them, like the way he kissed Mama’s cheek at breakfast. The way her eyes had lit up when he’d given her a pearl necklace for her birthday.

But Ester wasn’t her mother.

Eloping tonight was the chance to ensure that she’d never become her. Bex played men of honor on stage, men so deeply rooted in love and principles that they would die rather than be untrue. With life, there were no guarantees. Yet, the way the papers hounded him, if he were a lout, something would’ve been printed about his wild life? The break with Countess Devoors was the worst gossip she’d seen, and that wasn’t bad—just a woman throwing dishes because Bex didn’t want to go to a party.

With a sigh, Ester moved into the drawing room, which had been opened for dancing.

A servant chalked the floor as they’d seen Papa’s best client, a duchess, do. The woman had paid him well for importing special fabrics so she could be the fashion rage of the season, and the duchess had let Papa and Ester come by for a few moments before the rest of her guests had arrived. Papa had wanted to see her house. That was how he set his dreams, looking at what he wanted and pushing for it.

Walking fast, she almost leaped down the stairs. Back on the first level, she veered straight to Mama’s parlor. Once inside, Ester closed the door then settled near the window. She peeked through the leaded glass. The waves in the pane made it look like it had rained. Fournier Street was lit up with link boys to guide the carriages to the house and the mews. The place would be filled with friends for Mama’s party, but Ester wanted a light showing her the way to her dreams. What would be her path? Was it running away with Bex? What would she do if he didn’t appear?

…

In the mews near the White Horse Cellar, Arthur stood at his phaeton and pulled his pocket watch from his waistcoat. It was four hours to midnight, four hours and five minutes before eloping with the future Mrs. Bex—

“There you are, Bex.”

Arthur turned to the hoarse-sounding voice. Phineas, the dogged reporter, entered the mews. The man leaned against a wall with one of his trademark Hessian boots lifted onto the stall rail. “Are you sure you have to leave now? I could buy you a brandy, and we could chat.”

Trying to ignore the hound, Arthur worked on his horse, checking the harness, tugging each ring and each strap. At his flat in Cheapside, Jonesy would do it, but away from there, he needed to be careful. Someone against his message of abolition might play tricks or create sabotage. He tightened the backhand and bellyband around his silver gelding. “I have an appointment, Phineas.”

The man came to the other side of his gig. “A late-night rehearsal? Or a rendezvous? I hear it’s not uncommon for men of the theater to keep numerous mistresses.”

Phineas was an irritant, one who’d successfully become a burr in Arthur’s saddle. The man wouldn’t quit digging. “You should know. You follow me everywhere. Take a break from this chase and go interview the countess again. She’s always ready for gossip.”

The reporter started to laugh. “Oh, you saw my article in last week’s paper. Mighty interesting, your being involved with a woman for two years and yet she knows nothing of your past.”

Arthur hated that the woman had again tried to make a headline out of him, a year past their break. A woman who wouldn’t seek scandal was what he needed. His quick gamble to marry the shy Miss Croome was looking better. “Phineas, why not report on matters like slavery in the colonies and help stop all the blasted slave ships that still roam the seas? That’s a worthier fight to take on than the private life of an actor. Go fight wrongs. Do good.”

The reporter chuckled. “Finding out the sins of famous men is what I do. You know those make the front page. That’s what people want to read.”

Tired of games, Arthur drew in a breath and readied his sore knuckles to come to blows. “If you have something to accuse me of, say it. The newspapers print sinful lies. They need to be sued.”

Pushing away until he backed into the rails, Phineas frowned. “I have nothing yet. But there is a great deal of smoke about you, Gunpowder. No one had heard of you before your acting debut. You have no family or lifelong friends. No pretty little wife to talk of your good points. No children. You’re in your late thirties, right?”

Barely thirty-four, but he’d not say that. Giving Phineas any detail could give the dog new life on his digging. Yet, what the man said was true. There was no one to attest to anything good or bad about him, except Jonesy, and most would discount the boy because of his disfigurement. Arthur had lost all connections when he had righted a horrible wrong, but no one fretted about those details when hunting juicy tidbits. “Over thirty. And I have not had the fortune to marry.” Yet.

Phineas’s lips drew to a circle. “Pretty peculiar to be at this point in your life with no one to attest to your goodness. You do like women, Bex.”

“I do. I also prefer solitude. It helps to perfect my craft. Why are you pestering me? Is there a sister or niece you wish me to meet? I’m very picky but could keep them both entertained.”

That got to Phineas because the man frowned, and his beak nose flared. “I have a gripe. Your debut, the starring role that made you—do you remember it?”

Arthur looked up at the sky, his heart pounding with the memory of taking the stage. The role of Hamlet wrapped about him. “Yes. It was a character meant for me.”

“It was my brother’s.” Phineas pounded his fist into the post. “He’s now reduced to bit parts.”

Arthur rent his frockcoat open. “Then he shouldn’t have been so drunk on opening night.”

“So, yes. This reporting started as revenge, but my articles have added to my readership. Now, I’m more than curious. Give me your story, Bex. Be cooperative. I could make your interview in print be more forgiving. It’s obvious you’re hiding something. Confess to me. It’ll make the medicine less painful.”

“I am neither sick or stupid. I want to be left alone.”

“A man in your position with no family or connections is rare. You should take care. Someone could make things up, and not a soul would be able to come to your defense.”

Arthur fisted his hand. “Phineas, I’d be careful if I were you.”

“Is that why your knuckles are red?”

The drunk from the cellar had come back at him after the young woman left, saying all types of crass things—slave-lover, fancy-thief, or the oddest one, accusing of him of wanting tar-water kisses. Arthur flexed his stinging fingers but reined himself in from slamming his fist into the reporter’s face. “I don’t take kindly to threats, or to people who threaten those under my protection.”

“Who is under your protection? Was boxing in your past?”

Arthur stepped up upon his phaeton and bowed in dramatic fashion, as if he were leaving the stage. “This interview is over. Chase one of the folks in Parliament who are standing in the way of justice for a scandal. Write on freeing men in our colonies—then we’ll have more to speak of.”

“No, I’ll stick with smoke, Gunpowder.”

Gripping the reins, Arthur pushed his hat down. “Good evening, Phineas.”

“When you’re ready to confess, Bex, I’ll be around.”

Arthur’s uncle would say something about ticks latching on to a dog’s coat. Arthur didn’t like ticks, Phineas, or memories of his uncle. “You’ll be waiting a long time.”

“Time is my friend. What is that actor’s line about truth outing?”

Stewing, Arthur made his horse race forward, away from the determined reporter. He didn’t want the man to follow him to the stables where Arthur would lease a second horse for the trip to Gretna. He couldn’t afford the man asking questions that would lead to Miss Croome, especially when Arthur wasn’t sure if she’d actually elope with him.

The girl was perfect—shy, articulate, well-curved. Someone who, in time, would attest to his good character.

If the truth “outed,” she would need to say he wasn’t a monster, that every speech he’d made was true, that he wasn’t like his uncle, the man who’d raised him after the deaths of his parents.

Slowing his gig, Arthur dusted the seat beside him, slapping his glove against the worn leather. He had no one, not a soul from his past to attest to his mostly good upbringing. In his old shipping town of Liverpool, most only knew of the villain named Bexeley, the man who had been every inch a monster to everyone but his nephew, Arthur. If the truth ever came out, everyone would think Arthur a monster, too.

The question remained, was Ester Croome the woman who’d vouch for him? He’d know five minutes past midnight. If she appeared and escaped with him, that would prove she had mettle, truly tough insides to weather the scandal if his past came to light. Then he, the loner, had to figure out how to make her love him enough that she could say, without equivocation, that a man raised by a murderer wasn’t one. That he was honorable and true.

He slumped in his seat as he navigated the streets by the glow of the gaslight. The role of a smitten husband wasn’t going to be hard for an actor of his caliber to perform. And Miss Croome was not immune to his charm. He hadn’t made a woman blush so much in quite a while. Could Miss Croome become a woman with complete faith in a husband with a shadowy past?





Chapter Five

Almost Midnight

After twenty minutes of pacing in Mama’s parlor, peeking out of Nineteen Fournier windows and listening to Clancy announce each guest, Ester heard the names she had been waiting for.

“Mr. and Mrs. Fitzwilliam-Cecil.” Clancy’s voice carried above the lull of the music. Out of the parlor like a rabbit, Ester slowed her gait to a leisurely stroll until she grabbed Theodosia in a hug, crushing her fine indigo gown. “I’ve so missed you.”

“Ester,” she said, “I know I’ve been poorly of late, but I am feeling much better.” She hugged Ester more tightly. “What is it? What is wrong?”

Her friend knew her well. “Come with me.” She grabbed Theodosia’s arm, almost dragging her into the parlor.

Her husband, Ewan Fitzwilliam-Cecil, followed. His gaze seemed locked on his wife, and he hadn’t let go of her other hand.

Ester had grown more comfortable with him, and was even fond of him, but she needed to tell Theodosia alone. She released her friend and moved to the parlor door. “Mr. Fitzwilliam—I mean, Fitzwilliam-Cecil—I need to speak to your wife. Something for her ears only. It’s a matter that cannot be delayed.”

He puffed up his chest before kissing Theodosia’s fingers. “Miss Croome, we are a well-matched pair tonight. You’ll have to share this dark secret with both of us.”

Theodosia smoothed his ivory cravat against his damask waistcoat. The man was handsome in black and white. “Ewan. I’m feeling much better. You don’t have to hover.”

Mr. Fitzwilliam-Cecil’s countenance softened, filling with what Ester imagined any girl would want from a husband—a mix of concern and perhaps the desire that only the deepest love could bring. “I intend to crowd you, my dear,” he said, “I haven’t had my fill of you. Don’t believe it possible.”

Theodosia’s pale cheeks darkened. Her coloring was off from her normally healthy bronze features. “There’s no winning when he’s like this, Ester. Not even Phillip’s smiles can break his determination.”

“Well, Phillip’s good looks will break hearts. Just not his papa…stepfather’s.”

His smile dimmed at the truth of their son’s parentage they’d been forced to hide, but a touch of Theodosia’s hand to his cheek renewed the lift of his lips. The two were beaming, so entangled in each other’s confidences that Ester wondered if they remembered she was still in the same room. She gave a cough. “Frederica’s newspaper advertisement. Well, she gave the would-be-groom to me. I’m going to elope with him tonight.”

“Elope tonight? Ester?” Theodosia’s voice sounded low, almost cracking. “Why would she give him to you? A man isn’t a handkerchief to be borrowed. And you. You haven’t indicated that you were ready to marry, let alone elope. Is he here at your mother’s party?”

“Not yet. The man, the handkerchief, is Arthur Bex.”

“Wait. You ladies are still with this newspaper advertisement business?” Fitzwilliam-Cecil squinted. “Theodosia?”

She cast him a look, an arched brow above a sly, crescent-shaped eyelid. “Ewan, it worked out well for us.”

Her husband paced with his hands behind his back, very much the picture of an elegant penguin. “And Bex is in this, too? I told you he’s hiding something.”

Something burned in Ester’s chest at the insinuation. “What has he done? Name an instance of him being untrustworthy.”

The playwright rubbed at his neck. “I know of nothing directly, but no one had heard of him prior to three years ago. Then he had a horrid break with a countess and it was in the papers.”

“He’s famous. I know it must be terrible having your every move scrutinized. I think that would make anyone seek privacy. But to accuse him of something nefarious without proof, that’s wrong. You, of all people, should know to have proof.”

Surely dwelling on his and Theodosia’s bumpy journey back to love, he frowned. “I’m just concerned for you, as I am for all of my wife’s friends. You ladies are special, and there are a lot more villains in this world than heroes.”

Theodosia adjusted her deep blue gloves. “Ewan, Ester Croome’s smart. You don’t have to fret, but I must speak to her alone.”

He nodded and went to the door. “Let me go find my brother and see if he’s still looking in the newspaper for a bride, the next Lady Hartwell.” The man stopped his grousing at the door, his countenance clearing of its frown. “Take care, Miss Croome. I know you’re partial to Bex’s voice, his stage presence. You deserve to be happy.”

“Yes. I do. I think I can be happy with Bex, and he wants to marry me.”

Theodosia walked her husband to the door. “Let me see what can be done. Pretend nothing is wrong. Is that something a successful playwright can do?”

“I won’t betray confidences.” He put a kiss to Theodosia’s palm. “But convince Miss Croome to take care. There’s something about Bex…his radical ties.”

“Go out and save your brother Hartwell from receiving stares. He might not be as comfortable as you in these settings.”

Ester knew what she meant. Theodosia’s husband and her brother-in-law, the viscount, along with a banker and some representatives of Stephenson Clarke Shipping who’d enjoyed Papa’s fabric trade from Jamaica, were the only pale faces in a sea of chestnut, olive, henna, and ebony. It could be uncomfortable for them. How would Bex fit into such a setting? Would he be beset with nervousness, like Ester? How would she do in his world full of strangers and other actors—all different from her?

Theodosia closed the door, came to Ester, and clasped her palms. “I know you have feelings for this actor. You’ve liked him since we saw him in that play, with Frederica, almost two and a half years ago.”

“I’m in love with Arthur Bex, and now he wants to marry me.” Her voice, to her own ears, sounded proud, and she was. How could she not be, with the man of her dreams coming for her tonight?

The sleek ebony hair of Theodosia’s chignon bobbled as she shook her head, “Star-struck love…it’s not the same as deep love. And it’s not mutual. You must be logical. Think of what a wrong choice could cost. Your parents will disapprove of an actor.”

The breath almost left Ester, and she wrapped her arms about her to keep her heart safe. “You are married to a playwright. How can you talk about an actor so poorly?”

Putting a palm on Ester’s crossed arms, Theodosia said, “I have no parents to disapprove. You and Frederica are the only ones whose opinions mattered to me.”

Ester pulled away. “Then you, of all people, should be supportive. Arthur Bex has dined at your table. He’s been in one of your husband’s productions. How can you stand here and talk about him as if he were nothing?”

Theodosia stopped reaching for her and lowered her arms against the shiny satin of her gown. Croome fabrics draped both of them, but they couldn’t be more different.

“I respect Bex’s profession, Ester, but I am not your parents. I know how important their approval is to you.”

The approval of her parents had been everything until she’d discovered that they were living a lie. She shook her head. “This has nothing to do with them. It’s about Bex. He wants to marry me. Maybe when he saw me, he loved me, too.”

Theodosia nodded. “There is much to love about you. You’re smart and thoughtful. Never rash. Why not wait a month, meet with him a few more times—”

“I don’t have a month. Tonight, my father is to announce my engagement to a philanderer. Of course, he sees nothing wrong with that.”

“Your father wouldn’t do that. There must be some mistake. Mr. Croome adores you. He’d never do something that would make you so unhappy.”

“I’ve seen the contract. He’s told me so. The only mistake is mine, believing I had more time, or that my parents would afford me the opportunity to choose. I’m just a pawn in Papa’s negotiations. Maybe now he’ll make enough money to get that Cheapside home, perhaps even Mayfair, if they’ll sell to Blackamoors.”

“Ester. I know you are still smarting from the letters you found.”

“Father’s letters to his mistress. Those letters?” Ester moved to the window and wrapped the heavy purple tapestry curtain betwixt her palms, dragging the ribbon trimmings through her fingers. She had wanted her voice to sound calm, but the rage and disappointment of it all ripped through her again. She sat on the sill. “I thought things were so perfect. That my mother and father had found each other. I wanted a love like theirs.”

“Ester, they love each other now. He’s giving her this wonderful party.”

“Perhaps, but I don’t want his kind of love. Not any part of it. I’d rather listen to Bex say my name. I can live in his voice.”

“What happens when the talking stops? It always does.” Theodosia sat on Mama’s couch, the side with no arm, and stretched out. “Whatever happened was a long time ago. You said yourself those letters were four or five years old.”

Rubbing her temples, Ester exhaled. Too much tension had invaded her chest. Those were the ones she’d found. How many more existed? “We’d just moved into Nineteen Fournier. Mother was in the middle of restoring it to make it her dream home. Why would she leave him when he’d put a new roof over our heads? She never even became angry with him. Not an outspoken word.”

“Nothing?” Theodosia cupped her elbows and rocked, as she did when she tried to figure things out. “Maybe you just didn’t see it. Your mother is a very private woman. But what does this have to do with you? You’re not marrying your father.”

Ester peered out to the street again. More carriages lined it. The link boys swung their torches like acrobats, big and bright and high. “Charles Jordan is just a younger, shorter version of Papa. Why are they forcing me to marry him?”

“Parents make choices for their children. They think they are doing the best.” Theodosia’s voice lowered, gaining a very solemn timbre. “Sometimes they make horrible choices, but that doesn’t mean you should make a bad one. You’ll know what it means someday, but don’t do something now that could put you in a bad situation. You can’t punish your father by doing something that could ruin you.”

“Marrying Bex won’t ruin me. It’s a dream come true. You and Frederica both have tried to get husbands by newspaper advertisements. This is a man who we all know. I couldn’t be any luckier than you finding Fitzwilliam again.”

Brushing at her brow as if Ester’s logic had given her a headache, Theodosia smiled. “We know of him, but nothing about what has made him the man he is. But I’ll support you. My love for you is endless, Ester. I just want you to take care.”

Coming close to the couch, she took Theodosia’s hand. “Help me wait until Bex comes. He will be here five after midnight.”

“The roads are so dangerous at night. When I sold flowers in town, I made sure to be off the streets by seven. I tried to be about my business during the daylight. Highwaymen are out there. Thieves and murderers prowl in the dark. You could be hurt.”

“Theodosia, I know your stories, but rest assured, I’ll not be alone. Bex will be with me. He’ll take care of me. But, will you help?”

“Yes, of course. We’ll even leave after you, so people think that you have left with us.”

Unable to stand falsehoods, Ester shook her head. “I don’t want you saying anything that is untrue. I can’t have you lying for me.”

“Ester, I won’t lie, but I can’t stop people from assuming you left with close friends.” Theodosia smoothed her skirt over her stomach, fluffing the delicate pleats in her bodice. “Why five after midnight?”

“Because dreams and fairy tales last until then. If Bex arrives after midnight, then I know this is true. Our marriage is meant to be.”

Theodosia rose slowly then linked arms with Ester. “Well, if the mysterious actor can keep this smile on your face, then he’ll do right by you. I haven’t seen you smiling so much since my wedding breakfast last year.”

Ester put her hands to her cheeks. Yes, she was smiling, big and wide, thinking of Bex coming for her. She had doubts about many of the things Theodosia and Fitzwilliam-Cecil had said, but not about their care for her. If Bex appeared at five after midnight, she’d never doubt that they could be happy.

That was if Bex arrived and proved this wasn’t a dream.

…

Arthur took a long breath as he leaned against the door of the stable, watching Jonesy prepare a second horse to harness to the phaeton he’d rented. The small carriage with four wheels and a roof should provide his bride the comfort they needed to make the long journey to Scotland, much better than his gig.

The mews was close to his Cheapside flat, so he was able to pack a bag and his longhand pages for the script to Antony and Cleopatra for this unexpected trip.

Away from the noise of the cellar and the harangues of Phineas, he sifted through his decision to take a bride after one meeting. Though given to taking the riskier path, he typically wasn’t a rash person. He prided himself on being methodical and thoughtful. The critics said it added depth to his portrayals, but it was also how Arthur lived. A snap decision to marry Miss Croome and elope tonight—it was uncharacteristic.

A loud whine and a slamming of a gate stirred Arthur from his doubts. He had to make it to Nineteen Fournier on time. He’d made a promise and wasn’t one to go back on his word, even if it cost him everything. The promise to a dying mother that he’d always do what was right, and the same to a father, the vicar of their Liverpool parish, who had perished a month later, were always top of mind. Though their proper names hadn’t left his tongue in years, these promises, like the ones he’d make to Miss Croome, were his bond.

“Not much longer, Mr. Bex,” Jonesy said as he led a beautiful pewter horse from a pen and into place leading his team. Jonesy was a boy of thirteen or fourteen with deep red freckles and an easy manner. When Arthur had learned the young man had been abandoned and lived at the stables, he was determined to help him, tipping him well, seeing about him. No one should be on their own at such a young age, not like Arthur.

“Trying to hurry, Mr. Bex.” The boy’s scarlet hair fell forward, covering his eyes as he mumbled more words through the cleft in his lip. “In a hurry to leave at this time of night. Family problems?”

“No, Jonesy. I don’t have a family, but I might soon.”

The young fellow looked up. “You a good one, Mr. Bex. Jonesy will be happy you not alone no more.”

Alone no more? The boy was concerned for Arthur. That’s why he liked him, and that sentiment, alone no more…maybe that’s why Arthur had agreed to elope. Unlike the countess, Miss Croome was shy. She wouldn’t seek headlines or gossip. She seemed genuine in wanting to marry him. There was no talk of fortunes, or income, or invitations he should seek—none of that. He knew it wasn’t because she wasn’t aware of these things. From the cut of her stylish clothes, she was used to fine things. She simply didn’t seem to care. That was refreshing.

And what a figure she cut in those clothes. Arthur strove to be an honorable man, but he was still a man. Miss Croome possessed a lovely bosom any husband would take pride in, a small waist worthy to take hold of, and a backside to admire and take a second or third look at. Her face was one of beauty—pretty eyes, generous lips. Her knowledge of Shakespeare rivaled his own—that was very intriguing to his soul. He’d never been drawn to someone outside of his race before, but he’d never met someone like Ester Croome.

“What is she like?”

“What, Jonesy?”

“Family begins with a woman. Jonesy knows that.”

How should he describe her aloud? “She’s pretty and has a sense of grace about her.”

“That sounds nice. Almost done, Mr. Bex.”

“Good.” Arthur was excited to see her again. That had to be a good thing, to be in want of her presence so soon after their first meeting. If his past stayed buried, they could be happy. “Jonesy, you think two horses will take me to Scotland in good time?”

The boy stopped and looked up. “You asking me, Mr. Bex?”

“Yes. I want your opinion.”

The biggest smile Jonesy could manage with his malformed mouth blossomed on his ruddy countenance. “No one wants Jonesy’s opinion. Most look at me and think Jonesy’s dumb.” He stood up straight, maybe even puffing up his chest. “Yes, Mr. Bex. Jonesy put the strongest horses on this phaet…carriage. Much better than your gig. It’s wheels and axles are reinforced. You’ll make good time to a first stopping point near Stamford. But take care, it will still tip over if you drive bad.”

It saddened Arthur that folks would discount a hardworking young man because of his looks. But that was the way the world worked. Anything different came under harsher scrutiny. “Stamford. Good, Jonesy. Well, my fiancée and I are off to Gretna Green. That is, if I make it to Nineteen Fournier on time, and if she hasn’t changed her mind.”

“Fournier. You’ll make it to that part of town. It’s not far.” Jonesy went back to tugging and strapping the second horse in place.

“You know that part of town?”

“Yes.”

“Then you have no opinions on my selection of bride? She’s Blackamoor.”

The boy was silent for a long time. Only hooves could be heard. Then he said, “You wantin’ Jonesy’s opinion again. Happiness is important. All folks but you look down on Jonesy. If you happy, that what matters.”

It mattered a great deal to a lot of people. Arthur wasn’t naive to that.

The boy brushed down the first horse with a stiff brown brush. “Jonesy would be happy being a footman with one of those shiny coats, but folks won’t hire me ’cause Jonesy don’t look right to them. That don’t make my heart happy, Mr. Bex. Makes me sad.”

The look in the boy’s eyes—dull, covering pain—Arthur knew it. The ache haunted him, reminding him of everyone turning against him—the taunts, the fisticuffs, the busted lips—all for doing what was right. Yes, Arthur knew that look, and no matter how hard he tried, the pain always returned.

“Jonesy, you work hard. No one is more loyal than you. If I ever live in one of those fancy houses that need a footman or groom, I’ll hire you. You do so well by me.”

The boy handed him the reins. “Get Mrs. Bex’s yes afore you go promisin’. She might not like Jonesy’s looks.”

“I have a feeling about her.” He tossed the boy a good tip, several farthings. “I think she values honesty and loyalty more than looks.” He hadn’t known Miss Croome long, but there was something about her, the way she puzzled things out, that made him believe she was like him, knowing character outweighed all. Hopefully, that nature of hers wouldn’t judge him too harshly if the truth came out. Perhaps, they could build enough of a life together that the past wouldn’t haunt him so much anymore.

“You look like you still deciding, Mr. Bex…the route you want to go. Go the straightest route. That what Jonesy’d do. The Great Northern Route is best.”

The straightest route would be to tell Miss Croome the truth about his past, but what if she became so upset that she told others? If the countess had known, she surely would have told reporters. Then everything he’d worked for would be taken away again. He’d kept the secret of his uncle for more than twenty years No. He couldn’t risk it now. Arthur would take the secret to his grave. “The straightest route might not make the best path. Sometimes it is more trouble than it’s worth, Jonesy.”

Striking a match, the boy lit the lanterns on each the side of the phaeton, then handed Arthur the flint. “Use this to keep them lit as you travel through the night.” He wiped perspiration from his brow. “Jonesy trust Mr. Bex to do what is right. You a good fellow.”

Arthur wanted to believe he was good, but the whispers of the past made him believe he wasn’t. He’d been careful at hiding and would let nothing take away the life he’d built. Arthur Bex had become a man people respected, and Arthur would use his talents to fight for abolition. That would forgive his family’s sins.

He climbed on board his phaeton. “Thanks, Jonesy. I’ll see you when I get back.”

“Good luck, Mr. Bex.”

He did need luck. Starting out with secrets wasn’t the best. Yet, having just met Miss Croome, he could assume that she had secrets, too. Didn’t most women have secrets? Yes, that was a good lie to tell himself.

Arthur waved to Jonesy as he turned the phaeton up Gracechurch Street. The crisp air cooled his brow. It was at least four days travel to get to Gretna Green. That time alone, just the two of them, would cement the foundation of their relationship. Then he’d know if he could go through with marriage, and if it was possible to trust Miss Croome with the darkest secrets of his past.





Chapter Six

The Longest Five Minutes

At twenty to midnight, Ester stood against the wall in the drawing room. The musicians’ tune sounded louder than the last. She tried smiling as Theodosia and Ewan twirled past, but the weight of what would happen and what might happen made Ester fret.

What if Bex was in an accident?

What if he was lost in this part of town?

What if he were set upon by footpads?

What if he changed his mind? That was her greatest fear—that somehow he had decided Ester wasn’t worth the trouble of eloping after midnight. Had he decided that a full night of sleep was better than risking the mad dash to Gretna Green with a stranger?

Travel late at night could be dangerous, and they’d be on the run.

Ester looked down at her shiny satin gloves, spotless, without a wrinkle. They had been made for her. Was Bex made for her, too?

Frederica and Charles Jordan spun near. Her friend had rescued Ester from dancing with the rakish man again. Grabbing below Ester’s waist and eyeing her décolletage had been two times too many.

Except for his manners and average height, she had to admit that Charles Jordan was nice to look at. A smooth complexion of warm bronze skin, with a muscular frame—probably from helping his father with gas lighting installations. But he had been too busy looking at every other girl at the party as he danced with Ester. He hadn’t even pretended to be interested, not the way Bex had in their one meeting at the White Horse Cellar. No. Charles Jordan would never be for Ester.

Mr. Jordan, Charles’s father, came to her side. “He looks so odd out there. Him and his brother.” They were eye-to-eye, since he wasn’t a tall man, but his gaze had narrowed. He looked distressed.

Ester fluttered her fan while glancing at the grandfather clock. “What is odd, sir? Is something wrong?”

“Seeing the famed playwright Fitzwilliam-Cecil and Lord Hartwell here. They are enjoying themselves too much, as if they owned the place.”

Ester squinted and searched for the men. Nothing seemed odd. Just a man twirling his love in and out of the chalked lines, the other standing in the corner. “I see nothing amiss.”

“Look closer, Miss Croome. You don’t see how they size us up, looking at our women and our treasure for their taking?”

Cupping her hand to her eyes, Ester looked again and saw Theodosia’s brother-in-law, the viscount, leaning against the wall with an expression that looked pained. He looked uncomfortable, only smiling when Clancy brought the punch tray around. She saw nothing of what Mr. Jordan saw. Maybe a man no taller than Napoleon saw conspiracies everywhere.

She lowered her arm. “Mr. Jordan, I am confused. I see none of the aggressions you see.”

“Maybe with gaslights in here you would.” He chuckled, a sneering laugh. “You are young, girl.”

So, age made one see things that weren’t there? “Fitzwilliam-Cecil is a very pleasant man, and Lord Hartwell—” Ester became distracted at Frederica’s turn with Charles Jordan. She was pulling at her sleeve as if it had been manhandled. Ester’s gut twisted with guilt. “My friend, Miss Burghley, has missed a few steps in this set. I wish this dance was over so she could refresh herself.”

“Good, I see you looking at Charles. He’s a good dancer. You’ll have him to yourself soon enough.”

She wanted to say aloud she didn’t want him, and to point out how rude and awful he was being to Frederica, but Ester wouldn’t make a scene. That would embarrass her Mama. Protective hackles raised, Ester moved to save her friend. She’d take the abuse and even a lecher’s harassment to save someone she cared for.

“What is Lord Hartwell doing?” Mr. Jordan’s gruff tone deepened. “He’s cutting in on Charles.”

The viscount had moved from his spot and was taking Frederica’s hand from Jordan. Her friend’s lovely face looked bright, like a pixie, when she and Lord Hartwell twirled by.

Ester sighed in relief and Charles moved on to another girl, maybe one with virtue to match his appetite. “Don’t be concerned, sir. Your son has found a new place to warm his hands.”

Mr. Jordan frowned, his upper lip covering the lower one for a moment. “If you can’t see the problem, Miss Croome, then you are naive. Don’t worry. My Charles will protect you when you are wed.”

From what could a future adulterer protect Ester? Not from couch-sitting and wondering if and when he’d be home, or worse, like Papa, the pretense of happiness, only to discover later the lies in old love letters. Stomach turning, she nodded. “Yes, I saw how he protected Miss Burghley from a chill with his wandering hands. And she heated them by hitting them with her fan. Lucky for her, Lord Hartwell’s not cold like your son. Her shawl will stay unwrinkled.”

The man’s eyes went wide, shocked at the directness of her words, and Ester was surprised she’d said them.

The dance came to an end. Frederica gave her new partner a bow before heading to Ester. “Charles Jordan is a monster,” she said behind her fan. “How can he be so aggressive in front of you on the night of your engagement?”

“I’m not marrying him, Frederica.”

“So, you’re standing up to your father? Or are you talking about eloping with Bex?”

“I tried to tell Papa, but he’s still set on this match. Once I elope with Bex, well, he’ll come around. He’ll have no choice.”

Ester fluffed up the languets, the oval silk butterfly-like wings that she had designed for Frederica’s silver dress, but her friend pursed her lips. “Your mother will be so hurt.”

“At first, but she’s forgiven Papa for worse without even raising her voice.” Ester flicked another languet in place over the sheer lace that formed the overlay of Frederica’s gown. “I’m sorry you were manhandled by Jordan.”

“It’s what men like him expect they can do to someone like me, one borne of an illicit nature.” Frederica covered up with her long creamy shawl of fine silk, as if her gown were indecent.

“You are lovely, Frederica. Don’t let anyone make you feel less.”

Her friend’s countenance cleared. “You believe Bex will show? And after talking with him for an hour, you are ready to elope? Are you sure?”

“Yes, I am, Frederica. We leave five minutes after midnight.”

Ester’s tone must not have convinced her, for the girl took a punch glass from a servant and sipped like she’d thirsted for days. “That’s ten minutes from now.” She took Ester by the shoulders into the hall. “How can you be so calm?”

“You just danced with Charles Jordan. Do you see him as anyone who could be a faithful husband? I’m calm and reasoned about Bex because I let him know how important honesty and fidelity is. It seemed just as important to him.”

Frederica squeezed her hard. “I want the best for you. If you are determined to elope, tell me how to help.”

“Yes,” Theodosia said. She waved her husband off, who left, shaking his head.

Fitzwilliam-Cecil surely knew the three friends needed to plot.

Theodosia embraced Frederica. “I’ll never ever say you are stingy.”

Ester leaned in and joined the tangle of arms. “Never, ever from my lips again. She gave me Bex.”

“Men aren’t bonbons.” Frederica laughed. “Of course, I’d share. Well, maybe not the bonbons… You two know what I mean.”

They all did. They were more like sisters, each looking out for the other. This love had helped Ester when she missed Ruth. Maybe she and Bex could go visit her in the country if they could manage around his plays. “This must be meant to happen.”

Theodosia waved her lacy fan. “Last chance to count the costs, Ester? You could remain up here or hide on the third level in your bedchamber. We could get word to Bex.”

Her friend didn’t understand; maybe no one would. Sighing, Ester looked at the floor, at how each of their hems floated about their pretty slippers. The delicate lace, the tiny stitches, all gliding above the polished floors. The Vandyke points of Theodosia’s gown almost touched her shoes but remained inches away. Not wanting to be inches from a dream, Ester raised her head. “I’ll take my chances with Bex.”

Theodosia reached into her reticule and pulled out gold coins. “Take these with you. It’s enough to catch a stage if things don’t go well. I want you safe. If, for any reason, you change your mind, you will not be at his mercy.”

“I can’t take your money.”

She put the money in Ester’s hand and closed up her palm. “Consider it a wedding gift.”

Even in a happy marriage, Theodosia still carried money with her, still planned out everything in great detail, as if she were alone.

The way Bex had protected Ester from the drunk, she felt safe with him. “I can’t go into this looking for an out.”

“This isn’t about quitting,” Theodosia said, “It’s about safety. When you leave your father’s home and are away from your friends, you become a girl who some will see as foreign, a thief who has stolen a gentlewoman’s clothes, a servant to mistreat, or worse, a runaway slave.”

Ester’s eyes popped wider. “Slavery is illegal in London.”

Frederica shook her head. “Tell that to slave owners who still have men enslaved in vessels offshore. Some of my father’s friends joke about it, when they think I’m not listening.”

“That’s what Bex was fighting for in the basement.”

Theodosia voiced real concerns, ones Ester had no way to argue. Both of them were privileged and faced fewer of the evils that many who looked like them did. Ester put the coins in her reticule. “I’ll be safe, but I’ll come to you if something goes wrong. I’ll be like one of those shop girls you rescue. I’m too old to be one of Frederica’s urchins she sends to the charities.”

Theodosia hugged Ester and held on tightly. The air seeped out of Ester’s lungs when Frederica wove her arms around them again.

Frederica gave Ester an extra embrace. “I hope this is the love you’ve waited for, the love you deserve.”

The clock moaned. It was midnight. Each friend released their holds and dried their eyes. Five minutes to Ester’s appointment.

Slowly, Ester, followed by her two friends, dipped down the stairs and slipped into Mama’s first-floor parlor.

Frederica went to the window and pulled back the curtain. “The glow of the link torches is bright enough to see Bex arrive. Not the gas lighting we have about Mayfair.”

“Don’t mention gas lighting.” Ester took her bag from the closet. “That’s the Jordans’ livelihood.”

“I don’t see anyone,” Frederica said. “Just carriages, with more of your parents’ guests.”

All Ester’s big talk, her fight for a dream, crushed in upon her. She sat on the back of the couch to keep her balance. “He has a few minutes.”

Frederica wore a wide frown. She turned back to the window. “There’s still time.”

A knock on the door echoed in the silent room. “Come in,” Ester said. Her voice warbled.

A servant entered. “Miss Croome, your father wants you in the main drawing room. They’re about to cut Mrs. Croome’s cake.”

She nodded. “Thank you. Tell him to do so without me. I’m out of sorts.”

“I’ll let him know.” The man left, closing the door behind him.

“I’m leaving here, with or without Bex. I won’t be given away to this marriage, not for a business deal, never to Jordan’s son.”

“Well, I think you will be leaving with Bex.” Frederica’s voice had recaptured its normal lilt. “A fellow in a gig—no, a phaeton—has arrived. A surprisingly tall man just parked across the street.”

Ester’s heart pounded as she flew to the window. Even in the moonlight, she knew Arthur Bex’s athletic six-foot form. “Seems I am off to get married.” She scooped up her bag, moved to the window, tossed open the sash, and climbed onto the sill. “Help with a delay?”

“Of course. Yes.” Her friends’ voices blended.

“Miss Croome?” Bex’s rich baritone floated inside. “I’ll catch you.”

She let her bag go, and he seized it in his big hands. From the shine of the candlelight in the near sconce, Ester saw his kind eyes and the smile that made her heart flip-flop. She was ready to jump, ready to leap into a future with Bex. She put her feet out first.

The breeze whipped about her, lifting the light netting of her gown. “Not the ideal dress to elope in.”

“Nonsense,” Theodosia said. “You’ll make the prettiest bride in robin’s-egg blue. Take care.”

Frederica gave Ester the shawl from about her shoulders. “Make haste. One of my friends… She was caught by her guardian halfway. There was no marriage, and she lives with endless shame.”

“I’m here, Miss Croome. Jump.”

Taking a quick breath, Ester pushed from the sill. The air squeezed out of her lungs as Bex caught her. She now balanced in his strong arms.

She opened her eyes and saw Bex’s smile. He scooped her bag up in one hand while he carried her in the other. “Glad you could drop in. My small chariot awaits.”

In the dark, they slipped across the street to his phaeton. He put her feet on the platform. “I’m not a wealthy man, but this carriage should take us to Gretna Green and back.”

Ester stared at Nineteen Fournier. The window had closed. The sconce had gone out. This elopement was starting.

Bex climbed next to her, crowding her on the seat. And she liked that.

Could picture a lifetime of that.

She trembled, half wanting to snuggle closer. “When my father figures out what has occurred, he will give chase.”

“Then let’s hope he doesn’t figure out things for a good while. Our destination and marriage are days away. This phaeton will only go so fast, but we’ll make it. We will.”

She closed her eyes and hoped he’d speak a little more. His voice outweighed the growing fear of her father’s wrath. One thing was worse than not eloping, that was being caught in the middle, with no marriage and no hope of stopping one’s name from being forever linked to scandal.





Chapter Seven

Regrets and Chances

The phaeton moved steadily along White Chapel Road heading to Gracechurch Street, the easiest route of escape from Nineteen Fournier, but close enough to turn back around. His bride-to-be looked like she was ready to leap off or grow sick. He reached a hand out to her, and she startled. “Are you all right, Miss Croome?”

“Yes. I just don’t believe…I did it.”

He took his eyes from the road for a moment to look at her again. Fashionable bonnet, expensive gown, revealing a figure that was pleasing…very pleasing.

Pity she was hiding under a billowing shawl.

More of a pity was the sad expression gracing her face. Her gaze was that of a lost rabbit, and he felt unsure of his plans again. “I can turn the phaeton around, Miss Croome. I don’t want you doing something you’re not ready for.”

She fiddled with her gloves. “Of course, I’m ready. Would I have leaped into your arms if I wasn’t?”

“Maybe. I don’t know you well, Miss Croome, but I want to know you better. I’d love to know you better.”

By the time they hit Gracechurch Street, street lighting had become more prevalent. The scattering of lamps brightened the farther they went from her neighborhood, probably highlighting the transition from coal-fired posts to gas. Yet, nothing matched the glow of the torches the link boys had lit around Nineteen Fournier. It could have easily rivaled what they had outside Covent Garden or The Theatre Royal the night of a play.

The Croome townhouse had seemed quite large, larger than he’d expected. The house could’ve easily been located in Mayfair, like the ball he’d accompanied the countess to after his first run as Romeo in Romeo and Juliet.

He hadn’t expected that the Croomes were that well-off. “You said you were the fabric princess. My lifestyle will seem very meager compared to your family’s, Miss Croome.”

“Is your life happy, Bex? That’s what I want.”

Another point for Miss Croome, but did she truly understand the differences in their stations? Unease rolled again in his gut. He pulled on the reins, slowing the horses. “Do your parents give parties often?”

“Yes, every few months. This is the second since the king’s passing. It was so strange to see the dark armbands, and so many dark colored and gray gowns at the first one. It was good to see people in a little more color again.”

She liked parties? Half a point deduction. Absent everything else, he’d just run off with a rich girl, one who might hate his little life. His stomach soured at the thought of her reacting like the countess, sneering at the gifts he bought, belittling his offerings—the pearls not big enough, perfume not fine enough, clothes not created by the right mantua-maker. Hard-earned money wasted had proven difficult for a frugal man.

He adjusted his hold on the reins, again slowing the horses. “Many think the life of an actor is wild, with extravagance every night. I don’t live like that.”

She didn’t look up at him. Maybe her glove was more interesting.

“Mama likes her parties.” Miss Croome’s voice, low-toned and sweet, rose. “Papa likes to be showy. He even hired more servants, just to make the evening seem bigger. I don’t think it necessary, but it makes them happy.”

He needed to make things clear before they left London so his fiancée wouldn’t react like the countess. “Miss Croome, I have no servants. My household is just me.”

“Not one?”

Full point deduction. His gut soured more. “Not even a man-of-all-work.”

“Oh.”

She might not mind his profession, but maybe she did not understand his lack of a fortune. His reservations slammed his middle like opening night, except with sledgehammers in place of butterflies. He swiped at his chin. “Miss Croome, we don’t have to do this. I could return you to the party that you left. You could walk back in through the front door. It’s only been about thirty minutes of travel.”

Fumbling with her folded hands, she shifted her gloved fingers in her lap. “No. That wouldn’t do. Mama might not have cut into her cake. I won’t have eyes on me, ruining her moment.”

“It’s a poor beginning if you can’t look at me when I’m telling you I understand my situation might be a little less than you bargained.”

She wrapped her arms about her, further obscuring the outline he’d admired. “Bex, I’m a shy person. And I’ve never done anything like this. And the shame I’ll cause my family, if… I’ve never, ever done something like this.”

Shame was a terrible thing, a stain that wouldn’t go away, like Shakespeare’s Lady Macbeth’s stained hands. He needed to make Miss Croome laugh. He needed to laugh to not think about shame. “Well, this would be my first elopement, too, Miss Croome.”

“I’ve never, ever gone against what my parents wanted. Never, Bex. I suppose it is different for men.”

He tightened his hands on the reins. “My parents died when I was very young. But I had to go against my guardian once. It wasn’t easy.”

From the corner of his eye, he saw Miss Croome’s face fully. Half hidden by long lashes, shadowed topaz eyes reflected the sparkle of the gaslights. She liked him, but what would it cost for her to trust him? And what price was he comfortable paying?

She spun in her seat as they approached a few of the warehouses lining Lower Thames Street. “Bex, this is Papa’s warehouse. Can you slop for a moment?”

“We are supposed to be fleeing, Miss Croome. Are you changing your mind?”

“This is it. The home I grew up in. I haven’t been back in years.” She leaned over, her hand atop his and tugged on the leather strap. “Please stop the carriage.”

Curiosity outweighing caution, he stopped the phaeton in front of a large stone building with boarded-up windows. “Is it abandoned?”

“No. Papa doesn’t like people looking in. I was born in the small rooms at the top. I lived here until age fifteen.”

The way she said it, “until age fifteen” sounded wistful, but how could that be in this section of town? Wealthy folks didn’t stay here. Maybe she wasn’t a spoiled little rich girl. It felt wrong to be proceeding without knowing more. He leaped out, came to her side, and held a hand up to her. “Come down, Miss Croome. “

“I just wanted to see it. We can keep going.”

“You wanted to see this place until I came for you. Do I make you nervous, or are you having doubts? Maybe I’m having doubts too.”

“What?” She took his hand and came down. The lady was small in height, coming up to the middle of his chest. “Bex, I don’t understand.”

“I’m not a wealthy man, Miss Croome. I have rooms in Cheapside.”

“You are allowed to lease in Cheapside? Papa couldn’t.”

He knew what she meant. Her father’s means didn’t open all doors. His race surely kept many closed.

Arthur fisted his hand. The injustice whipped through him. He knew a portion of what that felt like when his name, the one given to him at birth, made doors slam, made grown men curse that he’d been born. He forced his fingers to unclench and rubbed at his neck. “I live by actor benefit nights based on the success of my plays. I am a saver, very frugal, but even all my savings cannot compare to the home I took you from. Now you say you lived here above a warehouse. Are you ready to live this simply again, with no servants?”

“Bex, you don’t misunderstand. I love the house at Nineteen Fournier. I’m fond of Mrs. Fitterwall and Clancy, the best housekeeper and butler I’ve ever known. I love my frilly room with the softest linens, and the chance to have a warm bath with lilac soap anytime I want.” She pointed to the roof of the warehouse. “But I also loved living here. Life was simpler. It was honest. It was true.”

She clasped his hand and took him to the door. “Papa has an office on the main level, but we lived in two rooms upstairs.”

Compelled to look at her beginnings, he pried at the door, but it was locked. “There’s no entering here.” He slipped betwixt her and the doorway. “You liked living here.”

“My parents worked hard and built a business. They fiercely loved and protected our family. My sister Ruth and I laughed so hard in our small room, peeking through the floorboards at the workers below. I miss those times, but I’m not afraid of building a new life with you, Bex.”

Concerns starting to subside, he took her hand in his. Her shimmering cream gloves in his worn, tanned-leather ones looked different, but no different than if he’d taken the countess’s palm. “It’s good not to be afraid.”

On the vacant street, he twirled her to the long horn sound of a barge sailing up the Thames. The air had that sour smell of waste, nothing like the freshness of the sea in Liverpool, yet the sounds of the boats—that was the noise he missed most—the noise he couldn’t quite forget. “I don’t want you to be afraid of me, Miss Croome. I want your trust.”

He stopped when they walked under a streetlamp. “Did I mention how lovely you are, and how inappropriately dressed for travel?”

“Thank you. I think.”

She held his gaze as he unwrapped her shawl and saw the glitter of the silver, like angel wings, swirling above her light blue dress. “Very inappropriate. Very beautiful. I’m glad to dance with you under this streetlight.”

She looked back toward the warehouse, then at him. “Life was simpler here. My family was whole. Yes, I’d love to live like that again in a house filled with honesty. We are both coming to this marriage with nothing to hide. That is what I am most thankful for.”

At that moment, there was nothing he’d rather give, but he was hiding something so awful, it would ruin this marriage as much as it had ruined his life. “That’s an awfully big promise. I don’t know—”

“Shhh.” She giggled. “I’ve been in love with your voice so long, but I need you to be quiet and listen. The Croomes didn’t always have money. I remember being hungry, but I also remember being happy. The fact you care enough to consider my feelings, speaks volumes about your character. I want to get to know you, Bex, and I want nothing more than to be a good wife to you. Have no doubts about that.”

The shy girl had a palm upon his lapel, and it blew away his internal scoring. The street lighting on her face revealed a hint of snow-white teeth between plump lips that had become a great deal more fascinating. “Now, let’s continue, Mr. Bex. Help me back in the carriage.”

He wanted to stay in that moment, examining her mouth a little longer, but that wasn’t wise. “We are supposed to be eloping. I guess we should continue.” He put his hands around her waist and lifted her back to the platform.

Again, he noticed she was firm in all the right places that his hands could attest to and not cross a boundary. “Yes, ma’am,” was all he could muster. His thoughts were divergent, dashing between failing her trust and what would it take to win her love, love beyond theater infatuation. “Let’s keep going.”

Pushing his top hat down, he climbed aboard and sat beside her. His conscience wouldn’t let him make the horses go. He couldn’t be completely honest, so he put the reins down. “I think I should turn the phaeton around. You could tell your parents that we just took a drive by the river. They will be angered that we did so without a chaperone. Then perhaps they’ll allow me to court you the right way. We could take more time to get to know each other.”

She took up the reins, put them in his hands, and kept her fingers on his, trying to force him to flick his wrist and make the phaeton move. “I can’t go back. People will see me returning with you. Unchaperoned. I’ll be shamed. My mama won’t be able to lift her head. No there’s no sneaking back into Nineteen Fournier. Let’s go, Bex. I’m ready for our new life.”

Nothing would make his horses move without a firm hand. “Miss Croome, I’m not sure that you and I are ready. We haven’t been alone that long. We could—”

“Then why did you come to Nineteen Fournier, Bex? If you’ve changed your mind, you didn’t have to arrive and raise my hopes. I didn’t have to risk my reputation for you to quit now.”

“I came because I said I would. I am a man of my word.”

She gripped his lapel and leaned up. “That is what I want. Not the money or the servants, but a man of his word. I want someone who I can count upon to be honest and faithful. So unless you have decided you can’t be that type of man for me, I suggest we head to Gretna, because I know I can be that type of woman for you.”

“I like a brave woman, Miss Croome. I’m a little older, maybe a little wiser. We’ve reached the point of no turning back. There could be things that we learn of each other that will make you unhappy. I don’t want you ever to be unhappy about choosing me.”

“Bex, you have changed your mind.” She released him and covered herself in her shawl. “You’re the famous Arthur Bex. You’ve decided you are not interested in marrying me, a Blackamoor bride. I’m not a desperate woman. There are easier marriages. One of the same race as you would be easier for you.”

That was what she thought the hesitation was. Yes, he was white, and she wasn’t, but she was also pure and devoid of scandal. He wasn’t. His uncle had done so many atrocities to people who looked like her, but he couldn’t risk saying it aloud.

He bent and lit the small lantern and held it up to his face. “Ester Croome, I want to marry you, but I can tell you are the type of woman who is used to more and deserves more. I want you to be happy with your choice—that is all. He put the lamp on the seat and slipped a glove off, then put his bare hand upon her face. The glow of the light exposed tears which he flicked away. “There’s nothing about you that is deterring me, only my wish to be assured that this is the best path for you.”

“You are the best, Bex. I know that more than ever because you are so caring about me—a stranger.” She put her moist lips together and blew out the lantern. “Now drive us. Let’s get as far from the past as possible. I want our future.”

Being away from the past was what he’d become good at. Maybe his secrets would stay buried, and he could live his life with a woman who seemed to believe only the good about him. With a nod, he pulled on the reins and started the horses moving. “The rest was good for the horse team. I think I can get them to a greater speed. I want to be far from the past, too. You can be brave when you want to be, Miss Croome. I see that.”

“When I have to, Bex, when I have to.”

He could feel her smiling at him, but he couldn’t turn and confirm. He couldn’t risk Miss Croome guessing he wasn’t being fully honest. Marrying her would finally be a way to close off his past, to have a new family. They just had to make it to Gretna without being caught.

…

When she felt the phaeton move at a faster speed, Ester took an easier breath. If Bex had sought to measure her resolve, he must have found it sufficient. It was good to know that he felt strongly enough about her welfare that he refused to leave without assurances.

Having no servants did frighten her a little, more than she’d let on. Her hair could be very temperamental to style, easy to tangle, because it wasn’t straight like her mother’s locks. Yet, Mama had made due for years without Clancy and Mrs. Fitterwall. Surely Ester could.

And she was scared of being caught and being shamed as a woman of loose morals. Frederica was flighty but respectable, and folks still always talked about her.

No. No getting caught. No shame. Just a marriage to the man of her dreams.

Ester looked at Bex, so big and tall in his seat. His shadowed profile seemed so filled with fortitude. Maybe someday, he’d be as sure about Ester as she was about him.

Yes, she had no doubts. He had come for her on time and had caught her in his big strong arms, the same strong arms that seemed as if they wanted to embrace her for a kiss under the streetlamp. Did Bex want to kiss her? What would that be like?

In an hour or two they made it beyond the city. The clear night sky showing above the trees showcased stars that twinkled like seed pearls in a fancy veil, like the one she’d drawn for Frederica. She patted her bag that sat near her feet, feeling the heavy board cover of her sketchbook. In the daylight, maybe she could work on a new dress, something special for her bonbon friend.

“When do you think your parents will notice your absence, Miss Croome.”

“It must be at least two in the morning. The party at my parents may have just ended. Papa will think I was pouting when I did not appear to stand by my mother to cut her cake. Seeing me absent probably made Papa furious. Good.”

“Hmm. You want him to be more furious?”

She didn’t want to tell Bex all the sordid details, but she had to say something. “He disappointed me most cruelly with his deceit and then arranged a marriage without my consent.”

“So, I’ll be your first act of revenge? I don’t like the sound of that.”

“Is it so wrong to expect your father to be honest and true?”

Bex cleared his throat as he turned onto a darker path. “No, that is reasonable. I didn’t have to worry too much about that. My father was a vicar, and I think honesty was a requirement of the position.”

“My butler, Clancy, might have assumed from my packed bag that I left with my friend, Mrs. Fitzwilliam-Cecil. Maybe you and I will be wed before my parents discover I’ve run away.”

Bex yawned, fully and loud. It was the third one he’d released, but this one he did not fight to hide. “We’ll stop soon to change horses. I hadn’t planned on eloping today. My schedule was a busy one. Perhaps, we can spend the night at a coaching inn. Then start again at first light.”

Her heart thumped at the thought of staying alone with him unmarried. Being on the road, they had a mission to keep them focused. What would happen between them if they stopped? What if one of Papa’s business associates saw? What if they were caught? Ester would be shamed. “Can’t we go farther?”

This time he stretched an arm. “I’ll try, but we are going to have to stop at some point.”

“Bex, are you prepared for the difficulties we’ll face at coaching inns outside of London? Faces like mine are less seen. It could be more difficult to secure two rooms.” She emphasized the need for two rooms because they weren’t married yet, and he may not be fully aware of the issues presented with traveling together.

“You don’t have to be alarmed. I intend to take two rooms until we are married.”

She wanted to smile at him, but he stared ahead.

“Miss Croome, there is a flint in my pocket. Can you get it and light the lantern? It’s going to get darker before we get to a coaching inn.”

She did as he said but couldn’t find it.

“My coat pocket, Miss Croome. I’ve no pockets at my thigh.”

She lifted her hands as if they’d caught fire, and he laughed so hard the phaeton swerved.

“You are a treasure, Miss Croome. Will you always be this nervous about me?” He reached into his jacket pocket and grabbed matchsticks and flint. “Here.”

“Probably.”

Taking them from his palm, she lifted the lantern from the floor and lit it.

The light showed that Bex chuckled even as he yawned.

“Is there anything I can do to help you stay awake. Can we recite lines?”

Bex stuck his hand out to her. “That will only tire my voice. Would you mind pulling off this glove? My knuckles are starting to sting.”

With great care, she slid the worn leather off his fingers. His hand seemed swollen; one knuckle looked cut. “What happened, Bex?”

“Nothing really.”

“Bex. Have you been in a fight?”

“A small one.”

Without a thought, she tucked his hurt hand against her chest, cradling it as if it were a babe. “Who did this? Are you much hurt?”

He tugged at his hand but then stopped. He must have become resigned to let her keep it. “Well, your drunk came back to say a few more words to me after you left.”

“He said something dreadful, and you decided to do more fisticuffs.”

He leaned closer. “Miss Croome, you might want to be careful where you hold my hand. Your party gown has a thin lace up top, not enough to keep my fingers from wandering. You truly should have changed into something sturdier, particularly when you are concerned about two rooms.”

Flinching from her thoughtlessness, she released him. “I brought a carriage dress, but that doesn’t answer my question.”

His dark rich laughter surrounded her, and it took at least another minute before his hand moved. “It was a small fight. A few punches.”

“You could have been hurt. Bex, those kinds of men don’t play fair.”

“What do you mean, those kinds of people?”

He didn’t know what he’d face with her as his wife. She folded her arms. “The loud ones, the ones who think it is their right to say whatever mean thing they think. Don’t they know we just want to be let alone?”

Bex put a hand upon hers. “I won’t allow him to disrespect you, Miss Croome. And I’m not one to walk away from injustice. I’m big enough now… If I turn my eyes away, who will help? Who will make things right?”

Could she admire the man more? What a pleasure it was to know that he wasn’t just handsome with a voice as sweet as honey, but he was kind and forthright—everything she ever wanted. “Making things right—is that why you are so passionate about abolition?”

As if he was startled, his palm flew away, back to the reins. “Yes… Yes. If no one says anything, the practice will continue.”

“Your voice, Bex, as lovely as it is—you think your lone arguments will be enough?”

“It was enough for you, a prim and proper miss, to accompany a stranger at night on a long and dark road.”

She wanted to roll her eyes, but it was probably too dark for him to see her displeasure. “It’s not as though I took off with a highwayman. Just London’s most famous actor.”

“Well, some say the price of admission to the Covent Theatre is highway robbery.”

“Bex, don’t even joke about that. Mrs. Fitzwilliam-Cecil, she says it’s not safe on the road at night. She says highwaymen or thieves could lurk in the shadows.”

“Things can be dangerous, but that is why I’m careful. I’m careful in London, too.”

“You’re not being serious, Bex. I know of families whose loved ones never came home because they upset the wrong person. My uncle never came home, just his battered coat. He upset the wrong man. Abolition upsets a great number of people. Bex, why does it have to be you leading the fight?”

“Because.” His voice lowered as he sat up straight, as if a hot poker had touched him. “It just is. We’ll keep going as long as we can, but why don’t you settle in. We’ll be at a coaching inn before you know it. I’ll get us two rooms. We aren’t married yet.”

She’d upset him. When they’d stopped at the warehouse, it felt as if she’d passed some sort of test, but now she’d failed one. She didn’t care. His safety was important to her. She folded her arms about her. “Arthur Bex shouldn’t be engaging in common street fights, no matter what someone says about me. You’ll have to learn that. It’s what we all learn, even my father. It’s the price of the freedoms we do get to enjoy.”

“It’s not right, Miss Croome, and I won’t allow anyone to disrespect my wife.”

It was an admirable thought, but that was the difference between them. “You were born with no boundaries, and you have the right to question the world, even pound through doors. I don’t have that right. No one that looks like me does. And if we have children, the brown ones won’t be able to, either.”

“It’s still wrong, but I do like that you’re thinking of our children.” His humor had returned, and his voice held a sultry tone, one that made the hair on her neck curl with anticipation.

Adjusting her skirt about her slippers, she refused to be distracted by his charm. This was for his safety. “You know I speak the truth, Bex. Even Fitzwilliam-Cecil has to be more careful, and he’s the son of a peer.”

“I know, Miss Croome, but I must do something to change the world. I owe it to you and those future children you don’t want to talk about.”

He was teasing her, and she wanted to box his ears. Yet, she couldn’t help but admire his conviction. Nonetheless, words meant nothing in the face of brutes or bullets. Ester was better at holding her peace in public than in private. Bex probably never had to live so carefully. What if this was too much for him, having to learn to act not only on the stage, but in public with his Blackamoor wife?





Chapter Eight

On the Road Again

Arthur stormed out of the Bear Claw Inn. His hands shook but there was no one to punch. The innkeeper actually offered him some choice advice about bringing his fancy to his inn.

A fancy.

Referring to Miss Croome by the crude American term for an enslaved mistress. Miss Croome was no loose woman. She was enslaved by no one.

He trudged to the stables where she waited on his phaeton as the horses were changed. Had he known about the prejudice of the innkeeper, he would’ve tried to make it farther and dusted the dirt of this place from his boots. How would he tell her?

From the threshold of the stable, he saw her clutching her bag in her lap as if she feared it would be taken. He wiped his face with a handkerchief from his pocket. Injustice, complications, sharing bad news—all had a way of making him perspire.

He walked to the phaeton. The glow of the stable lamp showed on her face. Her lips were pinched, her grip on the bag, deathlike. The girl sat in fear. He didn’t need to wipe his brow anymore. That sense of injustice had turned to sadness. Time to act, acting for her benefit, so she’d know the world he was drawing her into would be safe. He’d make it that way for her. “Miss Croome. Sorry for keeping you waiting.”

Her eyes went wide as she looked up. “You look happy. Does that mean you rented two rooms without any problems? You were right. I’m fretful. I have to learn to trust more.”

Wrenching at his neck, he took the reins from the groom and tossed him a coin, then climbed aboard.

“What? We’re not staying?”

A quick tug and a click of his tongue made the phaeton start to move. “No. We’re not. The place is subpar, and I began to think we’ve not made enough progress.”

“But you were tired? You said we’d get a few hours of sleep then start fresh in the morning.” She tugged on his sleeve. “Bex?”

Looking for an excuse other than the obvious, he scanned the sky. The scant bit of clouds seemed far, far away. “Red sky at night, a sailor’s delight.”

“What Bex? What did you say?”

“Nothing, just an old poem came into my head.” He wanted to punch at his skull for letting a kind thought about the man who had raised him after his parents died enter his head. His uncle had been a monster even if he had been nice to Arthur.

He glanced at Miss Croome, prim and proper with her blue dress with its sheer netting. She was fancy, not a fancy, and not chattel, as his uncle and his ilk would claim.

“Bex, I can tell you are trying to protect me, but if you can’t be honest with me about the inn, what type of marriage can we have?”

She was right. Not just about the inn, but about his past. But how could he tell her now, miles from her home? What a lout he’d appear to be. So far from London, Miss Croome wouldn’t be able to be affronted, slap him silly, and leave him like the countess had done when she was mad. “I’d like more miles between us and Nineteen Fournier. Then you could catch a coach back to London if you feel we can’t make a good marriage.”

Her lips became an O-shape. “I’m not changing my mind about us. I’m a little nervous. Since we stopped, I have the odd feeling we are being watched. Doesn’t make sense, does it?”

He pushed the brim of his hat back a little. It felt weighty on his tired neck. “You must not be used to long travel.”

“The Fitzwilliam-Cecils live outside of town. That is about as far as I typically go. And this trip will take us about two or more days? I’ve never been this far, not without Papa.”

Her hand shook as she wrapped her arms around her bag, and she squeezed it tight like a found lost puppy.

His gut twisted up. Didn’t she know he’d protect her with his life? No. Maybe she didn’t. “Miss Croome.” He made his voice deeper. “You have nothing to fear. You’re with me, my wife-to-be. No harm will find you.”

Her grip didn’t loosen so she must not be convinced.

“How long before we stop again?”

He counted the hours on his fingers. “With fresh horses, we can go another four hours. It will be morning before we stop again.”

“Morning? Did you want to make more progress because you think we are in danger of being caught or because the last coaching inn wouldn’t rent you rooms?”

He nodded, not that she could see in the low light. “Yes, Miss Croome. I had trouble at the last inn. The keeper and I exchanged some choice words, but no rooms for us.”

She didn’t respond.

He heard nothing but the knocking of hooves.

“You mean for me, Bex. No room for me.”

Now it was Bex’s turn for silence, for what could he say to make it better? He’d been denied services, even humanity, because of his testimony against his uncle. Things hadn’t gotten better until he’d left Liverpool and changed his name. By wedding Arthur, Miss Croome’s name would change, but not her lovely face.

“Travel outside of London is different.” Her voice was low and steady. “Very different, Bex.”

“Nothing ever goes smoothly. I think you’ve led a bit of a sheltered life.”

“You make that sound bad, Bex. It just means someone thought enough of me to protect me.”

Their acquaintance, talking and sharing, was less than a day, but he already knew he wanted to banish her fears. He took her hand in his, felt the strong coursing of her blood within her pulse. “Well, now you have me to protect you. I’ll get you safely to Scotland.”

“It’s possible we could be caught. Papa has a barouche with two teams. They are fast.”

“Two pairs, aye. Miss Croome, not staying at a coaching inn is actually helping us. We’ll make it.”

With her free hand, she drummed her nails on the seat, then offered a laugh. “They’ll be slowed checking every inn. They won’t know we were denied. Won’t catch us sleeping…in a bed? Maybe we won’t be caught. Maybe?”

Her voice diminished, and it brought new humor to his tired lungs. “For a woman set on eloping at five past midnight, you seem very unsure of the success of our plans.” He yawned. “Would it be so wrong to be found in bed, our separate beds, sleeping?”

“Yes. We are alone, unchaperoned. It will be hard for anyone to believe that an actor was respectful, or a prodigal daughter wasn’t promiscuous. Oh, maybe we should practice what we say when we are caught. We’ll have to convince them to not shoot you and to let us still marry.”

“Shoot? What?”

“Yes, Bex, we’ll need to have a convincing speech.”

She avoided his question, but since there were many questions he wouldn’t talk about—such as his horrid connections—he didn’t press, but he wondered if she could withstand the scrutiny of their marriage by reporters like Phineas?

Miss Croome sighed. “Papa has a temper. What if he shoots you, whether you’re sleeping in a bed or not? No speech will fix that.”

“Being shot is sort of hard to fix.” Arthur didn’t like the fear he heard in her voice. His inability to convince the innkeeper of her humanity had shaken her faith. He slowed the horses, looking for a safe place to pull over. “We can’t go on like this.”

“What are you doing, Bex? We have to keep going.”

“No, we don’t. I can’t have a wife who is nervous of her shadow, one who’s not sure that I can protect her. Today, we had problems because of an ignorant innkeeper; tomorrow a milliner might abstain from making your prim bonnets. If you really think your father will shoot me because I won’t be able to convince him otherwise, then I won’t think any less of you if you decide we should turn back. It will be full daylight when I drop you at Nineteen Fournier.”

She folded her arms. The drumming of her slipper grew louder. “I wouldn’t have you drop me there and shame my Mama, but at the Fitzwilliam-Cecil’s. That’s cowardly, but it would spare Mama some humiliation. She’s delicate, and my father would force my marriage to someone probably even worse than the Jordans. Bex, I don’t want to quit. We can’t stop now.”

“We didn’t even try to get your parents’ approval, Miss Croome. I’d hate to be missing sleep right now when your parents could have been reasoned with.”

“Papa wouldn’t accept you unless you had ships or something to add to his wealth.

“Ships?” It was good that it was still dark. Maybe in the low lantern light, she’d miss Arthur choking on her words. He tugged off his remaining glove and swiped at his neck. “I don’t have ships.”

“And Mama wouldn’t accept you at all because—”

“Because what? Because I’m an actor?”

Her voice lowered. “Because you’re not Blackamoor.”

His race was a concern? Stunned, he almost dropped the reins. His profession and class, maybe, but never had he thought his skin would be an objection. Finding a safe spot on the side of the road, he stopped his phaeton. “So, an actor, who’s not one of you, has stolen the fabric princess. That is how you put it over tea. I’ve accomplished more than I thought.”

“Don’t be so smug. You’re not what my parents would expect, any more than I was what you expected when you saw the lilac in my palm—my olive palm. I know Miss Burghley’s advertisement did not mention race.”

“You had on gloves, Miss Croome.”

“You know what I mean, Bex.”

“I was stunned at the reply being from a Blackamoor. My first thought was that you were part of an elaborate ploy, a Blackamoor and abolitionist. Very rich. When I discovered you were serious, I noted how charming you were, compared to the other advertisements I’d answered. Then I noted that glorious figure you keep trying to cover up. I am very attracted to you, despite our differences.”

“You’re attracted to me?” She stopped fidgeting with her shawl and sat up straight. “You haven’t said that before.”

She couldn’t tell that he was soundly entranced by her, and that made him like her more. “A modest, beautiful woman is a blessing as a wife. Let’s take a walk.”

“But you said we need more distance.”

He jumped down and came around to her side. “You need to stretch, too.” His outstretched hand remained lonely, so he shoved it to his side. “We should clear the air. Get a few things settled.”

“Like what?”

“I can’t do this with you still up there.” He put his hands around her waist and lifted her up from the bench.

Her arms scrambled about his neck as if she feared falling, but Arthur never let anything that he thought was his go away. The way she’d felt in his arms as she jumped to him from that window, and now with his palms encircling her waist, hers snug about his neck, he could easily think of Ester Croome as his. “I have you. You don’t have to be uneasy.”

He lowered her to the ground but didn’t move his hands. She didn’t seem to mind, either, for she didn’t swat at his fingers as she had over tea at the White Horse Cellar Inn. “See. Much better. No stiff limbs.”

“You are wonderfully tall.” She released him and stood directly under the lantern attached to his phaeton. The light shone in her toasty, topaz eyes.

His hand was bare, and he placed it on her cheek. “Such supple skin.”

“Lotion.” Her voice sounded breathless. “Plenty of it. Always after a bath.”

“I take it you enjoy a good soaking.”

Her cheek burned beneath his fingers. Surely, if it were daylight, he’d catch her blushing again. “I like your confidence and your vulnerability, Miss Croome.”

“Then why do you keep wanting me to give up?”

“I won’t lie to you, Miss Croome. I had no expectations outside of a woman of grace with kind eyes and humor in need of a husband. The fact that you are a Blackamoor and I’m not doesn’t seem to matter to either of us anymore.”

“It doesn’t, does it? I’ve been infatuated with you since the first time I saw you on stage, but I like the man in front of me now. I like you, Bex.”

He lifted her chin, bringing her lips closer. “Miss Croome, my attraction to you doesn’t care about our differences other than the important one.”

“What’s that?”

“I’m a man with eyes, and you’re a woman. I delight in your delectable curves, which are noticeable even as you try to hide beneath layers of fabric.”

With his other hand, he tugged at her shawl, freeing one shoulder. “I’m growing more curious about other secrets you have.”

Pushing at his hand, she turned away. “You like making me blush.”

“I like a lot of things.” He circled her until he captured her eyes and put his arms about her, pulling her to him. “You’re not afraid of being alone with a man by the side of the road at maybe four or five in the morn? Nothing fearful about being in my embrace?”

Her fingers went to his mangled cravat. “Not with Arthur Bex.”

“What if I weren’t Arthur Bex? Would you still feel secure?”

She puffed the loops of the tie, but only starch and an iron could save it. “Would you have the same melodious voice?” Hers was a purr.

“Yes. I suppose. You wouldn’t have accepted anyone else’s advertisement to escape your father’s suitor, just mine?”

Her slim index finger stilled, very close to the vein on his neck. His pulse ticked up. “Just you, Bex. If you must leap into a fire, why choose a match light over a hearth flame? Both will burn you, just one more so.”

“Am I the match or the hearth, Miss Croome?”

“Time will tell. You should give my name a practice. Ester Croome Bex. Ester Bex. Ester.”

Did she know how alluring she was? Or how well her curves fit against him? “You must truly like me, Ester Croome.”

“Yes. But say my name once more, with feeling, as if you were on stage.”

Arthur moved one hand from the glorious perch at her waist to stroke her neck. Round the curve and along a ribbon, he traced the lace at her throat that led to an ample bosom. “Is there a reward for saying your name in direct address, Miss Croome?”

Concentrating on her plump lower lip, he dipped his head closer. “A reward should be in order—”

Harsh galloping sounded from behind. A large carriage sprinted past them on the road where they were pulled over to the side.

Miss Croome ducked her face, hiding against his abdomen. She shivered against him. The lass truly feared being caught, and it reminded him how vulnerable they were.

“Bex, we should get back on the road. I don’t want to be found here in the middle of nowhere with no chaperone.”

“You’re eloping, Ester Croome. No chaperone required.”

She held on to him tighter; her words came out half muffled by his waistcoat. “If we fail and my father doesn’t kill or maim you, you will still be Arthur Bex. I’ll be a fallen woman. The limited choices and freedoms I have now as Josiah Croome’s daughter will be no more. No coaching inn will ever allow me to rent, not the infamous Ester. Not to mention that no respectable family will want anything to do with me. That shame will hurt Mama. She’ll forgive me, but the shame will cut her deep. We have to marry, being out here—all alone with you.”

“Then we can’t fail at making you my bride.”

“We can’t, and I know you can and will protect me. I don’t want us to fail.”

Her words were sweet, sweeter than the kiss he’d wanted to take. “We won’t.” He put his hands around her waist again and carried her back to the phaeton. He hoisted her up onto the platform. “We won’t fail, future Mrs. Bex.”

When he climbed in on the other side, she had the reins in her hand. “Bex, I’ve driven my friend’s gig. It’s small, with only two wheels, but I could drive this, and you could sleep. We could get more distance.”

He hadn’t thought of her being useful like this. Taking his gloves from the seat, he offered them to her. “These are a little worn, but they will protect your hands. He tugged off one of her gloves, taking a moment to clasp her fingers—long, piano-playing-digits. “Let’s not ruin these silky things.”

“That is satin with Mechlin lace.” She took off the other and stuffed them both into her bag before pulling on his gloves. “Do I keep to this road?”

“Yes. Stay the course unless you are ready to quit. I hope you’re not ready for that.” He sank back into the seat.

“Bex, I’m staying the course.”

When she safely made the horse take to the road, he relaxed a little more.

Chin held high, arms taut, blasted shawl again wrapped about her, she had the phaeton moving smoothly, the horses’ gait steady and straight.

Surprised at her skill, he sank a little more into the seat. “Your friend taught you well.”

“Mrs. Fitzwilliam-Cecil believes horse skills are essential for women.”

“But not your parents?”

“Rest, Bex. I’ll keep us on the path.”

She hadn’t answered his question, but his eyelids refused to let him seek further counsel. He’d have to find out more about her parents later, and perhaps figure out a way to smooth things over. Miss Croome wasn’t like him. She needed her family. Since the age of twelve, after his uncle’s trial, he’d been forced to live by his own means. If Arthur could spare her the pain of giving up her relations, he would.

The world became quieter as his lids drooped. A little sleep would help, but if Ester was right, how would things work if they were caught here, days away from Scotland?





Chapter Nine

Women Drivers

As they drove farther north, the wind started to pick up, blowing chilly air at Ester. While Frederica’s shawl offered some protection, Ester’s wildly inappropriate travel gown didn’t. She shivered on the seat, partly from the cold, partly from the occasional touch of her napping companion. She should’ve changed before she leaped from the window, but Bex hadn’t seen her in her pretty blue gown with the netting.

Though Ester designed dresses for Frederica and Theodosia, the gown she wore had been her mother’s choice. Mama had beautiful, elegant taste, and the gowns Ester usually sketched were for taller, bolder women.

Mama must have thought Ester was being disrespectful for missing her cake cutting, and Ester remembered how she, Ruth, and Papa had always stood near Mama when she’d cut the cakes at her parties. How hurt had she been when she’d discovered Ester had actually run away?

Bex’s hand touched hers again, and at the same time, a memory of Mama crying shot through her. The words “his hands” repeated in her skull. For that’s what Mama kept saying on the stairwell leading to their rooms above the warehouse.

Ester remembered, for she and her sister Ruth had been naughty, staring at the hardworking men below through a knot in the floor. Ester had heard the noise, strained her eyes, and had caught Mama sobbing.

Odd, Ester hadn’t thought of this memory before. Odd, she’d never asked what “his hands” meant or why those words had made Mama cry?

Another breeze felt like ice water on Ester’s legs. She should’ve changed from this dress to the frumpy burgundy one when they had stopped at the coaching inn, but she’d had that feeling of being watched. No show would be given to a voyeur or a thief.

Snort. Whistle. “Leave ’em alone.” Bex shot up straight from his sleep. His eyes were wide, almost crazed in the lantern light.

“Bex, are you all right?”

He took a handkerchief from his pocket and swiped at his mouth. For a moment, he stared at her as if he didn’t know her, as if he didn’t know himself.

“Bex, it’s me. Ester Croome. We are heading to Scotland.”

Sinking back on the seat, he covered his face with his hat. “I must confess, Miss Croome, I’ve been told that I snore a little and talk in my sleep.”

“Would it be lines of Shakespeare?”

“Clever, Miss Croome. And I remembered you and this venture to Scotland.”

“I hadn’t doubted that, but who said you snored? You’re an only child.”

“I’d rather not say.”

“Perhaps the Countess Devoors?”

He pushed his hat away and sat up again. “You read the newspaper too much.”

“Blame my mother. She collects all the papers. Every scandal caricature, she saves them. There was a funny one of you and the countess throwing a set of Wedgewood platters when you broke off your…arrangement.”

“The papers get things wrong all the time. It was one bowl, maybe a vase. No heirlooms were destroyed in our parting.”

“Why didn’t you marry her? You courted for a while. Definitely more than a day.”

He coughed, then said, “The widow wasn’t the marrying kind.”

“Then why were you with her?”

The seat lantern exposed a look on his face, brow rising over his eye, suggesting she’d asked one question too many. Ester turned back to the road, studying the couple of feet in front of them illuminated by the phaeton’s side lanterns. “Well, I don’t mind you snoring.”

“That is good. I don’t intend to sleep in separate chambers.”

She couldn’t look at him now, not when her questions could lead to such dangerous territory. “I don’t mind so much. My father snores. When we lived above the old warehouse, that hard noise meant Papa had made it home safely, that nothing had happened to him in his business dealings. Those long nights with the moon high over the Thames, I’d wait on my mat for the door to open, to hear the mumbles of my parents, then that harsh sound of his sleeping. That was safety.”

“You’ll be plenty safe with me.” He yawned big, surely pushing out all the air in his big chest. “Your father lives with danger?”

“Some don’t take kindly to the Croome’s advancing wealth. Mama, all of us, were gleeful when Papa hired solicitors to do his negotiations. And someone must not have liked my uncle’s advancing. Nothing save a bloody coat came home.”

“Miss Croome. I can imagine…the pain—”

“Say no more of it.” She remembered her uncle’s quick laugh—his never-to-be-heard-again-on-this-side-of-glory laugh. Her fears for Papa returned. Ester almost wished she could walk past her parent’s bedchamber and hear Papa’s snores. “Look at the bruises on your hands, Bex. We live in dangerous times.”

“We do. I remember the first rally I attended. I don’t know what I feared more at St. Peter’s Field, being shot or trampled.”

“Last year. You were at the St. Peterloo Massacre.” Her heart thumped hard, remembering the horrible reports of those killed. She jerked to stare at him and rocked the cart. “Fifteen people were killed, hundreds injured. How many bloodied coats were sent home? Bex, you can’t be so reckless.”

“The road, madam.” He grabbed her hand and steadied the reins. “What you call reckless, I call finding my purpose. I saw Henry Hunt speak. The great orator of the people used his voice to try to create change. I can’t live just to be in a costume on the stage. I can’t be quiet to appease my wife’s fears.”

“Hunt was arrested. They say he may serve time in prison. Maybe he should’ve listened to his wife.”

Dousing the seat lantern again, he leaned back and put his head near her side of the phaeton. “You won’t come visit me in Newgate?”

She dared herself not to look at him and risk her heart melting at moonbeams dancing on his grin. “I won’t be a couch woman, Bex. I won’t sit around and not have my opinion heard.”

“Not sure what a couch woman is, but I hear you just fine.” His voice was a yawn again. Soon his nostril made another heavy noise, a sawing sound like workers raising a new section of the warehouse. His sleep-warm face pressed into her shoulder. His lips moved again against the skin exposed by her cap sleeves.

A breath caught in her throat when he moved away. Why was her skin so aware of him? Why did she feel foolish and scared for Bex? How would she protect him from the dangers she knew to be real?

Bex’s hand joined hers, tugging to the right. “You’re drifting, Miss Croome. Are you tiring?”

“No, getting tangled in my thoughts.”

“Regrets? So soon? If I were arrested, you wouldn’t have to come to Newgate every day.”

She cast him a frowning look, but it was probably too dark for him to see. “My hope is that you never put yourself at such risk. Is that why you broke from your countess—your rallying?”

He sat up and steadied the reins, his naked hand atop her wrist. “She’s not my countess. It was an affair many months ago. Your mother’s papers should have made you aware of that.”

“My mother’s not aware of everything. She didn’t discover my father’s affair until last Yuletide.”

Bex straightened. “You could tell me about it. I’m up now.”

Opening up to Bex or keeping quiet warred in her head until she felt the warmth of Bex’s hand. This man was to be her husband. She needed to be open to him. “I love the Yuletide. The smell of cinnamon, ribbons on wreaths. My father still gave us presents to make up for when we were poor. He’d always hide the tiny parcels. I thought I was so clever finding one in his study. It didn’t have a tag, but I thought I could guess if it was for me.”

“So, you opened it?”

“Yes.”

“And could you tell, Ester?”

“Yes. They weren’t for my or Mama’s consumption. They were letters to my father’s mistress.”

“Oh.”

Was that all Bex could say? She could still see the brokenness in her mother’s face, still feel the twist in her gut when Mama took the box of letters Ester showed her. “That was the worst holiday ever. No morning songs, no lighting of candles—just pain. And no explanation, if there could be a reason to be an adulterer.”

“Did your mother forgive the transgression? She must have. She hosted a party with him last night? Right?”

She jarred the horses, making them run faster. “There was a party for the New Year, just six days after the discovery of the letters. Fake smiles and a strand of watercolor pearls seemed to be the price of making it all better.”

“I’m sorry, Ester.” He clasped his hand about hers and the reins for a moment before refolding his arms and getting comfortable again. “Maybe he repented, and your mother found a way to forgive him.”

“I’m not my mother, Bex. I’m not an easy spirit who will do or think as you want me to. I am no couch woman.”

“You said as much when we discussed my going to prison. Ester, I haven’t said I want a couch woman. And what I’ve come to know about you, I highly doubt your mother to be that easy with a betrayal.”

Bex didn’t know her mother to be weak and so concerned about public opinion. “We are nothing alike, mother and I.”

“If you say so. Thou doest protest too much, Ester.”

“You would use Shakespeare against me? Though, with your voice, I’ll forgive you.”

He chuckled, something wicked and knowing. “What else can my voice do?”

Skin to skin, his fingers had slipped beneath her shawl and wound about her arm, sending a deep shiver through her. “What things do you want, other than for me to give up my principles and my rally-making.”

Biting her lip, she warred against the butterflies doubling inside. “I said it before. Your honesty and fidelity are the most important things.”

“What if an omission was for your protection?”

“No, that won’t do for me, Bex. I need to be able to trust you.”

“Miss Croome, no riddles. I’m not sure my brainbox is fully awake. You seem to be a smart lass, so this definitely isn’t fair, but since you are speaking of what you want, I need to know what type of marriage I should expect?”

Foot jittering, she righted the carriage’s rumble off the road. “What type of marriage is it you seek?”

He settled beside her, a little closer than before. From the heat of his breath on her cheek, he’d nestled near her ear. “I believe one with you, my dear.”

Ester wasn’t a little girl, so she couldn’t act like one. She’d leaped as she had through the window with everything at risk. “You’re wondering if I want a marriage purely of convenience or one of occasional affection?”

“Never occasional, my dear. I’m inclined to passionate relationships. Surely, you read that in the papers. That part was no lie.”

Cheeks fevering, she focused on the closest horse. “You are trying to set my face on fire, aren’t you?”

“Perhaps, but I need to know if Ester Croome is inclined to a passionate relationship. You could let a fellow down easy if you aren’t interested.”

There was no way she’d change her mind, but what did he mean? “You wouldn’t marry me, if I weren’t inclined?”

He tapped the soft, ticklish spot along her ribs. “It would make things more challenging, and of course, I would take great pleasure in changing your mind. There’s an attraction between us which cannot be denied.”

His chuckle was arrogant, and melodious, and deadly accurate. How could she not be attracted to someone she’d loved from a distance for two years?

“What? Miss Croome? No response?’

There were plenty of responses—her stomach was tense, her head was light. She’d jump out of her skin if his elbow tapped her again. “I’m not a couch woman, one of those wives waiting for a carousing husband to find his way home, hoping for a gift to make his lies better. Not me, not that type of relationship.”

A long sigh came from Bex. “Well, it seems a mistress or extramarital affairs have been ruled out. That would make our marriage very limiting, very dull, for a man of passion. What do you want, Ester Croome?”

“Boring isn’t what I want, either.”

His hand clasped hers. “Good answer. No one should want boring.”

“Mr. Bex, you know I’m infatuated with your stage presence. I’ve watched you in so many plays—the ones my friends and I could attend.”

“That is a profession. That’s not me.”

She nodded, not that he could see. “I know. I want to know you. The true you.”

“I could make a joke about biblically knowing, but I won’t. Your tone sounds too serious. My hope is that the true me is someone you like.”

“I pretend a great deal, particularly when I’m frightened. I hope you get to know me, Bex.”

“I like you, Ester Croome, but the question becomes: the more that you learn of the man as opposed to the actor, will you like what you see?”

“It’s dark, Bex, but I can still see your character. I like you, Arthur Bex, well enough now.”

“Well enough to allow a kiss the next time there is an opportunity?”

So, she was right. He had wanted to kiss her before the racing carriage had reminded them how vulnerable they were on the side of the road.

Her head screamed yes, but until today Ester had never been so bold. “I suppose you’ll have to wait and see.”

“If we keep to this path, it should be interesting.”

His tone was a mix of arrogance and promise. He surely knew she was vulnerable to his charms. That unsettled her. The gulf between their feelings seemed wide. Would he use it to his advantage?

His hand slacked its hold. The abrasion on his knuckle scraped against her elbow. She should’ve changed her outfits, to be less sensitive to his touches. Ordering her thoughts to the mission of getting to Gretna without being caught, she focused on the road, which seemed to be narrowing. “I still can’t believe you chose to fight within hours of our elopement.”

“Sometimes, the fight picks you. You don’t always have the luxury of choosing.”

“I suppose.”

“Miss Croome, I learned to box at an early age. It comes in handy—with drunks, theater critics, reporters.” He wriggled his head, his forehead finding that space between her ear and collarbone to perch. “It will come in handy for those who are rude to Mrs. Bex.”

It warmed her heart that he was already protective her, but how would she fit into his world? “Bex,” she said in a voice she hoped was low and easy, “How will your friends take that you are married.”

“Just fine. If I had any. Well, Jonesy did wish us well.”

“Jonesy? Another actor?”

“A stable boy.”

No friends? “Bex, you are so wonderful on stage, larger than life. How can you not have friends? No one from childhood? No one from before you made a splash in London?”

He bristled and turned further away. “It can happen. I like to be alone.”

“With a preference for being alone—how exactly will that work for our marriage?”

His restless turning made the seat squeal. “Another thing we’ll have to wait and see.”

More distance separated them, and she instantly missed the heat of him and the smell of his soap. Maybe a spice?

Up a hill and down the other side, she kept the phaeton moving. Taking a glance at him nodding off, Ester didn’t like the imbalance between them—she infatuated, him not so much. “Why were you answering newspaper advertisements for a wife?”

Sigh. Snort-half whistle.

“Thanks, Bex.”

“Just.” His voice sounded weary, half audible. “Just felt…I just felt it was time.”

It was a small, unsatisfying confession. Stewing, she concentrated on the horses, but couldn’t help looking over at him for better answers. He should use his melodious voice to set her at ease, to say that he saw something special in her other than desperation.

Yet, each casual peek made the phaeton veer. She couldn’t resist.

He stretched. “Miss Croome, you’re not driving smoothly. Pull over and let me take control.”

Him taking control wasn’t what she wanted. “I haven’t driven that long. You need to rest. Won’t we be near a coaching inn soon?”

His hand tightened on the leather strap. “In another hour. But I’d like to make it there unharmed. You’re swaying. Pull over to the side. I’ll drive.”

“My friend, Mrs. Fitzwilliam-Cecil, she says it’s not safe to stop on the road. Highwaymen or thieves could lurk in the shadows.”

“Your friend is right, but her warning might be making you unduly nervous. Rest assured, you are safe with me. I’m a boxer, remember.”

One glance and Ester knew she wasn’t safe. Not from his humor, his condescension, or the lightness his presence caused her stomach. “The loner boxer who now wants to be a husband. Should I be nervous or cautious?”

“I don’t know. You’re the one driving backroads with a stranger. Again, I think you protest too much. It’s fine to be nervous. It’s lovely on a woman.”

She should focus on the lovely part, but the condescending tone—that could have come from her father. “Fine. I’m stopping. I’m cold and I need to change.” Ester pulled to the side of the road. When the horses stopped, she flung the reins at Bex then jumped down.

He lit and held up the lantern. “Miss Croome, where are you going?”

She scooped up her bag and yanked out her carriage dress. “I’m going to put on this more sensible gown. It’s warmer, and I need a moment alone. You should understand that.”

“Oh… Well, don’t take too long or wander too far. Dawn is breaking, and your friend’s highwaymen could be about. We could be their last run before going to bed.”

Without a look back, Ester moved forward. She knew she was being ridiculous. She knew it, but the feeling that she could be marrying a man as patronizing as her father didn’t sit well.

In fact, it burned her inners. She went into the edge of the brush guided by the hints of orange from the rising sun. Mama would be arising soon, inspecting Nineteen Fournier for damage from her guests—a scuffed floor, a broken glass, a missing daughter.

Mama would be so hurt. Would this elopement cut her as badly as Papa’s love letters? When those notes had fallen from her mother’s fingers, there had been so much pain on her face.

The poor woman had expected a present, only to be gifted with the truth of her husband’s failures. If Ester had known what the letters said, she’d never have given them to Mama, never hurt her so bad.

But hadn’t Ester hurt her mother by eloping?

Ester stumbled over a root, her breath sputtering as she lunged against a trunk. Her irritation at Bex had been replaced with guilt about her own treachery.

She’d deprived Mama of a chance to fix things and the opportunity to throw a big wedding breakfast.

And she’d find out at full light with the scuffed floor, the broken glass, the horribly ungrateful missing daughter.

Ester was guilty.

She folded her arms to keep her heart inside. She loved Mama but couldn’t trust that she’d fix things. And if Papa hadn’t forced Ester’s hand with this betrothal to Jordan, she wouldn’t have had to elope. She and Bex could’ve courted normally.

But the elopement was Ester’s doing, not her parents. She’d chosen this path. She chose Bex. Whatever happened—getting caught, disgraced, or worse, a poor marriage betwixt strangers—the fault would be on her shoulders, hers alone.

Things would work out. Maybe Mama could offer a celebration once things calmed. More hopeful, Ester stretched then wiggled one button at her neck open, then a second, and a third of the lace caressing her neck. Satisfied, she slid off her shawl and laid it on a branch, then she began her dance again, wriggling to loosen the outer gown’s lacings. The pretty overgown fell but caught on a bush with thorns, a plant with spiky leathered leaves, emerald green like a hawthorn shrub, but taller. Ignoring the noises behind her, she picked her netting free, only being poked once. The bush found out she’d fight for what was hers.

Bex wasn’t hers but there was an attraction between them. At this point, the actor was all she had. And he was her choice, not Josiah Croome’s.

Scanning the trees behind her, she saw nothing and continued undressing. One shimmy and two shakes helped Ester climb out of the rest of her party gown. She was careful to save the brass pins that made the fit perfect. The pretty thing might make an excellent wedding gown, though she wondered how she’d ever get the pins in again without assistance. Bex wouldn’t help her into the gown but more so out of it, if she took his suggestive words seriously.

Standing in her chemise and corset in the middle of the lush woods, with the sunlight starting to spread, she felt naked. She wasn’t, but the richness of her garbs was armor, built by being Josiah Croome’s daughter. Would being Mrs. Bex offer the same protection?

Sighing, not crying, she slipped the carriage dress onto her shoulders, tugging until it fit properly at her bosom, covering it more discreetly than the sheer lace of the party gown.

Done. Warm, covered, and matronly in one of her old gowns from their life above the warehouse, when they’d had no servant to help dress. Collecting her things, she started to walk back to the phaeton, but stopped and covered her mouth to hide a scream.

Bex wasn’t alone. A man dressed in ebony held a gun to his head.





Chapter Ten

Highway Robbery

Arthur stared at the end of the gun. It wasn’t the first time his nose had been so close to the smell of gunpowder, the feel of the cold iron, but this wasn’t merely his safety at risk. Now he had Miss Croome to keep from danger. “I’ve no more gold,” he said to the fiend. “I’ve given you all my guineas.”

The bandit laughed. “There’s always more. Been trailing you since you stopped at the coaching inn. Your pace is too leisurely a speed for a poor man and the only man not in a hurry is a rich one.”

Miss Croome hadn’t come from the bushes. Surely, she saw the robbery and would stay in hiding. Perhaps the shyness he’d seen in her would surface and keep her from jeopardy.

Yet, something in his gut said that wouldn’t happen. He needed the fiend to flee before she took notice. “Look, you’ve taken what I had in my pockets. Be on your way. Surely, you’ve some other fool to rob.”

“Where’s the woman?”

The man had a handkerchief to his face, but it didn’t block the gravel in his voice. With Arthur’s lantern still aglow, he could identify him. This time, being a witness against evil might again cost the life he’d built. “She isn’t here. Go on.”

“I decide when it’s time to leave.” The thief hoisted his gun and rummaged in the gig, but he’d find nothing of value—just Arthur’s clothes and the script he needed to memorize. “I saw a woman, and I smell lilac. You didn’t leave her at the inn. Where is she? She looked well-to-do. Scarves or lace can fetch a penny or more.”

Arthur balled his fist behind his back, calculating when to strike to subdue the fool before Ester returned. “You need to leave my wife out of this. Go on—”

Ester stood at the edge of the brush.

He wanted to yell for her to leave, but that would alert the fiend, giving him more leverage. “Look, you have everything. Go on your way.”

“Come out, little woman. I’ve your husband.” The bandit dumped Arthur’s bag on the ground. “So where is the little woman?” He cocked the hammer again and put it against Arthur’s temple. “She has to have a ring or a little jewelry. Here, little sweetheart. Come nigh and save your husband.”

“Don’t hurt him, sir.” Ester’s voice sounded full of tears.

The fiend slugged Arthur with the gun and knocked him to the ground. His vision was blurred, but he saw Miss Croome waving her arms like she was distraught. “Stay back. Let this man be on his way before you come close.”

The rising sun shined upon her. She looked frail, helpless, and Arthur’s gut twisted. “Run, Ester.”

The bandit kicked at him before turning to her. “A maid? No, a prostitute. There’s no wife. Oh, no wonder your driving was crazed. You’ve ditched the wife for a hot little piece. I hear her kind gets hot and bothered quite easily.”

“You have all that was in my pockets.” He tried to rise, but the man’s boot pinned his leg. “Go now. We won’t follow.”

“Of course, you wouldn’t. Your hands are far too full.” The bellicose laughter grew worse. “Come on over, little woman, and let me take a look at you.”

She threw her head back, and in a voice that sounded calm said, “I’ll come if you lower that gun. Don’t hurt him.”

“I don’t take orders, especially from the likes of you. Now come over here before I blow his face off.”

The barrel was again at Arthur’s head. The smell of the gunpowder, the heft of the muzzle setting creases above his eye, reminded him of long ago, walking his uncle’s ship with the sailors who didn’t want the kid too near the cargo hold. “Don’t touch her. Leave her be.”

“Mr. Bandit, sir, why don’t you come here?” Her voice sounded husky, not proper and prim or scared, as before. “I’d like a look at you.”

That tone made both the bandit and Arthur stare in her direction.

Her hands fluttered about her hair. Then her braid came down. She looked wild, almost savage with her chignon waving down her back as she swiveled her hips to music that only she heard.

“Oh, I see why you took off with her, mate.” He pointed his gun at the phaeton. “Why don’t you go on and leave me and the maid to play hide-and-go-seek in the woods.”

Arthur leaped to his feet and started for the man, but he again cocked his gun and pointed at him. “Go with your life. I’ll only tell you this once.”

The bandit started for her. “I’m stealing your plaything. Come on, lil’ Wowski, or shall I say, Rapunzel. Let me play. If your kind is good enough for Prince William to bed, then you’ll do fine for me.”

“Go, on love,” she said with a giggle, a nervous one. Your wife’s waiting around the bend. Let her know her maid won’t make it in today.” She fumbled with the top button of her dress. “Go on, lover boy.”

That’s when he knew it was an act to distract the bandit. “Fine, I was tired of you anyway. The likes of you cost me four guineas.”

He got into the phaeton and pushed it up the road a few paces and into the thicker grove around the bend, just far enough to pretend to leave. Arthur jumped to the ground, took a knife and rope from his seat storage and went back to save his brave bride-to-be.

Huffing, he charged through the brush. When he saw his brave Ester, she’d slipped deeper into the woods, but the bandit was now halfway to her.

“What game is this, lass? I’ve come this far, now you come out to me.”

Hips swiveling, Ester continued her dance, edging more into the woods. “You know my kind will say anything. And I’d say anything to keep you from my man.”

The sunlight wasn’t Arthur’s friend, but it slipped behind a cloud, giving him a little time to get closer to the woman who was risking her neck for him.

The highwayman cussed, as if that kind of talk would convince a peach like Ester to come closer. “I’m done with the games, Wowski. I don’t pull guns out on women, but there is a first for everything.” He lifted his gun and took aim at her. “Come now and dance for me, close and easy.”

No more space to go—Ester was against a tree. “Put down your gun and come get me.” She fingered the top button of her dress, popping it and one more. “’Less you’re scared of little old me?

The air sucked out of Arthur. She was brazen and wild, but smart as a fox.

“Sure, love. A little busty thing like you is no threat. We’ll play it your way, for now.” The fiend set his gun down but pulled a knife from his boot. He took the final steps and dangled it in front of her wide eyes. “You like to tease.” He drew the knife point down her bosom. “But I think you won’t disappoint.”

Dropping the rope, barely in control of the rage pumping through his veins, Arthur balled his knuckles and pounced. He leaped and knocked the knife, sending it far away. Then he punched the man, three blows for every one the highwayman could muster. He wasn’t going to let the thief have any part of her. “She hasn’t disappointed me ever.”

One deep blow after the other, Arthur sent the bandit careening backward.

“I’ll kill ye both.”

But Arthur wasn’t done. He was back on Zhonda, his uncle’s ship, but he was finally big enough to pummel the first mate, the one leading the charge to toss the cargo overboard.

Hands went up about Arthur’s neck, but he broke the choking hold. He beat the man below him until blood splatted his hands. All was silent below him, but Arthur fought against the sailors who kept him from reasoning with his uncle. If he didn’t stop the crew, the killings would continue. The cargo below wouldn’t be saved, all tossed into the ocean to drown.

Arthur took his knife and put it to the first mates throat. “It’s over. No more will die.”

The cock of the gun sounded, and again he smelled gunpowder. “Bex?”

A soft palm touched his cheek. “He’s done-in, Bex. You don’t have to kill him. Look, you saved me.”

Blinking, he came back to himself, stashed his knife in his pocket, then stood.

She handed him the gun. His hand shook while he fisted his fingers about the barrel.

“Bex?”

He yanked off the highwayman’s scarf and wiped his hands clean, but couldn’t say anything to her. His mind hadn’t settled. It was still in the past, still haunted.

With a better grip to the gun’s stock, he fought the temptation to blast holes in the highwayman, but that wouldn’t cleanse Arthur’s memories.

“We are all right, Bex.”

Lowering the gun, Arthur turned and snatched her about her waist and held her until his heart slowed. “You’re crazed. What if I were a lesser man?”

“You’re not. You’re Arthur Bex, and I’m safe. We are safe. I never lost faith in you.” She reached up as he bent his head, and she kissed his cheek. The softest lips planted on his jaw as the words she’d said blessed his lonely soul.

She hugged his neck again before pulling him toward the phaeton. “Now, let’s get out of here. Someone will think it’s my fault.”

“I’m going to tie the highwayman up first. Get the rope from the bushes over there.”

Her lips had pressed to a thin line, but she nodded and ran like a rabbit then bounced back with the jute in hand.

Arthur practiced breathing as he did for a direct address, focused and in control, even as he pointed the flintlock pistol at the bandit’s head.

Not trusting himself and his fight with the past, he handed the gun to her. “Hold this, Ester, while I bind up your highwayman.” Taking the rope, he twisted it about the bandit’s hands and feet, then dragged him to a tree.

Ester stared as if she’d seen a ghost when he’d finished. All the bravery she’d had seemed to disappear. “The coils about his wrists, his ankles. You’ve hung him up like an enslaved man.”

“What?”

“Something my father once described.” She touched at her bosom. “You don’t know how frightening a thing is, not until you see it.”

Arthur looked back at the highwayman. The man’s blonde hair caught the morning sun as he lay with his hands and feet bound like shackles to a boat hull. Sweat beaded and rolled down Arthur’s face as he struggled to contain the venom in his heart for his memories, for his uncle. “I…I don’t want the highwayman to escape before a constable can find him.”

“Bex, let’s go.” Her hand shook as she picked up her bag. “I knew you’d come back to save me.”

Her gloves were off and she put her free palm against his brown jacket sleeve. In the early light, he and this lovely woman were barely distinguishable, like they were one. They had to be one, for no one had seen him so weak—not in a long time. He forced a deep breath. “That was dangerous, Ester. He could’ve hurt you, or worse.”

“He was going to hurt you.” She moved from him too soon, but before he could object, she went to the bandit and pulled Arthur’s guineas from the man’s jacket. “These are your coins, not his.”

“You’re not mine officially yet, either, Ester. Let’s get back on the road to make it true, you as my wife.”

A shaky curl lifted her lips. “He can’t die out here tied to a tree. That shouldn’t happen.”

“Compassion on a man who just called you low names, who threatened to assault you, maybe kill you when he was done?”

“I’m safe. We are both safe. I can’t focus on the bad. Frankly, there is just too much.”

After putting the gun in his waistband, he took her bag and led her through the woods to his phaeton. “I’m sorry, Ester. I was careless. I forced you to act…that was an act, right?”

Her smile hadn’t quite returned. For the first time, he couldn’t read her emotions. “No greater love hath a man than to lay down his life for another, for his friend.” Her voice was low. “I think of you highly. I hope you know me as a friend, too.”

He put her bag into the carriage and then spun to crowd her against the wheel. Tapping the two brass buttons she’d opened to entice the bandit, he drank in her beauty. “May I.”

“Yes. I mean, what?”

Her eyes went wide as he buttoned the first one, then the second. “No one sees you but me, Ester. I’m claiming this figure that has me intrigued beyond a mere distraction. Don’t risk yourself, this loveliness. I’m not worth that sacrifice.”

“Maybe you are to me.”

“Because you’re in love with an actor on the stage?”

“Maybe. But the man, the one who promised he’d come at five minutes after twelve, the one who I knew wouldn’t truly leave me with a highwayman, has me in a serious state of bliss. I’m in serious like for Arthur Bex.”

At this moment, he wished he were Arthur Bex, the one she saw with her topaz eyes. His throat tightened a little. “There is a coaching inn another hour or two ahead. We’ll send word of the highwayman’s capture. No doubt, he’s taken advantage of others. He has to be a wanted criminal.”

“Good, and you’ll tell them. You’ll be a hero. And no one will think it’s my fault.”

He dove his fingers into her loosened hair. Her tresses were silky with heavy curls. It was something to clasp, perhaps strong enough to keep them bound together. “You think they will blame you because you’re Blackamoor?”

She backed away, moving from his hands that wanted more of her.

Fingers working fast, smoothing her locks behind an ear, she nodded. “Yes, and I’m also a woman. The rules are always different for us.”

“They shouldn’t be.” He took her back into his arms and held her for a moment, then lifted her to the padded seat. He climbed up next to her. Before he could stop her, she reached for the reins.

“I could drive for a little longer, Bex.”

“Oh, no. I’m wide awake now.” He’d lowered his tone, but it was too late.

She drew back from him.

“Sorry, Miss Croome, but I’ll drive.” He forced the horses forward. “My emotions are a bit scattered. I need the hum of the road to collect myself.”

“Your voice, Bex. You sound quite angry.”

“I’m angry at myself. I put you at risk. I made you feel as if you had to coerce this man to spare me. I’m not worth your safety.”

As the phaeton moved from grass to the gravel path, Ester looked small again, deflated. It was a long time before she took pins from her pocket and finished righting her hair.

Prim and proper again, and he felt more the heel. He was a good actor; he had to be able to make her smile again. He smoothed the edges of his temper. “Ester.”

“Yes, Bex.”

“Have you done any theater? That little performance was quite good. Makes me wonder of an encore.”

“You were in danger, and I went with the myth about Blackamoors and mulattoes being loose and wild. The horrible man fell for it. I only wanted you out of harm. I knew you could figure something out if a gun wasn’t being waved in your face.”

“Well, save the theater for me. I’m the actor in the family. But thank you for caring so much, so soon about me, Arthur Bex, the man.”

It took about a mile before she offered a hint of a smile.

He put his eyes back on the road, not this mysterious girl who’d just risked everything for him. The countess would never have risked herself like this. That one surprise dinner with Phineas in tow, the woman had detailed their every argument and had even seemed to side with the reporter, asking questions about Arthur’s past. She had even cast doubts on his sincerity about his push for abolition.

But the countess hadn’t known the truth. He had certainly not shared the haunting memories that never went away.

A glance at Ester, fidgeting with all her buttons done, made his chest swell. She was with him even to her detriment. Her loyalty couldn’t be questioned. If he opened more of his life to her, would her sympathies remain?

Part of him wanted to confess to her now. Yet, his healthy skepticism screamed, don’t do it, remember how you were shunned. The stakes had risen. He wouldn’t merely be losing someone he found attractive, but perhaps the only person who found him worthy enough that she’d risked her life to save him. That kind of person was too rare. No, he’d not gamble and lose her over things long buried in the sea and in Liverpool’s prisoner’s field. Arthur didn’t think she’d smile at him, not even a hint of one, if the horrid deeds of his uncle became known.

…

Ester sat back against the seat, waiting for Bex to come from the main building of the Travelers Coaching Inn. The noon sun burned outside the limestone walls of the stables, highlighting the pink and gray blocks. She was grateful for the shade and the quiet of the stable hands. No questions about who they were or why, only silence and hard work scrubbing lathered horses, strapping in fresh ones.

The hearty scent of fresh hay overcame that of stale horses and muck. She felt comfortable enough to close her eyes, but she couldn’t. She had to wait for Bex to come back with two rented rooms.

“What city are we near?” she asked one of the grooms who stared at her.

The young man swiped at his light brown hair. “Close to Sheffield.”

It was a place she hadn’t heard of, but it didn’t sound like any city near London. Maybe they were making progress, getting closer to Gretna. Too afraid to ask how far Scotland was from Sheffield and give away their plans, she dipped her head.

Ester inhaled long and deep. Creating a distraction for Bex to subdue the highwayman was the craziest thing she’d ever done, save eloping. What else could she have done, seeing that gun pressed to Bex’s temple?

Never could she sit by and hope things would get better. She had to act, even if it meant pretending to have more courage than she really did. Her hands shook as she clasped her elbows, remembering the fear that had wrapped around her as she’d chosen to dance for the gunman. If Bex had been anyone other than an honorable man, Ester would be dead, or worse than dead.

“All finished up,” the groom said as he clunked his brush in his pail and moved on to another carriage.

She watched the metal bucket slosh soapy water as he carried it away. Could she be envious of a brush because it soaked in water that she imagined was warm and soothing? If Ester were home, she’d be in her room atop her big canopied bed, waiting for her turn in the copper bath. She’d be the second to use it, after Mama, as was her rank in the household of Nineteen Fournier. The sides of the copper tub would still be warm, and Mrs. Fitterwall always brought Ester fresh water.

Curling deeper into the seat and the silky shawl, she closed her eyes. The care of everything drifted away except her hope that Bex would hurry to get them rooms.

The carriage rocked, and when she opened her sleepy eyes, the Travelers Inn was disappearing in the distance. It took at least another minute for her weary soul to realize that there would be no bed, not now.

She forced her eyes to open and focus on Bex.

His hat had been tossed to the floorboards, and his handsome face seemed blank.

Her heart beat hard, and she bolted up. “Did you get in trouble over the highwayman? Are we on the run?”

“No, for his capture, I was thanked.”

That feeling that he was leaving something out pressed at her middle, grounding the butterflies inside that had taken flight upon seeing Bex.

“I can’t stand it.” Bex said, “You’re a wonderful woman, Ester Croome. You risked your life for me, but no single room for you. It’s not fair.”

“So, you think I’m wonderful.”

He turned to her with a forehead riddled with lines. “Is that the only thing you heard?”

“It’s the only thing that matters. Sleeping inside a horrible small inn does not mean as much as hearing you say I’m wonderful, Bex.”

With a shake of his head, he turned back to the road. “Women.”

Almost grinning, she settled back down on the bench but found his arm scooting her closer. “It’s only fair. Put your head on my shoulder if you can reach it. I used you for a pillow yesterday before our highwayman. I still think you shouldn’t have put yourself at risk. Now have at me.”

She trembled at the teasing command, worse than any shiver she’d tried to suppress. “Once we are married, things will be better. We’ll get to know each other without all the differences of our worlds coming between us.”

“Ester, is this what it’s like for you and your friends outside of London? Denial of your humanity? Being treated worse than a criminal?”

“Sometimes. Sometimes it’s that way in London. We mostly try to stick to our own. We don’t venture too far from London, not without setting up the trip far in advance. Some will refuse, but others won’t care because our money is gold. That’s the only color that matters.”

She could hear the fury growling in his chest, and in his eyes she saw the want of something, or perhaps the haunting of being powerless. Then she remembered waiting for Papa to come home, waiting to hear his snores. She hated that feeling, but it was too common, too ingrained in her soul.

Ester sighed. “Bex, this is how it is. I’m grateful for what I have, for you. You look at me and your mind doesn’t see foreign or exotic, or loose morals. Hopefully, all you see is a girl going with a boy to Gretna Green to marry and live happily ever after.”

“I see that, but I also see the injustice, and it burns. Prince William, the new king’s own brother, is rumored to have kept his enslaved lover offshore because she’d be free if she stood on our soil. Things must change.” He swiped at his neck as if it was bathed in heat. “Perhaps when abolition is law in every part of this world, then this attitude held by the innkeepers will change, too.”

“It’s so difficult to change the world, difficult and dangerous. Bex, I just want to know you’ll return to me safely.”

His fingers massaged the tired muscles of her shoulder. He made the horses move so smoothly it lulled her. Her eyelids grew heavier.

“I’ll take better care, Ester. Definitely take better care of you. But I won’t stop speaking out against enslavement, not until it is done.”

“With your dreamy voice, and some well-placed providence, all things are possible.” Another yawn pushed out. “Will you promise to think about your safety?”

“Let’s talk on this later. Sleep, my sweet fiancée. I’ll wake you at the next coaching inn. Maybe we’ll have better luck then.”

Bex’s idealism was heartwarming, but Ester saw the world as it was, not as she wanted it to be. And people like Bex, they got hurt with their do-gooding. She didn’t want him hurt, and she didn’t know how many times she could see him get knocked down, put in his place.

“Sleep, Ester. Know that you are safe with me. We’re halfway to Scotland.”

Blinking, she snuggled against his thick arm. His voice sounded so comforting, like it always had on stage, but this was only a moment in time, a respite between storms. Halfway was a point of reflection. There was time to change minds, to come to new understandings.

Ester wanted to marry Bex, but if he persisted in putting himself at risk, how could she stand it? Marrying her might not be best for him, his career, or even his safety. And she cared about him enough to protect him, even use the money Theodosia gave her and take a coach back to London. That would save Bex, but what about Ester?

How could she live with the shame of almost eloping, of being that brazen girl who ran off with an actor? Frederica struggled with the stigma of being a loose woman because of her courtesan mother, but nothing would save Ester from the cuts-direct, the awful whispers, the hurt of seeing Mama’s proud, crestfallen face.

There was no escape, not now. Ester would be branded low, as if Bex had taken a heated iron and smote the words on her forehead. She’d enslaved herself to this path by eloping,

“Ester, you don’t look like you’re sleeping. You look pensive.” Bex’s voice was soothing, like hot tea, warm crusty bread, or a dip in a steaming bath. “Do I want to know your thoughts?”

“No.” He didn’t need to hear of her want of a bath or of the need to convince him to take a quieter path and merely focus on his acting so she wouldn’t fret about receiving his bloodied frockcoat and have no hope of him coming home. “The world is dangerous, Bex. Things happened to Papa’s brother, and a few family friends. Their murders never made it into Mama’s papers.”

Bex put his arm about her. “We’ll just have to take more care but keep moving in the right direction.”

She shivered again, and his hold tightened.

Would he ever understand the danger? Would he promise to be sensible? Ester needed to convince him before they took their vows. She wasn’t going to sit on the couch hoping to never hold his battered frockcoat.

No, that wouldn’t do for Ester at all.





Chapter Eleven

Rocky Roads

Arthur drank the hot coffee he’d procured at the last inn. It wasn’t good to drink too much of it, but he had to. They’d gone another full day and night with only stops to change horses and to get something to eat. The strain of it all wearied his soul, but he’d not give up going north, not until they made it to Gretna.

His seatmate nibbled on an apple. Ester’s appetite seemed small, and that smile she’d had at first had waned. Eloping without a plan for how to travel had been foolish. He had never thought it would be so difficult, so draining, but now this was a battle he must win. “Eat some of the mutton stew, Ester. It’s quite good.”

“The apple is filling, Bex. It’s hard to swallow watching you suffer.” She put down her charcoal from the new sketch she was drawing.

“Done with your art?”

“Bex, could I have another go at driving?”

The poor girl asked every time they stopped, and now every twenty minutes or so. “You’ve done enough with the highwayman. That can’t be the highlight of this trip. And I’ll not ruin your buttery soft hands on these straps. Ester, enjoy the scenery. Smell the cooler air.”

“How do you know my hands are so soft? I’ve barely been without gloves.”

“I’ve touched a little; the rest is imagination.”

Her face frowned up, her lovely lips puckering. “Tell me more of your upbringing, Bex.”

Maybe the lack of sleep made him giddy, but she had said something that didn’t involve stopping or letting her drive. “My father was a vicar. I heard he had a voice on him.”

“Well, like father, like son. Who raised you when your parents died?”

There was always a choice in what he confessed to another soul and how bad things would become if his words ended up in the papers. The reporters who had covered his uncle’s trial had made caricatures of Arthur’s testimony—one showing him on the stand, half devil, half human. That image lingered. Though he felt close to Ester, how could he risk her seeing him as such? “I was passed to an uncle who died a few years later. I raised myself. I had to. I don’t want to say more.”

“Is it that painful?” Her frown became a line of sadness and sympathy.

Arthur hated pity.

“So you’ve learned to be independent and alone.”

The statement was small, but like a pinprick, it stung, echoing the truths he’d rather deny and avoid. “Smell the air. It’s different from London.”

Her eyes never shifted, but the slight nod of her chin indicated a willingness to let him be on this matter. “I smell rotten egg. Is that sulfur from the coal? There is ash in the sky above the trees. I like London. The stench is familiar. In a way, it is comforting because I know it. I don’t know what it’s like to be alone, but I’ve chosen a path that may separate me from my family.”

“You’re not much of an optimist are you, Ester? They’ll come around. Let’s be hopeful.”

The furrows on her brow deepened, and she took another small bite. “I’m more a realist. I think it is easier.”

“How very dull and unromantic. Do you dream? Surely you do. You liked me well enough all from the majesty of the stage. That’s a dream.”

Her eyes drifted to the left, and he hoped she remembered the things that had drawn her to him, that they would sweep away the doubts which he knew had grown.

“I do dream. Right now, I’m dreaming of a hot bath. The water’s the perfect temperature, almost steaming, maybe a hint of rosewater or lilac fills the room. Yes, I dream, Bex, but maybe my dreams are too simple.”

She grabbed at the reins. “Bex! You’re looking at me and drifting. It’s not safe to go on when you’re so tired. You’re weaving more than I did.”

He was tired, bone aching tired, but she had done too much for him. As a man, he needed to show her he could protect her…that she could depend upon him, no matter what they faced as a husband and wife—even the loss of her family. “I suppose I should stop glancing at you. Staring at the road is a safer bet than thinking of you in a bath.”

Her olive cheeks darkened, and it delighted him as much as her hand, tiny and strong, winding about his.

“Bex, you are struggling. Let me help.”

“A little suffering is good for the soul. ‘’Tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune than to take arms against a sea of troubles.’”

Her topaz eyes brightened. “Your Hamlet was very good, but our sea of troubles is the lack of sleep. Maybe we could pull over for a few moments. You could nap in the sulfurous air.”

“The last time we did so, your highwayman found us and you danced for him. Though I am not opposed to seeing those hips of yours in a fit of fancy, I won’t put you at risk again.”

He’d done it again. Her whole face fevered. A stranger might not’ve been able to tell, but he could. It meant he’d come to know a little more of this woman who was so concerned about his welfare. “I am finding you a good sport and a pleasure to tease, but you can help me.”

“Oh yes, Bex. Let me help.”

“Dig into my bag by your feet and pull out the long pages.”

Her expression changed. The edges of her plump lips lifted as she dove into his things and retrieved the script. Lean fingers flipped through the pages. “Antony and Cleopatra.” She drew the papers to her bosom, and he envied the parchment. “Is this your new play?”

Loving the light sound of her voice, he smiled. Good, the distraction of Shakespeare. “Yes. I’ll be General Antony. As long as we are back on time for rehearsals, I’ll get to keep the leading role in one of the greatest love stories.”

Ester’s pert flared nose wrinkled. “If you say so, Bex. You’ll be wonderful in anything.”

He scratched at his chin but returned his eyes to the road. “I sense you are not impressed. Have you read the play?”

More pages rustled. “Yes, I’ve read it. Shakespeare’s plays were some of the first books Papa bought for his study. I saw this one performed a couple of years ago. It wasn’t that fine.”

His curiosity was piqued. He thought a Shakespeare lover would enjoy all his works. “You don’t find the story of a great warrior totally enraptured by the queen of the largest African country to your liking?”

She shook her head and pulled the pages to her bosom. “No, Bex. I do not.”

The woman was quite adorable holding his script with such a serious pout. Was she again fretting? He needed to become better at engaging her, even as his own attention drifted from the road. “I am at a loss, Ester. I thought we were of like minds, yet how could you not find the story of a Roman soldier and an African queen not similar to, say, us? Albeit, I’m from Liverpool, very close to where the Normans, the Roman’s descendants, came through.”

His jest didn’t seem to amuse her, not if her spreading grimace was an indication. “It’s not like us, Bex. It should never be anything like us.”

Glancing at her and her rising tone, he saw her fingers tightening about his papers. “But their love was so powerful. Aren’t you looking for a love like that?”

“No, Bex. I’m not. Their love was deceitful. Antony was married when he took up with Cleopatra. He was with the queen when his first wife died. How disloyal can a fellow be? Maybe Antony thought he’d get his wife pearls upon his return to gain forgiveness. Pity the wife never collected.”

Arthur fanned his hat. “Uh, yes, Antony was a bit of a scoundrel at first, but you must concede he was devoted to Cleopatra.”

Ester made a horrible laugh before shoving his papers back into his bag. “How devoted could he be? And to whom—the second woman he married, or the queen he returns to and with whom he continues an adulterous affair? I think Antony is horrid.”

“Maybe you are missing the point. It’s a classic love story. His marriages were political.”

“Bex, don’t tell me they were marriages of convenience. That still wouldn’t make me have sympathy for Antony or his portrayers.”

Arthur hadn’t thought about the play like that, and with Ester still smarting over her father’s infidelity, he heard the pain she hadn’t forgiven. He rubbed at his neck. “I can see your point. It was wrong to engage in the illicit affair, but that is how Shakespeare sculpts the web of their relationship.”

Ester tossed her head back onto the seat. “Webs are sticky. You do things for one reason, but you become entangled in another until you can’t break free. A neglected spouse, working all the time, too much to do to come straight home. Webs are ruinous.”

Yes, they were. This wasn’t going well, but at least she wasn’t fretting at his driving. Might as well push farther down this hole. “Do you think the queen was at fault?”

Cutting her eyes at him, Ester said, “Antony is responsible for his choices, but I wonder why he chose her, other than for her beauty. Every time Antony needed her help, Cleopatra was untrustworthy. She left her great love in need, and his ships were defeated. How can there be love, even a little love, if there is no trust? I hope we are never like them.”

One forbidden glimpse at Ester revealed tears in her eyes—wet, topaz eyes. His chest ached as he turned back to the rocky road. “It’s just a play, dearest, not our story. I’m not Antony. You’re not Cleopatra. What’s the matter?”

She fished in her bag for a handkerchief. “I don’t know why it matters to me. I mean it happened years ago. Mama has forgiven my father. Why can’t I? Why am I holding on to the grief?”

They were getting to the steeper parts of the terrain. It was either pull to the side now or have to wait hours. One look at Ester and there was no choice. He slowed the carriage to a crawl then edged over to the side of the road and parked. Slipping his hand about her, he tugged Ester, small delicate Ester, into his chest. His lips found her brow, and he kissed away the creases. The sweet scent of lilac from the soap she used to wash her face was still there. The sweetness so fragrant, so enticing. “Don’t cry, Ester. Your father’s a flawed man. Most men are.”

Fisting her hands, she beat upon his chest, but he did not let go. “You can’t be like that. You can’t lie to my face and say we are everything and then risk it all for a Cleopatra. Papa was perfect. Tall and strong. You can’t be like him.”

Arthur rubbed her back, settling Ester more firmly against him. “Your father, Antony…neither thought of the risks. If your father had properly weighed them, I am sure he’d have chosen the right course. But that is your parent’s marriage. Their lack of happiness or discord will be nothing to us. We won’t be foolish, Ester. We won’t squander what we have.”

“What do we have, Bex? A response to a newspaper advertisement that wasn’t even mine? You don’t know anything about me. You just mentioned you were from Liverpool, but what else do I know? You raised yourself, nothing of your connections. Nothing but what has been in the newspapers, the caricatures of the scandals. Will you leave me when things get tough? Things always get tough.”

Lifting her chin, he spoke of what he did know. “Ester, I’ve known you for two days. It’s not a lifetime, but I’ve never felt more like sharing a life with someone than I do with you. I’m not promising a grand passion, or that we’ll never argue. We’ve already done that.”

“Yes.” She sniffled. “You can be condescending.”

He tapped her nose, tracing the slight arch until he met her cheek. “And you, my dear, will not think of your own safety, in spite of my wishes.”

“’Tis true, Bex. I can be stubborn like my father. That has to be bad.”

“Ester Croome, I know I can depend upon you. That’s important to me. You’re right. I have to learn how to not be a loner, but you are the one I want to learn that with.”

Any doubts about them not being of one mind had diminished to almost nonexistence. Ester was a quiet person, but not passive, and if she truly loved him, Arthur knew she’d fight for him. Wasn’t that what he wanted in a wife above all else—someone to believe in him and recommend him?

Forgetting his past, stuffing it away to the rear of his brain, he gripped her delicate palm, her graceful fingers, so warm and full of life. “I promise you fidelity, Ester Croome. I promise to tell you the truth to anything you ask. I’ll cherish what we build. I won’t take it for granted.”

She pushed away to the edge of the gig as if she’d jump. “Please don’t make promises, Bex. I know things change. One minute everyone is happy. The next, not so much. I’ve admired you for two years. Maybe that has blinded me to our incompatibility. Maybe this crazy trip and lack of sleep has blinded you, too.”

“Ester, I’d rather you not see my flaws. They’re daunting.”

“What if I’m your Cleopatra and every time you need me to defend you, I shrink away? I’m a private person. You’ll push for abolition and you’ll keep fighting, but it is so dangerous. What if you need me to support you, and I can’t because I’m afraid of you getting hurt?”

He swallowed hard as his gut tightened. That couldn’t be. He knew that she was the one. Scooting over to her, he put an arm on her shoulder. “So tense, Ester. You think that I have doubts about a woman that danced in the bushes, placing herself in danger for me? You knew I would come back for you. Ester, what’s between us is new but it feels right.”

Turning to him, she looked up, and he captured her gaze.

He wasn’t ready to call what he felt love, but it was more than passion and thankfulness. “We have a beginning, Ester Croome. Something thick and rich to build upon. Yes, I am an actor playing parts in the theater, but my trust in you is no act. I hope to keep earning yours.”

“Maybe, but I’m sure my parents must suspect something is wrong. Hopefully, my absence has ruined my chances of marrying Jordan. You’ve done enough, Bex. Send me home by coach at the next inn.”

“Ester, your reputation. No one will think—”

“I know, Bex. I know. I hope this won’t end up in Mama’s scandal papers, but I need to protect you. Without me you can take a room and rest. You’ll get a great deal of sleep and make it back to London for rehearsals.

No.

He couldn’t lose her over sleep. She cared about him, perhaps more than she did herself. No one had done that in a while. The last woman he’d cared for, the Countess Devoors, had liked his fame and the attention his name brought, but she would have sold his hide for her name to be put in the papers. That’s why bashful, brave, beautiful Ester was perfect.

“Put me on a stagecoach, Bex. Then go on being London’s best actor.”

“No. I will not send you away unless you have decided against me as a husband. Do you not care for me?”

“You know I do, but this is not right.”

It hit him like a dropped line, a bad review. Somehow, she’d taken up the notion that this was too hard for him. She surely thought he couldn’t do well in a mixed-race marriage. He slipped a frizzy curl behind her ear. “You’re wrong to give up on me, Ester. In four hours or less, I’ll have you in Scotland. We’ll marry as planned. I’ll not send you back to face the scorn of the world. I care too deeply for you.”

He framed her face within his palms, claimed her wide-eyed gaze, and came within a whisper of her mouth. “You still wish to marry me, Ester Croome, don’t you?”

“I…maybe…yes, yes, Bex.”

The garbled words scented in apple were like a sultry kiss, exactly what he wanted. He started the horses. “Good, I want to be married to you, too.”

But Bex knew the matter wasn’t settled. As the horses regained speed, he looked over at her fanning herself with a sketchbook, perhaps a little breathless, like he was.

He wanted Ester, the right way, to be given to him in marriage. His past, like the miles ahead, was just an obstacle to overcome. He had to prove himself to her today, to wed her today, or lose her forever.





Chapter Twelve

Almost There

Ester sat in the phaeton as Bex paid for the horses to be changed. She saw a couple traveling with a girl maybe a few years younger than she. The mother figure hugged the young woman, combing through the girl’s ash-blonde hair, as they climbed into their carriage.

She wanted to turn back to her sketch, but Ester couldn’t and watched them sitting behind the window of their carriage, laughing, enjoying each other’s time. The picture sank her heart as she remembered Mama’s soft laugh, her knitting on the couch. When had their laughter stopped? When was the last time Mama had done her hair?

Unable to help herself, Ester eased her charcoal from the dress she’d started, to glance at the back of the ebony barouche pulling away from the coaching inn’s courtyard. A sob collected in her throat. Ester wanted her mother. She couldn’t wait for this elopement to be done to see Mama again.

Bex climbed back onboard, and she caught his half-closed eyes. “Not much farther, my future wife.”

The yawn in his voice could not be denied.

Her heart sank, hitting the bottom of her soul. She grasped his hand. “Bex, you are putting yourself at risk. An hour will change nothing. It’ll barely get us to the blacksmith at Gretna or back to London any sooner. Let’s stay at Carlisle, pull into a grove, and you can sleep for an hour. We’ll still have plenty of light left to make Scotland.”

He shook his shoulders as he took up the reins. “Carlisle is ten miles from Gretna Green. Ten miles. We are thirty minutes away. I’ll sleep well in a room with my wife. Not in a stable or by the side of the road, but a proper room with my proper wife.”

There was no reasoning with him. Though his determination to marry her touched the deepest parts of her, his bloodshot cobalt eyes ruined her peace, made her pulse race with fear. How could she stop someone so set on killing himself?

If she didn’t voice her objections, did that make her a couch wife—or perhaps a phaeton wife, but without the knitting needles?

“I’m fine, Ester. Put away that frown. We’re so close. We’re pushing through. Now don’t wear yourself to ribbons fretting. Why not finish the sketch you’ve been working upon. What is it, a dress?”

He swayed and peered over her. “My, with a trimmed low-cut bodice. What color should it be? Scarlet? I think you’ll look so pretty in it.”

Her pulse raced a little more as she absorbed his smile. Yes, she was a phaeton woman with charcoal instead of yarn. Resigned, she picked up her charcoal and positioned it within her fingers. The ride jarred too much for her to work on the delicate lace of the dress, but the contours of the hem could be refined. “I couldn’t wear something like this, not without adding lace up to the neck and maybe some sleeves—and in pink, not red. It would look too revealing on someone…of my height.”

“It will show off that beautiful neck of yours and the delightful figure you try to hide. Maybe you should wear it for me, and me alone.”

Was he trying to make her spark like a flame with such notions? “Please keep your eyes on the road, Bex, but thank you. This dress is for my friend Frederica Burghley. I make designs for her and Mrs. Fitzwilliam-Cecil.”

“Pity. That scooped neckline would be quite fetching.”

“No…I’m a bit…” She found her hands floating closer to her bosom before she forced them down.

Passing a yawn, he waggled a brow. “Buxom? Beautifully buxom.”

She swallowed, but the unease lodged in her throat. “Yes.”

“Ester. You seem embarrassed, but you’re beautiful.”

Cheeks burning, she covered up with her shawl, rolling the silk tight about her neck. “I have a pretty face, but I think I’m…”

“Well-endowed? A woman of substance? Possessing a round figure? You don’t need to be embarrassed. I think the cut of the gown would accent your curves.”

“You noticed.”

“Oh, I noticed. I’m sleepy, not blind.”

If I hit him with the sketch pad, will he wreck the phaeton?

“A man in the company of a woman sees many things—her modesty, her manners, her loveliness. I’ll be very proud to have you on my arm and in them.”

His voice sounded so strong and overpowering, but Bex’s fine posture had become slumped, curving into a C-shape. More than once, before they’d stopped, she’d seen him blinking his eyes and shaking like he’d been caught napping.

If only they’d pull over again. He could nap, she’d draw and not have to fret about him. “I won’t think less of you if we stopped for a rest.”

Bex yawned loud and long. “Don’t ask. I’m fine. Just a little tired, but we are almost there. So close.”

His hand jerked as the ride became uneven. The high slope of this section of the path seemed hard for the horses and for stubborn Bex.

She tugged on his coat sleeve. “I think you should stop on the side of the road. You’re very unsteady and the horses, they don’t look so good, either.”

“We’re not at our best. Don’t fret, my dearest Ester. I’ll rest soon, with my wife at my side.”

The phaeton swayed again as Bex looked over at her. He latched a finger on to hers. “We’ve a few more miles of travel. Once we are married, I’ll sleep for days before we head back to London. I’ll make it up to you. Will you trust me to make amends later?”

“Bex, you give good speeches about freedom, but I’m not free if you won’t listen. My voice and concerns should matter to you.”

Maybe it was her bluntness, but he swerved a little and the horses left the road. Their hooves kicked up choking dust.

“Sorry.” He blinked a little then straightened his posture. “How do you and your friends make do? Every time I see Mrs. Fitzwilliam-Cecil, she is smiling.”

“She’s in love with her husband. They don’t always agree, but they listen to each other.”

“I mean, how do they make do? How do they navigate society?”

“My friend is very smart. She knows the best days to shop, when merchants will be more amenable to us. She makes arrangements or utilizes her footman or butler to accomplish tasks. We all make do.”

“It’s not right. Should never have to be this way. Men are equal. We bleed and die the same.” His voice rose, roaring like thunder. “We both drown if we’re bound in chains.” His palm flew to his face like it perspired.

“Bex, what is wrong? Are you feeling more ill?”

“Do you think of marrying me as a loss?” He sounded more in control, his tone had lowered. “Are you losing things by being with me? Tell me, Ester.”

The way his lips moved as he said her name felt like a kiss. As sweet as a marriage to Bex would be, Ester would lose some of her freedoms. She couldn’t say that and bruise his ego, but she’d never lie, so she nodded. “A woman exchanges her father’s house for her husband’s. Seems, at best, a draw, unless she marries poorly. With my parents surely fuming, no dowry will be paid. Yes, marriage is a loss.”

“I never thought of it like that. The female perspective seems depressing. Ester, you keep telling me to slow down, to wait. It seems that the closer we get to Gretna, the more out of favor the idea of us marrying is to you.” He scooped up her palm and held on to it and the reins. “Do you still want to wed?”

“Bex, I’m scared. This feels wrong. I left my parents to fret because I was angry. I disappeared without a word. It must be awful for them. They don’t know if I am alive. I’ve caused my mother so much pain by running away. Then I look at you, and I feel the pressure of your hand on mine, and everything is good again. I think there’s a chance we could be happy. Maybe all these mixed-up feelings happen when you elope.”

His lips became pensive, thinning to a line. “Ester, what if something was in my past. Something that could prevent us having a future, or a good future. Would you want to know?”

“What are you saying, Bex? “

His lips pressed to a line, and then he opened his mouth. “Ester—”

The phaeton veered sharply to the left.

Knock, bump.

Everything was out of control. Ester held to the seat, which jerked and threw her as if it would vault her into a tree.

“The horse. It looks lame. Hold on.” Bex reached forward and started undoing some of the harness strapping.

The screech of branches hitting the sides smothered the noise of the hooves.

Pine and oak limbs swatted at them, and she ducked. The scent of kicked-up mud and fresh-cut pine branches filled the air.

Bex tugged on the reins, but the world kept moving. The gig hit a bump, and soon everything went high into the air.

“Got it. Go horses.”

With one hand, Bex pushed at her back. “Jump, Ester.”

The horses released but the gig kept going. The bumps rattled everything. Her sketchbook flew up and went over the side.

“Please, Ester, jump.”

She looked at his face, heard the pleading in his voice, and did what he said. She leaped away from the phaeton. Rolling in dirt, kicking up moss, she finally stopped spinning.

But Bex.

His carriage flipped up in the air then flopped over. It rolled and rolled then righted itself with its roof smashed in.

“Bex!” She ran to wreckage. “Please be well. Please be well.”

She climbed up next to him, pushed leaves and branches from his still form. He was wedged into the floor beside the seating. His body wasn’t crushed like the phaeton’s roof, but he wasn’t moving. Waving a finger under his nose, she felt a breath, a slow, hot one. He was unconscious, but alive.

There was a lump and bruising on his forehead, but she saw no bleeding, no open wounds. He needed a physician.

Blood pumping, ringing in her ears, Ester smoothed his dark brown hair. “I had doubts, but I’m sure you holding my hand will give me the courage to say those vows. You hear me. You have to live. You have to be all right.”

The road was a good forty paces away. The lame horse was kneeling. She couldn’t do anything with that one, but the other was munching grass. It could still pull, if she could hitch it to the phaeton. “You can depend on me, Bex. I’m depending on you to recover and make me an honest woman.”

She kissed his forehead then climbed down.

Her sketchbook lay halfway between the gig and the horse. She scooped it up, thankful that Bex had made her jump. If she hadn’t, she might be too injured to help. He saved her, and now she’d do the same for him.

Shaking, she approached the standing horse.

It neighed at her and stretched its mouth wide. Ester hoped that the noise and the teeth were its way to show consent.

“Horse, if you’re spooked, then we have that in common.” She grabbed the rein ring. “Come on boy…or girl…or horse.” Trembling, she brushed at its gray mane. “We have to get Bex to safety. It’s just you and me. We have to do it.”

Leading the horse back to the cart, she felt better that it followed, but her heart ached, and her head, too. A hundred questions invaded at once. Could a single horse pull the smashed phaeton back up the hill? If they made it to the road, would they find help at the coaching inn?

Only one way to find out. Ester had to get Bex to the inn and then beg.

One sniffled breath filled her lungs with the sweaty-lather scent of horse. Gagging, she tossed her sketchbook onto the seat and she tugged the beast in place and threaded the rein hooks as best as she recalled, from observing Theodosia with her gig.

Ester should’ve paid better attention. So much she’d taken for granted.

With a prayer in her heart, she yanked on the horse’s bridle.

The animal neighed.

She looked at the damaged phaeton. Bex still hadn’t shifted or turned.

“Please, horse. He needs us.”

Her eyes began to water, but the building tears turned to hope when the horse took a step. With a little more coaxing, the horse took another one, then trailed behind her.

Relief swept through her, but there was still much to do. The gig had to be freed from the bushes. “Come on, horse. Bex’s counting on us.”

The wheels screeched, and the noise clawed through her, but the carriage moved.

Forty agonizing steps with the horse neighing every inch of the way rattled a shaken Ester, but the phaeton finally pulled onto the road. A big sigh left her lips, her heart skipping a beat or two. “Bex, we made it this far. You’re going to be saved. Please know I’m here. I haven’t left you.”

He still hadn’t moved or said anything. She missed the sound of his voice, even if it was teasing her. “Bex, you said it was only a mile or two to the last inn before Scotland. I’ll get you help there.”

The wind picked up, and it cooled her brow. Stumbling over a rock, she kept her balance. Her slippers would be so worn, but maybe that would be a good thing. Not looking like Ester Croome, a runaway bride from a wealthy family, but a poor Blackamoor servant would get them more help. That was the role she’d play next.

She took her shawl from her shoulders and wrapped it like a turban about her head. “Ester Croome, the exotic servant to the great actor.” The innkeeper would like this role. It was far more plausible than a bashful Blackamoor bride to the great actor Arthur Bex.

“Horse, when we get to the inn, I don’t like falsehoods, but I’ll have to play the part of Mr. Bex’s maid. Then they’ll help him.” She looked back at her fiancé. Her throat clogged. He still hadn’t moved.

“Bex, know you are worth this price. Don’t be mad at my choices when you awaken.”

After walking for an eternity, her tired bones rattled into life when she saw a big limestone building with a few carriages outside. It might not be the inn he talked of, but it would definitely be the place she’d go to ask for assistance.

Ester stiffened her spine and drew back her shoulders. She would suffer whatever indignities necessary to save Bex. He was worthy. He had to live long enough to know it.





Chapter Thirteen

An Inn and a Miss

Arthur opened one eye, then the other. Whitewashed walls greeted him, not endless stretches of dirt and gravel roads like the strange dream that repeated in his ringing skull. The haunting notion of losing something, something special and beautiful, churned inside.

The world seemed fuzzy, and he was lost. He fought to put an arm under his head, but it was wrapped in place. Was he chained, like the shadows that lurked in his head, the memories he’d never forget?

Pained from flexing his arm, he found it bandaged, not shackled in irons. Perspiration crossed his brow, but the screams of the lost—those stayed in his soul. Fighting to be free, he sat up with a grunt.

“Sir. You’re awake.” A boy of six or seven, the same age as Arthur when he had first boarded his uncle’s ship, the Zhonda, sat at the end of the bed.

The little fellow jumped, causing his rumpled blond locks to flutter. “Let me go tell.”

Tell? Arthur’s pulse raced. “Who are you? And tell who?”

“I’m Timothy,” the lad said. “My papa, the innkeeper, and my grandpapa Smythe. He doctored you. Your maid told me to tell her when you awaken, too. She promised me a farthing to let her know.”

Maid?

That’s when Bex knew he was still dreaming. His cut of the benefit nights at the theater were huge financial boons sometimes, but he was too frugal to hire a servant. He closed his eyes again. “Yes, tell the world, Bexeley is dreaming.”

The boy came near and waved his tiny fingers over Arthur’s face. “You seem to be awake to me, sir. Maybe you have the ’nesia. The maid said Bex, Arthur Bex.”

Arthur touched the bump on his head. It was inflamed and tender at his crown. “’Nesia, you say? Amnesia?”

“Yes. The ’Nesia,” the boy said. The little fellow’s leaping up and down was too loud for a dream. “Think on it, sir. Who are ya?”

Arthur swiped at his mouth. “This is no dream.”

“No, it isn’t, sir.”

But he wished it was a dream, for Arthur had said aloud his birth name. Oliver Arthur Bexeley was the name given to him by loving parents who had died of consumption when he was six. He smoothed his hand over his bandaged arm. “It’s coming back to me now, lad. Yes. That name I said, that was a role I’d performed years ago when I was about your age. My name is Bex, Arthur Bex.”

The boy grinned up big. “Good, sir. The girl said you were a famous actor. Don’t want you sick no more, or with the ’Nesia. My mama read a novel where the hero had that. She says he shoulda went to Bedlam.”

“No, I don’t want to go there, right, Es—”

Ester? Was she well? Did she get hurt in the crash? He thrashed until he sat up. “Where is she? Did she get injured?”

The boy waved his hands. “Sir, calm down. You’re going to hurt yourself or get more of that ’nesia.”

How could he? Ester could be hurt because he had pushed too hard. With his good hand, he grabbed the boy’s shirt collar. “Tell me if Miss Croome is well? Where is she?” Head pounding, he settled back down and released the boy. “She can’t be hurt because of me.”

“Sir, calm down. Your maid is in the servant’s quarters. She didn’t seem no hurt.”

It took a moment to understand what the boy said, for the blood rushed hard in Arthur’s ears. He fell back, pained in his chest. Ester was not hurt, but they thought Ester, his Ester, was a servant. “See if she’ll come to me. I must see her now.”

“Papa has her doing duties. He says she’s not very good at much, but she tries hard. I’m sure when she’s done, she can come, but I’ll tell her, her and Papa. Want that farthing.”

The boy walked to the door and stopped. “She was nice to me. Read me some more of Mama’s novel. She’s not stupid like what Mama says about them. She’s not dark as pitch, either.” With a shrug, the forthright scamp was out the door.

Arthur should feel better that one young mind had started to be changed about the races, one who had a lifetime to influence others. But Ester was no maid. She didn’t need to pretend to be one.

Oh, woman. She had donned another role, just to save Arthur’s sorry hide. She should’ve let him rot before debasing herself. Arthur had to right this now. He sat up all the way this time, but the throbbing to his head made him sink back upon the mattress. Nausea swept over him, and he hoped whatever was in his gut remained there.

The door opened, and an old man entered the room, but behind his hunched shoulder was Ester.

Arthur’s pulsed raced at the sight of her. She was not injured, no bandages or slings on her person, but she’d made a turban out of her shawl to cover her head. Did it hide a bandage or some other injury? Maybe she knew it would kill him to know he’d caused her to be hurt.

“Mr. Bex.” Her eyes looked glossy and bright as he sought her gaze.

The tap of the old man’s cane became louder as he crossed the floor. “Young fellow, my son who runs this place is busy. My grandboy, Timothy, said ye were awake.”

“I am, but is Miss Croome well?”

“Fine, Mr. Bex,” she said, “Brought you tea.”

“That was quite an accident, young fella. Took the men in the stables quite a while to fix, a day and a half.”

Arthur swallowed hard, but he couldn’t take his eyes off of Ester as she made a slight turn to the window.

“It will be dark in a few hours, sir.”

His stomach sickened. “We’ve been here a day and a half?”

“Yes, sir. Almost two days you’ve—ye been unconscious.” She said. “I paid the grooms with your purse. Been managing your expenses as usual, sir. Mr. Smythe here has been helpful finding me things to do.”

“Yes, your maid has been doing good, not lying about,” the old man said.

Ester smiled. “To serve, that’s me purpose.”

The accent she’d tried to master was off, but perhaps passible for the untrained thespian. His heart sank. She felt she had to do this for him.

Feather turbans of silk were fashionable headdresses. He’d seen more than a few at the countess’s parties, but none were like Ester’s shawl surrounding her face, as if it were a sin to see her thick locks free or swirled in a braided chignon. To complete her guise, she wore a voluminous cotton apron that swallowed whole her delectable form. Maybe that part was best. With one arm not working right, he wasn’t in the best position to defend her.

He glanced at her, straight posture illuminating the outline of a worthy bosom, the flare of hips that could not be denied. Yet, if anyone touched her, he’d die for her.

Ester came near the bed and set the tray in her hands down on the table. “Hot tea with lemon is what he likes. Very particular, very eccentric about his requests.”

This time the masking of her smooth tones sounded better, a cockney variant. The lass wasn’t a bad actress, but she shouldn’t have to do this. “I’m glad, Miss Croome, that you were not injured. I should’ve slowed as you requested. I am very, very sorry.”

Ester poured a cup of the steaming liquid. “They had no honey. I know that is how you like it, Mr. Bex.”

The old man clicked his teeth. “You shoulda listened to this one. Her people know about slow.” The man cackled as if he’d said a joke but there was nothing funny about his prejudice.

Smythe pushed on Arthur’s bad arm by his shoulder. “Just making fun. The maid told us she weren’t a slave, or nothing but in your employ. That you’re one of those abolitionists.”

Everything hurt when the man stretched Arthur’s wrapped arm. “Ouch.” He tried to hold in the grunt, but the pain was too great.

The old man tapped his shoulder again, sending a shock down to the bone. “Shouldn’t be in such a rush. Life doesn’t need this jumpin’ about from here and there.” He pattered back to the foot of the bed. “This time it’s a dislocated shoulder and bang to the skull. The next time it could be worse. And I heard how dangerous those rallies for abolition or the right to vote can be.”

“It’s not that dangerous.” Arthur cleared his throat. “Not that dangerous at all.”

“Remember Peterloo last year. Lots of good people died. You need to be very careful, young man.”

Ester’s eye grew wide. “Yes, rallies are dangerous, aren’t they?”

He had only known Ester for a few days, but that creased brow, the softening of her voice, that was fret and fear, two things he didn’t want her to feel. Rubbing at the scruff of his chin, he tried to capture her gaze. “I wasn’t thinking. I won’t do anything so rash again. We were in a hurry and that exceeded my caution.”

“Where are you heading?” The old man looked at him then toward her and back. “Your maid wouldn’t say.”

“Yes, sir. I said you were debating where to go next.”

Arthur had a feeling she wasn’t acting anymore. Her doubts about going to Gretna had probably tripled with his recklessness, but he wouldn’t expose her to these strangers. She needed to know he supported her as much as he wanted her to support him. He raised his wrapped arm, and it hurt a little less. “I’m having problems recalling. The boy said it might be the ’nesia. The ports of Liverpool are not out of reach.”

The old man eyed him very curiously. “We’re from Liverpool. A little out of your way from here. You could’ve chosen a more direct route than crossing the River Sark.” He grunted and tapped his chin. “You from those parts? You do look a little familiar now.”

Arthur’s heart started to pound. He forgot how well known his uncle had been in Liverpool, and how many people used to say Arthur was the very image of his uncle.

Scratching his bald head and wiggling his thin glasses, Smyth asked, “So, you going to visit relatives back there?”

The man surely wanted answers, perhaps a name or connection he’d know, but Arthur wasn’t giving away anything. He only wanted to be alone with Ester and exchange their thoughts in privacy. “May I have some tea? My throat is dry.”

Smiling with her perfect pouty lips, surely masking her concern, Ester lifted the cup to his mouth. The sweet smell of the calming chamomile tea, the soft lilac smell of her skin, tickled his nose. He could drink them both up.

After a good gulp, he lay back. “Two days will cost me. The delay will hurt my return to London or Liverpool. Miss Croome, could you take dictation in your book?”

The old man clicked his tongue again. “In a hurry again? Perhaps your maid can convince you to stay at least another night resting. You might be able to get some sense in him. That shoulder’s not broken, but it was a bad hit to the head.”

“Yes, sir. I’ll try.” She took her sketchbook from the tray. “That correspondence, Mr. Bex. I should write as you dictate.”

“She writes, too? Well, you said Mr. Bex was eccentric in his choices of help. London actors.” The man shook his head as he went to the door. “I’ll leave you two to write. I’ll tell my son that you’re now awake. Maybe send for the boy when your maid is done. We should watch you and make sure that ’nesia doesn’t get worse.”

After a few more taps of his cane, the door shut. Arthur let out a sigh of relief.

Ester clapped her hands before folding her arms about her sketchbook. “Is this what it feels like to take on a role at the theater?”

“You’ve done quite well with acting since we’ve begun this trip. The temptress in the woods and now a nursemaid.” He sat up with a grunt and took the sketch pad with his good hand and set it down, clearing the one physical block to holding her. “You could’ve just said the truth. You are the one who advocates truth and fidelity.”

Her pacing began again. “Between us, between husband and wife. Acting is merely acting, becoming a persona on the stage. My stage just happens to be small, and it opens when I’m panicked.” She put a hand to her hip. “What sounds more plausible, Bex? A famous actor is eloping with a Blackamoor bride, a famous actor was attacked by a treacherous Blackamoor, or a famous eccentric actor is traveling the countryside with his exotic maid?”

“None of them sound ordinary. You’re not ordinary. Far from it, Ester.”

She sat on the edge of the mattress then sprang back up. “You’ve been unconscious for almost two days because of this accident. I was so scared. I couldn’t take the chance that they wouldn’t help you because you chose to consort with me, and I’m not going to rot in some jail because you weren’t able to defend me. I chose the easy path, and I acted a part I know others would accept. We are so far from London, I didn’t trust that things would be different. I wasn’t taking a chance—with your life or my own.”

He reached for her, but she was six or more inches beyond his fingertips. “I’m sorry. I know you’re trying to help, but this is wrong. You’re a lovely young woman who saved her fiancé’s life—again.”

Sweeping to the window, she batted the muslin curtains between her palms. She started to weep. “Bex, I was lucky that the phaeton had landed back on its wheels. I was able to get the one good horse to pull it and lead you up to this inn. I would have said anything to make sure you got well.”

When she came near, he grabbed her arm. Sitting further up, he gritted through the pain and drew her near. “I put you through something awful.” He pulled her against his nightshirt, held her sobbing form against him. “You are resourceful, but I never should’ve caused so much distress. Now, help me get dressed. We need to get out of here and go get married. Two days is enough time to be caught.”

“Maybe we should be caught. Maybe we should end this. I was scared out of my wits. I almost lost you, Bex—all because I had to elope right away. We didn’t plan this. We didn’t think through each step. This is my fault.”

“No, woman. The fault is mine alone. I wanted to prove myself to you, and instead, I caused you more grief.”

She pushed to be released, but he wouldn’t let her go, not yet.

“I must be bad luck, Bex. Since we’ve met you’ve been in a fight, a robbery, and now, an accident. What is next? Attacked at a rally? Will I have to stand by and see you wounded at another Peterloo?”

“Shhh. Don’t speak of such.” He cradled her until she stilled.

Her face found that spot between his shoulder and neck. Her heavy breaths sent tingles into his skin. “This is just a rough start, Ester. It can only get better, and maybe we’ll be able to change minds. Then folks like these people will know it is more plausible for you to be my love than my servant. I won’t push tonight, but in the morning, we’ll walk to Gretna Green. We’ll take our vows before the blacksmith.”

“You still want to marry me? You are crazy, Bex.”

Maybe he was. He lifted her chin and captured her beautiful topaz eyes. “Hopefully, you are, too, and you will agree. Ester Croome, let’s marry, if you’ll still have me.”

Her fingers rose to his cheek, and she stroked the scruff that had to be three days of growth. “I’ll ask the boy to come help you shave. Must be clean shaven when we leave here tomorrow.”

“Yes, for our wedding, Ester?”

She stood, but words of agreement did not leave her mouth, though she did use those lips to kiss his forehead. “I’ll send the boy.”

“Ester.”

She picked up her sketchbook. “Hearing you say my name too many times might make me rash.”

“Ester, you are too levelheaded to be rash. Ester, dearest Ester.”

She waggled a finger at him as she moved to the door. “If we leave here tomorrow, Mr. Bex, you can still make it to your play on time.”

He’d forgotten about that. Yes, there was still time, if they rushed, but that was the last thing he wanted. “I’m not rushing anywhere with you. The play will wait. If I lose this role another will come. Why don’t you come back and sit next to me?”

“No. If I stay too long, they’ll think I am a different type of servant.”

He tried again to get up, for he knew in his gut she’d decided against him. “Ester, where are you off to?”

She put her hand to her stomach as she looked at him. “The servant’s quarters. It’s clean there. I can sketch and nap in a bedroll, and it has to be my turn in the bathtub. I want a bath so badly.”

“Don’t stay away too long. Come back so we can walk to the Gretna’s blacksmith tonight.”

Those eyes of hers went big again. “Oh, your coat and shirt are on the chair. I washed them clean of stains, No blood this time. This time.”

Before he could reply, she had ducked through the door.

The girl was scared, perhaps too doubtful of him to marry. Ester was wonderful, supportive, resilient—exactly the kind of woman he wanted. How could he convince her to go through with the marriage?

Knowing his past, knowing he’d still have to take risks to fight for abolition, maybe she was right to be skeptical.

He lay back down and covered his eyes. She’d lost faith in him. After all this trouble, he’d allow her to beg off. That was the sensible thing to do.

But Arthur had not been sensible since he’d agreed to elope with Miss Ester Croome at the White Horse Cellar Inn. Nothing he felt right now was sensible.

Everything inside said to fight for their union, but he’d do what was best for her. The notion of putting her on a coach back to London ripped his heart in two.

…

Ester waited for the footman to give her the fresh water for the kitchen. She took an easier breath now that she was out of Bex’s room. Joy had filled her soul that he’d awakened and was in his right mind and didn’t have the amnesia the boy said.

But danger was still awaiting them. Her father could catch them now, five days gone, if he hadn’t given up looking. And if she and Bex wed, a Peterloo attack spurred by his rallies was a true and present danger. Eloping was the stupidest thing she’d ever done. This harrowing trip had been foolhardy. Tears threatened as the servant gave her the bucket. Ester didn’t know whether to curtsy or run. She offered a mumbled, “Thank you,” and took the water.

She shook herself as she headed for the stairs. No more fretting, no more pacing between chores, no more wondering how she’d care for an ailing Bex. He was awake, and she was about to have a bath.

The water steamed. The heavy bucket sloshed each step, so she slowed and took it tread by tread. None of the precious water for her bath could spill; she’d not get more, and this was the first moment the innkeeper had allowed her access to the bathing chamber.

Finally, at the door to the room housing the copper tub she set her bucket down and wiped her eyes. Her hands were rough on her face. Bex had clasped her palm. Could he not tell her fingers were raw? Of course he couldn’t. He hadn’t seen the list of tasks the innkeeper had given her, the awful things she’d scrubbed, just to stay in a horrid cold room on the floor.

No dawdling, Ester. She chided herself. She needed to bathe before someone of perceived higher rank arrived and took her turn.

A warm bath, soaking in heavenly water with the lilac soap in her pocket would make the world good again. Then she’d remember the greatest actor in London was alive and still wanted to marry her.

She popped open the door with her elbow and powered inside. Ester set the bucket down and locked the door behind her. Then she tore off her apron and started to undo the front of her gown in anticipation.

Then she turned, intending to stare at the copper tub as if it were an old lost friend.

But it wasn’t.

It was strange and awful, and it felt like a horse had kicked her in her middle.

Strands of red hair curled over the hammered wall of the tub.

She grasped her stomach. That could be wiped away.

Of course, the tub wasn’t ready for her as Mrs. Fitterwall would have had it at Nineteen Fournier. She came closer, ready to use her apron to give the tub a cleaning, and stopped.

Scum floated at the surface.

Heavy stains ringed the walls.

And more strands of other colored hair bobbed in the murky water.

Nausea flooded her throat as Ester’s heart crumbled, shattering to bits.

The tears started.

From her eyes, past her nose—plop, plop into the tub.

Every salty drop she’d hidden in her bosom was wrung out of her soul. How could she dip in the dirt of every person who’d bathed today, every person of higher class than a Blackamoor maid?

She couldn’t.

The hot water she’d lugged from downstairs would have to be used to clean the tub, not for a bath.

Ester sobbed harder.

She cried for Bex and the injuries this elopement had caused him.

She cried for Mama and Papa, who must think her dead or debased, five days gone.

She cried for herself, her stinging pink fingers, and for not valuing what she had. Why was it so easy to discount her family’s love, their care, as pride?

At Nineteen Fournier she was second. The tub and room had always been pristine when she stepped inside, and she could always ask Mrs. Fitterwall for fresh hot water.

And the housekeeper never seemed to mind, for at Nineteen Fournier, Ester was worthy.

Ester was worthy, a daughter sheltered by love.

She’d forgotten how special her life had been and how valuable the freedom she’d possessed truly was. Could her parents ever forgive her?

She needed to be back home, not here. The prodigal daughter needed to beg for entry at Nineteen Fournier. If only they would take her in, shamed and all.

And if Mama could forgive her, forgive every traitorous thought Ester had ever held inside, then maybe Ester could forgive herself.

A knock on the door made her startle. “Yes.”

“Papa said there’s a guest who needs to use the tub. He says it needs to be cleaned.”

Done with everything—the pretenses, her own stubbornness—Ester dried her eyes and stood up. She was Josiah Croome’s daughter. She had been birthed from a line of strong women, as her mother had claimed.

And it was time to go home.

She took her shawl down, exposed her curls, pinned up her dress, then opened the door.

Timothy was there with his ruddy eager face.

“Young man.” She reached in the pocket of her gown. “Here is a farthing to clean the tub. Then tell your papa Bex’s maid has quit and is going home.”

The boy’s gaze rose to hers then lowered to her shiny coin. “Yes, Bex’s maid. No problem.”

“Thank you.” She moved to the door. “When you are done, have your father rent me a coach back to London. I have enough money to be its only passenger.”

“Yes, ma’am.” The boy jumped inside, picked up a rag, and started cleaning the swill.

As fast as she could, Ester ran to the attic room and collected her bag. She didn’t speak to the other women up there. She couldn’t. They didn’t have parents to run home to and be saved from this life. Knowing this was right, she yanked out her carriage dress, the one she’d cleaned and pressed after taking care of Bex’s coat. This dress would suit travel better than the thin one she’d worn to be a maid. That one, and all these memories, would need to be burned.

Once changed, she pushed her sketchbook and her simple gown into her bag and clasped the handle. Lifting her chin, she left the servant quarters and headed to Bex. She’d release him from their engagement and say her goodbyes. It was only right.

Her steps slowed, and Ester let her mind dream once more of loving Bex and him loving her. Then she let that notion drown in that tub of murky water. Heart aching, she kept her slippers moving all the way to his door. She cared for Bex the man deeply, but this life of being last wasn’t for her. She knew that now. She deserved more, and she wanted more.

Before her strength abandoned her, she knocked on his door. Another quick pound led to a husky, “Enter.”

Bex sat on the edge of the bed. He’d exchanged his night shirt for breeches and his shirt with a collar. The one bad arm was tucked inside, but not in the sleeve. The bulk of the bandage could be seen through the white material. “Ester, I am glad you have come back. I was coming to look for you.”

She put down her bag, but picked it back up, holding it like a shield against her heart. “I have something to say to you.” Her words were rushed, but she had to tell him this elopement was over before his voice or the way he smiled at her made her go silent.

“Me, too,” he said, “but you first.”

She thought about sitting across from him in the chair the boy had used to keep watch over him as they directed her away, but that would only remind her of the fear she had of Bex dying, of how much him living meant to her. Sucking in a breath, concentrating her strength, she put the bag down again. “I’m taking the next coach back to London. I’ll tell my parents that I started to elope and changed my mind.”

“I see.”

Folding her arms across her bosom, she felt her pulse beat faster as his frown ripped into her chest. “I think our worlds are too far apart, Bex. You don’t want me to pretend I’m a servant to be accepted where we go. And I can’t have you pushing yourself to exhaustion to prove a point. This won’t work.”

He crossed the room and stood near her. The mustard ointment on his forehead around the big purple bruise in his chestnut hair overpowered the laundered smell of his shirt, the shirt she’d washed with her two hands. “You are worth the extra mile, Ester. But it’s not just you rethinking this. There are things about my past, about being a loner, that disqualify me from being a good husband to you.”

Taking her hand in his, he held it against his chest. “My haste has left you unprotected. That’s wrong, Ester. For all you’ve done for me, I have to be a person you can count upon to do the right thing. Letting you go is the right thing.”

He spewed nonsense, probably just words to make her feel better. That was sweet, for he had to know this hurt, cut like glass, slicing up her silly dream of a happily-ever-after with him.

“Arthur Bex is a famous actor, probably the best in the theater. I spent what feels like a lifetime loving your stage presence. With this trip, as harrowing as it has been, I’ve come to know you. This feels like another lifetime. You are a wonderful man, but we aren’t good together. I guess we are saying the same thing.” She reached up, tugged his collar forward to kiss his cheek. “It was a fun adventure, Bex. I’ll remember it always.”

“Are you going back to the arranged marriage, the one set up by your parents? Is there more safety in marrying a philanderer of your own race than in marrying me?”

She didn’t want Jordan. Hopefully, he didn’t want her now. She looked to the floorboards, to his onyx boots flecked with sandy white dust. “That’s not a fair question.”

“Life isn’t fair, Ester. It’s hard, filled with difficult choices.” He pulled her close. “Why does it feel as if we are stepping away from something that could be wonderful if both of us weren’t so stubborn?”

“Because we are, but it is for the best.” She loved the strength of his hold on her waist even with only one arm.

“Goodbye, Bex.” A final stretch to kiss his jaw led to him leaning down. He intercepted her and took her mouth.

The kiss was slow and patient, lingering, teaching.

When she thought it done, his embrace tightened. His one arm sculpted her to his chest, angling her until it felt natural to cling to him.

Her toes tingled in her worn slippers as the kiss deepened, and it felt like one of his speeches, wrapping her heart in warmth like she’d never known, not even in a steaming bath in a sparkling clean copper tub.

Her hands collapsed about his neck as he backed her to the wall. “Yes, Ester,” he said between breaths, before tasting and taking her lips again and again. “This will never work.”

His hand ripped away the heavy scarf that separated them. His fingertips traced the scallop lace of her collar. He spun the big pearl of her necklace and dragged a thumb along her throat, tweaking the ticklish parts, racing her pulse faster than his speeding phaeton.

“Two handed you’d be mighty dangerous, Bex.”

“Shh. I’m trying to remember why we won’t work. Maybe another kiss will tell me.”

With his one hand, he sandwiched her between the wall and his solid chest, tasting her lips, as if they were covered in honey. “How do we let this go? I think we reconsider. We must, Ester.”

Her name sounded like a prayer.

But there was no folding of her hands, no room between them to allow it. And she was too busy holding on to a dream, kissing him with eyes shut tight to savor the last, luscious moment.

“Tell, me Ester, darling Ester, that you’ll reconsider.”

He didn’t let her respond. His mouth was upon hers, speaking of things she didn’t understand, things that tasted like sugar, and chamomile, and heaven.

She was crazed against the wall, feeling each deep breath he took with the rising of his chest. Her fingers danced in his dark brown hair, trying to cling to a dream that was bigger than her, bigger than everything but her fears.

“Oh, Ester. I can be everything that you want.”

And Bex could be. He could be Romeo, Antony, a hundred others if she said yes.

“How can we both think to end this elopement with passion such as this? Ester, we can be so good together. Marry me.”

Did she love him enough to fight for this union? She didn’t know, not anymore. But no kiss, nothing but a full-throated direct address saying he loved her would salve her raw fingers.

But none would come. He didn’t love her. And she’d finally remembered she was worth everything her parents had sacrificed for.

“No. No, Bex.”

He stopped, stared, then stilled his wandering fingers.

Reason and a slowing pulse had to prevail. “Bex, passion passes the time until the next problem. It doesn’t fix anything. I have to say goodbye. That’s the reasonable thing to do.”

He nodded and eased her to the ground. “I don’t want to be reasonable. Nothing about us is reasonable. I suppose I’ll tell Jonesy that I lost my greatest role, the husband of a remarkable woman.”

“Careful who you tell, Bex. I don’t want to be in the gossip section of The Morning Post, Bex’s Blackamoor Lover.”

He took her hand. “I hate the papers. I’ll never let them hurt you.” He put his jacket half on, draping his injured shoulder. “Let me escort you downstairs and make sure you get on a coach back to London. Maybe in a week or two, we could start again. This time with your parents’ approval.”

She couldn’t agree, only stare down at the weathered threshold. It hurt too much now, walking away from him. Seeing him again, even on stage, would keep this ache always in her heart.

Picking up her bag, Bex opened the door but then marched backward. A gun barrel was in his face, and an angry Josiah Croome, her father, held the trigger.





Chapter Fourteen

Vows of Duress

Staring at the gun barrel and the shaking onyx hand pointing it to his chest, Arthur stepped backward into his room and drew Ester behind him. “I think you have the wrong room. Don’t hurt her.”

The large, angry man pushed deeper into the room, kicking the door closed. “You stole my daughter, and you’re worried about me hurting her? Do you know what side of the gun you’re on and where my sight is pointed?”

“Papa, please. Put the gun away.”

“Mr. Croome?” Arthur had dealt with a few jealous husbands of women who’d claimed to have fallen in love with his stage performance, but never did he think the men’s anger would lead to his death, not until now. “Your daughter is unharmed.”

The man put the gun barrel atop Arthur’s nose. “Take your filthy hands from my Ester.”

He dropped her bag but stayed in front of her. “Mr. Croome, your daughter is safe. Please lower your weapon.”

“Safe! You take my daughter to a remote coaching inn, share a room with her. Defile her. How is that safe?”

Ester came from behind, leaning against Arthur’s hurt arm. “I stayed in the servants’ quarters. Bex has done nothing to me.”

“What? My daughter was good enough to steal from her home but not good enough to stay in a room?” Mr. Croome cocked the pistol.

“Papa, you’re not listening. The servants’ quarters were my idea. Bex didn’t want me there, either.”

Croome’s jaw trembled, as did his finger on the trigger.

Arthur swallowed hard. “You’re not helping, Ester. The man just needs to know you have not been injured or taken advantage of.”

Mr. Croome gritted his teeth. “Don’t tell my daughter what to do. I’ll do that. You defiled my girl, took her without permission from my house. A man would have had enough respect to come and ask to marry her.”

Ester left Arthur and grabbed hold of her father’s muscled arm. The bulging strength of it was barely hidden beneath the gray-weave greatcoat. She forced him to lower his hand. “Papa, I left on my own. I chose to jump out that window.”

“A window? Not even dignified enough to leave through the front door.” He raised the gun again. “You stole her from my house and defiled her.”

“Sir, nothing has happened. I’ve not dishonored your daughter.”

“Bex, I can speak for myself.” She tugged on her father’s coat again. “Papa, nothing has happened. Put down your weapon.”

“Bex?” The man’s hand dropped to his side. “The actor? Arthur Bex, the actor you always talk about? You were serious about being in love with him?”

Ester had tears in her eyes. “Yes, I talked foolishness, Papa, about Arthur Bex, but nothing happened. Bex has been a gentleman to me.”

“Nothing?” Croome shook his head. “Ester Croome, you disappear from my house during your mother’s party. You have me thinking you’ve been kidnapped or lost to the violence of the streets. There’s a brothel with Blackamoor women that caters to the lords. I don’t want that for you.”

Knowing the things that they’d faced on their travels, he couldn’t fault the man’s fears. Arthur tried to make his bad arm work a little to pull his coat back on, but it was bound too tightly. “Your daughter’s safe. I’d let nothing happen to her. I was escorting her to make arrangements to send her home on a coach. No one will know that this elopement occurred or that it never came off. You have my word.”

Ester came back to Arthur and swiped up his good hand in hers. “He’s telling the truth. I wanted to elope, and we are only a few miles from Gretna Green, but we’ve called it off.

Croome’s finger eased, but he could easily still lift and fire. “I don’t know whose word to believe—you, who ran away, or your Bex, who changes his mind after all the trouble of escaping with you from my house. What happened, Bex? Did you come to your senses and realize she wasn’t wife material for the likes of you?”

Oh, Ester was wife material, more than he’d hoped for. “She changed her mind, Croome. She decided to end things, perhaps with the hope of starting a new courtship—with your consent.”

The man frowned and put his gun into his coat, but Arthur dared not move. He might change his mind again.

“Ester, why would you do this to me and your mother? Why did you believe this actor’s words and risk all to leave with him?”

“Papa, the elopement was my idea. I chose to come with Bex. I wanted to elope because I wanted to choose my husband. I chose Arthur Bex, and you and Mama didn’t.”

Croome patted at his pocket—his gun pocket. “Bex, you let a slip of a girl drive you to this? How long has this romance been going on?”

Arthur had a feeling that Mr. Croome didn’t know about the advertisement in the paper. He’d at least protect her from that. “Long enough for me to ask her to marry me.”

“That’s not an answer, Bex. Ester, how long? Tell me how long you’ve been running around behind my back.”

Ester slipped in front of Bex and now was a wedge between them. “I’ve been infatuated with Bex for at least two years. You know how I’ve talked about him. So longer than a day, but less than the timing of your indiscretion.”

Croome swiped at his brow then clasped a big hand about Ester’s arm. “We’ll discuss this later. Forget about her, Bex, about all of this. Girl, you’ll be lucky if Jordan takes you at all. We’ve already started installing gaslights in the warehouse. Our businesses are already in bed together. Maybe his son will still want you, and you will be back with your own.”

Shaking her head, Ester pulled free and stepped next to Arthur. “I’m not getting in bed with anyone but him.”

Arthur waved his arm in protest. “Figure of speech, sir. Nothing happened. Don’t shoot.”

“Papa, you don’t need me to do deals with Jordan. You have already done them.” Ester looked up at Arthur, and she had that look in her eye, the one where she made up parts to play. She slammed into him and tossed her arms about him. “If I marry, it will be to Arthur Bex. The man I’ve loved for more than two years. Every one of his performances, whether at the Theatre Royal or Covent Gardens, they’ve been coded messages to me. Every word he’s said on stage, it was for me. Like Antony for Cleopatra, he’s made war for me. I have his heart, for he has mine.” She planted a kiss on Arthur’s lips.

Her words—he didn’t have time to examine them for truth. Arthur knew he was a goner now, so he embraced her boldly, a daughter in front of a father with a gun. But if he was to die, why not let it be in the arms of this African queen? He didn’t hold back on this performance. He kissed Ester with everything in him. It was the perfect way to die, with Arthur as Antony in his Cleopatra’s embrace.

…

Her father groaned. She smelled the scent of black powder but didn’t care. Papa would never take the shot with her arms wrapped about Bex. And this kiss was different. It didn’t feel like goodbye, but something amorous and thrilling. It had to be the threat of the gunpowder.

“Stop it, Ester. Unhand him. You’ve made your point.”

Clinging to his neck, she held Bex more tightly, and he wound his good arm about her. “Only if you promise not to kill him. As you see, I’m a very willing participant.”

Bex’s heart raced against her cheek.

He lifted his head. “Sir, nothing happened between us, but I can’t deny the attraction. I want no harm to come to her. I’ll do what you think is right.”

If her father was still determined to give her away, then it would be to Bex and only Bex.

“No, Bex. Don’t step aside.” She took Arthur’s hand in hers as she claimed his gaze. “I’m not ready to marry yet, but if I were, it would only be to you, Arthur Bex. That is my vow to you.”

Bex’s gaze softened. His hand tightened about hers.

The door swung opened and then slammed shut.

She turned, expecting her father to have left, but a new pair of eyes stared at her.

Her mother’s.

The stoic woman stood just inside with her back to the door. A scarlet cape shrouded her, and a thick, dark ebony bonnet covered her straight black locks. “Get your hands off of her. You can’t know her love. It’s not possible for the likes of you.”

Mama had an off look about her. Her fury seemed deeper than Ester had ever seen, as if she were unbalanced. “His hand. Get his hands off her.” She came over and beat on Bex, punching his hurt arm with her reticule. “Get ’em off her.”

Papa came to her side and pulled her back. “Horatio. Stop it. They say nothing happened.”

“He can’t touch her. Can’t put his hands on her. He can’t hurt her.”

Papa tightened his hold, almost yanking Mama off her feet. “Don’t go off, woman. This is Ester and that actor, Arthur Bex. Nothing from Jamaica, girl. No slave master going after his enslaved woman.”

But Mama wouldn’t stop. She kept swinging at the air. “Don’t touch her. You’ve no right. It’s started again. He’s got no right.”

Her father put both arms about her mother, lifting her in the air. “Horatio, come back. This isn’t the past. This man Bex ain’t from where you’re from. Ester says she loves this man and won’t marry Jordan. That’s why she ran away. Come back to yourself. Reason with her and him to keep this quiet, and for her to do her duty.”

Blinking, Mama’s stricken face cleared. “No, Josiah. Charles Jordan won’t have her now. He’ll be mean to her once he learns of the scandal. No, this one, the man from London, is the one she wants. This is the one she’ll have.”

Ester focused upon her mother’s blank face. If one could age a hundred years in a day, her beautiful mother looked as if she had. Her cheeks had sunken in, probably from grief and that heart of hers that Ester had broken again.

Longing to make things good with her mother swelled inside. “Mama? I’m so sorry.” She released Bex like he was fire. “I have given you such concerns.” She tried to smooth her wrinkled dress. “But nothing has happened.”

“Horatio,” Papa said, “Bex said he didn’t defile her. They both say nothing has happened. We can still go on with our plans. We can buy his silence.”

With her hand to her hip, Mama stared at each of them, her head snapping back and forth between them like the clicking minute hand of a grandfather clock. Her forest-green eyes were black ice. “Silence, Josiah. You threatened the duke’s daughter to learn of Ester’s plans. You think one of the duke’s maids didn’t hear? You don’t think Clancy won’t accidentally say the wrong thing? What about one of those fancy servants who saw your angry tirade when we discovered Ester missing? No, this story will be out, and she’ll be ruined like Ruth, but at least she won’t be pregnant and deserted like her sister.”

If eyes could explode—splat on the wall from shock—Ester’s might. Hers stretched so wide they hurt. “No one ever said Ruth eloped and that it didn’t work. She has an arranged marriage, doesn’t she?”

Papa lifted his gun again and aimed toward Bex. “I don’t want my daughter to marry an actor. Actors are the lowest class.”

Seeing Bex endangered again, Ester linked arms with him, and he whimpered for she’d chosen his injured one. “Sorry,” she said to him before turning back to her father. “He’s not any actor. He’s the best. Mama knows. She’s read about him in her papers.”

Mama clasped her father’s arm and made him lower the gun. “The scandal papers.” She shook her head. “She’s chosen him, Josiah.”

Papa stomped his feet. His big arms looked as if they’d break through his great coat. “I’ll not—”

“Yes, you will Josiah. You owe me. I told you that you’d honor one request from me if I forgave you for your sins. This is my one request. Let them elope. Let us take them to Gretna Green and see that it is done. She won’t be jilted and used up like Ruth.”

“Mama, tell me about Ruth.”

Her mother’s hand waved, the jeweled rings flashing as if she’d thrown fire. “Silence, Ester. You have brought shame to the family. I don’t want to hear anything from you.”

“We’ve too many secrets, Mama. Just tell me.”

Her mother looked up at her father. When he nodded, Mama said, “Your sister Ruth had no wedding. The blackguard bedded her and tossed her aside. Your father made up the story of a strict husband that forces her to live in the country to explain her baby.”

“That is why she’s banished, because she’s disgraced?”

“Yes. Because she didn’t value what we have, what your father and I have worked for, just like you.”

Ester turned to Bex. “They said my sister eloped. They lied again.”

Bex wiped at his mouth. “They had their reasons.” Even his voice had lost its confident swagger. Papa’s happy trigger finger would do that.

Pounding her skull, Ester couldn’t take it. “Is anything true?”

“Your sister eloped, too, but the man used her, then dumped her like trash. Papa had to rescue Ruth from a brothel, where her beau had left her. Your sister didn’t trust that we knew best. Ruth learned the hard way that she did not know best, either.”

Ester reeled. Another lie had been spun about the Croomes, and Ester had been shielded from the truth. “Why didn’t you tell—”

“Hush, daughter. I’m waiting for your father to answer. Josiah, this is my request. You promised me.”

Papa raked a hand through his thick jet-black hair. “Can’t I just kill him?”

Bex retook Ester’s hand. His palm felt warm against her freezing fingers. Shock must do that, too. “I’d rather you not shoot. I want to marry your daughter if you will allow me. If Ester—Miss Croome will have me.”

“Josiah, if you hurt that actor, the magistrate you think you’re cozy with will string you up faster than you can blink. Then those same sympathetic people you do business with will try to use the courts to take away your legacy. Or worse, they’ll come for me. A widow with half your money is still a prize.”

“You win,” he said under his breath and put his gun in Mother’s hands. “You always had a way with reasoning.”

“No one could ever call you stupid, Josiah. Go down to the carriage and wait while I speak with the lovebirds.”

Papa looked cornered, with his neck swiveling between Mama and Bex. He didn’t look at Ester.

“Don’t take too long, Horatio.” With his head lowered, Papa thumped from the room.

Ester moved to her and put her arms about her mother’s stiff form. “Mama, I’ve never seen you stand up to him.”

“You’ve never had to. Your father and I know our responsibilities. Your father’s not perfect, but he is a good man.”

“No, he isn’t. Those letters of his affair.”

Her mother frowned and stared in Bex’s direction.

His blank expression gave nothing away, but he was part of this now. He didn’t need to leave.

Stepping away from Ester, Mama pulled off her reddish-brown gloves and stuffed them into her satin reticule. “That is my business, Ester. Mine. Not yours. We worked through that long ago. I don’t know why he kept the letters.”

“You knew? But you looked so hurt when you read the letters.”

“Your papa told me when he ended the affair. He told me and promised me to never let anything break us again. Those letters brought back that hurt, but that debt had been forgiven.”

“I don’t ever remember you even getting mad at him. You knew of his failings. Why didn’t you stand up for yourself?”

Mama grabbed Ester’s hands and led her to the mirror. “I had you and Ruth and an evil family on a sugar plantation an ocean or two away. Could I leave to go back to Jamaica—with two girls—so your cousins or uncles or even your grandfather could have at you as an enslaved mistress? ’Cause I was born enslaved. Those that look like Mr. Bex in Jamaica can claim you as their property and use you up for nothing but evil. That’s why this very actor fights for abolition. You remember the articles on Mr. Bex’s cause in the papers.”

Ester knew Bex’s stories, but her mother had never said much about her upbringing in Jamaica. When Ester had asked, it had made Mama’s face fill with pain. “Mama…I…”

Her mother picked up Ester’s bag and set it on the bed. “I forgave a man who was repentant, and we rebuilt the trust we had when we married. Yes, I was mad, but your father is a good man. He’s a big man, with beautiful black hands, and we’ve created two beautiful, ungrateful girls.”

Bex went to the door. “I could step outside.”

“You leave this room, Mr. Bex, and Josiah may find his other gun from the carriage and shoot you. There are a lot of woods outside this inn, the kind you could be shot in and buried with no questions. That happens to our people all the time, so it’s best you stay here, where I can see you. That is, if you want to live.”

Ester winced and reached for Bex before she lowered her hands. “Stay, Bex. Mama’s right about my father’s temper.” She turned back to her mother. “Why didn’t you say something about this, or even about Ruth? I am old enough to understand.”

Mama gripped her shoulders and shook her. “Because it was my business, Ester. Mine. It was private until you got a hold of those old letters. And Ruth didn’t want anyone to know about her failings. Her little baby has no name, just a fake one. It is hard enough to be Blackamoor, but illegitimate, too? It’s too much.”

Wanting the world to stop moving, Ester stepped into Bex’s shadow. If only she could fall into his arms and have him hold her to stop the shaking. “You could’ve explained instead of offering lies. I would’ve listened, Mama.”

“You don’t listen, Ester. You’re like your father in that way. You judged me weak. You don’t know what type of strength it takes to hold a marriage together, to be the bigger person and forgive. The way you two are starting off, learning to forgive will be a necessity.” Mama rifled through Ester’s bag until she whipped out the party gown. “Put this on. It’s the one you will marry him in. Mr. Bex. What is your full name?”

“Bex…Arthur Bex,” he said, “But your daughter has changed her mind. I was getting ready to put her on a coach to send her home.”

Mama came near and swatted her on the bottom. “You haven’t come this far to change your mind. If you or Ester have cold feet, stick them in the fireplace. This wedding is happening. I made your father agree. There’s no going back on this. Now put this on.”

Ester looked at Bex, and he caught and held her gaze. “Yes, Mrs. Croome. if your daughter will still have me.”

“I already told you she accepted. Now turn around so she can put this dress on.”

Bex nodded and turned to the door. “I could step outside.”

Whipping through the buttons on Ester’s carriage dress, Mama shook her head. “Step outside, Mr. Bex, and you could get shot. Just face the wall.”

Ester clasped her hands. “Mama, he’s…”

“You ran away with this man. In a few more minutes, he’ll be legally able to see everything, if he hasn’t already. Don’t be modest now. You’re a runaway bride. I’m getting a wedding out of one of you girls. I won’t have you looking like an urchin.”

Beet red across her bosom, face fevered, Ester stood in her chemise and corset as Mama dragged her carriage gown to her hips.

“These shoes are horrid, Ester. They’ll show under your ball gown. But that can’t be helped.”

Bex had his good hand to his face as if to shield his eyes, but the shadows of the ribbon loops of her chemise were obvious on the wall.

She couldn’t think about what was to come, marrying Bex, not with her dress at her knees. “Hurry. I can’t stand here like this.”

“Don’t be shy now, Ester. You’ve been five days with this man.” Mama pulled the party dress up the rest of the way, then slipped on the shimmering overdress, tightening the laces, fluffing the netting. “Your chignon is horrible.”

She took Ester’s locks and smoothed them with her palm. “There is no time to redo this. It will have to do.”

Ester grabbed at her hand. “Please, Mama. Fix it.”

She nodded and undid the chignon, then made a quick new braid and pinned it up again. “A little better, but not what I wanted. This isn’t what I wanted for you at all.”

Sighing as if she could barely contain her emotions, Mama placed the wrinkled shawl on Ester’s arm. “It’s not the beautiful beaded silk gown I had planned for you, but it will do. Now you are ready to wed. Come along, Mr. Bex. My husband and I will take you both to Gretna Green.”

He scooped up Ester’s hand. “Right behind you, ma’am.”

She couldn’t tell what he was thinking, but it was hard to have a cohesive thought with her mother now forcing her to marry Bex. “We don’t have to do this, Mama. If you want me to say I made a mistake, I will.”

“You’ll not shame the family any more, Ester. I’m going to watch you marry the man you chose above the Croomes.”

Ester had always wanted to see her mother get angry, but to be furious at Papa, not her. The determination she heard in the woman’s voice was resolute, chilling.

“Run off now, Ester, if you can.” Bex said in a whisper. “Your father won’t shoot you, and your mother doesn’t have a gun to your head.”

But she did. The weight of ruining the Croome name was as good as a flintlock, and the look of disappointment on her mother’s face was enough to break any resistance in Ester’s spirit.

“Stop buzzing, you two.” Mama held her head high as she pushed them out the door. “Remember, this is what you wanted.”

They walked past Mr. Smythe and the grandson—both staring with mouths open. Mama tossed a guinea to them but never stopped.

“Mr. Bex, Miss Croome, you’ll have time to say everything after we see the blacksmith at Gretna Green.”

This marriage was about to happen. It wasn’t going to be stopped. Not by Papa, not by Bex, or by Ester’s doubts. Little Mama was the power. She drove things now, and Ester could only nod and agree.

They climbed into the carriage, the three of them joining her brooding father. The silence in the cabin made her pulse loud within her ears.

What a curious group they made. Ester beside her stoic mother, Bex with a coat half draping his bandaged arm, sitting next to her sulking father. Five miles of no talking, the rumbling of the big carriage’s wheels, the pounding hooves of the two pairs of horses sounded loud, definite. The trip was five miles too short.

The carriage stopped. Bex didn’t wait for the footman and jumped out. He stuck his hand back inside and helped Ester down. “So, we are going to do this.” His tone teased her ear, but he moved her forward, not waiting for a reply.

Then she realized it wasn’t a question. He was committed.

An older fellow stood at the anvil. “I assume…” He stared, and Ester wondered if he’d ever seen so many dark faces together in his establishment. “I assume ye want to be married. It’s late. Come back tomorrow. I have a suite of rooms next door for the ceremonies—”

“It must be tonight,” Mama said and put coins into his hand. “They must wed tonight.”

“Very well. I’m Mr. Elliot, the blacksmith and the anvil priest who will marry the happy couple. I need the parties’ names and places of abode.”

“I am Arthur Bex. I stay in London.”

“I am Ester Croome, I stay near Cheapside.”

“Are you both single persons?”

“Yes,” Ester said.

“Yes. I’m single.” Bex took her hand in his and gave it a little squeeze.

“Did you come here, Miss Croome of your own free will?”

Sort of yes, and sort of no, but the anvil priest didn’t need the particulars. “Yes.”

The man leaned forward and stared in Bex’s direction. “Did you come here, Mr. Bex, of your own free will?”

“Yes. I’m pleased to marry Miss Croome.”

Mr. Elliot turned and started jotting in a book. “How do you spell Bex?”

“B-E-X”. Her fiancé said it loud and bold, a perfect direct address, the climax of the tragedy in this play, only this was true. It was Ester’s life.

“There that is done.” The blacksmith said as he turned around. “Do you, Arthur Bex, take this woman to be your lawful wedded wife, forsaking all others, kept to her as long as you both shall live?”

“I will.”

“Do you, Ester Croome, take this man to be your lawful wedded husband, forsaking all others, kept to him as long as you both shall live?

She looked up at Bex, caught the sparkle in his cobalt eyes. “Yes.”

“A ring, Miss Croome.”

Bex swung a hand to his forehead “Can I buy one for her?”

Mama pulled off one of hers, the one with the jade stone, her favorite. “Use this, Ester.”

Willing away tears, she handed it to the priest and just breathed in and out, the ash and sulfur of the hearth and the melting tools.

“Now give it to Mr. Bex.” Mr. Elliot put the ring back into Ester’s palm.

She did, her fingers vibrating every moment of the exchange.

“Now give me the ring.” The blacksmith tugged his hands upon his stained apron and stretched for it.

Nodding, Bex gave it to him. The anvil priest held it up in the light of his hearth. The band reflected the fire. He pushed it to Bex. “Now put this on the fourth finger of her left hand and say these words: with this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, with all my worldly goods I thee endow in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Amen.”

Bex cleared his throat. He turned to look at Ester. “I…” He cleared his throat and took sole possession of her gaze. “I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, with all my worldly goods, I thee endow, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Amen.”

The blacksmith took her hand and put it on his bandaged shoulder. “You’re supposed to link right hands but that seems impossible. Hope you put up a good fight before landing in the parson’s trap, Mr. Bex.” He winked and chortled.

Papa groaned.

Then Mr. Elliot turned to Ester. “Repeat after me, Miss Croome: what God joins together let no man put asunder.”

These were the last lines. If she would rebel, this was the time. But with Papa looking as if he’d be sick, and Mama wiping her eyes, there was nothing else to do but play the part she’d begun. Pulse raging, she said, “What God joins together let no man put asunder.”

“Good,” the priest said. “Forasmuch as this man and this woman have consented to go together by the giving and receiving a ring, I, therefore, declare them to be man and wife before God and these witnesses in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Amen. Go in peace.”

Ester’s mother kissed her on the cheek. Her father just shook his head and left the shop.

She wanted to go after him, but she’d let her mother soften him. She now understood the woman’s power. “Perhaps, Mama, we can come to dinner in a week or two. Then you can get to know Bex.”

Her mother kissed her again on the forehead. “No, Ester. You chose to leave us for him. I’ve given you your wish. But you are cut off this day from the Croomes.”

Ester’s heart stopped at least thirty seconds before it started again with a jolt. “But you forgave father for worse. I want to come home.”

“Your father is my business, as much as this man you chose is yours. You wanted his hands on you. Go to him like you left us, with the clothes you smuggled out. No dowry. You will live as he lives. You’re not a Croome anymore, Mrs. Bex.”

“Mama?”

The woman pushed away, head up, but she stopped at the blacksmith’s door. “If you think this is your father’s doing, then you don’t know me. You punished him enough for his flaws, broke his heart every time you washed his nose in it. Now, you’ve done it again, and ripped up mine, too. Take care of her, Mr. Bex.”

“I will, Mrs. Croome. I don’t want a dowry. Don’t let money come between you. She’s your daughter.”

“No. She’s your wife. You’re all she’s ever talked about. Now she has you. Be good to her.” The voice sounded strong but also winded, like it held back a forthcoming sob. The hurt in her mother’s face was worse than the day Ester had found those letters. She reached for her hand.

But it was too late.

Mama had turned her back on her and left.

Ester wanted to run after her, but what could she say? All this time she’d thought Mama weak, and the woman had been the strongest Croome.

Bex gathered up the document from the priest and they had a low conversation, something about names, but all she could hear was the sound of the great carriage going away. Her parents had left. She was cut off from them.

With a wistful look in his cobalt blue eyes, her new husband took her hand. “We have a five mile walk back to the inn. The evening air will do us good. Come along, Mrs. Bex.”

She walked beside him. Without the energy to act happy, she couldn’t put a smile to her lips. All she wanted to do was cry.





Chapter Fifteen

The Long Walk Back

Keeping his stride small so his little wife could keep up, Arthur held her hand and walked away from the blacksmith at Gretna Green—a married man.

He’d wanted to marry Ester, wanted to stay with their original plans to elope, but had decided to let her go. He’d failed her with his reckless driving, his lack of planning, but now they had a new start. He’d make the disappointment cresting upon her lips go away.

He gave her hand a little squeeze. “Ester, Ester Bex, a farthing for your thoughts?”

She didn’t look up but gazed down like she hunted for her slippers in the evening light. “That sum of money doesn’t seem like enough.” She folded her arms about her. “I don’t think it wise for you to know. It may doom our path more than we already have.”

Her gentle spirit was breaking, and that hit him squarely in the gut. He had to make it better for her and bring her back to that hopeful moment when she’d first leaped into his arms. He stopped, tugged her hand from the voluminous scarf that she tried to hide behind, and spun her. “You made a pretty bride, Mrs. Bex. This is the dress in which you floated down to me, a sun come to earth. Good to see it in the evening light.”

Pushing away until he dropped her arm, she brought her hands to her face. “I gained you.” Her voice was low and full of pain. “I’m happy of that, Bex. There’s no one I’d rather marry. But I lost my parents today. I’ve learned more secrets and lies about the past than I ever wanted to know. I’m robbed of joy. I’m so sick over this.”

A lump formed in his own throat. He had secrets, too, and telling her now would ruin her. He yanked at his drooping tailcoat. “Maybe it was best that you didn’t know all the bad. Maybe they thought not knowing was a way to protect you.”

She glanced at him with glassy, wet eyes. “They didn’t think me strong enough, so they sheltered me with lies. The way I hurt my mother, maybe they were right. I’m horrible.”

“You’re not anything but courageous. We’ll find a way to reconcile with your parents. I don’t think it’s a permanent break. Look, Ester.” He pointed to her father’s onyx carriage. It’s evenly matched team sat out front of the coaching inn. “They waited for you. Perhaps they have already had a change of heart.”

Her head rose, but then her pretty face became sadder with a bigger frown, then unreadable. “No, they just wanted to see if we made it this far. They’re leaving.”

He turned in time to watch the big carriage drive off. It was cruel to see them abandon her again. Thinking how to make this better for her, he came up with nothing. He swiped at his dry mouth and tried to sound the role of an encourager. “They surely waited to see if we made back to the inn safely, but they are still angered. It will pass. They still care, Ester. You can see that?”

“I see them leaving like I left them, but not through a window. They left in a comfortable fashion, hours before midnight.”

He took her hand, the one with the shiny gold band, and kissed her fingers. “I was there to catch you, Ester. I’m here now.”

She drew back and put her arms about her. “With a bad arm? I’ll take my chances walking.”

Arthur saw her swimming in regret. The concerns that made her decide to end the engagement were still there, unresolved. “Ester, you chose me. I’m not ignorant to think it was my charm alone. You agreed to spite your father.”

She put a finger to her full lips as they entered the inn. “Shhh. Not now.”

Old man Smythe, who’d doctored his shoulder, looked over his glasses and pushed a pile of coins at him. “Your father-in-law paid for your room and the keep of your horse, even the repairs. Interesting he’d do that for you. I never forget a face or the likeness of a captain. A Liverpool captain.”

The man knew or suspected. Well, his uncle’s trial had been big news for areas close to here. Picking up the money, Arthur braced and puffed out his chest. “I think it was a gift for his daughter.”

The old man shook his head. “I think you should be inclined to leave tomorrow. We don’t want no trouble.”

Slinging his coat back over his hurt shoulder, Arthur nodded and absorbed the warning. “We need to head back to London as soon as possible.”

He put Ester’s arm on his and led her to his room.

He closed the door and leaned against it. “Well, it’s done, Mrs. Bex.”

“Yes.” She stood with her back to him, inches from the bed. She sank onto it softly then sprang up as if it were hot coals. Pushing at her shawl, not catching his gaze, she looked miserable with a frown almost as wide as her thin face. “It is done.”

She looked miserable. Time to make it better.

“Tsk. Tsk. I always thought the future Mrs. Bex would seem happy about our nuptials. That she’d be waiting for me with open arms, not a refuse bucket ready to vomit.”

Ester looked at him then crumpled onto the bed, crying.

His attempt at humor had the opposite effect of what he wanted. A rose only needed so much water to bloom. Flinging his coat to the chair, he sat beside her. With his good hand, he stroked her back. “Time will make things right with your parents.”

“Bex, how do you know this? Have you ever had to reconcile with your parents?”

“No, but then, I was orphaned at six.”

Chin lifting, she curled toward him. “Then you don’t know.”

Her pretty eyes, large topaz-brown pools with flecks of henna and gold, had said so much on their journey, but now they read of pity and disbelief. He didn’t want that from her. She, of all people, had to believe in him, in their union.

“Ester, I do know that sometimes there is no reconciliation. Sometimes the crimes are so great you have to part ways.”

“Crimes? Bex, now you are being dramatic. We’ve done nothing heinous by marrying. And I suppose they’ve done nothing heinous by cutting me off.”

This wasn’t how he wanted to broach this subject of his past. She deserved to know, and there was no one he felt like telling, ever, except Ester. “They’re very upset, but you and I, we are family now. It’s us against the world.”

“Us Bex? Us against the world?” She wiped at the tears staining her face. “Some wedding day.”

Ester was miserable. He’d signed the marriage certificate with the name he’d chosen and had made famous, not his birth name. If he couldn’t make her happy, he’d tell her so she could annul the marriage for fraud. It was her only way out of this situation. But Arthur felt he could make her happy. He’d captivated her on stage, and he could captivate her now. “Today was not all bad. I met your parents. They allowed us to marry. Then there was that moment when you kissed me.”

She tugged at her shawl, her fingers tensing on the folds. “I think it was you who kissed me.”

“What? My bashful bride… You seem to not have a long memory. That might be good for us.”

“Maybe that means you will never be bored with me.”

He looped his fingers with hers, stilling her fidgeting. “Not likely. You’re an enigma, changing from shy to bold, from scared to brave. Enigmas are hard to take hold of.”

Her face had dried, and she looked as if her mood had lifted a little. “What do we do now?”

There were plenty things that came to his head, with Ester the incredible kisser sitting so near him on the very comfortable mattress. “Ester, I told you that I wanted a full marriage.”

She wiped at her eyes. “Yes.” Her voice sounded strained as she smoothed the hem of her skirt. “I suppose it is too late to get to know one another better.”

“Bashful again.” He kissed her fingers. “That skirt has been beaten of wrinkles. Don’t be frightened around me. I can be a patient man.”

“Bex. I… You said if I asked you anything, you wouldn’t lie.”

With a brow raised, he sobered his expression and nodded.

“Why did you marry me? Do you love me?”

He didn’t know how to describe what he felt—part gratitude, part hope, part glad to be chosen—that she cared so much for him. He stood up, pulling her to her feet. “I care for you more than myself. Perhaps that is love. I know what it cost for you to go through with this wedding and to even jump through that window. Your reasons for saying yes matter less to me, only that you did say it.”

She hooked her hand about his neck and draped her head against his bum shoulder. “What does matter to you, Bex?”

“You. You do, Ester.”

She peered up with her mouth slightly open, maybe in want of him.

He put his hand in her hair and flung off the bonnet that covered her tight curls. Grabbing hold of a loose tendril, he drew her face to his. “Say yes again, Mrs. Bex.”

“What are you asking, Bex?”

Part of him wanted everything, but she was far too wary. Like an audience on opening night, she needed to be cultivated, made aware of his presence, enraptured by his words until she asked for more. “Tonight, it is yes to a kiss. Let’s congratulate ourselves on the opening act of this marriage.”

Her eyes were wide and glossy with tears, but then she closed them and leaned in. “Yes.”

Smiling inside, he dipped his head and removed the space between them. He had intended for the kiss to be small, chaste, but Ester was too delicious. Her curves against him felt so fine. She molded to him in all the right places. He loosed the shawl from her shoulders and exposed smooth, creamy skin that his fingers would explore if not for the high lace at her throat. That wouldn’t do. “Let me undo the laces of your dress, so you can change for bed. We leave here early in the morn.”

He spun her and loosed the bow her mother had tied.

She bounced away. “I can handle the rest. Remember, I changed in the woods.”

“Yes, with that lovely dance.”

She pulled a dressing gown from her bag then stared at him. “Are you going to step out?”

“No, but I’ll turn.” He faced the door as he had before. “Ester, I have a two-room flat, probably as small a space as the warehouse you once lived. I’m frugal with my money, so you’ll have to become used to me. You need to become used to me.”

He heard her rustling and watched her engaging shadow on the wall.

“I’m done, Bex.”

He turned to find her in another high-necked gown of cream. Graceful and demure, and his pulse raced at the site of her.

Holding her party gown, she began to fold it. “This is so delicate. I shouldn’t have worn it. I washed, but I haven’t had a bath.”

“You were lovely in it, and your lilac soap is quite distinctive on your skin. I could inquire with the innkeeper about a bath in the morning.”

She shook her head and sat on the side of the bed. “No, Bex. Don’t. I’ll be the last to use it. The negress wife of an actor ranks the lowest. The tub will be horrible and dirty before it’s my turn.” She offered a nervous giggle. “I’ll stick to my bucket and pretty soap.

His heart broke for her. The life he had to offer her was so different from the life to which she’d grown accustomed. “That’s why you originally changed your mind? The changes you’ll have to go through to be with me?”

She shrugged. “Yes, and the changes you will have to endure for marrying me. I’m not sure either of us is ready.”

He crossed to her side and saw her clutching the blanket. It wasn’t in anticipation. Fear was not a good lover. “Do me a favor, Ester? I need you to free me of this shirt and the bandage. I have to get my arm moving.”

Ester was tentative in touching him, but she lifted his shirt with great care. Still looking like a scared rabbit, she undid the knot on his bandage.

“I’m free. Thank you, Ester.” He leaned in and kissed her cheek.

Her eyes were wide as she stared.

Flexing his arm, he leant over and blew out the candle. “You go on to sleep. I’m going to practice my lines. By the time we are back to London, I’ll have missed most of the rehearsals.”

She inhaled deeply as he moved to the small desk. “You’re Arthur Bex. You will be wonderful.”

If she believed that about him completely, she wouldn’t be digging her fingernails into the blanket. “Get some sleep.”

She lay back and maybe released a yawn from her lungs as she hit the mattress. “Good night, Bex.”

“Good night, my dearest Ester. You can call me, Arthur. It’s allowed to be more familiar with your husband.”

He sat at the desk and drew the script from his bag to study his lines.

“You don’t have to be quiet, Bex. I love your voice. It will help me sleep.”

He pushed his arm out of the bandaged sling she’d loosened and stretched it. He needed it strong and flexible, to do everything to woo his wife and make Ester love him as she loved his characters on the stage. Yes, he was ready to take on his greatest role. For Ester was his, and she needed to want him whether his name was Arthur Bex or Oliver Arthur Bexeley. Once he was sure of her love, he could tell her the truth and not fear losing her.

Losing a woman who’d just given up everything for him should never happen.

…

With wide-awake eyes, Ester watched Bex and listened to his dreamy voice recite Shakespeare. His tones were clear, and her heart pounded when he said words of love. Like in the theater, she imagined that it was her name he said, not Cleopatra’s.

She wanted Bex to love her. Then she wouldn’t feel so fretful, so vulnerable. Then she wouldn’t be concerned about him straying like Papa, or worse, abandoning her like Ruth’s beau had done.

Everything still ached from the lies and revelations. She smiled at her husband pacing and saying lines. He was the only one who hadn’t lied.

Her breath caught when Bex stretched and yanked off the remaining bandages. Bare from the waist up, he groaned as he flexed his shoulder. Another small moan ushered from him as he rotated his hurt arm. “Don’t fret, Ester. It’s better, just a little stiff.”

Having been caught gazing, she closed her eyes but remembered how she and Ruth had peeked at Papa’s workers through a knot in the floorboards at the warehouse—sweaty bulky arms in all shades, from beige to deep ebony, lifting crates and drying wool near the big furnaces.

Through her lashes, she glanced at Bex again. He was a sight to behold, tall with a lean stomach and solid muscles in his arms and chest. The bulky costumes of the stage hid much of his masculine beauty.

Bex moved to the fireplace. With his hurt hand, he clasped the onyx poker and stoked the flames. The odds his shoulder would be permanently lame had diminished. With no lasting damage from this escapade, Bex, a thing of beauty, would remain whole.

Ester tried to roll over, but she couldn’t help herself, watching him stir the fire and recite his lines. This was her husband. She had chosen him, and he’d chosen her. Could their attraction grow into something more? Could they both be faithful to their marital promises, even if they had been made under duress?

Bex came over to the bed. “Have you fallen asleep?”

“No.” Her pulse ticked up.

“Good. I won’t feel bad when I force you to scoot over.”

He sat on the side as she shuttled to the other edge.

The mattress wasn’t so big, so he’d be touchable. “You’re going to sleep in this bed?”

He slid on his nightshirt, grunting as he lifted his hurt arm. “That is where one sleeps.”

“But.”

He lay back and took the pillow from her. “And I hear that married couples do that all the time. It is a rumor. I haven’t confirmed it.” He touched her cheek. “Your skin does flame when you blush.”

When he moved back to his side, she missed his gaze upon her.

“Good night, Ester,” he said.

It took a moment to become used to the way the bed swayed when he moved, for he shifted the bedsheets and then ended up very near her side.

“Bex, you will do well as Antony. You have nothing to fear.”

His hand found hers, and he tugged her so that she shared the pillow. “There is always something to fear. Sometimes fear is good. It tells you what to value. Makes you hold on tight to the good in your life.”

“Well, Arthur Bex will be brilliant. On the nights I can go, I’ll be cheering for you. I’ll talk to my friend Frederica Burleigh. Her father, the Duke of Simone, lets us use his box.”

“Nights you can go? By us, you mean your friends Mrs. Fitzwilliam-Cecil and Miss Burleigh? You’ll have seats opening night, or maybe you can sit off stage.”

“No. No. I’ll be too nervous for you. I’d rather watch you like I always have, at a distance. You’ll be so great.”

He sat up, hovering over her, and was so close she could trace the curl of dark hair over the night shirt. If she sketched Greek statues, Bex could be an excellent one, and she was within touching distance, her to him, him to her.

“Ester?”

“Yes.” She blinked away her distraction by the muscular lines of his form. “Yes. Bex.”

“You want the truth, Ester, but I expect the same about anything I ask.”

She pulled at the blanket as if he could see through her robe. “Yes.”

“It’s not that you would be nervous for me. It’s that you don’t think you belong, and you are trying to protect me again, this time from the reaction of others.”

Ester closed her eyes for a moment. “This marriage cost me my family. I don’t want it to cost you your profession or your reputation. If Arthur Bex is destroyed because of his wife—I’d never forgive myself.”

“You’re a queen, Ester, but not an untrustworthy Cleopatra, not the way you keep trying to shelter me.”

Still hovering above, he touched her cheek again. “Warm again. A blushing bride. Well, I believe someone thinks I should be well rested before we start back to London. I’m surprised you hadn’t already insisted.”

“It’s good to see that you learn quickly.”

Chuckling, he punched the pillow then reclined, reciting lines the whole way down. Then his voice grew louder. “Let Rome in Tiber melt, and the wide arch of the ranged empire fall: here is my space…next to you.”

The resonance in his voice, the clarion call of Bex claiming his spot, the space next to her, made her toes wriggle. “You sleep, Ester. We’ve a long way to go.”

He started practicing Shakespeare again.

Ester loved it. It was a performance just for her. Right now, Bex was just hers, not shared with the world on stage.

When his voice grew lower and slowed, she couldn’t help herself, moving a little closer to hear each word.

His fingers clasped hers. “Ester, if reciting Shakespeare is what it takes for you to be at ease, I’ll willingly become hoarse.”

“Then I’ll make you more chamomile. Good thing you’re not that manipulative, Bex.”

“Good thing your toes are warm. They are touching my shin.”

“Oh, I …”

“Don’t move a muscle. That’s your place now, at my side. I’ll have to get you to say Arthur and learn how to make you love saying it.”

That sounded like a challenge, and that should bring her some concern, but she was too comfortable sharing Bex’s pillow to look for trouble. It would find her soon enough. It always did.





Chapter Sixteen

A Simple Life

The final leg of the trip to London was slower than Ester wanted, for the familiar buildings of the city made her anxious. When the scent of the Thames, the tart fog with the hint of horses’ leavings greeted her, she relaxed on the seat. The city was safer for Blackamoors, so it had to be better for her and Bex.

Yet, her husband didn’t look relieved. He seemed cross, with a deep frown on his face.

She put her sketch pad onto her knee, her charcoal into her bag, then linked her arm about his. “Bex, we are back in London. Is it much farther to your home?”

“Not much farther.” He patted her hand but pulled out his pocket watch. This was the second time.

“Well, I’ve missed rehearsal again. That four-hour wait to change horses at the last coaching inn has done me in.” His smile was thin but there for her. “I hate missing appointments. I gave them my word. I sent a messenger from our stay in Newcastle, saying I’d return today. I don’t break promises easily.”

Their marriage had already started to cost him. She fretted for him but tried to encourage him with another squeeze to his forearm. “They’ll understand. You’ve just come back from a wedding trip. Funny, I always pictured sailing away on a boat.”

“No. No boat for you…or me.”

His tone had sharpened, but he kissed her hand before she could pull away. “I don’t like missing appointments. My word is all that I have. I committed to being there.”

“They’ll understand. It’s not as though they’ll give your role away to someone else.”

He tugged on the reins, and the lead horse pranced a little faster, but there was no room to move with the other carriages. “You don’t know how fast someone can turn on you.” He rubbed his neck and glanced again toward the road. “There is always a new bright light, some new actor waiting for a chance.”

“No one can replace you.”

“Let’s hope that’s always your take on things. I seem to be replacing your pillow at night. Maybe I could compete with a blanket to keep you warm. London nights can be cold ones.”

Heat flushed her cheeks.

The need to box his ears didn’t leave her when he chuckled, but it was good to know that he desired her as his wife.

“I do wonder how much I can make you blush, my bashful bride. I’d like to try.”

Heat spread now, racing the length of her, down to her toes. “I wonder if you will still speak to me with such enthusiasm once our marriage progresses.”

“Only one way to find out, my dear. And with no rehearsal, it seems we have a whole evening to determine…progress.”

She tried to combat his wit, but how could she with his lips puckered into a knowing smile.

“I’ll talk to you the whole time, Ester.”

His whisper dripped like honey or thick coconut oil along her neck and stirred her pulse to thrash within her veins.

“Ester. Dearest, Ester. We’ll just hold hands or find something else to do. If you trust me.”

His tone was light, but there was no jest, not anymore.

And her heart couldn’t pretend anymore that she wasn’t as affected by Bex the husband as she was Bex the actor, not after sleeping at his side each night for the last three. She’d even become used to his snores. She loved his snores. “Tell me about your flat.”

The simmering expression in his eyes did not diminish. “It’s two small rooms, each in need of a woman’s touch.”

“Your countess friend never touched it.”

“No. No one comes to visit.”

Ester felt as if she had touched upon something, something raw. Perhaps the man who liked to tease couldn’t take teasing. She drummed her fingers upon her lap. “Two rooms? A bathing room and bedchamber?”

“No. A sitting area and a bedchamber. There is a room in the building with a copper tub, but it is shared by the residents.”

Shared? Her heart sunk. “That means it will have a rank for its use.” In her reticule were the two guineas Theodosia had given her. “I have a little money. Perhaps I could order one. It wouldn’t be a frivolous purchase. I can also wash my dresses in it. I only have one simple gown and this carriage dress. The party dress, my wedding dress, is too delicate for everyday wear.”

“Perhaps, we should consider purchasing new garbs for you. You’ve come to me with little. Then on my next benefit night, if we haven’t made arrangements, I’ll buy you a big copper tub with my money.”

“But I have clothes. Lots of clothes. We only need to stop at Nineteen Fournier.”

His smoldering smile turned into a solid frown. “No. Ester, we cannot. Not without a proper invitation.”

He was being silly. Those were her things in her room in her closet.

When the gig turned onto Lower Thames Street, getting close to Papa’s warehouse, she tugged Bex’s arm. “Let’s stop. Papa may be inside. We can ask him about my clothes.”

He picked up the reins and moved the gig faster. “No, Ester. You’re going to your new home, my flat. It’s too soon to press your parents for anything.”

“I want to try to make amends, Bex.”

He shook his head. “It’s only been a few days. Their anger hasn’t cooled. We haven’t proven that we are right in this marriage.”

“But I want to try.”

“I know Ester, and we will, but you made a choice by eloping out of that window. Now you are dead to them. Not much will fix that.”

His words stung like a kick to the gut, but she couldn’t accept it. “No, Bex. You know not what I feel.”

“Yes, I do, Ester. I, too, made a choice once that made everyone disown me.”

His posture seemed tense. There was still so little she knew of him. What past hurts did he hold inside? He had to be a loner for a reason, and that made her sad for him. “Your parents didn’t disown you. They died and died young. Is that how you feel about their passing?”

His jaw tightened, then he eased his grimace back to a simple frown. “No.”

“Then what are you talking about? Bex, tell me. I think I should know.”

“My guardian disowned me. My uncle believed I had turned against him, but I was only doing what I knew to be right. I know how it cuts, Ester. I know the pain of separation.”

“Was that what happened when you chose to be an actor? I know some look down on it, but not me.”

He wiped at his face. “One of many decisions he found difficult. The point is, Ester, he felt my choice was a betrayal, but I could never do what he wanted. Never.”

Bex’s hands shook on the reins. His pain seemed raw, right under his gloves.

“But you reconciled? There’s a happy ending to your story?”

He shook his head. “No happy ending. He hated me until the day he died. I don’t blame him for that. Betrayal looks different, even to the guilty.”

A gasp left her lips before she could stop it.

“Ester, there is a very real possibility that we may never reconcile with the Croomes. I haven’t demonstrated I’m a good choice. I’m some actor that stole the fabric princess. We’ve just come back to London. We haven’t lived as man and wife yet. There’s much to prove.”

“You’re not some actor, but the best, and we’ve been married for three days. We’ve been amiable.”

Swiping at his brow, as if her logic had overwhelmed him, he shook his head. “And we’ve slept as friends. Not as husband and wife. There’s still much to prove.”

Maybe that’s what men did—wrap everything in a moment of passion. What of tenderness and care and concern and fidelity? “Who better to be friends than husband and wife?”

“I suppose that is true, friend.” He pushed his hat down and slowed the phaeton, turning onto Gracechurch Street. “My flat’s not far. If you want me to keep going to Fournier, I will. I’ll be by your side, even if the front door is slammed in your face.”

Would her mother cut her again? And would showing up be an admission that Ester had been wrong to elope and her parents right in telling her lies? Anger swam in her stomach, engulfing the ache of missing Mama and Papa. “They lied, allegedly to protect me. Would you do that, Bex?”

He leaned forward as if he needed to inspect the horses. “Ester, I won’t lie to you. I promise to be faithful, but there may be things I won’t tell you.”

“What?”

“If a colleague makes cruel remarks about our marriage, I won’t tell you. If I’m disparaged for marrying you, I’ll seal my lips. If I have to have fisticuffs because someone makes a statement that’s offensive, I’ll not say a word. I’d rather keep things that would pain you to myself than put you in a position which compels you to dance with highwaymen or play a maid. Your acting days are done.”

“Lying is to be preferred?”

“No, but omitting something painful is. I care enough about you to keep you sheltered from the bad. I care a great deal for you, Ester.”

She should be outraged that he wouldn’t tell her things, as if she couldn’t handle the truth, but the second thing he said, about caring for her—well, that outweighed everything. “You should be glad I have selective hearing. For I care a great deal about you, too. Let’s head to your flat.”

Bex’s laughter was low, and she laughed, too.

Minutes later, he turned onto another street, something called Fenchurch Street, and the neighborhood looked foreign. No hint of the Thames. No warehouses. No Huguenot homes. Nothing but lines of neat looking town homes. Her foot began to tap in anticipation.

“It’s best that I miss rehearsal tonight, Mrs. Bex. Means I can focus on getting you settled. Not much farther. We’ll be turning into the mews in a few minutes. Then I’ll take you to our flat and properly welcome my wife home.”

It wouldn’t be the home she knew, in a neighborhood where she didn’t know if she belonged. She tried to slow her pulse, but too many knots built inside at the thought of living with Bex as man and wife.

…

The wind whipped a little as Arthur headed down the final street before his flat. Ester sat on her hands, her cute chin turning this way and that way.

She was a beautiful woman, delicate, sophisticated, but right now she seemed fragile, more fragile than at any point in their short acquaintance.

But he was too anxious and unbalanced. He should’ve told her. The opportunity had been there in her questions. How could he say aloud that he’d witnessed atrocities, and that his testimony about such had led to his uncle’s hanging? The truth had cost Arthur what was left of his family and his good name. Now the truth would take his Ester away before they had a chance to discover what their marriage could be.

“Bex? Are you all right?” Ester’s voice was low. “Bex?”

“I forgot how hard it was those months after my parents died. I was isolated from everyone.” Then he had endured it again with his uncle’s imprisonment. “But, unlike me, Ester, you’re not alone.”

Her lips lifted from their sad pout. “I know, Bex. And you’ve been very sweet. I like you sheltering me.”

She put her hand on his again, this time smearing a little dark charcoal on his glove from her sketching. She wet her thumb on her tongue and swiped the smudge away.

His chest felt lighter as he marveled at how comfortable she’d become with him. Barely a week had passed since they’d met over the newspaper advertisement, and she’d become more at ease with him, even reaching for him as she slept. He’d taken his time driving back to London, taken his time letting her become accustomed to his weight shifting beside her and his arm draping her, holding her about the delightful bosom she was so shy about sharing.

He grasped her hand as he made the final turn into the mews behind his flat. “We’re here. Your new home.”

Her shy smile had returned, with those ever so soft lips opening. If not for seeing Jonesy approach, he’d take the invitation. “Wait for me, Ester, to help you down.”

He jumped down and handed the reins and a coin to his red-haired young friend.

The boy fingered a scratch on the side. “You had a bit of an accident?”

“A small one.” He could feel Ester rolling her eyes, but he kept his focus on the young man. “There’s an extra farthing if you can buff it out.”

“Yes, sir.”

The boy started unhitching the horses but stopped when Arthur handed Ester down.”

“A new maid, sir. Miss, let me tell you. Mr. Bex like his things clean, cleaner than new.”

“Jonesy, this—”

“Come along, Mr. Bex. Let me see this new place I have charge of.” Her fake cockney accent came out again, and he shook his head and extended his arm. This time he wouldn’t allow her to pretend. With an arm draped about her waist, he turned her to Jonesy. “Young man, this is my wife. She’s a bit of an actress. If ever she needs anything, you see to it. There will be more than a farthing in it for you.”

“You married…her?” The boy looked down then up. “More than a farthing. Sure thing, Mr. Bex. Pleased to meet you, Mrs. Bex. Mr. Bex is a good tipper.”

Ester stared in Jonesy’s direction a few seconds longer, and Arthur hoped she wouldn’t ask about his cleft lip. The sheltered girl probably hadn’t seen anything like it.

Arthur held out his arm again to Ester. “Shall we?” He put her hand in the crook of his arm. “We can’t usher in change if we hide. Now let’s go. Jonesy, when you are done, bring my bag.”

The boy had one horse unhitched. “Sure thing, Mr. Bex. More than a farthing?”

“Yes. Jonesy.”

Ester tried to retake her bag from him. “I don’t want you hurting that arm.”

He could only shake his head and admire how she wanted to protect him. It was a nice feeling. “Come along.”

They walked out onto the street, and Ester stopped, her mouth gaping.

Arthur looked around but saw nothing amiss on the street, only storefronts and pedestrians. “Ester, what is it?”

“I’ll be living in Cheapside. Papa will be impressed.”

“Well, there is nothing as grand as Nineteen Fournier around here. You’d have to travel to Mayfair to see the likes.”

“The groom Jonesy, was he hurt in an accident?”

“No, he was born with a defective lip.” Hoping she wasn’t being missish, he stopped and looked at her. “Oh, please don’t think less of him. He’s been abandoned and on his own since he was twelve. He is such a good worker.”

“Abandoned like you? He must be so hurt.”

Arthur had accepted being alone, he just hadn’t focused on the hurt part of that kinship with Jonesy. “Perhaps, but he dreams of being a groom at a fancy house like your parents’, but no one will hire him because of his looks.”

“Bex, why don’t you advocate for him and people like him? That is something you are much more connected to than abolition. It might be safer.”

He grasped her hand and walked her to his building. “Abolition is the cause of my heart. Not abandonment. And can you question it, Ester, after hearing your mother? You and your sister would be enslaved back in Jamaica. Slavery must end.”

Her gaze never strayed. Her topaz eyes cut through him as if he’d said something stupid. “I know of its importance. My whole family knows. My mother is a quiet person, but she shared some of the horrors of growing up on a plantation in Jamaica. Her father treated his enslaved people as if they weren’t human. The slave ships from your Liverpool stole her mother and her brothers, her whole family from Africa and brought them to Jamaica. It’s a death sentence for those that work the sugar cane fields. And a different kind of death to be kept in the master’s clutches. Yes, Bex, I know.”

“Slave ships from Liverpool?” The blood froze in his veins. “I’m sorry. I didn’t think. I’m sorry.”

She brushed at a braid that had escaped her bonnet. “I’ve heard how vicious my flesh-and-blood grandfather was to the people he owned, who looked like me or with darker skin. So vicious. My grandfather would have you killed for your push for abolition. He’d do it. Others here might, too. I don’t want to live in fear, waiting for you to come home.” She fingered the lapel of his coat. “Or open your door and this coat comes to me, battered or bullet ridden.”

He pulled her into him, and he just held on to her until her trembles stopped. There wasn’t much to say. She spoke the truth. These were dangerous times. “Ester, I know the risks, but I will be careful, and I’ve a wife to come home to. Don’t fret, Mrs. Bex.”

“But I will, Bex. I always will.”

A feeling close to love filled his head as he led her to the third floor. He dropped her bag in front of his door. “Well, I’ve quite recovered from the accident, and I’m well-rested, and I’m welcoming my wife home.” He slipped his hands about her waist and lifted her in the air. “I’ll carry you across the threshold.”

She sniffled and giggled like he’d done a great feat.

“You are easy on my ego, Ester.”

Her lips parted as if she was going to respond, but instead she ducked her face behind him as if to hide. “We aren’t alone.”

Clapping sounded from behind. He eased Ester to the floor and spun to see Phineas.

“So Bex, the saint does have a morsel on the side, a chocolate bonbon. I guess the great actor isn’t a saint. Man cannot live by pages alone, aye, Bex?”

Arthur’s fist balled. “Phineas, please do not disrespect my wife. No matter what you think of me, she is good.”

The man’s busy brows raised. “My apologies, ma’am. So how long have you been married? Wait—the girl from White Horse Cellar?”

Ester stayed behind Arthur, her nails had clawed into his coat.

Arthur clasped her fingers and pried them to the front, weaving his with hers. “We just married.”

Phineas tapped his chin. “A quick courtship?”

Remembering how Ester had portrayed their relationship to her father, he decided to say the same. “Some could say that this has been in the works for two years, right, my dear?”

Ester said nothing but drew deeper into his back. Though he didn’t mind her breath heating that center spot on his back, he’d hoped for a more spirited defense.

He gave her hand a little squeeze. “Go on, tell him like you told your father.”

Again, she said nothing, only planting her face deeper in his back.

“Seems you have a shy one, Bex.”

“Why are you here, Phineas?”

“Your big rally tonight. You’re the star of it. I wanted to get a statement, beforehand since you never like to talk afterward.”

“Phineas, that’s not until the end of the month, days away. Could you please—”

“The thing became organized after your big speech. I believe you were there, Mrs. Bex, to catch the end. No wonder you felt so at ease coming down to the cellar where the radicals gather. Your beau was on stage.”

“Radicals? That means danger?” Ester’s voice was low as she peeked around Arthur’s arm.

Phineas grinned. “Very, very dangerous, but tonight’s rally could be deadly. A blowhard could get shot if he isn’t careful.”

Pulse raising, anger boiling over, Arthur pointed to the stairs. “Unless you’ve become my personal secretary, Phineas, you need to be on your way.”

“Well, I tried to find you at the theater, but when you didn’t show, I assumed you were working on a big speech, something to make the crowds go wild. There will be terror in the streets incited by the man who loves the limelight.”

“I’ve returned from getting married. And please, my wife doesn’t understand that you’re exaggerating the danger.”

“Just come back? Hmmm. Well, the rally starts at seven, but you’ll miss it getting the wife settled. All talk, Bex, or has the abolition cause been something you’ve used to woo a negress woman? A fancy one at that.”

Arthur raised his arm to punch the reporter senseless, but Ester clutched it, as if she didn’t want to see him violent. “Leave my wife out of your columns and out of your mouth.”

The reporter sobered. “It’ll be hard to do, but perhaps an interview given by you, Bex, could sway me. Your story has just become even richer with this shy wife. If she’s what you’ve been hiding, you should’ve said so.”

“I’ve nothing to say to a nosy reporter, but ‘leave.’”

“You’re hiding a secret, and I’m close to exposing the truth.”

Fury ripping through him, Arthur took a step toward Phineas, but Ester held on to his tailcoat.

“Please, Bex. Don’t.” Her whisper was soft, smothering the fire in him, at least the one to pummel Phineas. “He’s not worth it.”

The reporter clapped his hands. “When you change your mind about an exclusive story, Bex, send for me. Same for you, Mrs. Bex. I love informants equally. See you tonight, if you can bear to get away. Bang. Bang. Gunpowder.”

Phineas marched away, all while almost singing, “Exclusive: Arthur Bex is married to a bashful Blackamoor bride. Will the sham last beyond the rallies? The ones he feels are worthy of his presence.”

Arthur’s anger raged again. “He better not put you in the papers.”

“Bex, you said it yourself. We can’t hide if we are to create change. I suppose that also includes from the reporters who want to do you harm.”

With a sigh, he turned to unlock the door but caught her big, wide eyes. The pique Arthur had felt over her not defending him subsided. She was fearful…for him. Again, that protective nature of hers had come out and made a play for his heart. “Phineas is a nuisance, but harmless.”

“He’s not harmless. He’s out to hurt you. He’s baiting you to go to that rally where you could be hurt.”

There were no words to comfort her. He had to go to the rally. He’d promised to be there, had encouraged others to go. Slipping his other hand in his pocket, he dug for his key. “I still think you are much bolder when you think our lives are at imminent risk.”

“I don’t want to be at risk. I want to be happy. I want you safe. Don’t go to the rally.”

No pleading or soft lilting voice would deter him, not from his calling. He jiggled the fob, metal clicked against metal, and the door opened. “Welcome.”

With her chin high, his bride entered. Her head turned from side to side as she took a lap about the freshly papered pale-yellow walls that he’d helped the widowed boardinghouse owner finish a few weeks ago. “Very clean for a bachelor.”

The scent of pine soap wafted as he lugged her bag inside and closed the door. “The landlady must’ve come through this morning. But you are right, I like a clean house.” He took off his tall-crowned felt hat and set it on his desk. “Saturday morning chores to swab my decks are not out of the question.”

“You sound like a sailor.” She took a full circle about the sitting room. “Papa likes a clean warehouse, but some of his workers don’t seem to know what clean is. This is very nice,” she said in a tone that reeked of is-this-it? before she sat on his sofa.

“I’m a simple man. I live within my means.”

Ester stood and came toward him. “This isn’t my father’s house. I didn’t marry him or the rich man he hand-picked.” She put a hand to Arthur’s cheek. “I could learn to be happy here. I like clean and honest, too. I like safe more.”

“Safe is fine. But risk made you jump out a window and into my arms. Taking a risk made me come to Nineteen Fournier to catch you. Taking a risk can be worthy.”

Her bright topaz eyes were light and filled with hope among the ribbon flecks of gold. “You are worthy.”

If he could dip into those molten pools and come out dripping of virtue, he would, for he wanted to be what she saw. He kissed her palm. “You believe I can make you happy?”

“You already do.”

She tugged him to a chair and stood upon it. They were now eye to eye. “I’m happy, Bex.” With arms about his neck, she kissed his jaw. “Bex, I know you want to go to the rally tonight, but we just made it here. I want you home and safe. Is that too much to ask on our first night in Cheapside?”

Her lips went to his, and she kissed him. Soft, tentative, encouraging. “Choose me, Bex. Let’s begin our life tonight.”

Arthur slipped off her shawl and stepped closer to the little woman, fingering the lace and buttons that separated them. He wanted his wife. He wanted to love and care for her. With his blood pumping faster, swooshing in his ears, he needed to draw near the woman who had risked everything for him.

But the rally needed him, too.

He broke from her kiss and sat his chin on her head. “Ester, this rally is of my making. I have to go.”

“You’ve birthed it, Bex, but it can happen without you.”

It could. The rally might have other foot soldiers that could lead the movement forward.

“But what if it fails, Ester? How do I look at myself in the mirror, knowing I could have helped but didn’t?”

“Don’t go, Bex.”

His neck bathed in sweat, he took a step away from the chair. “Ester, my mind won’t be with you tonight. It’ll be out on that field. I’ll be thinking of the words that need to be said to make those in power understand. To sway the ambivalent to action”

“Why does it have to be you? Why you, Bex?”

He should just tell her. Maybe if she knew of how his testimony had made a difference and had given justice to those who’d died, she’d understand. Maybe she’d understand the guilt he bore at being on his uncle’s ship for six years and not wanting to recognize that his cargo wasn’t crates, but men. “Ester—”

“You could be hurt. Bex, I need you.”

He needed her, too. But if he told her the truth, she’d think him a liar, like her father. He’d rather be a risk-taker than a deceitful lout who should’ve told her something so vital before they wed.

She tugged on his shoulders and pulled him closer, again eye-to-eye. “I want you to choose me. I chose you over my parents, Bex. I need you to choose me over these dangerous rallies. I must have you here, snoring in my arms.”

Big topaz irises sated with passions enchanted Arthur, for Ester wasn’t talking about merely sleeping. He knew it, and his mouth salivated. His fingers tingled at the thought of tucking his arms about her and finally claiming every bit of her, every inch of olive skin. She’d be all his, once and for all.

Ester was that one person to recommend and love him. Wasn’t that what Arthur always wanted? If he stayed, wouldn’t he have that?

“Please, Bex. Don’t go.”

If he kissed her now, he’d not make it to the rally. She’d be in his arms. He’d be unwrapping her from the carriage dress and tasting her goodness—all night, until dawn broke through yonder glass. Ester was his sun, his bright moon, the love he’d always wanted.

The woman he loved.

Perhaps her love would smother the screams that met him in the night, the unquenchable memories that tormented him—all the wrongs he hadn’t been able to right.

“Bex.” Ester clutched his lapels, wove her hands about his neck. She wasn’t shy anymore. With this kiss, bold, encompassing, heated—her intentions to keep him were explicit.

“I need you to you stay, Bex.”

But the voiceless needed him, too. He’d promised to be at the rally. He’d given his word.

“Bex?”

“A man is no better than his word. I want you to be happy. I’m committed to that.” He played with the cravat that choked his hot skin, then scooped her up and set her feet on the ground. “There’s a small closet and a chest of drawers in the bedroom. Go settle in, and I’ll retrieve something to eat.”

Before her sweet lips opened, he fled the room.

…

Ester paced in Bex’s flat. Unpacking had not taken long. Two dresses, a nightgown, and a robe made little work. Placing her bonnet and gloves upon his small chest of drawers also took no time.

The small clock on his mantle read four minutes after six. He couldn’t have gone to the rally this soon, could he? Well, he hadn’t promised that he wouldn’t. “Bex said he’d be back. He’s a man of his word.”

Saying her thoughts aloud didn’t diminish her fears of him being killed at the rally.

After she’d taken three more turns about his sofa, the door opened.

The boy Bex had called Jonesy lugged in two big buckets of steaming water. Bex was behind him with something that smelled like beefsteaks. He put the basket on the table and handed Jonesy a key. “Go clean that other thing for me.”

“Yes, Mr. Bex.” The boy took one of the buckets, turned, and ran out of the room.

Bex was up to something, but since he hadn’t gone to the rally, she didn’t care. His causes were important, but now she knew she was important to him, too. She walked over to him, reached up, and tossed her arms around him. “You didn’t go.”

Before she could stop herself, she stretched and claimed his mouth. She kissed him with all the love she had for him—not the worship she had for the actor on the stage, but true feeling for a man who stayed true.

His hands were in her hair and had unpinned the braid of her chignon. Wild spirals probably bloomed like flower petals raining down on her shoulders. She wanted to stop and pin up her tresses, but this was truly her, and he needed to see it.

Still kissing her, he picked her up in his arms and started toward the bedchamber.

It was time to be his wife wholly. Her hands clawed into his cravat. She wanted to be close to him like they were at night.

But he stopped moving and set her slippers on the ground. “Ester.” His voice was husky. He pulled both her hands to his chest. “Ester,” he said again, panting. “I’ve a surprise for you.” He laced his fingers with hers.

She didn’t want a surprise. She wanted Bex, but how could she say such a thing?

Cheeks on fire, she let him lead her.

When he reached the flat’s door, she panicked. “My hair’s not up. I’m not fit to be in public.”

He kissed her ear. “Listen to me. You’re beautiful, every inch of you, from the soles of your feet to the crown of your head. I ache to behold all of you, but not until everything is perfect.”

“It is now. You stayed.”

“Come with me.” His arm was about her waist, her feet barely touched the ground—partly from the strength of his arms, partly from floating on love. “Bex?”

“Shhh.” He blew the sound over her lips and brought her to a door at the end of the hall.

Jonesy came out even before he knocked. “All clean, Mr. Bex.”

“Good, go get the other bucket, Jonesy.”

As the boy left, her husband opened the door. The white room was small but in the center was a glistening metal tub. A pile of snow white towels sat close by and a fresh bar of lilac soap. The scent of it was sweet. “Bex, you did this—”

Jonesy came back with the bucket sloshing and dumped the hot water into the tub. “Anything else, Mr. Bex, Mrs. Bex?”

“No,” Bex said and pulled a coin from his pocket.

“You’re a good tipper, Mr. Bex.” The lad seemed to skip from the room.

Her husband pushed the door closed and clicked the lock. Before she could thank him, he had her in his arms, kissing her, unbuttoning her buttons, whispering her name against the pulsing vein along her neck.

When her carriage dress hit the ground, she couldn’t breathe. She was alone in a chemise and corset with the man she loved.

His hand wandered the length of her, and she stood up tall. She trusted him. This was the beginning of a communion between them, of how things should be, the mystery of a husband and wife.

Loosening the lacings of her corset, his fingers smoothed her skin. He stood back and gazed at her, but Ester wasn’t afraid anymore, for she was his and he was hers. “You’re beautiful.”

He took a step back and folded his hands behind his back. “I need to remember how hopeful you look.” A loud sigh fled his nostrils. “You’re first in this clean tub, Ester. First. You deserve to always be first. He scooped up her dress. Take a long soaking bath. I know how you love them. Get good and wrinkly and enjoy the water and know how I wish to kiss you everywhere.”

She breathed hard, but he had the fortitude to part from her now, and that built the anticipation of what was to come.

At the door, he turned. “When you are done, knock three times. When you hear the same repeated, know that it’s me, and I’ve come to take you to our wedding bed. Not as friends or roommates, but as man and wife. A man very infatuated with his beautiful wife. Soak a long time and think of me.”

He stepped outside. “Lock the door, Ester, and enjoy.”

Her pulse raced as she turned the lock.

“Take your time. You’re worth the wait.” His steps disappeared, and she stayed by the door a few moments until all was silent in the hall.

Turning to the metal tub, she looked at the hot water condensing moisture on the sides. She moved to it, and her eyes felt moist. Stirring the clean, hot water, she fought the tears wetting her cheeks. Bex did this. He must love her. Lordy, how did I get so lucky, so blessed?

She brushed at her face and inhaled the lilac soap. Bex knew what a hot bath meant to her, what this night would mean to them. Giddy, she took off her chemise and corset and climbed into the warm water.

The bath was hot, permeating her tired muscles. She let the water, the clean water, baptize her arms and legs. The dirt and sweat of their travels melted away in the suds.

She lay against the side of the tub. The copper had taken on some of the heat of the water and it felt so good against her back. Her husband had done this for her.

Ester was so in love with Bex that she was frightened. Did he love her like this—so much so that the strength of it shook him to the core of his soul?

He hadn’t said the words, but the bath and prioritizing her over a rally that could get him injured or killed—was that the deepest love?

Maybe she should find out.

But what if she wasn’t perfect like he said? What if he looked at her, short and busty and brown, and wasn’t pleased?

With her palm, she cupped water and drizzled it down her neck. It felt so good, heating her spine with courage. Bex said that he wanted her as his wife. He’d never lied to her or made her feel as if his word couldn’t be trusted. She needed to stop being afraid.

Though he wanted her to take a long bath, she couldn’t. She was ready to be loved. She was ready to commit everything to him, and that meant now, not an hour from now.

Leaping out of the tub, she toweled off. Arms and head through the chemise, she tugged on the muslin. She scooped up her corset but didn’t put it on. The boned linen garment was just another thing separating her from the man she loved.

She giggled. She loved Bex, the man, her husband, and he’d have all of her to cherish, the short height, all brown and busty, everything.

Against the door she laid her head, barely able to catch her breath. She loved him.

Forming a fist, she knocked on the door three times like he’d asked.

One-two-three, the reply sounded, and her heart echoed with the same force.

The door opened, and she scrambled behind a big towel.

It wasn’t Bex, but Jonesy, grinning as he stood there. “Mr. Bex said to make sure you made it back to his rooms.

Raking a hand through her hair, she followed. Maybe he had expected her to dwell longer. The way she went on about the importance of a bath, he surely thought he had time to review his lines.

Jonesy opened the door.

“Bex. Bex,” she said as she ducked inside, through the empty sitting room and into the empty bedchamber. Her carriage dress was folded on a chair. It had been put there with care and forethought. Hope still lived. She pulled on her robe. “Jonesy, did Mr. Bex go run an errand?”

“No, ma’am. He went to the rally.” He put his hands to his mouth. “Don’t tell him I told. Not supposed to tell.”

The rally.

The dangerous rally.

She couldn’t breathe. He’d be killed, without knowing of her love. And she’d be alone with no Bex and no parents.

“Mrs. Bex? You look faint. You sick?”

Ester put a hand to her head and sank onto the sofa. “Jonesy, I won’t tell.” Her voice sounded reasonable and calm, though she seethed inside. But maybe she could save Bex. “Can you get me a jarvey? I’ll be ready in less than a minute.”

Jonesy scurried out the door, and Ester started to braid and pin her hair. It was all she could do to keep from exploding. She wasn’t a couch woman, or a sofa girl. She wasn’t ready to play the part of an unconcerned wife, a woman tricked by a deceitful man.





Chapter Seventeen

Rally to Danger

The jarvey let Ester out at the Duke of Simone’s residence in Mayfair. With her prim bonnet and smooth gloves, she hoped she looked calm and elegant, but how could she? Her heavy silk carriage dress was wrinkled, her hair was only partially tamed.

Oh, and her heart was breaking.

Bex had deceived her. He had used a bath, her special treasure, to trick her. She swiped at her brow, rubbing away the perspiration of fury. He had put himself at risk. She didn’t even know where to go to protect him. The man could die of violence from the rally. How could he do this to her?

When the butler asked who called upon Frederica Burghley, she offered the name, Ester Croome. The man should recognize her as much as she visited, but the butler was stodgy, conforming to rules. Those unwritten rules, such as: do not fool your wife, don’t hurt your mama.

“Wait here. I’ll go see if Miss Burghley is taking visitors.

If Frederica were home, she’d help. Ester fidgeted, but her bold friend would know what to do.

The man came back down the long hall of polished mahogany floors and detailed, gilded trimmings. His shiny, powder-blue livery held nothing to Clancy’s uniform. “Follow me, Miss Croome.”

Musical scales filtered to her, happy loving tunes, but Ester grieved too much to be moved. She focused on her slippers, which now appeared worn and old. Nothing like a fairy princess, as they had looked a week ago.

The butler escorted her inside to the music room, where Frederica practiced her pianoforte. The man held open the door, and Ester went inside.

Frederica lifted her spry head. The music stopped. She stood up from the polished chestnut instrument and floated to Ester in an emerald silk gown with epaulette braiding about the sleeves, a dress Ester had designed.

“If you are going out, Miss Burghley…I’ll…”

Her friend was at her side, holding her up as the tears fell. “Templeton,” she said, “bring some tea and a hair brush.”

The man looked at her as if she’d lost her mind.

Ester surely had.

The grandfather clock moaned thirty after seven, and she trembled. Bex could be dying from an angry mob, and she didn’t know where or how to save him.

Helping Ester to the sofa, Frederica sat beside her. She gathered her in her arms and just rocked her. “When you’re ready, tell me what happened. And who I have to bribe to go beat the tar out of Bex. Lousy actor. I should’ve told him so. How dare an actor answer my advertisement.”

Shaking her head, Ester wiped her eyes. “He’s a great actor, but I don’t know where he is.”

Frederica smoothed her hands on the velvety nape of the indigo sofa. “Tell me what has happened. Did you marry? Did your parents stop you? Are you sure I don’t need to have someone beat the tar out of him?”

Though, she didn’t know about the last one; maybe a good shaking was all that he needed, Ester waved her hand. “Slow down. I’ll tell you everything. Yes, Bex and I married. Yes, my parents caught us. They are the ones who insisted we go through with it, then they disowned me.”

Her brow crinkling with questions, Frederica popped up. “You’re married, so you successfully eloped. Your parents were there? I don’t see the problem. Was Bex mean to you? Was he violent? Do I need to tell my father?”

“Frederica, you’re not listening. Oh, why doesn’t Theodosia live in town, not hours away. She’s easier to talk to about these things.”

Frederica’s lips turned down like she’d bitten beetroot or a turnip. “Our friend doesn’t need to be upset right now.”

“Why?”

She waved her hand across her mouth as if she’d given away a secret. “I’ll tell you later, but first tell me very clearly and precisely what has happened.”

“Bex and I married. He’s kind and funny and never laid a hand on me except to kiss me. He’s dreamy at it. The best kisser, all I could want, but he doesn’t understand the danger he faces. There’s a reporter who wants to destroy him, and tonight he’s attending a rally.”

Folding her lean fingers together, Frederica said nothing for at least a minute. “You came here looking like a drowned rat not because he left you, or was mean to you, but because he went to a rally. Hmmm. A man given to speeches went to a rally. Shocking.”

“You don’t understand. He can be hurt tonight, and no will be there to help him. I’m not there to protect him.”

Frederica went back to her pianoforte. She flexed her fingers and plunked at the keys, doing her scales higher and higher. “Perhaps you should go there.”

Ester put her hands on her head, squashing her bonnet and making more of her shaggy chignon sputter out. She didn’t care. Concern for Bex’s safety had her near tears. “I don’t know where there is. I came here because I didn’t know what else to do. I thought you could help me reason. Maybe I should’ve stayed in Cheapside.”

“You live in Cheapside now?” Frederica made a harsh bang at the keyboard. “I don’t know if that is an elevation. Nineteen Fournier is a palace in comparison. Ester, you came here because you want action. You want Bex. Let’s go to the rally and find him. It’s at the Serpentine at Hyde Park.”

Shocked, Ester raised her head to the coffered ceiling. “How do you know this?”

“An old friend of my father’s. He’s an earl. I met with him today because the duke asked me to. The rally was all he could talk about.” Frowning deeply, she shook her head. “I think he thought that attending the abolition rally would impress me, since I am mulatto with a Blackamoor mother.” She plunked another horrid note that haunted and rang with finality. “Abolition is a worthy cause, but why not talk to me about poetry and dancing, something light and fun, like I’m a potential match or a friend. The earl won’t do. I’ll have to place another advertisement. I’m trying not to fret, but I’m running out of time to find a husband.”

Walking to the piano, Ester smiled at Frederica. She put a palm to her shoulder. “You will find the perfect respondent to your advertisement. It will happen. You’re meant to be happy.”

Her friend started playing again. This time it was a bittersweet melody. “Father is dining with Miss Stevens again. An engagement will come any day.”

“Has he said so?”

“No, but this woman is different. She’s biding her time so carefully, being nice to him and me while she measures the curtains. She’s my age, but I know she will be the mistress of this house. There will be no place for me. I won’t be happy losing my father.”

Ester sat by her side. “What if Miss Stevens makes him happy, too? What if being with her makes him feel young and alive?”

“He’s not. He’s my father. The duke should be at home drinking hot milk for his gout.”

“Frederica, that’s not fair. The heart wants what the heart wants.”

Her friend played a few more chords, her long, elegant fingers traipsing the ivory keys. “Of course, it does. So why don’t you go after what your heart wants. Bex is at the Serpentine. I could take you.”

Ester bounced up, pacing in her worn slippers across the expensive gray silk tapestry running the floor. “He should not have gone. Why can’t he be home and let me listen to him snore?”

Frederica hit an off note. “What?”

Stopping mid-step, Ester folded her arms about her. “It’s silly, but that’s how I knew my father had made it home safe when we lived above the warehouse. His snores vibrating the walls let me know he’d come home. We were still a family. I don’t even know why I’m here. I should be at Nineteen Fournier begging to be forgiven. I should admit my parents were right to shelter me and right to choose someone for me. I’ve made horrid choices.”

“If Bex isn’t at your side, you at least know he’s fighting for an important cause, not out carousing. We are lucky to be born in London, Ester. Your mother’s people are enslaved in Jamaica. I often wonder how she’s here and free.”

Those wonders should’ve been Ester’s, but she’d taken for granted so many things about her Mama and never broached the subject, too often thinking the woman delicate. Her mother was a lioness. Would she ever forgive Ester? “Mama was born in Jamaica, but her mother was kidnapped from Africa and transported on a slave ship. I think an earlier run of that horrible ship the Zhonda. She may have even had relatives that died on that ship’s last run.”

Her friend folded her arms but barely covered her trembling. “The Zhonda killed so many. That trial, I believe my father followed it so carefully, he kept the clippings. I found some documents while rifling through his papers, trying to find birthday presents.”

“Neither of us is allowed to rummage through our father’s things ever. Too many horrible secrets.”

“Yes. I don’t know if it does anything to know how big of a hypocrite the duke could be. He was an investor in the insurance company the captain of the Zhonda tried to defraud by killing his enslaved cargo. What if my mother could be related to one of the enslaved men who died? But I couldn’t ask him, Ester. Just realize how lucky we are and how hopeless life is for those that look like us but are not born in England.”

“We are lucky, Frederica. I didn’t value what we have. I admire the fight in Bex, but I want him safe, too. I don’t want the fight for abolition to cost his life. What if he’s killed and nothing changes? Then what?”

Frederica lifted from the pianoforte and wrapped her in a big embrace. “It’s the fight that he wants, but he also wants you. You love him, right?”

Ester did—more than she thought possible. That was why she was so furious he would risk his life, their happiness, and leave without telling her.

A sharp knock announced Templeton’s return to the room. He entered bearing a large tray. In the middle was a setting of tea and a silver hairbrush. He set it down on the low table in front of the sofa. “Your items, Miss Burghley.”

Frederica came to him, the short emerald train of her gown swishing at her low heels. She picked up the hairbrush and waved it like a wand. “Templeton, draw the carriage around. We have an emergency.”

The man looked at them beneath his spectacles. “It’s late, ma’am. Are you sure?”

“Yes, Templeton, I am. Please hurry.”

He made a stiff bow, maybe an inch with his chin, and then he backed from the room.

“The man isn’t happy. He’s no Clancy. Frederica, are you sure you want to be mistress here?”

Her friend picked up the brush and started undoing and unpinning Ester’s poor braid. “Templeton will do what I ask. That is why the duke pays him so well. He’s a gruff servant, but this is my home. This is all I know.” She sighed. The notes weren’t light. They were dull, and hollow, and Ester’s heart broke for her, but she was in no position to prove that happy endings were possible, not with Bex in danger.

With another few twists, Frederica had Ester’s hair in order. She wouldn’t look disgraceful chasing after her husband.

“Ester, we’ll be on our way so you can claim your husband and take him home.”

“If he’ll come home. But how will he make amends? He distracted me so he could go do this. It was deceitful. I can’t stand lies.”

“Did he tell you he was not going, but went anyway?”

“No, Bex didn’t say he wasn’t going. He just made me believe he would stay with me.” He gave her the treasure of a hot bath, with clean water and fresh soap. The perfect gift—an illusion like her dream of a wonderful marriage. “I don’t know if I can forgive him.”

“Ester, if that were true, you’d have gone home to the Croomes. You’re in love with a man, one who knows his own mind. You can’t control that, any more than I can control my father. If Bex wants you, he’ll come home, but let’s show him the way.”

Wanting to nod, Ester looked out the window and waited for the sound of the carriage. They had to get to Bex before he was hurt. And before she’d fully committed to this marriage, he’d have to promise to take none of these risks again.

Ester dropped her face into her palms. She didn’t have much hope. Her heart was his, and he’d already risked breaking it.

…

The crowds at the Serpentine grew thick, gathering around the sand and the partially dried lake bed. Arthur had butterflies in his stomach. It would be his turn to speak soon, and he hadn’t written or practiced anything. How was he to speak his mind, when it was focused on Ester?

Ester.

Delicious kisses.

Welcoming arms.

All ruined by his deception.

Arthur had tricked her. He hadn’t lied but he’d made her a bath, made her comfortable, then left her alone. He shook his head. It was well past eight. She wasn’t still soaking in the tub. She had to know he’d left. A groan left his lips. The woman deserved to be the center of his world, and he’d deceived her. How would she ever trust him?

He was horrible. How would she ever be the woman to defend and believe in him, if she never trusted him? Tonight, he’d tell her everything and beg for one more chance.

No secrets would be between them, but she would have to understand his fight. Was that too much to hope for, to have understanding, trust and support?

The noise of the crowds whipped up again.

Arthur looked up and saw the rail-thin Wilberforce take to the bench that the organizers had made into an impromptu stage. With hands to his dark coat, he lifted his head, staring toward the growing crowd, the fire torches of the organizers. “Gentlemen, this stain on our hands, enslavement, it does not go away because it is an ocean away. This blot must be removed. The road to change is fraught, but let us not despair. Abolition is a blessed cause, and success will crown our exertions.”

A rumble swept the crowd as a fight broke out. A few men who looked thick, like Bow Street Runners, pulled the troublemakers apart.

Wilberforce raised his arms, capturing the onlookers, directing them to listen. “We have gained one victory; we have obtained, for these poor creatures, the enslaved, the recognition of their human nature, which we have shamefully denied. This is the first fruits of our efforts; let us persevere. Our triumph will be complete.”

The crowd howled as he stepped down. His footing looked less sure than it had in past years. The black armband engulfing his arm made him seem fragile, but how could a powerhouse for change be anything but strong? The man came over to Arthur and shook his hand. “The fight needs more young voices.”

He clung to the grip for a moment, as if it were a baton from an Olympian run. “Even an actor, sir?”

Wilberforce put a palm to Arthur’s shoulder. “Only a loud voice is heard over the noise. Don’t stop until this stain is no more. You know, Parliament can use loud voices, too.”

Arthur nodded. Parliament wasn’t for him. Too much scrutiny. He barely stayed above the likes of Phineas now.

Speaking of the reporter, the pest was off to the side. He fanned himself in the still air with the flyer created by the artist Wedgwood. The medallion printed on it was the dark outline of an enslaved man encircled with the words, Am I not a man and a brother. It pricked Arthur’s conscience. The plight shouldn’t be reduced to a throwaway.

Am I not a man and a brother? If only Arthur’s uncle had realized that. He’d never have murdered fifty men. He wouldn’t have been hanged for it, and he could’ve remained Arthur’s doting uncle, someone to admire.

A man shoved Phineas and the flyer fell from his hands.

Arthur bent down and scooped it up like it was a script. The paper, the image of the man, stirred words in his chest. Arthur leaped onto the bench.

“Brothers…”

“Yes, let’s listen to the actor,” Phineas said. “He married today. Bex, is the little wife about?”

“Brothers…” Arthur paused as he witnessed Ester and her friend coming toward the crowd on the same side as the reporter. They were easy to pick out, the only faces of color, the only women in the mix.

Ester’s arms were folded across her chest.

Arthur could tell she was fuming by her stiff stance. He didn’t know how to fix that or what to say to inspire the men of the rally.

“Choke.” Phineas roused a few to start the chant.

“Choke. Choke. Choke.”

Their incantation worked. Arthur’s throat closed up. The muscles tightening, until everything became locked inside.

“These men came to hear a message, but the actor can’t deliver. Tell them about the wife, Bex. That’ll calm things down.”

The taunts, the threats to Ester worked. Arthur pivoted to step down, but he saw Ester with her hand to her mouth. A few paces behind Phineas, she looked so nervous, so scared for him.

Arthur had put her in this position. He should have known she’d be rash and her fear for him would lead her here. The cause, his fight, had put her at risk. But still she was here, pulling for him.

He couldn’t let her down. He must speak to this angry crowd about what was right.

“Gentlemen.” He coughed and filled his lungs. “Gentlemen, I’ll tell you about a relationship of black and white, about love and hate. They’re the most important relationships. Right and wrong have a marriage. They need each other. They aren’t the same without the other, for how can we judge what is true without knowing the consequence of falsehoods? Neither partner is the same. Neither can replace the other. They both have a place.”

He took the flyer and waved. “If this was your brother, your father, your uncle, would you stand for the injustice? Are you not your brother’s keeper because you don’t see him in chains in London? Do you love your brother any less because you are here, and he’s in Jamaica or South Africa?”

Pointing at the flyer, he let his voice boom. “This man on the flyer asks a simple question. One that is as clear as black and white. Is he a man? Yes.”

Arthur’s voice grew in power, and he glanced at Ester as if she were the only one in the audience at Covent Garden. “Yes, he is a man. For he loves like you and me, he’ll bleed for what he believes in, like you and me. This man will lay down his life for the lover of his soul—just like you or me. I’ll lay down my life for what is true, for the lover of my soul.”

Ester began to clap but her friend grabbed her hands.

His wife heard him. Maybe she understood.

Arthur shook the poster again. “He’s your brother. Enslavement is our problem, even if we don’t own slaves. It’s the scandal of our lifetime, the stain on our humanity. You must press. You must push. You must do what you can to right the wrongs. For at the end of your life, you will give an account. Let abolition or indifference not be your haunting shame.”

He felt the hiss of the bullet even before it struck the paper. Where it came from he didn’t know but he knew the crowd would descend into chaos. He leaped down as another shot was fired.

He lunged past Phineas to Ester and her friend and surrounded them in his arms. He pushed them back until they were behind a tree.

Out the corner of his eye he saw a gun leveled in their direction. The bullet would hit Phineas. He stood to warn him, but Ester held his coat.

“No, Bex.”

“Not when I can help.”

Arthur started running. The hate he had for Phineas fled to the back of his mind. He was a brother to be saved. In a running leap, he jumped as the gun fired, and knocked Phineas to the ground. The bullet whizzed past.

The crowd swarmed the fellow shooting. Chaos engulfed the Serpentine.

Phineas jumped up and offered a hand to Arthur. “Bex. You saved my life.”

Breathing hard, Arthur stood on his own, brushing sand from his coat. Then he headed back to Ester.

Phineas caught his arm, the one that still smarted. “Bex, I said thank you.”

“I heard. Use your power for good, Phineas. That’s how you can thank me.” He trudged away toward the women.

He lifted them from huddling behind the tree. “Miss Burghley, where’s your carriage? I am going to make sure you are safely on your way before I take my wife home.

Miss Burghley nodded. “This way.” Her eyes were big as saucers, bigger than Ester’s.

He put his wife’s palm on his arm, but she pulled away. “No. I’ll go with Miss Burghley.”

This was the first time she’d ever done that. Her jaw was tight, her posture stiff. She was furious. “You’re safe. That’s all I wanted, Bex.”

“No, Ester, you’re coming with me. There is much to say.”

He kept both women close until they found Miss Burghley’s carriage. Helping her inside, he sent her away.

Now just his wife remained. He wasn’t letting her go, not until they talked.

When they walked to his phaeton, he set her atop and climbed beside her. “I know you are angry. Let me explain.”

“No, Take me home, Bex.”

“I am, Ester. At Cheapside we’ll discuss everything, even things I’ve never said.”

“No, Bex. Take me to Nineteen Fournier. It’s time to end the charade. We’ve failed.” She folded her arms. “No, you failed because you couldn’t trust me enough to tell the truth of where you went tonight.”

Her words kicked him in the stomach, but he wouldn’t argue with her until they left Hyde Park and were as far from the Serpentine as possible.

Yet, he could not lose hope. Ester had started to clap for him. Surely, she felt the importance of his message, and if he told her why it was his fight, everything of his uncle’s scandal, maybe he could win another chance.

Yet, the sadness in her eyes, the line stealing her soft lips, foretold that her love for him was lost. No. That couldn’t be. He’d fight for her love. He’d make her understand.





Chapter Eighteen

The Fiery Inferno

A weave of ebony and smoky purple seemed to blot out the stars the farther they drove from Hyde Park. Ester was furious, her arms folded, and she wished Bex would take the streets faster. The sooner she was at the door to Nineteen Fournier and begging for forgiveness, the sooner her heart would be safe.

Being with Bex wasn’t safe, not at all.

He sat next to her with his tan frock coat stained with dust, and he smelled of gunpowder. Yet, he had the audacity to look sad, his mouth drawn in a line as if he’d been hurt or deceived.

“Do you know how scared and how angry I am, Bex?”

“I have some idea, Ester.”

Turning away, she clasped her elbows.

“But I’d like to tell you everything. I don’t want to lose you, Ester.”

His voice, deep, maybe steeped with regret, vibrated through her. The ache in her chest became greater with images of that bullet whipping by him. It repeated in her head. “I can’t live like this, not knowing when you’ll lie to me just to put yourself in harm’s way.

Bex slowed the carriage when they came close to the Thames and more stars disappeared, making the brightness of the gaslights more prominent. Something would guide her home, for love wasn’t enough.

“I was wrong to deceive you. I should’ve just told where I was going, but I didn’t want to disappoint you when I said I had to go to the rally. I had to, Ester. Forgive me.”

“No. Take me to Nineteen Fournier. You left me before. I’m leaving you now.”

“There’s nothing I can say that would make a difference? How much I care, how I wish to make amends. You don’t want to hear that?”

She stared at him and his fists clenched about the reins. How could he be angry when he was at fault? “I commend your ruthlessness, Bex, but how long did you think I was going to bathe? It’s well past ten. I think I’d be a prune waiting for you. Do you know what it felt like to go from feeling loved to being tricked? Why did you trick me?”

“I know. I know. I thought I was giving you a perfect moment, a bath fit for a queen. My queen. I know you, Ester. I know how baths make you happy.”

She wanted to cry and throw things at him. “That’s why it hurt so much. You used something I treasure as a ploy, just so you could sneak away.”

“Yes. It was wrong. So wrong. If it hadn’t been for the rally, the rally that I called for the day I met you, I would have stayed with you. And we would have consummated this marriage. For what it’s worth, I approve of the lengths that you will go to keep me home.”

Her breath went away. His jest ripped right through her. “How can you joke about this? Before you surprised me with the bath, just seeing you come back through the door had taken away all my doubts. I wanted to be everything for you, Bex. I thought you had chosen me above your rally. I wanted you so much in that moment.”

He rubbed at his face. “Don’t you know how I burn for you? It killed me to leave, but I had to do what was right. They needed my voice at the rally.”

“I needed you.” She dropped her face into her palm. “But you want me pacing, wondering if you’ll come home. I’ve done that for years, waiting to see if Papa would come home. Now you want to sentence me to the same purgatory, hoping some fool never shoots you at a rally. You, Bex, want me pleading on my knees, praying you aren’t trampled by a mob.”

“Ester, I need you, but the cause needs me, too.”

She wanted to stand up and leap off the gig to be away from his voice of lies. “You didn’t have to go. Mr. Wilberforce was there. He could’ve led the rally. You’re good, but he’s the man who championed the law banning slavery in England.”

Bex reached for her. “I know you are angry, but I have to be a part of this fight for abolition. The cause, this righteous cause, needs new soldiers. We can’t depend upon others. We have to fight.”

“It wasn’t we. It was you.”

He took off his felt hat and fanned his face, which had reddened. “It had to be me, alone. You shouldn’t have been there. You and Miss Burleigh were the only women to attend. It was a men’s rally. You could’ve been shot, or targeted, or worse. That shooter doesn’t want change. He’ll take his anger out on you, because of your sex or because you are Blackamoor.”

“Then maybe you’d feel a tenth of what I did, my heart ripping in my chest at seeing the bullet fly through your paper. A few more inches and you’d be gone. What would I do then?”

“Go home to your parents, like you are doing now. Nineteen Fournier is where you want to live, instead of staying with me.” He lowered his tone. “I know there’s danger. I’ve seen it. But I know what happens if you say nothing. If I don’t try to stop evil.”

“Bex, what are you talking about?”

He tossed his hat to the bottom of the gig and raised his eyes to the sky. “I’ve been afraid to lose you if you knew the horrible truth. But you must know. I can’t keep this from you, not anymore.”

Was the actor being overly dramatic? Or was there a dark secret that kept her love from reaching him? “Tell me.”

His neck craned upward. He picked up the reins and started the phaeton. “No. God. No.”

What? She turned to see what had captured his attention.

Her heart stopped.

A plume of smoke billowed from the top of the building. Papa’s warehouse.

The place the Croomes owned, used to live above, was in flames.

Bex stopped the phaeton in front and jumped from the phaeton. “There are people inside. I hear their screams.”

She heard it, too, and they’d parked behind Papa’s big carriage.

Before she could say anything, Bex had run straight for the warehouse door. He aided other men trying to get it open.

“Bex!” Ester went as close to her husband as she could. “My father’s in there.”

Bex turned to her. His face was grim, nothing lit his eyes, just the reflection of the fire. “It’s jammed. A beam may have fallen. Stand back.”

As if he had superhuman strength, he started to ram the door. With the same shoulder he’d hurt on their trip, he hit the doorframe until it began to creak. Others joined in.

The door began to yield.

“Stand back, Ester. I’ll get him.”

Paralyzed in fear, she couldn’t move away. Her father was in there. His workers were in there. Her childhood home was consumed in flames.

Bex and the men finally broke through. A cloud of black smoke poured out, and the heat, the heat, singed the air about her.

Powerful arms wrapped around her and carried her to the phaeton. “Stay this time, Ester.”

Before she could cry, plead, or mumble, Bex ran inside as men, coughing, fighting for air, staggered out.

Neighbors started coming with buckets of water. Everyone seemed to want to help, but she just sat there, hoping Papa and Bex would be well.

Minutes passed.

Nothing. Hungry scarlet flames danced on the roof. She jumped down again and went halfway. The opening billowed. Nothing could be seen in the black smoke.

Then Bex came out.

His face and coat were covered in ash, but he dragged Papa with him.

Her father’s grooms, the men he paid, reached them at the same time she did.

Bex laid Papa on the ground. She hugged her father’s neck, but part of his face had been burned. Red scars covered his jet countenance.

Papa said nothing, but he gripped Bex’s hand.

“Sir, I’m going back for that last man.”

“No,” Papa said, struggling to breathe. “He dead…already.”

Bex turned and went back to the opening. “Got to save ’em. Won’t let them kill him.”

“Bex, wait!” she called to him. “It’s too dangerous.”

His face was blank, ghostly. “Not another man can be lost. No more being tossed overboard.”

He charged back in.

She rose to go after him, but her father grabbed her arm. He coughed and coughed but still had a bear’s strength in his palm. “Too dangerous, girl.”

A doctor-looking man had started poking at Papa when Phineas the reporter showed up. “Where’s Bex?”

“Don’t be useless. The man who saved your life tonight keeps going back into the burning building.”

Phineas jumped down from his horse and tossed the reins through the phaeton’s big wheel. “He saved me. I’ll save him.”

The man charged into the structure that was spewing ebony smoke. A window exploded, showering glass like snow.

The flames belched with a new explosion on the roof. The rooms upstairs collapsed, taking her old home. Now the fire would take her husband.

Why hadn’t she told Bex she loved him?

Why was the man so determined to get himself killed? She looked at Papa, the doctor ripping away his fine coat to get to the burns on his arms and chest.

Bex had saved Phineas and Papa, two men who hated him. Two men Bex felt were his brothers.

The scent of ash closed in upon her. Nausea burned her throat. She’d lost Bex, for how would he be lucky enough to make it out a second time?

…

Arthur yanked his cravat off and covered his nose. The thick, heavy smoke made it difficult to breathe. He heard someone calling him his nickname. Telling him to get out of the hull. He couldn’t heed. No one could be lost. Not one.

“Bex, get out of here! Anybody left in here is dead.”

The voice wasn’t Uncle Bexeley. It had to be one of his murderous crew members. “There are men to save. Men are not cargo or ballast. Men! Tell Bexeley he’s wrong. Tell my uncle, he’s wrong.”

“Bexeley? Who is that, Bex?”

Arthur moved from the ghost voice and fought deeper into the flames. He saw a figure on the floor. “See, there’s one you haven’t tossed away. I’ll save him.”

Dropping to his knees, Arthur crawled to where a beam had fallen and pinned the man. Arthur pushed, his fingers circling the crumbling girth of the wood. The sky moaned above, dropping wood around him.

“Bex, you’re going to take the rest of this roof off if you move that beam.” The ghost touched the imprisoned man’s neck. “He’s dead, Bex. It’s too late.”

Choking on the air, Arthur couldn’t quit. “Get up, man. I won’t let them toss you away. Get up.”

The ghost clawed at the man’s sleeve until his dark wrist showed. “See, Bex. There’s no pulse.”

“I just have to get this beam from him. Can’t you see it’s chaining him in place?” Arthur lifted with all his might, but he couldn’t get the beam free.

Someone caught him by the coat. “Bex, the place is about to fall in. That man is already lost.”

They’d killed another one.

Another man had died, and Arthur couldn’t stop it. He couldn’t breathe. He coughed on foul air and drowned in the sense of loss.

Phineas shook Bex hard. He was the ghost following him. “Come out of it, man. You’re in shock.”

“Not on the Zhonda.”

He shook Arthur again. “You’re playing a role, or you’ve hit your head. You’re not on a boat. You’re at the warehouse on the Lower Thames.”

Angered, he punched at Phineas. “It’s a trick. You’ll say anything. But I saw the cargo hull. I saw the men chained in there. I won’t let you kill any more.”

Arthur turned back to the fallen man pinned by debris. He clawed at the beam. Char broke free and flaked in his hands.

“Bex, you have to go.” This new voice sounded loud and strong behind him. Not a ghost. A woman’s cry. It wound its way to his heart and made it beat faster. “But the men?”

“Bex. I love you. I’ll die with you, then. If I can’t convince you to come out, then I won’t go, either. It’s Ester, Bex. Whatever dark place you are, come back to me. You never wanted me hurt. Save me, save you.”

Arthur came to himself. His wife was in danger. “Save you, Ester?” He scooped her up in his arms.

Phineas yanked on his sleeve. “This way, Bex. The whole place is going to fall any minute.”

It was the reporter, the one who’d been a pest, the one whose life he’d saved at the park. He wanted to turn back, but there was nothing but flames, the stench of choking death coming to take Ester. Arthur had to trust his enemy to get his wife to safety. He trudged forward.

Ester’s coughing became worse, but she clung to his neck.

The heat. The smell of sulfur and burning flesh almost overtook him before seeing the light. They made it to the doorway.

He set Ester’s feet down but turned back to the flames.

She put her hands about his waist and held him. “I can’t lose you, Arthur Bex. I can’t lose you. You want to save others. Sometimes, you have to save yourself. Papa won’t let his grooms leave, not until he knows you’ve come out.”

Bex looked at the man stretched out on the sidewalk and Phineas waving him forward.

Coughing, he took a step over the threshold and then another.

“Come on, Bex.”

Heart beating fast. The smoke swirling about his eyes. His fingers slacked away from hers.

The warehouse collapsed, sending fumes to suffocate him. He dropped to his knees looking for the sky. Air couldn’t get to him and smoke filled his lungs.

Arthur fell flat on the sidewalk.





Chapter Nineteen

Saving All My Love

Ester soaked in the deep copper tub. She was home in Nineteen Fournier, at her parent’s house, in the bathing chamber upstairs. The acanthus carving in the upper molding had been finished, as if to say, Welcome home, conquering hero.

But Ester was no hero.

She was a lucky fool who’d almost lost the two most important men in her life, two men she’d held in bondage, not forgiving them for things that didn’t matter.

She pushed at the water; the lilac soap wafted about her, relaxing her taut muscles, but her fears wouldn’t quit. Papa grew worse, his speech had become more difficult by the time they’d put him in his carriage, and her husband hadn’t yet awakened.

They’d cut away Bex’s shirt, cleaned a wound to his shoulder, and he’d just lain there, motionless.

She had sat with him as long as she could in the guest bedchamber before Mama and the doctor kicked her out, fearing she’d faint from fretting. Bex wasn’t a pale man. His skin was swarthy and tanned from the sun, but now he was so gray. He must’ve breathed in so much smoke, too much smoke.

Ester lay her head back and let the warmth of the metal work on the knots in her shoulders. Mrs. Fitterwall had made the water extra hot. That was good. The steam could hide the path of her tears.

The door to the room opened. Ester ducked for a moment before remembering she was home at Nineteen Fournier, not in some shared public place.

Mama came inside. Her perfect mobcap topped her perfect curls and a sweeping pale pink robe. But Mama’s lips held an imperfect half smile, and her eyes were red like rubies.

The muscles in Ester’s stomach tightened. “Is Papa better?”

Mama shook her head. “The doctors are still with him. Seems your husband lifted a beam off him before carrying your father to safety. The beam did damage to Josiah’s hip.” Mama’s voice sounded wet with tears. “He may never walk again.”

Ester dropped her gaze to the sudsy water, for if she kept glancing at her mother she’d cry. Holding her knees, she tried to breathe evenly. “Thank you for letting me and Bex stay the night. I couldn’t handle things alone at his flat in Cheapside. I wouldn’t know what to do.”

“My, my, Cheapside.” Mama sat near and began unpinning Ester’s hair. “There’s soot in your hair. I’m sure you could handle anything. You’re strong.”

“No, I’m not. I’m a horrible failure. My marriage is a horrible failure.”

Stoic Mama snapped a tendril, and it hurt. “What? That man, Bex, may have saved your father and some of his workers, but if he’s been mean to you, I’ll fix him good while he sleeps. I’ll show you—”

“No, Bex is very sweet to me, but he takes unnecessary risks, and he refuses to tell me things he knows will upset me.”

Mama unwound the chignon but left the braid intact. “You married a man, Ester. Not a little boy to shape his mind, or a puppy to tell him what to do. That willingness to take risks saved your father.”

Ester knew that, but it still didn’t make the knots in her stomach go away. She hit at the water. Suds, sweet lilac smelling suds, landed on her nose. “Yes. For that I am grateful, but he could’ve died there or at the abolition rally.”

“It’s been in the papers for two years, the great actor’s fight for abolition. How did you miss it? Your father says you two have been sneaking about for two years. You should’ve known.” Mama put fluffy white towels from a shelf closer to the tub. “Surely, you talked of it. Or did you do other things to pass the time.”

There was tension in her mother’s voice that sounded of hurt. Ester and her mother had problems, but she needed to know the truth. Truth was everything. “Mama, the two years I told Papa was an exaggeration, to make him feel cheated as I had felt when I found those letters.”

Mama took a whole breath, maybe her first deep one since entering the room. She lifted the edge of the towel and wiped Ester’s nose. “The sneaking was a lie to punish your father more. We’ve been through this. That’s my business.”

“I know, Mama. I know that now. I’ve been watching Bex on stage for two years and loved him from afar. We didn’t meet until Theodosia’s wedding, but I was too shy to say anything to him then. We met again the day of your party. The elopement was planned then.”

Mrs. Fitterwall sailed into the room. She brought a comb and the jar of coconut oil. “Your chignon is horrid, Mrs. Bex. That won’t do. Mrs. Croome, I burned that burgundy carriage dress of hers like you asked. It was threadbare and smelled of burned tar.”

Covering up, Ester ducked further into the tub. She was tender-headed, and she dreaded the heavy-handed woman combing through her knotted tresses. Though, that would be a fitting punishment.

“I’ll do my daughter’s hair, Mrs. Fitterwall.”

Ester’s eyes went wide. She blew air out her mouth and relaxed again. Though her hair was thicker and curlier than Mama’s straight locks, Mama knew how to handle it without whipping through it as if it were a horse’s mane. “Mrs. Fitterwall, has Mr. Bex awakened? I left him with Clancy when the physicians came.”

“That’s a brave one, there. But no, no change. Just snoring away, even as we scrubbed the soot from him. That made the snores worse.” The woman offered a smile, maybe of sympathy, but those happy noises were the only reason Ester had left his side. It meant he was safe, and alive, and she could still get to him.

Mrs. Fitterwall went to the door. “The doctors gave Mr. Croome more laudanum. He’s resting more comfortably.”

Mama nodded as the housekeeper left them alone. She started undoing the braid Frederica had whipped together. “You met and convinced him to run off. Did you throw him hopes of a dowry? He’s an actor. I doubt he has much.”

“He lives comfortably, but he was in want of a wife. I came up with an idea from your papers, reading advertisements for husbands. I thought that might be a way to help my friends. They were both in need of marriages of convenience.”

“Advertisements in the paper?” Mama sighed heavily. “What of their connections, their families, their races? Was none of that a consideration? Anyone who can read could respond? And if someone figured out that Blackamoor women of means were using the papers, they could be nasty. It could be very unsafe. For one talking about avoiding risks, you certainly have allowed your friends to take them.

Ester hadn’t thought about that.

She was lucky that Bex hadn’t been vicious. He was far from it. “Frederica Burghley had been corresponding with him. They were to meet for the first time the day of your party, the day Papa announced he’d arranged for me to marry Jordan. When Frederica saw it was Bex she had been corresponding with, she gave him to me. Bex and I, more so I, cooked up the elopement.” She grabbed her Mama’s hand. “It was never meant to hurt you.”

“Meaning and doing are two different things.” Mama pushed Ester’s hand back into the water and kept working through her hair, holding the tendrils at the root to keep from tugging too hard. Mama knew how to get things done without hurting.

Ester realized that now. Her heart sank to the bottom of the wide tub, soaking up more sorrow like a sponge. “Mama, I’m so sorry.”

“I know. I am sorry, too. I should’ve let you see that I’d take care of you.” Mama continued brushing, then massaged her tresses in the soap until the scent of ash had gone away. “Let me go get some water to rinse you, then I’ll oil down to the root.”

Her mother’s footsteps faded, and Ester was alone again, with all her doubts and fears. Yes, Bex had lived through tonight’s misadventures, but could she live with him always taking such chances with his life?

Tears fell, plopping from her chin to drop into the water, and Ester wanted to blame the soap dripping from her hair, but this sob was all the thoughts in her head of how he could be hurt. Her tears kept falling, more than could be counted.

Her mother returned, carrying a yellow bundle of satin and another bottle in her hands. Mrs. Fitterwall bounced behind her with a shiny pitcher.

The housekeeper dumped the picture of warm water over Ester as Mama worked it through the curls.

“There you go, squeaky clean. Let’s get you out,” Mrs. Fitterwall said.

“Not so fast,” Mama said. “I have to oil her scalp. Ester will dry out faster than anything.”

Mrs. Fitterwall nodded and yawned. “If you don’t need anything further, ma’am, I am going to turn in.”

“I can handle Ester. You rest well. Tomorrow will be another hard day. Mr. Croome’s recovery will be long.”

The red-headed sprite yawned again. “God bless him. He’s a good employer. He’ll be a good father-in-law, so don’t be breaking his heart again.”

“That’s enough, Mrs. Fitterwall. Rest well.”

The housekeeper nodded and left the room.

“Mama, Mrs. Fitterwall is right. I hurt Papa, and I hurt you, too.”

Her mother said nothing and opened a jar of the coconut oil, a rich cream she’d made from mashing up the insides of the big nut. She rubbed it into the parted locks, baptizing her scalp in the sweet scent, then towel-dried the hair. “There, let’s get you out of this tub.”

Ester rose and stepped from the tub into the soft white towel, but more so into Mama’s arms. She clung to her, hoping the unsaid words in her soul touched her mother’s.

“Here, Ester, put lotion on your knees and ankles. You always forget.”

“Mama, will you ever forgive me for eloping? For not respecting you?”

The woman walked to the small table she’d set her bundle upon. With golden rings glistening, she undid it. “It’s amazing that you want forgiveness just for asking, yet you punished me for forgiving your father. He asked to be forgiven, his sorrow was true, and I forgave him. I believe he knew what it meant to hurt me. Funny, your Bex saved your father and his workers. Not once did he ask your father for Josiah’s sorrow in threatening to shoot a hole through him. You might learn something from Bex.”

“Mama, I—”

“Put more lotion on those ankles. Otherwise, you’ll ruin this.” Her mother held up the softest yellow nightgown. She walked back to her and helped Ester into it. Then she tied a bow under her bosom with the sash of the matching robe.

“This is beautiful. Mama, is this one of yours? Did the seamstress make it too short for you?”

“No dear. I had it made for you when we returned.”

That was after her parents had disowned her. “I don’t deserve this.”

Mama kissed her brow. “I was angry at you. But nonetheless, Ester Bex, never ever forget that you will always be Ester Croome, one of the daughters I love.”

She touched Ester’s elbow that showed beneath the puffed sleeve of the fairy-like nightgown. “You always miss your elbows—dry and ashy.”

Water streamed down Ester’s face, harder than before. The deep, ugly cry only stopped when she was in her mother’s embrace again. “You don’t mind that Bex is my choice?”

Mama’s light gold fingers gripped Ester’s olive ones. “If his hands are the one you want on you, and if those hands treat you well, then he’s my choice, too. Your husband has awakened. He asked for you. If you go to him tonight, tell him he is welcome in this home.”

Her mother went to the door and grasped the knob. “Your husband’s waking up in a strange place. The doctor said he’d uttered some strange things, but will be fine, and we’ll pray that your father will be fine, too. Good night, Ester.”

Mama left the chamber, and the soft close of the door took all of Ester’s strength. She sobbed anew. Her stomach ached at how deeply she’d wounded the woman and how great was her forgiveness. It wasn’t weakness to forgive. Maybe someday she’d be as strong as Mama. Maybe she could start now, by forgiving Bex.

She slipped into the hall. The house was quiet. A sconce flickered, but nothing else moved. The grandfather clock began to chime, bellowing up to her on the third floor. It had to be midnight.

For a second, Ester thought about going to her room—her canopied bed with the perfect pillows and satin ribbon trim—but she couldn’t hide from Bex. That’s what scared little girls did.

The clock tolled. It was after midnight. Fairy tales ended at midnight. She needed to see Bex and discover if the love she felt—that feeling that maybe he loved her, too—was still there.

…

A door shut. Arthur rolled over, smelling coconut. He just had to accept that he’d lost his mind for good this time.

“Bex?”

A match struck, chasing the sweetness away with rotten-egg sulfur.

Then the glow of a candle made his eyes blink, but he promptly sealed them. “Doctor, I’m no longer beside myself. There’s no need to be concerned.”

Soft footsteps continued, then stopped a few feet away. “Let your wife be the judge of that.”

Eyes opening fully, he sat up. “I thought that Clancy had returned to scrub on me some more, or the doctor, to see if I had my wits.” He smiled at this angel in yellow leaning against the bedpost. Her locks were free, moist, taking the shine of the candles—something to be touched. “Ester, it’s late. You should rest after the night I’ve put you through.”

“It’s after midnight, Bex. The best things happen then.”

“At least five after. I remember.” With his thoughts running wild, he coughed and lay back down, turning his head into the pillow. “How’s your father?”

“He’s in pain. Mama says the doctor has him on laudanum.”

“I’m sorry, Ester. Mr. Croome is a strong man. I’m sure he’ll recover.”

She came closer and put her hand to his cheek. “Will we recover?”

He wove his fingers between hers. “I’d like to think so. You look wonderful, like an angel.”

Her laugh was easy, unhurried, and it lingered in his ear. “Well, I had another hot bath.”

“I’m so sorry that I took something that makes you so happy and used it to deceive you.”

“I know, Bex.”

“Baths make you happy and forgiving. I’ll buy you one for your own use. I’ll even fetch the bath water.”

“Will that put Jonesy out of a job, Mr. Bex?”

Now was Arthur’s turn to laugh, but the rumble hurt his chest. “No. Someone that loyal will always be with me.”

His eyes were heavy, and it still hurt to breathe. He lifted a hand to scratch his chin and slapped himself with the bandage on his palm. Peeking at her, he saw her face blank, lines growing on her creamy forehead. “It’s not as bad as it seems. Barely hurts.”

Ester picked up his palm and cradled it to her bosom, his finger tangled in her flowing robe. Soft and smooth, the material swirled about her, like a river around her mountains of curves.

“If you’re going to tell me not to fret, that won’t work. I’m beyond fretting, Bex. I’m frightened. You could’ve been killed twice tonight.”

“I have but one life to give.”

“No lines. No Shakespeare.”

“That’s Nathan Hale, Ester.”

“You know what I mean, Bex.”

“No, Ester. No, I don’t know what you mean. I want you to call me Arthur to reflect a newfound closeness in our relationship. You still say Bex.”

“It’s the name I’ve loved since I first saw you on stage.” Sinking onto the bed, she sat beside him. “It’s just so natural to say.”

“I’m not that man. That’s an actor, Ester.”

“One who likes a clean room, one that’s stubborn and too clever for his own good.”

“Maybe you prefer the actor. His lines are scripted. He’ll always do and say what’s written on the pages.”

She put her soft lips on his knuckles before returning his hand. “I don’t want paper. I want my husband who is kind. So kind to Jonesy, to even my father, and to me.”

“It’s easy to be nice to you. You’re easy on me, Ester.”

“When you first woke up, you said some strange things. The doctor had to convince you that you weren’t on a boat. Was it a role? For when were you ever on a boat?”

She had to know. It was time. He closed his eyes again. “A long time ago. I was on a boat. My uncle’s boat.”

She kissed his cheek.

He wanted to pull away, but it was her mouth, soft and plump like a juicy pear pressing against him. It had a hold on him. He needed to tell her why he had to fight for abolition and why he almost died trying to save a dead man. “I can take critics and sneaky reporters thinking ill of me, but not you. Not now or ever.” He pulled her closer. “Ester, you’re not twenty-one.”

“That’ll be in three weeks.”

“Your parents could withdraw their consent, and we could annul this marriage.”

Her face became blank as she stepped backward. “Lie to the world? Never. My parents were there, Bex. They are the reason we married. You don’t want to be married anymore?”

“I want you, Ester.” He gazed at her, focusing on the lips he needed to claim and the waist meant for his hands to cling to. “In every sense of the word, I want you, but I’m not the man you want me to be. I cannot give up fighting for causes to secure your love. To do so makes me a bigger fraud than I already am.”

“I am in love with you, Arthur Bex. That’s no lie.”

He reached up to smooth the lines on her forehead, but she was out of reach. “Those marks will become permanent if you continue to fret. That’s a crime for someone so young, so beautiful.”

With a shake of her head, she turned to the window. She opened the curtains, letting the moonlight inside. It shadowed her, her curves, her fine neck, and rich skin. “A rose by any name is still a rose. Bex or Arthur, it is all you. I’ll practice saying Arthur. Arthur. Arthur. I know you were confused by the fire, but don’t be confused in what I am saying. I’m in love with you.”

If her logic were true, then he’d be free to love her, but it wasn’t. His past would always be looming, waiting to destroy all they built. He sighed, inhaling her lilac that remained on his fingertips. The hunger inside to be loved like she claimed overpowered all but his reason. It was good that she stood inches away, far out of his reach. He stroked his nose. “I’ll make you miserable. You’ll always be concerned that I’ll become injured or killed.”

“Maybe you are right.” She offered a yawn and started for the door.

His gut twisted, wringing with a sense of loss. He’d pushed her away. That made his insides cave in.

Then she turned at the bedpost.

She took off her robe, exposing more of herself, more of her waist, the full bosom, her thicker hips. She hung the satin on the footboard. Whipping back the heavy blanket and sheet, she climbed in the bed and laid her head beside him, against his shoulder.

Her locks smelled of coconut. Her skin was perfumed with lilac. “What are you doing?” His voice sounded hoarse, almost a toad’s croak. “In a place this big, don’t you have your own room?”

“I do, on the third floor, with a beautiful view of Fournier Street. But my place is here with my husband. I’ve one roommate, and he’s here. We’ve slept in the same bed since we wed. Will you deprive me of enjoying the heat of you? I need to hear your snores. Don’t deny me the shiver when my palm feels the rhythm of your heart.”

His shy Ester put her hand to the nightshirt he wore. The fine silk was probably one of her father’s.

“Bex, I need to hold you. I need to remind myself that you’re here and alive.”

With her pinkie, she circled his heart.

The thing beat for her like it had for no one else.

A sharp release of air left his lungs when she moved away.

With those soft lips puckered, she blew out the candle she’d lit. Then she settled onto her side of the mattress, inches away.

Coconut and lilac, her heady scent had control of him. He reached for her, and she fell in his arms.

“Move from me, Bex, if you don’t love me. I know you, Arthur Bex. With every inch of my heart, I love you, and I know you love me, too. If I’m wrong, you have permission to move.”

“I need permission to sleep in this bed? I was here first.”

She lifted her face from his chest and stroked each nostril with her thumb. “I know you, Arthur Bex, better than I know myself, but sometimes the talking has to stop.”

That’s all he ever wanted, for someone to believe in him. “But Ester. I have to tell you—”

“Shhh.” She put a finger upon his mouth. “I know, and I love you, too.”

Ester was right. He loved her, more than he thought possible. He reached for her and took her lips.

It wasn’t a slow kiss.

Not one for good night.

It was one of forever, with her trembling in his arms, her wantonly stealing his breath, with her taking everything he had to offer and more.

Nightshirt gone.

Nightgown floated away.

Nothing mattered. He’d be Arthur Bex for her forever. For that man was loved beyond belief and had a temptress, a warrior, a caregiver, and a lover melting in his embrace.





Chapter Twenty

Get Your Newspaper

The sound of rain splashing the windowsill made Ester awaken. Her eyes were tired from too much watching Bex, too much not sleeping. She stretched and found the bed empty. That saddened her. She wanted to see him smiling at her again. Maybe he’d say aloud the whispers that nipped her ear. Snuggling his pillow, she pressed it against her bosom with her heart racing at the memory of him, the thought of his touches. The scent of ash and pine soap were faint, but the memories of his arms holding her, of him breathing life into her—those were vivid and warm.

The door opened, and she shrank into the bedsheets to cover her bare shoulders.

“Mrs. Bex, I thought you up,” Mrs. Fitterwall said as she walked in with a green silk gown in one hand and a poppy-colored one in the other. “I am here to draw you a bath. Mr. Bex said that a warm tub was your favorite, as if I didn’t know that.”

Ester sighed with relief that it wasn’t her mother coming to wake her. Though she was married, she’d die of embarrassment if Mama had barged in upon her. Fishing for her robe with her toe, she seized it and pulled it on. “Is it drawn already?”

“No, Mr. Clancy will bring the copper tub here. I’m going to fetch the hot water. You just need to relax and decide which dress you wish to wear.” The woman laid the beautiful morning gowns on the bed then dashed out the door.

Ester scrambled to her feet and wrapped her sash about her tightly. She formed a bun of her hair. The locks that Bex didn’t seem to tire of sinking his fingers into were wild and frizzy. A stiff brushing was in order.

A knock on the door made her dizzy. Was it Bex come to kiss her good morning? “You may enter.” She said, hoping her voice sounded dignified, not lost in love.

Clancy came into the room with another servant hoisting the metal tub. They set it down by the fireplace.

The housekeeper waited on the threshold until the men were done, then she brought in a bucket of hot water.

Clancy came back in with another bucket. The cheery smile she was used to seeing on him was missing. In fact, his long face had a frown. “Clancy what is wrong? Is Papa worse?”

He looked at Ester then toward the housekeeper. “An actor up in these parts. He should go back to his own.”

Mrs. Fitterwall gave him a frown, her lips looking as if she’d pressed them flat between book pages. “I suppose that you don’t want me here.”

“No, you’re different. You’re one of us. You know the struggle. What does London’s most famous actor know?”

It was good Clancy stepped away, for if he was closer, both Ester and Mrs. Fitterwall would have hit him.

“Mrs. Bex,” the housekeeper said as she moved to the door. “Your father is still in a great deal of pain. There’s no improvement.”

Ester clutched the post. How could she be so happy with her father doing poorly? “Perhaps Mr. Bex and I should stay while he recovers.”

“I’ll be back in an hour to help you dress. Enjoy your bath.” Mrs. Fitterwall handed Ester her soap and fresh towel, then swept from the room.

Ester grew happy inside as she looked at the heat rising from the water. She was back home with her family, like nothing had happened, except Bex was here, too. Would he want to stay? Would his man’s mind want to be on his own, back in Cheapside?

Part of her wanted to dress and find him, but maybe he’d see that she—that they—needed to be here. She kneeled beside the tub and dipped her finger inside, making rings and hearts, soaking her whole hand in the warmth. Surely, Bex had to love her to be so thoughtful. Why else would he draw a bath for her?

Unless it was to distract her.

Had he gone again, or was he like Ruth’s beaux, bedding her just to leave her?

All the happy feelings inside her began to disappear.

No. She shook her head. She’d trust him. They’d found each other last night. Nothing would change that. They’d started their marriage again holding on to each other in arms of love. She wasn’t going to stop trusting her husband after she’d given herself totally to him.

Ester would enjoy her bath, then take her time to dress and keep hoping that Bex was worthy of her trust. She stroked the hot water and made suds with her soap. She sighed, hoping the hot water and lilac scent would wash away the fear drowning her heart.

…

Arthur stood outside the door to the bedroom chamber. He’d walked Nineteen Fournier up and down, feeling every inch the heel. He’d given in to love, the desire to have Ester, but he’d done so without giving her the one thing she’d ever wanted. Truth.

But that ended now.

He opened the door, and as he’d hoped, Ester was in the tub. Her beautiful neck craned against the side. Beads of moisture dripped from her chin. Suds obscured the best view a man with hands could ever want. “Ester?”

She opened her topaz eyes and smiled. “You’re here and safe.”

“Of course. I’m done going into burning buildings for now.”

“And how about rallies?”

“Ester, I won’t lie or trick you. Not after today. I have to tell you what I started to say last night.”

She turned away and looked toward the fireplace. “You don’t, Bex. Not if it’s going to steal us. We’re happy right now. Maybe I don’t need to know, ever.”

Arthur went in front of her and sat so they were almost eye-to-eye, he at the hearth, she pulling as many suds over her décolletage as possible. “Ester, I’m not Arthur Bex.”

Her fingers gripped the sides of the tub. Her beautiful face looked so pained. “Then who did I marry? Who did I consummate a marriage to? A stranger?”

“My name is Oliver Arthur Bexeley.”

“You changed it for the stage. That’s common.” She sighed and smiled. “That’s nothing.”

“I changed it because of my uncle. Oliver Bexeley. The captain of the Zhonda.”

Her eyes grew large. It looked like she wasn’t breathing. “Not the monster, the ship captain who threw twenty-five enslaved men overboard to collect insurance money?”

“Yes, but it was closer to fifty men.”

“Fifty.” She fell back in the tub. Water splashed out wetting the rug. “Fifty men.”

“Yes. Fifty enslaved men.”

“Do you know what the Zhonda means to my family, to my mother? It carried her family from Africa to be enslaved in Jamaica. Someone that shares my blood, her blood, could have been one of those fifty men.”

He cupped his brow, the weight of his guilt, the weight of the sadness in her eyes smashing against him. “I was on the Zhonda since I was six, as Uncle’s cabin boy. I knew something wasn’t right with the cargo. Not the way his crew joked about. Not the way Uncle Bexeley made sure I didn’t watch the loading. I know I was young, but if I had bothered to look, or hadn’t loved the bliss of ignorance, I could’ve said something that could’ve stopped him.”

“But you were six.”

“Twelve is the age of reason, Ester. I was twelve on the Zhonda’s last trip. I finally saw the cargo, all those poor bound men. I tried to stop them, but nothing would stop my uncle and the crew from tossing the cargo. I saw men, not cargo, screaming as they sank.”

“Mama.” She put her hand to her mouth and covered a scream. “How could I have brought a killer’s nephew into this house? I married a slaver’s nephew.”

He hung his head. “Yes, Ester, that is true.”

“You lied to me, Bex. When Mama discovers this, she’ll toss you out. Don’t give her the trouble. You leave now.”

He stood up, his limbs still shaky. “I didn’t tell you. I’m sorry for that. I left my past behind. I put it away and became Arthur Bex. Now that you know, the past has nothing more to do with us.”

She shook her head. “The past is the best indication of the future.”

“I am not a slaver, Ester.”

“No, but that’s why you fight for abolition. Do you think your sacrifice makes up for all that was lost? Is that why you chose to marry a Blackamoor? Doesn’t it burnish your credentials? Wait until the world learns of your little wife. ‘Good for you, Bex,’ they’ll say, and won’t think another moment of those that were lost by the Zhonda—all the pain, all the loss it caused.”

“It wasn’t like that. I wanted a wife who would believe in me, who could love me despite my past.”

She wiped at her face as sloppy tears fell, ones he couldn’t wipe away. He couldn’t touch her. Not now. She hated him…like he hated himself.

“Did it bring you some type of joy lying to the world about who you are? Did it make you feel special to trick me into marrying you, the daughter of an enslaved woman to the nephew of a slave-killer?”

“No. Ester, inside, I’m the same man you said you loved. The same man who cradled you in his arms last night. Does a name change that?”

“Lies do. Do you think I would’ve married you if I had known? I’m not a trophy to assuage your family’s guilt. I wouldn’t hurt my mother like this.”

He stood, turning away to the roaring fire. “Ester, I’m in love with you—funny, headstrong you. The fact that you are Blackamoor and I’m not did not matter to me. You matter. The hope of having someone to believe in me, to build a family with to replace the one I lost. That’s what I see when I look at you.”

But her gaze held loathing and contempt. “Bex, Bexeley. I’m a Blackamoor woman. A proud one. One who will not sweep a lie under the rug. One untruth begets another. I won’t live like that. I won’t be a bathtub woman who looks the other way. I need you to leave here.”

Her breath was ragged. She was as affected by him, by the love between them that couldn’t be denied, as he. “If you had known, you wouldn’t have married me, and I’d never have known true happiness. For that, I’ll never be sorry.”

“You didn’t give me the chance, Bex-Bexeley. I know the difference between an actor and a slaver. The man who deserves my love should’ve trusted me enough to tell me the truth.”

“I lost everything once because of the truth. Ester, I wasn’t prepared to lose you.”

“You have. If you’d told me, I could’ve chosen. We could’ve reasoned through this, but you took that from me. We married under false pretenses.”

“You don’t mean that.”

“The name on the certificate. Is it Bex or Bexeley?”

“It’s Bex. That is the name I have chosen, the name I am known by.”

“That is fraud, Oliver Arthur Bexeley.”

He turned and walked to the door. “Then you do have a choice. You can have this marriage dissolved, just as I suggested before we consummated it last night. You remember, Ester, being with me, loving me fully and completely. That’s what you said. Was that a lie?”

She sank into the tub, splashing water his way. “Go.”

“I’ll agree to whatever you want. I thought we were good together. I still believe that.” He put his hand on the doorframe and turned to look upon her one more time—wet glistening skin, tears flowing. “Ester, I can’t change the past, but I won’t let you enslave me to it. I’ve done that enough to myself. I should’ve told you, but this mistake doesn’t change a moment we spent together, or how I feel about you. Know that no man will ever treasure how your lips part when you smile, the crinkles in your forehead when you fret, or the low moan in your voice when you’re kissed well—not like me.”

“But who are you? What’s tomorrow’s lie?”

“The one I sign to annul this marriage and accept your wishes.” Gut shredding, Arthur left the room and plodded down the stairs.

Clancy stood at the entry. He picked up Arthur’s hat and held it out. “There’s a reporter here for you, a Mr. Phineas. He wants to talk about the fire, but I wouldn’t let him in.”

Arthur took the tall-crowned felt hat and slapped it on his head. “Tell Mrs. Croome and Mrs. Bex I’ll do my best to keep things out of the papers.”

The butler shook his head. “Actor people. You know she’s too good for the likes of you.”

“It doesn’t make me love her any less.” Arthur took a deep breath and marched outside.

Phineas was sitting on the steps. “The butler wasn’t letting me in to get a statement about the warehouse fire. I thought maybe you’d give me one.”

The last thing the Croomes needed was to be dragged into the papers. “Phineas, I have a better story for you. One that should’ve been told by now. But for the exclusive, you have to leave the Croomes out of the paper.”

“I have to investigate the fire, but I’ll protect them as much as I can. You have my word on this. But what is your story? And why do you look like your best friend died? Is Mr. Croome—”

“If you want the scandal of the season, follow me to my flat. I’ll tell you everything.”

Arthur walked down Fournier Street to the mews. It was time to stop living a lie, and if he could tell his scandal without hurting the Croomes, he would. The pain of his past, of hiding, was nothing to the gut punch of losing Ester, the woman he loved.





Chapter Twenty-One

What Light Breaks a Heart?

A knock woke Ester from her light sleep. Her bedchamber at Nineteen Fournier was dark, only lit by the moonlight. She punched her pillow. It was hard to get comfortable without Bex’s shoulder to lie upon or the rumble of his snores teasing her ear.

And she still fretted that he would put himself in harm’s way.

Was he well?

Was he out risking his life at more abolition rallies, or running into burning buildings?

Was he sleeping?

Or had the newspaper men robbed him of that?

In the week since she’d asked him to leave, his horrid connection to the Zhonda had been printed in every paper. Headlines like Warehouse Fire Claims Lives and Unmasks Hero were everywhere. The vile Countess Devoors had suggested he, too, was a murderer. Poor Bex.

Ester rolled over but couldn’t find comfort. Papa was no better, and Mama had gone silent again, only rousing from her blank-faced knitting to check on Papa or to go with Ester and Mrs. Fitterwall to bring food to the women widowed by the fire.

Heartbroken, unable to sketch anything, she turned over again and put her face in the pillow.

Another tap made the window creak. It sounded as if it would break.

Ester sat up. Her pulse raced. At her window stood a man.

A few blinks revealed a tall, muscular outline, and she struggled to breathe.

Bex. He was outside her third-floor window.

“No.” She leaned over and lit a candle then pulled the curtains back fully.

The crazed man was on the ledge. She stared, transfixed, at his lips. He mouthed her name, and she felt his voice rip through her heart, even before she heard it.

He wasn’t moving away, and Ester feared he’d fall, so she opened the window.

One of his big legs plowed in first. Then the rest of him in a costume—tights, a pointed hat, and a leather mantle that looked like what he’d worn as Romeo in Shakespeare’s play. Had he just left the stage to come to her? “I thought you were to be Antony of Antony and Cleopatra?”

He smoothed his rumpled shirt sleeves. “I’ve a bit part right now. I lost the general’s role. It seems the theater owner didn’t want a slaver’s son in the part.

“You’re not that, Bex.”

He stepped an inch or two nearer. The heat and hurt in his eyes pained her soul, made her almost pant. “Details don’t matter when a scandal is available. This room is very pink. Pink suits you. Yellow does, too. Pity you’ve taken off your wedding ring.” He leaned and spun the gold and emerald band on the coral necklace she wore. “Forget me so soon?”

Like that was possible. She tugged at her salmon-colored nightgown, covering her throat and her vulnerable heart. She wished she had on a robe to hide from his gaze.

But her own expressions probably gave her away, for he was gorgeous and tall and here. She pinched at her cheeks. “Why have you come?”

“I have returned many times, Ester, but Clancy won’t let me past the door. You haven’t returned a single note.”

“Notes?” She shook her head. “I haven’t received any.”

“I sent Jonesy. I know he wouldn’t deceive me.”

His voice sounded accusatory, as if she had, but only one person hadn’t been truthful. “Clancy must be trying to protect me, sort of like you, omitting everything to protect me.”

“It’s not the same. He doesn’t love you like I do, and he’s never lost everything. At least, I hope that’s not his plight. I did want to protect you, and I still am. I’ve let the dogs have at me, to keep the Croome name out of the papers. There’ve been only a few lines about the warehouse fire. Nothing at all about our marriage.”

“Bex, I look every day for a cartoon or interview about you. I’ve seen the horrible articles.”

He put his arms on her shoulders. “I’ve sacrificed my privacy for you and the Croomes. It was the least I could do. I want no more harm to touch you. Just me.”

His fingers sent a jolt through her limbs. His palms were warm, and she wanted so badly to go back to the night they’d loved each other.

But there was no going back, not for her. She couldn’t trust her heart. “Why are you here, Bex?”

“It’s after midnight. Our marriage still exists. No legal papers have come, Ester.” He brushed a curl of her unbraided hair about his thumb. “I hoped that was a small sign you’d reconsidered. Perhaps you could love me again.”

His eyes, hungry and hurt, stole what air she could breathe. He was too close, towering over her.

“Ester, I know we didn’t start this marriage right. I should’ve told you everything. But do you know what it has been like to live in fear that I will say the wrong thing to the wrong person and then be judged to be just like my uncle. I’m still paying for his crimes.”

“You know how I live, Bex. I know the fear of saying the wrong thing, but I know more the fear of hoping my loved one comes home. I want to be safe. I want you safe. We can’t work.”

“But we’ve found each other, Ester. Can you deny the love that is between us?” He took her palm and placed it against his chest, smoothing it against his leather vest. “I can’t sleep without reaching for you. I don’t want us to end.”

He took the candle from her icy fingers and put it on the sill. “I love you, Ester. Love should conquer all. You’re my heart’s dearest love.”

Oh, no he didn’t… Coming here, looking dreamy, twisting up lines of Shakespeare to confuse her—she could do that, too. “Bex-Bexeley? This love is too rash, too unadvised, too sudden. It had no choice to be like lightning, to be a flash then cease to be.”

His brow popped above a dark, cobalt-blue gaze. “Why do you want to leave me so unsatisfied?”

She wasn’t about to ask, as Juliet would, what satisfaction he wanted, not with him standing so near, so touchable, so desiring of another chance. Ester inhaled deeply, enjoying the scent of sandalwood and ivy vines on his person. “Will you give up rallies and danger? And be a man that I can depend upon? That’s the price for my love.”

“That’s a fine price.” He hoisted her high in his arms and kissed her, gently at first, then with an almost ruthless passion that made her cling to him. He was dangerous with two hands, so dangerous.

Clutching at his neck as if nothing in her world was solid or true, she couldn’t help but return his kiss. Maybe she wouldn’t fret this one night, not like she had without him. “I love you, too.”

He scooped her up and made her float in the air. His mouth, so sweet, so set on teasing her lips, never relented. Not a complaint could be uttered, not with his ardor sweeping her away.

With a kiss to her jaw, he settled her on the mattress, his finger dipping into her tresses. “You are beautiful. I’ve missed you. I love my wife.”

Her eyes were wide, anticipating and waiting. “Then commit to me, Bex, and let’s live without danger. No more rallies or burning buildings. Then I’m yours. London knows your secret. We don’t have to hide. We can build again.”

“Is it that easy? I say no rallies, no more fights, and I’ll have a wife who loves me?”

“Yes, Bex. Yes.” She reached up and took his mouth, wrapped her hands about his neck, intending to never let go.

His kiss was deep, soul stirring, tying tighter the bonds between them, but he stopped and stepped away from her embrace, her bed. “No.”

“Bex?”

“It’s Arthur.” Heaving as much as she from their denied passion, he moved to the window. One leg was out the opening before she could sit up.

“Bex, wait.”

“I can’t, Ester. I’m not a couch husband, as you defined it, passive, waiting to be told what to do with my passions.”

She ran to the window. “But you said you loved me. If that was true—”

“I do, but it’s not enough. I’m a man who needs you, who wants to love tenderly and completely, but I have to be a man who can still look in the mirror and respect what he sees. I can’t do that by giving up my calling or living half a life because of your fears. You have no faith, Ester. I believe in us, but you don’t.”

“I have faith, Bex—”

“No, you don’t, not in us or me. My bounty is as boundless as the sea, my love for you is deep. I give it to thee and only thee. But it’s not enough to pay your price. Good evening, Ester.”

“Bex, wait.”

He pulled his other leg through and started down the vines. “If you change your mind, come to me in Cheapside. We can begin again. We’ll find a way together to make our love last.”

Head against the window frame, she watched him and waited until she knew he’d climbed down without falling. Cheated and alone, she bristled and slammed the window shut.

But he was right.

She feared for his safety, like she feared for Papa’s. The trip to Gretna Green had shown her how fragile the life she lived truly was and how easily everything could be taken away. If Papa didn’t get better, things would change again. Ester had never felt more vulnerable in her life.

She had no faith.

No faith that she could take care of her mother. None that Bex would shy away from danger. None that he’d be happy with just Ester’s love. He was a man given to fight, to save someone.

It was wrong to ask him to give up everything, but that was what she needed to feel secure. How else would she?

Somehow, Bex still believed in her, their marriage, or he wouldn’t have climbed three stories or denied a passion that she’d regret in the morning.

With a sad sigh, she looked once more to see Bex, but the dark street had swallowed him whole. A glance at the night sky revealed a netting of stars, so many, like when she had eloped. Stars knew how to fly and keep soaring. They had faith.

And Ester was jealous of them for being so easy and light and secure where they lived.

She touched her lips and sank to the floor. Bex’s kiss, his respect of her person, had poisoned Ester.

It had.

She was Juliet to him, dying inside, without the hope of holding on to his love, and almost too weak to survive without it. But Ester was her father’s daughter, stubborn. She was also her mother’s child, so survival was in her blood. She’d find in herself an antidote for wanting Bex. She would, for there had to be a cure.

…

Arthur heard the knocking on the door of his flat. In his heart, he hoped it was Ester, that she’d come to forgive him, but two days had passed since he’d climbed in her window. She wasn’t coming. His notes weren’t being delivered to her. Another desperate visit would come to nothing but frustration.

The knocking persisted.

He leaped up from his desk and opened the door.

Phineas was there, top hat in hand, rolling it between his meaty palms. “Bex.”

“Yes, Phineas, was there more you needed? My guts have been spilled all over your parchment.”

“I researched what you said to me about the Zhonda. Are you sure you want the whole story out?”

Shrugging, Arthur let the man inside. “It’s the story you wanted, and it keeps my end of our bargain to keep the Croomes out of the paper.”

“I know, Bex, but I owe you my life. I don’t want to make things worse.”

“Some already call me the son of a slaver. How much worse can things get? I suppose it’s better than ‘Gunpowder’.”

“The story of your testimony at your uncle’s trial could change things or make things worse. I don’t know how this will play out in London—brave hero or traitor to his flesh and blood.”

Arthur folded his arms and leaned against the wall. “I’ve lost everything, Phineas. But you’ve held up your promise. I suppose I’m grateful.”

“The talk will die down if nothing more is published. Bex, you could take your wife and travel the continent until things are better. How did you meet her, anyway?”

“An advertisement in your paper. Funny. The papers which are ruining me brought us together.”

“I wish it could do more to fix things. I saw how she went into that fire after you. She wanted to die with you that night if you wouldn’t leave. She truly loves you.”

Ester only had strength when she thought him in danger. Fear was no way to live. “She still reads the paper every day. Maybe I’ll place a new advertisement. Perhaps she’ll see it and forgive me.” He chuckled to keep from grousing on how hopeless everything was.

“If I found a love willing to die for me, I’d do anything to keep her.” Phineas went to the door. “This new story will publish in a couple of days. And I’m still looking into the fire. Warehouses don’t go up in flames like that. Arson or gross negligence will do it.”

Arthur, put a hand on the door. “Just spare the Croomes any more pain.”

“I’ll do what I can, but the cause has to be known. Bex, you are the one who called on me to do things that actually help.”

The man started to turn but stopped. “I went after you because of a perceived injury, but for what it’s worth, you were a hero at the warehouse and long ago on a boat and in the courtroom. At twelve, I can’t imagine the courage to stand up for what was right.”

“I still wonder, if I’d been a more courageous child at eight or ten and discovered that the Zhonda’s cargo was men, could I have persuaded my uncle to take a different course.”

“Bex, you put too much on yourself, even over thirty.”

Staring at Ester’s sketchbook on his desk, Arthur shrugged. “We live in the real world, Phineas. I’m gunpowder, and I’ve burned up everything I’ve ever cared for. Travel may return perspective or humor.”

“But the fight, Bex?”

There wasn’t much left in Arthur. Heartbreak and leaving Ester that last time had extinguished much of his flame. “The cause won’t have me anymore, nor will any theater. Time and distance is a cure-all. Good evening, Mr. Phineas.”

Arthur closed the door. Soon London would see the whole story. Everyone would read it. Everyone including Ester, for she still loved newspapers. Maybe seeing the whole truth would move her.

He pried open his door and chased after Phineas. He did have one more advertisement to place. Maybe a woman as stubborn as himself would read it and regain faith in their future.





Chapter Twenty-Two

No Happy Birthday

Ester descended the grand stairs. Servants scurried about, readying for the party, but thoughts of her birthday made her head hurt. What type of celebration would it be with her heart in shreds?

Her birthday was two days away, but Mrs. Fitterwall had everything glistening, as if the party was starting within minutes. Remembering how Mama would cut a slice of her cake with Papa at her side made Ester miserable. If Bex-Bexeley hadn’t lied, he’d be there, holding her hand, maybe even making some sort of speech, so Papa could rest. He still couldn’t walk but a few feet before tiring.

A knock at the entry door brought Clancy from whatever hallway he’d been polishing to open it. “Mrs. Fitzwilliam-Cecil and Miss Burghley.”

What a joy it was to see Theodosia and Frederica. Ester needed them to rally her spirits. She almost jumped the final steps and met them in the hall. “Let’s go into Mama’s parlor.”

Trimmed in fine blue, Theodosia entered. Her steps were slow, and her bronze skin had a tinge of green. Odd.

Frederica, in a wonderful chocolate-brown cape, swept off the thing like it was a bad dance partner. Underneath, she wore a pretty peach-colored gown with large pearl buttons lining the front. A shawl like the one she’d given Ester would set her outfit off, but that one was at Bex’s residence, with her sketchbook and her heart.

She sighed, depriving her lonely chest of air. “Clancy, can you bring tea and biscuits?”

Theodosia patted her mouth. “Dry toast, if you don’t mind.”

Her friend looked very green, and not the envious kind. The women wandered into Mama’s parlor.

Frederica took a seat on the couch and dove into Mama’s pile of newspapers. The headlines—Arthur Bex in Hiding. Bex replaced as the lead in Antony and Cleopatra—were in full display. “Your mother loves her papers.” She frowned, “I’m very sorry my newspaper advertisement has cost you so much.”

To agree was to admit that all her time with Bex was horrid. Far from it. Things had been almost perfect when he was here. One night of not fretting. He’d been safe in her arms. She’d been loved in his. Maybe when he’d returned through yonder window, she should have forgiven him. “It wasn’t all bad.”

“Have you spoken with Bex?” Theodosia asked as she fanned herself with a foul paper.

“Yes. A week ago.” Ester closed her eyes and she remembered the look on his face, leaving through her window. “I…We…We couldn’t reconcile.”

Clancy came into the parlor with one of his fancy silver trays. Three cups, three saucers, three silver spoons—all for serving Ester and the best friends in the world.

“Mrs. Fitzwilliam-Cecil, there’s no dry toast, but Mrs. Fitterwall says crackers are best to calm the baby woes. Shall I bring some?”

Theodosia nodded. “Yes. Please bring me some. I’ll try anything.”

Clancy made a quick turn and left the parlor.

“Baby?” Ester covered her mouth. Her voice sounded weak and simple. A baby is what happened when a couple was in love.

“Yes. I might be older than you two, but apparently not too old.”

Frederica giggled and waggled her thin brows. “Nope, not too old.”

Ester froze in her chair. It had been only one night between her and Bex—that couldn’t be—no, Theodosia and Ewan had been married at least seven or eight months. Yet, the thought of holding a baby with Bex’s eyes wasn’t bad. But what would it be like to rock that child, fretting about his father not coming home? She wrapped her hands about her stomach. A baby was a reason to reunite, a sad one if neither could compromise. But would Ester be like her sister, Ruth, having to go to the country to raise a child by herself?

Theodosia put down the paper, flipping it over to page two. “So how long are you going to wait before you respond to Bex’s new advertisement?”

What? He hadn’t even waited for their marriage to be annulled before he was looking for a new woman? She ripped the pages from Theodosia’s fingers and scoured the print. With her finger, she jumped from one advertisement to another until she spied it.

“Humbled man of modest means looking for woman of esteem who must be a Shakespeare lover, lilac wearer, and sketch artist with initials ECB. Inquire in Cheapside.” Ester swallowed hard. “The only thing he left out was ‘must love baths.’ How long has this has been in the papers?”

“A few days,” Frederica said. “He still loves you. Don’t you love him?”

Clancy returned with a plate of crackers then disappeared again, but not before Theodosia had stuffed two crispy bits into her mouth. “Who needs bonbons when dry, non-nauseating crackers abound?”

“Bonbons are everything.” Frederica giggled. “So how long are you going to punish Bex? He made a mistake. He’s clearly sorry.”

“Why can’t he just come, apologize, and say he’ll avoid danger?” Ester tossed the paper back to the table. “This is more of a show. He needs a wife to vouch for his character.”

Theodosia wiped her mouth of crumbs as she patted the tiny bulge in her abdomen. “The advertisement is cute, maybe even showy, but a man needs to be encouraged. Ester, I know you feel as if he betrayed you, but take it from me. You can’t ask him to be less of the man he is. Go hear him out. See beyond your anger. Then let your heart decide.”

When her parents had disowned her, he’d said to wait for a proper invitation. Was that what he wanted—for her to say she was wrong first? Ester picked up the paper again, returning to the horrid headline, Bex’s Secret. “How can I trust him again? He’s still going to do dangerous things. And what if there is another lie he hasn’t set right?”

Frederica grasped Ester’s hand. “Faith, even a small bit, is needed for anything. Believe that Bex loves you. I hear love always finds a way.”

Ester wanted to believe, but fear held her captive.

Theodosia rose from the chair as if her ankles weighed hundreds of pounds. “Come on, Frederica. Ewan and your father should be done.”

“What are Fitzwilliam-Cecil and the duke doing? That’s an odd combination.”

“It’s for his father, the Earl of Crisdon. Since he’s living in town, he’s taken up with Simone. They are at his club. Crisdon forced both his sons, Ewan and Lord Hartwell, to attend.”

“Is it still awkward, Theodosia?”

“It’s getting better. Hopefully, it will get better by Yuletide when Philip gets his new sibling. Hopefully, he’ll hear this baby’s cries.”

Ester hugged her. “Of course he will.”

Frederica stacked the papers into a neat pile. “You think we can stop for bonbons? Can’t you crave those, just once?”

Rolling her eyes, Theodosia hugged Ester again. “I don’t know how she stays rail thin.”

Frederica came to the left of Ester and joined in the hug sandwich. “I saw how Bex looked at you at the rally, and I so wish for a man, a decent one, to look at me like that. He’s in love with you. Stubbornness or fear can make you miss your chance at happiness.”

“I’ll think upon it, but wear something fabulous for my party. You two will make it special. Maybe you can stand at my side to cut the cake.”

Theodosia kissed her brow. “Would never miss it, and we’ll be at your side, sharing your joy or pain, no matter your choice.”

She gripped each of their hands and walked them to the door. “I’ve been blessed with the best friends a girl can have. Till the party.”

Walking out of the parlor, her friends gathered their things from Clancy and stepped out to Theodosia’s waiting carriage.

Ester watched the two-pair, and footmen aplenty, turn the corner. She was alone again. Wandering back to Mama’s parlor, she passed Papa’s door. No lights were on inside. He still hadn’t the strength to be there.

Shoulders drooping, she went inside the parlor and flopped onto the couch. She picked up the stack of newspapers, her mother’s personal collection of gossip pages. She flipped past the dreadful headlines and found Bex’s advertisement. What must he think of her lack of response?

Mama came into the room with her arms folded across a gown of mourning gray, for the workers lost. Her silky locks were covered in a jet mobcap. “I told Mrs. Fitterwall to put these away.”

“No. Please leave them, Mama. I’ll do it.”

Sitting beside her, Mama held up one of the papers. “There’s no mention of the Croomes or your ill-fated marriage.”

“Yes,” Ester said. “I think we are safe from embarrassment.”

“Oh, there’s plenty of embarrassment.” Her mother stacked the papers. “Arthur Bex is still your husband. That means he’s family, and you’ve sent him away. But that is your business.”

Ester sank into the couch. “But you were so quiet. I thought you were disappointed in me for marrying the nephew of a man who helped enslave your family.”

Mama folded her arms. Her rings twinkled in the light as she twisted them. “Ester, Bex may be a lot of things, but he’s not Captain Bexeley. I haven’t disowned Bex, even if you have.”

The words stung, but they were true. Ester brushed a loose curl from her braid. “He’ll allow me to claim fraud to end this marriage. I don’t have to accept his lies. You won’t have to think of him as family anymore.”

The frown on Mama’s face was wider and deeper than she’d ever seen. “I’ll send for Papa’s solicitor, if that’s what you want. That’s your business, even if I think it wrong. I owe Bex my peace. I wish him well.”

“Mama, what are you talking about? How has Bex given you peace?”

Mama unfolded the pages so that the worst headline, Hero Unmasked, showed. “Did you read this article?”

“I don’t want to read about how Captain Bexeley chose to drown fifty men for insurance money.”

“Not even if one was your uncle?

“Papa’s brother? No, he was murdered in the streets.”

“No, my brother,” her mother said. Her soft voice froze Ester’s blood.

“How, Mama? What are you saying?”

“Bex is not his uncle. Next to your father, he is the bravest man I know.” Mama rose from her chair and went to the closet and pulled out a small box. She sat back down with the wooden thing sitting on her knee. Her jeweled hand rested on the box, and Mama had that distant look in her eye, the one she had sometimes when she knitted.

“I don’t want to upset you, Mama. But like you said, Bex is my business.”

Ester stood and readied to go back to her room.

“You’re stubborn like your father, Ester, but let’s hope you don’t get so rigid that you become like your grandfather. The man that was my father. He was very stubborn, cruelly stubborn. Stubborn and wrong.”

Blinking, Ester turned back. The woman had never spoken much of her father, just her mother and the enslaved in Jamaica. “Please tell me. Trust me with all of it. I’m strong enough to know.”

The woman drummed the box upon her knee. “My mother was taken on the first raid of her village, and she came to Jamaica on the Zhonda, probably one of the ship’s first voyages. She was sold to my father, who bought her because she wasn’t as dark as the rest. He forced her to be his concubine, to give birth to children so he could give them to his wife, who couldn’t have none. This man who was evil to the mother who bore me treated me like a full daughter, at first. His wife, Mama Rose, I believed she loved me, too.”

A little too stunned to breathe, Ester listened with her whole heart.

“Birthdays were very important to my father. Maybe that’s one thing that I hold over from him. He’d parade Mama Rose and me around the plantation. He put his big white hands about us in hugs so tight. So tight.”

A hundred questions filled Ester’s brainbox, but she saw her Mama’s eyes drift, her face paler than ever, so she said nothing.

“He was good to me, but cruel to those darker than me. I tried to unsee his hands, unsee him whipping or nearly strangling his enslaved workers, but I couldn’t unsee him slap a woman with my same eyes and my wide nose. That’s when the whispers made sense. Maybe, why I pay attention to the gossip now.”

“Your true mother?”

Mama rocked and nodded. Her jeweled hands lifted, blocking some unseen memory from striking, and Ester swallowed tears.

“Father bloodied my mother’s face—done with his big hands, his hands. Then I grew older and saw a lot more of what evil his hands, those awful hands, could to do to me. I was my mama, but just white as a ghost. He let me know that.”

Ester dropped to kneel at Mama’s feet and clasped the woman’s fingers so tight, hoping Mama knew she was here, not Jamaica, and Ester had the strength to protect her. “Mama, I’m here. I could get your knitting to draw you back. Stay away from the memories. You’ve said enough.”

“Sometimes, Ester, the fight is in your head. You have to win there to win anywhere.”

A full sob broke, twisted free from her gut, deep and pained, and ushered from Ester’s lips. She held on to Mama’s knees. “I’m so sorry I judged you.”

Mama patted Ester’s head, smoothing curls. “Some things don’t pass so easily.” Mama’s voice was low, but Ester heard her, and that was all that mattered.

“When your grandfather wasn’t around, my true mama told me about her family in Africa who had escaped the Zhonda the first time it came. Her baby boy with a star birthmark above his left eye. He was learning to fish when she was taken by the Zhonda. Then she grew sick and died. Cholera, I think.”

“The Zhonda.” Ester lifted her head and caught Mama’s eyes. “I’m so sick of that name. I wish I’d never—”

“Bex has memories that don’t pass so easily. My story is Bex’s, too. Mama tapped on the box in her lap. “You must see this. If I hadn’t sheltered you and Ruth from these memories, maybe we’d all be stronger.”

The box had to be a piece of the puzzle of Mama’s story, and Ester held her hand, would hold her hand forever, so her mother would tell her story. “I’m here and I’m listening.”

Fast blinking, as if she watched a play with actors in front of her, Mama stared ahead. She twisted a gold ring on her thumb. “My father took us to England. He needed to testify at a trial. A big insurance claim, about his lost shipment on the Zhonda. I saw the manifest papers in his things. One of the ‘cargo’ had a star mark above his eye. It could have been someone else, but in my heart, I knew the Zhonda had killed my brother, the last remaining part of my African family. The only part of my family left was an evil father who I thought loved me until he showed me he didn’t.”

Ester’s throat thickened. “Is it Bex’s story because of his uncle?”

Mama put a hand to Ester’s cheek. “Mama Rose caught me crying. She knew what my father did in secret. She gave me a fist of money and told me to stay in London. She said I could be truly free here. I wouldn’t have to fear his hands anymore. I took the money and I ran.”

“Mama, you just stayed in London, alone? That’s terrifying.”

“It was, but I wanted freedom more than fear. Ester, it was hard for the first couple of weeks hiding, knowing if my father found me, he’d be so cruel, but I kept up with the trial in the papers to see when he left to go back to Jamaica.” She opened the box and pulled out clippings. “I read in one article of a young man, barely twelve years old, who bravely testified against the Zhonda’s captain, and all the evil the boy saw and tried to stop.”

Ester was so shy she couldn’t imagine standing up in front of strangers to testify. She drew her arms about her knees. “That’s brave for one so young.”

“It’s worse, Ester. Bex had to testify that his uncle, the captain of the Zhonda, the man who’d raised him since he was six, was a killer, ordering the crew to toss my brother and the other men into the ocean to drown. Bex said many still had chains on them. Chains, in the middle of the ocean.”

Ester couldn’t swallow, couldn’t breathe, couldn’t imagine the terror of the heavy irons dragging a body down. But she also couldn’t imagine the pressure a young, twelve-year-old boy was put under to do what was right.

Bex. Her poor Bex.

She took up the clippings and read the horrible truth, the young boy’s terrifying testimony. Ester scooped up the paper that read Hero Unmasked.

It said very much the same but added that he still struggles with being on that boat from age six, even though he had not known about his brothers’ plight in the cargo below. Ester wiped her dripping nose. “Doesn’t he know that a six-year-old couldn’t have changed grown men?”

“Ester, I don’t think anyone has ever told him. He was on that boat. He was almost tossed overboard, trying to reason with the first mate. Bex’s account led to the captain’s hanging. His uncle’s hanging.”

Ester picked up the box again and went through the clippings, landing on a caricature of the courtroom with a young boy drawn with slave’s shackles labeled “Zhonda” about his neck.

Mama wiped at her blank eyes. “The captain was hanged because of the large-scale fraud he tried to perpetrate on the insurance company, not for the killing of my brother or any of those men. Keep reading the papers. See the interviews of dock workers. They thought Bex a traitor to his own kind. At age twelve he was left all on his own, just for doing what was right.”

Bex said that he wanted someone to believe in him. Ester didn’t want him alone, but he still courted danger. “Then he’s done enough. He should seek to be safe and build a safe, secure life.”

Mama shook her head. “There’s a guilt about surviving that haunts, just as there’s a squeamishness about being powerless. I know it, for I was small when I watched my siblings being sold away. We Croomes live in this house and have freedom, but my plantation brothers may not have lived past fifteen.”

It wasn’t possible to hurt more, but Ester held her chest like it would explode. Everything churned inside—guilt, betrayal, and so much anger at herself. “Bex once said all he ever wanted was for someone to recommend him beyond his faults, to know he was good. I thought he meant his snoring, not this. I let my fears push him away. I betrayed him, Mama.”

Her mother took a finger and swiped the tears from Ester’s face. “He did what was right. Gave me peace for my lost brother, but it doesn’t take the hurt from him.”

“I didn’t let him explain. My anger or stubbornness made me deaf to his pain. And to yours, Mama. I’ll never forgive myself.” Ester reached up and hugged Mama’s neck. “There needs to be a better word to express how empty I feel inside. Mama, how could you be so strong and forgiving?”

Mama stroked her back in long circles that made her rings clink, then started to chuckle, but the laughter was bitter. “Strong? Forgiving? I ended up being the same as my father. I forsook Ruth. I couldn’t stand her scandal and how it could ruin what your father and I have worked for—all those hours in Mayfair, maiding, all those late days in the warehouse, working and saving. I sent Ruth away—my own flesh and blood. Who’s better, Ester? My father who sold off my kin, disappointed by the color of their skin, or a mother who sent away her daughter because she was disappointed by her daughter’s choices?”

“Listen Mama, you’re nothing like your father. It’s not too late to take Ruth back in.”

“Then it’s not too late to do the same for Bex.”

“But the risks? He won’t stop taking risks.”

Mama put her fingers light and easy on Ester’s cheeks. “Life is risk. Find your strength, Ester. It’s in you. It’s in Bex, too. I saw his hands on you, and they were the hands of a man in love. I saw it from the moment he walked you back from the blacksmith’s at Gretna Green.”

He did seem more certain of their marriage than she did. And if she hadn’t asked him to stop being brave, he’d be here at Nineteen Fournier.

Mama picked up the article scraps and put them back in her box, but she put the wooden container into Ester’s palm. “Those hands of Bex’s saved your father and four other workers. There’s goodness in that man. Forgive him and then forgive your papa. He’s flawed, too, but he loves you.”

Clancy popped his head in. “Mr. Croome is looking for you, Mrs. Croome. He’s dressed this morning.”

Mama nodded. “Thank you, Clancy. I’ll go to him when I’m done here.”

The butler bowed and ducked out the door as if Mama had thrown a fireball at him. Maybe she had, in her own soft-spoken way.

“Just think on it, Ester. Oliver Arthur Bexeley isn’t a perfect man, and neither is your father, but they need a strong woman to make them do better. I have faith in you. You’re strong. You come from strong women who did what they had to do to survive. There’s favor on your life because you’re loved. Be that woman, Ester. Be brave and love.”

She watched her mother leave, head high, rings glistening, then clutched the ring Mama had given her to wed Bex, spinning it on her favorite necklace. How could she go to Bex now, when she’d rejected him—twice? Sighing, she hugged her knees. No one was as brave as her mother. No one.

…

In his Cheapside flat, Arthur packed the last of his belongings. He wasn’t sure of where he was going, but London had become unbearable. People didn’t see the great actor, just a man to be pitied.

The only thing he could be thankful for was that Ester’s name was kept from the papers. Phineas was true to his word about not disclosing their marriage.

Arthur looked around. Everything had been put away except his wife’s bag. Ester. He missed her, craved the scent of her, but to see her face and know that there was no hope to love her was impossible.

His fault. He should’ve trusted her with his secret. Yet, how did he know he wouldn’t have lost her sooner?

Opening her bag, he let his fingers sink into the fairy gown she’d worn when they’d eloped. It was soft like her nightgowns. Goodness, he missed her, her touch.

He pushed her gown back into the bag, trying not to wrinkle it, but that wasn’t a talent a man like him had. Gowns were a wife’s forte.

A knock at the door drew his attention. The hint of lilac that wafted from the dress made hope in his heart rise that Ester had spied the advertisement he’d penned in the papers and had come to talk, maybe forgive him.

But the next pound upon his door didn’t sound feminine or shy. It wasn’t Ester.

Exhaling useless air, he opened the door at the third knock.

Jonesy bounced up and down. “Wait a moment, Mr. Bex.” The boy went to the steps and lifted a large box. The thing with the yellow sash bow seemed so big in his small hands. “Here it is, Mr. Bex. Straight from the Burlingame Arcade. The shopkeeper put the sketchbook inside.”

Ester’s sketchbook. She hadn’t even thought to retrieve it. But who’d want to remember their crazed trip to Gretna Green?

Dancing for bandits, driving side by side, their first kiss, vows meant to be forever—yes, no one wanted to remember those things. Offering his helper a coin, he took the box. “Thanks, Jonesy.”

“My pleasure, Mr. Bex. You’re a good tipper. I have an errand, then I’ll deliver it for you.”

“Jonesy, I’m going to be away tomorrow. Will you be fine? How are you going to get along without my pennies?”

The boy frowned. “Don’t really want you to go, Mr. Bex. Nobody tips Jonesy like you. I know that a lot of folks are saying mean things about you, but I don’t believe ’em.”

Arthur dug in his purse and handed him a guinea. “I’ll miss you, my friend. Maybe you can get that footman position you want when you’re not taking care of the things I need.”

The smile on Jonesy’s face evaporated. “No one trusts Jonesy like you. They don’t see pos…possibilities.”

“Any household would be privileged to hire you.”

With a shrug, Jonesy put the coins in his pocket. “Don’t care what they say about you, Mr. Bex. You’re good. Will miss you something terrible.”

Arthur watched the boy leave and it kicked what was left of his gut. London didn’t have time for people like Jonesy. That feeling that he should stay and fight washed over him again, but it was best to go and gain some needed distance, where lilac and sketchbooks didn’t make him feel so empty.

Before he could close the door, Phineas popped inside. “Bex, can I have a moment of your time. You haven’t been keeping to your old haunts. I figured you and the wife needed your privacy.”

“Phineas, I have plenty of privacy. My wife’s still staying with her family.”

The reporter took off his hat and fanned his sweating face. “The advertisement didn’t work. Bex, I’m sorry.”

Phineas pushed his hat atop his head with a swish. “Maybe we can write another article. And if you get your mother-in-law to participate, that would—”

“No.” Arthur flailed his hands, out and in, out and in. “I don’t want the Croomes bothered.”

Phineas hung his head for a moment. “Well, I followed up with the doctor for you. Mr. Croome is still not himself. He’s walking a little, but he’s not out of the woods. The physicians think it’s sheer force of will keeping him moving.”

It was good to hear that Croome was mending, but that feeling of leaving Ester and Mrs. Croome unprotected should things become dire knifed his insides. Ester may have rejected him, but he hadn’t rejected them. As stubborn as his wife was, she’d still need someone.

Getting tangled in his own logic, he picked up the box and pushed it to Phineas. “Take this to Nineteen Fournier. Today if you can. It’s my wife’s birthday.”

“Yes, Bex,” the reporter said, as he took the box and stuffed it under his arm and gripped the handle of Ester’s bag. “Oh, I did some checking. The warehouse recently had gas lighting installed. Seems the housings were too thin, and the fittings leaked. With all the dust associated with the wool and cotton in the place, it was like gunpowder for a flintlock.”

“The gas lighting was at fault?” Bex thought about the gas lighting business of the Jordan family. “Make sure you tell my wife about the lighting when you give her the present. That way she’ll know her father wasn’t at fault. You might get a story you can investigate out of it.”

Phineas nodded. “If you change your mind about leaving town today, I know where you’re needed. Wilberforce is going to attend a meeting at the White Horse Cellar to talk about abolition. The rally was a setback. He requested that you be there.”

“Wilberforce requested that I come?” He held out his scandal-riddled hands. “Me? The talk of the town?”

“He truly thinks the fight for abolition is a young man’s game. No one is more qualified to speak of the fight and its costs. The White Horse Cellar at nine. See you there. Another Zhonda could happen if slavery isn’t abolished. Think about it, Bex.”

Phineas tipped his hat and left with every trace of Arthur’s wife but the scars on his heart.

He closed the door, dropping his head against it. He’d run all his life since his uncle’s conviction. Maybe it was time to stop running. He’d lost Ester, but he hadn’t lost the fight. The defenseless still needed defending. It didn’t matter if he went to war with a broken spirit. He still could stop another tragedy and save another brother, so that no one ever knew the cruelty of the Zhonda again.





Chapter Twenty-Three

Performance of a Lifetime

Ester heard the musicians playing downstairs. The tunes they practiced sounded lively, perfect for a birthday celebration. It was her twenty-first, and the party would begin in an hour. Unlike all her other special days, she was miserable.

Breakfast had been done with a smile. Like always, the food tasted delicious, with the fluffiest biscuits she’d ever had and a splurge on beefsteaks, but she’d only taken a few bites. She found it hard to act happy when she’d never been more miserable. Yet, she’d become quite good at acting, even pretending to herself that she didn’t miss Bex at all.

Liar.

When had she become a coward and a purveyor of falsehoods? Instead of answering Bex’s advertisement or simply going to his residence, she’d stayed at Nineteen Fournier, hoping for her heartache to go away. Where was the bravery to love and be loved? Where was her faith?

“Miss Ester? You have a visitor downstairs in your father’s study,” Clancy said, his voice carrying to the third floor.

Her heart beat hard. Maybe Bex was trying one more time. She checked her hair, the position of her bonnet, the sash of her indigo-colored dress. She should put on something prettier, not last year’s gown, for Bex.

Oh, what did it matter? Bex was here. In a flash, she was out of the room, down two flights of stairs, almost sliding in her new ivory slippers past the servants lighting the chandelier.

Trying to appear calm and aloof, not love-starved, she lifted her chin and knocked on Papa’s door.

“Come…in.” Father’s words slurred, but his voice still had the masculine force that it always had.

Holding her breath, she entered, then released a disappointed huff. “Mr. Phineas, what are you doing here?”

“My business is twofold. I wanted to tell your father that I think the brass fittings on the newly installed gas lamps failed. With the dust of the wool and cotton in the air, a leak from a lamp could have caused the explosion.”

“Jordan’s lamps.” Father took a moment and forced his lips to move without a slur. It was difficult with the burns to his face. “He put in cheap ones.”

Ester headed to Papa’s desk. “Mr. Phineas, are you sure? That’s a mighty accusation. Your paper isn’t known to get things right.”

“Ma’am, I’ve been hunting the manufacturer, talking to the installers. I’m very sure. Jordan’s gas lighting was at fault.”

“Jordan.” Papa fisted his hand.

Ester put her palm on her father’s and squeezed. “Thank you, Mr. Phineas. My father prides himself on being good to his workers, not putting them in danger. This is good news, but what was the second thing?”

The reporter reached to the floor and lifted her bag, the one she’d left at Bex’s, and a pretty parcel with a big yellow bow. “Bex wanted me to give these to you.”

“Why didn’t he come himself?”

“He’s welcome,” Papa said the words loud and clear. “The boy is.”

Ester squeezed her father’s hand again. Bex was welcome, welcome to everything, including her heart. She was tired of being afraid.

Phineas sighed. “He doesn’t want to drag the Croomes into his fight. Some nasty reporter might follow him.”

“He doesn’t have to fight alone.” The words slipped from her mouth before she could stop. Then she raised her head and let her protective nature reign. “Yes, he doesn’t have to fight alone, at all.”

“Maybe you should tell him before he leaves.”

“What?” Ester covered her mouth for a moment. “Bex is going away?”

“Yes, but he might be at the White Horse Cellar tonight. There’s another rally for abolition. Many people want him there, including Wilberforce. I hope he shows and defends himself.”

Ester clutched the box to her chest. “Mr. Phineas, tell him he should fight. That he’s a good man.”

“My voice isn’t the one he needs to hear. You’ve been to the Cellar. You know how loud it is in there. Those that want hate or are resistant to change—their voices are always loud.”

“And voices trapped by fear will never be heard.” Ester felt ashamed and scared and more in want of Bex’s embrace than ever.

Phineas went to the door. “Happy Birthday, Mrs. Bex.” The man tipped his hat and left.

“Ester.”

“Yes, Papa.”

Her father’s upper lip went up and nothing came out for a few seconds. “Go to Bex. He made…mistakes. Still worthy of re-redempt—”

“Redemption?” Ester folded her arms about Papa. “I need to ask you something. You don’t have to answer. I know it’s not my business.”

Papa nodded.

“Why a mistress? We’d just moved to Nineteen Fournier. I thought we were all so happy.”

Her father looked down. “Forgot what made us work. Success can…can make you forget…struggle.”

She swallowed hard and witnessed a vulnerability she’d never seen in her big, tall hero. “Why did you keep the letters? If you had destroyed them, I’d never have known. Mama wouldn’t have read them.”

“I knew.” His shaky hand pointed to his forehead. “Up here. Needed reminder of the trust I broke. Mama, she…don’t just trust any…anyone.”

Ester swiped at the tears that came from his eyes. The fragility of love was so evident, so thick on his bruised lips. “Thank you for telling me, Papa. I’m so sorry for how I treated you.”

He worked his mouth and said, “Sorry, for disapp…pointing.” He held out his arms and she fell into them. She needed Papa’s arms. She needed him.

The bear hug grew tighter. “Can’t stand tall and proud for you anymore.”

She knelt beside his chair. “Mistakes, they need to be forgiven, but Papa, you stand tall to me even when you are sitting.”

He patted her shoulder. “Go to Bex. Tell him…sorry, too.”

Putting a palm to her empty bosom, she shrugged. “Papa. He’ll do dangerous things. I love him enough to let him go fight his fights, to be the man he is.” Wiping her cheek, she rose and started for the hall before she felt even sadder about Bex.

“Wait. Ester. The gift.”

She turned back. Fear ran through her. It would be something thoughtful that would break her heart all over again.

Sighing, almost praying that it was nothing personal, nothing that reminded her of how well he knew her, she took the box into her hands.

The ribbon bow came off easy in one pull. When she pried open the lid, her sketchbook lay open to pages with her dream name, Mrs. Arthur Bex, but underneath, the voluminous tissue paper wrapped something pale pink. She peeked at it, trying not to wrinkle any of the folds.

Papa grunted. “Well.”

Joy swept over her as she lifted the collar rimmed high in lace. The rest of the dress, with lines of pearl buttons from bosom to hem, shimmered in the light.

“He bought you a dress.” Papa fingered the falling sleeve. “Croome fabric. Good…taste.”

It was more than good taste. It was the dress she’d designed on their elopement trip. Bex had it created for her but had it made with a high neck. Theodosia could calculate how many guineas it had cost, but Ester knew it was an extravagance for a humbled man of modest means.

“Ester. Can…go get him…now?”

The knock on the door was louder than her thoughts of agreeing with Papa.

“Come in,” he said, clearer than before.

Clancy entered. “Mrs. Croome wants you both to come to dinner. The guests have arrived.”

Papa struggled to his feet. Cane in one hand, he held his other out for her. “Go.” He pulled her into a bear hug again. “Clancy…pull the carriage…my daughter must go.”

Her stubborn heart beat fast, then went wild. She wanted her husband, loved him more than her fears. “A chaperone must come, Papa.”

“You’re married. Don’t need one,” he said.

“But I’m asking for one, Papa. I’m asking for you. Will you come with me and give me your blessing?”

His half smile returned. “Yes. Let me tell Mama.”

They stepped out of his office to where Clancy stood. Smiling big, the butler held out his arm and helped Papa stroll the length of the hall.

The front door opened, and the groom announced the Jordans. Mrs. Jordan swept inside in a gown of gold. “Happy Birthday, Ester. Charles wanted me to tell you he couldn’t make it.”

Ester nodded, even as she sighed in relief. “Thank you, ma’am.”

Mr. Jordan had a snide look about him. “I heard you’ve been doing some traveling. You should’ve stayed. The headlines these past couple of weeks have been illuminating.”

He nudged his wife, and she giggled.

Surely, they knew about Bex, and Ester wished she had her ring on her finger and not on the coral necklace about her neck. “Yes, I only wish I could’ve shortened my trip to watch the installation of your gaslights. A reporter for The Morning Post thinks them faulty. It will make quite a headline once it’s proved true. But you know some papers don’t print truth.”

The look, the audible swallow, was worth it, to enjoy each second of Jordan’s sneer drop away.

“Does your father believe this lie?”

“Yes.” Ester smiled big as she took the necklace off and removed her ring. Sliding it onto her finger, she nodded at the squirming couple. “He’s waiting on proof, Mr. Jordan. It should be any day now. I wonder if Papa will sue to gain restitution for the workers that died.”

“I’m not feeling too well,” Jordan finally said. “Tell your parents sorry.” He spun his wife around and was out the door before Ester could count to twenty-one.

She heard the cane tapping, getting louder behind her.

By himself, Papa came and stood by her side. “We…back before…time to cut the cake. Before midnight.

Yes, they had to have Bex with them before midnight, or at least by five past. Then their life together wouldn’t just be a dream Ester had every night. It would be a wish come true.

…

Men packed the bottom level of the White Horse Cellar. Not a table up front was empty, but Arthur found a seat in the back. Covered by the low tallow light and his heavy greatcoat, he sat, wondering why he had come.

Yet, when Wilberforce offered his impassioned plea of the rights of every human, Arthur lifted his head and nodded in agreement. Just because he had failed didn’t make the cause of abolition a failure.

Wilberforce raised a shaking hand to his face, cupping his eyes. “You’ve heard my words, the ones of a man who is still in the fight, but now let’s hear from a younger man. Arthur Bex, come forward.”

The cheers stopped, and silence filled the cellar for exactly ten seconds. Then the boos started and lit a fire all the way around.

Arthur tried to rise, but his feet had turned to lead. He coughed and wiped at his face.

“Come on, Bex. Tell ’em.” It was Jonesy. The boy must’ve snuck away from watching Bex’s phaeton. So much for his one night in service as a groom.

The naysaying buzzed, thick like smoke in a warehouse, or like shouts against a boy testifying about murder. Arthur knew what was right, even if he was the only one. He had to do what was right. That meant he needed to stop hiding, to stand his ground and fight.

Now or never.

Arthur stood and moved through the crowd. He came to the chair that was being used as a stage. He leaped onto it and waved his arms and stared down the loudest accuser until all had quieted like an audience at Covent Gardens. “The stakes have never been higher. You must choose what’s right, what’s true.”

“Sit down, son of a slaver.”

The comment silenced the room. No doubt, everyone waited to see how Arthur would respond, but he hesitated.

“Bex was the slaver captain’s nephew, and Bex tried to stop the atrocities. What have you done?” The voice was Phineas’s, and it breathed new air into the Cellar’s stench.

“Who in here is not related to a thief, a liar, or a slaver?” Arthur’s voice took command of the stage, making everyone go still. “If one in here can say yes, then you’ve deceived yourself. You’ve lied to yourself. No one is clean. We’re all steeped in some secret sin.”

His voice boomed. The echo of it rippled across the quieted faces.

He raised his hands, becoming Antony sending his men to battle and Macduff slaying Macbeth’s evil minions. “Brothers, I’ve been ridiculed in all the papers, but I’m not the fight, just a speck of dust. Enslavement is a cobweb which sticks to every Englishman. The newspapers don’t decry the chains cast on our brothers. They discuss the loss of coins from the Zhonda. If they could show you the chained men stacked like fish for the lure of guineas, then you would know. As the nephew of a slaver—the worst slaver—I’ve seen it. I saw proud men, proud brothers locked in heavy iron chains, thrown to their deaths. If you saw it, if you’d known the evil, you’d join me in the fight.”

“You should know.” The snicker lofted above the silent crowd.

“You turned on your uncle and let him be killed over cargo. The slaves were cargo. They endangered the crew. Crew comes first.”

Arthur was losing them, but he’d not be stopped. “Brothers—”

“Crew come first. Crew come first. Lying actors last.” It was a handful, not the whole room, but the angry voices were loud.

“Cargo doesn’t scream. Cargo doesn’t gasp for air as the weight of chains drags them to the bottom. Cargo isn’t a man. Murder’s not how you treat a brother.”

“Traitor,” one man said. “You got your flesh-and-blood uncle hanged.”

“Doesn’t murder require justice?” The woman’s voice was low but grew louder. “Who’d not want justice for the killing of an uncle or brother?”

The shy voice silenced the crowd.

Ester? Ester’s voice had done it.

She was in the back of the room, standing by her father. “Would any of you want your uncle to die, chains wrapped around him, tossed overboard to drown? The Zhonda’s crew did that fifty times. Fifty murders witnessed by a young boy, a nephew who had the courage to try and stop evil. Who among you is that strong? None. But you sit in chairs or read papers and you mock him for doing what is right.”

“Of course, you would side with the actor.” A man stood and came toward her. “Look fellas, it’s one of those runaway slaves. Let’s get her and fetch a reward.”

Before the blackguard or Iagos could get anywhere near her, Bex jumped between them and had a fist ready to do damage. “I can do more than act. Touch her, and you’ll know how much of your life remains.”

The man backed away and eased to his seat. “You’re a big man, Bex, or whatever your name is. Get your maid and leave.”

“Bex, we should leave,” Ester said. “Why cast pearls before swine?”

“That one has a mouth on her.” The drunk made his table of buffoons laugh.

But Arthur had to agree, because he’d kissed those lips and he wanted to again and again. “She does, a beautiful one.” He took her arm and led her to a chair near Wilberforce. “Wait for me until I’m done.”

Another man pounded on the table. “Hey, if she’s up there, let her speak. Maybe she can tell us why we should listen to Bex?”

Before he could stop her, Ester bounced to her feet and faced the men. “Because I know Bex better than I know myself. If there’s a hard path, one that will help others, he’ll take the difficult road. He’ll take on your burdens and make them his own. So, when he tells you abolition is the cause of his heart, it’s true.”

Her clear voice, unwavering in support, made a difference. A few started to clap.

The drunk stood once more. “Why should we believe this woman? She speaks good. Could be another actor.”

She tugged off her glove and exposed her finger, the one showing her wedding ring.

Ester wore it again. His heart beat a little stronger, a little louder, but this could be Ester taking on a role to protect him. Acting would never do for Arthur. He needed her to love him, flaws and all. “You don’t—”

Her smile, the light in her eyes, silenced him. “I’m Mrs. Bex. I’m his wife. We’ve been meant for each other going on two years—the niece of an enslaved man and the good nephew of his slaver. If I, who has more grievances than any, can stand here with my knees knocking and tell you of the good in this man, then you should know it’s true.”

The room went silent again.

Arthur took her hand and put it on his arm. “No one can undo the past, gentlemen, but we can do what is right, now. The slave trade beyond our borders, in our colonies, must end.”

“What of America?” The voice was Phineas, and he seemed to be taking notes.

“The Americas aren’t a colony anymore. That little revolution in seventy-six changed things.”

The crowd snickered, and Arthur could feel they were with him again. “They’ll choose their own path, but we can be a beacon of light. They can follow us, and the world can change. We are all brothers and sisters, trying to do what is right. That’s our choice. Let’s do what is right and push for abolition everywhere.”

The applause started as he hoisted Ester in the air and tucked her safely at his side. He tipped his hat to Wilberforce and then to Phineas as he made his way to the back of the room.

“Mr. Croome, may I help you out of here?”

The man nodded. “Yes. Birthday cake, now.”

The man’s slurred command made sense. It was still Ester’s birthday. He took hold of his father-in-law near his mourning armband and let Mr. Croome put his full weight against him as they made it up the stairwell.

On the main level, Mr. Croome grasped Arthur’s lapel. “Son, can’t fight everyone.”

His heart warmed at the sentiment, son-ship. He hadn’t belonged to anyone in a long time, but there was still someone who needed to claim him. Arthur looked over to Ester and drank in her smile. “I won’t fight with your daughter anymore. She might take to the stage against me.”

“Whoa,” Croome said. “Don’t look at her like that.”

Arthur put her hand in his. “Sir, who else should I be looking at with all the love in my heart?”

“Fine. Come. Cake. Mrs. Croome.” Ester’s father was a big man, and if his shaking fist connected, it would have power. “We go now.”

Jonesy popped up at his side. “Mr. Bex, you and Mrs. Bex ready to go?”

“I’m leaving town after I get this young man a position as a groom. He’s loyal and dependable. He’d never lie or betray a trust.”

“Jonesy is a good one, says Mr. Bex.”

Mr. Croome rubbed his chin. “This fellow and I…have more in common…our good looks. Bex, come back for cake. Get us out trouble with Mrs. Croome…I’ll hire him.”

The young man jumped up and down. “Go for cake, Mr. Bex. Jonesy likes cake and a good job.”

Ester took hold of Arthur’s hand. His bare palm could feel her thin fingers sheathed in satin, melting into his. “Seems cake is a cause you can champion.”

“Jonesy, help Mr. Croome into his carriage. Sir, I’ll follow in my phaeton with your daughter, unless she wants to ride with you.”

Her father, with Jonesy’s help, climbed into his Berlin and slammed the door, but stuck his head out the window. “Cake before midnight.”

The carriage started to move, and Croome’s wonderful team of horses streaked forward in the night with Jonesy whooping for joy on the back.

Ester sighed. “Well, what do we do now?”

He put her palm in the crook of his arm and started walking around to the mews where he and Jonesy had left his phaeton. “I suppose we head for cake.”

In silence, he hitched up his horse as she sat along the rail. When he had everything ready, he put his arms about her waist and lifted her onto the seat. When he took his place beside her, she had the reins in her hand and started his horses before he could stop her.

“You intend on driving me, Ester?”

She didn’t say anything but kept the speed even.

He sat back and studied her beautiful form. “Have you been practicing? Your hand is steadier.”

“No, but I’ve more peace about me. I’m not fretting or rushing to be anywhere. I’m merely riding with you. Bex, thank you for my present. It was very thoughtful.”

He folded his arms. “Just because you stopped loving me, didn’t mean I stopped loving you, or that I didn’t think about you every moment.”

“Arthur Bex, I’ve loved you for two years. You think that went away because I was mad? It didn’t, just my hearing stopped. I didn’t give you a chance to explain. I’m sorry, very sorry.”

“Ester, what did you say that wasn’t right? I take risks.”

“A lot of things. I owed you a fair hearing. And yes, you face risks. In that cellar, many of them don’t want change. You’re in danger.”

“Wilberforce has lived all these years. I’ll be fine. After cake, I intend to do some traveling, anyway, and let tensions cool.”

“I won’t cool for you. My emotions have always been high-strung, irrational, really—all about you.”

When they came closer to the Thames and the warehouse district, she slowed the gig, making the animals come to a complete stop. “I won’t be fine without you. I was too stubborn to admit how much I need you. Too stubborn to see that you were trying to hide me from the ugliness. You and Papa are very much alike. Maybe that is why I love you both so much.”

His heart began to beat a little faster, but the things that drew them apart where still there. “I’m a flawed man, Ester, not one of the heroes I play on the stage. I don’t want to be the one to disappoint you. I can’t stop fighting for the causes I believe in. Maybe the cost for us to be together is too high.”

She crawled into his arms and grabbed his lapel. “You listen to me Bex-Bexeley. You love me, and you know it, and that’s enough. I don’t want you to stop being you. I believe in us, and I know you have to fight. You just need to be prepared for me to be at your side. If you fight, I fight with you.”

He wrapped her in his embrace, drawing her to that space reserved for her against his chest. “I’ll be as safe as I can be. I’ll think through things. I’ll prepare, even if it’s merely a trip across town. You are my bride. I won’t put lines on your forehead unnecessarily. I want to be with you forever, Ester. But I can’t promise to run from danger. Sometimes the cause of justice is dangerous.”

“I know, Bex. I know.”

“But know, Ester, I will be as safe as I can. I want to come home to you. Your love is the home I need. Can we start again?”

“Yes. I’m saying yes to Arthur Bex-Bexeley. Yes, to us. I believe in us again. I found my faith to believe again.”

He shifted and sank on one knee. “You proposed to me first, Ester, and now I propose to you. Love me. Love me like I love you. Every inch of my heart is yours. My voice, my body is yours. Be my wife for as long as we both shall live.

She clasped his hands and kissed his thumbs. “I love you, your strength, and how you know me. I love how you let me be me, and I promise to let you be you. We’re better together.” She laid her forehead against his. “I’ll always want you, from this day forward for as long as we both shall live.”

Who began the kiss, he wasn’t sure, didn’t truly care, but with her arms about his neck and access to her kissable throat, he was home. They’d found each other again, and this time he’d never let her go, never let anything but a blanket or a bathtub come between them.

A bell tolled in the distance. Twelve long gongs. “Midnight, and we are still here, Ester. This love must be true, not make-believe.”

“Midnight.” She bolted upright but stayed in the circle of his arms and took up the reins. “We have to get to Nineteen Fournier. I need to be home to cut the cake and you, you need to be at my side.”

He sat, tilted back his hat, and let her take control of his phaeton. He’d take charge when it counted, when all the birthday guests were gone, when her parents had turned in and he and Mrs. Bex were quite alone.





Epilogue

Wearing her new salmon-pink birthday dress, Ester blinked a few times in a futile attempt to keep her eyes open while sitting on the couch on the parlor. She raised her arms and tried one more time to loop the thick wool yarn about her knitting needle. Tired from her long, long night, she yawned.

She and Arthur had made it to Nineteen Fournier well after midnight, but Mama had waited for them and made a great deal of pomp of the newlyweds standing side-by-side, cutting the three-tier cake with bliss icing.

Her mother had made it like a wedding cake, the one they’d missed by eloping. They had their first dance with real music, not merely to rhythms in her head or barge horns. Her husband was quite the dancer, something the papers had also reported wrong. But maybe he’d never had the right partner. For the twinkle in his eye had been perfect as he’d twirled her about the chalked floor. Then they’d disappeared to her room and made perfection.

Absence made the heart fonder, and his hand had known exactly how to wander. She chuckled. The pink room was too feminine, but Bex had made the best of it, whispering her name with that deep timbre in his voice.

What a wonder to have her own private concert with Bex, the hero of her dreams, and she willingly became his Juliet, his Katerine, and even Cleopatra—without all the betrayal and the dying. Ester felt blessed upon being blessed, to have the man she loved loving her, and she, all of him.

“Hold the needle more stiffly,” Mrs. Fitterwall said as she refreshed the pot of tea. “Maybe if you get more sleep it would be easier for you.”

The red-haired woman cast her a wicked smile before she scurried out the door.

Cheeks warming, Ester tried again to loop the yarn to cast a stitch, but it slipped. “Another fallen one, Mama. I’ll never get this right. Mama?”

The woman stared ahead for half a minute before turning and looking in Ester’s direction. “What?”

“The stitch, Mama. I’m failing.”

Her mother picked up the twist of yellow yarn that was supposed to be a woolen baby’s cap. “Good thing your friend’s lying-in is at the Yuletide. You’ve a few months to practice, or that baby will be hatless.”

The noise of the front door opening sent a tingle up Ester’s spine. Bex had gone with Papa to look at the raising of the warehouse, and she was anxious when the two most important men in her life left Nineteen Fournier. “Hopefully, Bex and Papa have returned early with no incidents.”

“Your father is getting stronger, but having your husband here, I think, is good for him. Papa loves his girls, but he always wanted a son. Hopefully, you and Bex will stay. We’ve plenty of room.”

Having Bex about was good for everyone, but he hadn’t said if he wanted to reside at Nineteen Fournier. “He lives in Cheapside. His flat is pretty nice.”

“But can it compete with our bathtub? And you’ve no waiting for it here.”

And the knowledge that everyone was safe within these protective walls. Yes, Ester wanted to live here. “Bex is considering it, as he decides what he’ll do next.”

The door to the parlor flung open and in came Frederica, carried by Lord Hartwell. His emerald green frock coat flapped from side to side as he came close to the couch.

Ester leaped up, dropping her foul needles. “Frederica, what happened?”

“I’m fine.” Her friend’s cheeks seemed flushed like she had a fever. “I am such a ninny to be spooked on my horse. I’m not a schoolgirl.”

“She won’t let me check her ankle,” Hartwell said. “I think she needs a physician.”

Tall Frederica looked so tiny in the man’s big arms. Her deep ocean-blue riding habit had mud stains.

Lord Hartwell seemed very concerned, his face a riddle of fretful lines. “I escorted my father to the Duke of Simone’s for an early meeting, when I saw this lady riding like a crazed rabbit. You looked very scared, Miss Burghley, barely able to hold on to your seat.”

She pushed at her dark bonnet with its point like a pirate captain’s hat. “Thank you, Lord Hartwell. You can put me down now.”

The man startled, as if the concept was foreign to him, then eased her onto the couch. “You’re lucky I am quick on my feet. I was able to borrow a horse and catch you, but not before your gelding tossed you into those bushes. Ladies, she demanded I bring her here and not to her father’s.”

“It was only a couple of miles.” She blew at her falling curls. “Maybe ten.”

The man frowned and sighed at the same time. “Miss Burghley.”

Frederica yanked leaves from the gold braid trimming her sleeves. “I don’t want the duke to be concerned. He spent a great deal on my lessons. He’ll be so upset to know I was thrown. I’m such a ninny.” She tugged on her lapels as if that would right how disheveled she appeared. “You won’t tell him, will you, my lord?”

“I’ll keep your confidence, Miss Burghley, if you’ll seek medical attention.”

“I’m fine.” Frederica rose, as if to prove him wrong, but wobbled like a lame pony.

The viscount folded his arms. “See how much worse it has become with the thirty-minute ride over here? I shouldn’t have listened to you.”

“It’s my powers of persuasion, my lord.” Frederica flopped into the side chair. “I’m good at persuasion. I just need to rest. Please don’t tell the duke. I don’t want him to be concerned. And don’t tell your brother. Theodosia can’t be upset.”

Tucking his hands into his coat, he nodded. “As you wish. However, if you do not send me a note in a few days telling me you’re dancing on the moon again, I’ll consult your father.” He nodded his head. “Mrs. Bex, Mrs. Croome. Send a note, Miss Burghley.”

At the sound of the outer door closing, vibrating, Frederica sank fully into the chair, as if a pin had pricked and deflated her, letting all the hot air out.

“Dear, you look quite ill.” Mama moved to her and put a hand on her forehead. “You feel warm. Let me send for a doctor.”

“Please, Mrs. Croome—

Waggling her finger, Mama was already out of the parlor.

“Frederica, you’re in Croome territory, so sit back and take it. My mother rules here. The strong woman knows best.” Ester picked up the yarn again before putting the tangled strings on the table. “You’re such a good rider. What happened?”

“I think,” Frederica said, her voice sounding low. “Someone wants to kill me.”

“What?”

Her friend lifted her swollen ankle up onto the table. “Well, he didn’t exactly say those words, but something to the effect of if he couldn’t have me, no one would.”

“Did you hit your head, Frederica? That’s not funny.”

She rubbed at her brow. “Someone vicious is answering my newspaper advertisement. I received another threatening note saying he’s watching me. The note described the dress I wore to yesterday’s outing at the Burlingame Arcade. He had it perfectly, down to the gold pins in my hair.”

“Someone is having fun. Since my marriage to Bex is more public, I think any of us Blackamoors that straddle the classes are gaining more attention. You saw Gilroy’s awful cartoon of yesterday’s meeting in the cellar.” She held the picture up, resisting the urge to shred it. “I could laugh off Bex and I with a half-black, half-white baby, or even Wilberforce with a Blackamoor woman on his lap, but showing Papa on a table playing his cane as if it were a fiddle… That’s outrageous.”

“Horrible. How did Mr. Croome take it?”

“Papa hasn’t seen it, but Mama has, and she’s been very quiet. You being here will give her a distraction.”

Frederica put her head back. “I’m glad my life crisis can be of use. Has your husband seen that dribble?”

“No, but he will. We have no secrets.”

Leaning forward, her friend sat up, her mouth falling open. “None? Not even something for convenience?”

“None, Frederica.”

She flopped again into the chair. “What am I going to do? This note wasn’t in my box at Burlingame. It came to my father’s house this morning. The duke will find out.”

Ester stood and took hold of Frederica’s palm. “Whatever this is, we’ll face it. No one’s going to hurt you.”

Frederica shook her head, sending her tight ringlets jiggling. “The scandalmongers will ruin me. My father will disown me and make a new family with Miss Stevens.”

Giving Frederica a big hug, Ester picked straw from her golden curls. “You’re overreacting. This is some horrible joke. It’ll pass. Stay here for the next few days. All will calm down.”

Mrs. Fitterwall and Mama returned.

“Come on, Miss Burghley.” They came on either side of her.

The housekeeper had Frederica lean more upon her. “Upstairs with you and soak that foot. The physician will be here soon.”

Ester arose to help, but Mama’s icy stare made her sit back down. “Miss Burghley will be down for dinner. You two can begin your scheming then. Jonesy says that the carriage has pulled up. You need to see if your husband will commit to living here. That’s your one task. Ruth and her son will be coming at the end of the month. My family will be whole. That’s my wish.”

There was no out-talking Mama. “Yes, ma’am.” Ester sat back down and took up the horrible knitting needle again as the women helped her friend out of the parlor.

In a couple of minutes, the sounds of laughter came from the hall, loud, deep masculine voices.

Bex opened the door to the parlor. “Sir, you want to come inside here or to your study?”

“I’m going to let…you two have pri…be alone.” He offered a big smile to her. “Daughter.”

Ester smiled big, too. One of her heroes was walking a little better. The other gave her a smile that would melt icehouses.

Papa slid off his coat and handed it to Jonesy, then pushed his hat to the boy, too.

Jonesy stood proud, grinning in his new shiny blue livery as he loaded up his arms with their outer gear before dashing off.

Clancy shook his head. He didn’t look happy, but he didn’t look sad, either. Maybe he’d get used to all the additions to Nineteen Fournier.

“Clancy,” Papa said, “help me to my study. Chess later, Bex. I…look forward.”

“Yes, sir,” her husband said. “It’ll be my pleasure.”

Ester laughed as Bex closed the door. “You know Papa will keep you busy until you tell him what he wants.”

“What could that be?” He tugged at his cream and gold waistcoat as he sat beside her, yanking at his dark blue breeches, yawning loud and long.

She wasn’t the only one who was sleepy, and that made her smile grow wider. “He wants you to agree to live here.”

His face became serious with a hint of a frown as he picked up her awful needlework. “Well, you said you weren’t a couch woman who could knit. You were truthful. What is it?”

“A cap for Theodosia’s new baby-to-be.”

He twirled the yellow thing about his pinky. “Yes, I can see that now. Will the baby have one tiny head or four?”

She gave him an elbow. “No. Don’t even think that about a sweet baby.”

Bex picked up the newspaper. “Well, you’re already bored with me. Tsk. Checking the advertisement section for someone new?”

He flipped the paper open before she could stop him, and he landed on the fold with Gilroy’s caricature of the abolitionist meeting last night. His expression became dour. “That woman looks nothing like you. Your curves are larger and more delightful. But you do look very well in your birthday…dress.”

Face fevering, she shook her head.

He sighed. “Ester, I didn’t want you and your father bandied about in the papers.” He dumped the pages back to the table. “I’m more trouble than I am worth.”

“Not possible.” She reached for him, loving the scent of chamomile and honey on his breath. When she kissed his frown away, she leaned her head on his chest, that spot made for her. “Absolutely worth it. So much so that both my parents want to know if you will live here.”

“You think you can butter me up, kissing me with the softest lips I’ve ever known?”

She smiled up at him, staring at him with confidence in their love. “Yes.”

“Keep trying, then, Ester. It may help me come to a decision about something. The weather. Dinner? Something.”

She elbowed him again.

“Will you quit? You’re going to bruise a rib.”

She shook her head. “Bex, I do want to be here. I feel like I’m getting to know my mother all over again. And it does my heart good to see Papa moving about with a sharp, clear mind, even if his speech isn’t quite there.

Bex kissed her forehead. “Well, chess will involve vocal lessons. I’m going to see if practice can help.”

“My sister, Ruth, and her son, they’ll be coming soon. With you here, everything’s complete, but I understand if you want to leave. As your wife, I’ll go with you. I won’t live without you.”

“Not in a Cleopatra kind of way?” He eyed her suspiciously. “I know my love is powerful, but it shouldn’t lead to a suicide.”

She frowned at him. “Do you want another elbow to the ribs?”

“So violent, madam? Cheapside offers many things, but a family it doesn’t. And you’ve hired my Jonesy. How can I get by without him?”

She elbowed him.

“Oh, and there are your parents. It is quite nice to have parents again.”

She coughed and tapped her arm against his side.

“Woman, you might actually hurt something with those sharp lotion-needing elbows. Yes, Ester, we can stay. I’d be honored.” He put his thumb to his chin.

“What? What is it, Bex?”

“The theater manager called. They want me to be Romeo in their next production. It seems they will be ending Antony and Cleopatra early. If I agree, I’ll get six benefit nights for my troubles. He believes the scandal has made me a more famous man and wants to take advantage of my infamy.”

It sounded like a good offer, but Bex didn’t seem happy with it. Ester brushed his cheek. “But that’s not what you want.”

Taking her hand, he put it to his heart. “Wilberforce spent over eight thousand pounds to secure the votes for a seat in Parliament. One more run at the theater and I might have enough to try for this borough.”

Her husband seemed very serious; his cobalt-blue eyes were bright and happy.

“What are you asking me, Bex?”

“You should really try calling me Arthur, especially if I run for Parliament under my given name. My now famous given name. Oliver Arthur Bexeley for Parliament. Living here, though not a requirement, would make sense if this is the place I represent.”

“You would be wonderful, Oliver Arthur Bexeley, and I would love to build our family in this home.” She kissed his finger. “But, I still like Bex. It’s short and sweet. It’s like a quick kiss.”

He swept her into arms. “I’m a man given to strong passions. Will the intensity of our love frighten the residents of Nineteen Fournier?”

Cheeks burning, she pushed from his chest. “Not as much as your scaling of the walls to reach the third floor.”

“Does that mean I’ll always have an easy path to my bashful bride?”

“Always. We can do anything, survive anything, together. I have faith in you and me.”

He picked her up in the air and held her as if she was flying. “I still love how you blush. I think we should go up to your room, our room, and shed it of its pinkness. Did I mention you are mighty pink, too?” His laugh was knowing and infectious. “Then I’ll interview you, Mrs. Bexeley.”

“Interview me?”

“Yes, I want you to practice saying my whole name. I’d like to test my skill at teaching you direct address, making you repeat, I love you, Arthur, I need you, Arthur. Yes, dearest Arthur.”

Cheeks on fire, she shook her head. “Put me down…dearest Arthur.”

With a kiss, he lowered her then led her to the door. “We have a pink mission, Mrs. Bexeley. Don’t fret. We’ll be most careful on this joint endeavor.”

Tangling her fingers within his, Ester looked forward to all the things she and Mr. Bexeley would do together.





Did you love this book from Entangled’s Amara imprint? Check out more of our titles here!

Don’t miss Vanessa Riley’s next book! Sign up for our newsletter here!





Acknowledgments

Vanessa here.

I hope you enjoyed Ester’s and Arthur’s story. This one was special, because of the true history that I wove into this novel. I hope you were able to see the joy of reconciliation in this tale. But here is the history that I used to build their world.

Fournier Street is part of Spitalfields, London, developed by the French Huguenot immigrants dating from around 1720. The townhouses here were large but fell into disrepair and out of favor. I imagine by 1800s they could be assessable to lease or purchase by parts of the Blackamoor and mulatto communities of London, which had grown in wealth but could not purchase in areas like Cheapside or Mayfair.

The slave ship Zhonda is modeled after the Zong. The Zong carried slaves described as chattel from Africa in 1781. The trip, captained by Luke Collingwood, was overcrowded and under-provisioned. When the enslaved began to die of disease and malnutrition, Collingwood and his crew threw more than 132 men into the sea, jettisoning the cargo. An insurance claim filed on the lost ‘cargo’ was determined to pay more than the sale of the sick and malnourished men, but the claim failed. The judge, Lord Mansfield, ruled the Zong for negligence, so the captain and ship owner never recovered the money for this claim. Nonetheless, no one was held legally accountable for the deaths.

William Wilberforce (1759-1833) was a politician and abolitionist that played a pivotal role in the passage of the Slave Trade Act of 1807. This formally ended England’s role in the active slave trade involving the mainland, but not in English colonies such as the West Indies or South Africa. Wilberforce spent over £8,000 to ensure he received enough votes to become an elected member of Parliament, and used his position, his faith, and his money to promote the cause of abolition.

The cartoon described by Ester is called “The New Union Club,” created by George Cruikshank in 1819. It depicts a wild scene of what everyone feared would happen if intermarriage increased and abolition won the day. The picture includes Billy Waters, Zachariah Macauley, William Wilberforce. See it at http://bit.ly/2ITp4nh.

Also see the picture of Josiah Wedgwood’s Medallion, “Am I Not a Man and a Brother?” at my website.





About the Author

Award winning, Amazon Bestselling author Vanessa Riley writes historical romances set in England in the 1800s, giving voice to the voiceless ten thousand people of color who loved, laughed, and lived full lives, even as the sands of time buried their stories. Her novels focus on the ten-thousand–person Blackamoor and mulatto population inhabiting London during the time of Jane Austen. These people were free, and as some gained wealth, some intermarried, but all mingled in society.

The author of The Bittersweet Bride, Madeline’s Protector, Swept Away, Unmasked Heart, The Bargain, and Unveiling Love, she has won the Beacon Award, the Colorado Award of Excellence, and placed in the International Digital Awards with her Regency romances. She lives in Atlanta with her career-military husband and precocious child. You can catch her writing from the comfort of her southern porch with a cup of Earl Grey tea. Stop by her website, www.vanessariley.com and join her mailing list to keep in touch.

Discover the Advertisements for Love series…

The Bittersweet Bride

The Butterfly Bride





Discover more Amara titles…





When a Lady Desires a Wicked Lord


a Her Majesty’s Most Secret Service novel by Tara Kingston

Alexandra Quinn is stunned when the man who’d shattered her young heart rescues her from an intruder at the last minute. Forced to work with the rakish viscount, Alex knows better than to trust Benedict, but the wicked promise in his kiss tempts her. Lord Marlsbrook never wanted to be a hero but a killer has targeted the only woman he’s ever loved. He’ll do whatever it takes to protect Alex—even from himself.





On Highland Time


a novel by Lexi Post

When someone changes history, affecting the future, Diana Montgomery, the most experienced agent of Time Weavers, Inc., travels back to 1306 Scotland to change it back. Her mission, to find the culprit and ensure a minor clan chief dies in battle as he originally had. What she’s not prepared for is Torr MacPherson, the ruggedly handsome warrior with a kind heart and a steadfast loyalty—the Laird she’s supposed to ensure dies.





A Perilous Passion


a Wanton in Wessex novel by Elizabeth Keysian

Determined to redeem his honor after a humiliating military defeat, the Earl of Beckport is living incognito, hunting a band of smugglers at the center of a French plot to invade England. Beautiful, enigmatic Charlotte Allston instantly becomes a person of interest to the earl…and not just in the smuggling case. Passion flares between the two. But when her attempts to help with his secret mission only endanger it, he must question where her loyalty truly lies.





To Love a Scandalous Duke


a Once Upon a Scandal novel by Liana De la Rosa

Declan Sinclair is devastated to discover his brother has been murdered, and he’s the new Duke of Darington. Clues point to one man, and, he resolves to destroy the culprit. If only the killer’s daughter didn’t tempt his resolve. Lady Alethea Swinton has cultivated a pristine reputation. But she’s willing to court scandal to help handsome Declan uncover the truth behind his brother’s death. Until she realizes Declan’s revenge will mean her family’s ruin.





