Mr. Right Next Door


Book Six in the Camp Firefly Falls Series





Farrah Rochon





Contents


Copyright



Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8



Camp Firefly Falls

Also by Farrah Rochon

About the Author





Copyright © 2016 by Farrah Roybiskie

All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without written permission from the author, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.



ISBN: 978-1-938125-34-8





Chapter One





“I’ll be damned if I’ll sit here all weekend long.”

Leah Cross pushed herself up from the chaise lounge in her bedroom and stomped over to her closet. The clothes she’d packed for this weekend’s aborted trip to Camp Firefly Falls were still folded neatly in the navy blue packing cubes her sister had given her for last year’s tour of Europe—yet another vacation that never came to be because the man in her life decided against it. She would not have a repeat of Europe. No way. Not gonna happen.

She might not make it to Camp Firefly Falls, but she was going somewhere this weekend. She would not spend the next three days staring at these walls, analyzing what had led to the implosion of her relationship with Derrick Jackson Montgomery the Third.

His smug ass was always so proud of the Third. Wore it like a badge of honor. She’d foolishly allowed herself to be taken in by all that polish, not recognizing just how tarnished Derrick the Third was on the inside.

Leah pointed to herself in the mirror that hung on the back door of her closet.

“Honey, you are better off without him. You’re so much better off it’s not even funny.”

No, it definitely was not funny. None of this was funny.

For the second time in her short thirty-three years, a man she’d been engaged to marry had told her he no longer wanted to marry her.

At least with Joshua she’d had some warning. Well, if one could call walking into her ex’s office after-hours to find his bare ass up in the air while he thrust against the nighttime security guard at the finance firm where they both worked a warning. He hadn’t even chosen the cute security guard. He’d picked the one with the bad hair weave who always wore way too much lipstick.

But at least Leah had known things were over after that fiasco. Derrick’s declaration had come out of nowhere. And just when she was finally getting close to picking a date for their wedding.

Okay, she was getting close to settling on a month, not an actual date.

He’d had the nerve to use that as one of his excuses last night. Claiming that she was the one dragging her feet. She hadn’t been entirely sure yet, but at least she’d finally decided that she wanted a spring wedding. Of course, since spring had just passed they would have to wait until next year, but she’d given him a timeframe. What more did he want?

It didn’t matter anymore because Derrick Jackson Montgomery the Third no longer wanted to get married.

“Asshole.”

Leah’s hands fell still, the lightweight sweater she’d picked up remained clutched between her fingers. Seconds stretched into a full minute as reality began to sink in.

She’d been dumped. Again.

How had she let this happen? How had she not seen the signs? And what did this say about her ability to read people? How could she ever trust her instincts when it came to men if, for the second time, she’d been blindsided by a man she’d been prepared to spend her life with?

Leah slouched against the closet wall.

She’d spent more than a year cultivating her relationship with Derrick, only to have it end with a ten minute explanation of all the reasons he no longer thought they “fit.” An entire year wasted.

Well, she wasn’t wasting any more time on him.

She didn’t even know where she was going, she just knew she could not stay in this house all weekend. She would go insane.

Are you really going to do this?

“Yes.” Leah’s strident proclamation echoed around the walk-in closet. The alternative was to spend the weekend reexamining every insignificant thing that had happened over the past thirteen months. Derrick wasn’t worth the time or energy.

She pulled her carry-on bag from the top shelf, brought it over to her bed, and placed the mesh packing cubes neatly inside. She grabbed her toiletry bag and makeup case from the bathroom, but then tossed the makeup case back on the counter.

Why even bother with makeup? It wasn’t as if she had anyone to get dolled up for.

You have yourself, dammit! That’s enough.

She would not allow her ex to turn her into some broken, heartsick woman who didn’t bother to comb her hair or wear lip gloss. She threw in an extra razor and her favorite black currant-scented lotion, the one she couldn’t wear around Derrick because he was allergic.

She gave herself a mental slap to the forehead. Why hadn’t she thought to douse him with the lotion last night? Talk about a lost opportunity. She’d pay good money to see those itchy red bumps pop up on his skin.

Leah paused in the middle of zipping up the carry-on, waiting for her guilty conscience to reprimand her for her sadistic thoughts. The guilt never came. Instead, she thought about how much fun it would be to shove Derrick into a mound of red ants while he was still itching from the lotion. It would be nothing less than he deserved. After all, because of him she was out two thousand dollars.

Dammit, she hadn’t even thought about that until now.

If he’d had the decency to break up with her two weeks ago, at least she would have been able to get fifty percent of the money she’d paid for the retreat. The bastard waited until last night—last night—to tell her he no longer wanted to get married. Now she was stuck paying for a retreat she couldn’t even attend.

Leah picked up the brochure from her dresser and began to thumb through it.

When Derrick first came to her with the idea to attend Camp Firefly Falls, Leah had laughed off the suggestion. The notion of two adults going to summer camp seemed silly. Summer camp was for kids.

When she discovered that it was actually a couple’s retreat, she’d started to warm up to the idea. But when Derrick revealed that it was his mother’s idea—because the daughter of one of the women in her gardening club had attended a similar retreat and claimed it did wonders for her new marriage—Leah had been adamant that they not attend. She didn’t want to set a precedent where her future mother-in-law thought it was okay to meddle in their relationship.

But as she further researched the camp, she decided that maybe a weekend with marriage experts would help her figure out why she suffered light panic attacks whenever she so much as passed a bridal magazine in the grocery store.

Well, she didn’t need those experts now, did she?

She tossed the brochure on the bed and picked up her carry-on. It didn’t matter that she had no clue where to go. She would just get in her car and drive. It had been ages since she’d done anything that wasn’t planned down to the millisecond. A little spontaneity this weekend would do her a world of good.

She rolled the carry-on out to her black Mustang and popped the trunk. The muscle car was her one foray into rebellion. Her mother had gasped at her choice, but the thought of sitting behind the wheel of a sensible, boring sedan nearly caused Leah to break out in hives.

As she lowered the trunk, she caught sight of her neighbor, Caleb Scott, standing in the middle of his driveway, his expression none too pleased. Another man sat behind the wheel of a cherry red convertible, his hands outstretched in a pleading gesture. Now that was a nice car.

Leah opened her trunk again and pretended to look for something inside. She peered around the side of it, straining to hear what they were arguing about.

Fine, so she was nosy. Sue her.

Caleb stood with his arms crossed as he listened to whatever the guy in the convertible had to say. She could only catch a few words here and there, but her neighbor’s body language spoke volumes. His shoulders were rigid with annoyance, his jaw stiff. Leah noticed that he hadn’t bothered to shave yesterday’s five-o’clock shadow. The effect was pretty damn devastating.

Caleb was hot. It was a statement of fact, like saying the sky was blue or Jersey PATH trains smelled like corn chips and sweat in the middle of July. Leah felt zero guilt in admiring what God had undoubtedly put on this earth for all to appreciate.

The guy behind the wheel started to open his door, but Caleb put a stop to it, pushing it close.

Oh, yeah. Convertible Guy had definitely made it to the top of Caleb’s shit list.

Not wanting to get caught spying on his conversation, she went back inside to get her room diffuser. She couldn’t go to bed without the scent of lavender in the air. When she emerged from the front door, the convertible was backing out of Caleb’s driveway.

She didn’t want to pry, but it didn’t seem very neighborly not to ask if he was okay. Leah made her way across the small patch of grass that bisected their two driveways. Caleb stood with his head tilted up at the sky.

“Hi there,” Leah said.

He looked over, his expression still agitated. It softened when he noticed it was her.

“Hey, Leah. How’s it going?”

“Looks as if I’m the one who should be asking you that question.” She motioned to where the convertible had taken off. “Is everything okay?”

The faint frown lines bracketing his mouth reappeared. “Yeah, I’m okay. I just may have to murder my friends, that’s all.”

“Oh, well if that’s all,” she said with a nonchalant wave.

He laughed then, the deep chuckle causing an oddly exciting tingle to travel along her skin. Why hadn’t she noticed his laugh before?

“My friends and I were supposed to go on a fishing trip this weekend, but they all bailed on me at the last minute.”

“That…well, that kinda sucks.”

“It sucks big time, but I can’t say I blame them. If I had to choose between sharing a rundown fishing cabin with a bunch of guys and hanging out with my girlfriend, I’d choose the girlfriend too.”

“Except you don’t have a girlfriend do you?” she asked without thinking.

“Thanks for pointing that out,” he said with a grin.

Leah had no doubt her normally light brown cheeks were now flaming red.

“I’m so sorry,” she apologized. “I didn’t mean for that to sound the way it did. I mean, it’s not as if you couldn’t get a girlfriend. I’m sure if you tried…”

Okay, stop talking! Goodness, what was wrong with her!

“I’m going to shut up now,” Leah said.

Caleb only laughed harder. “No, really, it’s okay. Like I said, I don’t blame them for choosing to spend the weekend with their girlfriends. It’s just that I requested today and Monday off for this fishing trip. I could have saved those two vacation days for something else later in the year.”

“Is fishing alone out of the question?” she asked. “I’ve never gone fishing before, so I don’t know if there are unwritten rules about it.”

“Actually, I would go by myself, but I happen to be without a truck,” Caleb explained. “It’s getting serviced this weekend. I specifically planned it that way because I figured I’d be at the lake with the guys.” He ran a hand over his closely-cropped hair. “I guess I can finally paint the shutters. Not exactly how I’d planned to spend my weekend, but it’s better than loafing around the house.”

Leah grimaced. “That’s a crappy use of your vacation days.”

He hunched his shoulders in a what are you going to do gesture.

“Sorry again about your friends bailing on you. Believe me, I know how that feels.” She pointed to her house. “I should probably get going. I’ll see you around.”

He responded with a wave. “Enjoy your weekend.”

Leah went back inside and parked herself in front of her computer. She was giving herself exactly ten minutes to figure out where she wanted to spend her weekend, then she would get on the road.

Maybe she could drive up to Niagara Falls or go down to the Poconos? For a moment she considered checking into the Waldorf or the Mandarin Oriental and treating herself to a couple days of pampering. But she wasn’t in the mood for a luxury hotel.

She wanted to go to Camp Firefly Falls, dammit! Once she’d warmed to the idea of spending time in the mountains, she’d actually gotten excited about it.

Leah pushed away from the computer and went back to her bedroom, lifting the brochure from where she’d tossed it on her bed.

This weekend’s retreat was billed as an opportunity to learn and grow in your relationship. From the newly engaged, to the recently married, to the longtimers; all were encouraged to participate, with the rationale that there was something that could be learned at any stage of a marriage.

The one demographic that wasn’t included in any of the advertisements was singles. But did that mean she couldn’t go?

Yes, it did. It was a couples retreat.

She crumpled the brochure and stomped over to the wastebasket next to her dresser, pitching it in there with such force that it popped right out and onto the floor.

Leah stuck her tongue out at it.

It wasn’t her fault she was no longer part of a couple. Why did she have to miss out on what could have been a nice, relaxing vacation, just because her fiancé turned out to be an asshole? Hell, she deserved a vacation after what she’d been through these past twenty-four hours.

Based on the pictures she’d seen of the campgrounds online, Camp Firefly Falls was the ideal spot for her to unwind. So maybe she wouldn’t get to participate in any of the activities. That didn’t mean she couldn’t float around in the lake, nap in a hammock, even do a little hiking if she wanted to.

Okay, she wasn’t really the hiking kind, but that’s only because she’d never tried. There was a possibility that she would actually enjoy it.

Even if she spent the entire weekend lounging around with a good book, at least the money she’d spent wouldn’t go to waste. Well, her portion of the trip wouldn’t go to waste. She would just have to consider the money she’d spent on Derrick a loss.

Unless…

Leah glanced over at where the rumpled brochure still sat next to the curved foot of her Queen Anne dresser. She then looked toward her window. She couldn’t see past the sheer curtains, but she knew what stood just beyond the pane of glass. Her next-door neighbor’s house.

Would he?

“That’s crazy, Leah,” she said.

She’d lived next door to Caleb Scott for little over a year, but if someone were to offer her a million bucks to state ten facts about him, she’d be out a million bucks. It would be crazy to invite him to join her.

But he was so upset about missing out on his fishing trip this weekend.

“There’s fishing at Camp Firefly Falls.”

There was also two nonrefundable slots for this weekend’s retreat that would go to waste.

Her decision made, Leah walked over to the dresser and picked up the crumpled brochure. She marched out of her house and across the lawn before she could talk herself out of it.



Caleb continued his profanity-riddled soliloquy as he put away the fishing gear he’d packed for this weekend’s trip. He’d bought a brand new tackle box, not because he wanted to impress anyone, but because it had been so long since he’d been fishing that his other one had rusted out. He wouldn’t be surprised if the same thing happened to this one.

With this group of friends, it probably would.

“Consider it payback,” he said as he set the container of bass fishing lures on the shelf.

How many times had he bailed on his friends in the past? Times when his job had taken precedence over everything else. Glenn still hadn’t forgiven him for letting that Knicks playoff ticket go to waste years ago.

Besides, as far as Devon, Marcus, and Glenn knew, this weekend was nothing more than a run-of-the-mill fishing trip. A time for the four of them to get away from the city and catch up. But it was more than that. It was so damn much more. His friends had no clue what was at stake for him.

Maybe you should have told them?

Sure. That would happen. And the Washington Nationals would win the NLCS ten years in a row.

Caleb could hardly stomach talking to himself about the decision he had to make in just a few short days. How could he ever summon the courage to talk about it with his friends?

With two tours in Iraq and more than a dozen undercover operations under his belt, coward was the last word anyone would think of to describe him. But more and more lately, that’s how Caleb felt. He damn near lost his lunch just at the thought of going back out into the field again.

He blew out a deep breath and ran a hand down his face.

A decision had to be made. Period. His lieutenant wouldn’t take another excuse.

Caleb had hoped to have a couple of peaceful days at the lake where he could clear his mind and figure out his next move, but he knew better than most that you didn’t always get what you wanted. He would just have to figure things out right here at home. He’d have to break in his brand new Pflueger graphite rod and reel combo some other time.

Caleb looked around the garage.

Shit. He’d left his new fishing rod outside.

His garage door had been making that rattling noise again, so he took the long way through the kitchen to the front door. When he opened it he found Leah Cross standing just on the other side, her finger heading for the doorbell.

“Oh!” She took a step back. “Hey!”

“Hey again,” Caleb replied. He peered beyond either side of her, looking out at the front lawn. “Everything okay?”

“Oh, yes. Sure. I was…well…I was just wondering…” She handed him some kind of flyer. “I was wondering if you wanted to join me?” She grimaced. “Sorry about the creases.”

Caleb straightened out the wrinkled brochure. “What is this?”

“It’s called Camp Firefly Falls. It’s sort of a summer camp for adults, up in the Berkshire Mountains. I’m going there for the weekend.”

His brows rose. “And you want me to come with you?”

“Yes. There’s fishing and birdwatching and whatever else people do in the mountains.” She shrugged. “You seemed so upset about your cancelled fishing trip. This way you can still go fishing.”

“What about Mr. Lexus?” Caleb asked.

“Who?”

“You know, the guy in the silver Lexus with Awe$um on the license plate?” It was a struggle for Caleb to keep his expression neutral. He usually rolled his eyes just at the thought of that license plate and the asshole who sat behind the wheel. It had nothing to do with the fact that Caleb spent a fair amount of time lusting after the asshole’s girlfriend.

“Oh, you mean Derrick,” Leah said.

“Yeah. Him.”

Her lips thinned. “He can’t make it.”

Her tone went from warm to frigid in less than a second.

Damn. He didn’t know what Mr. Lexus had done to land himself in the doghouse, but that three-piece-suit-wearing jerk was definitely there. Caleb couldn’t say he felt bad for the guy, especially when whatever he’d done had led to Leah inviting him to join her up in the mountains.

He perused the brochure, his eyes growing wide at the pictures of the cabins and all the amenities listed. They may tout it as summer camp, but it was obvious that was only for nostalgia’s sake. This place looked fancier than the last hotel he’d stayed in.

“So, what’s the deal with this place?” Caleb asked, still browsing the brochure. “Were you heading up there for some sunrise yoga? Kayaking? Just to get away for the weekend?”

When she didn’t immediately answer, Caleb looked up. Her jaw was taut with anger.

“Actually, Derrick and I were supposed to attend a couple’s retreat,” she said. Her bottom lip trembled slightly. She quickly pulled it between her teeth.

Oh, shit.

If she started to cry he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from touching her. And if he touched her he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from wrapping his arms around her. Then maybe kissing her forehead. Then moving to her lips. Then getting kicked in the balls for taking his “comforting” too far.

“It’s okay if you don’t want to come along,” Leah continued. “I just thought I’d offer since Derrick’s portion is already paid for. But I understand. We hardly even know each other, why would you want—”

“Wait! I do!” Caleb said before she could take back her invitation. “I want to go. And we do know each other,” he said. “We’ve been next-door neighbors for a year now.”

The barest hint of a smile edged up the corners of her lips, sending a flood of relief rushing through him.

“Give me ten minutes to change out some of the things I packed.” He held up the wrinkled brochure. “I don’t think my fifteen-year-old jeans and faded T-shirts would fit in at this place.”

“I know it looks fancy, but this weekend is pretty casual,” Leah said.

“So the five-year-old jeans would work?”

Her laugh sent a burst of pleasure ricocheting against the walls of Caleb’s chest.

“Your five-year-old jeans will be perfect,” she said. “I’ll meet you at my car in ten minutes.”

“See you in ten,” Caleb said.

He could practically feel the blood pumping through his veins as he quickly dumped everything out of his duffle bag. He replaced his worn jeans with a brand new pair he’d bought just a few weeks ago, along with a couple pairs of cargo shorts. He also packed the khakis he’d bought for his sister’s fortieth birthday party, which he’d had to miss because of a break on the Peterfund case.

He wouldn’t miss out on this. The chance to spend the entire weekend up in the mountains with his sexy as hell neighbor?

Caleb searched his drawer for T-shirts without stains or tears or sweat rings around the armpits. Shit, he really needed to go shopping.

He went into the bathroom to grab his razor from the medicine cabinet, and his hand automatically reached for the box of condoms sitting alongside it. Caleb pulled his hand back and closed the cabinet door.

He stared at himself in the mirror.

What in the hell are you doing?

The fact that he’d even considered bringing condoms on a fishing trip showed him just where his head was at the moment. He wasn’t thinking about fishing. He was thinking about Leah, and what a weekend in the mountains with her meant.

But it didn’t mean anything. It couldn’t. She had a boyfriend.

Yeah, she may be pissed with Mr. Lexus right now, but that didn’t mean she was looking to jeopardize her relationship with reckless revenge sex.

Caleb held back a moan.

God, he wanted to have reckless revenge sex with her. But that wasn’t going to happen.

He ran a hand down his face, releasing an unsteady breath.

He couldn’t go through with this. He would go out there and tell her that Glenn had called to say that he and the rest of the guys would be able to make the fishing trip after all.

Yeah, she would believe that all three of his friends’ plans had fallen through in the last ten minutes.

“Idiot,” Caleb said underneath his breath.

Maybe he could tell her that he’d just gotten a call that his grandmother was sick. Leah didn’t know that both his grandmothers had been dead for over a decade.

Hell, why not just tell her the truth? That he’d suffered a bout of temporary insanity when he’d accepted her invitation to join her in the Berkshires.

Except a weekend away was exactly what he needed.

The original goal of his fishing trip was to rest, relax, and figure out his next steps. He had until Monday to come to a decision about what he wanted to do with the next five, ten, maybe even twenty years of his life. Giving himself room to think, in the way he used to do it when he was a kid—with a fishing pole in his hand and nothing but the peace and quiet of a gurgling creek—was the best way to help him clear his mind.

How was he supposed to clear his mind and relax while sharing space with Leah Cross? Hell, he’d been sporting a semi since the moment she came over to talk to him this morning. His body would be in a constant state of arousal the entire damn weekend.

He could not do this. No matter how much he needed it.

Wait. Why was he stressing himself over spending the weekend with Leah when she had never shown any kind of interest in him outside of being just a friendly neighbor?

Caleb could still remember that time months ago when he ran into her in downtown Manhattan. She hadn’t even recognized him. Granted, he’d been wearing a suit that day instead of his normal jeans and T-shirt, which had been his standard attire for the various undercover jobs he’d been working for the previous year, but the fact that Leah hadn’t even recognized him after living next to him for six months had told Caleb everything he needed to know. He wasn’t even on her radar.

Hell, he’d known that the minute Mr. Lexus started showing up in his sleek luxury sedan with all the bells and whistles. That’s when Caleb learned that not only wasn’t he her type, but he had no chance of becoming her type either. That car probably cost more than what he made in a year.

Not that he was a pauper. He made a good living. And thanks to his grandfather’s thrifty ways and generous heart, he’d been able to put down half the selling price as a down payment when he bought this house. But that didn’t mean he was at Leah Cross’s level.

So why not take her up on her invitation?

He’d go up there to the Berkshires and let that cool mountain air rejuvenate him. He’d break in his new fishing rod while contemplating whether or not he was ready to go back out into the field.

“You can do this.”

Now that that decision had been made, Caleb finished packing his bag. Just as he was about to zip it up, he went back into the bathroom, pulled a sleeve of condoms from the box, and stuffed them in the duffle’s inside pocket.

Fuck it. He may be a fool, but at least he was an optimistic one.

He double-checked the stove, even though he hadn’t cooked anything on it today, and raised the temperature to 79 degrees on the thermostat before walking out the front door and locking it behind him.

When Caleb approached Leah’s open trunk, he found her bent over inside it.

Don’t get caught staring at her ass. Do not get caught staring at her ass.

“Are you ready?” She turned around before he could avert his eyes.

Great. He just got caught staring at her ass.

“Uh, yeah, I’m all set,” Caleb said, holding up his duffle bag.

She didn’t call him on the staring. Instead, she moved to the side and motioned for him to put his duffle in the trunk. Once he’d slipped it in beside her bag, they stood next to the open trunk for several awkward moments while neither of them said anything.

“Do you—”

“Are you—”

Leah gestured for him to go first.

“I just wondered if you wanted me to drive?” Caleb asked.

“No, that’s okay. I’ve got it.”

This time her smile seemed forced. She was probably trying to come up with a polite way to tell him that she’d changed her mind about this camping trip, but instead of doing the gentlemanly thing and letting her off the hook, Caleb returned her smile and went over to the driver’s side door to hold it open for her.

“Ready to hit the road?”

She nodded. “I’m ready.”

Thirty minutes into their drive up north, Caleb was ready to open the door and toss himself out the car. If he had to take one more minute of this strained, uncomfortable silence he would go insane.

Leah’s grip on the steering wheel was so tight Caleb wouldn’t be surprised if she left indention marks on it. It was more than obvious that she regretted asking him to join her, and was just too nice to take back her invitation.

As much as it pained him to do so, Caleb decided to let her off the hook. Regret sank into his chest over what he was about to say.

“Look, Leah, we can turn around if you’re having second thoughts about this. We’ve only been on the road for a half hour, so it wouldn’t put you too far behind.”

“What? What do you mean?”

“I get that your asking me to join you was a spur of the moment thing. It’s okay if you’ve changed your mind.”

“No.” She glanced over at him before focusing back on the road. “Really, I’m okay with you coming along.”

“Is that why you’re gripping that steering wheel as if it’s going to fall off if you let go of it?” Caleb asked, amusement tinting his voice.

She instantly relaxed her fingers.

“Okay, I’m a little nervous,” she admitted. This time when she looked over their eyes connected and held for several beats. “I know I shouldn’t be. It’s not as if we’re strangers or anything. We’ve lived next door to each other for, what, at least a year?”

“Fourteen months.”

“Really? It’s been that long?”

He should know. He’d spent the majority of that time imagining her as the star of every one of his fantasies. God, it seemed downright pathetic now that he thought about it. But fantasizing about Leah made it easier to decline the few second dates he could have gone on this year. He just wasn’t up for it, especially these last four months.

“You have nothing to be nervous about,” Caleb said. “We’re going there to relax, right?”

She released a relieved breath and smiled. “Right,” she said. “So no talk about turning around. This is a chance for us to get to know each other better.”

If only she wanted to get to know him in the same way he wanted to get to know her. But that wasn’t the case, and he’d do well to remember that. Otherwise he was just setting himself up for a fall.





Chapter Two





By the time they turned off the main highway and onto the winding road that led to Camp Firefly Falls, Leah was still questioning just what in the hell she’d been thinking to invite Caleb along for the weekend. She could count the things she knew about him on her fingers.

She knew that he worked in law enforcement. She had no idea in what capacity, but he’d mentioned the DCJ on a couple of occasions, which she discovered through Google stood for the Department of Criminal Justice. It also stood for Drum Corps Japan, but she’d taken a wild guess that it was the former and not the latter. Although she had no idea what he did at the DCJ, Leah could admit she’d felt safer ever since she learned that about him.

She knew he was single and didn’t seem to date all that much. She could recall seeing a total of two women at his place the entire time he’d lived next door. Of course, he could have a harem in another part of the city, but something told her that wasn’t the case.

She also knew he enjoyed working in his yard, listening to 90’s hardcore rap—which he occasionally blasted while doing said yard work—and that he liked to cook. He often opened his kitchen window when he cooked and the aromas that drifted out made her mouth water.

Another thing that made her mouth water? When her neighbor went shirtless.

And, because God was real and he loved her, she’d had the opportunity to see Caleb shirtless on a number of occasions. Back before she had to change her early morning jog to the afternoon, she would run into him on her normal route. It was yet another reason she was still salty about the finance company where she worked moving to a new office building in Midtown Manhattan. The extra forty minutes it added to her commute was bad enough, but missing the chance to see a sweaty, shirtless Caleb was just downright devastating.

At any rate, knowing that he was in law enforcement, had questionable taste in music and ripped abs didn’t constitute actually knowing him. Yet she’d invited him to join her for a weekend in the mountains?

Nice going, Leah. Was it any wonder why she’d spent all of last night and most of this morning second guessing every choice she’d made in regard to men?

They drove through the entrance and Leah parked at a rustic cabin marked Registration Building. As they were removing their bags from the trunk, they were greeted by a tall blonde with a welcoming smile.

“Hello there.” She extended her hand. “I’m Heather Tully.”

“Oh, hello,” Leah said, recognizing the co-owner’s name from information she’d read online. “I’m Leah Cross.”

“Nice to meet you, Leah. I hope the drive up was okay.”

“It was great.” She looked around at the mountain peaks reaching for the heavens. “It is absolutely beautiful here.”

“Thank you. I’m pretty proud of this place.” She turned to Caleb. “And you must be—” She looked at the electronic tablet she held in her hand. “Derrick. Welcome to Camp Firefly Falls.”

“Actually, it’s Caleb,” Caleb answered.

A frown marred the woman’s smooth skin. “Oh, I’m sorry. Someone must have inputted the wrong information. I’ll make sure to correct it.”

“No. Actually—” Leah started, but at the same moment a man came out of the building and down the steps. Heather introduced him as her husband, and fellow owner/director at Camp Firefly Falls, Michael.

“As you know, this weekend’s retreat will be conducted by two psychologists from the Johnson Institute. Michael and I will be on property, but the staff has been instructed to only contact us for emergencies. We’re taking a much needed vacation.”

“It says a lot about this place that you’re choosing to spend your vacation here,” Leah said.

“What can I say? It’s the best vacation spot around,” Heather said with a wink. “Leave your bags right here. They will be delivered to your cabin, which is…” She looked at the screen again. “Number fourteen in Moon Bug Estates. The orientation for the retreat is already underway, so you should make your way to the Pinecone Lodge as soon as possible. Here’s a map of the grounds.”

“Thanks,” Caleb said, taking the map.

“I hope you both have a fabulous weekend with Katherine and Geoff. I’ve heard that their retreat does wonders for your relationship, but to be honest, just being here at Camp Firefly Falls should be enough. This place has a knack for bringing couples together.” Heather gave her husband a slight bump with her hip as Michael picked up both Leah and Caleb’s bags.

“Pinecone Lodge is just up that walking path,” Michael said. “Enjoy yourselves this weekend.”

As they set out on the path, Leah looked over at Caleb. “So, you didn’t think to correct her?” she asked him.

“Correct her about what?”

“It’s obvious she thought we were a couple. It’s a couple’s retreat, remember? You could have said something when you corrected her about your name.”

“You could have said something too,” Caleb replied with a hint of amusement tingeing his voice. “Why does it matter anyway? She won’t be around this weekend.”

He had a point. Still, it seemed misleading to have Heather think she’d simply made a mistake inputting his name into their system.

Then again, did Leah really want to go into why she was here on a couple’s retreat with her neighbor instead of her fiancé?

No thank you.

They made their way to the Pinecone Lodge and were directed to a conference room. Nine couples sat in a semi-circle, all listening intently to the man and woman who stood in the front, speaking to the group. The woman, who Leah assumed was Katherine Mumford, nodded toward the two remaining empty seats.

She and Caleb sat while Katherine gave a rundown of this weekend’s agenda, with an overview of the various workshops that would be conducted.

“Keep in mind that none of this is mandatory,” the psychologist explained. “You know your relationship better than anyone else, so it’s up to you to chose which program will be most beneficial. In the past we’ve had couples who decided to participate in every single workshop, while others only wanted to join in physical activities and yet others who choose to spend the entire weekend alone. Those are usually the newlyweds,” she said with a wink, garnering a laugh from the crowd.

She put up one finger. “However, I highly recommend that engaged couples participate in the activities marked with an asterisk. Our post-retreat feedback has shown that those workshops have had a tremendous impact on couples who have participated in the past.”

“Most of all, we want you to have fun,” Geoff Mumford interjected. “This is, after all, summer camp. We want you to enjoy yourselves while growing closer in your relationship. That’s what this weekend is all about.”

Katherine explained that the official start to the retreat would begin tonight with a Marshmallow Mixer at the fire pit. The couple ended the welcoming session with some marriage affirmation that Leah didn’t bother to pay attention to.

“So, are you ready to run home screaming yet?” Leah whispered to Caleb as they followed the other couples out of the conference room.

“Not yet,” he answered. “Although if at anytime we’re all asked to join hands and sing Kumbaya, I’m out of here.”

Leah’s head flew back with her laugh. “I’m right behind you.”

They walked past Birch House, which according to the map was the formal dining hall, and then past the Grub Shack, where visitors could grab a quick bite to eat.

As she breathed in the clear mountain air, some of Leah’s anxiety about this weekend began to fade. They hadn’t been here for an hour yet, and already she knew this would be better than spending the weekend at home, agonizing over her broken engagement.

They arrived at Cabin Fourteen. The lightheartedness Leah had been experiencing evaporated the moment she turned the doorknob and entered. Her eyes immediately went to the single queen bed. It sat in the middle of the sparsely, yet handsomely furnished cabin, like a living, breathing thing. It wasn’t until Leah heard Caleb clear his throat that she realized she was blocking his entry.

“Excuse me,” she said, moving inside.

Their bags had been delivered, sitting right inside the doorway. A sofa butted up against the wall. In front of it sat a rustic coffee table with a rug underneath it. That was it.

And the bed, of course.

The single, solitary bed.

Caleb stood next to her, his hands in his pockets. Leah was consciously aware of how close he stood, close enough for her to feel his body heat. It made her skin warm even more. Tension filled the air, as thick as the humidity in July.

“So,” Caleb said. “One bed.”

Leah attempted a nonchalant shrug. “I was supposed to be here with my fiancé, remember?”

“How could I forget?”

His expression remained neutral, but she wasn’t mistaken about the trace of resentment she heard in his voice.

“I…uh…” She gestured toward the couch. “I’m not sure if it’s a pullout, but it looks comfortable.”

“I guess I’ll find out tonight.” He followed that with a slight smile that didn’t reach his eyes.

“Maybe I can ask them to move us to another one,” Leah said. “The brochure shows cabins with twin beds.”

“The sofa is fine. It’s only for a few nights. I was supposed to be in a sleeping bag on the hard ground this weekend, remember?” His smile was a bit more genuine this time.

“Yeah, I guess that’s true,” Leah said, matching his grin.

He reached for their bags. “Here, let me take care of these.”

Leah watched as he brought their bags to their respective sleeping places, putting his on the coffee table and hers on her bed. She noticed the way the muscles in his shoulders and arms bunched. Something she was too shocked to acknowledge pulled low in her belly.

She quickly brushed off that twinge of interest she’d just experienced. She’d been engaged to another man not even twenty-four hours ago, for crying out loud.

Leah walked over to the bed and started to unzip the carry-on, intending to unpack, but the tension still suffusing the room stifled her. She needed out of here. Now.

“What do you say we leave the unpacking for later?” she asked. “The grounds here are so beautiful. I want to take a look around before dusk settles.”

“Sounds good to me,” Caleb said, dropping the T-shirt he’d been holding back into his open duffle.

They walked along the shoreline of Lake Waawaatesi, which, according to the map Heather had given them, meant firefly in the Ojibwe language.

Leah pointed to the map. “I read online that there are these waterfalls close by—”

“Let me guess? Are they called Firefly Falls?”

“Yes, Mr. Smartypants,” she said with a laugh. “There’s some kind of mythical legend of the Ojibwe tribe connected to the waterfalls. I think I may try to find them this weekend.”

“What else are you planning to do?”

She shrugged. “My itinerary was planned out from sun up to sun down, but all that’s changed now.” She exhaled a weary breath. “I haven’t had time to think about exactly what I want to do this weekend. To be honest, just getting away from the city is enough for me.”

“It is pretty nice out here,” Caleb said.

“It’s gorgeous. And do you smell this air? It’s all so clean. Rejuvenating. I wasn’t sure about this on our drive up, but now I’m happy I didn’t cancel.”

“You considered it?”

“Oh, yeah,” she said. She looked over at him. “This whole thing was actually Derrick’s mother’s idea. The daughter of one of her friends attended one of Katherine and Geoff’s seminars, and she convinced Derrick that we needed to go before the wedding.”

“Yet he backed out of the trip?” Caleb huffed out a derisive laugh.

Leah was on the verge of telling him that Derrick had backed out on everything, including their engagement, but something stopped her. Not just something. She knew exactly what it was.

Humiliation.

The humiliation of getting dumped yet again still ate at her.

At the same time another feeling began to emerge.

Relief.

She was relived to not have to listen to Derrick drone on about one boring subject after another, not bothering to ask what she thought about it. The hurt and anger and humiliation were still there, but it had begun to lessen. Maybe she would actually enjoy this time away instead of just tolerating it.

She and Caleb came across a thick downed tree trunk and took a seat. The faint sound of camp goers taking advantage of the many water sports could be heard, but they were far enough from the main campgrounds that they didn’t see anyone else, save for the occasional canoe that passed by. They skimmed along the lake, creating a soft ripple through the calm waters.

After several quite minutes passed, Leah broke the silence. “So, why did all of your friends bail on you this weekend?” she asked.

“Because their girlfriends have them all by the balls,” Caleb answered.

She paused for a moment before she burst out laughing.

“Should I apologize for my crudeness?” he asked.

“No, you’re okay,” Leah said. “I’m just sorry your plans were cancelled.”

“I’m not.” He looked over at her, raw honesty gleaming in his dark brown eyes. “Not anymore. Not now that I’m here with you.”

She surreptitiously sucked in a breath. Call her a coward, but she refused to touch that statement.

“You know.” She kicked at a pebble. “We’ve been neighbors for more than a year, but I don’t really know much about you.”

His eyes continued to bore into hers, and for a second Leah thought he was going to call her on her swift subject change. But then he stretched his legs out in front of him, flatted his palms on his thighs and asked, “What do you want to know?”

Her shoulders practically wilted with the relief that crashed through her. She wasn’t sure what to make of this awkward, intense feeling pulsating between them.

“Earth to Leah,” Caleb said.

“What? Oh!” She gave her head a light shake. “Um, just normal things. Like where did you live before you moved into the neighborhood?”

“Well, I’m originally from D.C., but I moved to Trenton about six years ago, and then to Summit. Job transfer,” he explained.

“And that job is?”

He hesitated for a moment before answering. “I’m a detective with the DCJ. That’s the Department of Criminal Justice.”

Leah nodded. “I thought so, but I didn’t want to come right out and ask.”

“Why not?”

She peeked over at him, a rueful smile edging up the corner of her mouth. “I didn’t want you to think I was nosy, as well as a thief.”

His forehead narrowed, but them he tipped his head back with a laugh. “You’re talking about the basil.”

“Yes,” Leah said. “The great basil incident shall forever live in infamy.”

She flushed with embarrassment just thinking about the first time they met, when Caleb had walked into his backyard and caught her picking off basil leaves from his herb garden.

Except Leah didn’t know it was his herb garden.

She’d started caring for the garden after the previous owners moved out, and often went next door when she needed herbs. She’d crept over one morning to pick some fresh basil for her omelet, dressed in pajamas and a raggedy bathrobe that stopped at the knee. She’d been bent over the herb garden when she heard someone clearing his throat. The throat clearing had been followed by a deep voice asking if he could help her.

Leah had been forced to stand there in her unmentionables and explain that she wasn’t stealing—not technically, since without her caretaking the herbs would have died. Thankfully, her new neighbor had been a good sport about it.

Her humiliation had been complete when she returned to the house only to discover that she still had patches of the mud mask she’d used earlier that morning dotting her face. She’d avoided running into Caleb for two solid weeks following the incident, but then she found a bunch of freshly picked herbs wrapped in a paper towel on her back steps. He continued to leave her fresh herbs to this day.

She might not know much about him, but one thing Leah did know was that Caleb was incredibly sweet.

It begged the question…

“There’s something that doesn’t make much sense to me,” Leah said.

“What’s that?”

“Why don’t you have a girlfriend?”



Caleb stared out at the lake for several moments, unsure how to answer her question. He could tell her the truth, that his last two serious relationships had collapsed under the strain of his stressful job, and that since his breakup with Marlena a year and a half ago he hadn’t bothered to get back on the dating scene because he was perfectly content using his beautiful neighbor as fantasy fodder. For some reason, he didn’t think that would go over well.

Instead, Caleb settled for the partial truth.

“I just haven’t had the time,” he said.

“It doesn’t take all that much time these days.” She grinned. “All you have to do is swipe right on your phone.”

He huffed out a laugh, shaking his head. “I’m not looking for a quick hookup. I did enough of that in my twenties.”

She wiggled her brows. “A player, huh?”

“I don’t think I ever reached bonafide ‘player’ status—if there is such a thing—but I dated a lot more back then.” He shrugged. “I don’t know. Once I bought the house it was as if something clicked. Like it was finally time for me to settle down.”

He stood up and dusted the flaky bark from the back of his jeans. Leah did the same. She slipped her hands in her back pockets, the pose causing her breasts to thrust forward. Caleb’s mouth watered.

Damn. He was in for a long weekend.

“So, you’re ready to settle down, yet you haven’t made the time to find someone to settle down with? Something’s a bit off there. You may need to rethink your game plan.”

She grabbed hold of his arm, using him for balance as she stepped up on the log. It made her about four inches taller than him. She looked even more beautiful from this vantage point, especially with the way the sun glinted off her lovely brown skin.

“What kind of woman are you looking for?” Leah asked as she wobbled slightly on the log.

The casualness of her tone caused an ache to settle in Caleb’s gut. It screamed curiosity, not interest. It was likely she’d never entertained thoughts of being the kind of woman he was looking for.

“One who can handle the stress of my job,” Caleb finally answered. “I’ve seen firsthand the toll having a significant other who works in law enforcement can take on a relationship. My parents’ marriage couldn’t survive it.” He gingerly let her hand go now that she’d found her balance. “They divorced when I was in high school.”

“I’m sorry.”

Caleb shrugged as he bent down to pick up a couple of pebbles from around his feet. “They still get along, and now that there’s a grandkid in the picture, it’s almost like the days when they were happy in their marriage.” He pitched a smooth rock at the lake, watching as it skipped twice before sinking beneath the surface. “It also helps that my mom is now a lieutenant and not on the streets as a beat cop anymore.”

“Oh, so it’s your mom who works in law enforcement?”

Caleb nodded. “One of the best cops I’ve ever known.”

“I feel as if I should hand in my feminist card. I just automatically assumed it was your dad.”

“Nah. It’s my mom. Thirty years on the police force and a total badass. My dad’s a long time bus driver for the D.C. Public Transit System.”

He studied her face to see if she would show any reaction to hearing that he came from such humble roots. Granted, he didn’t know much about her roots, but he’d bet his last dollar she came from money.

“How often do you get to see them?” she asked.

Caleb wasn’t sure how he would have responded if he’d heard even a hint of repugnance in her voice, but there was none.

“I don’t get down there nearly enough,” he answered. “I haven’t been back to D.C. since Christmas.”

“I was there just this spring to see the cherry blossoms,” Leah said. “I want to go back next year. It was all so beautiful.”

“There weren’t many cherry blossoms in the part of D.C. where I grew up.”

She studied him for a moment. “Did that influence your decision to follow in your mom’s footsteps?”

“Actually, I first followed in my dad’s footsteps.”

“You were a bus driver?” Her head jerked back in surprise, causing her to wobble again.

“Army,” Caleb said, grabbing hold of her wrist to steady her. God, her skin was soft. Softer than soft. “My dad enlisted fresh out of high school. Only took him four years to decide it wasn’t for him. I lasted a little longer. Signed up at seventeen and did eight years before enrolling in the police academy.”

“I can’t imagine you as a seventeen-year-old holding onto a big, bad gun.”

“That was me,” he said.

“Did you get deployed?”

He nodded. “Only did two tours in Iraq, so I count myself lucky. I have a few buddies who went back three and four times.”

“Talk about taking a toll on a relationship.”

“Yeah, it’s not easy,” he said. “Although it didn’t get much easier once I joined the DCJ either. I’ve found myself in the middle of some hairy situations. That’s why I’m still single. It wouldn’t be fair to put someone through that kind of stress, not knowing whether or not I’ll make it home at the end of the day.”

“But that can apply to all of us,” Leah said. “A person can get hit by a bus on the way home from work, or drop dead of a heart attack. No one is guaranteed a tomorrow, but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t make the most of your today.”

“You sound like a motivational poster,” Caleb said.

She grinned. “Maybe I should rethink my career.”

“You don’t like working on Wall Street?”

Her forehead furrowed. “I didn’t realize I’d ever mentioned where I worked to you.”

Busted.

“You haven’t. Not in so many words,” Caleb said. He hesitated for a moment before he shrugged, and with a nonchalance he didn’t feel, admitted, “I saw you down there once.”

“In Manhattan?”

He nodded. “I was at district court, but decided to head further down for lunch at this little place near Rector and Trinity. I called out to you, but I don’t think you heard me.”

Actually, he’d held the door open for her, but before he could even say her name she responded with a polite thank you and walked inside, not even recognizing that he was the man who lived right next door. Caleb wasn’t sure why that still rankled as much as it did. Maybe because he spent so much of his free time thinking about her, it hurt to know that she must spend so little time thinking about him. He didn’t even register for her when coming face to face.

“It must have been a while ago,” Leah said. “Our office moved to midtown and now I hate it.”

“You don’t like the city?”

“I don’t like driving in the city. Before I could drive down to Newport, park, and take the PATH train into Manhattan, but now that we’ve moved to midtown I’m forced to take the Lincoln Tunnel. By the time I get home I just want to crash. Takeout has become my new best friend.” She looked over at him. “The last two batches of herbs you brought over have gone to waste.” She gave him a playful tap on the forearm. “Although you’ve been cooking up a storm. Whatever you were making this past Tuesday night smelled so good I nearly knocked on the door to beg you for a taste.”

“It was Moroccan,” Caleb said. He leaned forward, and giving in to the devil on his shoulder, whispered, “If you’d have come over, I would have been happy to share.”

Leah’s grin took on a mischievous tilt. “Be careful what you wish for. I may not look it, but I’m no lightweight when it comes to enjoying a good meal.”

“I think I can handle your appetite.”

Her brow peaked. “You sure about that?”

“Why don’t you come over for dinner sometime and we can find out?”

Stop!

What in the hell was he doing?

He was flirting with another man’s fiancée, that’s what he was doing. Sure, she was flirting right back, but that didn’t make it right. Leah probably wasn’t thinking straight. She’d undoubtedly had a fight with Derrick. She probably thought flirting with Caleb was the best way to get back at her fiancé, but he didn’t want her to do something irrational that she would later regret.

“You talk a good game,” she said. “But I’ll bet—”

Just then Leah lost her footing, slipping backward on the log. Caleb moved quickly, wrapping his arm around her waist to steady her. He tipped her forward so she could stand, but he didn’t let her go. Instead he tightened his grip as his eyes held her steady gaze. The crisp mountain air took on a sultriness that had nothing to do with meteorological science and everything to do with the sexual tension humming between them.

His mouth was mere inches from hers. All it would take is a slight dip of his head to connect their lips.

“Thank you,” Leah said, breaking the spell as she reared her head back. “I…uh…I guess I should get down from this.”

Caleb held on to her until both her feet hit the ground, then he let go. Reluctantly.

“Speaking of food,” she said, already starting for the walking path that led back to the campground’s main area. “What do you say we go to the dining hall and grab a late lunch? I haven’t eaten since breakfast.”

Caleb wasn’t thinking about food right now. The only thing he wanted to consume was her.

She’s another man’s girl!

His head knew that, but he needed his head to explain it to other parts of his anatomy. As much as he wanted there to be something more between them, he knew there couldn’t be. She was engaged to marry someone else. It didn’t matter that she was here with him. It didn’t matter that she’d been flirting with him not even five minutes ago either. Thinking that he could take this beyond a little innocent flirting was just setting himself up for the biggest let down.

She was another man’s girl. Which meant she couldn’t be his.





Chapter Three





As she tried to wrap her head around what had just happened, Leah knew she needed to at least attempt to rein in the anxious excitement racing through her. It wasn’t easy. An electric charge prickled her skin where Caleb’s strong hands had touched.

What happened back there?

It wasn’t earth-shattering, but it was…well…something. Something had definitely passed between them.

It went without saying that she found him attractive. She wasn’t dead, and the man was gorgeous. And although he didn’t flaunt it, he had the kind of body that belonged on the cover of a fitness magazine. She’d run into him on a couple of her jogs, enough to know and appreciate it. Long, lean limbs with finely-muscled biceps and the kind of taut physique that made her want to run her hands over his sculpted shoulders and firm abs.

Yeah, the physical attraction was undeniably there.

Maybe that’s all this was. The little spark that passed between them was just her understandable reaction to an attractive man who also happen to be a pretty nice guy. It wasn’t anything to get worked up about.

Except she was looking at an entire weekend with him. How could she not get worked up about it? How was she supposed to fight these feelings for the next two days?

The better question was, why should she fight them?

She had not been mistaken about the interest she saw staring back at her when she’d looked in Caleb’s eyes as he’d held her on that log. He was interested. No doubt about it.

But just because he was interested didn’t mean it was the right thing to do. Hadn’t she already proven how ridiculously awful she was at picking men? At this point she was unsure if she could trust her own instincts. What if she only thought Caleb was as wonderful as he seemed? Didn’t she think Derrick was wonderful at first?

Actually…no. No she hadn’t.

Leah almost tripped over her own two feet as she realized that not once in all the time she and Derrick were together did she feel this particular way about him. She and Derrick didn’t engage in lighthearted banter or fun, silly flirting. Derrick didn’t do silly. In fact, she couldn’t remember the last time she laughed while with her ex-fiancé.

That disturbing thought remained with Leah until they arrived at Birch House. Caleb held the door open so she could enter ahead of him. It was the second time he’d done so. It brought to mind just how much Derrick never did little things like that.

Okay, no more comparisons.

She could not spend her weekend comparing Derrick to Caleb.

But how could she not? Caleb wasn’t even her boyfriend, yet he’d held her car door open for her this morning, and then again just a few moments ago. He’d carried her bags without her even having to ask.

Even now, he pulled out her chair once they arrived at their table.

And it wasn’t just this particular weekend that he’d displayed this kind of chivalry toward her. Leah couldn’t remember the last time she had to drag her own garbage can to the curb. She awoke one Monday morning about a year ago to find it already sitting there, and when she arrived home from work that afternoon, it was parked next to her garage. It was the same with cutting her lawn, and how he moved the packages left by the delivery man to her back steps.

Caleb had shown more courtesy toward her than her own fiancé ever had.

“This is definitely not what I’d pictured when you said summer camp,” Caleb remarked, looking around at the dining hall as he sat across from her.

“It sure beats the mess hall at that summer camp I went to back when I was in 4-H,” Leah said. The large space held dozens of linen covered tables. Thick, high beams crossed the pitched ceiling. It was both rustic and elegant. A perfect combination.

A server came to take their order—something that definitely had not happened at her old summer camp.

Caleb took a sip of the water the server had left on the table, and asked, “Have you decided what you’re going to do with your weekend?”

Leah shook her head. “I figure I’ll look over the agenda again tonight and find something to do.” She pulled up the calendar app on her phone. “I’d made a schedule of all the workshops and activities I’d hoped to do with Derrick. Some of them sound a little cheesy, but there are a few that actually seemed fun. I’ve been looking forward to doing them.”

“What’s stopping you?”

She glanced up from her phone. “It’s a couple’s retreat, remember?”

“If there’s something you have your heart set on and you need a plus-one, just tell me. I’m here.”

Goodness but he was sweet.

“I can’t ask you to do that, Caleb. You came here to fish.”

“You’re not asking. I’m offering. I’ll still find time to fish. And if I don’t, who cares? I would have been home if not for you inviting me to join you.” He leaned forward, a devilish gleam in his eye. “Besides, just the fact that I’m here on Mr. Lexus’s dime is good enough for me.”

Leah paused for a moment, before admitting, “Actually, it’s my dime.”

“Come again?”

“I paid for the retreat.”

Caleb’s forehead furrowed. “But I thought you said it was his mom who wanted you two to attend?”

“Yes, but I knew better than to expect Derrick to pay for it.” Leah released a sigh. “He was never the best at handling money, which is kind of funny when you think of what I do for a living. He never appreciated when I offered financial advice, so I just stopped doing it. It’s not as if it would help him anyway, not with the way he goes through his money.”

“You make it sound like he lives paycheck-to-paycheck,” Caleb said.

“You’re not that far off,” Leah said. “His paychecks may be a bit bigger than the average American’s, but it doesn’t mean much if all he has to show for it is a fancy car and a closet full of Ferragamo’s.”

“Um, what’s a Ferragamo?” Caleb asked.

Leah just stared at him for several moments before she burst out laughing. “You have no idea how refreshing it is that you have no idea what I’m talking about.”

He shrugged. “Sorry.”

“No, don’t be sorry. It’s wonderful. They’re shoes, by the way,” she provided. “Derrick owns over two dozen pair. Can you imagine spending twenty thousand dollars on shoes?”

“You’ve seen the way I dress. I doubt I’ll spend twenty thousand dollars on my entire wardrobe over my entire lifetime,” Caleb said.

“I happen to like the way you dress.” She let the words slip without even thinking.

Caleb’s brow lifted with the barest hint of surprise. “I didn’t think you paid enough attention to notice.”

She didn’t think she had either, but yes, she’d noticed.

Caleb didn’t need to wear expensive, tailored suits or designer shoes to catch her attention. The understated, no-nonsense way he carried himself was just as appealing. Derrick probably didn’t even own anything as casual as the jeans and polo shirt Caleb wore right now, but Leah liked this look better than anything she’d seen on her ex-fiancé.

“I’ve noticed,” she told him.

“That makes two of us,” he said.

She grinned. “You’ve noticed how you dress too?”

“I think you know what I mean,” he said. His voice no longer held the trace of humor that had been there throughout much of their exchange. Neither did his eyes. They’d taken on a seriousness that made Leah’s breath hitch.

She knew exactly what he meant, but she wasn’t ready to confront it. Thankfully, the server arrived with their meals, saving her from having to reply. She wasn’t emotionally ready to reply.

They were both so famished that there was little time to talk as they devoured their grilled chicken salads. Just as Leah bit into the last chunk of juicy chicken breast, a couple she’d noticed in this morning’s orientation came up to their table.

“Hi there,” a brunette with deep dimples on either side of her mouth said. “Do you mind if we join you?”

“No, not at all,” Leah said, gesturing for them to take a seat.

“I’m Marcy and this is my husband, Mark.”

Really?

“I’m Leah. And this is my…uh…”

“I’m her Caleb,” Caleb said, extending his hand to first Marcy and then to Mark.

Leah felt her face heat with embarrassment over her stumble, but if the couple noticed, they had the consideration not to say anything.

“Have you attended Geoff and Katherine’s retreat before?” Marcy asked.

“No.” Leah shook her head. “This is my first time here.”

“Oh, are you newly married or newly engaged?”

“Still engaged,” Caleb said.

Leah whipped her head around, her eyes going wide as she stared at him. Caleb’s expression didn’t change one iota.

“Oh, you were smart to come while still engaged. I wish Mark and I had done the same.” She rested her chin on her upturned palm. “I want to hear the story.”

“The story?” Leah asked.

“Yes, how did you two meet?”

“We—”

“We met when I moved in to the house right next door to hers,” Caleb provided. “And caught her stealing herbs from my herb garden.”

“Not stealing,” Leah said. She turned to Marcy. “I started tending the garden when the previous owners moved out, and I would use the herbs instead of allowing them to go to waste. I didn’t even realize the house had been sold until the morning he caught me picking off a few basil leaves.”

“She was in her bathrobe. It was love at first sight.”

Leah narrowed her gaze. Just what did he think he was doing?

“That’s absolutely adorable,” Marcy said with a wistful sigh. “I can already tell you two will grow even closer this weekend. This is our third time attending Geoff and Katherine’s retreat. We traveled all the way up from Nashville to attend.”

“Really? That says a lot about the retreat,” Leah said.

“It’s wonderful,” Marcy said. “The first time we attended was five years ago, a couple of years after our wedding. We’ve discovered that coming back for a refresher course helps us to maintain a great balance in our marriage. It doesn’t matter how long you’ve been together, you’ll always learn something new and interesting about your spouse as you go through this weekend. I cannot recommend it enough.”

“You’re attending the Marshmallow Mixer tonight, right?” Mark asked.

“Of course we are,” Caleb said. He reached across the table and caressed the back of Leah’s hand. “We wouldn’t miss it.”

Electric tingles radiated from where he touched her.

“Great,” Marcy said with a huge smile. “We’ll see you there tonight.”

The moment the other couple rose from the table, Leah whirled on Caleb.

“What was that about?” she asked, extracting her hand from his hold.

“What?”

“You have the audacity to play innocent?” Leah asked. “‘It was love at first sight’?”

Caleb let out a sigh. “I thought I was doing you a favor.”

“By lying?”

“By giving you an out,” he said. “You were worried about how it would look to the other couples if they knew you were here without your fiancé. You don’t have to worry about that now.”

“You think it’s better to lie to them?”

“You don’t even know these people. Why should it matter if you’re lying to them?”

“Because,” she said. “It…it just does.” She held both hands out. “If I went with your logic then it also shouldn’t matter if they knew I was here without my fiancé either.”

“Personally, I don’t think it should matter what they think, but I can also understand why it would to you. As much as I appreciate this weekend in the mountains, Derrick should be here with you. Why spend your weekend making excuses for why he isn’t?” Caleb shrugged. “If given the choice between lying to strangers for three days or spending those same three days fending off stares of pity, I’d choose the former. But that’s just me.”

Leah couldn’t deny that he had a point. She’d rather deal with her conscience giving her flack over a not-so-little white lie than have to explain over and over why she was here with her neighbor instead of her fiancé.

She stared at Caleb across the table for several long moments. She should probably take some time to weigh the pros and cons of going along with this.

But they were only here for three days. She didn’t have time to weigh anything. She also didn’t have the stomach to withstand the other couples feeling sorry for her, not when she was still so raw from her broken engagement.

“Okay, let’s do this,” Leah said.

Caleb’s brow rose. “You want to clarify that for me?”

“Let’s do this,” she said again. “You’re right. I don’t want to spend my weekend explaining Derrick’s absence.” She drained the last of her lemonade. “But if we’re going to do this, we need to get our story straight.” She pushed up from the table, grabbed Caleb’s hand, and tugged. “Follow me, dear. We need to concoct a past.”



Caleb could hardly remember the short walk from Birch House to the gazebo. His mind was too preoccupied with trying to wrap itself around the fact that Leah had agreed to go along with his idea.

He’d fully expected the earful she’d given him after Marcy and Mark left the table. He deserved that and more. It was completely out of line for him to suggest that he and Leah were engaged without discussing it with her first. He’d pretty much forced her hand into going along with it.

But that didn’t mean she had to continue going along with it. Caleb had been fully prepared to explain to Marcy and Mark that he’d only been joking. Or to just avoid them altogether this weekend. He never thought Leah would agree to keep up the charade.

“Okay, where do we begin?” she asked as she took a seat on the bench that ran along the inner interior walls of the gazebo.

“Um, I guess with how we met?” Caleb offered, straddling the bench.

“Actually, I think it’s okay to stick with the truth when it comes to how we met. You have to admit it’s pretty cute. Me in my bathrobe, stealing herbs from your garden? Sounds like something you’d see in a rom com.”

He grinned. “I thought you said it wasn’t stealing?”

“It was stealing,” she conceded with a grin of her own. “I don’t know what I would have done back then if I’d known you were a cop. I guess I’m lucky you didn’t whip out your badge on me.”

“The thought never crossed my mind,” Caleb said. He’d been too busy trying to figure out a way to ask her out. Too bad he took too long to follow through. A mistake he’d regretted every day for an entire year.

Now he had to settle for shamelessly capitalizing on the fight she’d had with her fiancé. But capitalize on it he would.

“So, we’ll stick with the truth when it comes to how we met,” Caleb continued. “What about the rest?”

“I think the safest bet is to keep our story as simple as possible. Nothing too convoluted. That’s a surefire way to get tripped up in a lie.” She crossed her legs and folded her hands in her lap. “The first thing we need to do is try to anticipate which questions people will ask. What is it that people usually want to know about new couples?”

“It’s been a while since I’ve been a part of a couple,” Caleb said.

“Your friends are all in relationships. What do you ask them?”

“I’d rather repeatedly stab myself in the eye with a dull pencil than ask my friends about their relationships.”

Leah’s loud burst of laughter echoed around the gazebo. “Why do men find it so difficult to talk about relationships?”

“I don’t find it difficult. I’m just not interested. Besides,” he said, leaning toward her. “It’s nosy to snoop into other people’s lives.”

She hit him with that smile he’d started to crave like freshly popped popcorn with extra butter. Bright and joyful and full of pure giddiness.

“Well you can just call me nosy, because I love peeking into other people’s lives,” she said. “I’m a self-proclaimed reality TV junkie.”

“You can’t be all that nosy.”

“What makes you say that?”

“Because in the year you’ve lived next door to me you never bothered to get to know me at all.”

Her eyes darted to his. She opened her mouth, but then closed it. Caleb considered giving her a pass, but then decided against it. Instead, he pushed a little harder.

“So?” His brow lifted. “For someone who claims to be so nosy, why haven’t you been all up in my business, Leah?”

Her pregnant pause was as telling as anything she could say.

“I…uh…I guess I didn’t want you to think I was getting too personal.”

His gaze dropped to her lips just as she pulled the bottom one between her teeth. She released it, and the urge to kiss her full, glistening mouth grew so strong Caleb had to clutch his hands to stop himself from doing just that.

When he spoke, his voice was little more than a whisper. “For future reference, I don’t mind you getting too personal.”

“I’ll keep that in mind,” she said, her tone equally hushed.

The air crackled and sizzled around them, the sexual tension growing thicker with each second that ticked by.

Leah was the first to look away. Slapping her palms against her thighs, she cleared her throat.

“So, what about the rest of our story?”

Her evasion technique was about as smooth as a bumbling criminal running from the police, but Caleb went along with it. He had no business staring at those lips the way he’d been staring, imagining the feel of them against his own, longing to make it a reality.

The reality was that she was someone else’s woman. Why was it so hard for his brain to comprehend that?

Maybe because of the way Leah had looked at him. He hadn’t imagined the heat in her eyes, or the way her chest rose with the labored breaths she sucked in. She was just as affected by this energy pulsating between them as he was.

“What about our first date?” Leah asked.

“Huh? Caleb blinked several times, trying to remember the conversation.

“We need to come up with something good for our first date.”

Right. They were making up a past for their fake relationship. How could he forget?

“How about your first date with Mr. Lexus?”

“You have no idea how much joy it would bring to Derrick if he knew you referred to him as Mr. Lexus. It would make his day.”

“In that case, don’t tell him,” Caleb said.

“Don’t worry, I doubt I’ll have the chance.”

His forehead furrowed. “Why not?”

Leah hesitated for a moment, pulling her bottom lip between her teeth once again. Once again, Caleb was so tempted to pull that lip from her teeth and run his finger across it that he ached with it. He wanted to see if her lips felt as tender as they appeared.

“Derrick didn’t just back out on this weekend,” she said. “He backed out on everything.”

That got his attention. “What do you mean?”

“I mean he broke off our engagement last night.”

Her revelation slammed into him like a two-by-four.

They broke up? She was no longer engaged?

“Why—” Caleb had to clear his throat. “Why did he break things off?”

“He said he wasn’t ready to get married.” She averted her eyes, but not before Caleb caught the sadness lurking in their warm, brown depths. It made him want to beat the shit out of her ex for ever putting that look on her face.

“He shouldn’t have asked you to marry him in the first place if he wasn’t ready,” Caleb said.

“Actually, it’s more than just that,” Leah continued. “He said that I was too cold to marry. That I didn’t show him enough attention.” She looked over at him. “I could have showered him with attention twenty-four seven, and it wouldn’t have been enough.”

“Why were you with him?” Caleb asked. He knew he shouldn’t harp on it, but from everything she’d said about him, Derrick was a selfish bastard who didn’t deserve to have a woman like Leah give him the time of day, let alone agree to marry him.

“I’ve spent the past twenty-four hours wondering the same thing.” She released a sigh. “But I don’t want to think about Derrick right now. Please, let’s just not talk about him.”

“Okay,” Caleb said. “But I just have to point out that your ex-fiancé is a dick. One that never deserved you.”

“He totally is,” Leah said. “Which is why I would not want to use a single thing from my relationship with Derrick when it comes to concocting our fake one.”

He inwardly winced at the word fake. He didn’t want their relationship to be fake.

And if Caleb had known her boyfriend had been such an asshole all this time, maybe he wouldn’t have kept his distance. He wasn’t in the business of poaching another man’s woman, but when that man didn’t deserve that woman?

Still, Caleb knew he couldn’t make his feelings known to her. Not yet. She’d been engaged to another man less than twenty-four hours ago. If he tried to start anything with Leah right now he was practically setting himself up to be the rebound guy. He didn’t want to be some temporary rebound. He wanted this to have a chance. Wanted it to be real.

“Okay,” Leah said. “Let’s put our heads together and come up with our own fairytale relationship story.”

“We were talking about our first date,” Caleb said.

“Yes. What about dinner at one of the swanky places on Restaurant Row in Midtown Manhattan?”

“Dinner? Really? That’s the best you could do?”

“You can do better?” she asked him.

Caleb paused for a moment before he pointed to her. “Whitewater rafting in the Adirondacks,” he challenged. “Or is that too much for you?”

Leah tipped her head to the side. A slight grin gradually lifted one corner of her mouth. “Actually, I would consider that a perfect first date,” she said. “I’ve always wanted to go whitewater rafting.”

Caleb jerked his head back in surprise. “Really?”

She nodded. “You know that beer commercial with people whitewater rafting in the Rockies? I DVR’d it. I’ll watch it every now and then and imagine myself racing across the water.”

“If you’ve wanted to go rafting this much, why haven’t you?”

“Besides the fact that I never had anyone willing to go with me?” She hunched her shoulders. “It’s just not something I’ve ever made the time to do.”

“You know what I think?” Caleb asked. “I think you need to start making the time to do some of the things you really want to do. Life is short. Why waste a day of it just sitting on the sidelines. Get out there and do what you love.”

The moment he said the words, Caleb nearly choked on his own hypocrisy.

Who in the hell was he to talk about wasting time sitting on the sidelines? He’d made an Olympic sport of it. For the past four months he’d intentionally put himself on the sidelines, too afraid to make a move.

His role in the mishandling of the Bergen County prostitution sting had messed his mind up so badly that just the thought of going back out into the field made Caleb want to hurl up his lunch. The accolades he’d received from colleagues, praising the work he’d done on other cases throughout the years didn’t matter. None of that mattered. What mattered is that he’d messed up, and because of him the lives of three young girls were shattered.

How in the hell was he supposed to put himself back out there knowing what his mistake had done?

“Do you want to know something else I’ve always wanted to do?” Leah asked. The gaiety in her voice wrenched Caleb’s mind away from his dark musings.

“What’s that?” he asked, warming up to her smile.

Her eyes glittered with excitement. “Rock climbing. It’s one of the activities available to guests this weekend, but I didn’t sign up for it because I knew Derrick wouldn’t be interested.”

“In that case you have to do it,” Caleb said. “You’re going to love it. It’s the biggest adrenalin rush. There’s some great spots in the Shawangunk Mountains over in Ulster County.”

She put her hands up. “I’m not ready for climbing real rocks. I was talking about those walls you find at the gym.”

“Why not just play on the jungle gym at the park? If you’re going to go rock climbing, go rock climbing.”

Her brown eyes widened with understanding, as if a lightbulb had just gone off in her head. “Now I get it,” Leah said. “You’re a total adrenalin junkie.”

“Can’t argue with the truth,” Caleb returned.

“I like that.” Her eyes dropped to his lips.

There was an air of electricity that pulse between them; a charge that filled the space surrounding them. Caleb wondered what she would do if he closed the space between them and connected his mouth with hers. It seemed so natural, like the obvious next step.

But it wasn’t. It only seemed that way to him because, in his mind, they’d already made it past several of those normal relationship steps. He had to keep reminding himself that reality was very different from the fantasy he’d built up in his head.

“Okay, what other adventures have we experienced in our make-believe relationship?” Caleb asked her.

Those eyes lit up again. “What about zip-lining in Jamaica? Is it okay if we’ve done that once too?”

“You mean you’ve never been zip-lining in Jamaica?” Caleb asked incredulously.

“You have?”

“No,” he answered in that same incredulous tone before allowing a smile to break out across his face.

Leah playfully slapped his arm, but before she could pull her hand away, Caleb caught and held it. When he spoke, he made sure his voice was deliberately serious.

“If zip-lining in Jamaica is something you’ve always wanted, you shouldn’t let anything stop you.” His voice lowered. “I would love to be the one to take you on these adventures, Leah. Just say the word, and I’m there.”

That charge returned to the air, hotter and brighter than before. Her eyes connected with his and held. Caleb could see her chest rising and falling with the shallow breaths she took as her eyes dipped to his lips.

One second. That’s all it would take for him to lean forward and press his lips to hers. To finally experience what he’d dreamt about for the past year.

With a start, Leah’s head reared back and she jerked her hand away from his. She jumped up from the bench.

“I…uh…I think we have enough to get us through the mixer tonight,” she said. She pointed to the horizon. “The mixer starts at sundown. We should make our way over there.”

She quickly left the gazebo.

Caleb stared at her retreating form for several moments, wondering if he’d done himself more damage than good, but he couldn’t just sit idly by anymore. Not after discovering that she was no longer engaged.

He wanted her for himself.

He’d had a thing for this woman from the very first morning he’d walked into his brand new backyard and found her firm backside up in the air as she picked herbs from his garden.

But he had to be careful. He didn’t want to set himself up as a rebound guy. He knew he would never be satisfied with being the one who soothed her ego and got her ready for the next guy who came along. He wanted to be that next guy. He wanted to be the only guy.

He would have to figure out a way to make that happen. He had to.





Chapter Four





By the time Caleb caught up with Leah, she’d made it past the tennis courts and nearly to the boathouse. He started to speak, but thought better of it. He could tell by the look in her eyes a few minutes ago that she’d been caught off guard by what had passed between them back in the gazebo.

Hell, he’d been caught off guard. After Leah revealed that she was no longer engaged, Caleb had decided to test out whether the attraction he’d felt this past year could possibly be mutual. He hadn’t expected it to be returned with such force. Whatever had passed between them back in the gazebo had been too strong to ignore.

But he wouldn’t bring it up just yet. He knew better than to push her into acknowledging anything she wasn’t ready to see. They had the entire weekend together. He would take this slow.

They arrived at the clearing where tonight’s mixer was being held. A huge fire pit sat in the middle of the grounds, surrounded by groupings of handsome Adirondack chairs with plush cushions. They added the same touch of opulence that was evident in the main dining hall.

Caleb recognized most of the couples milling about from this morning’s welcoming session. Thankfully, Marcy and Mark, who’d joined them at lunch, were already deep in conversation with another group. He didn’t have anything against the husband and wife, but they were so sugary sweet he was afraid he’d get diabetes if he hung around them for too long.

Instead of claiming one of the empty seats, he tipped his head to the fire pit. “It’s a marshmallow roast. I guess that means we should roast marshmallows.”

“I guess so,” Leah said. The small smile she sent his way didn’t reach her eyes. Yeah, she’d been spooked by that surge of attraction that had passed through them earlier.

They went over to the pit and Caleb lifted two metal skewers from a tall, slender, galvanized bucket. He stuck a jumbo size marshmallow on the end of each skewer and handed one to Leah.

“This is a treat,” she said. “I’ve never done this before.”

“Roasted marshmallows? My childhood was made of stuff like this,” he said.

“I didn’t realize roasting marshmallows was such a huge thing in D.C.”

“Nah, not in D.C. I spent my summers down in rural Georgia with my grandparents,” Caleb explained. “My older brother and I would go camping in their backyard all the time. We’d roast marshmallows while my uncle Leroy did his best to scare the shit out of us with his ghost stories.”

Leah burst out laughing. “Somehow I just can’t picture you being afraid of ghosts.”

“Believe it. I was a total scaredy cat, and not just of ghost stories,” he said. “But I hated admitting that I was afraid of anything, so I’d make myself do whatever I had to do to get over the fear. That wasn’t always the smartest thing either,” he said, wiggling his right arm. “Broke this when I was eight years old, trying to prove to my cousins that I wasn’t afraid of heights. Fell right off the roof of the chicken coop.”

She laughed so much that tears started to form in the corners of her eyes. “It sounds like you grew up more of a country boy than a city boy,” Leah said. “Now I understand why you were so upset about your friends bailing on you this weekend. You’re overdue for some outside adventure time.”

“Long overdue,” Caleb agreed. “I don’t get to do this kind of stuff nearly as much as I’d like to. I just wish I could make it down to Georgia more often. It’s beautiful there. Give me a clear night, and I’m satisfied. I’d just lay back on the grass and stare up at the stars. They’re so brilliant and bright. Nothing compares to it.”

“It sounds lovely,” Leah said. “I’ve lived in the city my entire life. I’ve never experienced anything like that.”

Caleb reached over and swiped his thumb along the edge of her mouth, wiping away a piece of marshmallow. “I’ll add that to the list.”

Her eyes followed his hand as he sucked the marshmallow off his thumb.

“What list?” she asked, her voice low. Husky.

“The list of experiences I plan to show you.”

Her brows rose. “What type of things are you putting on this list?”

“Everything you’ve wanted to do but haven’t because of your ex-boyfriend.”

“It’s not all Derrick’s fault,” she said.

Caleb put a finger over her lips. “Shhh,” he whispered. “I’m instituting a new rule for the weekend. No more mentions of the ex’s name. Unless you call him Mr. Lexus.”

He felt her lips curve into a smile.

God, what he wouldn’t give to kiss her right now. What he wouldn’t give to skip over this part where he had to suss out her feelings and take things slow. He wanted to jump right into it. He wanted to make her his.

A tinning sound rang out around the clearing. Caleb turned to find Geoff hitting his ring against a wine glass. He and his wife stood next to a table that held several ice buckets brimming with bottles of wine.

“We hope everyone is having a great time so far,” Geoff started. “As Katherine explained in this afternoon’s short orientation, today is all about getting to know your fellow couples here at this weekend’s retreat. We encourage you all to mingle. Some of you have attended our retreats before. Share your experiences and why you felt the desire to return. Tomorrow, we will start to get into the nitty gritty of Relationship Excavation 101.” He smiled. “By the way, Katherine deserves the credit for the title of this weekend’s retreat.”

“Actually, Geoff deserves the credit,” Katherine said as she stepped in. “It was on a surprise trip to Egypt for our anniversary that I came up with the idea.” She gave him a kiss as she handed him her wine glass.

“We’ve stated before that activities are optional,” Katherine continued. “The main focus of this weekend is digging down to the heart of your relationship and reconnecting. With some couples, just the act of getting away from your normal environment is enough to create that spark that has started to fizzle, or to open up the lines of communication that may have closed over the years. I do recommend that couples participate in at least one or two of the scheduled activities. But, as always, it’s up to you.”

Geoff chimed in again. “As for tonight, have fun. Eat marshmallows, drink wine, and get to know one another.”

Caleb turned to Leah, who lifted her shoulders in a what do you do? shrug. “I guess we should mingle.”

They meandered around the grounds, introducing themselves to several of the couples they had not met because of their late arrival to the introductory session earlier this afternoon. As they chatted with a couple who happened to be from the D.C. area, Caleb noticed a forlorn look on Leah’s face. When the couple left to get more wine, Caleb pulled Leah aside.

“Is everything okay?” he asked.

She nodded, then shrugged. “I’m good,” she said. “It’s just that as I see all these couples, I realize that I never had any of this with Der— Mr. Lexus.”

“Never had what?”

“This,” she said, gesturing to the crowd. “Affection. The genuine affection I see here.” She pointed toward the fire pit. “Look how Mark’s hand is resting at the small of Marcy’s back. And those two over there.” She pointed to a couple they had yet to meet. “I’ve been watching them for the past twenty minutes. He’s always running his fingers along his wife’s arm, or down her back, or over her hair. Those little insignificant displays of affection mean so much.” She turned to Caleb. “I didn’t realize until tonight that they had been missing from my relationship.”

Caleb took her hand and brought it to his lips.

“What are you doing?” Leah asked.

He leaned over and whispered in her ear. “Playing the doting fiancé,” he said. “If that’s what you need tonight, I’m more than happy to provide it.”

His pulse quickened as heat flared in Leah’s eyes.

“I just have one question,” she said, her voice soft.

Caleb’s brow arched.

“Is this really all for show?” she asked.

He stared at her for several long moments before answering, “That’s up to you to decide.”

Just then the couple from D.C., Abigail and Joel, returned, carrying wine for the four of them. Caleb watched Leah as she sipped her wine. He tried to gauge her reaction to that last statement, but she was suddenly engrossed in the story Joel was telling about poison ivy he and Abigail had fallen into the last time they attended a couple’s retreat.

Determined to play his role as the loving fiancé, Caleb wrapped one arm around her waist and rested his hand on her hip. He felt Leah stiffen just a bit before she relaxed and laughed again at something Joel said. Caleb was so tempted to take it a step further and kiss her. Not a full on kiss; a peck on her temple, or maybe the top of her head. He just wanted to feel that connection, just in case she decided later on that this really was all for show. He wanted, just for a moment, to pretend it was real.

“So, how did he propose?” Abigail asked, gesturing her wine glass toward Caleb.

Leah looked up at him, her eyes bright with what would look like affection to anyone who didn’t recognize it for what it actually was: pure panic. Her eyes practically screamed Shit! Why hadn’t we thought to cover this!

“It was the most romantic proposal,” Leah started. “I, uh, came home one evening to find a trail of roses leading to the backyard, where Caleb had set up a romantic candlelight dinner underneath the stars.”

What the hell? He’d never do something so cheesy.

“Except, when she lifted the dome off of the serving tray, it was a cheese pizza,” Caleb interjected. “You see, I knew she would have found that proposal cliché. Like something from a sappy chick flick,” he said, looking at Leah.

“I happen to like the occasional chick flick,” Leah replied.

“Not as much as you love action movies,” Caleb said. “See, after I revealed the pizza, she realized it was all a set up for the real proposal. I brought her out to this place in the city that specializes in extreme skydiving. We did a nighttime tandem skydive, and I popped the question right before we pulled our parachutes.”

“Oh, wow! That’s amazing,” Abigail said. She bumped her husband with her hip. “And you thought proposing in front of the Lincoln Memorial was the epitome of romance.”

“The lighting is romantic,” Joel said with a shrug. He pointed at Caleb. “Thanks a lot. I doubt there’s anyone here who can compete with skydiving.”

“I’m a bit of an adventure fanatic,” Caleb said. “I was lucky enough to find a woman who has the same adventurous streak.” He pulled Leah closer, until the entire length of his thigh pressed against hers. Heat radiated from where their bodies touched.

“It sounds like the two of you were made for each other,” Abigail said with a wistful sigh.

Caleb went for broke, pressing a kiss to the crown of Leah’s head. “I like to think so,” he said with a wink.

“I look forward to hearing more stories about your adventures in the classes tomorrow. I do hope you two plan to attend.”

“Absolutely,” Caleb said. “We’re going to attend as many as possible.”

“Actually,” Leah hastily interjected. “We still have to go over the schedule.”

“True, but you’ll catch us in a few,” Caleb said.

“Great! We’ll see you tomorrow,” Abigail replied. “Enjoy the rest of the mixer. Have more wine. From what I see over there, there’s lots.”

The moment they stepped away, Leah turned to him, but before she could speak, Caleb said, “Really? A trail of rose petals leading to a candlelight dinner? Do I really seem like the kind of guy who would do something that corny?”

“Forget the fake proposal,” she said. “Why did you tell Abigail we’ll see her tomorrow?”

“Because we will,” Caleb said. “You said you wanted to attend some of the workshops. So we’re attending some of the workshops.” He leaned over and whispered in her ear. “But if we’re going to pretend we’re in a relationship, it’s going to be the most kickass relationship to have ever existed.”

Leah looked up at him. After several moments passed, a small smile tilted up the side of her lips. “Fine. Kickass it is.”



The deafening chirp of crickets and other nighttime creatures accompanied them as they walked along the pebbled path leading to their cabin. Leah tried to recall the stories she’d heard from the various couples they’d met tonight, but her mind refused to focus on anything but the giant elephant that awaited them in the cabin upon their return. The moment Caleb opened the door, she could feel its oppressive weight.

Sexual tension saturated the air. It was heavy with it. Potent.

She should have expected this. Their lighthearted flirting over the course of the evening, combined with the subtle underlay of attraction that seemed to hover in the air whenever she was around Caleb, all but guaranteed this outcome on the first night the two of them shared a room. Every inch of her skin tingled with an odd, nervous energy.

“Do you—”

“Would you—”

Caleb motioned for her to speak.

“I was just going to ask if you wanted to use the bathroom first?” Leah said.

“I was going to ask you the same thing.” He grinned. “You go first. It’ll give me time to make up the couch.”

The weighty pause that followed his reminder about their sleeping arrangements hung in the air like a corpulent cloud.

“Okay,” Leah said, cringing at her own awkwardness. “Thank you.”

She pulled the diffuser out of her carry-on and plugged it up.

“What’s that?” Caleb asked.

“A diffuser,” Leah said. “I hope you don’t mind. Diffusing essential lavender oil into the air at night helps me to sleep.”

He shrugged. “Not a problem.”

After setting up the diffuser, she grabbed the mesh packing cube that contained her nightwear and headed for the bathroom. Closing the door behind her, she leaned against it and slap her hand to her chest. She could feel her heart pounding against her palm.

“Get a grip,” Leah quietly admonished.

Fat chance of that happening. When she unzipped the packing cube, her heartbeat escalated.

Shit!

It looked like a Victoria’s Secret Semi-Annual Sale had exploded in her luggage. When she’d packed a couple of days ago, it was with the intention of spending a romantic weekend away with her fiancé, not her next-door neighbor. There was not a single appropriate piece of sleepwear in the bunch.

Leah pulled out several pairs of panties and a couple of bras, along with the two sets of pajamas she’d packed. Her body started to heat from the inside out. How was she supposed to walk out of this bathroom wearing either of these?

The smoke-gray pajama set with the pale-pink lace trimming was the more conservative of the two, but not by much. Unlike the black sheer nightgown, at least parts of her body would actually be covered up. Still, the set left very little to the imagination. The thin spaghetti straps held up a slinky camisole top with a plunging neckline created to display her cleavage to the utmost advantage. The shorts were cut ultra high, revealing an abundance of skin.

However, that black nightgown revealed an abundance of everything. The scrap of sheer material was completely see-through. She balled up the nightgown and stuffed it back in the packing cube, where it would remain the entire weekend.

As Leah settled in for an extra long shower, she told herself she was only enjoying a luxury she rarely indulged in, but her more sensible side knew exactly what this ten minute shower was about. Total stalling tactic.

“You can’t spend all night in here,” Leah said as she turned off the water and climbed out of the shower. She removed the plastic shower cap from her head and brushed through her relaxed hair. When she was done, she lathered on her favorite lotion, relishing in the fact that she could use it without having to worry about Derrick and his damn allergies. There were so many things she could return to doing now that he was no longer in her life.

Leah’s hand halted in the middle of rubbing lotion on her elbow. She looked in the mirror, her eyes widening as the realization slowly dawned on her.

I’m free!

She no longer had to hide all those things Derrick had made her ashamed of. She could fully embrace her love of outlandish reality TV shows and newsstand magazines filled with celebrity gossip. She could take up outdoor sports again, which she’d enjoyed for years before her ex slowly began to convince her that a stuffy gym was the better choice when it came to getting in her daily exercise. She’d even held back on her strength training regimen because Derrick thought her toned muscles weren’t feminine enough.

Leah shook her head as she continued to stare at the woman in the mirror. How had she allowed things to get to this point? How had she allowed him to change her? She’d read countless think pieces on women who had lost their identities once they found themselves in a relationship. She never imagined she would become one of them.

But she had.

“Never again,” Leah whispered.

She would never allow this to happen again.

Leah turned for the door, but then stopped. She looked down at her attire and felt her skin flush with embarrassment. Nerves swarmed her stomach.

She hadn’t bothered to pack a robe. Should she wrap a towel around herself?

No. That would look ridiculous.

Should she crack open the door, let Caleb know she was coming out, and ask him not to look?

Leah released a groan. Just do it already.

Sucking in a deep breath, she opened the door and headed straight for the bed, scampering as quickly as possible while trying not to look as if she was running to get under the covers. She felt Caleb’s eyes on her the entire time.

Once on the bed, she pulled the plaid comforter over her and tucked it underneath her arms. “Bathroom’s all yours,” she said.

God, did she have to sound so breathless?

Caleb’s assessing gaze remained on her as several nerve-wracking moments ticked by. Finally, he said, “Thanks,” then walked into the bathroom.

He walked out less than ten minutes later, wearing a pair of dark-blue pajama pants and nothing else.

Good Lord. Good. Lord.

Leah had never come so close to swallowing her own tongue before. This wasn’t the first time she’d seen his bare chest. During the summer months, he often jogged or did yard work without a shirt. But to see it so up-close and personal?

His freshly scrubbed, sun-kissed chestnut-brown skin looked ridiculously soft, even as it stretched over his hard, taut muscles. He had the perfect build, all lean and sinewy, powerful and tight. Just being in the same space with this man induced the most inappropriate thoughts.

“Leah?” Caleb called.

She snapped to attention. “Uh, what?”

Had he spoken to her?

A faint grin played at corner of his lips as he gestured to the brochure on the coffee table. “I asked if you wanted to go over the list of activities on tap for tomorrow?”

Great. He had spoken to her. But she’d been too busy openly ogling his magazine-worthy chest to realize it. If she was fated to be struck by lightening, now would be the perfect time.

“So?” he asked.

Leah clasped her hands on top of the comforter and released a deep breath.

“Look, Caleb, despite what you said in front of Abigail and Joel tonight, you really don’t have to do this. I invited you here to enjoy the outdoors. Go fishing, or hiking, or whatever it is that you’d planned to do with your friends.”

He came over to stand next to her bed. Leah had to pull in several breaths to calm her rapidly beating heart.

“Forget what I’d planned to do with my friends,” he said.

“But—”

“I’ll have time to fish and hike and do all that other stuff this weekend. And if I don’t, so what?” He shrugged. “You had your heart set on participating in some of the activities this weekend. You should still be able to do them. I want to help. Let me.”

Leah stared up at him in sheer amazement. Could he really be this sweet?

Everything she knew about him indicated that he was. After all, this was the same man who routinely helped their elderly neighbor, Mrs. Miles, cart her groceries inside, and who changed the oil in Mr. Henderson’s decades old pickup truck every three months. Caleb’s heart seemed to be genuine. Why not allow him to “help” her get through the weekend?

“So, no complaints when Geoff asks you to do a trust fall?” Leah asked.

His eyes narrowed. “Maybe I should read over some of those activities first.”

She burst out laughing. “No trust falls. I promise.”

His grin revealed the faintest crow’s-feet at the corners of his eyes. How could they possibly look as sexy on him as they did? It was totally unfair.

“Well, I guess we should get some sleep,” Caleb said after several moments passed. “It’s been a long day with the drive up from Jersey.”

“It has been,” Leah agreed. “I can’t believe it was just this morning that I overheard you and your friend arguing.”

His brow crinkled with his frown. “Wait? You heard that.”

Her cheeks instantly heated.

Busted.

“I told you I was nosy,” Leah said. “I hid behind my open trunk for a while. I just wanted to make sure everything was okay.”

“I’ll have to watch what I say around you.” Amusement danced in his brown eyes as he continued to linger at the foot of her bed.

Leah’s gaze was drawn to his mouth. She couldn’t look away if she tried. The air crackled with the electricity racing between them.

“Well, goodnight,” Caleb said.

“Goodnight,” Leah returned.

She slipped underneath the covers and listened as he made his way over to the sofa. There was rustling, then the lamp switched off, plunging the room into darkness.

Did she really think it would be better once the lights were out? Ha ha. Silly her.

The intimacy created by the pitch-black room was so apparent her body practically sizzled with it. She was afraid to even take a breath. Any movement—any sound—seemed as if it would throw off the delicate balance in the room.

Several minutes passed before Caleb’s quiet voice pierced the darkness.

“Leah?” he intoned in a hushed voice.

“Yes?” she asked, not even pretending to be asleep.

“Why haven’t you done any of the adventurous things we talked about for our fake dates?”

His question threw her. It wasn’t what she’d been expecting. And she wasn’t sure how to answer.

Actually, she did know the answer, but it made her uncomfortable to voice it out loud.

What strong, independent woman would be okay with admitting that so much of what she’d done was dictated by others? That most of the life choices she’d made—about her career, her schooling, even the way she wore her hair—had been made with her family’s approval in mind, and not necessarily because it was what she wanted?

Familial pressure was a son of a bitch.

“It’s just not something a girl like me is supposed to do,” Leah finally answered.

“A girl like you?”

She released a sigh. She didn’t want to talk about this. She never talked about this. She’d quietly shouldered this burden for years. It was an uncomfortable aspect of her life that she’d always resented, but she had no idea how to change it.

“You’d have to understand how I grew up,” Leah said.

“I think I already know.”

“Really?” She sat up in bed, turning on the bedside lamp. “What do you think you know?”

Caleb levered himself up on an elbow. He dwarfed the small couch.

He ticked the list off on his fingers. “Boarding school, old money, skiing trips up in the mountains for winter break.”

“Wrong, wrong, and wrong. I happen to be a proud product of the Newark public school system,” Leah informed him, unable to conceal her smug grin at seeing how his eyes widened in shock. “And while my family does have money, it isn’t old. In fact, it stems from a hot comb in my mom’s kitchen.”

“No kidding,” he said.

When Caleb sat up, the sheet covering his chest fell to his waist. It took Leah a moment to remember exactly what they were talking about.

Oh, yeah. Her family.

“My mother was a hairdresser,” she continued. “She started out doing hair in the kitchen because she couldn’t afford to rent space. She eventually grew the business into a legitimate beauty salon, which eventually became a chain of beauty salons throughout South Jersey.”

“That’s pretty awesome.”

“It is,” Leah said, feeling a burst of pride. “She put my dad through dental school. He now has a practice with several locations and over fifty dentists.”

“Whoa. So you come from some serious new money,” Caleb said.

“I won’t deny that my family is well-off, but my parents worked hard for it. You’ll never catch me complaining about my upbringing. I was given every opportunity to become a success. But, there’s a downside.” She grimaced. “I feel horrible even saying that.”

“What do you see as the downside?” His voice had dropped a shade, as if he sensed that this wasn’t easy and was afraid speaking too loudly would hurt her in some way. Leah was struck by his thoughtfulness.

“Downside is probably not the right word,” she said. “It’s just that there is a certain standard I’m expected to uphold. The thought of disappointing my parents in anyway is one of my biggest fears, which is why I haven’t really embraced my more adventurous side.”

“What does zip-lining have to do with disappointing your parents?”

“It’s not just the zip-lining. It’s everything,” she said. “It’s important that I behave a certain way, attain a certain level of success, marry the right man.”

“And Derrick is the right man?

“Was,” she said. “To people like my parents, Derrick was perfect. That’s why I was willing to marry him, even though I wasn’t head over heels in love with him.” Even though she used to suffer panic attacks just thinking about marrying him. “Derrick was good enough. It didn’t seem like a big sacrifice to make.”

“Not a big sacrifice? You were planning to spend the rest of your life with him,” Caleb said. “You deserve more than just good enough, Leah.”

She swallowed past the lump that had suddenly wedged itself in her throat.

“You want to know something else?” Caleb asked. “I think it’s bullshit that you feel that you can’t live your life the way you want to. It’s your life. Forget about what other people think and do whatever you need to do to make you happy. If that’s zip-lining, then go zip-lining.”

If only it were that easy.

She’d always felt pressure to adhere to a certain set of rules. Because her mother hadn’t been born into wealth—but had instead scraped her way into it—she was even more adamant that Leah maintain an air of decorum.

She could remember her mother scolding her for coming home with a tear in the knee of her stockings and her Sunday dress all muddied up from playing on the jungle gym in the park, instead of sitting prim and proper on the swings. Prim and proper had never come naturally to her. Leah now recognized that she’d allowed Derrick to place those same constraints on her.

Never again. Never.

“You’re right,” Leah said. “I’ve been putting on this act for so long, I’m unsure who the real Leah is. Maybe it’s time I start doing some of those crazy, adventurous things I’ve always wanted to do.”

“There’s no ‘maybe’ about it,” Caleb replied. “Use this weekend to reconnect with the real Leah. If it’s adventure you’re looking for, go out there and find it. And if you need someone to show you the way, I’m right here.”

His words brought a level of comfort and excitement to Leah that she hadn’t felt in so long, she’d forgotten that she could feel this way. Had Derrick ever offered to just be there for her? In anything?

“I appreciate the offer,” Leah said, a grin drifting across her lips. “I just may take you up on it.”

The warmth radiating from his sincere smile heated her from the inside out. Leah still wasn’t sure what to make of the feelings that had begun to stir within her. This connection was different from anything she’d ever experienced with Derrick. There was an honesty to it. Not only could she be herself around Caleb, but she could tell that’s what he wanted. She didn’t have to pretend to be anyone else. She didn’t have to fit a mold.

Could this be real? Or was her bruised heart reading too much into it?

She needed to be careful. One false step and she could be in for a world of hurt.





Chapter Five





“No! No, not this one.”

Leah snatched the puzzle piece from Caleb’s fingers and glided her thumb around the edges. “See, it curves right here,” she said. “It would never fit where you were trying to put it.”

She and Caleb had been working on this morning’s opening activity for the past ten minutes. When they arrived at Pinecone Lodge for a workshop that was billed as “the best determiner of how in-tune couples were to each other,” Leah was surprised to find tables with puzzles scattered on top of them, the kind with huge pieces intended for toddlers. She was even more surprised when Katherine announced that to complete this morning’s activity, couples simply had to put together this very simple puzzle.

And then the blindfolds came out.

Leah had since learned that a simple puzzle could turn into one of the most complicated things ever when you couldn’t see what you were doing.

She’d also learned that she and Caleb worked surprisingly well together. And that her neighbor was one of the most competitive people she’d ever met. Once Caleb discovered that points would be awarded—even though Geoff explained that the points really didn’t mean anything—his entire demeanor changed. He was all about winning.

It had been ages since she’d had this much fun.

It had also been a long time since she’d found herself this aroused in public. Despite the dozen or so people in the room, whenever Caleb bumped into her, Leah’s entire body would light up like firecrackers.

“What about this piece?” Caleb asked. He took her hand, and together their fingers traced the puzzle’s rounded cardboard edge.

A charge shot across Leah’s skin. There was something enticingly erotic about the delicate glide of Caleb’s calloused fingers brushing against hers. The blindfolds only added to the intimacy.

They managed to get the next puzzle piece in place.

“I think there’s only one left,” she said. Leah patted around the table, searching for the final piece.

“Got it,” Caleb called, and together they placed the last piece onto the puzzle. Still holding Leah’s hand, he lifted his and called out, “We’re done.”

Moments later, Katherine announced that they did indeed have a winner and that all couples could remove their blindfolds. When Leah took off her blindfold, Caleb’s beaming smile nearly blinded her.

“Good work, honey,” he said, that teasing smile growing wider.

He’d started with the endearments first thing this morning, claiming that if they were going to convince anyone they were engaged, then they would have to play the parts. Leah had become more comfortable with the idea with every second that passed.

“Not bad yourself, darling,” she returned with a cheeky grin.

The amusement sparkling in Caleb’s brown eyes set off a tingling in the pit of her stomach. It was maddening. She wasn’t some teenager with a schoolgirl crush, but that’s how she’d felt most of the morning. The funny, flirty banter they’d engaged in seemed foreign to her. She’d forgotten that this was how people in relationships were supposed to act.

Leah wasn’t naive enough to think that this was all an act. She knew it was more than that. There was a serious dose of mutual lust going on here. It was only natural that two people who were physically attracted to each other would find themselves at this point.

As long as she kept reminding herself that it should not—would not—move past this point. She’d allowed the emotional part of her brain to rule in the past, but that was not going to happen this time. History had shown her that she could no longer trust her own instincts, and that what she was feeling in the moment didn’t necessarily lead her down the right path. She had to be smart about what she allowed her heart to feel.

But a little flirting with Caleb? Yeah, she could handle that.

“Do you all understand the meaning behind the activity we just completed?” Katherine asked. “Do you see how adding the blindfold forced you both to rely on one another in order to successfully complete the tasks?”

The psychologist walked back and forth between the tables. “I observed you all as you worked together, and could see which couples did well, and which struggled. I can also see why the couples who struggled did so. At the end of today’s session, I would like to speak to any couple who felt that they did not work as effectively together as they thought they would. Let’s talk about why that was the case.” She turn directly to Leah and Caleb. “For those of you who did work well together, kudos! Keep up the good work.”

Leah leaned over and whispered in Caleb’s ear. “Of all the people here, who would have thought we would be the couple who worked well together, huh?”

“I did.”

Leah was taken aback by the genuine sincerity in his voice.

“You did?” she asked. “Based on what?”

“Didn’t you notice? Everyone else talked over each other. We were the only two who actually listened to each other.” His eyes gleamed with mischief as he whispered, “I wouldn’t be surprised if we discovered that there were a lot of things we did well together.”

Desire shot through her.

Leah opened her mouth to speak, but before she could, Geoff called for everyone to gather in a circle.

“This next activity happens to be one of my favorites,” he said. “Thankfully, it tends to be a huge hit with participants, as well. We call it ‘Two Truths and a Lie.’ The object of the game is to see how well you really know your significant other.”

“This will be harder for some of our long-timers, but that’s what makes it so much fun,” Katherine injected. “No matter how long you’ve been together, there is always something new to learn about the person you’re with.”

“That’s right,” Geoff said. “For instance, after thirty years of marriage, I just discovered that Katherine doesn’t like my snoring. Who knew?”

His line was delivered which such corny precision that Leah knew it was one he’d used a thousand times, but she still laughed. She couldn’t help it. Despite their schmaltzy jokes, she found the Mumfords endearing.

“That has never been a secret,” Katherine said of Geoff’s snoring comment. Then she clapped her hands together as if she were rounding up a classroom of preschoolers.

“I want each couple to find a quiet spot and start sharing. Remember, there is no winner with this activity, and there aren’t any right or wrong answers, either. This is a way for you two to gain even further insight into each other. Oh, and for added fun, make sure your lie isn’t too obvious. Make it really hard for your partner to figure it out.”

“I don’t know about this one,” Leah said as she followed Caleb to the right side of the large conference room Katherine and Geoff had commandeered for this morning’s activity. Leah took a seat in one of the stick back chairs that had been brought in from the main hall. Instead of joining her, Caleb folded his arms across his chest and leaned against the wall.

“Let me have it,” he said. “Two truths and a lie.”

“You really want to play along?”

He shrugged. “Why not? We had fun putting together the puzzle, didn’t we?”

Leah cocked one brow with deliberate skepticism, but acquiesced, shrugging her shoulders.

“Okay.” She tapped her bottom lip with her thumb. “Let’s see. Two truths and a lie.” She tipped her head to the side, then pointed at him. “I was on the varsity volleyball team in college. I once stole ten dollars from the collection plate at church. I have a tattoo somewhere on my person.”

“Hmm, interesting.” Caleb massaged his chin, then posed as if recreating Rodin’s The Thinker. “Well, I know the volleyball thing must be true.”

“What makes you so sure?”

“You like to workout. I figure that athleticism didn’t just pop up out of nowhere.”

She shrugged again. “Okay, I can see how you would come to that conclusion. So, which one is the lie? The tattoo or stealing from the collection plate?”

“I really want you to have a tattoo, so I’ll go with stealing the ten bucks,” he said.

Leah couldn’t help her smile. “Wrong,” she said.

Caleb’s mouth dropped opened. “You stole while in church? While actually in the building?”

She nodded.

“So the tattoo is a lie?” The disappointment in his voice made her laugh harder.

“Actually, being on the volleyball team is a lie. I played in high school, but I’d given up the sport by the time I entered college.”

“So the one statement that I just knew to be true turns out to be the lie.” Caleb shook his head. But then he stopped short and stared at her, his eyes narrowing. “That means you really do have a tattoo?”

“Yes, I do.”

He pulled his bottom lip between his teeth as his gaze drifted down her body. “I’m having a really good time guessing where it is.”

“Get you’re mind out of the gutter.” Leah laughed. “It’s on my shoulder blade. I got it in honor of my grandmother, Margaret. Orchids were her favorite.”

“That’s sweet, but it totally messes up my fantasy.”

Leah listened to the little devil tapping her on the shoulder. With a decidedly sexy grin, she said, “I never said it was my only tattoo.”

She heard the sharp breath Caleb inhaled. He dropped his hands to his sides and rubbed them against this pants. “Don’t put these kinds of thoughts in my head, Leah. At least not when we’re in public. Unless you want me to embarrass the both of us.”

“How so?”

He glanced briefly at his lap. “Mention a tattoo in unmentionable places again, and you’ll see.”

Leah felt herself blushing. The satisfaction she experienced just by seeing how strongly he was affected gave her ego a boost it very much needed right now. Sometimes a girl just needed to see that a man desired her. And there was no doubt in her mind that Caleb desired her.

“Maybe we should change the subject,” she said.

“Yeah, that might be good.” His eyes narrowed. “Tell me about this life of crime you started back in church?”

Leah’s burst of laughter was so loud it drew stares from the other couples.

“It is the one and only time I’ve ever stolen money,” she said. “I was eight and I wanted the newest Barbie Doll. She came with rollerblades and was the absolute coolest doll in the world.”

“Why didn’t you just ask your parents for it?”

“Because my mom had already said no. I was on punishment for getting in a fight with a boy at school the week before.”

Caleb’s eyes bulged. “A fight? Now that’s one you should have included in your two truths and a lie. I can’t picture you fighting in school. And fighting a boy?”

“He used to call me Leah Lizard Face. One day I decided I’d had enough, and I punched him in the mouth.”

“Serves that little bastard right,” Caleb said. “Where does he live now? Let me kick his ass for you.”

Her heart warmed at how he charmingly came to her defense.

“Thank you, but it’s no longer necessary, Mr. Knight in Shining Armor. Rickey apologized. In fact, he’s married to one of my closest college friends. I’m the one who introduced them to each other.”

“I still want to beat him up,” he said.

Leah chuckled. “It’s your turn,” she said. “Two truths and a lie.”

Caleb let out a deep, cleansing breath, linked his fingers together and stretched his arms out in front of him.

“This isn’t as easy as I thought it would be.” He looked up at the ceiling, thinking. “Here goes. I know how to curse in four different languages. If I hadn’t gone into law enforcement I would have become a professional poker player. There is video of me out there somewhere singing Aretha Franklin’s “Respect” at a karaoke bar.”

“Oh, God, how I hope that karaoke video exists,” Leah said. “But that has to be the lie.”

“You think so?”

She nodded. “I have no doubt you can curse in four languages with your military history.”

“Smart woman.”

“And between playing poker or singing karaoke, I just think the poker seems more like you.”

He grinned. “I haven’t played a game of poker a day in my life.”

Leah clapped her hands together and brought them to her chest. “That means the video does exists? Oh, my God, I have to see it. Pretty please.”

“Never.”

“Please,” she said. “I’ll do anything.”

His brows spiked and his voice lowered. “Anything?”

A rush of heat instantly engulfed her as the implication of her plea registered. “Anything within reason,” Leah clarified.

“‘Within reason’ is subjective. My definition of what’s reasonable is probably a lot different from yours.” His eyes trained on her lips. “Or, maybe it isn’t.”

Goodness, but it’s getting hot in here.

“I…ah…I think we should get back to the game,” Leah said.

Caleb’s searing gaze remained on her, causing a flood of warmth to invade her bloodstream. Several long, weighty moments drifted by before he finally released her from his sensual stare.

“Let’s see, two truths and a lie.” He tapped his fingers against his lips. “I hate ice cream. I coach youth basketball at the YMCA.” He paused. His eyes honed in on hers again, suffocating in their intensity. “I’ve had a thing for my neighbor since the very first time I met her.”

Leah’s breath caught. Her heart began to beat triple time, thumping like mad within her chest as Caleb’s softly whispered statement pierced the fragile bubbled she’d placed around this entire weekend. It was playacting, right? That’s what this was supposed to be.

Leah cleared her throat and tried her best to ignore the sudden charge surging through the air. With a light laugh, she said, “Katherine said not to make the lie too obvious, remember? It’s clearly the last one.”

Caleb stared at her for a long time before slowly shaking his head. “Wrong. I love ice cream. I’ve also had a thing for my neighbor since the moment I saw her stealing herbs from my garden.”

Awareness fluttered in her belly. “Caleb.”

“I kept it to myself because you were with Derrick, but you’re no longer with him,” he continued. “I’m not going to deny how I feel about you, Leah. Not anymore.”

“Caleb, I—”

But before she could complete the thought, Katherine Mumford clapped her hands, ending the session.

A manic level of anxiety surged through Leah as they made their way back to the center of the room where the rest of the couples had gathered. She didn’t even pretend to pay attention to whatever Geoff had begun to explain to the group. She could not get Caleb’s words out of her head, nor could she unsee the look she’d observed in his eyes.

Truth. Absolute, unmitigated truth. That’s what she’d seen in his eyes.

The fact that she was as taken aback as she now found herself only confirmed that she could no longer trust her own instincts. How could Caleb have had a thing for her since the day he first met her and she not realize it? How?

They weren’t the type of neighbors who invited each other over for backyard barbecues, but it wasn’t as if they went months without speaking to each other, either. Even if it was just a couple of minutes of small talk while she checked the mail or watered her flower bed. She’d had enough face time with Caleb to have read something into his feelings, hadn’t she?

Was he that good at hiding it, or was she just that bad at reading people? Lord knows she’d failed on that front when it came to her two ex-fiancés.

Even more alarming than discovering her neighbor’s year-long crush was acknowledging that the flutter that continued to hum in her belly when she thought about him was very much real. There was no playacting there. Her skin still tingled from when his fingers had brushed against hers while they worked on the puzzle together.

God, was she falling for him?

She couldn’t be. No way. This was nothing more than physical attraction. Intense physical attraction, but that’s it.

She’d just broken up with a man she’d been engaged to marry. She wasn’t emotionally equipped to handle falling for someone else this quickly, even if that someone else did make her breath quicken and her heartbeat escalate with a simple smile.

At this point, Leah wasn’t just unsure if she could trust her own instincts, she was certain that she couldn’t. She’d been so wrong about Derrick. What if she was wrong this time?



Caleb cast the fishing line into the pond, then immediately reeled it in for a better one, even though his first cast had been damn near perfect. Taking his frustration out on his brand new, ridiculously expensive fishing rod was probably the dumbest move he could make, but then again, making dumb moves seemed to be the theme of the day.

Why in the hell did he admit his feelings for Leah the way he had?

What happened to easing into it? Taking things slow? Not freaking her out?

“Idiot,” Caleb mumbled under his breath.

He’d come on way too strong, way too fast. Leah had been engaged to someone else less than forty-eight hours ago. Even if she did feel something remotely romantic toward him, she wouldn’t be ready to admit it. Not to him. Not even to herself. If she acknowledged any feelings for him whatsoever, she would have to acknowledge that she was preparing to marry a man she didn’t love.

Maybe she did love Derrick.

“No.” Caleb shook his head.

He refused to believe that. After what he’d learned about Leah’s relationship with her ex-fiancé—how being engaged to Derrick had dimmed the parts of her that should shine the brightest—Caleb could not fathom there being true love between them. But that didn’t mean she was ready to love anyone else either. It didn’t mean she was ready to love him.

And after the way she’d run off this morning, he may have just spooked her enough that she would never be ready.

After he’d laid his heart bare during the two truths and a lie game, they’d returned to the cabin in silence. Leah claimed she was tired and needed a nap. For a moment Caleb had considered pressing her into talking it out. His desperation to clear the air and explain his words clawed at his conscience, but he figured he’d done enough damage already. Instead, he’d grabbed his fishing rod and an energy bar and made his way to the pond.

Fishing had always done wonders for clearing his mind. At least it usually did. It wasn’t working as well today. Being out here with only his thoughts made him want to throw himself in the water.

Shit, maybe he should see how much it would cost to hire an Uber driver to bring him back to Jersey.

“More than you make in a week,” Caleb said with a grunt.

It wasn’t as if running back home would do much good anyway. They lived right next door to each other, for crying out loud. Did he think he could avoid Leah forever?

Caleb felt a tug on his line and reeled it in, only to come up with a thicket of mossy weeds. That was par for the course based on the way his morning was going.

He cast his line farther this time and stood at the edge of the wooden pier, looking out over the tranquil stillness of the water. He waited for the peace he usually found while fishing, but it just wasn’t happening. He could forget about clearing his mind today.

Since his regrets were already piled higher than the mountain peak poking the low white clouds overhead, Caleb decided to heap on yet another regret. With his free hand he pulled his phone out of his pocket and checked his email, even though it was against Katherine and Geoff’s rules for the weekend.

It occurred to Caleb that this was the first time he’d even thought about anything work related since he arrived at Camp Firefly Falls. The main reason for his original fishing trip was to figure out what to do about his job, but he’d been so preoccupied with Leah that nothing else had a chance to creep into his head.

Ninety percent of his inbox was filled with junk mail, but Caleb’s throat tightened when he noticed the one from Juan Rodriguez that had come in late last night. He stared at the subject line for a full minute: Just checking in.

Clicking on that email was akin to closing his fist around a double-edged sword. It would slice him open, no matter what he found. If he opened it and read that Juan was doing just fine after taking that job in Maryland, it would make Caleb question why it was taking him so long to get over what had gone down four months ago. If Juan said that he was still in a bad place, it would make Caleb question whether or not he was doomed to live in this state of limbo for the rest of his life as well.

Either way, it would screw with his head.

After several more minutes passed, he decided to pull up his big boy shorts and open the damn email.

The more he read, the bigger the smile that gradually crept along the edges of Caleb’s lips grew. He could always count on Juan to lift his spirits. Even though they’d only worked together for a little over two years before everything went to shit during the Bergen County prostitution sting, he and Juan had developed a friendship that would no doubt last a lifetime.

Caleb’s chest grew tight as Juan explained that he was doing great in his new job, but that he still thought about the case often. Apparently, his friend saw those three young girls that Tommy McCain had held hostage in his sleep as well. God knows it still gave Caleb nightmares.

Maybe one day, eventually, they would both find some peace.

Caleb couldn’t help but laugh when he got to the end of Juan’s email and saw the picture his old partner had attached. It was of Juan and his two sons at a Washington Nationals game, all decked out in New York Yankees gear. He and his partner agreed on a lot of things, but baseball was never one of them.

He hit reply, but closed the draft email before typing a word. Juan deserved more that a quick email, and Caleb wasn’t in the right headspace to type out a thoughtful response just yet. He would reply to his friend later.

As he slipped the phone back into his pocket, he finally felt a bit of that peace he’d been searching for. Knowing that Juan was moving on, yet could still admit that the McCain case popped into his head from time to time, gave Caleb hope. Maybe he was ready to return to the field, after all. If his old partner could do it, so could he.

There was no could about it. Caleb knew what he had to do. It had just taken him a while to get here. When he sent that email to Juan, he would also send one to his superior at the DCJ.

He’d just cast his line back into the water when he heard footsteps making their way toward him. He turned just as Leah reached the bucket of bait he’d brought in from the camp. They both stood there for a moment staring at each other, until the silence became too much to bear.

Caleb reeled his line in and set his fishing rod on the deck of the wooden pier. He wiped his hands on the sides of his pants before stuffing them into his pockets.

With a hunch of his shoulders, Caleb admitted, “I’m not really sure what to do here, Leah. Should I apologize?”

She slipped her hands into her pockets as well. Mimicking his shrug, she asked, “Are you sorry that you said what you said?”

“I am now. It doesn’t change the truth behind it, but if I’d kept my mouth shut maybe you wouldn’t feel the need to stand three feet away from me, like I’m a serial killer or something.”

“I’m sorry about that,” she said as she moved in a step closer. “You just…you threw me with that admission earlier today. I wasn’t expecting that.”

“I know I did, and I’m sorry.” He rubbed the back of his head as he released a deep breath. “But it’s not as if we can just pretend it never happened, Leah. At this point the cat’s already out of the bag. Be honest, the cat’s been out of the bag since we got here.”

Her expression was a mixture of distress and confusion. “I thought it was just a little innocent flirting.”

“So what happens now that you know it was more than that for me?”

“I don’t know.” She shook her head. “Are you sure we can’t just pretend you didn’t say anything?”

“No, I can’t.” Caleb took several steps, closing the rest of the distance between them. He trailed his finger down her bare arm. “And I don’t think you want to pretend I never said it either.”

“Caleb—”

“I like you, Leah. A lot. And, yes, it’s been that way for a while. But I kept quiet because the one thing I refuse to do is go after another man’s girl. But you and Derrick aren’t together, and I’m not going to just stand by and wait for the next guy to come along. I want to be that guy. I want to show you how good we can be together. Because I think we can be really good together, Leah.”

He brought his hand up to her hair and tucked several flyaway strands behind her ear. “Are you willing to give us a chance? We don’t have to rush. We don’t have to change anything we’ve been doing.”

“We were pretending to be a couple,” she pointed out.

“You were pretending.”

She sucked in a breath. “Caleb—”

“Just give me a chance.” He cut her off before she could issue another protest. “That’s all I’m asking for. Just a chance. It may turn out that it’s better if I’m just the guy who lives right next door, but what if it turns out that I really am your Mr. Right? Don’t we both deserve the chance to see where this leads?”

She pulled her bottom lip between her teeth and Caleb almost gave in to the urge to kiss her. But it would be the worst thing he could do seconds after telling her they could take things slow. Instead, he gave her arm a gentle squeeze.

“So?” he asked.

“Okay,” Leah said. Her smile was hesitant, but at least she was smiling. “Let’s see where it leads.”

The relief that rushed through his system was so intense it nearly brought Caleb to his knees.

“Good,” he said after releasing the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.

“So, where do we go from here?” Leah asked.

His mouth tipped up in a grin. “Do you want to join Katherine and Geoff for the relationship obstacle course?”

“I think I’ve had enough of Katherine and Geoff for the day,” she said. She tipped her head to the side. “Would you mind coming into town with me? Well, what constitutes ‘town’ here. I noticed some pottery outside of a little antiques store we passed yesterday. I’d love to take a closer look at their pieces.”

Caleb picked up his fishing rod and pail of bait.

“Let’s go pottery shopping.”





Chapter Six





“Look at this one! Isn’t it gorgeous?” Leah ran her fingers along the rim of the oblong serving platter with its intricately carved pedestal. She’d been hesitant to touch any of the pieces they’d come across, but the store’s proprietor assured her it was okay. “The craftsmanship is extraordinary. Do you know how much patience it takes to create something like this?”

When Caleb didn’t answer, Leah looked over to find his eyes practically glazing over.

“Caleb?”

He blinked several times. “I’m sorry. What?”

“No, I’m the one who’s sorry,” she said with a laugh. “I’m boring you to death.”

“I’m not bored.”

“Oh, of course you’re not.” She rolled her eyes. “Now I see why you’ve never played a game of poker in your life. You have a terrible poker face.” She smiled to let him know she was only teasing. “I’ll admit pottery isn’t the most fascinating subject in the world, but it has done wonders for me.”

His brow dipped with his frown as he drew up next to her. “How so?”

“It’s the perfect stress reliever. My life can get pretty chaotic, especially at work.”

And when she was with her family. And especially when she was with Derrick.

It had not escaped Leah that she’d felt a lot less tense these past two days. Actually, that wasn’t entirely true. But the type of tension she’d felt around Caleb was different. It was the kind that made her heart beat faster in anticipation, not anxiety.

“So, instead of knocking back a couple of drinks after work, you make pottery?” Caleb asked.

“Healthier choice, wouldn’t you say?” She hunched one shoulder. “I know it sounds strange, but there’s something therapeutic about sliding my fingers through the wet clay.”

“It doesn’t sound strange at all,” Caleb said. “If it works for you, go for it.”

Leah stared at him for several moments, thunderstruck by the contrast in attitude. “That’s a refreshing take,” she said. “And very different from what I’m used to hearing whenever I talk about my love for pottery.”

“Let me guess, Mr. Lexus wasn’t a fan?”

“Uh, no. Definitely not. I couldn’t get Derrick to come to a single class with me. He said it was too messy. Whenever I talked about going to my favorite studio, he would come up with something else for us to do. I haven’t sat down at a pottery wheel in months.”

Caleb huffed out a disgusted grunt. “I know you were engaged to him, so I don’t want you to take this the wrong way, but that guy’s an asshole.”

She chuckled as they continued on to the rear of the antiques store.

“I’m sure I can come up with at least a dozen other things that make Derrick an asshole, but I’m not sure dodging a pottery class counts as one.”

“Bullshit,” Caleb said. “Of course it counts. Because it’s not just saying no to a pottery class. It’s saying no to going to a pottery class with you. The guy didn’t know how good he had it.”

“Are you saying you would come to the pottery studio with me?”

“Hell yes,” he said. “Do you remember the scene in that movie with Patrick Swayze and Demi Moore where they’re working with the clay? I’d give anything to recreate that with you.”

Leah’s heart stuttered in her chest. She sucked in a swift breath as she stared at Caleb with confused disbelief.

“I just don’t get it,” she murmured. “Were you just that good at hiding how you’ve felt all this time, or am I just clueless?”

One brow arched as he backed himself into a cubby between two display shelves and leaned against the knotted-pine paneling. “You do recall what I do for a living, don’t you?”

He worked undercover. Of course he was good at hiding his feelings.

“I didn’t want it to seem as if I was coming on too strong, too soon,” he explained. “Tell me you wouldn’t have freaked out if I’d asked you out a week after moving in next door.”

“Yes, I would have,” Leah said. “But that’s another thing I don’t understand. You said you’ve been attracted to me since the first day you met me, but you didn’t even know me then. So was it just your basic, run-of-the-mill lust?”

“Pretty much,” Caleb admitted. “Isn’t that the basis for just about everything?”

He had her there. She’d harbored her share of lustful thoughts about him from the moment she first caught him bare-chested and pushing a lawn mower.

“But the more I got to know you, the more my feelings began to grow into something…different. Something more.” He looked over at her, a smile drawing across his lips. “Want to know the first time it really started to change for me? It was when we had that neighborhood block party for the National Night Out Against Crime. You moderated a discussion on ways to make the community safer.”

“You remember that?”

“Again, the job.”

“Ah, yeah. Well, I guess that would stick out to you,” she said.

“It wasn’t just what you were doing, it’s how you did it. You were so patient with everyone. You made sure every elderly resident in the neighborhood was paired with other neighbors who could look out for them. It was the first time I was able to truly see the type of person you are. Generous. Kind.

“Then at Thanksgiving, when you helped out the local Girl Scout troop with their food drive. You don’t even have kids, but there you were, seeking donations along with the other mothers.”

“I’m a former Girl Scout,” Leah said. “The organization gave so much to me. I just think it’s right that I give back.”

“That’s the thing, Leah. Not everyone operates that way. Hell, hardly anyone operates that way. Most people are too concerned with their own lives to worry about others these days. But not you. You’re always willing to help people in need. I recognize it because it’s the same philosophy I try to live by. When I saw that in you, that’s when that run-of-the-mill lust started to shift into something else.”

Her heart swelled with a mixture of pride and gratefulness. When she volunteered, it was never about getting praise for her work, but it was nice to see her efforts get notice by someone who shared her same values of giving back to the community.

What Caleb saw in her was the same thing Leah saw in him every time he went out of his way to help out one of their neighbors. A part of her had always suspected that their social consciences matched in that way.

“Yet, even after your feelings developed into something more than just physical attraction, you never said anything to me?” Leah asked.

“I almost did.”

Her brow drew downward in confusion. “When?”

“About a month after I moved in,” he said. “I decided to just go for it and ask you out. I knew things would be awkward if you turned me down, but at least I would have tried, right?”

“Why didn’t you?” she asked.

“I got put on a case that required me to be available twenty-four seven. The assignment only lasted a couple of weeks, but by the time it was over that silver Lexus had started showing up in your driveway.”

Derrick.

Leah’s shoulders dropped with sudden disappointment.

“I decided to wait it out, hoping that it wasn’t anything serious between the two of you, but then his car started showing up more often.” Caleb shook his head. “The first morning I woke up to find it still parked in your driveway gutted me. Knowing he’d been there with you all night ate at me for weeks.”

The pain she heard in his voice cut through her.

“But the thing that hurt even more was coming to the realization that you would have probably turned me down anyway,” Caleb continued.

Leah’s head jerked back. “Why would you think that?”

“Easy. I just compared myself to Derrick.” Caleb ticked items off on his fingers. “The car, the shoes, the suits. I figured if you were used to dating guys like that, then you were way out of my league.”

“That’s offensive,” she said.

He frowned, a puzzled expression marring his handsome face. “How is that offensive?”

“Because it makes it seem as if I’d choose a man based on what he has, rather than who he is on the inside.”

“That’s not what I’m saying at all. People tend to be attracted to like people. It’s just a fact, Leah. Hollywood has tried to sell that whole opposites attract thing, but it’s much rarer in real life.”

“And you think we’re opposites.”

“I thought we were. For months that’s how I consoled myself whenever I spotted Derrick’s car in your driveway, telling myself that we wouldn’t have worked anyway. But now I see that we have more in common than I ever realized.” His eyes crinkled at the corners. “Who would have thought you’d turn out to be an adrenaline junkie?”

She laughed. “I think that status applies to someone who actually goes out and does stuff. Not someone who’s most adventurous feat is choosing to take the George Washington Bridge during morning rush hour.”

Caleb reached over and tapped the center of her chest. “You’re one in here,” he said. “That’s what counts.”

Heat radiated from the spot where his fingers touched.

“I couldn’t fully embrace my inner adrenalin junkie when I was with Derrick,” she said. “I’ve got a lot of missed adventures to make up for.”

“I still don’t understand how you ended up with a guy like that,” Caleb said.

“It really isn’t that hard to understand,” she said. She moved over to where he stood, leaning her shoulder against the wall and crossing her arms over her chest. “Just a few days ago there was nothing you could tell me that would convince me that Derrick and I weren’t perfect for each other. I’d convinced myself of that. He checked every box off the list.”

“You have a list?”

“Everyone has a list.”

He folded his arms across his chest. “Yeah, so what was on your list?”

Leah rattled off the catalog of items she’d always told herself made the ideal mate. “Educated, gainfully employed, well-traveled, cultured.” She looked over at him. “But now I realize those things don’t matter nearly as much to me as I thought. I would rather someone who has a good heart and an actual sense of humor over someone with an MBA.

“And that list? That list is full of things other people convinced me that I needed in a man. It’s not what I’m really looking for.”

“So driving a nice car was never on the list?” Caleb asked.

Leah rolled her eyes. “Why are you so hung up on Derrick’s car?”

“Because for so long that’s all I ever knew about him. I hate that car with a passion. I knew things had gotten out of control when I found myself despising anyone who drove a silver car, no matter the make or model.”

Leah burst out laughing. “That’s harsh.”

“It’s the truth. That car came to represent everything I hated about him.”

“I have reasons to dislike Derrick, but you don’t even know him. Have the two of you ever officially met?”

Caleb shook his head. “Doesn’t matter. I know enough about him to recognize that he doesn’t do some of the basic things I think a boyfriend should do for the woman he loves.”

“Such as?”

“That light bulb at your front door,” he said.

She tilted her head to the side, confused yet again. “What does a light bulb have to do with anything?”

“About a month ago, the light bulb at your front door went out.”

“I know that. I changed it,” she said.

“Yeah, you changed it, after it had been out for more than a week,” Caleb said. “When I first noticed it was out, I figured I’d change it for you. But when I came back outside with the replacement bulb that silver Lexus was pulling into your driveway. So I stayed back. And I waited.” His warm brown eyes were suddenly clouded with hostility. “You want to know what your fiancé’s solution was to the problem? To use the flashlight on his cellphone to find the keyhole on the door. He did the same thing the next three times he came over.”

Leah could practically feel the anger radiating from Caleb.

“Stuff like that never occurred to Derrick,” she said, then immediately wondered what made her jump to her ex-fiancé’s defense. But Leah realized it wasn’t that she was jumping to Derrick’s defense. She was trying to excuse his behavior because it was the only way to rationalize why she’d put up with him for as long as she had.

“That’s the fucking problem,” Caleb said. “It never occurred to him that he should care enough about your safety to make sure you weren’t walking up to a dark door at night. How could he claim to love you when he couldn’t be bothered to do something that basic? That’s Boyfriend 101.”

Caleb trailed his finger down her cheek. “You deserve so much better than that, Leah.”

She leaned into his hand and looked up at him. His face was mere inches from hers. Leah’s gaze trailed from his lips back up to his soulful brown eyes.

“I would be better than that to you,” Caleb whispered.

In this moment, there was nothing that seemed more natural than joining her lips with his. Leah snaked her fingers around his neck and tugged, pulling until she could join her mouth with his.

The poignant tenderness in that first gentle brush of Caleb’s lips awakened something deep inside her, something Leah had not realized had been dormant. His touch was so light, so delicate, so attentive. Desire whisked through her bloodstream, warming her from the inside out, quickly blossoming into a seductive craving that screamed for more of him.

But Caleb seemed content with the slow and gentle pace he’d set. There was no rush, no pressure. Instead, Leah was the one who took the lead, tentatively licking at the seam of his lips, coaxing his mouth to open. An aching groan rumbled from somewhere deep in Caleb’s chest as he relented, parting his lips and driving his tongue into her mouth.

The effect of his ultimate surrender to the moment was devastating. He stroked his tongue with uninhabited abandon, plunging into her mouth over and over again. Sensation ruled Leah’s every thought, compelling her to deepen the kiss, to press against him, to seek out the hard contours of his body. She trailed her fingers along Caleb’s midriff and then up to his chest, savoring the feel of his taut muscles.

The sound of approaching footsteps jerked Leah out of the heady sensual fog she’d entered the moment Caleb’s lips touched hers. She pulled away from him just as the storeowner rounded the corner.

“Do you need any help?” the woman asked with a gentle smile. Her eyes widened as they darted from Leah to Caleb.

Leah’s heart pounded against the walls of her chest. Her breaths came out in embarrassingly shallow pants.

“Is everything okay?” the storeowner asked.

“Uh, yes,” Leah said. She picked up a ceramic dish from the shelf and handed it to the owner. “I’ll take this.”

“Excellent choice. The potter is a local.” She turned the plate over. “He signs the back of each of his pieces. I’ll ring this up for you at the front of the store.”

As soon as they were alone again, Leah turned to Caleb, but she didn’t get a chance to speak. He pressed his mouth to hers again with a swift kiss.

“Later,” was all he said before taking her hand and guiding her to the checkout counter.

Leah’s heart continued to beat like a tambourine as she waited for the storeowner to wrap up her new purchase. She couldn’t even remember what the dish looked like. Her mind’s entire focus remained on that ridiculously erotic kiss she’d just shared with her next-door neighbor.

Goodness!

She couldn’t remember the last time she’d been so affected by a man’s kiss. It was the care she’d felt in Caleb’s every movement, the consideration that came through with every gentle brush of his lips. That kiss had not been about his needs; he was concerned with hers. How could she help but fall for him?

It’s too soon.

Her mind practically screamed the words. Leah knew it would be best to listen to her inner voice, but the more time she spent with Caleb, the harder it was to heed the warning.



Caleb trailed his fingers along Leah’s bare shoulders, gliding them back and forth over her smooth skin.

“I think I should move to the mountains,” she whispered from where her head rested against his chest.

After dinner at Boone’s, a local eatery in the small town of Briarsted, they’d returned to Camp Firefly Falls and took up residence on the cabin’s back porch, facing the mountains. The clear night and the moon’s soft glow illuminated the majestic formations, providing a glorious view for anyone smart enough to stop and appreciate their beauty.

“I’d consider it,” Caleb said. “Although for years I’ve had my heart set on moving to Georgia.”

“To your grandparents?” Leah asked.

His chin brushed the top of her head when he nodded. “They owned about a hundred acres down there. Most of it was uninhabitable, but there was enough to sell to a group of developers who wanted to design a subdivision for city dwellers seeking a little country living. My grandparents held on to enough to give each of us grandkids a nice piece of land. I plan to retire there.”

“That won’t be for a while yet though, right?”

Caleb’s pause was long enough to rouse Leah from her resting position. She twisted in his lap and looked up at him. Despite the dimness, she could see the seriousness in his expression.

“Caleb?”

“You’re right,” he said. “It won’t be for a while. But for the past few months, I’ve been considering moving on.”

Leah couldn’t hide her shock even if she tried. “Why?” she asked.

He tipped is head back and released a deep breath.

“There was an incident on the job about four months ago,” he said. “It was…bad. Bad enough that I’ve been thinking long and hard about the path my career is headed.”

When he didn’t elaborate further, Leah asked, “Do you want to talk about it?”

The barest hint of a smile stole across his handsome face. “Is that nosiness rearing its head again?”

“This isn’t me being nosy. It’s me being concerned. I can understand if you don’t want to get into it right now, but if it’s something you need to talk about just know that I’m here.”

“Believe it or not, it’s what this entire weekend was originally supposed to be about.”

Leah frowned. “I thought this weekend was about a fishing trip with your buddies?”

“That was my cover,” he said.

Her body stilled as her adrenaline spiked. “Wait a minute. Are you undercover this weekend?”

That fetched a genuine laugh from him. “No, that’s not what I meant,” Caleb said.

He shifted on the bench, stretching his legs out and then settling back so that she could resume the spot she’d occupied for the past half hour, resting against his chest. He wrapped his arms around her and continued his fingers’ gentle glide along her bare arm.

“This weekend wasn’t just a regular fishing trip with the guys,” Caleb started. “They didn’t know that, but I’d made the decision that this weekend would be the one where I decided whether or not to continue with the DCJ or move on.”

“Do you no longer like working there?”

“I’ll be honest, it’s a tough job. Having to see the worse in humanity day in and day out starts to take its toll, especially in my division.”

“What division do you work in?”

“Human trafficking.”

Leah’s stomach immediately dropped. She couldn’t imagine the atrocities he’d witnessed on the job. She didn’t want to.

“I’ve seen things that keep me up at night,” Caleb said, as if reading her mind, yet deciding to tell her anyway. “You think doing a couple of tours in Iraq was hard? What I saw in the Middle East is nothing compared to the stuff I’ve seen up and down the Jersey Turnpike.” His chest rose with the huge breath he sucked in. “I’ve encountered some horrible shit on the job, but about four months ago there was an incident that changed everything.”

Seconds ticked by without either of them saying a word. Leah started to prompt him, but stopped. She wouldn’t push. Her heart already ached over whatever it was that had him questioning leaving a job she could tell meant so much to him.

After a solid two minutes passed, Caleb finally began again.

“About a year ago, a low-level drug dealer was arrested over in Union County. My division had been working with the DEA because where there’s trafficking, there’s also drugs. One of the dealers—a piece of shit named Tommy McCain—managed to get his case thrown out on a technicality.” He paused for a moment. “The most damning evidence against him was found in his car, but the search warrant my partner and I had was valid only for his apartment, so all that evidence we found in his car was thrown out.

“About four months ago, several runaways were found in an old beat-up house in Bergen County. Turns out it was McCain who took them. He held them there for over a week, drugged them, and forced them to have sex with as many as twenty men a day. The oldest girl was fifteen. The other two were thirteen.”

Leah gasped. “Oh, my God, Caleb.”

“Can you imagine the nightmare those girls went through? Children.” Disgust imbued his voice. “It keeps me awake at night, Leah. If not for my mistake, McCain wouldn’t have been back out on the streets. Those girls never would have had to go through that.”

“But you can’t say that with certainty,” Leah pointed out. She turned so she could look him in the eye. “You do realize that those girls could have easily gotten caught up with someone else, don’t you?”

“But they didn’t. It was McCain. The guy who was free to roam the streets because I didn’t take the time to read over a damn warrant.”

The pain that slashed across his face tore at Leah’s chest. The grief he’d suffered over this was more than evident. It also made clear just how seriously he took his job. This wasn’t just a paycheck for him. He cared. He cared deeply.

“So, what happened?” She asked. “Was this McCain guy arrested?”

Caleb nodded. “But the damage had already been done. Those three girls will never be the same. Their lives are ruined.”

“Oh, Caleb, you can’t blame yourself for that.”

“Yes, I can. But I know that I can’t change it either.” He blew out another of those exhausted breaths and closed his eyes. He brought his hand up to massage the bridge of his nose. “My partner, Juan, had been anticipating a move out of state, and left soon after all of this went down. I put myself on desk duty following the incident because I wasn’t comfortable being back out on the streets, but my supervisor has been hounding me to get back into the field. I wasn’t sure if I was ready. I wasn’t sure if I would ever be ready.”

When he opened his eyes again and looked down at her, Leah’s heart broke in two. There was such hurt there. So much disappointment.

How could this man—a man strong enough to go to war for his country, to work tirelessly to lock up some of the worst people on the planet—ever be disappointed in himself? He was the kind of person everyone else in the world should strive to be.

Leah sat up so that he could see her. Really see her. She took his hands in hers and rubbed his calloused palms with her fingers.

“Caleb, I won’t even pretend to know what you’re going through. There are horrible people in this world, and all I can do is be grateful that there are people like you who are strong enough to go out and fight them. I’m ashamed at how blissfully ignorant I am of the kind of horrors you have to face every day.”

“Don’t be ashamed,” he said. “That’s one of the reasons I do it, so that the rest of the world doesn’t have to.”

“Exactly. You put your life on the line—you put your own peace of mind on the line—so that the rest of us can have peace. But you should also recognize that you can’t save everyone. Mistakes are made. And, yes, I know the stakes in this particular event were high and the results devastating, but think about how many other cases you have been on throughout the years where you did catch the bad guy before he was able to harm others.” She brought his fingers to her lips and pressed a gentle kiss on the tips. “How many more cases will you have in the future where you will save a child or a young teen from a life so horrible that my brain won’t even allow me to imagine it?”

Leah cradled his strong jaw with her palm. “Because of people like you in this world, the rest of us can sleep more soundly at night. What you do? What your colleagues do every single day? It’s more than most people can even fathom. Don’t walk away from that, Caleb. I’m selfishly asking you not to walk away. The world needs you to continue being a hero.”

Gratitude and regret coalesced in his soulful brown eyes. He pulled in another deep breath and slowly released it.

“I’m not going anywhere,” he finally said. “I knew I wasn’t going anywhere even before I came here. I just needed some time away to get my mind right before I go back out into the field.”

“Is this weekend helping with that?” she asked.

He brought his hand up and captured the back of her head. “So much more than you’ll ever know.”

Caleb pulled her to him, crashing his lips against hers. His tongue quickly entered her mouth, sweeping inside, tangling with hers in an erotically intimate kiss that set off every single one of her nerve endings. Over and over again, his tongue plunged and retreated, lighting Leah’s body on fire.

He captured her hips and moved her so that she straddled his lap, her tender center coming into contact with the thick bulge straining behind his zipper. Leah’s body moved on its own accord, rocking frantically against him, seeking that friction—needing it. She rubbed her breasts against his chest, her sensitive nipples tightening even more with every erotic brush.

Caleb dipped his head and sucked on her nipple through the fabric of her shirt and bra. He gently bit at the tip. The sensation shot straight to that place between her legs that ached for his touch. God, she wanted him to touch her.

She ground her hips against him and bowed her back, reaching for relief.

Caleb seized her lips again, plunging his tongue inside, swirling it around hers. One hand sought her breast, while the other clamped on her ass and squeezed, holding her body still as he pumped his hips up and down.

Leah had never been so close to coming while being fully dressed.

“We can’t do this out here,” Caleb whispered against her lips. He trailed his tongue across her jawline and down her neck. “Let’s go inside.”

Leah’s body screamed yes, but her mind drew to a halt.

Nothing in this world would be easier than following Caleb into their cabin and falling into bed with him. But the ramifications of such a momentous decision would stretch far and wide.

This would not be casual sex. Taking this next step would mean committing to more than just a night full of undoubtedly the most pleasure she’d experienced in ages. She couldn’t just walk away, not after everything they’d shared.

Was she ready to take this leap so soon after breaking off the shackles of her relationship with Derrick?

No. Leah knew she couldn’t dive right back into a relationship, no matter how badly she wanted to turn her body over to Caleb’s very capable hands. She just couldn’t do it. It was too soon.

“Caleb, stop,” Leah said. She pushed at his shoulder. “Please. Stop.”

She could see his pulse beating in his neck. Desire blazed in his potent gaze.

“What’s wrong?” Caleb asked.

“I—” Leah started, but she could not find the words to explain.

“You’re not ready,” he said for her, dejection bruising his voice.

Her shoulders slumped with disappointment. “I’m so sorry,” Leah whispered.

“You don’t have to be sorry.” He placed the gentlest kiss on her forehead before lifting her from his lap. He captured her chin between his fingers and kissed her again, on the lips this time. It was soft and sweet and achingly tender.

“I understand,” Caleb said. “I have to keep reminding myself that you were engaged just a couple of days ago. I’m not going to push you to do anything you’re uncomfortable doing.”

Relief replaced her disappointment. “So you do get it,” Leah said.

“Yeah, I get it.” He brushed his fingers along her cheek. “I’m not going anywhere. Not this weekend, or in the weeks and months to come. When you are ready, I’ll be here.”

He helped her up from the bench and together they went inside, Caleb taking up the spot on the couch while she settled into the bed. But it was a long time before her mind allowed her to drift to sleep.





Chapter Seven





Caleb peered over his shoulder to make sure Leah was out of sight as he picked up the smooth piece of amber-tinted dolomite limestone. He stuffed the mineral rock in his pocket and dusted his hands on the front of his cargo pants. Today’s activity was a scavenger hunt in the woods that surrounded the campground.

They’d arrived at the Boathouse this morning to find Katherine and Geoff decked out in safari gear, complete with wide brim hats and backpacks, and more energy than Caleb could muster even after the two cups of coffee he’d gulped down at breakfast. Couples were tasked with finding items that best described their significant other. There was very little to work with outside of twigs, leaves, rocks, and dirt, but Caleb was determined to impress Leah with his finds.

He quickly discovered that his biggest challenge would be keeping Leah’s prying eyes away from those finds. Although, to be fair, he’d been just as cagey when it came to trying to figure out what items she’d been able to hunt down. They’d both kept each other on their toes, trying to outwit one another.

Caleb spotted her pale pink shirt a few yards away and quietly crept up on her. He leaned forward and whispered, “What you got there?”

Leah yelped and spun around so quickly she nearly lost her footing.

“Watch out,” Caleb said, catching her by the elbow.

She jerked away and quickly tucked her right hand behind her back.

“Dammit!” she said before she burst out laughing. “Are you trying to give me a heart attack?”

“Just getting you back for sneaking up on me a few minutes ago. You didn’t think I’d let you get away with that, did you?”

Her devilish grin summoned ridiculously inappropriate thoughts. Not that he was surprised. Caleb had come to realize that there was nothing he could do to stop those images from jumping to the forefront of his mind. She had a knack for bringing out his inappropriate side.

He snaked his arm around her, reaching behind her back, but she dodged his hold.

“Don’t even try it,” she said. “We’re not supposed to share until we’re back with the others.”

“Why can’t I get just a quick peek?”

“Because that would be cheating,” she said.

“It’s not cheating. Just hedging our bets,” Caleb said. He dipped his head and brushed his lips against her neck. “But I think you misunderstood just what it is I want a peek of,” he said in a deliberately seductive voice.

He felt her shudder as he nuzzled her soft skin, skimming his tongue along the delicate slope. How could she still smell this good after running around in the woods? This woman was going to drive him insane before the weekend was through.

Caleb heard leaves crunching a second before Leah did.

“We’re going to get caught,” she husked out in a breathy voice.

“We’re newly engaged, remember? Whoever catches us will understand.” But Caleb backed away just before the Korean couple from The Bronx broke through a thicket of shrubbery. He remembered the husband, Siek-Jin, but Caleb couldn’t remember the wife’s name to save his life.

“Oh, I’m sorry,” the wife said.

“That’s okay. How are things going, Jeong?” Leah asked.

That was it. Jeong and Siek-Jin. The Paek’s. Leah was a helluva lot better at remembering the names of the couples at this weekend’s retreat than he was.

“You guys having any luck with the scavenger hunt?” Caleb asked.

“Not really, but we’re still having fun. We’re heading back now. Katherine and Geoff wanted us all to meet up again at eleven.”

“Thanks for the reminder,” Leah said. She looked at Caleb. “We should probably head back to base camp as well.”

Caleb gave her a look that told her that she’d gotten off easy this time. They only had one full day left. He was now determined that they get a chance to fool around in the woods.

The rest of the couples were already waiting at the tables that had been set up just outside the archery area. One by one, they described their finds. They were basically all the same: rocks, leaves, and the occasional bug. One husband had unearthed a rusty tin can, but instead of likening the can’s deep reddish brown exterior to his wife’s hair, which is what Caleb would have done, the guy got a slap for comparing it to her psoriasis.

Amateur.

When it was his and Leah’s turn, Caleb gestured for her to go first. She stepped up to the table.

“Let me say that this was much harder than I thought it would be,” Leah started. She placed several leaves, a branch, and her cell phone on the table. “First, I chose leaves to represent Caleb’s perseverance. Even though the leaves go through different stages, turning brown and eventually falling, they always come back strong. The leaves can weather just about anything.” She looked over at him. “Just like Caleb.”

A heavy weight clutched his chest in a vise grip. Caleb couldn’t find the words to describe it. He wouldn’t even try.

“The branch reminds me of his ruggedness and strength.” She bent the spindly branch back and forth. “It may not look like much, but it can endure a lot and still won’t break.”

Finally, she picked up her cell phone. “I don’t know if this really counts, but I had to take a picture of a tree trunk because it, above everything else, is the best example of Caleb. Tree trunks are solid and steady, and carry a lot on their shoulders. I don’t know anyone else in the world who carries more on their shoulders, yet is able to withstand it and continue to thrive.”

The other couples applauded. All Caleb could think to do was connect his lips with hers. He had to swallow past the lump in his throat before he was able to speak. “Thank you,” he said.

“Okay, Caleb, it’s your turn,” Katherine Mumford said. “Good luck topping what your fiancée just did.”

“Impossible,” Caleb said. He took a deep breath and pulled out a bright yellow Canada Lily and the limestone. “The reason for the flower should be obvious,” he started. “I looked for the most beautiful one I could find because, for me, there isn’t anyone more beautiful in the world than my fiancée.” Several of the men groaned, while the women sighed.

“He stole my line,” Joel said, to which Abigail responded by pinching his arm.

“I picked up this piece of limestone for the same reason,” Caleb continued. “It caught my eye when the sun reflected in the little crystal flecks. But there’s more than just beauty to be found in this rock. There’s a toughness here. A strength that can’t be crushed, no matter how hard you try.” His gaze locked with Leah’s. “I thought about how much this rock has endured in the centuries it’s been on this earth, and just look at it. It’s still here. It’s still beautiful.”

Tenderness shimmered in Leah’s eyes as she walked over to him and linked her hands behind his neck. She pulled his head down and crushed her lips to his.

“Katherine and Geoff should use you two in their advertisements,” someone called out.

Leah laughed against Caleb’s lips. “That doesn’t sound like a bad idea,” she said.

They moved off to the side as the two remaining couples described their scavenger hunt finds. Leah stood in front of him, and Caleb wrapped his arms around her waist. To anyone looking, they probably appeared to be the most content couple in the world, but Leah’s hesitancy last night still gave him pause.

He didn’t want to rush her, but Caleb wanted to take that next step so badly he could hardly stand it. This went far beyond just sex. He wanted her to trust him enough to give herself fully over to him. He wanted her to feel safe enough to share every part of herself—mind, body, and everything in between.

He wanted her to love him.

Caleb knew it was ridiculous to expect love to come any time soon. This thing they had going was too new. But that didn’t stop him from craving it all the same.

Once the scavenger hunt had concluded, Caleb and Leah headed for a quick lunch at the Grub Shack. Leah insisted on sharing one of the camp’s pastry chef, Allison Nelson’s, amazing desserts. Even as someone who wasn’t a huge dessert fan, Caleb had to admit that it was worth the drive up to the Berkshires just to sample Allison’s confections.

Leah stuck the spoon loaded with salted caramel mousse into her mouth and slowly pulled it out. Her pleasure-filled moan caused the front of his pants to grow tight. Caleb couldn’t have contained his groan if he’d tried. He didn’t try.

“What was that?” Leah asked.

“Nothing to see here,” Caleb said. “Just me on the verge of dying of lust while you lick that damn spoon.”

“Oops. Sorry,” she said. But the sexy, mischievous grin she sported belied her words. “You have to admit this dessert is amazing.”

“Not as amazing as watching you enjoy it.”

She rested her elbow on the table and held her chin in her upturned palm. “You do realize you’re too sweet for words, don’t you?”

“I try,” Caleb said.

“You succeed.” But then her expression sobered, and in a soft voice, she said, “It scares me.”

Caleb’s head reared back. “Why?”

Leah shook her head. “Forget I said that.” She attempted to stand, but Caleb caught her arm. “Don’t walk away. Talk to me, Leah.”

Just then, Denise Rollins, along with her husband—whose name escaped him—walked up to their table. The two had participated in this morning’s scavenger hunt.

“I just have to say that you two are so inspiring,” Denise said. “Phillip and I were just talking about how much we see of our old selves in you. It’s only been six years since we’ve been married, but we’d already started to lose some of that magic. Seeing the way you two get along has been a great reminder.”

“Thank you,” Leah said, her smile strained.

The moment Denise walked away, Leah said, “You know what? I don’t think I want to participate in this afternoon’s activity. Let’s do something else.”

Caleb knew exactly what she was doing with her swift subject change. Allowing her to get away with it went against his investigative nature, but pressing her to explain what she meant by those three words might send her running.

It scares me.

What about him scared her? It didn’t make any sense.

Caleb decided to let it pass. Despite the fun they’d had these past couple of days, he was still on tenuous grounds when it came to Leah’s heart. He didn’t want to do anything that would encourage her to guard it from him.

He followed her out of the Grub Shack to the walking trail that led to the woods where this morning’s activity had taken place.

“Where are we going?” Caleb asked.

“To look for the falls,” she answered.

The waterfalls. He’d forgotten all about those. Leah had mentioned finding the falls that the camp was named for as one of her must-dos for the weekend.

“Do you have any idea where you’re going?” he asked.

“A vague one,” Leah said. “It isn’t on any official map, but I looked it up online and wrote down the markers that other guests have said to look for.” She pointed straight ahead. “And there’s the huge tree that split up and got back together again.”

Just ahead was a thick hemlock with a trunk that seemed to split into two about ten feet up, then entwined again toward the top. It wasn’t until they got closer to it that Caleb realized it was two trees growing very closely to one another.

“It’s as if the two trees have gone through Katherine and Geoff’s program,” he said.

“It’s the perfect metaphor. Starting out together, growing apart, and then finding their way back to each other.” She looked over at him and smiled. “Come on, the falls shouldn’t be much further.”

As they soldiered on through the forest, Caleb could hear the sound of rushing water getting closer and closer. Leah walked several feet ahead of him. A few minutes later, she stopped and gasped. Caleb rounded the copse of trees and a trio of waterfalls came into view.

Leah clasped her hands to her chest. “I can’t believe we found it.”

The waterfalls were nice, but nothing to write home about. Having visited Niagara Falls several times, this seemed like a trickling faucet in comparison. But it was worth the journey just to see the delight on Leah’s face.

Caleb came to stand alongside her, took her by the hand, and gingerly started down the rocky path toward the water’s edge.

“So what’s so special about these falls?” he asked. “Is there some kind of legend?”

“Based on what I found online, there are several legends. It seems as if no one can decide on which one fits the best.”

He stopped at a large outcropping of rocks and sat on one that looked steady enough to hold them. He captured Leah by the waist and guided her down to sit on his lap.

“Give me some of the legends. We’ll pick the best one.”

“Well, most are tied to the Ojibwe tribe,” she started. “But they vary. One legend says that the Memegwesi—those are ancient water spirits—live in the cave just behind the waterfalls, offering help to humans in need. Other legends claim that the falls have special healing powers.”

“Nah. I’m not feeling either of those,” Caleb said. He lifted a strand of hair that had fallen out of her ponytail holder and tucked it behind her ear. “I think we should come up with our own legend.”

She looked at him over her shoulder. “Oh, yeah? What were you thinking?”

“I think,” he said, his thumb caressing her cheek, “that the special powers are the kind that make two people realize they are perfect for each other.”

“Hmm…is that so? So what you’re saying is that if we swim underneath these falls, we’ll discover that we’re a perfect match?”

He tilted his had toward the water. “Why don’t we find out?”

“Just one problem. We don’t have any suits,” Leah said.

Caleb cocked a brow. “That’s supposed to stop us?”



Leah climbed onto the slippery rock, stretching her arms out to find balance before diving back into the cold water. She swam toward Caleb, who waded in the center of the natural pool at the base of the waterfall.

“This water is freezing,” Leah said.

“Because you keep climbing out of it,” Caleb pointed out.

“But diving is half the fun. You should try it.”

“You don’t want me to get out of this water.”

“Why not?”

He glanced down. “Because something is…umm…making itself obnoxiously known. Staying in the cold water is the only way for me to control it.”

Leah bit her bottom lip to stop herself from smiling, but one still managed to sneak past her. “I could promise not to look, but I’d be lying.”

“You’re free to look as much as you want. I sure as hell have been.” His eyes dipped to the water’s surface, where her bra’s plunging neckline left much of her skin exposed.

They’d stripped down to their underwear before diving into the water. Leah had tried not to stare at Caleb in his black boxer briefs, but it would have been easier to run to the Jersey state line and back without stopping than to pretend she had not noticed that perfect body.

“It seems pretty unfair that only one of us is getting an eyeful while the other,” she pointed to herself, “has to use her imagination.”

A sexy smile lifted the corners of Caleb’s mouth. Without another word, he swam to the ledge and hauled himself out of the water. Leah’s mouth went dry at the sight of his back and shoulder muscles bunching with his movement. As the rest of his body emerged, her pulse began to quicken. The man was wonderfully made. The way the black fabric hugged his taut ass and the backs of his thighs made her blood heat, but when he turned to face her, Leah was sure she would spontaneously combust.

His erection strained against the snug wet cotton. Desire instantly pooled between her legs as the need to explore every inch of his body put her powers of restraint to the test.

“You done looking?” Caleb asked.

She shook her head. “Not yet.”

He chuckled as he dove off the rock, slicing cleanly into the water. He swam over to her, his face emerging with tiny droplets that made him all the more lickable. She wanted to lick every single part of him.

She could no longer deny it. This attraction had reached the point of no return. It might not happen this weekend, but there was no doubt in her mind what this was leading to. Caleb and her. In bed.

Then again, who needed a bed?

Leah wrapped her arms around his neck and tugged on the back of his head, claiming his lips in a kiss that went from sweet and tender to incredibly erotic in a matter of seconds. Caleb’s tongue pushed past her lips, plunging inside her mouth, stroking with an urgency that had her clinging to him.

Leah’s body responded to his fevered kiss in a way she hadn’t experienced in years. Her breasts grew heavy with need. The place between her legs throbbed, desperate for relief. But not just any relief. She wanted Caleb.

She brought her legs up and started to wrap them around his waist, but instead of helping her, Caleb pushed her legs away.

“Wait,” he murmured against her lips. Then he pulled his head back and said it again. “Wait. We can’t do this yet.”

She couldn’t have been more shocked if he’d doused her with a bucket of ice water.

“What’s wrong?” Leah asked, searching his face.

He dropped his forehead to hers.

“Fuck,” he whispered in a voice so soft she could barely hear it over the low roar of the waterfalls. “This is, by far, the dumbest thing I’ve ever done in my life. But if I don’t ask, it’ll just continue to needle me and I won’t enjoy what we’re about to do. And I’ll be damned if I let anything get in the way of enjoying this.” He expelled a heavy breath. “Leah, what did you mean by what you said back at lunch?”

She frowned. “What did I say?”

“You said I was too sweet for words, and that it scared you.” His deep brown eyes searched her face. “I don’t get that. What about me being a good guy scares you?”

Leah closed her eyes and grimaced. She knew those words would come back to haunt her. But she couldn’t shy away from them. At the very least, she owed him an explanation. She owed him the truth.

“Because it makes it so easy to fall for you,” she said. She opened her eyes and met his perplexed stare. “And I’m afraid of falling, Caleb.”

You already have!

Leah mentally batted away that voice as she disengaged from his hold and swam to the pool’s rocky ledge. She lifted herself up and sat on a piece of flat limestone, leaving her feet to dangle in the water. Caleb followed, but instead of getting out of the water, he folded his arms on a piece of rock that jutted out just over the water and looked up at her.

“Am I supposed to be satisfied with your answer?” he asked

“No,” Leah said. She folded her hands in her lap. “I’m going to share something that I rarely talk about.”

“Is this something I’m going to regret hearing?” Caleb asked, unease evident in his voice.

“It’s not anything horrific,” she said. She nervously ran her hands through her wet hair. “I was a late bloomer.”

Caleb’s forehead creased. “That’s it?”

“Here me out,” she said. “I didn’t have a serious boyfriend until my senior year of high school, and when I say ‘serious’ I mean a guy that took me out on an actual date. I didn’t lose my virginity until my third year of college. I had friends who slept around, and that was perfectly fine for them, but I made a personal choice not to do it. When I sleep with someone, there’s a lot attached to it. And when I really fall for someone, I fall hard.”

“That still doesn’t explain why falling for a guy like me—a nice guy—would scare you.”

“Don’t you get it? It’s not you, it’s me.” Leah slapped her forehead. “I can’t believe I just said that.” She looked down at Caleb. “You have my permission to hate me right now.”

“Hating you has never been an option,” he said. “I’m just trying to understand.”

“My track record sucks, okay? It’s me because I absolutely suck at this.” Her shoulders slumped with her admission. “Derrick wasn’t the first fiancé to break up with me. I was engaged before. About five years ago. That one cheated on me.”

Caleb let out a low curse. “Damn, Leah, I’m sorry.”

“I’m not,” she said. “If I’d married Joshua it would have been a disaster. I’m beginning to feel the same way about Derrick. It felt as if I was blindsided when he came over Thursday night and told me he wanted to break things off, but honestly, I wasn’t blindsided at all. I recognized that we weren’t right for each other a long time ago, but it just felt as if I was in too deep to do anything about it. Like, if I ended the relationship, it would be admitting that I’d failed yet again at finding love.”

She searched his face, imploring him to understand. “That’s why it scares me to even think about jumping headfirst into something new. No matter how right this feels, I just can’t trust my own instincts right now.

Several moments ticked by before Caleb finally spoke. “Are you planning to write all men off forever?” he asked.

“Of course not,” she said.

“Then there’s nothing else to talk about. I’m willing to wait until you’re ready.”

Leah just stared at him for a moment, too floored to speak.

God, how could he be this sweet?

Quietly, she asked, “What if I’m not ready for a long time?”

“I’ve got a long time.”

That made her grin. “I haven’t specified what a long time is yet.”

“I don’t care. I’m willing to wait until you’re ready, however long that may be.” He took her hand and pressed a kiss to the center of her palm. “I waited for you while you were engaged to another man. What makes you think I’ll stop waiting now that I know it’s a real possibility that you can be mine?”

Yes, he really was this sweet.

“It won’t be too long,” she said. “I don’t think I can wait much longer.”

Caleb’s lips spread into a smile. “Good. Because even though I can wait, I’d rather not.”

Leah slipped off the rock and back into the water. She swam up to him, wrapping her arms around his neck.

“You do realize this is new territory for me, don’t you? I’m not used to being with someone as patient as you are.”

“Let me guess, Mr. Lexus wasn’t one to show patience.”

“Not with anything,” Leah said. She cocked her brow. “And I do mean anything.”

Caleb’s brow lifted as well. “As in anything anything?”

She nodded.

He snorted a derisive grunt. “Why am I not surprised by that? What an asshole. I know you said you were with Derrick because he’s the kind of guy your family and friends expected you to be with, but if I were you, I’d stop listening to family and friends. They don’t know what the hell they’re talking about.”

She grinned at his assessment. “That happens to be the most significant thing I’ve discovered this weekend,” Leah said. “I no longer care what anyone else thinks is best for me. The only thing that matters is what I think is best for me.”

“You should care about what I think is best for you,” Caleb said. He nuzzled the spot behind her ear. “You want to know what I think is best for you? Making sure you get off during sex.”

Leah felt her entire body blush. “I agree,” she said.

He lifted his head and his gaze drifted to her breasts again. “You do realize we don’t have to have sex for you to get off, don’t you?”

She pulled her bottom lip between her teeth. “Um, yeah. I’ve gotten off enough times on my own to know that.”

“It’s even better when you have a partner. Want me to show you?”

Her stomach muscles pulled tight. She couldn’t speak if she tried, so instead, she nodded.

The deliciously wicked smile that climbed up the sides of Caleb’s mouth sent a shiver of wanting down her spine. He wrapped his arms around her and turned them around so that Leah’s back pressed against the smooth rock.

She leaned forward and crushed her lips to his. Everything in the world turned quiet. All her concentration, every bit of it, centered on Caleb’s strong arms, his soft lips, his amazingly generous heart. For just this moment, she threw out the notion of not falling for him and allowed herself to feel all the emotions she’d tried to shut out since the minute she’d asked him to join her here.

His mouth opened over hers and Leah pulled his tongue inside. Her entire body responded to the taste of his delicious kiss. Sensations bombarded her as Caleb began to skillfully light her world on fire.

Fitting his hands on her backside, he pulled her to him until his rigid erection pressed firmly against her stomach, imprinting itself on her skin. Leah let the water lift her up until her center rubbed over the hard cock that continued to strain against his wet boxer briefs. She undulated against him, using the sway of the water to set the cadence. Her body hummed with pleasure as his thick length hit her exactly where she needed it.

Caleb gasped. His head tilted back as he began to grind against her, rocking back and forth, his thrusts growing more forceful with each lunge.

Leah felt the initial signs of orgasm start to build low in her belly. The sensation from the friction of her satin panties rubbing against her clit, Caleb’s broad chest abrading her sensitive nipples, the desire that was thick enough to smother them both. It all sent her spiraling toward a delicious, pleasure-filled crescendo.

When Caleb slipped his hand between them and moved her panties to the side, she lost all ability to think. To breathe. To do anything but focus on the feel of his fingers gliding over her aching flesh.

Her breasts, already heavy with desire, grew even heavier. Her nipples tightened to the point of pain as Caleb dipped his head and drew the left one inside his warm mouth. His fingers and mouth worked in tandem, with him sucking at her breast in rhythm to his thumb rubbing against her clit. When two thick fingers slipped inside her, Leah’s back bowed. She rode his fingers. Hard.

Sensation quickly built inside her until she could no longer take it. Leah screamed as she climaxed, her body shivering with her release.

Her breaths came out in rapid pants as she slowly began her decent back from the sensual haven she’d found herself in. Caleb closed his arms around her, holding her to his chest. She could still feel his hard erection pressed against her.

Leah reached for it, but he moved her hand away.

“No,” he said.

She frowned. “Why not?”

“Because this wasn’t about me,” Caleb said. “This was for you.”

She didn’t know how to respond to that. Never had she been with someone so selfless, so concerned about her needs, that he’d sacrifice seeing his own met.

Caleb kissed the top of her forehead. “I meant what I said. You’re worth waiting for. I won’t rush you into doing anything you’re not ready to do.”

But I am ready.

Leah had no doubt in her mind. At this point she was more than ready to give her body over to Caleb. She was dangerously close to handing over her heart.





Chapter Eight





Caleb had witnessed death on the battlefield. He’d looked true evil in the eye during more than one undercover operation. But he had never known what real torture was until today, when he’d forced himself to stop after giving Leah that first climax. Putting a stop to their erotic underwater play wasn’t the hardest thing he’d ever done in his life, but it sure as hell felt like it.

Right now, as he watched her pull her shorts up over her wet underwear, he had to fight the urge to rip those clothes from her and indulge in every fantasy he’d had over the past year. Feeling the way her body had closed around his fingers, so snug and warm, made the erection he’d barely been able to control start to grow yet again.

This was torture. Total, complete, unmitigated torture.

But he would do it all again in a heartbeat, just to see that glazed over look in Leah’s eyes. It was the look of ultimate pleasure. Pleasure he’d provided. Caleb knew if he gave her the time she needed, he would eventually experience all the pleasure for himself.

The temperature had dropped a couple of degrees, and a slight wind whistled through the trees surrounding them. Caleb glanced up just before pulling his T-shirt over his head.

“The sky isn’t looking all that happy,” he said.

“Not at all,” Leah agreed. “It’s time for us to head back.”

She took him by the hand, and together, they started back the way they’d come. Thick raindrops began to fall as they navigated the trodden path through the forest. By the time they reached the campgrounds, the rain had turned into a steady downpour.

Caleb and Leah jogged to their cabin, laughing as they finally ran up the steps.

“We could have swum in our clothes for this,” Leah said as she shook water from her arms.

“Nah. I much prefer our other swimming attire,” Caleb said. He laughed at the rosy tint that instantly colored her brown cheeks. “God, I love making you blush,” he said. “Come on, if we shower and get dressed we can make dinner. I hear Chef Meg is making one of her signature dishes.” He leaned forward and brushed his lips against hers. “Besides, I think we used up enough energy to earn another dessert, don’t you?”

That got Caleb the result he’d been aiming for. That stain on her cheeks grew even darker.

An hour later, he and Leah were seated at a dining table in Birch House with Abigail and Joel. Caleb wasn’t the most observant person in the world when it came to these things, but even he could see there was something going on with their table mates. The two seemed unable to stop smiling at each other.

Apparently, Leah noticed it too.

“Okay, one of you will have to spill it,” Leah said. “You two look entirely too happy right now.”

“We are,” Abigail said. She looked over at her husband, exchanging the kind of sly, secret smile Caleb had seen his friends share with their girlfriends. Reaching over and taking Joel’s hand, Abigail’s face beamed as she blurted out, “We’re pregnant!”

Leah clapped her hands together and brought them to her chest. “Congratulations,” she said. “That’s wonderful.”

Caleb glanced over at her. Her smile was genuine, but he was sure he heard a note of something else in her voice. Longing? Regret?

As he continued to watch Leah throughout dinner, there was no doubt that there was a wistfulness in her words that hadn’t been there before.

After they were done, he and Leah returned to the cabin. She was first to take her shower. He went in after her, taking longer than usual. He needed the extra time to mull over all the thoughts going through his head.

There was still so much up in the air. He no longer questioned whether Leah was over her ex-fiancé. She was through with Derrick. But was she ready to move forward with him? She’d allowed things to go further than Caleb had expected earlier at the waterfall, but that didn’t mean she was ready to take that next step.

But she would be ready eventually. He felt it in his bones.

This might be their last night at Camp Firefly Falls, but Caleb was determined that it wouldn’t be their last night together.

Yet, a part of him was still unsure of what awaited them when they returned to their everyday lives. Leah said one of the things that scared her was how easily she could see herself falling for him, but after being hurt in the past, she was afraid to fall in love again. Convincing her that it was okay to take that leap would be Caleb’s main goal once they returned home.

He exited the bathroom and found Leah sitting up in bed with her head leaning against the rustic headboard. The covers were folded at her waist, leaving her upper half bared to him. Her slinky camisole with its thin, spaghetti straps revealed so much of her enticing skin. Her eyes were closed but Caleb knew she wasn’t sleeping.

“You okay?” Caleb asked.

“Umm-hmm,” she murmured, her eyes still closed.

He debated whether or not to bring this up, but it had nagged him since dinner. He walked over to the couch, sat down, and clasped his hands between his spread out legs.

“Be straight with me, Leah. Are you really okay?” Caleb asked.

Her eyes popped opened. “Yes,” she said. “What makes you think I’m not?”

“You just seemed a bit, I don’t know, off at dinner.” He glanced over at her. “I couldn’t help but notice that it happened after Abigail shared their news.”

She studied his face for several moments.

“It’s one of my issues.”

“You want kids,” Caleb stated.

She nodded. “Always have.” A smile drew across her face. “That’s why I never complained all that much when my mom showered me with baby dolls for Christmas and on birthdays. I was a tomboy at heart, but I loved my dolls too.”

That wistfulness colored her voice again. Hearing it caused an ache to settle in Caleb’s chest. “There’s still plenty of time for you to have kids, Leah.”

“Oh, I know,” she said. “Don’t mistake this for jealousy or anything like that. I’m happy for Abigail and Joel. I became upset when I realized that I’d already put the notion of having kids out of my head. I actually told Derrick months ago that I didn’t want kids. I lied to him because I didn’t want to have any with him. Can you believe that? I was willing to give up the dream of starting a family because, on some level, I subconsciously knew better than to subject a child to Derrick’s selfishness.”

Caleb splayed his fingers over his thighs and rubbed up and down. “What about now?” he asked. “Are kids back on the table for you?”

She nodded. “I hope so.”

“Good,” he said, his mouth lifting in a small smile. “I like kids.”

He picked up his blanket and spread it on the couch.

“Caleb?”

He looked over at Leah, and was caught off guard by the seriousness in her gaze.

“I don’t want you sleeping on the couch tonight,” she said.

Caleb’s breath lodged in his chest. He cleared his throat. “Are you sure about this?”

She nodded. “I’ve never been surer about anything else in my life.” She held a hand out. “Please, Caleb. Come to bed with me.”

That was all the invitation he needed. Caleb quickly made his way to her side of the room, stopping to grab the condoms from his duffle bag before joining Leah on the bed. He slid in beside her and cradled her head with his arm as he covered her mouth with his.

Caleb palmed her stomach, luxuriating in the feel of the satiny fabric against his hand. He slipped his fingers underneath her camisole and glided them along her smooth skin. She was so warm and soft and everything he knew she would be.

Not wanting to rush this moment he’d fantasized about for so damn long, Caleb ordered himself to slow down. He slowly inched Leah’s top up her torso until he’d uncovered her breasts.

For a moment he simply stared at the perfection of her body. Her hard, dark nipples. Her smooth, unblemished skin. That spot on her neck that he could nibble on for the rest of his life.

Unable to stand another second of not touching her, Caleb cupped her right breast in his palm and bent his head, sucking her tight nipple into his mouth. His cock instantly hardened at the sound of Leah’s throaty moan. He swirled his tongue around the peak, laving it with tender strokes. He flicked the tip of his tongue in rapid succession on the very top of her nipple, wrenching a scream from her.

“You may want to get comfortable,” Caleb whispered against her breast. “I’m just getting started.”

He turned them around, kissing her tattoo before positioning Leah flat on her back. Then he climbed on all fours, kneeling on either side of her hips and bracing his hands next to her shoulders. She still wore her pajamas, but Caleb had no interest in removing any more of her clothing at the moment. He was content to work with what he had right in front of him.

He diligently focused on her breasts, nipping and sucking and licking, applying pressure and then taking it away, feasting until her skin bore the signs of his feverish attention. Leah’s desperate mewls only urged him to go further, to do whatever he could to bring her the most pleasure.

Caleb began to make his way down her body, spanning her waist with his palms as he peppered her torso with light kisses. He inched down the bed, nuzzling her skin as he descended. When he arrived at the waistband of her silky pajama bottoms, he hooked his thumbs at the sides, capturing her panties as well. He pulled them down her legs, then smooth his hands over her thighs, parting them and settling his head between her legs.

The first taste of her was heaven on earth.

Caleb took his time, trailing his tongue along her sensitive skin, wrapping it around her clit, and then sucking the thick nub into his mouth. Leah’s hands clamped around his head, holding him in place.

As if I plan to leave anytime soon.

His fingers joined in the action. He stuck them in his mouth, coating them before slipping them inside her. As his fingers plunged in and out, Caleb continued the assault with his tongue, licking his way around every tender inch of her flesh. He picked up the pace, quickening his thrusts, feeling her body contract around his fingers, until her hips lifted off the bed with her piercing scream.

Leah collapsed onto the mattress in a boneless heap, but Caleb wasn’t about to let her get any rest. Now that he finally had her here, he planned to spend the rest of the night showing her what they could do every night for the rest of their lives.



Leah tried to control her breathing, but she was having a hard time getting air to enter her lungs. She’d never felt so treasured, so adored, so desired in her entire life. Never, not once, had a man ever spent so much effort focusing on her pleasure.

She slipped from underneath Caleb and twisted their bodies around, pinning him to the mattress. When she pressed her lips to the center of his chest, she felt his body shudder.

“I gather you like that,” she said.

“Yes,” he groaned.

Leah kissed her way around his torso, tracing her tongue down the trail of dark, curly hair, until she reached the waistband of his pajama bottoms. When she tugged them down his hips, his erection sprang free.

She sucked in a swift, excited breath.

“I gather you like that,” Caleb said.

She peered up at him, a smile tilting up the corner of her lip. “Very much so,” Leah said.

She wrapped her hand around his stiff shaft, eliciting a low moan that seemed to come from deep within Caleb’s chest. He reached down and slid his hand in her hair as her mouth descended on him. Leah closed her eyes and relished his musky taste and velvety texture, loving the way he filled her mouth. She licked up the underside of his rock-hard flesh, then closed her lips over the tip, sucking hard, swirling her tongue around the head.

Her desire to please him grew with every desperate gasp of breath she heard pulling from Caleb’s chest. Whenever she’d done this in the past, the act had never been about her, but with Caleb she derived just as much satisfaction from witnessing how much pleasure she could bring him.

“Stop,” Caleb pleaded, the single word hoarse with desire. He tugged slightly on her hair. “Leah…stop. I don’t want to finish like this,” he said. “I need to…to be inside you.”

She couldn’t argue with that. With one final sweep of her tongue, Leah released him and clawed her way up his body.

Caleb captured her lips in an eager kiss, hungrily pushing his tongue inside as he twisted around on the bed again and covered her body with his. His mouth never left hers as he reached over for something on the bedside table.

Moments later, Leah heard the crinkling of foil. Caleb pulled away just long enough to open the condom packet and roll the latex over his erection, then he returned to her lips, plundering her mouth with his erotic kisses, teasing her breasts with his knowledgeable hands, making her body crave him to the point that Leah thought she would explode if he wasn’t inside her in the next five seconds.

She didn’t have to wait that long. Wedging her thighs open with his hips, Caleb fisted his thick length and guided it home.

Mindless pleasure crashed through her as he began to move with deliberate slowness. The exquisite torture of his sure, steady strokes sent a flood of emotions coursing through Leah’s bloodstream.

This is what it felt like to be loved. To be worshipped by someone intent on making her feel pleasure, instead of only being concerned with their own. Every caress of his hands, every warm press of his lips, every powerful thrust of his rigid hardness sent her careening into another realm of pleasure she had never experienced before.

Caleb settled his hands on her knees and pushed her legs up, angling her body in a way that allowed him to plunge even deeper. She luxuriated in the delicious feel of his hardness filling every inch of her, the weight of his body pressed against hers. It touched every part of her, deep within her soul. How had she survived for so long without feeling this way? Without the mind-numbing satisfaction of having all of Caleb Scott’s attention focused solely on bringing her to the edge and over.

He increased his pace, his hips rocking back and forth with frantic, insistent thrusts, until a feeling so strong, so amazing that she couldn’t begin to define it, spiraled through her. Her body tensed seconds before the wave of sensation crashed over her.

Leah found heaven in the moments following what had to be the most incredible orgasm in the history of the world. Her entire body hummed with uncontrollable pleasure. Intoxicating. Heart-stopping. Unlike anything she’d ever experienced before.

An abundance of sensations wove their way around her, leaving her replete with satisfaction.

Several minutes passed before Leah could speak, and even then, her voice was still breathy with sated desire. “This is going to sound pathetic coming from a thirty-three-year-old woman,” she said. “But that was, by far, the best sex I’ve ever had in my life.”

“Pathetic?” Caleb’s head popped up. “You just told me that I gave you the best sex of your life. How could I ever think that’s pathetic?” He pushed up on one elbow and stared down at her. “By the way, I’m taking that to mean that I was just that good, not that the others were that bad. Although I’m sure they were.”

“Believe me, you were just that good. You were amazing.”

Caleb swooped down to her neck and gently nipped at her skin. “Ditto.”

Leah stretched her neck to give him better access. “I thought I had some say over this, but now I realize I don’t. I can’t help falling for you.”

Caleb’s lips stilled. He looked up at her. “I meant what I said, Leah. Don’t feel you have to rush into anything.”

“I don’t feel rushed,” she said. “I feel as if it’s taken me longer than it should have to recognize that there’s something special going on here.”

He levered up on his forearm. His gaze held a solemnness that seemed out of place after what they’d just experienced together. When he spoke, his voice came out with a noticeable rasp. “What if that feeling is no longer there once we leave?”

Leah frowned. “What do you mean?”

He slipped his fingers into her hair, and softly caressed her scalp. “This is a unique situation, being here in this cabin, playing all of Katherine and Geoff’s games, pretending we were really engaged.”

“You said you weren’t pretending.”

“But you were,” he said. “Are you sure you’re going to feel this same way once we get back home? Are you sure you won’t feel pressured from all those outside forces that made you think Derrick was the right guy for you?” He brushed his thumb over her cheek. “What do you think your family will say about you being with a guy who works crazy hours at a dangerous job, doesn’t make the best salary in the world, and drives a seven-year-old pickup truck?”

“I don’t care what anyone else thinks anymore, Caleb. I’ve spent the past thirty-three years making choices based on what others think. I’m ready to start doing what I think is best for me.” She captured his hand and brought it to her chest. “And there’s something in here that’s telling me that you’re what’s best for me.”

He looked at her with such love in his eyes. “Listen to that something,” Caleb said.

“I plan to.”

“I’m holding you to that,” Caleb whispered just before he leaned over and captured her mouth with his.



Caleb wrapped his arms more securely around Leah’s middle as she snuggled against his chest. They sat on one of a dozen blankets that had been spread out on the ground surrounding the fire pit. This morning’s coffee and doughnuts with Katherine, Geoff and the rest of the couples that had participated in Relationship Excavation 101 was the final session of this weekend’s retreat.

After sitting through a shameless, but understandable plug for an upcoming retreat in the Poconos, couples were invited to share their most surprising insights from their time here at Camp Firefly Falls. Abigail and Joel announced their big news to the rest of the campers, garnering congratulatory hugs and applause. Another couple, Felicia and Dustin, who Caleb remembered from the puzzle activity Saturday morning, shared that they had been on the verge of separating before this weekend, but were now going to seek counseling to save their marriage.

When it came around to their turn, Caleb found himself more nervous than he thought he would be.

“Caleb, why don’t you start,” Geoff Mumford invited.

He released a deep breath. “I guess the most surprising thing about this weekend was learning just how much Leah and I have in common,” he said. He gently caressed her bare arm. “We’re even better suited for each other than I first thought.”

“That goes without saying,” Katherine remarked. “In all our years of doing this, I’ve never seen such an ideal couple. The two of you were made for each other. What about you, Leah? What have you learned here at Camp Firefly Falls?”

Caleb felt her relax against his chest. Apparently, she wasn’t feeling nervous at all.

“I can honestly say that this has been one of the most enlightening times of my adult life,” Leah began. “It would take the rest of the day to recount all that I’ve learned. But the most surprising insight, by far, was discovering that I actually can trust my instincts.” She looked up over her shoulder and smiled.

“You see, from the moment I first met Caleb, there was this little voice that told me there was something special about him. I ignored that voice for a long time, but after this weekend I have no doubt in my mind that I’ve chosen the only man for me.” She pressed a kiss to his lips. “He’s my Mr. Right.”

Several awwws floated around the room from the other participants, but Caleb hardly registered them. All of his focus centered on the woman in his arms.

He wasn’t naive enough to think that one weekend together would spell magic for the rest of their lives, but he was willing to put in the work to make Leah his. Truly his. He wanted this woman forever.

Katherine announced that there would be one final goodbye toast in the private dining room in Birch House, but the kitchen had just informed her that it would be another hour or so before everything was ready.

“We should probably start packing up our things,” Leah suggested. “We’ll have to head back home as soon as the Mumfords wrap up everything.”

Caleb knew she was right, but a tremor of unease still rumbled within his chest at the thought of leaving. Despite Leah’s claim as she lay in his arms last night, a small part of him still feared that once they left the magic of these campgrounds, reality would set in and things would go back to the way they were before they came here.

Back in their cabin, they began to pack up their belongings. Caleb folded his pajama pants and stuffed them in his bag. He picked up a T-shirt, but then tossed it on the couch and stalked over to the bed where Leah stood packing her carry-on bag.

“Was that just for show back there?” Caleb asked her. “That stuff about you knowing there was something special about me from the first moment you met me?”

Her eyes brightened with her gentle smile. “No, it wasn’t for show,” she said. “That was the truth.”

She set her toiletry bag on the mattress and turned more fully toward him. Taking both his hands in hers, she brought them to her lips and pressed a quick kiss on the crest of his fingers.

“It started out as pure animal attraction,” she said. “From the moment you walked up to me in your garden, dressed in those torn jeans and that faded Bob Marley T-shirt, I was completely enthralled.”

“You remember what I was wearing that day?” Caleb asked, so damn pleased by that revelation that he couldn’t help but smile.

“I remember everything about that day. Especially how confused I was. I never mentioned this before, but I’d only started dating Derrick about a week before you moved in next door.”

Caleb released a groan. “You mean I missed out on you by a week?”

Leah bit her bottom lip and nodded. “I ignored that little spark of attraction I felt when we first met and concentrated instead on the guy everyone thought was the perfect catch. I’ve learned my lesson.”

Caleb pulled her to him. “That’s good to hear,” he said before claiming her lips in a long, slow kiss. He mentally calculated how much time they had available before they had to meet up with the rest of the group. If they worked fast enough, they could easily put this bed to use one more time before they left.

But Leah put the kibosh on that idea moments later when she ended the kiss. Caleb reminded himself that she lived right next door. He had all the time in the world with her. He was determined to make it so.

As they headed for the parking lot with their luggage, they ran into Abigail and Joel, who’d asked earlier this morning for some pointers on places to stay in New York. The couple wanted to extend their trip by spending a couple of days in the city before heading back to D.C.

While Leah offered them ideas for lodging and restaurants, Caleb continued on to the lot just off the main registration building where they’d parked the car.

He stopped cold when he came upon Leah’s car.

Parked right next to it was a silver Lexus with Awe$um on the license plate.

Son of a bitch!

His heart immediately started to pound. He did his best to mentally curb the unease that had the hairs rising up on his skin, but this was too close to the scenarios that had swirled in his head for Caleb to ignore. He quickly popped the trunk on Leah’s Mustang and stuffed their bags inside. As he headed back for the campgrounds, the door of the registration building opened and Derrick walked out.

Leah’s ex-fiancé ambled down the steps, his movements coming to a halt when he noticed Caleb. His forehead crinkled with his frown.

“Don’t I know you?” he asked, pointing to Caleb.

“Not really,” Caleb answered.

“Derrick?”

They both turned to find Leah standing a few yards away.

“What are you doing here?” she asked as she rounded a landscaped shrub and came to stand in front of her ex-fiancé.

“Why do you think I’m here, Leah? I want to clear up what happened last Thursday night.”

“You mean when you told me you didn’t want to marry me?” she asked.

The patronizing look Derrick gave her made Caleb want to punch him in the face. But this was between Leah and her ex. He wouldn’t step in unless she asked him to.

“Don’t be difficult. I’m trying to apologize. You know that isn’t easy for me.”

“And I’m supposed to make it easier?”

“Look, I realize that I shouldn’t have broken off the engagement. I talked to your mother and she agreed that we should all just forget what happened last Thursday night.”

It was the mention of her mother that sent a jab of panic straight to Caleb’s chest. He’d feared something like this would happen. That all the forces that told Leah what kind of guy she should be with would come barreling back into her life. He thought he wouldn’t have to worry about it until they returned home, but apparently he wouldn’t even get that long a reprieve.

Derrick held his hand out to her. “Let’s go somewhere and talk about this,” he said.

Leah crossed her arms over her chest and answered with a simple, “No.”

“Leah, stop being unreasonable.”

He reached for her, but she moved away and walked over to where Caleb stood.

“I doubt this will come as a surprise, but I never loved you, Derrick. You didn’t love me either. A marriage between us would have been a disaster. All I have left to say to you is thank you,” she said. “Thank you for what you did Thursday night. You saved us both a lot of time and misery.”

Derrick regarded them both with suspicion, his eyes darting from Leah to Caleb. “Were you screwing this guy while we were together?” he asked.

Caleb took a step forward, but Leah stopped him with a gentle press of her fingers against his arm.

“Unfortunately, no, I was not,” Leah said. “Caleb knew we were together and he’s too decent a human being to move in on a woman who’s already in a relationship. Thankfully, that’s no longer the case.” She motioned to Derrick’s feet. “You may want to take care while walking on the rocky ground. This surface can’t be good for those shoes.”

“So you won’t even give me ten minutes after I drove all the way up here?” Derrick asked.

“I hope you have the gas money to make it back home,” she said. She turned to Caleb. “We have one final farewell toast. I don’t want to miss it.”

Caleb took her by the arm and without a backward glance at Derrick, they headed for the walking path that would take them to Birch House. After a couple of minutes, Leah stopped. She turned to him, her eyes bright with satisfaction.

“God, that felt good,” she said. “No, it felt amazing.”

“It felt pretty amazing to watch,” Caleb said. “You’re pretty sexy when you’re choosing me over another man.”

Her head flew back with her laugh. Holding his hand between her palms, she brought his fingers to her lips and pressed a light kiss to them.

“Thank you,” Leah said.

“For what?”

“Because before this weekend, I would have taken him back.” She shook her head. “It turns my stomach to think about it, but I would have, Caleb. I would have thought about how disappointed my mother will be in me when Derrick runs back to her to tell her how nasty I was to him, and I would have taken him back.

“This weekend you showed me that I can’t live my life based on what others think. You showed me how to live for me. I don’t know how I can ever repay you for that.”

“You said it yourself,” Caleb said. “Continue living your life for you. That would be enough.” He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to her lips. “Just promise that you’ll let me come along for the ride.”





Camp Firefly Falls





Read all the titles in the Camp Firefly Falls series! Visit the website for more info!





Winning Back His Wife (Book 1)

by Zoe York and Gwen Hayes



His Counterfeit Campfire Bride (Book 2)

by Gwen Hayles



Crushing on Cooper (Book 3)

by Violet Vaughn



Skinny Dipping Dare (Book 4)

by Zoe York



The Time of His Life (Book 5)

by Jamie Wesley



Mr. Right Next Door (Book 6)

by Farrah Rochon



One Last Fling (Book 7)

by Lily Danes





Also by Farrah Rochon





Moments In Maplesville


Take a journey to the sultry, sleepy town of Maplesville, Louisiana!

A Perfect Holiday Fling (Callie & Stefan)

A Little Bit Naughty (Jada & Mason)

Just A Little Taste (Kiera & Trey)

I Dare You (Stefanie & Dustin)

All You Can Handle (Sonny & Ian)

Any Way You Want It (Nyree & Dale)

Any Time You Need Me (Aubrey & Sam)





The Holmes Brothers


Set in New Orleans, the Holmes Brothers series follows the lives of Elijah, Tobias, and Alexander Holmes as they find love in one of the world’s most romantic cities.

Deliver Me

Release Me

Rescue Me





￼Stand-Alones


In Her Wildest Dreams

Event planner Erica Cole recruits her best friend to help her plan the ultimate Valentine's Day fantasy, but chocolatier Gavin Foster is determined to show her that they should be more than just friends.

The Rebound Guy

Relationship advisor Dexter Bryant is trying to shake his stud-for-hire image, but when Asia Carpenter makes him an offer he can't refuse, Dex will have to play the role of professional rebound guy one last time.





Romances from Harlequin Kimani!


Bayou Dreams

Check out my series set in the small, fictional town of Gauthier, Louisiana!



The New York Sabers

Don’t miss my sizzling New York Sabers football series! Check my website for details!

See all of my available titles on my website!





About the Author





USA Today Bestselling author Farrah Rochon hails from a small town just west of New Orleans. She has garnered much acclaim for her Holmes Brothers, New York Sabers, Bayou Dreams and Moments in Maplesville series. I’ll Catch You, the second book in her New York Sabers series for Harlequin Kimani, was a 2012 RITA ® Award finalist. Yours Forever, the third book in the Bayou Dreams series, was a 2015 RITA® Award finalist. Farrah has been nominated for an RT BOOKReviews Reviewers Choice Award, and in 2015 received the Emma Award for Author of the Year.



When she is not writing in her favorite coffee shop, Farrah spends most of her time reading, cooking, traveling the world, visiting Walt Disney World, and catching her favorite Broadway shows. An admitted sports fanatic, Farrah feeds her addiction to football by watching New Orleans Saints games on Sunday afternoons.



Connect with Farrah:

@FarrahRochon

FarrahRochonAuthor

www.farrarochon.com

farrah@farrahrochon.com





