Carter’s Flame

by Tiffany Patterson





Copyright © 2017 by Tiffany Patterson



All rights reserved. This book or parts thereof may not be reproduced in any form, stored in any retrieval system, or transmitted in any form by any means—electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or otherwise—without prior written permission of the publisher, except as provided by United States of America copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher, at TiffanyPattersonWrites@Gmail.com.



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.



A special thank you to There For You (thereforyou.melissa@gmail.com) for editing and Ideality Consulting LLC (latrisa@idea-lity.com) for proofreading.





Prologue

Carter

“I’m tired of killing people.” I looked up from the fire pit that was burning in the middle of our campsite and took a long pull of the beer I held in my hand.

“Tired of killing people?” Andy peered at me over the blaze, eyes wide. “How the fuck can you get tired of all of this?” He held his arms wide, glancing around at the trees behind us and the vast ocean that sat in front of him. We were on a beach in Southeast Asia on reprieve for a few days.

“This,” I waved my hand around in the same manner he had, “will end in less than forty-eight hours. Then it’s back to scoping out our next target, and catching the next terror cell leader because there’s always one more down the line.”

“We do that shit to protect our country.” Andy pointed at me, hand wrapped around his own beer.

I tilted my head. “Granted, but what about the wailing mother who lost her child in the firefight? And the brother who witnesses death after death of his family members and grows up to become a terrorist because of his bitterness?”

“We fucking kill him, too.”

“See,” I pointed. “Never fucking ends. Shit just keeps going and going. I’ve done this for eight years. Since I was eighteen. It was fun when I first started. I was still pissed, three years after nine-eleven. We’ll get those motherfuckers, I thought.”

“And we did. Bin Laden’s dead. His cell is on the outs.”

“And Iraq is a fucking wasteland. Afghanistan is still a mess. Northern Africa is recruiting and growing more dangerous by the day. Shit keeps going.” I shook my head, and stared back into the fire.

Andy was silent for a few moments before speaking again. “You’re the best 18C anyone in our unit has ever seen. You’ve gotten us outta shit we never thought we’d be able to get out of. What’re you gonna do with all that knowledge once you leave the Army? A fucking desk job? Work for you father?”

I grunted, my head jerking back, but my eyes remained on the fire. I’d been thinking of it for over a year now — leaving the Army. I enlisted at eighteen and never looked back, basically giving the middle finger to my father, my brothers, and the life I was supposedly born to live. I wanted more than a life of business dealings, but I still wanted to be the best of the best, which was why I applied for the special forces division of the U.S. Army. The training was grueling. Not only was it physically exhausting, but intellectually challenging. I came out on top, however, and had been a Special Forces Engineer Sergeant for the better part of my military career, or as it was mainly referred to by the guys, a 18C. But this wasn’t for me anymore.

“No,” I shook my head, “definitely not going to work for my father at Townsend.”

“Sometimes, I still can’t believe you walked away from all of that.” Andy gave a disbelieving chuckle, before taking another swig of his beer. “You need this shit just as much as I do. You get off on the adrenaline of it all. You’d fucking hang yourself if you had to sit behind a desk for eight hours a day.”

I smirked in agreement. He was accurate on that account. “Exactly why I’m not going into the family business. Aaron’s got that covered anyway,” I stated, referring to my brother who was in serious running for taking over at Townsend Industries once our father retired.

“Then what the fuck are you gonna do?”

I slowly allowed my eyes to roll up to meet Andy’s over the fire. “Firefighting.”

He angled his head, silently asking a question.

I stretched my arms out in front of me, before planting my elbows on my knees. “Williamsport has one of the best and highly trained fire departments in the U.S. Their rescue squads are top tier.” I peered back up to Andy. “I figure they could use a guy with my skills.”

He sat back in his beach chair and gazed out over the ocean that was barely visible due to the late hour. “It’s definitely not sitting behind a desk.”

“That it is not,” I replied.

“And you wouldn’t be killing anyone, hopefully.”

We chuckled at that.

He pondered a few more moments before finally replying, “I could see it.”

I nodded. So could I. Which was why I’d already sent my application in and had arranged a videoconference interview for the following month when I was scheduled to be back on base in Germany. The application process to become a firefighter could take months, which gave me enough time to get through it all and to officially be discharged from the army.

My life would be my own again. Don’t get me wrong, I’d thoroughly enjoyed my service in the army. The guys I’d come across reminded me of my own brothers back home, even though most came from entirely different walks of life than I had. I’d heard of the term courage under fire, but they embodied it, and every day I did my damndest to make sure I lived up to and exceeded the standards my commanders set. However, it was time to move on. It can become easy to get too jaded in this type of world. One in which we were constantly looking over our shoulders, seeing good friends who’d become family, blown up or severely injured. I’d carry these experiences with me, but I wanted to serve in another way now.

I rose from my beach chair, the sound of the ocean behind me loud as the waves crashed the beach. Andy stood as well, holding out his beer.

“To the newest Williamsport firefighter.”

It wasn’t a done deal just yet, but it might as well have been. Nothing, and I mean absolutely nothing wasn’t mine for the taking when I made up my mind.

“Salute.” I held up my bottle, saluting Andy, and then we both poured the remnants of our beers onto the fire, causing it to surge. Neither one of us even took a step back. We’d made friends with the fear of death or injury long ago. Even in the face of a raging fire, I didn’t flinch anymore. I knew at that moment, fighting fires was my next calling.





~ Chapter One ~



Michelle



“What the hell is taking so long?” I yelled out in my car, resisting the urge to honk my horn at the black Camry in front of me. I considered myself a patient person for the most part, but that morning I’d woken up thirty minutes late, and I still needed to get Diego to school.

“Mama, if I’m late, Ms. Daniels deducts a point from the behavior chart,” my six year old whined from the backseat.

I peered up in my rearview mirror to see Diego, frowning with his arms crossed. “I know, sweetie. Mommy is moving as fast as she can.” I used the calmest voice I could muster at that moment.

“Can’t you tell the other cars I need to get to school?”

I pushed out a breath. “If only it were that simple.”

“This week Ms. Daniels says if we get all our points, we’ll get to have an ice cream party. I gotta make it!” My son, much like his mama, loved ice cream.

“Look, Diego,” I began, holding on with the tightest of grips to my patience, “I’ll make you a deal … even if Ms. Daniels doesn’t throw you the ice cream party, I will buy you whatever flavor you want. Ice cream date, you and me, this weekend. Deal?”

His sun-kissed face brightened, a smile spreading, exposing his missing front tooth. “Promise?”

“Mommies don’t make promises.”

“They make memories,” he finished, giggling. It’d become my little saying whenever he asked me to make him a promise.

“Ice cream date, just you and me.” It’s not like anyone else was in the picture to date. That’s how’d it’d been, Diego and I for the better part of six years. His worthless father continued to make sure of that.

One … two … three … I began counting in my head, to push down the annoyance that rose in me whenever thoughts of Diego’s father sprang up.

“We’re almost there,” I informed my son as soon as I turned onto the block where his school sat. I looked to the clock on my dashboard, which read 7:53, and it was three minutes fast. That meant I’d gotten there two minutes before the school bell rang.

“Come on, baby,” I encouraged Diego from out of the backseat, trying to hurry him in. I straightened his school uniform jacket and pants, not wanting him to appear wrinkled. Diego attended an exclusive elementary school that only those with connections got their children into. That was one of the only things his father had ever done for him. Besides be a pain in my ass.

One … two … three

“Bye, Mama!” Diego waved before running to meet up with the rest of his class as they waited in a line right outside the front door entrance. I waved back, but instead of hopping back into my car to make it to work on time, I paused, waiting for the bell to ring and watch my son and his classmates march into their school building to begin their days. Diego didn’t even bother looking back, instead whispering something into the ear of another little boy and giggling about it. It made me think back to the year before when I practically had to push him through the doors of his new school and run out just so he wouldn’t cling to me. I sighed. He was growing up so fast.

I pulled out my cell once I was back in my cream-colored Ford Focus. “Hey, Natoi, I’m stopping to pick up a coffee and some donuts. Want anything?”

I jotted down my assistant’s order of a hazelnut coffee and a Boston Creme donut before hanging up and pointing my car in the direction of my favorite specialty donut shop around the corner. I stopped in this same shop a few times a week since it was on my way to work after dropping Diego off. I could also blame my regular donut runs and ice cream dates with my son on why my body remained a size ten, but forget that. I wasn’t small by any definition but at five-six, I carried it well.

I placed the donut box in my passenger seat and the two drinks in my car’s cup holders between the seats, before I pulled out of the shop’s parking lot. It was rush hour so a trip from the donut shop to the building where I worked that should’ve taken only ten minutes, would likely take twenty to twenty-five. If I was lucky, I’d get there at about eight forty-five. The work day was supposed to start at eight thirty, but thanks to my company’s flex-time scheduling, I rarely got in before quarter to nine. As long as I stayed a little late, it was fine.

I held the steering wheel in my left hand, while bringing my coffee cup to my lips with my right hand. Taking a quick sip to let the caffeine begin doing its job before I stepped in the office, I kept my eyes on the road, while placing the cup back in the center holder. Just as I returned my hand to the steering wheel all hell broke loose.

The car in front of me was T-boned by another car coming from it’s right. I barely made out the faint sounds of car horns from behind me as I slammed on my brakes but it was too late. I hit the car in front of me, and felt a jolt of something to the right. The steering wheel locked up and I couldn’t do anything to stop my car from moving. My heart squeezed in my chest, the mix of fear and panic stiffening my entire body.

“Oh God!” I yelled. My head slammed into my driver’s side window and the last thing I remembered was praying to God to let me live so I could see my son grow up.



****

Carter

“Rescue Four, car accident on the corner of South and Grant Ave …” The dispatcher’s voice sounded through the fire station’s speakers, alerting our squad that our help was needed. I hopped out of the bed where I had been working on a crossword puzzle while being at the station all night, tossed my feet into my boots, and pulled up my fire protective gear. Slinging my suspenders over my shoulders and grabbing my coat out of my locker, I moved to the pole that stretched from the first to the second and third floors, and easily slid down.

As soon as my boots hit the ground, I yelled out, “Let’s roll.”

Eric, one of our squad’s lieutenants, looked at me and nodded before running to climb in the driver’ seat of the huge firefighter rig. I piled in the back with four other guys, while the captain took his place in the passenger seat.

“Everybody in?” Eric yelled.

“In.”

“All set.”

“Let’s go.”

Rang out, and within milliseconds the captain was pulling the horn, alerting everyone in a two block radius to watch the fuck out.

“Carter, car accident. At least one trapped in their vehicle. This is going to be a rescue mission. Your lead,” Captain Waverly called back, looking at me.

“Make and model of the car?”

He turned back, pressing the button on his walkie and said, “Ford Focus.”

With that information, I began devising a plan as to how we were going to get the victim out. I couldn’t be sure of anything, however, until we were on the scene.

“Corey, you checked the jaws?” I questioned, glancing at my squad member sitting directly across from me.

He nodded. “In perfect condition. Ready to cut through whatever you need.”

I nodded.

“Let’s go, Harvard! My fucking grandmother can drive faster than this!” I yelled from the back. I was getting antsy. Hated the feeling of just sitting there while I knew someone needed my help. The guys around me were the same, their faces a reflection of my own. We were doers, not waiters.

“ETA less than one minute,” Eric called out from the front.

We all hiked up our equipment, made sure our boots and jackets were secured, and as promised, less than a minute later we were pulling up to the scene. I pushed the double doors of the back of the rig open and jumped out of the back, circling to the front of the truck to get an assessment of the scene with my own two eyes. It was a mess. At least four cars were involved in the accident, one of which was a police cruiser.

Captain Waverly came over to us. “Police chase gone wrong. Guy was high on heroine. T-boned that Lincoln,” he pointed to the smashed up Lincoln that rested against a telephone pole and then hit the Focus.”

My eyes shot to the Focus that was upside down on its roof.

“Victim’s still in side.”

“Holy fuck,” I grunted. All of Rescue Four moved in the direction of the Focus. Whoever was inside would be lucky to make it out alive. Just as we inched closer there was a spark…and then flames were shooting up from the underside of the vehicle that was now on top.

“Townsend, kill that fire!” Captain shouted.

I lifted the fire extinguisher I held and shot it at the flames until they were suppressed.

“Help!” a muffled begging came from inside the car.

I was immediately drawn to it.

Without any discretion or hesitation on my part, I got low next to the broken out passenger side window and lowered myself so I was right next to the car.

“Help!” a female voice sounded, and it pulled at every instinct in me.

“Hey, hey,” I called out, unable to see her since her face was turned in the other direction.

“Hello?” she responded. “Help me!” she yelled, trying to turn her head.

“Don’t move. Listen to me. Don’t move. We’re going to get you out of here, but you gotta be as still as possible. Can you do that for me?”

“P-please. My son. He’s in the backseat,” she cried.

Oh fuck!

I hadn’t even thought of a child being in this mess.

“Captain,” I moved back to call out, “she says her son’s in here, too. I’m going to see if I can reach him.” I didn’t pause or stop even when the captain yelled for me to. I belly crawled to get the top half of my body inside the passenger side window.

“Ma’am, what’s your son’s name?”

“D-diego,” she responded, her voice so full of agony and fear it was choking her.

The car was upside down, causing me to have to look up to see the backseat. There was a booster seat, scraps of paper, and a blue baseball cap that looked like it was made for a child, but there was no child.

“Diego?” I called out and got no response.

“Carter?” I heard, Don, one of my squad members yell out.

“Is he okay?” the woman asked.

“We’re working on it, ma’am,” I told her just to reassure her. I pulled out to see Don standing over me.

“You find the kid?”

I shook my head.

“It’s well after eight o’clock, most schools have been in session for at least a half an hour. Maybe she dropped him off and forgot due to the accident.”

I nodded at Don’s assessment. It made the most sense. People often get details wrong in the immediate aftermath of something traumatic like a car accident.

“We working to get her outta here?”

“Yeah, but Cap’s afraid the jaws might cause sparks and another fire to star… Hey! Where the fuc–”

His words were cut off as I ducked back into the vehicle to tend to the woman. Something pulled me back to her, whereas ordinarily, I would’ve been helping to strategize.

“Hey, what’s your name?” I questioned, reaching out to the woman still stuck in the driver’s seat.

“M-michelle. Is Diego okay?”

“Michelle. I’m Carter. I need to ask if you’re sure Diego was with you in the accident?”

“I-I,” she began, shaking her head and then turning.

“No! Don’t m―” My protest was cut off when she finally turned her head to look at me and I got to see her face for the first time. The words I’d been trying to form turned into a ball of concrete and cemented in my throat. I was speechless. Thrown by the power of her gaze. Even the blood trickling down her forehead couldn’t mar the beauty of her caramel skin, high cheek bones and brown doe eyes.

“Diego.” She blinked a few times, then squeezed her eyes tight before popping them back open to look at me. “I think I took him to school,” she finally stated.

“That’s good. That’s a good thing, Michelle. It means your little boy is safe and sound in the classroom.”

She remained silent, eyes still on mine, holding my gaze, silently begging me to get her out of there.

“So now, we’re going to do everything we can to get his mama back to him, safe and sound. Okay?” I removed one of my gloves, and lifted my hand to push strands of curly hair away from her face. “Alright?” I urged.

“’Kay,” she answered on a whisper.

“I’m gonna check your seatbelt right now. Don’t move.” I traced her seatbelt with my hand all the way down to her waist and tried to undo it, but it was stuck.

“Michelle, your seatbelt has got you in there pretty good. Great thing during an accident, but right now we gotta get you out of here. Give me a sec.” I pushed back out. “Harvard, I need a knife. Seatbelt’s caught.”

“Here.” He handed me a knife we kept in the rig. “It’s about to get loud.”

“You’re going with the jaws?”

Harvard nodded.

“Good. Hurry the fuck up!” I ordered before moving back through the window. “Michelle,” I called out, my voice much more soothing than the tone I’d just used with Eric.

“Yeah,” she answered, sounding dazed.

“I’m going to cut you out of here, but again, I need you as still as possible. It’s also going to get loud as my guys work to get you free, alright?”

“I’m scared,” she confessed.

“I know, sugar. Do me a favor?”

She nodded.

“Keep your eyes on me. As long as you’re in here, I’m right here with you.”

“Wh-what’s that?” she asked, anxiously, as the loud hum of the jaws began its work, causing the car to vibrate.

“That’s my team, working to get you free. Eyes on me,” I ordered and those honey brown orbs, full of fear, turned back on me. “That’s it. Michelle,” I began, tugging a piece of the seatbelt and using the knife to begin sawing at it. “What’s your last name?”

“Clarke.”

“Michelle Clarke. Beautiful name. How old is your son?” I periodically looked between her and the work of my hands, unable to keep my gaze off of her for too long.

“He’s six … and a half.”

I chuckled. “That half’s important. He like sports?”

“Baseball and football.”

“No kidding? My kid brother plays a little football. I bet they’d get along.”

I continued talking about any and every thing, asking questions that came to mind just to keep her distracted. Eventually, everything fell away. The fact that she was upside down in her car. The noise of my squad working. Even the knowledge that this car could explode without a moment’s notice. It all fell by the wayside, and it was just Michelle and I making conversation. Something that’d never happened on a rescue before.

“We’re almost there,” I told her, when I was almost finished with the sawing of the seatbelt.

“Carter, take this,” Captain Waverly stated, pushing in a neck brace through the driver’s side window.

“Got it,” I called back. “Michelle, sugar, I’ve got to put this around your neck. It’s a neck brace to keep you stabilized while my guys pull you out. It’s just for your safety.” I carefully placed the brace around her neck. “I’m just about done with the seatbelt, and when I am, my guys are going to yank the door open and pull you onto a gurney, okay?” I told her as calmly as I could, and went back to the last quarter inch of the seatbelt until I finally got it out. I pressed the walkie talkie on my shoulder.

“All clear.”

Soon after that message, the driver’s side door made a horrible scraping sound as my guys pulled it open.

“What’s that?” Michelle shrieked, grabbing my shoulder. She was unable to turn her head due to the brace.

I reached for her outstretched hand, taking it in my ungloved grasp. “It’s my squad, we’re getting you out of here.”

“Don’t leave me, Carter.”

If I’d been standing, I’m not sure I would’ve been able to keep myself upright the first time I heard her say my name.

“I’m not going anywhere, sugar.” I squeezed her hand tighter, and didn’t let it go, even as my guys loaded her onto the gurney after they pulled her out of the car. I closely followed, pulling myself over the center console of her car and crawling until I was completely out the other side, and standing next to her as she laid on the gurney. The paramedics told my squad they got it from there. I heard them tell me they could manage, but Michelle’s pleas to not leave her outweighed them all.

I peered down at the male paramedic and gave him a death glare before turning back to Michelle. No one asked me to move out of the way after that.

“Carter,” Michelle said my name as we arrived at the ambulance.

The paramedics pulled the doors open and out of my peripheral I saw them glance at one another, deciding who was going to ask me to move so they could load her in. It was selfish of me. She needed to be checked out. She needed medical attention, at the very least on that cut above her eye, but I wouldn’t … no, couldn’t let go of her hand or her gaze.

“Carter! Let’s go!” The captain’s yell snapped my attention and pissed me off. I glanced back to see my guys now loading the rig. It was time to go.

“Michelle, these nice paramedics are going to take care of you now.” And for some strange reason, I lifted her hand to my lips, kissing it. A warm glow started at my lips and moved out and down my entire body when I did so. Reluctantly, finger by finger, I released the hold I had on her hand and let the paramedics do their job. The entire time they loaded her in the ambulance until they closed the doors, Michelle’s eyes and mine were locked on one another’s.

“Carter!” Another call, this time from Eric.

It was time to go. But as the ambulance pulled farther and farther away, I had to tamp down hard on the urge to chase after it.





~ Chapter Two ~



Carter

“That was some save today.” Eric, also referred to as Harvard, walked up to me, clapping me on the back as I sat on my cot, staring out into space.

I didn’t need to ask what save he was referring to, although we’d gone on at least five runs since Michelle. Michelle. The woman I’d been thinking about all fucking day. The woman I couldn’t keep my mind off of even as we were called to another car accident, a house fire, and a warehouse fire. Every time I closed my eyes for a little rest, in between calls, those honey eyes stared back at me. Not sleeping wasn’t unusual for me, but never had a woman been the cause of my sleepless nights. Not in this way, at least.

“Yeah, hell of a job from everyone,” I retorted, smiling at Eric. I stood up, stretching my arms overhead, still feeling his silent look on me. Harvard wasn’t much for words, but I could tell he was always thinking, analyzing, and assessing. It’s what made him so good as a lieutenant.

“Everyone did their part. But you were in there. Even against Cap’s orders,” he noted, bringing a cup of coffee to his lips, staring at me over the brim as he sipped.

I shrugged. “She needed someone with her.”

“And that someone had to be you?”

“Who else was it gonna be?” I rolled my shoulders onto my back, willing myself to calm down. We got antsy with one another often, but it felt like he was getting too close to something big.

His lips turned downward, contemplatively. “No one else, I guess.” His eyes narrowed, looking for a response to his comment. He wasn’t getting one.

“We’re off in five minutes. The hell are you drinking coffee for?” I teased, changing the direction of the conversation.

He grinned. “Heading to Charlie’s after work and staying with Angel until she closes.” Angela, or Angel as he called her, was Eric’s wife, and she owned a bar named Charlie’s that all the guys frequented. “You coming?”

I shook my head. “Not tonight. I gotta take care of something.”

“Everything alright?”

I didn’t know whether to be pissed off or grateful for the concern I heard in his question.

“Everything’s fine. Just something I gotta do.”

“Okay.” He didn’t question it further and I was glad about it.

Five minutes later, I was putting on my leather jacket, and heading out the door, after saying my good-byes and signing out for the night. I walked to the parking lot that was in front of the station house, and grinned when I made eye contact with my beauty. She sat on two wheels and was only one of a few hundred of these in the world. My Ducati Diavel Diesel was my pride and joy. I removed my helmet from the back rest, placed it over my head, and threw my leg over the seat to straddle the bike. Placing the key in, I revved up the engine, but before pulling out, I turned my head up to stare at the marquee that read “Rescue Four” in gold at the top of the brick fire station. This was my home. I gave the building a two finger salute and pulled out of the parking lot, turning right, the opposite direction of where I lived.

I had no idea where I was going. All I knew was that I couldn’t get the image of Michelle’s face out of my mind. So, I drove in the only direction I thought to find the real thing, instead of the memory in my head. Ten minutes later, I was pulling up into the parking lot of Memorial Hospital. Parking my bike and tearing off my helmet, I headed toward the double doors of the emergency room. I glanced around the waiting room, seeing people in various states of sickness waiting to be seen. Nurses, doctors, medics, and other medical personnel moved about. I finally caught sight of a nurse I knew. Tucking my helmet under my arm and sauntering over to her, I grabbed her attention.

“Hey, Cyn, were you in earlier today?” I questioned.

“Carter.” She smiled. “I’ve been in since noon. Why? What’s up?” she asked, tucking a lock of brunette hair behind her ear.

“There was a call I wanted to check up on. We pulled her out of her car. She was in an accident down on Grant. Car flipped. She had a gash over her right eye. First name Michelle. Last name Clarke.”

Cyn’s face scrunched up as she tried to place the woman. “Oh!” She snapped her fingers. “Yeah, I remember. She was a little banged up.”

“What room is she in?” I questioned, glancing around as if she’d materialize just out of my desire to see her again.

Cyn shook her head. “No room. Signed herself out, AMA. Doc wanted to keep her overnight for observation due to the gash on her forehead and the knot that started to form, but she insisted on leaving. Nothing we could do.” She shrugged. “Listen, Carter, I gotta go.”

“Thanks, Cyn.” I barely noticed when she left, instead my mind working overtime to figure out why it concerned me so much that Michelle had signed herself out. What the hell was I even doing there? Sure, we checked up on people we pulled out often, but a simple phone call could’ve done.

“Fuck it,” I stated. I reasoned that Michelle probably signed herself out to get back to her family. She did have a son after all. And chances were if she had a son, she had a husband to go along with him. Or at the very least, a father for her child.

I slowly turned back to the doors I’d entered, pulling my helmet back over my head. I got on my Ducati, started it up, and backed out of my parking space, waiting until I’d exited the hospital’s parking lot to rev up the engine and peel out onto the street, doing my best to get lost in the adrenaline rush that came from moving this fast on the road.



****

Michelle

Days like this, I wish I had a man in my life who’d do this type of thing for me. As I stared at the salesman in the passenger seat, ramble on about the upgrades of the two thousand eighteen version of the vehicle, I just let him talk. It was either that, or tell him again―for the third time―that I had no interest in buying a brand new car.

I’d finally gotten the insurance payout for my totaled car and all I wanted was a three or four year old car that ran great and got me where I needed to go. Apparently, I hadn’t made that clear enough to the salesman, who was still talking about the two thousand eighteen features.

“No, no, that’s great. Maybe I’ll look into that in the future,” I spoke up. “But for now, I’d just like the 2014 model.” I rubbed my hands up and down the steering wheel. We’d just done a test drive of the 2014, and I was set on it. This was pretty much the exact same car I’d had and I hadn’t had any problems with it until the accident.

“Are you sure? We have some–”

“I’m sure. And I’ll be writing a check, so no need to go through all the financing paperwork. If we could get this done as soon as possible. I have to pick up my son from the sitter.” That was a total lie, but thankfully, one that Steve bought.

“Oh, a mother, huh? I get it. My wife’s always rushing around taking the kids from one place to another. How many kids do you have?”

“Just one.” I smiled, tightly.

“Well, if you’re thinking of having more in the near future, we’ve got some SUVs and minivans that are perfect for driving the family around.”

“I’m not. Thank you.” I got out of the car, shutting the door, making it clear to Steve that I was ready to head out. Thankfully, he got the message and followed suit. He held the door open for me to enter the dealership. Forty minutes later―after writing a check out for the total amount of the vehicle―I had my new keys in hand and was on my way out. It was just after two o’clock and I had plenty of free time. I’d left Diego with my mother for the day, and they were planning on going to see a children’s play. Those two were like peas in a pod, couldn’t get enough of hanging with one another. That’d brought a smile to my lips. My mother and I hadn’t had a great relationship growing up, but she was great with Diego.

On a whim, I got the idea to head over to the Rescue Four firehouse. It was something I’d contemplated over the last three weeks, since my accident. All during my week and a half recuperating process from work, and even since I’d been back, I couldn’t get my mind off the sexiest and most haunting pair of blue eyes I’d ever seen. Carter. That was his name, at least I thought it was. That was the name I remembered calling out, as I was being pulled from my car. The tight hold around my hand that was almost strangling my circulation but felt good just the same. And it may have been my imagination, but I thought I remembered that just before I was loaded into the ambulance, he’d lifted my hand and brought it to his soft lips. I still remember the tiny tingles that shot through my adrenaline flooded body. I was pretty sure that the adrenaline was the reason I was still so caught up on thoughts of him. It had to be the adrenaline and high emotion of it all. I told myself it was nothing more than the energy of the situation, even as I bought two dozen donuts from my favorite shop and pointed my new car in the direction of the firehouse.

Fifteen minutes later, I parked across the street of the Rescue Four fire station and got out of my car. Pulling out the two boxes of donuts from the passenger side, I checked the street before crossing. A nervousness settled over me the closer I got, but I was already there. No turning back now. I entered through the opened garage where a fire struck sat, equipment out behind it.

“Hello?” I called.

A dark head popped out from behind the fire truck. The man, dressed in dark blue slacks and T-shirt of the fire department, greeted me with a smile.

“Hi. My name is Michelle. Michelle Clarke. I was in an accident three weeks ago and your squad pulled me out of my car. I just …” I paused as three more men emerged. “I brought something to say thank you,” I continued, holding up the boxes for all the men to see.

All four men now broke out into smiles. Whoa! All of these men were gorgeous. The first one I’d met introduced himself as Don. He had dark hair and was about six foot, medium build. The next one was introduced as Eric. He was tall, too―with dark, silky hair and a creamy coloring to his skin thanks to his Asian heritage. Next came Sean, who was a few shades darker than me and slightly taller than Don. Finally, I shook hands with Corey, who was somewhere between my caramel coloring and Sean’s complexion, and just as handsome as the other three men.

“Thank you for these,” Don stated, holding up the boxes of donuts he’d relieved me of. “We always love food as a token of your appreciation.” He laughed, and the rest did as well.

Despite how great all these men were, disappointment settled in my belly at not seeing the one face I’d hoped beyond hope to see.

“Come in, doll,” Don ushered.

“Oh, that’s okay. I didn’t want to disturb your day.”

“Nonsense, come on. It’s rare we get a face as beautiful as yours around here,” Sean added.

I smiled, and followed the men inside. We entered from the garage side door into a huge kitchen. I glanced around and saw a few other firefighters milling about.

“Here’s everyone’s favorite room in the entire firehouse,” Eric informed.

Don placed the donuts on the table and suddenly I felt guilty.

“Hey, I know there’s a cliché about cops and donuts, but these are from my favorite shop, so I hope no one’s offended,” I laughed.

“Offended? We’d be more upset if you didn’t bring food,” Sean exclaimed.

“Hey, what’s so–”

Everything in me stilled. His voice alone, I’d memorized it. Those cerulean eyes met mine and a slow smile broke out onto his face.

“Michelle.”

My hand lunged out to hold onto the counter. Just the sound of my name falling from his lips, and the way he stared at me, watching me, moving closer. He came to stand in front of me. He was tall. Taller than the four other men in the room. A dirty blond lock fell over his forehead, and I wanted so badly to push it out of his face but I held back. I stared at him the same way he was looking down at me. We were memorizing each other. I drank in his chiseled jawline with the short hairs of a cropped beard, the light freckles that lined his upper cheeks and bridge of his nose, and again, those eyes.

“Carter.” I cleared my throat, attempting to rid it of the tremble I was sure everyone in earshot heard. “I wanted to come by and thank you for saving me. All of you,” I added, breaking free of the grip his gaze had on me and looking back to the other men in the room, who’d gone eerily quiet. I would’ve guessed they’d all scattered as silent as they’d gotten. This group didn’t strike me as the quiet bunch. But when I peeled my eyes from Carter’s, I definitely saw that we weren’t alone.

“Michelle brought donuts,” Corey yelled out.

“I hope you all enjoy them,” I stated, unable to turn back to Carter. I still felt his eyes on me. “I didn’t know what else to bring to say thanks.”

“You’ve done enough,” his deep voice sounded.

“Food is always welcome around here.”

“The way these clowns eat, we’re not turning anything down!” Sean called out.

I finally turned back to Carter, who sure enough, continued to stare at me.

“What’re you doing now?” he questioned.

I blinked, contemplating his question. “Uh, nothing. My mother has Diego for the afternoon.”

“Care to take a short break with me?”

I raised my eyebrows, but he was already taking my hand in his. The same warm feeling I remembered from the day of the accident, appeared at the same spot he touched.

“You hungry?”

“Yes.”

“Good. Come with me.” He pulled me by the arm and we began exiting the kitchen, through a swinging door.

“Thanks, Michelle.”

“Leaving so soon?” Don called out in a teasing manner.

Carter shot him a look, but didn’t say anything. He just held the door open for me, and moved behind me, wrapping his arm around my lower back, possessively. He didn’t even bother introducing me to any of the other firefighters as we moved past the main area of the station, passed the television and out the front door.

“It was a little stuffy in there,” he said in my ear, once we were outside. “Take a trip with me.”

“What?” I blurted out, turning to him.

A funny grin spread across his face. “To the park. You said you were hungry.” His head gestured and I turned, seeing the entrance to the biggest open air park in Williamsport.

“Oh, yeah. Sure,” I fumbled, feeling foolish. Of course he wasn’t asking me to go on an actual trip with him.

“How’ve you been since the accident? Any injuries?” he questioned, as we made our way over the cobblestones of the park’s entrance.

I shook my head. “Other than some stitches and a mild concussion I was alright.”

We stopped walking and Carter turned to me. His free hand raising to my forehead, he ran his thumb along the cut that had been on the mend. I leaned into his touch, gathering his strength, and tried to store it for an occasion when I would need it.

“Is that why you signed yourself out of the hospital?”

My eyes sprang open. I hadn’t even been aware that I’d closed them. “How’d you know I signed myself out?”

“I went to the hospital to check on you.” He looked me straight in the eye.

I paused, both shocked and a little taken aback by his stare. He seemed to always be staring at me so attentively. “Do you always do that?”

“Do what?” A blond eyebrow spiked upwards.

“Look people straight in the eye when talking to them.” It was unnerving and fulfilling all at the same time. As if every last word I spoke held his completely enraptured attention. I’d felt it when I was trapped inside my car as well.

“Does it make you uncomfortable?” He inched closer, gaze intent on me.

“Would you stop doing it if it did?”

“Probably not.”

I tilted my head to the side. “Why not?”

“Because I can’t help it around you … nor do I even want to try to.” His free hand―because he still held my left hand in his right―went up to my shoulder, and began stroking the loose end piece of the braid I wore.

“Soft,” he murmured, as if committing my hair’s feel to memory.

Something inside of me shook. Like my body was shaking off the feeling of being in darkness for a long time. I got that wonderful feeling you get when you first stretch after a good night’s rest, but I hadn’t moved. I’d merely been held captive by Carter’s watchful eyes.

“What do you like on your hotdogs?”

I blinked. “Huh?”

He tilted his head behind me and I turned to glance over my shoulders. We were at a hotdog stand.

“Unless you’d prefer a restaurant experience.”

“What? No, this is fine. I bet you’re pretty busy at the station and don’t have time for a sit down restaurant,” I rushed out.

I turned back to see sparkling eyes trained on me. “My shift ended twenty minutes ago.”

“Oh, well, a hot dog’s fine for now. I’ll take a raincheck on the restaurant,” I lied, knowing I could never agree to going on an actual date with this man. “I’ll take just ketchup and mustard on mine.”

“Ketchup and mustard it is.” He stepped forward, and ordered our food along with two cans of cola from the vendor.

“I haven’t had a hotdog from a vendor in ages,” I said, grinning just before taking my first bite. Thankfully, it was one of those warmer spring days and we were able to locate a bench not too far off, to sit down.

“Why’s that?”

I watched as Carter took a huge bite of his hotdog. His jaw bulged and shifted as he ate, and Lord help me, I found the movement of his mouth erotic. The trimmed hairs of his beard reflected the sunlight. I noticed, not for the first time, the splattering of freckles across the bridge of his nose and tops of his cheeks. The urge to kiss every single one as I counted them arose, and instead of leaning in to do just that, I took a bite of my own hotdog.

“Um …” I hesitated to swallow before answering his question. “I try to cook well-balanced meals for my son. I rarely allow him to eat street food.”

“So you’re a health nut?” he asked, grinning, and balling up the paper that held his hot dog. How the hell had he finished already?

“Pssh, yeah right.” I held out my arms, as if to say look at me. “I hardly look like a health nut.”

His eyes narrowed, all humor leaving his face. His gaze sharpened on me, pinning me before moving over my face, neck, breasts, thighs, and legs. I tried to swallow but all the saliva in my mouth had dried up. He was taking his entire fill of me, drinking me up with just his eyes, and despite the cream jeans and sleeveless blouse I wore, I felt completely raw and exposed under his scrutiny.

“You’re perfect.” His voice was low but laced with a steely firmness that pulled at a need deep within me that I’d done my best to suppress.

I wasn’t about to let myself get sucked under by his magnetic pull. I’d made that mistake once in my life and was still suffering the consequences of my actions. Instead, I made light of the situation.

Smiling, I said, “You’re a firefighter. Everyone knows what notorious flirts you all are.” I tried to laugh it off, and stood, taking the last sip of my can of soda.

Carter stood as well, his stern eyes barreling down on me. “I don’t.”

I swallowed my last sip on a gulp. “Don’t what.”

“Say shit I don’t mean. Use bullshit flattery to get in a woman’s pants. Don’t have to. Never have. Never will.”

And I believed him. Believed every word he’d just said. Of course he didn’t have to use flattery or trickery. Just look at him. Not only was he drop dead gorgeous but he carried himself like he was born and bred to take on the world.

“I … should go.” It was past the time for me to high-tail it out of there. I needed to get from underneath his penetrating gaze, lest I’d be willing to share all my secrets with this man.

Somehow, he was less than an inch from me. I don’t know if he’d moved closer or I had, but the next thing I knew, I saw his lips barreling toward mine. I should’ve taken a step back, told myself to take a step back, but common sense was beat out by a burning need and I waited for a kiss that never came.

Instead, he lowered his forehead to mine, wrapping a firm arm around my waist. “You should …” he uttered just above a whisper. I nodded, thinking he was affirming what I’d just said―that I should go―but then he finished his statement, “… give me your number.”

I began shaking my head, avoiding his eyes. “I can’t.” I cleared my throat and stepped back to break out of the physical and mental hold he had on me. “I just wanted to thank you for all that you did for me that day. I truly appreciate it,” I quickly stated, backing up. “I hope you and your squad enjoy the donuts. Bye.” I didn’t bother stopping to look at him for his reaction. I turned and moved as swiftly as my two legs would carry me back to the safety of my car. All the while, I felt Carter’s eyes on me, just as firmly as I’d felt his grip when he held my hand.





~ Chapter Three ~



Carter

“Hey, Cap says you’re on lead today.”

I raised an eyebrow in Corey’s direction. I’d just entered the fire station and signed in for my twelve hour shift, before heading up to my locker to drop off my jacket and helmet.

“Why’s that?” I questioned, returning my attention to lacing up my boots.

“Eric’s out and Cap’s gonna be in meetings all day downtown.”

“No sweat. It’s a good day to run drills.”

“Yo, fuck you, Carter.” Corey pointed at me, laughing. “Don’t run us ragged like you usually do without water. We all weren’t special forces and shit.”

I grinned and stood. “Quit acting like a pussy. So I had you in ninety degree weather without water for a few hours. You’ll be thanking me the next time we get a call and we beat Rescue Two up the stairs to the flames.”

“Yeah, whatever. Rescue Two can suck my dick for all I care. After we lost that last bet, they’re never beating us anywhere.”

I let out a belly laugh at the memory of seeing my squad dressed in fucking ballerina tutus on spin bikes. That’d been the last bet they lost to the guys at Rescue Two.

“See,” I pointed at Corey. “That shit wouldn’t have happened if I’d been here.” I hated to even think about that period of time I was away from Rescue Four, or what it was that caused me to have to step away from my squad.

“But you’re back now.” It was as if Corey was reading my mind.

“Yeah, and that means it’s time to get your ass on that course outback. Get Donnie and Sean, and tell ’em let’s fucking get to work.”

“Party time, baby!” Corey clapped his hands and rubbed them together, laughing. He might complain about how tough I was when it came to drills but he loved the shit just as much as I did. All of us at Rescue Four were adrenaline junkies. If we weren’t out rescuing, we were training. And in between those moments of rescue and training, we were filling our stomachs and talking trash to one another. That’s the way it went around here.

I made a move to follow Corey down the wooden stairs that would bring us to the first floor T.V. room in the station house, but my cell phone vibrated in my locker. Doubling back, I picked up my phone and grinned inwardly at seeing whose name came across my phone’s screen.

“You got what I asked for?”

“I can’t even get a fucking hello? Hi, Andy, how are you?”

“Hi, Andy. Suck my dick, Andy. Do you have what I asked you for?”

His chuckle moved across the phone line and I cracked my neck, feeling anxious and irritated. “Yeah, I got it. You got a pen and paper?”

“Did you forget who you’re talking to?”

“Nope. Was testing you to see if you’ve lost it or not. Her number is 712-555 …” He finished reciting Michelle’s telephone number, and by the time he was done, I’d committed the number to memory. I thanked Andy for the intel before hanging up. He was halfway around the world on some job, still working for the Army, but he was able to get me information under the radar. I would’ve asked Don, but he’d already been making comments since Michelle’s visit this past weekend and I didn’t want him in my business any more than he needed to be.

I tossed my cell phone back into my locker after storing Michelle’s phone number in my contact’s list, and then headed out back to where we had our training equipment set up.

“The hell took you so long? I’m growing old over here!” Don’s voice rang out, causing the five guys out with him to laugh.

“Easy, Donnie. Your mother wouldn’t let me leave until I showed her a few of my tricks. Sorry about that.” I winked at him.

“Oh shit!” Corey sing-songed. “Not the man’s mother.”

A round of laughter from the guys except Don who gave a litany of “fuck yous” before we were able to settle down and get some drills going. We were about three quarters of the way through when the station’s alarm went off and we dropped everything to head inside for our gear.

“Carter, you’re up front with me,” Sean, one of our squad lieutenants, called out. I nodded, pulled up my suspenders of my fireproof gear, and ran around to the passenger side of the rig, climbing in. We were on the move, to a house fire. The biggest problem was that it was a row home, which had the potential to light an entire block on fire if the flames weren’t quickly contained.

“You can’t make this thing move any faster?” I growled at Sean, as I listened to the details that came in from headquarters.

“Moving as fast as I can.”

I pulled the cord that sounded the fire truck’s horn, prompting cars to pull over to get out of our way. Within seven minutes we were the first truck pulling up to the scene. There were three police cars already present, trying to set up a perimeter so we could do our thing.

“Anyone inside?” Sean asked one of the officers. Meanwhile, Don, Corey, myself, and another guy were pulling out hatchets and prepping to hook the hose up to the hydrant that sat directly across from the house that was on fire.

“Cop says there may be as many as three people inside, but they’re not sure. Owner is over there.” He pointed at a man who looked to be at his wit’s end. “He said his wife called him and said their house was on fire. He called 911 but hasn’t been able to reach his wife since she got disconnected.”

“Shit!” I stared at the house. It looked to be three stories and there were flames already shooting out of the third floor window. I hoped to God there weren’t any children on that floor.

“What’re you thinking?” Sean questioned.

“Looks like it started on the third floor. We should be able to breach the first floor, secure that floor, and get up to the second to check for anyone. Third floor’s gonna be hot, but we just might be able to do it.” I stopped, recalling to memory the layout of the row home’s on this particular block. Most of them were just about the same.

“Don and Corey can make their way around back, to secure the entry points and make sure we don’t miss anything.” I explained more of my strategy to Sean, who quickly agreed and began giving out orders based off what I’d told him. Logistics had been one of the skills I’d trained on and used a great deal in the Army, and it came in especially handy as a firefighter. We couldn’t just load up the hose and spray down every fire we encountered. Our first priority was always to make sure the sight or scene was free of any victims. To do that often meant we had to make entry, and that took careful planning on all our parts. While I didn’t have the title of lieutenant, my colleagues all valued my expertise enough to consult me when necessary.

As I’d planned, I took lead to make entry into the front of the house with Sean and another member of our squad at my back, while Corey and Don went around back to make entry there. If all went well, we would meet at the center staircase and move upstairs together.

Busting through the front door with my hatchet, I grabbed the front end of the hose and pulled it in with me as I entered the home. The entire first floor was blanketed in thick, black smoke. Not a good sign. I slowed my breathing, to consume as little air as possible from the oxygen mask covering my face.

“I’m checking the bathroom,” Sean tapped me on the shoulder to inform me.

I nodded at him and went the opposite direction to one of the downstairs bedrooms. Again, I had to move around by my knowledge of the layout of the home because of the smoke. Feeling around, I felt nothing on the bed or underneath it. I reached for the knob of the closet and pulled it open. The door flew open and something fell against my leg. A body. I knew the limpness of a body even if I couldn’t see it.

“I got someone,” I called into my walkie-talkie. I bent down to feel for the person. They were small, likely a child. I let my hand glide over the arm, up the shoulder, and to the neck, removing the glove from my hand to feel for a pulse. It was weak, but it was there.

“I’m coming out with one!” I yelled, scooping down to pick the child up, doing my best to keep low as I moved through the cloud of smoke. I retraced my steps back down the hall and out the front door, stumbling a little but making my way down the concrete steps.

“Timmy!” a male voice laced with agony and fear called out.

I looked over to see the distraught man from earlier running toward me. I rushed past the man to place the boy onto the gurney so that paramedics could tend to him. The man followed the gurney and I doubled back to the house to see if there was anyone else I could help, and eventually to beat back the flames.

It took another twenty minutes to get up to the second floor where we found an unconscious woman and another child. They were pulled out, and we finally moved the hose line in to put out the flames that had reached the second floor, and then made our way up to the third. We were there for another hour putting out the last of the flames. When we finally emerged, we were informed by the medics that the woman and her two children suffered from smoke inhalation and had been taken to the hospital. They would likely recover and be discharged within a few days.

“All in a day’s work,” Sean stated, clapping me on the back.

“Anyone hungry?” Don questioned.

But before anyone could respond in the affirmative, we were already getting another call for a fire a few blocks over.

“Duty calls.” I climbed back in the truck, and beat my palm again the outside, as my way of informing Sean in the driver’s seat that we were ready to head to our next fire.



****

“Mr. Townsend, sir, if you would just stay still for another minute or two, I can finish up.”

I growled in the back of my throat at my tailor’s insistence. My eyes roved over his bald head up to the mirror in front of me. My frown deepened. I wore a black tux and fucking hated it.

“This damn thing is stifling me,” I ground out, running my forefinger in between the collar of my shirt and neck, twisting my head.

“That collar fits your measurements exactly, sir. It should not be a problem.”

“Don’t worry about him, Jinks. He’s just grouchy ’cause he doesn’t want to attend our annual ball.”

I narrowed my eyes and stared at my younger brother, Joshua, in the mirror.

“He needs to get the fuck over it.” A deeper, meaner voice moved in behind Joshua. My brother, Aaron. He hadn’t even looked up from his cell phone. Always conducting business with a damn frown on his face. Whereas my frown was due to my uncomfortableness at the moment, Aaron wore a permanent scowl like a badge of honor.

“Fuck both of you. I don’t need to attend this thing at all,” I reminded them.

“Mother and Father will have the police out looking for you. And I don’t have time to play babysitter with you,” Aaron retorted.

I didn’t even bother responding to him or Joshua, who just chuckled. Instead, I pulled out my cell phone and went straight to my contacts.

“Hello?”

Just her voice caused an unraveling of the tension that’d been flowing through my veins.

“Hello, sugar.”

A tiny gasp. “Who … Carter?”

“Yup. How are you?”

“How did you get my number?”

I pursed my lips. “You’re asking the wrong question.” I paused, scowling at Jinks who was still taking measurements and attempting to stick needles in the pants I wore. “Hold on, sugar,” I stated into the phone. “Don’t touch me.” I pushed Jinks out of the way and stepped down off the stand he had me standing on. Without looking, I brushed past my brothers to head back into the changing area for a little privacy.

“Now, as I was saying,” I returned to my phone call, “the question you should be asking is why you didn’t give me your number yourself. Better yet, how about you answer that question tonight over another hot dog? Or maybe I could spring for the sit down restaurant we discussed? Do you like Chinese?”

“Chinese?” she repeated, sounding confused.

“Yeah, I would opt for something a little fancier but I am just making ends meet on a civil servant’s salary.”

“Firefighters actually make a great salary here in Williamsport.”

My lips twitched. “You may be right about that. In that case, I’ll spring for egg rolls and extra sauce with our meal.”

My stomach muscles tightened when her laughter filled the phone line.

“That has to be the best sound I’ve heard all day.” My voice had deepened. “So, that sounds like a yes for tonight.”

Her laughter filtered out and she said, “I can’t.”

“Now that there has to be the worst sound I’ve heard all day, sugar.”

“Carter.”

My hand tightened around my phone at the sound of my name coming from her mouth.

“I have a work event tonight.”

“A work event?” My skepticism was apparent.

“I’m an event planner and I’m assisting at an event tonight.”

“So, another night then?”

She sighed, “I can’t.”

“Can’t isn’t really a word in my vocabulary, sugar.”

“It appears no isn’t either.”

I grinned. “You learn quickly.”

Another forceful push of air from her mouth. “Carter, I just can’t. Okay?”

I didn’t say anything for a long time. Instead I let her words fill my head, and then the expression on her beautiful, caramel face whenever I got close to her that day in the park. The way her eyes got big and shifted between me and something behind me. Those soft-looking full lips of hers that pulled together when I asked for her number, as if her mouth wanted to blurt out her number but something held her back.

“What are you afraid of?” I knew fear when I saw it.

“What’re you talking about?” she questioned, startled.

“If there’s one emotion that I know like the back of my hand, it’s fear, sugar. Want to know a secret?”

“Wh-what?”

“You can’t outrun fear. It’s bigger than you and faster than you. There’s only one way to really be rid of it,” I paused. “You have to succumb to it. Sit in it and let it wash over you, until you feel like it’s going to drown you. That’s how you make friends with it. Then you realize, it can’t do shit to you. It begins to shrink and recede like the bitch it is, and you’ve won. But you have to confront it first. Now tell me, what are you afraid of?”

I heard a shuddering breath, and it reached through the line and dug down at something deep inside of my gut.

“I-I’m not afraid of anything. I have to go. P-please don’t call me again.”

The click at the other end of the phone signaled that she’d hung up. That only incensed me, not at her but at whatever it was that made her fearful, distrustful of what was happening between us. Try as she might, I knew there was something powerful between us, on both our ends. I wasn’t in this shit alone. Every day I’d gone to work with her on my mind, and every night I worked up a sweat trying to push myself into an exhaustion-induced sleep. Even on the nights it did work, I’d fall into a dreamland in which she was the star. It was time to quit playing games. I’d asked nicely but I was well past the point of simply asking.

“New friend?”

I sighed and turned to my brother. “Nosey much?”

“I wasn’t eavesdropping, just seeing how your tux fitting was going.”

“I bet. What do you want, Aaron?” He stepped closer. Shorter than my six-foot-three inch body by only an inch, we stood just about shoulder to shoulder.

“You aren’t thinking of skipping out again, are you? Mother and Father nearly ruined my night last year because I had to practically send out a search party for you.”

“I was working during last year’s gala. I’m here, aren’t I?”

“Just make sure you keep it that way.”

“Why? It’s not like you’re gonna get laid after the gala anyway.” I laughed at the V that deepened in his forehead. My brother was as mean as a rattlesnake. I couldn’t imagine the unlucky woman that ended up with him, if even for a night.

“It doesn’t look good for business when one of the family isn’t present.”

“Ah,” I nodded, “business. Right. Can’t have that.” Townsend Industries, my family’s pride and joy, especially Aaron’s. It was just a business to me, a business that I’d passed up. That still pissed my brother and father off.

“Just don’t fuck up tonight,” Aaron snarled.

“You can count on me, baby brother.” I couldn’t help but laugh again at his pissed off expression. He hated when I reminded him that he was still my baby brother. Yes, only by a few months, but still younger. Aaron’s biological father was my uncle, but his parents died when he was young and my mother and father took him in, raising him as one of their four boys. He was my brother in every way, except for the DNA.

“Anyway, why do I have to attend this thing and Tyler doesn’t?” I questioned, of our absent brother.

“Tyler is on his way. He got caught up at a commercial shoot in Miami.”

I frowned. “I’m sure he did.” Tyler was the youngest of us four and he, like me, had opted out of the family business. Instead, he pursued his dreams and was an up and coming quarterback in the NFL.

“He’ll be here. As will you,” Aaron stated, strangely sounding like a warning.

But since I knew he was mean but wasn’t fucking crazy enough to threaten me, I clapped him on the back. “With bells on, baby brother. With bells on.” Chuckling, I moved past him to go back out to the area where Jinks still was so he could finish my damn tux. After I fulfilled my obligation to make my appearance at the family’s gathering, I would give Andy another call to find out everything I wanted to know about Michelle Clarke.



****

Michelle

“You look beautiful, Mama.” Diego’s brown eyes were wide and sparkling as he watched me enter the living room from the hallway.

“Thank you, baby.” I moved to the cream, flower print couch he sat on and bent down to give him a kiss. “And thank you, Ma, for telling him to say that.” I glanced over my shoulder at my mother who was sitting at the dining table sipping a cup of tea.

Her eyelids fluttered and she placed her teacup on the saucer, waving her hands at me. “I did no such thing. My grandbaby is just sweet like that,” she insisted. “But we have been working on him being a gentleman, haven’t we, Diego?”

“Yeah.” He nodded. “Boys are supposed to tell girls how pretty they look all the time,” he reiterated.

“Mama, don’t go around telling him that. You’ll have my little boy being a flirt before he reaches the third grade.”

“He’s gotta learn from somebody. His raggedy ass daddy ain’t around to teach him.

“Ma!” I yelled.

“What?” The wide, honey-colored eyes I’d inherited from her looked at me innocently.

I moved closer to her, not wanting Diego to overhear anymore. “Can you please limit your insults of his father until Diego is out of earshot? Actually, how about you just quit talking about his father period.” Lord knew I wanted to forget all about him. Thinking of Diego’s father just caused an anxiousness I hated to move through me, and that reminded me of the conversation I’d had over the phone not even an hour ago

What are you afraid of?

You! I wanted to say, but it was so much more than that, and I just couldn’t explain it all.

“Leave your hair alone. It looks fine,” my mother argued, obviously not noticing my thoughts had strayed.

I took her advice and simply patted the halo braid I’d put my hair in, leaving it alone for now.

“Do you think I look okay?” I held out my arms and did a little spin for my mother’s assessment. I wore a burgundy shift dress with short, cuffed sleeves, which was cinched in the middle by a gold belt. The dress stopped right at my knees, but what I liked about it is that this dress had pockets. Since I’d be working, I never knew what I had to carry on me, and pockets came in handy.

“You look great, just like my grandson said.”

I nodded. “Alright, it’s time I should go.” I rifled through my black leather clutch to make sure I’d placed my cell phone, gum, work information, and anything else I needed into my bag. Satisfied, I went over and gave Diego―who was transfixed on the TV―another kiss.

“Ma, don’t forget. Only let Diego watch another hour of TV, then he needs to do his reading or drawing or something else, okay?”

“Girl, get on.” She waved me out the door. “I raised you, didn’t I?”

Just barely, I countered in my head, but left it unsaid.

“We’re gonna finish this Doc McStuffins show and then Diego is going to read to me and we have a new puzzle to get started on. We’ll be fine. You have fun at work.”

I huffed. “It’s work, it won’t be too much fun.” I was helping coordinate the annual gala held by Townsend Industries. The event was always held at Townsend Manor, the huge estate where Robert and Deborah Townsend lived.

“You’ll have fun. G’nite, baby. Diego, say goodnight to your mama.”

“’Nite, Mama!” he called out, eyes glued to the television screen.

“Ma, don’t forget. One h–” She practically pushed me out the door, shutting it in my face before I could fully remind her about my one hour TV rule. I rolled my eyes and patted my hair again before heading down the hallway to take the stairs. I always tried to park closest to the exit, which is why I opted to take the stairs to and from my fourth floor apartment. I was making an effort to get in as many steps per days as possible, even though I wasn’t wearing my Fitbit.

Thirty-five minutes later, I was pulling up to the gated entrance of Townsend Manor. I needed to show a state-issued I.D., work badge, and employee pass before I was finally allowed through the gate. I was told security would be tight at this event and to bring all three with me upon arrival, or I wouldn’t be allowed in. Thankfully, I’d remembered. As soon as I parked my car, my phone started ringing. It was Nancy, my boss and owner of Save The Date Event Planners.

“I’m just getting out of my car now. Where are you?” I questioned, looking around.

“At the front entrance. We need someone to handle parking until Jason gets here.”

I glanced toward the front door and saw a frantic looking Nancy with her short, blonde locks swinging a few inches above her shoulder as her gaze bounced from left to right. Nancy always had this sort of nervous energy when we did big events. She was a perfectionist and paid attention to even the most minute details. It is what made her and this company so successful, but it also could turn her into a micromanager. Thankfully, I was just as detail-oriented as she was, and the both of us got on great.

“I’ll take it from here. I’ll ‘walkie’ you when Jason arrives,” I told her. She rushed off to tend to matters out back where the gala was to be held. I busied myself by introducing myself to the valet who’d be working that evening. We solidified the plans for where the cars were going to go and what order everything would happen in. Only a handful of staff working the event and a few top priority attendees were allowed to actually park on the property, while the other guests had to valet and walk up the entranceway. I spent the next forty-five minutes coordinating with the valet staff and talking to Nancy and a few other of my coworkers through the walkie-talkie.

“Family members entering gate,” one of the security staff alerted us through the walkie-talkie. I stood at the entrance of the front door, watching as the huge iron gate slowly opened inward and two shiny limousines with the windows blacked out pulled in one right behind the other. The chauffeurs got out and went around to pull the back doors of the limos open. A grey-haired male was the first to get out, stopping with his back to me and then turning to offer his hand to someone. The next to emerge was a woman, his wife. These were Robert and Deborah Townsend. Their pictures often lined the society pages, especially from one of the clippings that Nancy had on a whiteboard in her office. She did that often with A-list clients. The pair looked elegant, Robert towering over his wife by nearly a foot. He was in his sixties but looked at least a decade younger, even with his grey hair. Deborah was beautiful, her dirty blonde hair pulled back in a chignon, dazzling blue eyes that seemed eerily familiar. I brushed that feeling off, reminding myself I’d been staring at the woman’s picture for the better part of a month, so of course her eyes looked familiar. Robert wore a black tux while Deborah wore a long, pastel pink, off-the-shoulder gown. The pair came up the steps arm-in-arm.

“Mr. and Mrs. Townsend.” I nodded. “I’m Michelle Clarke from Save the Date. Nancy is–”

“Right here,” Nancy’s breathless voice pushed its way through and I happily stepped aside to let her greet her clients.

By the time I turned back to get a view of who was in the second limo, the passengers were already getting out. I noted four men, in my peripheral, the first was tall with dark hair and hazel eyes. He could be considered handsome … maybe even devastatingly so, if it wasn’t for the scowl marring his face. He turned his gaze on me and I felt my insides shrink back, but I maintained a steely outward façade, smiling and nodding in his direction. I turned my eyes to the person next to him and everything except my heart rate froze. The beating muscle in my chest felt like it was going to explode.

What the hell is he doing here? Wait, how did he even get … The questions circling my mind halted when he turned those blue eyes my way, and by his expression I could see he was just as shocked as I was. However, unlike me, his shock soon ebbed and gave way to undiluted satisfaction, if the slow spreading smile on his face was any indication.

My attention was torn from Carter when Mr. and Mrs. Townsend stepped past me and I had to back out of the way to let them pass.

“Mr. Townsend, I wou–”

“Thanks.” The first man I saw, standing next to Carter, held up his hand and breezed past Nancy, cutting off her introduction.

Next, I was caught like a deer in headlights when I turned to find Carter standing directly over me.

“Mr. Townsend. What a pleasure to meet you. This is my employee, M–”

“Michelle Clarke,” he said, cutting off Nancy and making my knees weak.

“Carter.” His name always came out as some sort of plea when I said it.

“You two have met?” I didn’t need to look at her to hear the curiosity in Nancy’s voice.

“C-Mr. Townsend, saved my life,” I told Nancy, remembering I was working and should be using formal titles. The glower on Carter’s face revealed his emotion. What was he upset about?

“Carter. Mr. Townsend is my father.”

I felt his grip on my hand tighten. When had he taken my hand?

“Carter, you plan on introducing us?”

I peered over Carter’s shoulder, the same one he glanced over.

“Michelle, this is Twiddle Dee and Twiddle Dumb-er,” he grumbled, turning back to me.

“Asshole.” I heard come from behind.

The two men stepped from behind Carter, flanking him. The one on the right stood about two inches shorter, with short, jet black hair and green eyes. He was just as handsome as Carter, even though their resemblance was limited to the smattering of freckles across the bridge of their nose and upper cheeks.

“I’m Joshua. Carter’s younger but much better looking brother.” He winked.

“And I’m–” My eyes went to the man on the right and I immediately recognized him.

“Tyler Townsend,” I blurted out. How could I have forgotten that the Townsends’ youngest son was one of the most talked about, young quarterbacks in the NFL? Diego had his poster on the wall in his bedroom.

Tyler’s sheepish grin spread. His red hair and beard made him stand out; coupled with his hazel-green eyes they made him look like the young playboy he was reported to me by the media. He, too, carried the freckles Carter and Joshua had.

“A sports fan?” His voice was velvety smooth but still couldn’t hold a candle to his brother’s.

“Fuck off, Tyler.”

I turned back to Carter who gave his brother a hard look.

“Beat it, you two.”

Though they snickered, Joshua and Tyler backed up and followed through where their parents and the other man had gone.

“Nancy, is it?” Carter dragged his gaze from mine to look at Nancy.

“Yes, Mr. Townsend?”

“I need to take Michelle with me.”

“Uh … well, but …”

“Just for a few.” He tugged on my hand and turned, and I had no choice but to follow. It was as if my body could do nothing else but to follow his lead. My eyes passed over a dumbfounded and confused Nancy, her facial expression mirroring my own confusion.

I found myself stepping over the threshold and into the most immaculate home I’d ever been in. And thanks to my job, I’d been in some very swanky places. This home outshone all of them, with its shiny, white-marbled floors, white columns lining the hallway, and double staircase that led to the second floor. The place looked spotless, almost like a museum.

“You’re a Townsend,” I blurted it out, looking around.

“I am. And you’re a Clarke.”

I gave him a be serious expression.

“Townsend’s just my last name.”

“And all of this?” I waved my free hand around.

He shrugged. “The home I grew up in.”

I gave a humorless laugh. “This is crazy,” I laughed some more.

“What’s crazy is how pissed I was that I had to be at this shit tonight only to discover that you’re here.”

“I’m working,” I reminded him.

Another shrug. “Either way, it’s fate, sugar.”

I shook my head, more to ward off the shiver that wanted to run through me at the sound of the pet name he’d apparently given me.

“I don’t believe in fate.”

“You don’t have to. I believe enough for the both of us. Come dance with me.”

I pulled away when he went to tug me farther into the home. “I can’t. I’m working.”

His jaw tightened and head tilted. His eyes honed in on me, darkening. “You don’t have time to dance?”

“Carter! Mother and Father are waiting on you.”

I broke away from Carter, who still remained transfixed on me, to see the scowling man from earlier.

“And that’s my asshole brother, Aaron.”

He brought my hand to his lips, brushing his lips across the inside of my palm. My eyelids fluttered and I had to fight to hold them open.

“You’ll save me a dance.”

“I can’t.”

“It wasn’t a question. Don’t try to sneak out of here either. I’ve already proven I can be very resourceful when it comes to you.”

I swallowed, remembering his call from earlier. He was indeed resourceful. Slowly he released my hand and moved away, following his brother, Aaron, out of the room. I pushed out a breath and covered my heart with my hand, trying to steady its rhythm. I shook my head and went to move to the front door to find Nancy.

“Michelle.”

Not tonight.

I turned and my worst nightmare was realized.

“What a surprise.”

I steeled myself, having to keep in mind that I was working for the second or third time that evening.

“Who is this, Gabriel?” the woman next to him asked, and nausea rolled through my belly.

“This is Michelle, Linda. One of the event planners. She’s done some work for the firm. Listen, go on ahead and say hello. I’ll be out shortly,” Gabriel said to his wife, and pressed a kiss to her cheek. More nausea.

“It’s been a long time,” Gabriel stated, turning back to me, dark eyes glittering. He took pleasure in my discomfort, I was sure of it.

“Not long enough.”

His smile dipped. “How is Diego?”

My eyes narrowed. “If you want to know how your son is doing, you should make an effort to see him,” I whispered harshly.

Gabriel’s five-foot-eleven body moved closer, his tanned, olive-toned skin darkening in anger. “If I want to see my son, I’ll come see him. In the meantime, when I ask his mother how he’s doing, I expect an answer,” he growled in my face, and not for the first time I had to resist the urge to punch him.

“He’s fine, Gabriel. I have to get back to work.” I tried to step around him but felt his hand on my arm. “You’re not dating anyone, are you?” The threat in his voice was ominous.

“You’ve pretty much made sure of that, haven’t you, Gabriel?” I snatched my arm away and stormed off toward the door, regretting that time years ago when I swore I was in love with that asshole.

I tried to focus on my work. All I needed to do was get through the evening and get home to my son where thoughts of handsome firefighters and baby daddies couldn’t intervene. At least, that’s what I told myself. The truth was, both would follow me, well past the evening.



****

Carter

I couldn’t wait to get out of that damn monkey suit.

“Looking uncomfortable, bro,” Tyler chuckled, clapping me on the back.

I shrugged him off. “Don’t touch me.”

“Someone’s panties are in a bunch,” came Joshua’s reply.

I grunted. My real brothers were just as bad if not worse than my brothers at the damn fire station. At least there I had fire accelerant to threaten them. Here, I only had my bare hands, which were lethal enough, but considering the number of people around us all, I doubted I’d be able to take both Tyler and Joshua out without being seen. Instead, I retorted with my words.

“You would know all about wearing panties, wouldn’t you, Josh?” I tilted my head, bringing my champagne flute to my lips. I heard Tyler laughing in the background but I was too busy scoping out our surroundings. Where is she? Amidst the sea of ball gowns, tuxedos, coiffed hairstyles, and shiny shoes, I hadn’t laid eyes on the one person who’d had me not regretting the fact that I’d actually shown up that night.

“Looking for someone?”

I pushed out a deep breath before rolling my eyes over to Aaron who’d just joined our group. “Yeah, looking for a fucking sedative for you.”

Aaron’s eyes shot to Tyler and Joshua on either side of him, who were snickering.

“Carter, you know damn well it would take more than a sedative for this guy to calm down,” Josh reminded us all.

He was right; Aaron was the most uptight out of us all.

“Someone has to keep the family business thriving.”

“I do my part,” Joshua spoke.

“Carter knows who I was referring to,” Aaron answered.

“Tyler doesn’t work for Townsend Industries anymore than I do, yet you don’t give him half the shit you give me.”

“Tyler’s only twenty-five. A career in the NFL lasts all of what? Ten years, maybe. Fifteen if he’s lucky.”

“Damn, thanks for the vote of confidence,” Tyler snarked.

Aaron merely turned harsh eyes on Tyler before dismissing him and returning his gaze back to me. “He’ll join Townsend upon his retirement. Joshua’s growing the real estate division by leaps and bounds, which just leaves you. The oldest brother of all of us and the one who officially shirked his responsibility to play pretend hero.”

Less than a second later, I was in Aaron’s face, while simultaneously shoving my champagne flute into Joshua’s chest for him to take it. I would need my hands free for this confrontation if necessary.

“Listen, asshole, I let you get away with a lot of shit,” I growled in my brother’s scowling face. “But don’t ever disrespect my career choices again. I’ve lived through shit you could never imagine.”

“You’re not the only person who’s lived through shit,” Aaron growled, shoving me back, which caused me to grab him by the collar.

“I will break your–”

“Hey, hey!

“Calm down!”

Tyler and Joshua whisper-called, doing their best to separate Aaron and I.

“Mother and Father are coming over. Relax, guys.”

I stared into Aaron’s angry eyes, mine just as filled with fury. He took a small step backwards and slowly I let the lapels of his tuxedo go. Both of our chests were heaving. I watched as he smoothed down the now wrinkled sides of his tuxedo jacket. I felt Tyler doing the same for my tuxedo but my eyes remained locked on Aaron.

“Play it cool, bro,” Tyler whispered just before our parents reached our group.

“It looked tense over here. Everything alright?” my mother questioned, worried blue eyes looking between her four sons.

“Fine, Mother,” Aaron responded.

“Are you sure?” she asked, placing a hand on his arm.

Aaron’s anger visibly deflated at her touch, but only marginally. He wore whatever chip he had on his shoulder twenty-four seven.

“We’re sure. Just brothers being brothers,” I stated, placing a kiss on my mother’s cheek. She grinned as she glanced up at me.

“It looked a little heavier than brothers play fighting,” my father’s stern voice spoke.

“Carter’s right, Father. We were just messing around and things got a little intense. You know how your two oldest can be.” Josh motioned his head toward Aaron and I.

My father’s brown eyes looked between Aaron and I worriedly.

“Family is always more important than business,” my father stated.

I refrained from rolling my eyes, hoping he wasn’t about to launch into one of his speeches on the importance of family.

“We know, Father,” Tyler interjected. “Without family, none of this would be possible.” Tyler spread his arms wide, looking around at the more than hundred and fifty people on our estate.

“Right. And …”

“And that’s exactly how we plan to keep it,” Joshua finished, knowing this speech like the back of his hand since we’d all been raised on some variant of it.

I narrowed my eyes at Aaron, who’d made a grunting noise.

“Here, honey, this is for you.” My mother handed Aaron a seltzer water with lime. Aaron was the only one of us who never touched alcohol. “Your speech is soon.”

“You should go prepare for that,” I urged.

“I’ve been prepared since our limo pulled through that iron gate.”

“Just like the good boy scout you are.” I held up the champagne flute I’d grabbed from the passing waiter.

The expression on Aaron’s face told me he saw the personal shot for what it was. Good.

“I, for one, can’t wait to hear it,” I stated. “But if you all will excuse me, I’ve got to take a leak.”

“Son, must you use that type of language?” my mother tutted.

“Excuse me, where are my manners? I need to use the restroom.” I placed another kiss on my mother’s cheek, nodded at my father, and turned to make my way to the bathrooms in one of the guest houses farther down on the property. I needed space, and I needed to find the only other person I wanted to occupy my time while I was at this shindig. I’d grown up attending events like this one, but it never was something I looked forward to going. The pomp and circumstance were never my thing.

I entered one of the darkened guest houses, which was unlocked, and made a beeline for the bathroom. Having spent plenty of time in every nook and cranny of this property when I was a child, I didn’t even need to turn on the lights to see where I was going. Finally relieving myself, I washed my hands and then made a plan to head out to the front of the main house where I last saw Michelle. If I couldn’t find her, I’d look for the woman, Nancy, who I was pretty sure was her boss, to ask. I was already making up some bullshit story in my head to tell Nancy about why I was looking for Michelle, when I saw a figure walking along the pier toward the lake out back. It hadn’t even registered in my mind, before my feet were moving in the direction of her.

“Hello, sugar.” I held my laughter when she started, turning to me, holding her hand over her chest.

“Carter!” she stated, breathless from her surprise. And at that moment, all I could envision was her calling out my name, breathless as she was impaled on my cock.

“I finally found you.”

Her honey brown eyes widened. “You were looking for me?”

All my life. “I told you to save me a dance.”

Her eyes fell to my proffered hand.

“Dance with me.” The sounds of the harpist that had been hired for this event were distant but could be heard.

“I’m working.”

I cocked my head to the side. “Working?”

“Y-yes.” She looked around, avoiding my eyes.

“Down here?”

“I needed to check on the guest houses.”

“Bullshit.”

She gave me a shocked look.

I stepped closer, giving her no space at all. “We don’t use the guest houses for events. They’re off limits during the galas. You weren’t working down here.”

I paused and watched as her face fell.

“I’m betting you were taking a few minutes of quiet time to yourself. Now, I can pretend I saw nothing, or I can go up to the main house, find your boss, and inform her that you were somewhere you weren’t supposed to be. How do you think that will play out?”

A thrill shot through me when a spark of anger flared in her eyes, lines forming in her forehead. “You wouldn’t.”

“I sure the hell would.”

“One dance.”

“One is all I need.” I hadn’t finished my statement before I was pulling her into my arms, bringing us to together. I didn’t miss the short sigh she let out from our bodies’ contact. I lowered my head to hover above her neck and inhaled deeply. She smelled sweet, intoxicatingly so.

“You blackmailed me,” she murmured, resting her head against my chest.

“So I did.” And I’d do it again just to keep her in my arms for the rest of the night.

I placed the hand I held on my right shoulder, and moved my hand down her forearm, up her arm, feeling the softness of her skin. My other hand went around to her lower back, pulling her in even more. Her head lifted abruptly and she gasped, looking at me.

“It’s what you do to me, sugar,” I stated coolly of the hard-on she’d obviously felt. “Every night for the last month, I’ve awakened with this problem because of you,” I confessed, taking her chin in my hand. Her mouth was slightly ajar, just begging to be taken. So that’s what I did. She inhaled at the initial intrusion of my tongue, but upon my insistence, relaxed and followed my lead into the best first kiss I’d ever experienced. I swore fireworks were going off in the background and my world tilted on its axis a little bit. I knew from the first kiss alone our first time together would be flammable.

I continued to take her mouth, relishing the feel of her lips as they moved against mine. When she moaned into my mouth, I stooped down to pick her up and carry her to the nearest bed, if we could make it that far. Unfortunately, we could not because the most annoying sound I’d heard that evening beckoned me in the distance.

“Carter!”

I growled in the back of my throat, reluctantly pulling away from Michelle’s hungry mouth, and turning to glance over my shoulder. In predictable fashion there stood Aaron at the top of the walkway, frown in place, hands in his pocket, looking on angrily.

“Oh no!” Michelle gasped, pulled away, and began to straighten out her dress.

“I’m going to fucking kill him.”

“I need to get back to work.” Michelle attempted to rush past me but was thwarted when my arm caught her around the waist. “Carter, I have to go!”

“Meet me tonight.”

She stopped struggling to look up at me, frowning.

“Tonight, after the gala, after you’re done working. Meet me here.”

“Do I have a choice?”

“No.”

She sighed. “Fine.”

Smiling, I released her from my hold. She gave me one last glance before turning and heading up the walkway.

“Hey, sugar.”

She stopped to look back at me.

“Do yourself a favor, don’t try to run. I have no trouble coming to find you.” It wasn’t a threat. I didn’t make threats. More like a promise. I eased my hands into my pockets and silently watched as she pivoted and traveled up the walkway back to where the gala attendees were having fun. I even watched as Aaron shot her a look when she passed him, then turned back to me. We both stared at one another for a few heartbeats until he finally turned and walked away. Eventually, I picked up my feet to follow along where they both had disappeared to, the only thing keeping me there was the knowledge that, that night I would be spending it with the woman who kept me wanting more.



****

Michelle

What the hell is it with me and pushy men? I thought not for the first time that night, making my way past the hanging lanterns that formed the line of demarcation between where the gala was held and the rest of the Townsend property. The estate was truly massive. I didn’t even know there was a private lake out back, until I’d stumbled upon it, while I was on a short fifteen minute break. I’d needed a moment to myself, especially after seeing Diego’s father there, cheerily dancing with his wife of twenty years. A woman who appeared to be none the wiser about what a complete jackass her husband was.

“You came.”

“Shit!” I jumped, startled. “Are you always so quiet? I had no idea you were out here,” I hissed. That was the second time I was completely caught off guard by his presence.

“Force of habit.”

“What does that mean?”

“Nothing. Drink?” He held out a glass of champagne as if we were celebrating something.

“Look, I just came to tell you that I can’t stay.”

Those blue eyes shone as he grinned. “You stayed late to tell me you couldn’t stay?”

Well, when you put it like that …

He turned and gazed out at the darkness of the lake, illuminated only by the moon and the lights behind us. I stared at his profile, drinking in every detail of his face. I even began counting the number of freckles on his face. I got up to number seven before he spoke again.

“I had my first swimming lesson right here on this pier.” He turned to me with acute eyes. “I was about four years old, and was skipping stones while my father talked business on the phone. I went to reach down to grab one of the fish I saw swim by and I fell in.” He stopped to glance at me and see if I was following him

I was.

“My father abruptly ended his conversation. I thought it was to come save me. Instead, he stood over me at the edge of the pier and told me to kick my legs. Stop fighting the water, he yelled to me. For the life of me, I couldn’t understand what the hell he was talking about. I just needed him to save me. I yelled for him to help me and he said I am helping you. He told me to let the water carry me. I did and eventually I began to float. He instructed me to kick my legs and move my arms to propel me farther. I did and was able to get back to the pier’s ladder, where he helped me up. I hated him at first for doing that shit. Ran and told my mom, who got into a huge fight with him. They stopped speaking for a week. It wasn’t until I went away to boot camp that I became grateful for his lesson. He taught me at four years old; I had whatever I needed to survive right inside of me. I didn’t need outside help,” he finished, turning toward me, and I was able to finally release the breath I hadn’t known I was holding.

“Why did you tell me that?” My voice came out just above a whisper.

“Because I want you to know everything about me. I want you to know who I am. All of me.”

I gulped the saliva that pooled in the back of my mouth.

“Let’s quit playing games, sugar.” He placed the glasses down on the small, wooden table that sat in between two chairs on the pier. He moved, coming to stand over me, staring down at me with such intensity that his gaze alone held me in place.

“You stayed because, despite your hesitation, you want this just as bad as I do. You want me just as badly as I want you. So, let’s cut through the bullshit. Are you taken?”

I drew my eyebrows together in confusion. “Taken?”

“Are you married?”

I shook my head.

“Boyfriend?”

“No.”

“Then that settles that.”

And before I could respond and tell him that no, that did not settle the matter, my face was in his hands, and his lips were on mine. My ‘no’ became all jumbled in my head, until it became a resounding yes! I wanted more of this, more of these kisses, more of him.

“Let’s take this inside,” he whispered against my lips, voice hoarse.

My belly quivered and my legs trembled, so much so, that I wasn’t sure I’d be able to walk on my own free will. I didn’t need to. With the ease and comfort of a man who never missed a gym session, Carter stooped low and picked me up into his arms. Air flew from my lungs and I stiffened, clinging to his tuxedo jacket, fearful of falling.

“Easy, sugar. I’d never drop you.”

Why did that pet name get to me so? I normally hated pet names, but Carter just made everything sound like silk off of his tongue.

“Hit that light switch for me,” he ordered, after he pushed through the door of the guesthouse.

I did so, illuminating the space. Their guesthouse was the size of my apartment and I guessed they didn’t have any six year olds running around because, like the main house, this place was spotless. It was decorated beautifully in lots of pastel pinks and blues. Carter easily strolled past the living room, down the short hall, his shoes sounding against the hardwood floors, until we entered the master bedroom. The bedroom was carpeted, and in the center stood a large bed, surrounded by four shiny wooden columns.

I found myself being lowered to the bed, and I looked up to see Carter’s face hovering just above mine. I yearned for the feel of his mouth against mine again, and he was too, by the way he stole my breath, planting me with another kiss. I opened up for his greedy entrance, lifting my hand to cup his jaw, running the tips of my fingers against the hairs of his beard. I felt myself being pushed against the mattress and in no time he was over me. I moaned when I felt his erection poking against my stomach. That made me come to a little bit, and I pulled back.

“Carter, I have to go home,” I tried.

“You don’t have a babysitter?” He nuzzled the side of my face, not moving an inch.

I hesitated. I did have a babysitter, a highly reliable one. I’d just text my mother and told her I would be in a little later than usual. She told me to stay out as late as I wanted, that she and Diego were fine. I could lie, however. Carter wouldn’t know the difference. I should’ve lied. Done the responsible thing and gotten out of there. But when I felt his massive hand move up my thigh, under my dress, and make its way into the hem of my panties, the lie wouldn’t form. What came out instead was …

“Yes.”

“Good.” And with that, my panties―the only barrier between Carter’s probing hand and my sanity―were obliterated, with one hard tug. I heard the ripping of the lace, felt the tears of the fabric against my skin, but couldn’t fully process what was happening because Carter’s tongue was back in my mouth. I moaned, and pulled at his tuxedo jacket, when I felt the first contact of one of his digits against my aching nub. He began rubbing circles against my clitoris, sending sparks through my bloodstream. When his fingers moved lower and he first entered me, I jumped at his intrusion, my back arching off the bed.

He slowly penetrated each and every one of my senses, with his insistent kisses and even more insistent probing of my nether lips. His fingers became coated with the juices that spilled from me, and his movements picked up in speed. I was panting into his mouth, unable to catch my breath. When he let his thumb return to my clit, pressing against it, I came undone. My head fell back against the bed and I felt Carter’s teeth scraping my chin. My vision failed me and I squeezed my eyes tightly, against the tsunami that was my first orgasm in a very long time.

“Better than a four alarm fire,” Carter murmured above me, as I was regaining my senses.

I couldn’t form words, so I just stared at him as he moved from the bed, ridding himself of his tuxedo jacket. His shirt was next, and in spite of the weakness I felt all over, I had to sit up on my elbows to watch the show in front of me. My mouth went dry at the vision of his chiseled chest and abs. His upper left chest was coated in dark ink, but I couldn’t fully make out the tattoo in the dimness of the room. My mouth watered at the sight of his pierced nipples, making my own nipples tingle. When he finally pushed down his pants and briefs, fully exposing his monstrous member, I gasped. I watched as he opened the wrapper of a condom he’d pulled from somewhere and rolled it down his shaft.

“Don’t move,” he growled, grabbing my left ankle.

I hadn’t even realized I’d begun backing away. It’d been three years since I’d been intimate with anyone and never had I been with anyone his size. I started shaking my head and trying to tell him that this would simply not work, but he pulled me to the edge of the bed, my dress moving upwards, exposing my now bare lower half.

I was not a virgin. I’d birthed a child, without the aid of any pain medication, thank you very much, but nothing had made me feel as exposed and vulnerable as I felt watching Carter’s eyes hone in on my sweet spot. They darkened right in front of me and the spark that was always between us became combustible.

“You’re mine,” he declared, eyes moving up my body, along with his hands. He pushed my dress up over my hips, up my belly, until his hands clasped my breast, squeezing them.

“Oooh!” I groaned, against the pleasure of his touch.

He stepped closer, pausing to stare at me, and my mouth fell open when he breached my opening with his massive rod.

“C-Carter,” I panted, voice full of fear.

“Open up for me, sugar. Let me in.”

My head thrashed against the mattress as I shook my head no. This wasn’t going to work. He was much too big, too strong, too everything for me.

“Let me in,” he ordered again, more forcefully this time. He shoved the cups of my bra down, and began squeezing and tweaking my nipples. The pleasure from his hands shot down to my groin at the same time he inched inside of me, pushing all the way until I was completely impaled on him. I lost the ability to breathe.

“Mm,” I moaned when he bent over, taking my mouth with his. I lifted my knees, wrapping them around his waist just before he moved me upwards to pull my dress up over my head, tossing it over the other side of the bed. Somehow we moved up so that both of us were on the bed, all the while, never breaking our connection at the hips, where he was still deeply imbedded in me.

He took my hands in his larger, calloused ones and pushed them over my head, leaning in for another kiss, as if he couldn’t get enough of our kisses. I felt the same way, and lifted my head to give him better access. Somewhere in the middle of the kiss, he began pulling out of me, and I screamed into his mouth when he thrust back in. The entire bed shook. Over and over again he plunged into my sacred space. He pulled back to stare at me, his eyes doing all the communication necessary. There was a promise held in those eyes. One that I didn’t want to believe or contemplate, but I couldn’t look away. He held me transfixed while he ignited a wildfire over and over with every stroke of his hips, and completed his hold over me with the looming glare in his eyes. There was a whole world of intrigue and secrets behind those eyes. One he kept pulling me into despite any resistance I tried to put up. Any defiance I may have had of this thing on my part, was annihilated with his final plunge that sent me spiraling out into oblivion. I groaned and moaned, screeching into the crook of his neck, hearing him growl into mine, as we both shook and convulsed, coming together.

It was evident that I wouldn’t be spending my night anywhere else but wrapped up in his arms.

~ Chapter Four ~

Michelle

I pushed my head into the plush pillow beneath and snuggled deeper into the sheets, my body seeking to further immerse itself in the source of warmth. I wiggled my hips, trying to seek out more of the comfort I’d felt, and right when I thought I had it, I pushed up against something hard. Very hard.

My eyes popped open and I sat up, looking around at the unfamiliar room I was in. I squeezed my eyes shut. Please let it have been a dream. Please let it have been a dream. Please let it …

“Morning, sugar.”

Nope. Not a dream. I went to turn in the direction of his voice, and the ache between my legs served as further clarification that the night before had indeed not been a dream. I turned, looking back over my shoulder, and I had to suck my lower lip into my mouth, biting it at the picture he made. Hair tousled, a new day’s worth of growth on his beard, and those laser focused eyes were all staring back at me. Add to that he wasn’t wearing a shirt, therefore displaying his very sculpted muscles and piercings, and I found myself very tongue-tied.

“What time is it?” I croaked out, my voice full of sleep and dread.

“Just after seven.”

I closed my eyes again, and then shivered when he began stroking a finger down my bare arm. That was when I remembered I also was naked in this bed.

“I have to go,” I rushed, pulling the sheets with me as I moved off the bed. I tugged it around my entire body to cover myself and to begin my search looking for my clothing from the previous night.

“What are you doing?”

Out of my peripheral I saw him look up and I heard the displeasure in his voice.

Don’t look at him. Don’t look at him. Don’t look …

I looked.

Wrong move. My entire body tingled with electricity at the sight of him completely nude and unashamed, as he sat on the bed. But he wasn’t there for long. Thankfully, just as he reached me, I found my crumpled dress on the floor by the door. I rushed over, pulling it over my head, and dropping the sheet. I spotted my purse on the nightstand by the bed and made a move to retrieve it only to be stopped by him.

“Where are you going?”

“Home.” It should’ve been obvious.

“We haven’t had breakfast yet.”

“And we’re not going to,” I retorted, not looking at him.

His hands went to circle my arms, pulling me to him.

“Carter–” I started, holding my hand between our two bodies.

“You can’t even look at me?”

The plea in his voice grabbed me.

“That’s better.”

“Carter, I really have to go.”

“Why?”

I sighed, growing irritated. “Do you remember when you told me that you wanted me to know everything about you?” I waited for his response.

“Of course.”

“Well, there’s one thing you need to know and understand about me. His name is Diego. Last night you asked if I was married or had a boyfriend. The answer is no on both accounts, but I do have someone in my life, and yes it’s a he. He is the most important thing in the world to me and I can’t … No, I won’t allow myself to be another man’s plaything, at the risk of losing my son. I have to go.”

I broke away from his grasp, retrieved my purse from the nightstand, and rushed to the door.

Don’t look back. Don’t look back. Don’t …

That time, I listened to the chant in my head and kept moving forward until I was out of the bedroom door, moving to the front door of the guesthouse. Despite my being out of his line of sight, it was as if I could feel his eyes on my back. Even as I made my way up the walkway and around the front of the property to where my car sat, it felt as if his eyes were still on me. I pushed that feeling down, instead choosing to remember that I was going home to my son, who was the most important person in my life. Nothing else mattered as long as I had him. I would use that knowledge as a band-aid over the heartache I felt driving away from Townsend Manor and Carter.



****

“Heads up, big wig coming in,” Natoi ran to my office, knocking on my door and announcing.

I frowned at her from behind my desk, and whispered, “Who?”

“Aaron Townsend, and according to the downstair’s receptionist he does not look happy.”

Oh shit!

“I wonder what happened Friday night. Nancy said everything ran smoothly. You heard anything?” Natoi questioned, obviously not picking up on my nervousness.

“No,” I went back to typing, “not a thing.” Maybe this had nothing at all to do with me.

“He’s here. Shame that man is always frowning. He would be a looker. I could wipe that frown right off his face,” Natoi giggled.

“Natoi!” I chastised.

“I’m just sayin’.”

“Get back to work. I need the layout of the McDonald event,” I swiftly reminded her, needing something to take my mind off my own anxiousness.

Natoi left and soon enough I heard footsteps coming down the hall. I turned to look out the glass window of my door and caught the dark gaze of Aaron Townsend. Nancy was already next to him, talking away as she normally did, but his eyes were on me. They narrowed as he passed my door, not leaving me until he was well past. If I had any question as to whether he was there because of what he saw occur between Carter and I, it was just answered. I wondered if it was time to begin typing up a resignation letter, or better yet, update my resume.

“Michelle, can I speak with you?” Nancy questioned, poking her head in my office about twenty minutes later.

“Yes, come in,” I stated, sitting up straighter in my chair.

“In my office,” she returned and exited, moving down the hall toward her office.

This wasn’t good.

I hurried from my office down to Nancy’s who was waiting at the door for me to enter. She closed it behind me as soon as I was inside and I just stood there, looking around her spacious corner office. Behind her desk was a wonderful view of the bridge that connected Williamsport to one of its major boroughs. I peered over at the balloons that sat on the circular cherrywood table, from an event we’d done the week prior.

“Have a seat,” she stated, in a formal voice I hadn’t heard used with me since I started working for the company nearly four years earlier. I took my seat directly across from her.

“Michelle, it has come to my attention that one of our clients was dissatisfied with your behavior at an event this past weekend.”

My eyelids lowered and my jaw tightened. I didn’t understand why she wouldn’t just say who the client was. She and I both knew she was referring to Aaron Townsend. Aside from the fact that he’d just departed her office, his event was the only one I’d worked over the weekend.

“Mr. Townsend.”

Nancy nodded. “Yes, Mr. Townsend. He stated that he caught you fraternizing with one of his family members. On company time.”

“Nancy, I know it looks bad but I can explain.” I held up my hands.

“Is it true that you were fraternizing while you were supposed to be working?”

“I was technically on a break,” I weakly defended.

“And then you spent the entire night at Townsend Manor?” She raised a perfectly arched eyebrow.

I lowered my head. Damn. He found out about that, too.

“I don’t have to tell you how unprofessional this looks. Not only for you, but for Save The Date Event Planners as well. When we take on a job, our clients expect the utmost in professionalism. That is why a high-profile client like Townsend Industries comes to us in the first place.”

“Nancy, I know, and I am so sor–”

She held up her hand and my stomach dropped. I was not about to lose it here in this office, but it felt dangerously close to the edge. I was about to lose my job, a job that I loved over a stupid mistake. Couple that with the fact that I’d probably be blackballed in the event planning industry because that’s how powerful types like the Townsends worked, and I’d never work in this capacity again.

Nancy shook her head. “I am disappointed in your behavior, Michelle.”

“I know,” I murmured.

“Mr. Townsend was all but adamant that I let you go.”

I grabbed my stomach. “I understand,” I stated, getting ready to stand and walk out while I still had some dignity intact.

“Luckily, I was able to convince him that you were one of my best employees.”

My head lifted.

“I am not letting you go. You have proven your loyalty to this company over the four years you’ve worked here. I will, however, have to demand that you take the rest of the week off, without pay.”

I wanted to protest, tell her that wasn’t fair, but after being scared that I was losing my job, a short suspension without pay sounded better. I knew it wasn’t easy for Nancy to go against Aaron Townsend’s initial request. To say the man was intimidating would be an understatement.

“I understand. Thank you, Nancy.”

She nodded her head, giving me a disappointed look. “Take this time to think about where you stand, Michelle. You have been a model employee up until this point and I’d hate to see this incident leave a mark on your career.”

I caught her subtle warning. Don’t let it happen again.

“I will,” I assured her, standing. She nodded and I high-tailed it out of her office before she changed her mind. I made a beeline for my much smaller office, grabbing my purse and my work laptop to keep in touch with my assistant over the week. I would be off but I could still be helpful. In the meantime, I let the anger I felt bubbling up inside of me propel me out the main office with my head held high. Once I made it to my car in the building’s garage, I made a decision. I wasn’t the only one who was going to get reamed out over what happened Friday night.





~ Chapter Five ~

Carter

“Good job out there today, Carter.” Sean extended his hand to give me five and I smacked my palm to his, pulling one another in for a half hug to say job well done. We’d just come back from a grueling four alarm fire at an abandoned building. It was a spot that alot of drug addicts used to get high on all sorts of shit, especially heroine. Sometime during the night a fire started, and with all the combustible paraphernalia inside, the place went up quickly. At last count, we had pulled out three bodies, but we hadn’t lost any firefighters so I still considered it somewhat of a win. Anytime we all made it back to the station alive, it was a good day.

“I need a fucking shower.” It was only a little after ten in the morning, but we’d been working all night, and I still had another eight hours of my shift.

“I hear you. You smell like shit.”

“And smoke!” Don, called out after Sean.

I tossed both of them the middle finger and grabbed my belongings to head to the shower. I scrubbed myself clean, and inevitably, the memory of Friday night with Michelle came back to mind, as it always did during my quieter moments. It’d been two days since I’d let her walk away from me. Not because that was it but because I knew she needed to get back to her son. She’d also said something that caught my attention and I made sure to store it away for future questioning. Andy was already on the case for me, to find her physical address.

I dried off, put on a clean uniform, and placed my belongings back into my locker. I was just tucking in my Williamsport Fire Department T-shirt into my navy blue slacks when Corey burst through the door.

“What’s up?” I asked.

“Apparently, you’re what’s up.”

I gave him a quizzical look.

“Michelle’s here to see you and she looks pissed. What’d you do to her?” he called behind me because I was already shoving him out of the way and moving to the door to get to her.

“You’re getting as bad as Donnie with your women problems,” I heard him say behind me, but I didn’t have time to address his bullshit just then. There was a more important person who obviously needed to see me, as well.

I came down the metal steps into the squad’s lounge area to see a pissed off looking Michelle, standing in front of the door, arms folded. She didn’t see me at first, giving me time to survey her. She looked good, in a pair of black slacks that were just loose enough to be considered professional, with a light green peplum top that cinched in her waist, flaring at the hips to show off her shapely figure without being lewd. Her hair was in a high bun and my fingers twitched wanting to mess it up and run themselves through her hair.

“Michelle.”

She turned sharp, slanted eyes in my direction. A wiser man wouldn’t get too close, but I’d lost all good sense wherever she was concerned.

“Don’t touch me!” she hissed at me when I reached for her hand.

Instead of backing up, I advanced on her even more. “What’s wrong?” I asked, calmly.

Her lips parted, but instead of answering she looked over my shoulder. I turned to see what caught her attention and found Corey, Sean, and Don were milling around the kitchen door, eavesdropping, pretending they weren’t. Assholes.

“Fuck them,” I stated turning back to her. “What’s wrong?”

“What’s wrong?” Her eyes ballooned. “I’m not putting on a show for another group of people. Can we discuss this outside?” She didn’t wait for my response.

I followed her out the door, making sure to close it tightly behind me so the morons I worked with couldn’t overhear.

“Talk to me.” I pulled her hand to me once we were in the parking lot. “What’s wrong?”

She quickly snatched it away. “You! You’re what’s wrong. My life was going well enough and now because of you, I almost lost my job.”

I blinked.

“Oh, you didn’t know? Your brother came to my office early this morning to demand that my boss fire me because of what he saw Friday night. And he knew that I spent the entire night on your parents’ property. Do you know how embarrassing that is? My boss looked at me with such disappointment. My one saving grace is that she refused to fire me, instead giving me a week suspension without pay.”

The more she spoke the hotter my anger grew. I am going to wrap my bare hands around his neck and squeeze until there is no more life in his body. That’s how incensed I became at hearing Michelle recount what my brother had done.

“... I’m leaving!” were the last words I heard her speak when she presented me with her back, but I couldn’t let her go.

“I said don’t touch me!” she shouted.

“I can’t help it,” I stated, refusing to let go of her arm. “Please, just calm down and listen.” I waited for her to stop struggling in my arms. “I had no idea Aaron was going to do that. None. If I had, he would’ve never got the chance.”

“It doesn’t matter. What’s done is done. Just leave me alone.”

“Not happening,” I declared. “You should know me better than that by now. There is no letting you go. Not for me. I will handle Aaron.”

She looked at me with skeptical eyes.

“You have the rest of the day off?”

She nodded.

“Stay here.”

“What?”

“At the fire station. Don’t go anywhere until I get back.” I was already pulling her back to the entrance of the firehouse.

“Sean!” I called.

Sean’s dark head popped out from the kitchen.

“Michelle’s going to remain here with you guys until I get back. I have to run an errand. Family matter,” I answered the confused look he gave me. “Just make sure she doesn’t leave.” I pointed at him. “And keep her away from Don!” I added, turning eyes on a stunned Michelle before turning and slamming the door behind me.

Each passing second saw me growing more and more pissed. I mounted my bike, not even worrying about my helmet. My only motive was to get to my brother, and even the knowledge that I wanted to put my fist through his face didn’t stop or scare me. Townsend Industries was completely on the other side of the city. On a good day, it should take at least thirty minutes to get there from the station in all the Williamsport traffic. I made it there in under twenty minutes. I parked in the underground parking garage that was strictly reserved for the family, and made a beeline for the elevator, punching in the code that would allow it to go directly to the thirtieth floor. I hadn’t been to my family’s business in so long I wasn’t sure whether or not the code had been changed, but when the elevator began moving without any problem, I realized that wasn’t the case.

The elevator doors parted and I stepped off into a glass partition that separated the lobby of the top floor from the areas where the five administrative staff members on this floor worked. I looked around while pushing through the office doors. The normal sounds of business rattled the air, people talking, the keys of keyboards clicking, the flat screen televisions that hung in the opposing two corners of the office were on a low volume to a twenty-four hour business news channel. I took all of this in, in just under two seconds, and I breezed past the male assistant who smiled and attempted to greet me.

“Hello, can I help–”

That was a much as he got out before I barged through the closed door that read “Aaron Townsend, CEO.”

“What the fuck is your problem?” I demanded, turning cold eyes on my brother, who was evidently in a meeting.

Three heads turned, stunned at my intrusion, but I wasn’t fazed. Coincidentally, neither was Aaron, he coolly turned in my direction from the foot of his long conference table. The fucking schmuck had a damn conference table in his own office. Whenever possible, make your competitors come to you ― one of the mottos our father taught us growing up in running a business. Aaron obviously took it all to heart.

“You’ll have to excuse my brother, gentlemen,” he stated, giving me a flat look.

“They don’t have to excuse shit. You need to explain what the hell you think you were doing this morning,” I demanded.

Aaron stood, buttoning his suit jacket, and I moved closer, fists clenched.

“Get out,” he ordered with a wave of his head. But he wasn’t talking to me, he was looking at the three men he’d been meeting with. I wasn’t sure if they were employees or outside partners. I also didn’t give a shit either. Townsend Industries wasn’t my business, but Michelle Clarke was. Even if she hadn’t come to realize it yet. And Aaron had fucked with what was mine.

“I assume that woman came running to you.” The boredom in his tone made me see red.

“Look,” I growled, grabbing him by the lapel of his suit jacket, “you shameless, scarred son of a bitch.” I smiled sinfully, narrowing my eyes when his own eyes sparked angrily at my comment. I’d hit him in the gut with my scarred reference. “I don’t give a fuck what your job title is. I don’t give a shit that Father put you in charge of this entire company. I do give a shit that you think it wields you some ability to affect the people I care about.”

“The people you care about?” he huffed, pushing at my chest.

I freed him, only to put some distance between us. I was ready to take his head off.

“We’re your goddamn family!” He wasn’t yelling, but was damned close to it. “Have you no shame? Sleeping with a woman who was our damn event planner at Mother and Father’s house no less?”

“It’s none of your goddamned business!” I yelled.

“That’s what you want to believe, isn’t it? That whatever you do is nobody’s business, but your own.”

I peered at Aaron’s darkened gaze, his chest rising and falling with his harsh breaths.

“If you have something to say, get it off your chest,” I growled.

“You may think your life is your own but it’s not! Who was the one here comforting Mother and Father when you were off at fucking war?”

“So this is about you? As usual, it’s all about poor Aaron.”

“Spare me your pity, big brother.”

“Don’t worry; My pity is the last thing you’ll be getting. What you will be doing, however, is calling … no, stopping by Michelle’s company and telling her employer how wrong you were about her. How you should’ve never brought up the subject at all, and what a wonderful employee she was.”

He let out a humorless laugh. “In what dream world are you living in?”

“The one in which I kick your ass all over this office if you don’t, and then call a board meeting and use my twenty-five percent ownership in this company to put up a vote on whether to vote you out as CEO.” This wasn’t an idle threat. Aaron knew it by the keen look he gave me. I never mentioned my twenty-five percent equity in Townsend Industries. Didn’t need to. But as a Townsend I was born into this legacy, and at that moment I would use my birthright to fuck over my brother in any way I could, if he wasn’t prepared to make right what he’d fucked up.

“You son of a bitch,” he growled, looking like he was ready to charge me.

“Takes one to know one.” I gave him another smile that conveyed the joy I was now taking in seeing his discomfort. I knew chances were slim that the board would actually oust Aaron as CEO, but if I brought it up, it was something that had to be addressed and would cost Aaron an immense amount of stress. Truth was, Aaron was good as hell at his job. As if he was born to run this company. The same way I’d been born to put out fires and save lives. But as with anything, he had enemies who wouldn’t hesitate to attack if they smelled blood in the water.

“You’re serious about this woman?” His voice was low as he questioned me.

“When’s the last time I’ve been to Townsend Industries?”

He lowered his head as if pondering my question. Behind him, I saw the backdrop of the Williamsport skyline through the huge floor to ceiling windows of the corner office, which provided substantial natural light.

He finally nodded. “I thought you would’ve forgotten about those fucking shares by now,” he commented.

“You wished I would’ve. I’d have nothing to hang over you. Aside from my ability to kick your ass.”

His eyebrow spiked. “I kicked your ass sophomore year.”

“Doesn’t count. I had the fucking flu.”

“You were healed.”

“I hadn’t eaten in four days and you snuck up on me,” I retorted.

Aaron rolled his eyes and turned his back to face out the window.

“The only time you come up to Townsend Industries in three years is over a woman.”

“Her name is Michelle.”

He turned back to me, eyeing me as if inspecting me for my seriousness on the matter. That began to piss me off again. I didn’t explain myself to people. The only reason I was doing it here was because we were family.

“You care about her?”

I tilted my head. “You ask that like it’s a fucking impossibility.”

“I’ve only seen you serious about two things in the last ten years. The Army and firefighting.”

“Well, add number three to the list. Michelle Clarke.”

“I’ll give her boss a call.” He waved his hand as if dismissing me, but that wasn’t good enough.

“No,” I stepped into his face, “go see her. Make her understand how wrong you were, little brother.”

“I’m a busy man, I don’t have time to–”

“But you made time this morning. Do it again.”

Aaron’s jaw tightened and he looked like he was really weighing whether he could take me down.

“I wouldn’t make that bet if I were you,” I warned.

“I’m a betting man,” he retorted.

“In this business. But not in my line of business. You don’t want to test me on this, Aaron.”

“So I see.” He nodded and turned his back again.

I didn’t bother with him any further. Aaron was an asshole for the most part, but he understood when to not push me. If my visit to Townsend Industries alone didn’t get his attention, my threat about bringing him to the board would. I didn’t make idle threats and he knew it.

I pivoted on my heels and backtracked out of his office, slamming the door shut. The three men who’d been in the office when I first charged in were sitting in the waiting chairs off to the right, patiently waiting to be summoned back in. Seconds later, I heard a door open and Aaron’s voice barking out orders. I grinned to myself when I heard him tell his assistant to order a car to take him downtown this afternoon, as I pushed through the glass doors. I punched the button for the elevator and turned back to see the three men filing back into Aaron’s office. He gave me one final stern look and I tossed him a wink.





~ Chapter Six ~

Carter

“Where the fuck did she go?” I growled, staring between Don, Eric, and Sean. The three bozos looked at me dumbfounded. Sean had one job. One. Fucking. Job.

“We came back from our call and she was gone,” Sean spoke up, shrugging.

“I told you not to let her leave.” I gave him a hard stare, sliding my hands in my pockets because they were getting that itchy feeling that overcomes me right before I put my fist through something.

“Don’t worry, Carter,” Don spoke, slapping his hand to rest on my shoulder. “She’s not the first woman Sean’s run off with his ugly ass mug. There’ll be other fish in the sea.”

“First of all, Donnie–” I began, smacking Don’s hand off me.

“Don,” he interrupted, agitated at the use of the nickname he hated.

“I don’t give a shit, Donnie. You’ll be the second brother I put my hands on today over that woman.”

Even Don, who was the station’s known prankster, looked at me in shock and then a stern seriousness. I eyed him back until I heard chuckling from Eric’s direction.

“Something funny?”

“All that shit talking you were doing when I was dating Angela is coming back to bite you in the ass. I’m just glad I’ve got a front row seat.” He chuckled some more, and I cracked my neck, which made Sean and Don join in on the laughing.

“Fuck all of you,” I growled, walking away, pulling out my phone from my pocket. I frowned when I saw that I had no messages or missed calls. I had so much pent-up anxiety in me that I needed a release. I prayed for another fire or something to pass the time over the next few hours of my shift. Thankfully, God answers prayers, because moments later, as I was at my locker checking my phone, the station’s alarm sounded.

I grabbed my gear, stepping into my suspenders and tossing my fire protectant jacket halfway on, knowing I’d finish getting dressed after I slid down the pole. My boots hit the station’s hardwood floors with a thud and I was running toward the truck.

“Power outage at a senior living facility. Reports of at two people trapped in an elevator,” Eric told me as I piled into the driver’s side. This was a small job, so it was Eric, myself, and Corey bringing up the rear. Once I heard the door in the back shut and Corey give the okay, I tapped the outside of the truck and we were on the move.

It took less than ten minutes to get to the four story apartment building that housed residents who were fifty-five and older. There was a power outage all up and down the main highway that the apartment building sat on. There’d been a car accident farther down, and a car spun out, hitting a pole. Another squad had responded to that call, but now we were dealing with the mess caused by the power outage.

“‘Medics on standby?” I questioned Eric as we exited the rig.

He nodded. “Dispatch says they’re trapped on either the second or third floors.”

“Oh shit!” Corey grunted, causing Eric and I to look up.

I noticed three women who appeared to be in their sixties or seventies standing outside the building. They were grinning in our direction.

“Rock, paper, scissor?” Corey demanded.

“None. I’m lieutenant. I make the calls,” Eric retorted.

“That’s fucked up,” I told Eric. “Rock, paper, scissor, shoot!” I tossed out my hand in a scissor position to catch Corey off guard but he was a hair quicker that time. He’d thrown out a fist for the rock, thereby breaking my scissors.

“Good luck, man,” he stated, laughing.

“I got your luck,” I ground out.

“We’ll check the sides of the building,” Corey laughed, following Eric back to the rig. Assholes.

“Hello, ladies. How’re you all doing today?” I asked, giving them a dazzling smile.

“Ohh, we’re a lot better now,” one of the women spoke up.

“Glad to hear it. Generator not working?” I questioned, passing them.

“No! But I can show you where the elevators are,” a second woman answered, taking my arm in hers, and blinking her eyelashes at me. I moved forward but looked back at Corey and Eric, amusement all over their faces as they saw my dilemma. We’d made a number of runs to this building for different reasons and … well, like most women who saw firefighters, these elderly ladies turned it all the way on when it came to flirting. Whoever said that you lose it once you hit your sixties, obviously hadn’t been dressed in firefighter gear in an apartment building full of elderly women, most of whom were widows.

“Thank God! My friends are trapped.” A short man in his sixties came up to me. “They’ve been screaming that it’s dark in there.”

I pulled out my flashlight, since the entire hallway was nearly pitch-black save for the flashlights of the residents. I heard the sounds of the trapped residents the closer I got. Scanning the outside of the elevator to make sure there was no obvious damage, I lowered the crank I’d brought in with me to pry the doors open. I would have to wait until the doors were open to see where exactly the shaft had gotten stuck. Hopefully it wasn’t in between floors and the elevator would be there with the residents once I got the doors undone.

“He’s so strong.”

“Look at those muscles.”

“Handsome thing he is.”

I chuckled to myself at the sounds of the women behind me. Instead of just the original three from outside, a larger crowd had gathered, in part due to residents coming out of their apartments to see what was going on. I ignored the banter of those around me, working to free the trapped residents. By the sounds of the voices they sounded like they were doing okay in there, but that could change at any moment, given the circumstance. I didn’t know the age or health of the two people inside.

“Oh, thank God!” The first man praised, hand raised in the air when the doors pushed open.

The second man moved out, yelling, “I was stuck in there for an hour!”

“Are you gentlemen okay?” I questioned.

“No, I’m not alright. This building is a piece of crap. As much as we pay in rent!” I stepped out of the way as one of the men went toward one of the building’s administrative staffers.

“Two males, free from the elevator,” I stated into my walkie-talkie. “Going to check the rest of the elevators just in case,” I told Eric when he came back over the line.

“Don’t get caught in there too long. Might not make it out,” Corey laughed into the line.

“Fuck you, Sanders,” I retorted.

“No thanks, but maybe I’ll see if that pretty, thick thing you had at the station is available.”

My entire body stiffened at the rage that rolled through me. I squeezed the walkie in my hand so tight I heard a small cracking sound.

“Corey, if you value for your fucking life, you’ll never say anything like that again.” My voice was deadly calm. I’d used that same voice countless time while serving my country. Right before I ended another man’s life. It wasn’t a practiced voice. It just came out whenever this feeling came over me.

“Shit,” I heard Eric curse into the walkie.

I didn’t have time to analyze my feelings that moment. Instead, I went back to what I was doing in the apartment, letting my feet carry me around the corner to the next set of elevators to make sure no one was trapped in those. After checking a few more doors and the rooms where the trash was kept just to make sure no one had gotten stuck in those, I emerged from the building. Eric and Corey were waiting for me, standing at the sides of the rig. Both eyed me warily.

“All clear,” I grunted, tossing the equipment into the bottom of the truck in the compartment where we kept it.

“Ready to roll?” Corey asked, sizing up my mood, no doubt.

I nodded and went to climb in the passenger seat. Once inside, I felt something vibrate in my pants. I lifted to pull out my phone. It was a text message from Andy.

Andy: 123 Lennoxville Rd. Apt.320.

I grinned. Short, sweet, and to the point.

“Hey, Carter, you know I didn’t mean that shit, right? We always joke,” I heard Corey yell from the back of the rig as I continued to stare at Michelle’s address in my phone.

“Don’t joke. Not about her,” I returned, not even turning back.

“Shit,” I heard Corey say at the same time Eric chuckled. “You’re worse than Eric was with Angela.”

I peered to my left and caught Eric looking at me as we pulled up to a stop light.

“He’s got a point.”

I rolled my eyes, shrugging, and moved back to stare out the window. I wasn’t about to explain myself or my actions to anyone. Not to my blood family, and not even to the men I walked into fire with everyday.



****

I rapped at the wooden door with the metallic numbers that read “320” on the outside. I was tempted to cover the peephole with my finger so she wouldn’t see who was at the door, but then I thought better of it. She might be more hesitant to open the door if she didn’t know who it was. I hoped she wasn’t still as pissed as she was the day before, although I could’ve dealt with that, too. Seeing her pissed off sort of turned me on a little. Okay, a hell of a lot. But after I got a text message from Aaron early this morning that he’d spoken with Nancy, Michelle’s boss, and got her to rescind the week-long suspension, I knew it was time to make my appearance at her door.

“Who is it?”

I watched the peephole darken as she looked through. I took a step back so she could see my face. I heard a tiny gasp on the other side, and the door abruptly opened.

“Are you a stalker or something?” she demanded.

I was too caught off-guard to answer, staring at her voluptuous body in the dark red silk robe she wore, which stopped a few inches above her knees. She tightened her robe around her body when she caught me staring at the exposed cleavage. I finally raised my eyes to her bare face. No makeup, clear caramel skin with cheekbones that looked like they could cut glass, towel over her head … she was perfect in every way.

“Morning, sugar.”

She frowned. “Are you a stalker?”

“I can be for you.”

She rolled her eyes. “Be serious.”

“I am serious. But to answer your question, no. However, you left the station yesterday before I returned. I asked you not to leave.”

“You demanded that I not leave.”

I gave a one shoulder shrug. “Po-tay-toe. Po-tot-toe. I see you’re readying yourself for work.” It was a little after seven in the morning. I had a hunch she’d be up already getting ready for the day.

Her honey eyes widened. “What’d you say to my boss to get her to change her mind?”

“I didn’t say anything to her.” I brought the coffee cup I held to my lips while holding out my other hand for her. “Coffee?”

She eyed the bag warily before looking back up at me.

“The orange juice is for your little guy. There are four donuts inside. You like the place not too far from the station, right?” I’d stopped at the donut shop she’d bought donuts for the station. I remembered her saying they were her favorite.

“You remembered?” Her brows dipped as if she couldn’t believe such a thing.

“I remember every word you’ve told me thus far.”

Her eyes widened again, and she pulled her bottom lip into her mouth.

I groaned. “Sugar, you really shouldn’t do that. Not if you want to make it to work on time.” Memories of the previous Friday night when I’d pulled that very same lip into my own mouth assailed me and I felt myself harden in my jeans. That along with seeing the outline of her heavy breasts in the robe, her protruding hips, and the curves of her exposed legs were too much for even a man of my strength to resist. She sucked in air when I moved closer, lowering my head to hers. But just before my lips were able to make the contact, a sound startled the both of us.

“Mommy.”

The door widened and a little boy with sun-kissed skin and dark curly hair stood, looking up at Michelle, in a pair of superman pajamas, rubbing his right eye.

“Diego,” Michelle called, standing erect, and gazing down at her son. His eyes were now trained on me, staring.

“Are you a firefighter?” he questioned. “Is there a fire?” His dark eyes glittered in awe, wiping away the sleep that was there just moments ago.

I knelt down, getting to his eye level. “I am a firefighter, but I’m not here on any official work business. I’m a friend of your mommy’s.”

He eyed me up and down, digesting my work T-shirt that prominently displayed the name of my fire department and station house.

“Do you ride in the big truck?”

I grinned at the wonder that filled his voice and nodded. “Yes. I do.”

“Is it loud in there?”

“It is.”

“Are fires sc–”

“Diego, baby, go back inside and use the potty and brush your teeth so we can get ready for school.”

“Mom–” he started to whine, but he stopped short at the look his mother gave him.

I chuckled as I stood, watching his little face frown up as he retreated back inside.

“You’ve got that whole mom look down.”

“Six years of practice, plus the years I spent babysitting neighborhood kids before I had him,” she retorted turning back to me.

“It’s paid off, I see.”

It went silent for a little while, as we both stared at one another.

“I have to get ready for work and get Diego to school.”

“You haven’t taken your donuts yet.” I held out the holder that held the two drinks and the bag of donuts. When she went to reach for it, I circled my other hand around her wrist, pulling her to me.

“Wha–”

“Have dinner with me.”

She didn’t resist or pull away, instead staring up at me. She shook her head, a small, hesitant smile opening up on her lips.

“This is crazy,” she stated just above a whisper.

“I’ll agree to that.”

“This can’t be normal. I shouldn’t … this shouldn’t be so much so soon.”

I knew what she meant. We’d barely met a month ago under some pretty dire circumstances. Hadn’t even been out on an official date but I’d already drawn the line in the sand with my two distinct families where she was concerned. Yes, it was too much too soon, but that was how I lived my life. Either both feet in, or none at all.

“Sugar, you should realize by now that where you and I are concerned, there is no normal.” I ran my thumb up and down the soft inside of her wrist just before I brought it to my lips. “You’re a sight for sore eyes first thing in the morning.”

Her head lowered. “I just got out of the shower. I look a mess.”

“Fresh out of the shower or fresh out of a deep sleep with your hair messy spread out over a pillow, you look like my dreams turned reality.”

Her eyes bulged. I was remembering what she looked like when she woke up first thing in the morning. I’d watched her as she slept, mouth partially opened, tiny snores coming from her mouth. Heat began to spread over my entire body. I hadn’t had her nearly enough that one night and I was starting to think that even a lifetime together wouldn’t be enough.

“How did you get my boss to end the suspension?” she asked, changing the subject.

“Had a friendly conversation with my brother.”

She pulled back to give me a doubtful look. “There’s nothing friendly about your brother. Not Aaron, at least.”

I gave her a half-grin. She’d assessed my brother perfectly. I brought her knuckles to my lips, kissing them. “You’re right about that, but I was able to get him to see things my way.”

“How?”

“You don’t have to worry about the how. Your job is safe and he won’t be bothering you again on the matter. Have dinner with me. Are you free tomorrow night?”

“I have Diego.” She glanced over her shoulder at the partially opened door.

“Can you find a sitter? I won’t keep you out all night,” I promised. I saw the moment she decided. Her eyelids fluttered a little and her eyes sparkled at the decision she’d made.

“Yes.”

“I’ll pick you up at six o’clock.” I bent down and stole a quick kiss from her lips. I’d teased myself enough with putting my lips on her wrist and hand. I needed the real thing. “Any type of cuisine you like or don’t like in particular?”

“I hate Italian.”

“Noted.” I nodded and reminded her, “Six o’clock. Here.” I finally let her wrist go and she took the donuts and drinks from me. “Go inside.” I nudged with my head. I stepped back and watched as she turned and moved back inside the door. I marveled at the plump outline her ass made in the robe. My fingers itched, but not for violence that time. They longed to feel the softness of her ass once again.

In due time, I promised myself, turning to the end of the hallway to take the stairs back down to the street level where I had parked my bike. I was already compiling a list of places I wanted to take her the following night.



****

Michelle

This was a mistake. What the hell was I doing going on an actual date? It’d been so long since I’d been on a date. I didn’t know what to wear or say. It was dumb to be that nervous, I knew that, but the tension I always felt just being around Carter, combined with the fact that I knew I shouldn’t even be going on said date in the first place, was almost too much. I didn’t date because Diego’s father had seen to it that I wouldn’t. It was his sick way of keeping control over me, even though he had a wife and three adult children in his “real” life. There’d been men in the past few years that I wanted to get to know, wanted to date, but I’d easily turned them down when the threats made by Gabriel resurfaced in my mind. Now, here I was, standing in front of my full-length mirror, wearing a low cut electric blue dress that stopped at the floor but was open in the front, showing off my legs. I paired the dress with my grey suede over-the-knee boots because why the hell not? I dressed up often for work events, but rarely had I had the ability to dress up for a fun night out that wasn’t work related. It felt good to wear something nice for me. I pushed the insecurities and fears I had regarding Diego’s father to the back of my mind. I wasn’t going to let him ruin my evening. Besides, he barely made contact with me anymore, save for the occasional run-in, such as Friday night. Maybe he was over bullying me.

I frowned in the mirror, not believing my own thoughts, but not ready to call this date off with Carter.

“Mama, what do you think?” I questioned, emerging from my bedroom and coming into the kitchen where she was fixing Diego a plate of spaghetti. I fluffed the wand curls I’d put in my hair and they fell around my shoulders.

My mother’s face, which I saw every morning when I looked into the mirror, wrinkled when she smiled. “You look stunning, daughter. Diego, doesn’t Mommy look stunning?” she gushed.

“Very pretty, Mommy,” Diego yelled from the dining area.

“Thank you both.” I rushed to the table to grab my purse from the table, and just as I did a loud knock sounded at the door. Butterflies fluttered in my belly.

“Who’s that, Mama?” Diego questioned, eyes wide looking at the door.

“No one. Mama, can you take him down the hall, please?” I looked over at my mother, anxiously. Carter had already met Diego but I didn’t want to make a habit out of it. It was bad enough that I was confused about what was happening between me and this man I barely knew. I didn’t want Diego to get caught up in that. Unfortunately for me, I got too caught up in my thoughts and my mother was too slow to catch Diego as he dashed over to the door, pulling it open.

“Diego!” I yelled.

“You’re the fireman!” he said excitedly, looking up at Carter. My eyes followed Diego’s and something moved through me when I saw him standing there. He stood there smiling down at Diego. His lips were moving but I couldn’t hear a word he said because I was too busy soaking in how damn good he looked. He wore a simple button-up, light blue top, teal pants, and accessorized it with brown shoes and a matching belt. He looked like he belonged on the pages of GQ.

“He’s cute.”

I looked over to my right to see my mother smiling in Carter’s direction.

“… and when I ride in the truck can I wear a hat?” I heard the tail end of Diego’s question which propelled me into action.

“Diego, tell Mr. Carter goodnight,” I instructed my son, pulling him by the arm to hand him over to my mother.

“Okay,” he grumbled. “G’night, Mr. Carter.” Diego waved and I heard my mother mention something about his dinner. By then Carter’s eyes were transfixed on me. The blues of his irises sparkled and I had to swallow the lump in my throat at the way his gaze roved over me.

“You look like–”

“If you say I look like your dream again, I’m slamming the door in your face.”

The deep rumble of his laugh wrapped around me like a full-on hug and I found myself gliding even closer to him as if he were pulling me in. And he was.

“You look fantastic, sugar.” He pulled my hand to his mouth, kissing my knuckles. I was awestruck at how affectionate he always was.

“Thank you,” I answered, eyelids fluttering at the pet name he’d dubbed me with yet again.

“Ready to go?”

I nodded.

“Bye, Mr. Carter!” Diego shouted from the dining room table, mouth full of his food.

“Goodnight, Diego.” Carter waved.

I quickly shut the door behind me after blowing Diego a kiss.

“I decided on Japanese for dinner. That alright with you?” He pressed the button for the down elevator before turning back to me for confirmation.

“I love sushi,” I answered, and then shivered when he reached back, placing his hand at my lower back as I stepped onto the elevator. As soon as the doors closed, my breath was stolen from me, when he moved to cup my face, pulling me into a powerful kiss. The purse I held slipped from my hands. I gripped his waist, steadying myself at the onslaught of his affection. His tongue moved over mine and I moaned into his mouth. I felt something hard and cool at my back and realized I was pressed against the wall of the elevator. Carter took his fill of me and I gave it all to him, unable to control my growing need.

Much too quickly he pulled away, still framing my face with his hands. “I couldn’t greet you the way I wanted to in front of your family.” He placed another quick kiss to my lips and the elevator doors slid open.

“I’m glad you didn’t,” I mumbled. My mother nor Diego needed to see the way he kissed me, nor did I want them to see the completely dazed expression I saw on my own face as we passed the mirrors hanging on the wall directly in front of the elevators. “This is crazy,” I sighed, following closely behind Carter, my left hand tucked firmly into his right.

He glanced over his shoulder. “We’ve already established that, sugar.”

I shook my head, laughing lightly. We passed through the doors of my apartment building’s lobby to exit and directly in front of the door was a metallic colored GMC Denali. It was a huge car and I didn’t have to question who the owner was. My instincts were proved correct when Carter pulled his keys out of his pocket, pressing the unlock button and then holding the door open for me. He took my hand to help me step up in the vehicle and then closed the door.

“Do you eat Japanese regularly?” I questioned as we pulled off for the restaurant.

“On occasion. Mostly I grab whatever’s available at the station house.”

“You don’t cook?” I laughed when he made a face. “I should’ve known.” He probably grew up with all types of housekeepers and nannies and personal chefs. Of course he didn’t cook.

“I hate cooking for myself.”

“Of course you do. Can you even boil a pot of water?” I teased.

He glanced at me out of the corner of his eye and I resisted the urge to reach across the center console and run my hand across his beard.

“My mother made sure all her boys knew how to cook.”

I leaned back, surprised. “Seriously?”

“Oh yeah.” He nodded. “She said she didn’t want any lazy ass sons who only dated a woman because she knew how to cook and clean. And she didn’t want us to have to hire chefs and house cleaners because we didn’t know how to do shit for ourselves. It was a waste of money in her eyes.”

My brows dipped as I frowned. “How is that even possible? I saw your mother Friday night. She looked like the epitome of high-class and wealth who wouldn’t dare to have their children touch a dirty pot or pan.” I slapped my hand over my mouth after my statement, feeling ashamed of my judgmental comments.

“Looks can be deceiving, sugar. My mother wasn’t always wealthy. She grew up poor as hell. Her family is from the Appalachian Mountain region. Dirt poor. Hell, dirt poor’s a step up for where she came from.”

“Wow,” I stated, completely overcome by his honesty. I leaned my elbow against the console, resting my chin in my hand, giving him my complete attention. He continued to talk a little more about his mother and how she worked hard to go to school, studying mathematics at the university where she eventually met Robert Townsend.

We made it to the restaurant in about twenty minutes and Carter opted to have the car valeted, instead of searching for parking. Again, he held my hand as I exited his car, and didn’t let it go until he had to, to pull out my chair once we were at our table.

“We could sit at one of the community tables but I wanted you all to myself tonight.”

A shiver ran up my spine at his low words in my ear.

“I don’t want to share you either.” Those words fell from my mouth and for a split second I regretted them because they caused Carter’s eyes to darken, his breath quickening slightly. For a brief moment, I knew what it must’ve felt like to be in the crosshairs of a hunter’s rifle. That was how I felt from his sharp look. Like prey that didn’t stand a chance. And right then, I didn’t want to run or hide.

“You’re trouble,” I stated once he sat down across the table. “I knew it the day of my accident.”

A mischievous grin made its way to his face. “The good kind of trouble, sugar.”

“Is there such a thing?”

He didn’t have a chance to respond when our waiter arrived, placing two glasses of water in front of either of us, and asking if we wanted a drink. I opted for just a lemonade. Being this close to this man all night was intoxicating enough. I wanted to do my best to keep my wits about me, and not do something I’d later regret. And when I looked across the table and found those hungry blue pupils, intently focused on me, I knew the idea of keeping myself from doing something I’d later regret with this man were nothing but famous last words.





~ Chapter Seven ~

Carter

Is it possible to be attracted to the way someone eats? I hadn’t realized it was until I sat across from Michelle at that Japanese restaurant and watched her expertly use her chopsticks for her sushi. The only regret I had was that I wasn’t what she was devouring. I’d have to fix that. The last thing I wanted, as I sat across from her, was the food on the table. All my thoughts, wants, and needs in that moment centered solely around her. I got absorbed in the sound of her voice when she discussed how she came to be an event planner. She’d stumbled upon it by accident, having worked as a caterer while attending Williamsport Community College.

“I planned on transferring to Williamsport U since I had the grades to get my four-year degree, but one night, I met Nancy at an event I was catering for and ended up becoming her assistant and then moved to becoming one of her event planners.”

“I’m sure she appreciates how good of an employee you are.”

She shrugged. “I hope so. I’m not sure she’s over what happened last Friday, to be honest.” Her frown and the look of uncertainty in those brown eyes punched me in the gut.

I sat up, reaching my hand across the table. “I thought that was all sorted out.” I’ll kick Aaron’s ass for real this time if it wasn’t.

“It is. I mean, I’m back at work and she hasn’t mentioned it again, but I still hate that it happened. It was completely unprofessional of me,” she sighed.

“Hey,” I tugged her hand across the table, squeezing it, “what happened was on me. If you need me to tell your boss that, I will.”

She was already shaking her head before I could finish. “Definitely not. I just want to forget it ever happened.”

My body went completely erect and she glanced up with regretful eyes. “You want to forget all of it?”

“No. I didn’t mean that,” she sighed. “Friday night was …” She paused, eyes circling the room, searching for something I knew was indescribable. “There aren’t any words for what Friday night was. It’s just … there are things I can’t get into that make this messy. And obviously your brother had a problem with what happened.”

“My brother’s a prick.”

A small smile creased her face. “Don’t say that.”

“It’s true. Want to know what else is true?”

“What?”

“That none of it matters.” I stood, moving closer to her until I stood over her. “None of it matters because I’ve already decided you’re mine. Friday night before you let me slip in between your legs was the time you had to run in the opposite direction. But I’ve had you now, and I’ve decided I’m not giving you up.” I pulled her by the hand to stand, pulling out her chair with my free hand. “You have circumstances you think will keep us apart. That’s fine. Because I’m not someone who backs down easily … hell, not at all.”

I planted a quick kiss to her parted mouth. “Come with me.”

“Where’re we going?” she asked, carefully watching me toss a few bills for the check on the table, and taking her hand.

“Remember what I said Friday night?”

“You said a lot Friday night.”

I smirked at the same time I pulled the door open of my car for her to get in. “The part about wanting you to know everything about me.”

“I think I recall something like that.”

I nodded, my eyes lingering on the exposed skin of her thighs when the fabric of her dress parted as she adjusted herself in the passenger seat. My mouth watered. She inhaled sharply when I reached across her lap for the seatbelt.

“I can buckle myself in,” she murmured, voice hitched.

“Just making sure you don’t go anywhere.” I stared into those brown pools of hers. “We’re going someplace so you can get to know more about me.” I closed the door on her suspicious gaze and rounded the front of my Denali.

“As long as you don’t keep me out too late,” she responded once I got in behind the wheel.

“What’s too late? You have a curfew?” I teased.

I laughed when she rolled her eyes and said, “Just drive.”

“Anything you say, sugar. Anything you say.”



****

“What’s this place?” Michelle questioned, looking around at the seemingly abandoned brick building. I followed her eyes as they roamed up the metal staircase that ran the ten stories up to the roof of the building. It was the perfect spring night. Not a cloud in the sky. Great for viewing the rest of the city from the roof.

“Come with me.” I took her hand in mine, pulling her toward the latched staircase.

“What are you doing? What is this place?”

“This,” I paused, while pulling down the lever that released the unfolding staircase as well as the open-air lift, “is the place where I became a firefighter.”

Her nose wrinkled a bit as she looked around and then back at me.

“This is the building the fire department uses for trainees during the academy. We have to make it up the staircase, carrying all our equipment on our back, plus a hose, in under two minutes, flat.”

I watched Michelle’s profile as her head shifted up the building, eyes widening. “Good thing you did,” she finally stated before turning toward me. “I wouldn’t be here if you hadn’t made it up those steps.”

I swallowed, my hand tightening around hers.

“Think you can make it up?” I nudged my head toward the building.

“Are you out of your mind?”

“Maybe a little.”

She shook her head and giggled. “I’ve noticed.”

“I’ll let you have more than two minutes.” I tugged her arm in the direction of the staircase.

“Carter, I am not going up those stairs! Not in these heels.”

I ran my eyes down the length of her legs, noting the outline of her legs in the thigh-high boot, with the four inch heels.

“I’ll carry you.” I pulled her to me.

“You really are insane.”

I laughed some more and planted a kiss on her ear because I couldn’t help myself.

“We can take the lift.” I stepped back from her and opened the half door of the metal lift that ran up the length of the building. I held out my hand to her.

“Ahh!” she screamed when I pulled her to me once she took my hand. I shut the door and let the lift carry us up to the roof of the building, helping her off once we arrived.

“How much does all your gear weigh in total?” she questioned, looking around the flattop of the roof.

“Close to eighty pounds. The hose adds another fifty pounds.”

Those honey eyes bulged when she turned back to me. “You had to carry a hundred and thirty pounds up ten stories in under two minutes?”

I gave a half shrug. “Yeah.”

“Williamsport really does have the best of the best.”

“And we don’t let anyone forget it either. Especially us guys in the rescue squad.”

“So I’ve heard.”

I tilted my head to the side at her comment. “What else have you heard about us?”

She shrugged, arms crossed at her chest. My eyes dipped to the way her position made her cleavage swell just enough to cause a stirring in my pants.

“I’ve heard rescue squad guys are all macho men.”

“Oh yeah.”

She nodded. “Seen it in action when I was down at the firehouse, too.”

I took a step closer to the ledge, and sat against the raised part of the roof.

“You’re too close to the edge,” she gasped.

I turned, looking over my shoulder, noticing there was nothing supporting my back. “I’m fine. Come here.” My voice deepened. A sense of satisfaction engulfed me when she moved toward me like a moth to a flame. I opened my arms, pulling her by the waist to me. She placed her arms on my shoulders and lowered her forehead to mine.

“Are you some kind of adrenaline junkie?” she questioned.

I moved my head back an inch to be able to stare at her more clearly. “What made you ask that?”

“I Googled you.”

A smirk I couldn’t hide released on my lips.

She smiled back. “I couldn’t help it. You don’t take a lot of pictures with your family. But I did learn you were in the Army for eight years, special forces, before becoming a firefighter. You drive an expensive motorcycle. All signs point to you being some kind of adrenaline junkie.”

She attempted to pull away, but my hands held firm. I didn’t answer for a long while, instead staring up at her. Assessing the uncertainty in her eyes and the pout of her full lips.

“You’re wondering if this is some type of adrenaline high for me?”

She pushed out a breath and stared off into the dark sky behind me. “You know they say that people who hook up after enduring some type of traumatic event together are often just romanticizing the circumstances. They eventually fizzle out because the only thing that held them together was the trauma of their experience. There’s no real connection.” Her eyes lingered over my shoulder for a while before she turned back to me.

“You think that’s what’s happening here?”

“I don’t know.” She sighed.

“I do know,” I stated firmly, rising to stand over her. “I’ve been in enough traumatic circumstances, as you say, to know the difference between real and make believe when it comes to what I’m feeling.” I began walking her backwards to the nearest wall, loving the feeling of her body acquiescing to my movements. “I’ve rescued more people than I can count and not one of them has been up here on this roof with me. Not one of them has spent the night on my family’s estate with me and left me hungry for more. These experiences belong to you. So, to answer your question, no. You are not some type of adrenaline rush for me.”

She sighed, looking up at me when her back hit the brick wall at the other side of the roof. I pressed my full bodyweight into hers, moving my leg in between her thick thighs, parting them ever so slightly.

“Anything else you want to know?”

She nodded. “Everything. I want to know everything about you.” Her voice was breathless, just above a whisper. But I heard the begging in it. The need that matched my own.

I planted a kiss to her lips, taking my fill of her mouth when she opened up for me. Our tongues touched and teased one another, tasting, licking, and savoring our flavors. She tasted of the sake we’d had with dinner and sweetness, just like the pet name I’d given her. I moved lower, letting my lips trail down her neck, biting at the soft flesh there.

“Carter,” she whispered my name into the night air.

My hands moved lower to her waist, and I held firm as I lowered myself to my knees. I moved my hands down, underneath the slit of her dress and up her bare thighs until I reached the lace panties she wore. Driven by irresistible need, I tugged at the waistband of her panties, lowering them before pressing my nose against the short, curly hairs of her mound. I inhaled the scent of her arousal, already familiar with her unique smell from the previous Friday night. I heard my name again fall from her mouth, filled with such an intense need that I knew I had to satisfy the both of us. My mouth watered, lips itching to kiss her second pair of lips.

I parted her thighs with my hands, lifting one leg over my shoulder, and dipped my head, licking her where I desired most. Her hips jolted against my face, egging me on. I licked, touched, and devoured every inch I could reach before literally spelling out my name in her pussy. It was the last and only name this part of her body would ever need to know from here on out.

I moved both my arms under her thighs, placing her second leg over my shoulder. Holding her tightly against my face, I stood up fully, moving her entire body even higher against the wall.

“Carter!” She yelled my name out of ecstasy and fear.

I didn’t bother answering, as my mouth was otherwise occupied. Nor did I bother to let her down when both her hands went to the back of my head, keeping me right where I was. I wasn’t sure if she did so out of fear that I’d drop her, but she needn’t have worried about that. Right then, I knew I’d spent my entire adult life preparing to carry this woman in any way, shape, or form that she needed me. And when her mouth parted and she screamed out her orgasm, a sense of satisfaction I’d never known pelted my entire body. Only when she finished screaming and I’d had my fill of her, did I lower myself so her feet were on the ground. Even then, her drunkenness from my mouth was apparent when she lost her footing in her heels. I caught her, pressing her back against the wall and using my body to hold her upright.

“Easy, sugar,” I crooned in her ear.

“What’re you doing to me?” she whispered against my mouth.

“Nothing you haven’t already done to me.” I kissed the corner of her mouth, and then again on the other side. This was the best first date I’d been on in a long time… no, ever.



~ Chapter Eight ~

Michelle

“You’ve been rather bubbly these last few days,” Natoi noted, watching me as we returned from lunch. I breezed past her through the glass doors of the office, giving her a half smile.

“You think so?”

“I know so. And there’s only one thing that puts a smile like that on my face. A man. And not just any man. For me, it’s David Beckham. But I know you don’t have any celebrity crushes like that, so it must be someone in your private life. Spill!” she demanded, following closely behind me as I moved inside my office.

I glanced up. “Why are you shutting my door?”

“Because you’re about to spill the tea. And we need some privacy.” Natoi giggled, her dark brown eyes gleaming in anticipation.

I frowned. “I’m not about to spill anything. Open my door and bring me that Hayes file. We need to double check their guest list.”

Natoi stood with her hands on her hips, staring down at me as if what I’d just said to her made no sense at all.

“The Hayes file can wait.” She tapped her foot against the carpeted floor. “What really cannot wait is what’s going on with you. You’re taking off last Monday and then coming in here this week, looking all cheery and smiling and shit. You’ve got a man.”

My eyebrows rose and I bit the inside of my cheek. I turned toward the computer screen on my desk, avoiding eye contact with my assistant, who’d become a good friend over the last few years. Despite the truth that Natoi and I were friends, I didn’t tell her all my business. She nor anyone else in the office knew that the real reason I’d taken off the previous Monday was actually because I’d been suspended. As far as everyone in the office knew, I’d had a little family emergency and had to take the day off. I appreciated Nancy for being tight lipped about the situation. I truly valued my professional reputation, and didn’t want it tarnished in front of my coworkers. Not even Natoi.

“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” I insisted.

She pivoted her head to the side, giving me a side-eye that screamed her skepticism. I sighed.

“I don’t know what you’re trying to hide. It’s not like you’re seeing David Beckham. Now that would be a secret worth holding onto.”

My thoughts immediately strayed to the previous Thursday night. Heat rose in my belly when I thought about the way Carter handled me. I squeezed my thighs together. David Beckham has absolutely nothing on Carter Townsend. I straightened in my chair, tugging the sides of the white blazer I wore. I hoped my thoughts weren’t visible on my face.

“There’s nothing to tell. It’s dry as a bell in the love department.” I cleared my throat and shuffled some files on my desk, hoping my assistant would drop the subject altogether. I didn’t date, as far as she knew. As far as everybody knew. I’d told everyone in my life that raising my son was my main priority because it was. But then one day on my way to work, fate stepped in. And I found myself unable to deny the irresistible ruggedness of one of Williamsport Fire Department’s very own.

“Saved by the bell.”

I blinked in realization that Natoi was referring to the phone ringing. She rose and darted out of my office to answer the call. I went back to the guest list I was working on for one of our events, doing my best to forget about the dilemma I’d found myself in. A few minutes passed as I looked through the open file I had on my desk. Regrettably, I was soon to find that my problem had decided to walk right in my office door.

“Michelle, there’s a Gabriel Garcia here to see you.”

My heart rate quickened. Does he know? An image of a smiling Diego popped in my head and my heart sank.

“Ms. Clarke and I already know each other.”

It was hard, but I managed to keep the frown from forming on my face when I heard his voice. Soon enough, Gabriel stepped from behind Natoi, a cocky smirk on his attractive face. I slowly lowered and opened my eyelids to keep from rolling my eyes. The glint in his hazelnut eyes showed that he got off on my discomfort.

“Oh, were we working on an event for you already, Mr. Garcia?” Natoi questioned, confused.

Gabriel shook his dark head. “Not as of yet, but my firm is looking to host our annual charity event for the homeless and we wanted to go with a different event planner this time around. I thought, just my luck, I happen to know one of the best event planners in the city.” He smiled down at Natoi, giving her a wink. Much to my chagrin, she giggled at his charms. “Ms. Clarke and I met a long time ago while she was serving as a caterer for a small catering company.”

“Thank you, Natoi.” I stood from my chair, smoothing down the front of the blouse I wore. Thankfully, she got the dismissal and nodded, just before leaving. Gabriel took the initiative to close the door behind her.

“What are you doing here?”

“Mi vida, is that anyway to greet your first love?” He strolled over to the chair in front of my desk, unbuttoned the buttons of his suit jacket, and casually took a seat. I let my eyes peruse the cocky expression he wore. Gabriel was undoubtedly an attractive man with his warm, toffee-colored skin, deep brown eyes, and thick, dark hair that was greying at the temples. He wore an air of confidence but I knew it was more like arrogance. “Mi vida” had been the Spanish term of endearment he began calling me when we first met, a decade ago. At nineteen, and desperate for any attention, let alone that of a successful attorney, I found it cute. I fell head-over-heels in love. Gabriel had wooed me with his stories of moving from Mexico City to pursue the American dream after his parents had died. Now, as I looked down on the man that was in his early fifties, I felt nothing but disgust and regret.

“Don’t call me that. And what are you doing here?”

“I told your assistant. My firm is having an event and I need an event planner.”

“There are least two dozen event planning companies in this city. You could’ve easily found another one. I’m sure a firm of your size works exclusively with an agency already.”

He nodded. “Si, mi vida. We do, but I thought, why not do things a little differently this year. Seeing you again last Friday night after so many months apart, reminded me that I know a very competent event planner, who also happens to be the mother of my youngest son.” Sitting forward, he grabbed the picture of me and Diego that I kept on my desk. It was my favorite picture of the two of us, taken when Diego was just three years old. In it, his little mouth is wide open, laughing as I tickle his belly.

I reached over my desk and snatched the picture frame from Gabriel, hating for him to even see one of those special moments between my son and I.

Gabriel frowned, his eyes darkening.

“You want Save the Date to do an event for your firm?” I questioned, my voice tight.

He began shaking his head. “No. I want you to do an event for me.”

“Your firm.”

“Me. My firm. Same difference.” He shrugged.

“You don’t own the firm,” I reminded, and was satisfied when a small grimace passed over his face.

“I’m a partner.”

“I don’t freelance.”

“Save the Date will be the official event planner but you will take the lead on this event. You will be working directly with me to ensure Williams & Brodsky puts on a spectacular event.”

I shook my head and took a step back, holding up my hands. “I cannot do that.”

“And why not?” He truly seemed perplexed but I knew it was just a front. Gabriel was great at convincing you he was one way but was the complete opposite. He knew exactly why this proposal of his made me uncomfortable.

“Gabriel, this is ridiculous. There are seven other event planners in this office who can take on this project. I’m swamped as it is, and–”

“And what? You’re busy outside of work?” His eyes narrowed.

I placed my palms on my desk, feeling truly exhausted by this conversation already. I slowly closed my eyes, inhaling before speaking again. “As a matter of fact, I am.” I opened my eyes, staring directly at his now angered face. “In case you forgot, I have a son to raise. A very precocious six-year-old son who needs his mother’s attention when she’s home. Taking on an additional event will mean less time for him.” I snapped my mouth shut when the thought of Carter came to mind. There was no way I was going to reveal to Gabriel that I was also seeing someone.

“You have a son?” Gabriel remained seated, but the steely nature in his voice gave way to his anger. “My son. My son whose private school I pay for. My son who is receiving a quality education because of me. Don’t you fucking forget that.” He pointed at me, seething.

A son you haven’t seen in more than six months either. I knew that thought was better left unsaid.

“Remember our little agreement, mi vida. As long as you abide by my terms, I will allow you to continue raising our son in peace.”

“Your terms. Do you even hear yourself?” I whispered the words even though the door was closed. I didn’t want to take the chance of someone outside hearing this part of the conversation.

“I hear myself loud and clear. You were the one who wanted to break things off without my agreement, so this is how it must be.” He held out his hands in the air.

I stood, folding my arms across my chest and rolling my eyes. This was Gabriel’s thing. He loved being in charge. It’s why he went after nineteen-year-old me, when he was a man in his forties, with an unsuspecting wife at home. He sought out power and control in every aspect of his life. When I stripped him of that control, even just a little bit by breaking things off, he fought to maintain it. He couldn’t make me be with him but, through our son, he definitely could pull my strings.

“Fine!” I hissed at him. “You want me to fucking do your event. No problem,” I snarled, pulling my chair underneath me to sit back down.

“I’m glad you finally see things my way.”

I ignored the satisfied note in his tone. Ignored the way the corners of his mouth turned upwards in a contented grin. And I paid no attention to the way his eyes roved over my body, stopping at my breasts. But the nausea that rolled through my belly, I couldn’t disregard. It reminded me of how much I despised this man I once loved. Made me even angrier at the young woman I once was―who felt so lost and alone in this world that I missed all the warning signs―because now I was still paying for it a decade later.



****

“What’re you doing?”

I paused, pushed my back against the wall in the hallway, and closed my eyes, allowing the rumble of his voice to roll over me. It felt dangerous and soothing at the same time. After my day at work, I needed that, the calmness he afforded me.

“Giving Diego a bath,” I responded, finally opening my eyes and sticking my head around the corner to see into the bathroom. I smiled as my son played with a few of his action figures, splashing water everywhere.

“You sound … drained.”

I stood erect, Carter’s voice drawing my attention back to our conversation. “How can you read me so well through the phone?” He had an uncanny way of knowing what I was feeling, no matter how much I tried to hide it. That intrigued and scared me.

“I’ve learned to read people.”

“Did you learn that in the army?” I squeezed my eyes shut, feeling foolish.

My body tensed when his chuckle moved across the phone line.

“What else did you learn about me during your Google search?”

“Not a whole lot. You’re a Townsend, went into the army right after high school, and now you’re a firefighter.”

“That pretty much sums me up.”

“That doesn’t even begin to scrape the surface of who you are.”

Another laugh.

“Were you really in the special forces?”

“Yeah.”

“I hear those guys are pretty badass.”

“We got shit done.”

The confidence in his voice actually caused a small flood in my panties. I put my head against the wall, remembering the serious expression on his face as he hovered above me, bringing me to one climax after another.

“You definitely get shit done alright.” My voice was filled with lust.

“There’s a lot more where that came from.”

“I bet there is.” I opened my eyes and again, checked to make sure Diego was doing okay. “Don’t forget to wash behind your ears, baby,” I called.

“Yes, ma’am.”

I burst out laughing into the phone.

“I was talking to Diego.”

“Got it. But I’ll still wash behind my ears.”

“Must be a slow night at the station.”

“Not too busy. Why were you sounding so drained when you first answered?”

I hesitated, not wanting to go into the details about Gabriel. “Just a demanding client of ours.”

“What’d they want?”

“A big event for a law firm and they expect us to drop everything and cater to their every whim.” Tension filled my voice. “Nothing worth discussing right now.”

“You sure?”

“Yeah, of course.”

There was nothing from the other end of the phone. I knew he was mulling over my words in his head. That was what he did. He watched and listened intently. He was keen on details I’d never notice.

“Stop doing that,” I finally said.

“Doing what?”

“Measuring everything I say. Every intonation. It’s just a work thing.”

“Okay. Then let’s discuss something else.”

“Like what?”

“The next time I can see you.”

I smiled in spite of myself. My body warmed at just the idea of seeing him face-to-face again. But I had to control myself, for my sake and for my son’s sake. I was no longer the shy, hungry for attention, nineteen-year-old girl I once was. I needed to be smart about things this time around. Especially given Carter’s background. He may not work for the family business but he was still a Townsend and that gave him immeasurable power and influence.

“I think … I think we need to slow down a little bit.”

“Slow down.” He repeated the words, as if rolling them around in his mouth to see how they tasted. Obviously, he didn’t like the flavor because he soon came back with, “No.”

I sighed, rolling my eyes. “What do you mean no?”

“I mean, when it comes to you, I’m going as slow as I possibly can.”

My shoulders slumped a little. Somehow I knew what he meant. He’d been insistent from the very beginning but I could tell he’d been showing restraint. I suspected if he had things his way, we’d be living together by now. He was that damn intense, but he sensed my hesitation and didn’t want to scare me off.

“I’m not saying we should totally stop seeing each other. I’m just saying we need to take things a little slower.”

“Go out with me this Friday and we’ll discuss it some more.”

I lowered my head and giggled. When I caught my breath, I stood all the way up, releasing a breath. “Fine. This Friday.” My mother was actually taking Diego Friday night, per one of their traditions, so I’d have the evening to myself anyway.

“Friday night! Whoop! Carter, you got a date.”

I pulled the phone away from my ear, eyeing it suspiciously upon hearing the unfamiliar man’s voice.

“Hello?” I squealed into the phone.

“Gimme the fucking phone you dipshit!” Carter’s growl came across the line loud and clear.

“Hey, Michelle, is it? How about you bring us some more of those donuts? They were delicious!”

“She’s not bringing you dickwads shit! I’m going to break both of your fucking legs!”

I bent over at the waist, holding my hand against my knee while my phone was in the other, laughing hysterically. I heard the scuffle of Carter with one of the guys from his squad. I had a guess as to which one.

“Is this Don?” I questioned between laughs.

“The one and only, dollface. Ouch, shit! Your boyfriend just smacked the back of my head.”

“I’m going to do a lot worse once I hang up the phone,” Carter yelled in the background.

Don was breathless when he said, “Michelle, I know Carter’s rich and all that bullshit. And I get how that’d be attractive to a woman, but you and I both know, I’m the better looking one out of the two of us. What do you say, dump that loser and hang out with me Friday night instead?” Don proposed. By the panting in his voice and the background noise I could tell he was running, most likely being chased by Carter.

“Ah shit!” I heard loudly through the phone.

A second later, Carter’s voice was back on the line. “I’m going to kill that fucker,” he growled. “He’s not funny,” he said to my continued bout of laughter.

“Are you all always this way?”

“He is.”

“Something tells me he’s not the only one.”

Carter just grunted which I found completely endearing.

“Friday night,” he insisted.

“Friday.”

“Be ready by six.”

“Okay. I have to get back to Diego now.” For the first time, I hated to hang up the phone, even if it was to get back to my son.

“I’ll see you Friday, sugar.” Gone was the anger his voice held when he lashed out at Don. It was replaced by a promise, the deep assurance his voice always seemed to possess when he spoke directly to me. A shiver ran down my spine as I pressed the button to end the call.

I still had no idea what I was getting into with this thing with Carter, but at that point, it felt completely unstoppable.





~ Chapter Nine ~

Carter

“You’re still mad?”

I cut my eyes to look over my right shoulder at the dipshit who stood next to me. “Put it this way … If I didn’t know you’d walk through fire for me, I’d be looking for a place to bury your body right now.” I turned back to look ahead, on the short stool I sat on, cleaning my equipment.

“It was just a damn joke, Carter,” Don defended himself.

I still was pissed from the previous night when he snatched my phone out of my hand while I was on the phone with Michelle. I’d had to be held back by three of our guys not to rip his damn head off. Obviously, I’d cooled down a little since then.

“That’s your problem, Donnie, you joke too much,” Sean added behind me, and I nodded in agreement.

“No one else takes my jokes to heart. And don’t fucking call me Donnie!”

I chuckled with the rest of the guys in the room. Nothing got under Don’s skin like being called Donnie. I suspected there was something deeper behind that nickname, but for now I couldn’t care less. Just as long as he knew that when it came to Michelle, all jokes were off limits.

“Eric never bitched this much when we teased him when he first started dating Angela.”

“See,” I pointed my hand that held a dirty rag in it, “that’s your fucking mistake. I’m not Eric.” We all knew when Eric was serious about Angela. Yeah, we joked and teased him a little, up until a point. But Eric wasn’t like me. He was tough, sure, but he had more patience than I did when it came to my woman.

“Whatever,” Don grumbled.

“Townsend!”

My head popped up to see Captain Waverly coming our way. When we made eye contact, he waved his head for me to follow him.

“Fuck.” I knew what this shit was about. I tossed the rag to the side and stood to follow the captain back to his office. When we reached it, he went over to sit behind his desk and I shut the door behind me. As soon as I turned, he tossed a small plastic cup, encased in a plastic bag, in my direction.

I caught it with ease and stared down at it. “Seriously?” I snarled.

“Random testing. You know how it works.”

I sure did and I still hated it.

“Look, you’ve only got about three more months of this bullshit. Keep it clean until then, no more testing, and I will personally put in a good word when you send in that lieutenant’s application.”

I lifted my head to stare at the captain, raising an eyebrow. “Lieutenant, huh?”

“Don’t tell me you’ve never considered it.”

“’Course I have. Especially when Eric took his exam last year.”

“Kim’s got a level head, all the guys respect him. He was made to be a leader, and so were you. Rescue division of this squad needs a lieutenant eventually. Nobody’s as good at figuring out rescue missions as you. And I’ve been in this department for almost thirty years, I don’t hand out compliments lightly.”

I stared at the captain, letting his words sink in. He wasn’t just blowing smoke up my ass. I didn’t work with guys who did. If you didn’t cut it, they’d let you know. We didn’t have time to coddle feelings around here. Our calls were life or death, and in that environment, favoritism over quality did not fare very well.

“Take the fucking drug test, pass it, and keep doing the job you’ve been doing.”

I stared angrily at the piss cup in my hands. I didn’t have a choice. I’d fucked up and this was part of my penance. I nodded at the captain and went to the bathroom to relieve myself in the cup. I sealed the lid and brought it back to the captain’s office.

“You know, I’m not too keen on having to be this close to your piss either,” he joked.

A smirk broke out on my lips. “That’s grade A urine right there.”

He removed one of his testing strips from his desk and put on a pair of rubber gloves to unseal the cup. I watched as he inserted the testing strip.

“Five minutes and this’ll be over. Go on back to cleaning your equipment. We’ll be getting a call soon enough.” Captain almost had a sixth sense about when a call would come in.

I did as instructed, not worrying too heavily about the test results. Every one I’d taken since coming back had come out clean because I wasn’t on anything. I refused to even take ibuprofen when I had a headache. Save for a few beers down at Charlie’s every now and again, I didn’t mess with any sort of drug.

Sure enough, just as Captain predicted, I hadn’t been back to cleaning my equipment more than three minutes when the station’s alarm sounded and we got a call for a house fire.

“Let’s go!” Eric yelled as we all gathered our gear to head to the rig. This was going to be an interesting call. I could just feel it.



****

“Anyone inside?” I questioned the police officer who stood at the side of his car, trying to hold spectators back a distance from the flames. Eric was handing out directions to Don, and two other squad members who were in our rig. Captain Waverly was giving direction out to the other five members of our station who pulled up in a second truck from our station.

“One came out. Father. Says that his wife and two children are still inside.”

Fuck! I cursed in my head. I just knew this call was going to be fucked up.

“Harvard!” I yelled to Eric. “Cop says we’ve got a female and two children trapped inside. We’ve gotta contain this shit and get to them.”

Eric nodded and stared back at the house. From the outside it looked like a two story home that also had a basement. My guess was that the family was on the second floor, most likely where the bedrooms were. I began to map out a possible escape route in my head.

“We need to go in the backdoor,” I yelled to Eric.

He gave me a look, but eventually nodded.

“Captain and the others will bring in the hose once we’re out.”

I nodded and picked up my hatchet, tossed my helmet over my head, and began running to the back of the house. I was followed by Eric and Don.

“Locked!” Eric yelled of the back door.

“Got it!” I called, and as soon as he stepped out of the way, I swung my hatchet into the wooden door repeatedly until it broke open. The smoke was thick and we immediately covered our face with our oxygen masks.

“Family’s probably on the second floor in the bedrooms,” I yelled through my mask so my team could hear me.

“Don, check downstairs. Carter and I will check upstairs.”

“Roger that,” Don responded and we all followed our respective routes.

Eric and I passed through thick, black smoke to find the winding staircase. This was an older model home which was good and bad. It was good because these homes tended to be sturdier and they all had similar layouts. It was also bad since a lot of the stuff used to build the homes didn’t have the same protections as the more modern homes to prevent entire loss of the home.

“I got the door on the left,” Eric yelled in front of me.

“I got the right.”

I touched the handle of the right door and found it wasn’t warm. I hoped no one was inside. Pushing the door open I yelled out, “Fire department! Anyone in here! Call out!” I repeated this over and over and got no response. Thanks to the smoke, it was dark, but I was able to make my way over to the bed at the far corner, having noticed lumps on the bed that looked like human forms.

“Shit,” I yelled into my communication device that rested on a strap on my shoulder. “I’ve got them all. They’re passed out, possibly from the smoke.” I crouched down to retrieve the smaller body in my arms just as Eric made his way into the bedroom.

“The mother’s passed out, too,” I tell Eric.

“Shit!” he cursed, looking upwards at the cracking of the roof, under the pressure of the fire. “We gotta get outta here.”

At that moment, Don burst into the room. I handed him the child I’d held in my arms, while Eric did his best to manage with the woman who was presumably their mother. I reached for the second smaller body, that I reasoned was the second child the officer had told me about initially. We moved quickly, following behind Don to retrace our steps back down the hallway and down the stairs. The child in my arms didn’t stir, and that caused me to pick up the pace even more. I shielded the lifeless body in my arms, doing my best to protect it from the scorching heat of the house fire and to cover his mouth from the harsh smoke. I was barely able to see anything, instead using my sense of direction to make it back to the back door.

Once outside, I realized the body in my arms was that of a young boy. Eric, Don, and I carried the victims around the house and to the paramedics who were waiting to tend to them. I stood back and observed the three people―two children and a mother―laid out on separate gurneys, medics trying to assess their injuries, while a distraught father yelled and screamed in the background, needing to be held back by police officers.

“Sir, sir, let the medics do their job.”

It was a familiar sight, but one that never failed to twist my insides. Instead of watching, I turned to go back and help with the hose to put the fire out.

It took another twenty minutes to completely extinguish the flames. By the time we’d finished the house was a shell of what it’d once been, although it was still standing.

I followed Captain Waverly inside, Eric and Don right behind me. The other guys were busy putting up the hose and other equipment back into the rig outside.

“Fireplace,” Don grunted.

I looked over at him. We were standing in the middle of the burned out living room. The smoke was still clearing from the house, but we were doing our initial fire investigation. The investigators from the department would be down soon enough, but Don said he’d had a feeling about this fire and wanted to do some digging.

“Looks like it started in the fireplace?” I questioned.

Don nodded; his dark hair was plastered to his head from sweat due to his helmet. I was sure mine looked the same way.

“Yeah, no screen,” he answered, crouching low. Gone was the jokester Don from the night before, replaced by the serious fire investigator.

“Probably started here from the fireplace being left on. There are newspaper ashes around.” He pointed and I, too, observed the small pieces of newspaper that were scattered here and there, throughout the living room. No screen to cover the fireplace and using newspaper to help keep the fire going were a terrible combination that could make for a deadly fire. I could easily see how this could’ve happened. But something still nagged at me. It just didn’t add up. When I peered over at Don, his right eyebrow was raised as he looked at the char marks on the floor around us. I knew he sensed it, too.

He followed me up the stairs, having pulled out his phone to snap pictures of the scene. We moved up the stairs where Eric and the captain were searching around, taking note of the situation. I stopped right before getting to the room in which we’d found the mother and her children. I crouched down, eyeing the charred piece of newspaper at my foot.

“Don,” I called, “you should get a picture of this.”

He came around me to see what I was looking at. “Shit!” A frown formed on his face and he took the photo. Once he did, I lifted the paper with my hand, holding it up in front of my face.

“I don’t care how powerful a fire is, it’s not going to carry shreds of newspaper up a staircase and deposit it at the very door where we found our victims.”

“No.” Don shook his head. “No, it’s not.”

I looked around, noticing another small piece of newspaper, again burnt around the edges. “This was set intentionally.”

Don looked me dead in the eye but remained silent. I’d just read his conclusions out loud.

“We’ll need to pass this along to the fire investigators.”

I nodded, too angry to speak. The thought of someone doing something like this on purpose sent a cold chill through my veins. I knew the type of person it took to plan out killing someone. Hell, I was the type of person who’d done it in my former career. But even I’d never harm a woman and her sleeping children.

“You think it was the father?” Don questioned.

That pissed me off even more. I kept quiet. The memory of the screaming father as he watched his wife and children being treated by the medics ran across my mind. I doubted it was him. Of course, he could’ve been putting on a show.

“Anything’s possible.” I stood and continued to walk with Don around the house as he snapped photo after photo for what he thought might be important. At this point, I was just contented knowing that the sick bastard who’d attempted to kill this family hadn’t succeeded. Rescue Four had done its job, and for that I was grateful.





~ Chapter Ten ~

Michelle

I tucked one of my wand curls behind my right ear and stared into the mirror. I wore a floral print dress which shifted around my knees every time I moved. It was five of six and I was just about ready for my date with Carter. My mother and Diego had left earlier; my baby boy was excited to see a new animated film that his grandmother was taking him to see. That just left me alone to get ready for my date. I was grateful for the quiet, but the butterflies in my stomach began to make themselves known. This wasn’t my first date with the man, so why was I feeling so nervous?

My subconscious answered my question when a smile sprang on my lips as I stared in the mirror, remembering our phone conversation the night before. Carter called every night, even the evenings he was at work. I appreciated that he usually waited until after eight-thirty when Diego went to bed. Since the first night, there hadn’t been anymore interruptions from members of his team. He’d told me he’d made it very clear to them that unless something was on fire not to interrupt him while he was on the phone. I grinned at the threat that was laced in his voice when he told me that.

You like him. A lot. The voice in my head was only confirming what I already knew. There was no amount of stopping my feelings as far as Carter Townsend was concerned.

A knock sounded on my door and a wave of anticipation moved through my entire body.

“Coming!” I called out, hurrying to the door. I reached the door and paused, taking a deep breath before twisting the knob and pulling it open. My breath hitched in my throat as soon as I did.

No words were spoken. Those profound eyes, the color of the Caribbean ocean, ate me up from head to toe. He began at my face, scanning it before moving lower, slowly roving over the exposed skin of my chest and cleavage. His eyes darkened as they trailed my body. I swear I could actually feel his gaze almost as much as if it were his touch. I swallowed deeply when I actually saw his eyes blaze upon spotting the heels I wore. Those same orbs moved back to my face, and before I knew what was happening, I was in his arms, his lips on mine and his hand cupping the back of my head, holding me in place.

I gripped onto his shoulder for leverage, and acquiesced to his firm lips because my body was in no position to turn him down. And he knew it, too. He took his fill of me, licking and tasting every part of my mouth that I’d opened up to him. Before long, he pulled back, pressing his forehead against mine.

“I told myself I’d keep my hands off of you until after dinner, but you’re making it hard in those heels, sugar.”

Why did it feel as if his words had reached down into the lace panties I wore and ran his tongue along my sensitized clit? Because, that’s essentially what they’d done. No man had ever looked at me so deeply, so hungrily before. I knew what it was like to be lusted after and to be wanted but this was so much more than that.

“Do you always open the door without checking to see who’s on the other side first?”

I blinked and furrowed my eyebrows, still in a trance from his kiss. “What?”

“The door. You just opened. Didn’t check the peephole first.”

“I knew it was you.”

I hadn’t finished the sentence before he was shaking his head, his lips forming into a thin line. “Safety first. Check the peephole always.”

I pulled my head back slightly to get a better view of him. “I’ve lived on my own for more than a decade.”

“Good. Then checking the peephole from here on out won’t be a problem.”

My response was cut off by another kiss. He released me and stepped back, licking his lips as if he was tasting me all over again.

“You look beautiful, by the way.” He grinned and his eyes shone, relaying the honesty in his words. I forgot whatever comeback I had for his comments on the peephole just that quickly.

“Where’s the little guy?” he asked, looking around.

“Out with my mother.” I turned back and saw the disappointment on Carter’s face. “Why?”

I watched as his hand went into his pocket and he pulled out a toy fire truck.

“Brought this for him. He asked for one. It’s signed by all the guys at the station, too.”

I took the toy from his hand and looked it over, noting the different signatures.

“He’s been talking about firefighters and firetrucks for the last two weeks.”

Carter’s smile grew.

“You didn’t have to do this.” I held up the truck.

“’Course I did. Little guy was asking about it last time I was here.”

“Thank you.” I placed the toy truck on the glass table that sat next to the couch a few feet from the door. I pulled the light spring jacket I opted to bring with me, along with my black clutch.

“Ready?”

“All set,” I responded.

Carter stepped out ahead of me and I locked the door and closed it behind me. I watched, confused when he reached around me and twisted the knob, ensuring it was locked.

“Can never be too safe.” He winked at me, pulling my hand in his and bringing it to his lips. Those damn butterflies started moving in my belly again, or maybe they’d never stopped. I wasn’t too sure of anything at that moment, accept that the way he looked at me was the way I always wanted to be looked at. Especially by him. Only him.



****

Carter

I am a man of my word. I had to keep reminding myself of that. I had told Michelle that I intended to keep my hands off of her until after dinner. Those were my intentions. But when I pulled out the chair for her in the seafood restaurant I’d chosen, and the scent of sweetness wafted past my nose, my entire body went rigid.

“Thank you,” she said just above a whisper, once she sat.

I made my way around the table, putting much needed space between us if I was going to keep my promise.

“Have you been here before?” she asked, her gaze bouncing around the dining room.

“Few times.”

“What do you recommend?” She flipped the menu open and began scanning it. I simply stared, mesmerized.

“Carter?” she called, and I snapped out of it.

“The sea bass is pretty good,” I answered her earlier question.

We ordered our food and talked about our weeks until our meals came. Michelle asked me about work and I told her of a couple of calls we’d had that day. She did this often when we talked, asking to hear about the calls we went on.

“You love what you do,” she commented.

I shrugged and tossed my napkin onto the table, finished with my meal. “It pays the bills.”

She gave me a deadpan expression. “Be serious. You love being a firefighter.”

I planted my elbows on the table and stared at her. “I do.”

“What made you become a firefighter?”

I raised an eyebrow. “You really want to know?”

Another stern look. “No, lie to me.”

I shook my head, chuckling. I peered back up at her and in all seriousness said, “I was tired of killing people.”

Shock moved across her face, replacing the deadpan expression from just a few seconds prior. “Killing people?”

I tilted my head in a nod. “In the army. We protect and serve, and a lot of times that means neutralizing anyone or anything that may be a threat to our nation.”

“Neutralizing means killing.”

“Absolutely.”

Her eyes fell to her now empty plate. I could see her processing what I’d just shared. I wasn’t ordinarily so blunt with women on dates, but like I’d told her on my parents’ property, I wanted her to know everything about me. Good and bad.

“Does that scare you?”

Her eyes met mine again, and she hesitated before answering. “It should. Most people might not think twice about dating someone with your background, but I …”

“You what?” I leaned into the table.

“I’ve been hurt in the past. I’ve seen what men with power can do when they want to.”

“I’m not a man with power.”

Her eyes ballooned. “You’re kidding, right?”

I shook my head.

Her eyes rolled up to the ceiling. “You’re a Townsend, you’re former special forces, and now you pull people out of fires for a living,” she began ticking off each item on her fingers. “And to top it all off, you’re the only man in a very long time who’s had the ability to make me go against my instincts.”

“How so?”

“I’m here with you.” She held out her hands. “I promised myself my only focuses would be my son and my career. And now here I am, falling in … dating you.” She hesitated, clearing her throat.

“That’s a bad thing?” I grinned across the table, knowing she’d almost slipped up and admitted to falling in love with me. Nothing else she could say would matter more than that.

She sighed. “Just don’t hurt me.”

Her eyes penetrated mine and I could feel the depths of her fears.

“Sugar, I’d much rather cut out my own heart and feed it to the sharks. Hurting you isn’t even an option for me.”

She nodded and reached across the table, bringing her half-empty wine glass to her lips. I swallowed at the same time she did, watching the minute movements of her jaw and neck as the wine moved down her throat.

“I want you to meet some people.” I stood, and held my hand out for her. I clasped hers tightly when she accepted, and pulled out her chair for her to stand.

“You’re not taking me to another rooftop, are you?”

“If memory serves, you had fun on the last rooftop I took you on.”

My cock jolted in my jeans when her usually caramel cheeks brightened a little with redness as she dipped her head.

I placed a few bills on the table to take care of the check, and then put my hand at the small of her back to walk us both to the door.

“No rooftops tonight. We’re going to Charlie’s,” I explained.

We made it to the bar in under twenty minutes, and lady luck must’ve been on my side because it was easy enough to find a parking space right outside of the bar.

“You said your squad member’s wife owns this place?” Michelle questioned, looking at the bar through the window as she took off her seatbelt.

“Yeah, Angela,” I replied, and got out of the car to open the door for her.

“And your entire squad is in there?”

“Most of ’em.” I looked back at her, clasping her hand in mine. She ran her teeth along her lower lip. “You’re nervous?”

“No,” she shook her head, “but meeting your squad isn’t the definition of going slow that I had in mind.”

I stopped us right in front of the door of the bar, cupping her face in my hands.

“Excuse us, buddy.”

I shifted to see over Michelle’s head and glared at the asshole who’d just interrupted us. “Wait a fucking minute,” I growled.

Michelle’s fingers wrapping around my wrists brought my attention back to her.

“Anyway.” I quickly glanced at the jackass waiting impatiently but quietly now, behind Michelle. “I’d thought I made it clear to you, this is going slow enough. Besides, you’ve met all my squad before.”

“Yeah, but that was different. It wasn’t us socializing together.”

“Dating,” I corrected. “We’re not just socializing. We’re dating.”

Her smile grew and I licked my own lips at the sight of it.

“Okay, dating.”

Hell, even the word dating was too minimal to describe what was happening between us.

“The guys already know you and I are seeing each other. They’ve already met you. Hell, I’ve nearly lost it on two of them already just for joking around about you. We’re not a secret, sugar.”

She blinked and her eyes averted. I noticed the nervousness in that small expression and I’d definitely be checking in about it later.

“Let’s go.” I took her by the hand and led her into the bar. As soon as we stepped over the threshold, we were greeted by semi-loud pop music and even louder voices from the numerous customers inside. I glanced to the left where the bar sat and smiled when I noticed Angela dancing it up behind the bar as she made drinks. As usual these days, Lieutenant Eric Kim was front and center at the bar watching over his wife.

“That’s Angela there.” I jolted my head in the direction of the bar, showing Michelle. “And there’s Eric.”

“’Bout time your ass showed up!”

Feeling a smack on my left shoulder, I turned to spot Corey’s goofy smile.

“I know you’ve met before, but Michelle, this is Corey.”

His dark eyes gleamed as he stepped around me to stand in front of Michelle.

“I’d never forget a face like that.”

Michelle chuckled. “They must train all you firefighters on the art of flirting and charm in the academy.”

“Absolutely not, sweetheart. This here is all natural.” Corey wiggled his eyebrows, causing Michelle to laugh out loud.

“That’s enough of that bullshit.” I pushed him by the chest so he had to take a few steps back. I wrapped my arm around her waist.

“This one’s been getting a little protective lately.”

I cut my eyes at Corey who then held up his hands, one of which held a beer bottle. “I’m just fucking with you, Carter. Rest of the team’s over there.” He jutted his head to one of the back tables. Sure enough, a group of about six firefighters from Rescue Four sat.

“Look who’s here!” Corey yelled as we arrived at the table.

A round of cheers greeted us. I pulled out a chair and sat, chuckling when Michelle yelped as I pulled her onto my lap.

“You’re sticking close to me for the night,” I told her in her ear.

She gave me a flirty smile over her shoulder. “What’s the matter? Think I’m going to run off with one of the other firefighters?”

My mischievous grin widened. “The only firefighter you’re running off with is me, sugar.”

I pressed a quick kiss to her lips. Her gaze lingered on me, reading me for what I wasn’t sure but I let her.

“Michelle, do you drink?”

Her head turned toward Don who’d asked, breaking our eye contact. A wave of anger passed through me at the interruption. I was growing greedier and greedier with her time.

“Sure, I do. Thanks, Don.”

Don nodded at Michelle before handing me a bottle as well. We all hung out and talked about all kinds of shit. Most of the women at the table were interested in hearing story after story of the brave men who walked into fire to pull people out. And the guys ate that shit up. Hero worship. I’d seen it plenty of times. Hell, I’d even gotten plenty of pussy from it. But when I adjusted Michelle in my lap, encircling her lush body with my arms, I knew hero worship couldn’t compare to what this was.

“Are you okay?” she questioned, staring down at me.

“Why wouldn’t I be?”

She shrugged. “I’ve been sitting on your lap for a while. I just wanted to make sure you were comfortable. I could grab a chair if–” Her statement was cut off when she tried to stand up. I pulled her back onto my lap.

“You’re not going anywhere.” I relaxed when she fell back against my chest, arm around my shoulders.

“Hey, Michelle. You’re an event planner, right?” Corey called across the table.

She nodded. “I am.”

“We were just discussing the annual firefighter picnic earlier. Rescue Four didn’t attend last summer, but we’re thinking of hosting it this year.”

“Annual picnic?”

“Yeah,” I interjected. “Each year one squad from the department hosts the picnic at a local park. All the squads in attendance compete against one another for prizes, but it’s mostly for pride.”

“No shit it’s for pride!” Don belted out, pointing his beer bottle in my direction. “Rescue Four has been jipped for the last five fucking years. And since we didn’t have enough lieutenants last year, we opted out.” His eyes shifted over to Eric. “Now that Harvard’s got us back in the game with lieutenants …”

“Sean, too!” Angela added, speaking up for her brother while she sat on Eric’s lap.

Don nodded. “Sean, too. We got enough lieutenants and we’re going back for that damn trophy.”

“There’s a trophy involved?” Michelle questioned, excited.

“Prettier than the Stanley fucking Cup.”

“Watch your goddamn mouth when speaking to my woman,” I shouted at Don.

He merely winked at Michelle, his dark eyes gleaming.

“So, what do ya say, dollface? You willing to help us bring that trophy home where it belongs?”

“How can I help?” Michelle’s brows were furrowed in the cutest yet sexiest way I’d ever seen on a woman. She leaned an elbow on the table.

“We need you to plan the event. Make it all pretty like, so when we kick those fuck … squads’ asses, they’ll at least have pretty memories of the event.” Don grinned.

“Don’t ask my woman to do any extra work for you. She’s busy enough.”

“It’s not just for me. It’s for Rescue Four, which includes you, too, Richie Money Bags.”

I growled, hating it when Don taunted me with my family’s wealth.

“Richie Money Bags?” Michelle leaned back, laughing eyes looking down at me.

“He’s a prick.”

“Be nice. You know he teases because he knows it gets under your skin.”

“Only where you’re concerned.”

Her smile softened and she cupped the side of my face, leaning in for a quick kiss. My temper deflated instantly.

“I’d love to help organize the annual picnic.” She turned back to Don by that point.

I just wondered how long it’d be before I could get us out of here and alone.





~ Chapter Eleven ~

Carter

I felt like a total fucking heel for bringing her here. The condo. The bachelor pad as my brothers often referred to it as.

“This is your place?” Michelle asked, as we strolled toward the elevator.

We’d just come from Charlie’s and in my anxiousness to get her alone for the rest of the night, I’d brought her here.

“Yeah, kind of.” I punched the elevator button for the penthouse suite and then stuck in my key card that granted only a handful of people in the world access to this part of the building.

“Kind of?” She eyed me suspiciously. “What? Don’t tell me, you own the entire building not just the penthouse suite?” She laughed.

“No, definitely not that.” I shook my head. My family’s company owned the actual building, but I decided that didn’t need to be said. Instead, I pinned her back to the wall of the elevator, dipped my head in the crook of her neck, and inhaled, letting my lips brush up the side of her neck. I grinned when I her entire body shuttered in my arms.

“Did I ever tell you, you were dangerous?” She moaned.

“Maybe.” I planted a kiss everywhere, until I finally reached her mouth, drawing her tongue into mine, sucking on it. Another moan from her caused my entire body to inflame.

Before I could get too carried away, the elevator buzzed and the door opened to the living room of the suite. I stepped aside, and watched as Michelle’s eyes bulged. Her jaw dropped slightly as her enlarged eyes scanned the shiny, hardwood floors, spacious living room, decorated modern furnishings of earth tones.

I took her hand in mine, guiding her out of the elevator and down the three stairs to the actual living room.

“This is quite a place,” she stated, looking around at the grand piano that sat in the corner by the floor to ceiling window. I’d been telling Tyler to get rid of that fucking thing for more than two years now, but he insisted that women loved it. “Do you play?”

I let out a deep laugh. “Not since the fifth grade when I stuck a frog inside the sound band of my teacher’s piano. My mother got the hint after that and let me drop the lessons.”

Michelle gasped. “You didn’t!”

“I did. And I have absolutely no regrets about it either.”

I pulled her by the arm to me, placed her hands on my shoulders, and let my own hands fall to her wide hips, squeezing them. “Did you have a good time at Charlie’s?”

She nodded and leaned into me.

“Good.” I pulled my cell phone out of my pocket, pressing the button for the bluetooth to connect with the system that had been installed in the walls of the condo. Moments later, soft music filled the room.

“We never did get to finish that dance at my parents’ place.” My voice was low in her ear.

“I didn’t know firefighters could dance,” she teased.

“Sugar, I can do anything you want me to.”

A soft giggle poured from her lips. When her tongue darted out to moisten her bottom lip, the need for words ceased, and the demand for action became paramount. Dipping my head, I captured her lips with mine. Caught by surprise, her gasp left her mouth open for my assault. My tongue rolled over hers, my hunger growing by the seconds. My cock began straining against my jeans, seeking the one place that had come to feel like home. Michelle’s hands tightened around my shoulders, pulling me even more so with the same urgency I felt.

“Do you have to go home tonight?” I questioned, panting against her lips.

“N-no. My mom’s caring for Diego.”

I nodded then fused our lips together once again, satisfied that for the night, she was all mine. I began walking her back toward my bedroom. We hadn’t even gotten to the door of the bedroom when a loud noise startled Michelle. She jumped in my arms, breaking our kiss. The movement of the elevator doors caught my attention and my head darted in its direction. Seconds later, loud, female giggling flowed from the elevator. A pair of long, stockings-clad legs stepped off the elevator. My frown immediately turned into a scowl when I saw the man behind her.

“Carter. Shit, what’re you doing here?” my youngest brother questioned.

“The fuck are you doing here, Tyler?” I demanded, pissed at the interruption.

“I’m resting for the second week after getting injured.” The stupid grin he wore on his face relayed he thought this was some type of fun coincidence. His green eyes drifted to Michelle and they filled with humor.

“I see we had the same idea.” His eyes narrowed. “You look familiar.”

I stepped in front of Michelle, cutting off his line of sight. “Mind your fucking business,” I growled. We mostly certainly had not had the same idea. I didn’t even bother to glance at the groupie he’d brought back to the place.

“You share this place with your brother?”

I glanced over my shoulder into Michelle’s questioning, honey eyes that always made me feel a little weak in the knees.

“Share? This is my place, sweetheart. My big brother bestowed me with his bachelor pad when he bought his own home. Although he still uses it for one-nighters on occasion.”

My eyes slowly blinked closed on Michelle’s gasp. I’m going to kill that son of a bitch with my bare hands. And then I’m going to call my parents and tell them I did it.

“Is that so?” Michelle’s question was filled with indignity. Her eyes cut back to me. I could see she was totally getting the wrong idea from Tyler’s description.

“No–”

“Oh, yeah. All the badge bunnies are brought back here.” Tyler laughed as if this were the funniest shit he could imagine.

“What the hell is a badge bunny?”

“Women who chase men with badges. Cops and firefighters, especially.” Tyler snapped his fingers. “I remember you, you worked the event for Townsend Industries, right?”

I heard Michelle mumble something behind me before pivoting around one of the foot stools in the living room and heading toward the elevator.

“That was a great event–”

“Tyler, if you say one more fucking word, I’m going to kick your ass from here to kingdom come! You’ll never be able to play football … hell, you won’t even be able to play rock, paper, scissors by the time I’m done with you!” I shouted. I didn’t have time to register the shock on the woman’s face or the continued mirth Tyler’s eyes displayed because I was too occupied staring at Michelle’s back.

“Michelle, wait!” I called, sticking my hand in between the closing doors of the elevator.

“I’m going home,” she stated sternly, arms folded over her breasts.

“Listen, Tyler’s a loser. Has no idea what the fuck he’s talking about.” I was talking fast since the firm line of her mouth let me know she wasn’t playing around.

“I’m not one of your damn badge bunnies!” She stomped her foot. I had to admonish myself from thinking how fucking beautiful she looked, even angry.

“I don’t have badge bunnies,” I retorted. She gave me the sharpest look I’d ever seen on a woman.

“Who the hell do you think you’re lying to? A man who looks like you, is a goddamn hero for a living, and is one of the heirs to one of the wealthiest families in the country has badge bunnies, groupies, and woman of all types clamoring for his attention.” She exhaled a sharp breath, her chest heaving up and down.

I decided to take a risk, because fuck it, risks were meant to be taken, especially when the stakes were as high as they felt right then. I wasn’t willing to lose Michelle, especially not because of some misconceived notion of who she thought I was, in part thanks to my shithead brother.

“Don’t come near me!” she hissed, but I didn’t listen.

I pressed the button to stop the elevator where it was. I stepped into her personal space, crowding her until her back was against the wall.

“I’m not taking you home.”

Her eyes squinted but she didn’t say anything.

“Tyler’s an ass.”

“You said the same thing about your other brother, too. Maybe it’s you who’s the ass!” she snarked, and my lips curled into a grin. I was definitely liking this feisty side of her just as much as the sweet-natured side she more readily showed.

“You might be right on that. And as I recall, I called Aaron a prick. Not an ass.”

Her eyes pivoted back to me. She still remained silent, but her face softened a little.

“So all of the men in your family are either pricks or asses?”

My eyes rolled up to the ceiling and I pondered for a moment. “Pretty much,” I conceded.

“Then why should I even contemplate seeing you again?”

“Because we might be asses, but we Townsends are nothing if not loyal.”

“Even Aaron?” she questioned, raising an eyebrow.

“Especially Aaron.”

My brother was a grade A jackass, but the one thing I would never question about him was his loyalty.

“Tyler was right,” I confessed. “This used to be my place. I let him have it two years ago when I bought my own home.”

“So, you have your own home but bring me to your brother’s bachelor pad?” The anger was back in her tone.

“Yes, but only because it would’ve taken too long to get to my place.”

“Taken too long for what?”

“For me to get inside of you.” I lowered my head so that my lips hovered just above hers. “I’m an ass and a selfish one at that,” I stated, moving in to nuzzle the side of her face with my nose. “I wanted you more than the time it took to get to my house. So, I brought us somewhere closer.” That was the truth. That, and another reason I was slightly too embarrassed to admit right then.

“How do I know you’re not lying?” She pulled back to stare up at me. Her eyes had softened, but she was still wary.

“I told you I’d–”

“Prove it.”

I raised an eyebrow.

“You told me you’d never lie to me. Prove it. I want to see your home.”

My head dropped a little, my chest enlarged on an inhale and, I averted my gaze. I debated on how to handle this. When I felt her shoulders slump against me, I knew that she conceded that I was lying. I couldn’t have that.

“Okay,” I finally responded. “I’ll take you to my home.” I took a step back and turned to press the button to allow the elevator to carry us back down to the ground floor. If she wanted to see my home, then so be it.



****

Michelle

“You live in Cedarcrest?” I asked, as we passed the sign that read “Welcome to Cedarcrest.” It was one of the wealthiest communities located just outside the city of Williamsport. Come to think of it, the community wasn’t too far from where Carter’s parents lived, just on the border of the city.

“Yup.” His response was quiet. I could feel his mind wandering as we drove.

It’d taken nearly thirty minutes to drive out there. My eyes passed over houses that were triple and quadruple the size of the small home I’d grown up in. My vision finally landed on a massive, modern-styled home, most of which was covered in tanned colored siding, with the lower level of the left side of the house covered in brick siding. Out front I saw a spacious lawn that looked like it had been cut every once in awhile but nothing else had been done to maintain it. The light illuminated the porch and driveway as soon as we turned in.

Carter parked his Yukon in the driveway instead of pulling into the garage as I thought he would. He sighed heavily, turning off the car and climbing out. I watched as he rounded the front of the car, coming to pull my door open. He was quiet as he opened the door, holding his hand out to me to help me down.

“You seem nervous,” I remarked. I could feel his tension.

“I don’t get nervous.”

Those eyes turned down on me and my belly flip flopped. But I still could see there was an unsureness in his eyes.

“Liar,” I mumbled, and then laughed, unintentionally, when he made a growling sound in his throat.

“Okay, sugar. You asked for it,” he stated, pressing the code for his home. Seconds later the door unlatched and he pushed it open.

“You don’t even use a key.”

He shrugged. “No need.” He took a step back, to allow me to enter first just as the inside lights came on.

I stepped inside the entranceway and was completely thrown by what I saw. I heard Carter sigh from behind me as the door closed. I looked around and realized aside from the cream carpeting there was … nothing. His home was just about bare, save for an ugly black futon that sat in the room to the right that looked as if it was supposed to be a study. The design of the house was beautiful. There were two spiraling staircases upon first entrance, that led up to the second floor. The home was spacious, and even standing close to the front entrance I could make out an open kitchen down the hall on the other side of the house. But it was bare. As if no one lived there.

I abruptly turned to Carter. “How long ago did you say you bought this house?”

His head dropped. “Two years ago.”

“Two years you’ve lived here and you have no furniture?” My eyebrows were nearly touching my hairline. I took a few more steps inside, still shocked by the sight of barely any furniture, no pictures or accessories of any sort, lining the walls. Nothing.

“I have some furniture,” he grumbled, coming up behind me.

“Baby, an ugly futon does not count as furniture.” I pointed at the monstrosity, amusement filling my voice. My lips twitched and I did my best to keep from laughing. Now I knew why he really took me to the condo instead of here. Yes, his home was much farther out, but also because of this.

“You’re laughing at me?” he questioned, mischief filling his penetrating gaze.

I tried to shake my head no, but a laugh finally spilled from my lips. “I’m sorry, but, baby, this is a little pathetic.” I nearly doubled over.

“I sleep at the station a lot working overnights. Or, I stay at the condo downtown a few times a week.”

I don’t know why, but that made me laugh even more. I held my stomach.

“Oh, you think this is still funny, huh?” His voice was consumed with mirth and censure. Before I could take my next inhale, in one fell swoop he lifted me over his shoulder and turned to head up the staircase.

“Carter!” I shrilled, but held tightly to his waist, fearing he’d lose his grip and I’d fall. “Put me down before you drop me!”

I yelped when a hard smack to my upturned ass stung my cheeks.

“The only place I’m dropping you is onto my cock!”

“Oh my God! You’re so damn dirty.”

Another smack to my ass as he mounted the stairs, with me still firmly tossed over his shoulder. I tried to reach down and smack his ass to cause him even a slight bit of the humiliation he was causing me, but he just chuckled. When we made it up the last step he turned right down a long hallway coming to stop in front of a closed door. I thought he was going to put me down, I should’ve expected otherwise. He removed one of his hands from my body, but his left arm was still securely around my thighs, holding me in place. A second later, he kicked the door open and we strolled into a darkened room. He reached for the light but all I could see was the grey carpeting that covered the room’s floor, as well as a wooden dresser that stood against the right wall. He had more furniture in what I guessed was his bedroom. Before I could assess my whereabouts fully, I was tossed onto the bed.

I blinked a few times, letting the dizziness from the blood that rushed to my head subside. I looked around to see that I was plopped onto a huge bed, covered in the softest sheets and blanket I’d ever felt. When my vision cleared, I could see that this was indeed the master bedroom, and it was definitely more furnished than the rest of the house. Finally, I turned to look back to the man in front of me. His eyes were trained on me. My body heated just from the look he was giving me. As always, his eyes ate me up.

“We’ll talk about my lack of furniture in the morning.” His voice was low, singeing every nerve in my body. When his hands went to my ankles and tugged me farther down the bed, closer to him, I gasped. His hands trailed up my calves and down my thighs until he reached my lace panties. His lips spread into a smirk as if he knew I’d worn the panties just for him.

“Love the lace, sugar. But your bare pussy is what’s most attractive.”

Goosebumps sprang up on my arms. I’d never been turned on by dirty talk, but Carter made everything sound so good. As if every word formed on his lips was specifically selected just for me.

He slid my panties down my legs, then removed my shoes before getting on the bed to help me sit up to pull my dress over my head. I let him strip me completely bare and exposed for him. I was past the point of being ashamed of my body. He’d very much demonstrated how attracted he was to me, despite my not being a size two.

“Enough ogling. More touching,” I demanded when his stare was no longer enough for me.

A deep chuckle in his throat was his response. He stepped off the bed.

“Carter!” I growled, ready to lunge at him and take what was mine if he insisted on playing. This damn man had me all hot and heavy while he was taking his sweet time.

“Are you in a rush, sugar?” he commented, slowly unbuttoning his shirt, finally revealing his hard chest.

I crawled to the edge of the bed and pushed this shirt down his shoulders with my hands. I glanced down at his spectacular chest coated in an array of colors, and those damn piercings. Leaning forward, I licked the outline of the Williamsport Fire Department coat of arms tattoo, adoring the salty and sweet taste of his skin. I moved to lick around his nipple and then sucked the metal of his piercing into my mouth.

“Who’s teasing now, sugar?” His voice was tight with arousal.

I wasn’t given time to answer when I found myself flat on my back, his broad body hovering above me. Instinctively, my legs went up to wrap around his lower back.

“Mmm,” I moaned when his head lowered to my breast and his hand went to my soaked core. “Carter,” I whispered his name, when I felt his finger breach my nether region. My hips jumped.

“Always have to make sure you’re ready for me,” he said on a groan before connecting our lips again. Too soon he broke the kiss and reached over me for the dresser by the side of the bed. I watched as he slowly pulled his other hand from my body and lowered the gold foil wrapper to his waist. I had no idea when he’d unbuttoned and removed his pants, but he was bare, letting me see all of him.

My eyelids drooped, and I worried my bottom lip. I had to remind myself that this wasn’t our first time together, and that he’d be able to fit inside of me.

“Give me your hand.”

My gaze flew to his, and he didn’t wait for me to respond. He took my right hand in his and brought it to his stiff member. I was barely able to wrap my hands around it.

“Put me inside of you.”

He was serious. He urged me with his cock in my hands to guide him to where I needed him most. He watched intently, lowering to his elbows to lay above me, hips high. I widened my legs to give myself more room to maneuver. With his eyes on me and mine locked on his, I did as he’d instructed, pulling him into me. My chest caved when he penetrated me. I had to stop to allow myself time to adjust but Carter’s impatience must’ve worn off because he took my hand in his, raising it over my head, and finished pushing himself into me until our hips collided. I was still pulling in air from the breath that I’d just lost when he pulled out and pushed all the way again.

“Holy shit!” I screamed, back arching off the bed.

“Such a dirty mouth, sugar. Let me show you what to do with that mouth.”

He nipped at my bottom lip and then penetrated my mouth. I clung to him in every way I could. He released my arm from over my head and I pulled his shoulders to me, pushing my head back against the pillows when he moved to my neck, his beard scraping against the soft skin of my face and neck.

I pushed my knees into his hips as he ground his body into mine, causing all types of assault on me. Loud sounds of moaning and the screeching of the bed filled the room. Without notice, Carter rolled us over so that I was on top of him.

“I want to watch you ride me,” he informed.

I pressed against this chest to sit all the way up. His hands went to my hips, fingers digging into my skin. My breasts felt heavy, nipples aching painfully.

“Ride me,” he groaned, and the sound sent a shiver through me.

I lifted, rising on his shaft before lowering onto him over and over again. One of his hands moved to pinch the nipple of my left breast while the other moved to my clit. The combination of his penetration, massaging my clit, and the pressure on my breast caused me to feel overwhelmed with pleasure flooding my veins. I threw my head back, hips still moving ― at this point, uncontrollably. I leaned into him, again letting my hands fall to his chest, preparing me to let go.

“That’s it, sugar. Come for me. Let me see it.”

I locked my eyes with his and did as he requested. I surrendered to the orgasm that needed to break free. My entire body shuddered as I sat above Carter. I moaned and ground my hips onto his, my inner walls tightening and clamping around his rod. By the time the last shudder left my body, Carter rolled us and I was on my back, him above me, thrusting in and out of me again. I felt his hand on my sensitive button again and couldn’t believe he was working to wring out another orgasm from me. And my body, of course, began to respond to him instead of my silent pleading for it not to.

“Carter, I can’t,” I begged.

“Yes, you can, sugar.” The need in his voice alone jolted my entire body and I jumped. He continued to pump his hips, taking his pleasure and leaving me writhing on the bed. But soon, a tingling began down in my toes and moved up my legs until it erupted in my core, filling my entire body. I clung to Carter, who leaned down, embracing me in a bear hug, and shivered as his body released its own orgasm.

For a long while we laid like that, glued to one another. Our sweaty skin clinging to each other, as our breaths caught.

“You are amazing.” He picked his head up, staring at me, satisfaction filling those ocean blues of his. “I love you.”

I just stared at him, unable to speak because I was already worn out from the two orgasms and this was the biggest shock of all. He meant it. There was no doubt in my mind that he meant every part of those three words.

Leaning down, he kissed the tip of my nose. “I’ll be right back.” He pulled free of my body and I moaned at the feeling of his withdrawal from me. I watched as he moved to a closed door and opened it. I saw that it was a bathroom. Seconds later he returned with a warm towel, wiping me before returning to the bathroom. He shut the light off when he returned and got back in the bed, enfolding me in his arms, spooning me.

“I love you, too,” I whispered.

After a few moments of silence he returned, “I know,” right before I fell asleep.





~ Chapter Twelve ~

Michelle

I felt his eyes on me before I opened mine.

“Do you always watch people in their sleep?” I asked, my eyes still closed.

The low rumble of his chuckle had my nipples tingling already. “Just you, sugar. Just you.”

I peeled my eyes open to see his, and the tingling moved from my breasts, down my abdomen, and into my sensitive folds.

“Did you sleep well?” He reached up and moved a lock of hair that had fallen over my face.

“Yes,” I answered, covering my mouth with my hand.

His brow wrinkled. “What’re you doing?”

“Morning breath,” I whispered.

He laughed and sat up, stripping the covers from our bodies.

“Carter!” I shouted when he lifted me off the bed with such ease. He obviously loved carrying me. “What are you doing?” I returned his question.

“Bathroom. So we can brush our teeth.”

Naked as the day we were born he strutted to the bathroom, and placed me in between the two faucets on the porcelain countertop.

“Two sinks?” I questioned, looking between the faucets.

“His and hers.” He gestured his head toward the sink he stood in front of and then the other one.

“You have his and her sinks?” I questioned, folding my arms over my breasts, anger starting to form in my pit.

His hand paused on the plastic wrapper of the toothbrush he’d been opening. He moved a few inches to stand in front of me, between my legs. He didn’t speak for a long while, instead letting his gaze rove over my face, down my body, and stopping at my breasts. As soon as he did, they began throbbing, aching for his touch again. But I held onto my anger as best I could.

“I had this house built two years ago. And you’re the first guest outside of my family that has ever seen the inside of it.”

I wanted to ask if he was being serious, but I knew what his response would be.

“I had it built for the family I knew I’d have one day. And the only woman I’d allow inside would be the woman I married and gave my name to.” He stared at me so fiercely, so intently that my mouth went dry. I didn’t have a response to his declaration and apparently he didn’t need one. He pressed a quick kiss to my opened lips and stepped back, finished opening the toothbrush, ran it under water, applied the toothpaste, and handed it to me before saying, “Brush your teeth since you’re so concerned with morning breath. I want you to be minty fresh before I take you again right here on this counter.”

I gasped and grabbed the toothbrush from him. I swore I was soaking the ceramic countertop by how wet his statements had just made me.

“Don’t move from this position,” he growled. “Brush.”

I obeyed, brushing my teeth, all the while him staring at me as he did the same. He handed me a glass of water and I rinsed my mouth. And true to his word, he took the used toothbrush from me, tossing it aside, moved in between my legs, and unwrapped another foil wrapper. He slipped the condom on his veiny shaft just before nudging my knees apart, and he claimed me again in the bathroom.

“What would you like for breakfast?” he asked as we descended the stairs a little while later. I wore the shirt he’d donned the night before, while Carter had on a pair of jogging pants and nothing else.

“You have food?” I questioned, snarkily, which earned me a smack on my ass. “Ouch!”

“Come here, lemme kiss it,” he insisted when I yelped and rubbed my backside.

“I had to ask. No way you have no furniture but have a refrigerator full of food.”

“I got anything you want. And whatever I don’t have, we can have ordered.”

He guided me to the open kitchen area. He picked me up yet again and sat me on the granite counter of the kitchen island. He moved from me to the large, metal double doors of the refrigerator, pulling it open. I was delighted to find that it was filled with groceries.

“I don’t need furniture to feel at home but I do need good food.”

I frowned. “I thought you said you didn’t like cooking?”

“I said I don’t like cooking for myself. I do it when I have to but I much prefer cooking for others.”

“I stand corrected.” I smiled.

He turned to look at me over his shoulder. “I love a woman who can admit when she’s wrong.”

My belly did backwards somersaults. That was the second time he’d mentioned the word love in less than twelve hours.

“Careful with that L word. Say it too many times and I might get used to it.” I almost said, I might believe it, but I already did. This man didn’t lie to get what he wanted from women.

“You might as well get used to it, sugar. You’ll be hearing it a lot more from here on out.”

He turned back to the fridge and I hungrily watched the contoured muscles of his back flex and ripple with even the slightest movements of his. Unlike his chest, his back didn’t hold any tattoos but his arm did. From what I was able to make out, it had something to do with the army.

“How about I prepare my world famous banana French toast? Do you eat sausage?”

“Sure do. And what’s so world famous about your French toast?”

“Because only a select few have ever gotten me to make it for them. Very few people outside of my family, my best friend, Andy, and my brothers down at the station house have had my French toast. It’s famous for being so secretive.” He gathered all the ingredients, placing them on the counter next to me.

“Can I help?” I offered.

“You are helping.”

“I’m just sitting here.”

“Exactly. Your beautiful face and tousled hair is all the inspiration I need.”

I laughed. “That makes no sense.” But I wasn’t about to argue any further. I fixed breakfast for a very picky six-year-old boy every morning. A break from cooking was well in order.

“You want to help. Tell me about Diego.”

My eyebrow raised. “My son?”

He nodded, staring down at the bowl he was now mashing up two overripe bananas in. “You said he’s the most important thing in your life. Tell me about him.”

My heartstrings tugged at the thought of my little boy. “I was twenty-three when he was born, and from the day he entered this world he’s been the center of mine.”

He glanced up at me with smiling eyes and I felt safe enough to continue.

“He was the sweetest baby. Only crying when he was really hungry or needed to be changed. He’d go to just about anybody.” I laughed. “He’s still like that today. He’s never met a stranger. He’s in the second grade and does well in all his classes, but the only common complaint from teachers since he was in preschool, was that his teachers can’t get him to stop talking.” I grinned, shaking my head. “Earlier this school year, I went to a parent-teacher conference and the teacher complained about his talking. I asked Diego about it and he said ‘It’s not my fault, Mama. Michael's new to our school and didn’t have any friends. I just wanted him to feel welcomed.’ How am I supposed to get mad at that?”

“You got me there. I hope you took him out for ice cream.”

I giggled. “I actually did. He’s so sensitive, and wants everyone to feel included. My sweet boy.”

“He sounds like a good kid.”

“He’s the best. Except when he insists I make his blueberry pancakes and eggs every morning for his breakfast.”

“Every morning?” Carter moved to the other side of me, placing a pan on one of the eye’s of the stove.

“Yup.” I nodded. “He will only eat my blueberry pancakes and eggs. Homemade by the way. He refuses anything from the box. And I have to pack his lunches every morning because he will only eat peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, cut into triangles, that have been made by Mom or Grandma. He insists on fruit with his lunch, but it has to be cut up, no matter what type of fruit. Even his grapes must be cut in half.”

“He sounds like a riot,” he laughed, flipping the first two slices of French toast.

“That smells delicious.” I nodded at the pan.

“It’ll taste even better.”

“I bet it will.”

Our eyes caught and before I knew it, Carter was in front of me, taking his fill of my lips before moving back to the stove. I licked my lips, savoring the kiss that hadn’t lasted long enough.

“What about his father?”

My body froze, a thread of fear moving down my spine. I’d almost forgotten about Gabriel. I wished I could forget all about him. I turned back to Carter’s whose eyes were on the stove. I was sure he’d missed my bodily reaction at the mention of Diego’s father.

“He’s not in the picture. Not really.”

He dredged another slice of bread through the banana and egg mixture before placing it into the hot pan. He lowered the temperature of the stove’s eye before turning fully to me again.

“He’s not around?”

I swallowed and took a sip of the bottle of water he’d given me earlier.

“Not regularly. He’s been inconsistent.”

“Does he provide financial support?”

“Some.” And by some, I meant only paying for Diego’s school expenses, but that was enough for me. Excelor Academy was the most expensive and exclusive school in the city.

Carter’s jaw tightened, as if he was grinding his teeth together.

“Breakfast is almost done, looks like,” I stated, infusing my voice with excitement. I was ready to get off the subject of Gabriel.

“Taste test first,” he said before cutting a piece of one of the pieces of bread. He brought it over to me on a fork, holding it up in front of my mouth. “Open.”

My jaw slackened, falling open at his command. He slid the fork into my mouth, pulling it out slowly once my lips had clamped down around it. I chewed, relishing the sweet taste of banana and the delightfully soft texture of the French toast. By the time I swallowed, I was ready for my next bite, and Carter was waiting to feed me again.

I ate my entire breakfast on that kitchen counter ― Carter feeding me forkful after forkful of French toast, sausage, and some fruit he’d cut up. I don’t even remember him eating himself, instead he seemed to be satiated from watching me eat. It was the best meal I’d had in a very long time.



****

Carter

“How come you parked your car in the driveway?”

I peered over at Michelle’s wet body, still wrapped in a towel from the shower we’d taken together. She sat on the edge of the bed, rubbing her body down with moisturizing cream. I, once again, made a silent note in my head to send her mother a bouquet of flowers for agreeing to keep Michelle’s son until that evening. I’d asked her to remain with me for the rest of the day and thanks to her mom, she agreed.

“Carter,” her voice snapped my attention back to her face.

“Sorry, sugar. I get lost looking at you.”

She rolled her eyes but the smile that broke out on her face said what she was really thinking.

“What’d you ask?”

“I asked how come you parked your car in the garage.”

“Oh. ’Cause my garage is reserved for my real vehicle.”

She frowned.

“Finish dressing and I’ll show you.” I threw a dark T-shirt over my head and a pair of faded jeans. We had plans to go see a movie. I was doing my best to be a gentleman and not keep her in bed all day, her legs locked around my waist. But that’s what I really wanted to do.

A few minutes later, we were headed to my garage through the mudroom. I opened the door and took her hand.

“Watch your step,” I said, gesturing toward the three concrete stairs that led to the main garage space. In the middle sat my second favorite baby. Obviously, my Ducati had moved to number two on my list since Michelle came along.

“Whoa,” she stated. “That’s a serious motorcycle.”

I grinned. “She gets parked in the garage. The Yukon remains outside,” I stated, answering her question from earlier.”

“You’re such a guy.” She giggled when I pulled her to me, encircling her waist.

“What’s that mean?”

“It means you’re such a guy. You have no … practically no furniture,” she corrected herself. “And two very up-to-date vehicles. The cost of one of which could probably furnish this entire home.”

“Probably,” I agreed. “But I’m not a guy. I’m a man. A man who waited for the right woman to come along to even think about furnishing any part of my home. I wanted this place to be hers as much as it is mine.”

Her shoulders sagged a little, and she lowered her face to my chest. “When you say things like that …” She trailed off.

“What? You believe me?”

She sighed but remained silent for a long while. My hands tightened around her waist. I was doing my absolute best to hold back. Yes, it was very early in our relationship but my instincts never lied. They’d saved my ass more times than I could count. And I was a Townsend. My father had told all of his sons that Townsend men just know when they’ve met the right one. We were laser focused in that area. I hadn’t paid him much attention when I was younger, but since the first time I’d met Michelle, she’d made a believer out of me. I’d pursue her with more intensity than I had when joining the army or fighting fires.

Her head popped up from my chest. “Let’s go for a ride.” Her eyes were wide with anticipation.

“We’ll miss the movie, sugar.”

She shrugged. “There’ll be other movies. Please.”

My knees damn near buckled at the sight and sound of her pleading. I was a strong man. Fuck that, I felt damn near indestructible most days, having survived countless close calls, but a short plea from her and the mere idea of denying her whatever she wanted was unfathomable.

I withdrew my hand from her waist and reached to the nearby shelf, pulling one of my extra helmets from it.

She frowned. “It’ll mess up my hair.”

“No helmet. No ride.” Turns out there were some things I could deny her. “Safety is paramount.”

“I bet you’ve ridden without a helmet.”

“I’m willing to risk my own life. Not yours. Put on the helmet, sugar.”

I was actually slightly saddened when her pout was covered up by the helmet. I pressed the button to open the garage door and pulled the bike out and around my Yukon. When that was done, I removed the helmet from Michelle’s head to give her a few pointers on how to hold onto me as we rode. Her excitement spilled over onto me and I silently asked God for his protection as we set out, knowing that I’d be too easily distracted by the pressing of her breasts to my back. I pulled her arms tightly around my waist, and looked over my shoulder.

“You ready?”

She nodded and I revved the engine a little before pulling off. I laughed when Michelle gave a little yell of excitement. Instead of going out the main entrance of the community, I circled around and took the back street, that led to a long, windy, mostly secluded road. We rode on that road for close to forty-five minutes, speeding up to fifty miles per hour. I often went much faster on my bike, but I wasn’t willing to take that chance with my woman on the back. When I finally stopped, we’d reached an overlook that peered down onto Williamsport.

“When can I have a turn at driving?” Michelle questioned once she ripped her helmet off, and swung her hair away from her face a little. We were sitting face-to-face on my bike with the engine off.

I pulled her face to me, kissing her lips because I needed to.

“Never,” I answered once I pulled back. “Frown all you want.”

She giggled. “That was fun.”

“First time on a motorcycle?”

She nodded. “But not my last.”

“Only if it’s my bike.”

“I wouldn’t trust anyone else.”

My damn chest tightened.

“Do you come out here a lot?” She looked around, taking note of the lake that wasn’t too far from where we parked.

“Sometimes.”

“It’s beautiful here. Close enough to the city, but still quiet.”

“It’s why Josh decided to start a development here.”

“Josh is the brother right after you, right?”

I nodded.

“And Tyler is the youngest.”

My eyes narrowed at the mention of my youngest, dipshit brother.

“You complain about them but it’s obvious how much you love them.”

I turned my eyes back on Michelle who was observing me.

“Even the mean one.”

I smirked at her description of Aaron.

“What’s his deal?”

I shook my head. “What isn’t his deal? He’s been through some things, I guess,” I replied, making light of Aaron’s background.

“What did you say to him to convince him to talk to my boss again?”

“I told him I would kick his ass for messing with my woman.” I scowled just remembering how pissed I was the day I went to see Aaron after Michelle came to me at the station. I turned and looked down when I heard giggles coming from the woman in front of me.

“You didn’t really threaten him, did you?”

“Damn straight I did. But he wasn’t afraid to get his ass kicked by me so I had to use something else.”

“What’d you use?”

“Threatened the one thing that would get under his skin. Townsend Industries.”

Michelle’s head snapped backwards and the space between her eyebrows creased. “How’d you use Townsend Industries against him?”

I pushed out a breath and told Michelle all about how I told Aaron I’d use my stake in the company against him as CEO if he didn’t get her, her job back.

“You did that for me?” Her voice was filled with a little bit of awe.

“Of course, sugar.”

Her honey brown eyes softened and shone, and just as she bit her bottom lip I wanted to lean in and take what was mine again. Instead, I was thrown off when she shoved me away.

“Good! It was your damn fault I got in trouble in the first place.”

My chest rumbled with laughter that eventually spilled out of my mouth. She was right but I wasn’t about to make any apologies.

“Come here.” I pulled her pouting mouth to me and wiped that little frown off her face. Before I could get too carried away, I released her from the kiss and then repositioned ourselves on the bike, with Michelle’s back to my chest. Even our breathing was in sync as we sat quietly watching the cars down below pass by.

“How often do you come up here?”

“Not a lot anymore. I used to come frequently when I first moved into the house. I had a lot of time to myself then.” My voice sounded weighed down by a pair of dumbbells.

Michelle turned to look at me over her shoulder. I only caught her out of my peripheral as I was staring out into the distance.

“Why’d you have so much free time?”

I clenched my jaw and peered down at her before staring off into the distance again. “I’d been having some trouble at work.”

“What kind of trouble?” She turned to face out into the distance again, but her hand rose to stroke the side of my beard.

It was all too comforting and I leaned into her soft palm. I sighed and briefly debated on how to say my next words. I had told Michelle she could trust me and that I wanted her to know everything about me. What I was about to reveal was one of my uglier truths, but for better or worse it was a part of what made me who I was.

“I’d been suspended from work. I got caught coming into work drunk and high on oxycodone.”

Her hand paused on my cheek and she sat up, turning to me. She stared at me, searching my eyes. I wasn’t proud of my past, nor was I ashamed, and so I wouldn’t look away from her.

“You were high at work?”

I nodded. “For the third time.”

Her eyes ballooned.

I lowered my head and clenched my fists before raising my head to look her in the eye. “I’d been going downhill for a while. A few years back, a lieutenant and I got trapped in a warehouse fire. A beam fell on us. I was injured but Gary got it the worse. He had removed his helmet and mask. His skull was nearly caved in. I tried my damndest to resuscitate him while the guys outside had to search for a way to get to us. By the time they did, Gary was dead and I had second degree burns, smoke inhalation, and a major back injury.”

“You were given oxycodone for the pain,” she stated just above a whisper.

“Yeah.”

“And it turned into a habit.” It wasn’t a question.

“Yes.”

“So what happened?”

“The final straw was Eric walking in on me stumbling around the bathroom.” I squeezed my fists, hating the memory of that embarrassment. “He reported me to the higher ups.”

“He reported you? You two seem so close when you’re around one another.” Shock was apparent in her voice.

“We are,” I countered. “Eric did what he was supposed to. My behavior wasn’t just endangering to myself. It put all of my brothers at the station house and the people we were supposed to be saving at risk.” I still regretted the position I’d put Eric in. “The brass put me on a six month suspension and demanded that I check into a thirty day rehab before I was able to return.”

“Did you go?” Michelle questioned as she leaned into my shoulder, laying her head down and starting to stroke my jaw again. Her touch was soothing the raw edges of pain from that time period.

I nodded slightly. “I went. Could’ve gotten out of it by using my name to throw my weight around but I knew I’d lose the respect of my teammates. And the last thing any guy in my squad wants is to lose the respect of the guys who walk through hell with him. They wouldn’t hold it against me for needing help, but they sure as fuck would hold my being a pussy and not owning up to what I’d done against me.”

“How was rehab?”

“A shithole.” I smirked and pressed a kiss to her lips when she giggled. “No really, it was one of those secluded, expensive places that a lot of celebs go to detox and get dry. My father saw to it that I’d have my privacy.”

“Your family supported you?”

“They did.” I’ll never forget the unquestioning support I received from all the members of my family and my squad.

“And the department let you return. No questions asked after your stay?”

“I took another thirty days off and continued to see a shrink for a few months after.”

“I’m sure that wasn’t easy to do for a guy like you.”

I gave her a curious look.

“You know what I mean. You’re the oldest of four brothers so you’ve obviously been looked up to your entire life. The last name you carry holds a lot of respect. You’re a damn special forces veteran and now, work for the toughest rescue squad in all of the Williamsport Fire Department. And you wear it naturally, as if you were born to carry the weight of it all. I imagine it took a lot ask for help.”

She had me pegged. Described perfectly the heart of who and what I was.

“It was the hardest thing I’d ever done.” In spite of that admission, I smiled, gazing down at her. “But instead of it being utterly humiliating as I thought it would’ve been, it was the most humbling and rewarding time of my life. I’ve fought wars and beat back hundreds of fires, but nothing showed me how tough I was like asking and receiving help.” I moved, pulling her into me again and resettling her head on my shoulder. Inhaling, I smelled the sweet scent of the moisturizer she’d put on at my place. “And if I hadn’t had that experience, we wouldn’t be here right now. And this,” I squeezed her hip with my left hand, “you are my destiny.”

It was quiet for a long while. I could feel her thoughts as they ran through her mind. I’d just laid a lot at her feet. There was still more where that came from, but I believed in doling out my secrets in doses. She would get to know all of me and I her, in due time.

“Have you taken drugs since then?”

I shook my head. “I haven’t picked up anything stronger than a beer in well over a year. I haven’t even touched ibuprofen since then.” I had no desire to.

I felt her head move as she nodded. “You were a situational user.”

I pinched my brows, wondering how she knew a rather clinical term. I’d heard counselors at the rehab center use it on occasion.

“I learned that phrase while reading up on addictions.” She sighed. “I wanted to learn more about my mom.”

My eyebrows spiked.

“She used drugs all my life from what I can remember. My father died of a heart attack when I was still a baby. I thought that maybe that was what set her off. Caused her to love drugs more than me. But I read and found out that it wasn’t just any one thing. She was an addict and she’d actually been using way before I came into the picture or my father died. My whole life I was the one taking care of her. At ten, I was running home from school on the first of the month to check the mailbox for my father’s social security check before she could get to it. I paid our rent and bought groceries. Sometimes … most times, I wasn’t quick enough so we wouldn’t have food for weeks because she spent everything on drugs. More than once, she sold my clothes and other belongings to get more money for her next fix. We moved from place to place.” She blew out a shaky breath, and I pulled her into me tightly. I hated the pain I heard in her voice as she relived those memories. Suddenly, another thought came to me.

“Isn’t your mother taking care of Diego right now?”

She sat up and gave me a half smile. “She got clean six years ago. Just before I gave birth to him. When I told her I was pregnant, she went to feel my belly and I moved back, shielding my unborn baby from her. Something changed in her right then. It’s weird to describe, but I saw it. As if she saw everything she’d put me through. The next day she called and told me she was finally checking herself into rehab. She didn’t make any promises beyond that, but even that willingness was different for her. I’d begged for years that she go to rehab but she refused, saying just a few NA meetings were all she needed. She barely did those, though. My expectations were low, however. By then, I’d had twenty-three years of being let down by her. I wasn’t about to get my hopes up. I had to protect myself and my son.” She paused, looking around and sighing.

“Anyway, she did ninety days at the rehab, then came home and did another ninety meetings in ninety days. It was the first six month period of time I’d ever known my mother to be drug-free. After I had Diego, she asked me to move in with her so she could help take care of him while I worked and went to school. I refused. I still didn’t trust her. I never left him alone with her. I was most surprised when she said she understood. She let me get comfortable at my own pace while she continued her meetings and her recovery. It took more than a year for me to leave Diego with her while I ran to the grocery store, let alone a full day at work. In her second year of sobriety, she got a job as a counselor at a shelter in the city. She provides services to other addicts and support to their families. Not until Diego was two did I leave him alone with her overnight. Slowly, I began trusting her more and more.” Her smile grew. “And Diego’s love for his grandma shows how much she has changed. She’s been clean going on seven years and she still works everyday to maintain it.”

I ran my thumb down the side of her cheek. “It’s incredible that you could forgive her after all of that.”

“It wasn’t easy.” She shook her head. “I was angry for a long time. How could she get clean and sober for my son, but not for me? You know?”

I nodded in agreement. That would’ve pissed me the hell off, too.

“It’s why I began reading about addiction. I thought it might help me learn to forgive her.”

“Did it?”

She gave a one shoulder shrug. “Somewhat. I learned that she honestly didn’t have a choice in the matter. I never understood when they say addiction is a disease, but I started to comprehend it a little more. It wasn’t until one day Diego was around four and he was begging me to let her come to the zoo with us. I watched how excited he became when I finally said yes. His eyes beamed and he jumped up and down, clapping. I thought, if my mom can make my son that excited, I could forgive her. After that, I began letting her into more of my life, not just my Diego’s.”

My hands went up to cup her face on their own accord. I pulled her in and right before our lips touched I said, “You’ve got the purest heart of anyone I know, sugar.”

Her gaze lowered. “I’m not perfect.”

“No one is, but you are perfect for me.” I sealed my comment with a kiss that could last forever. Unfortunately, I did have to cut it shorter than I wanted to get Michelle back home. That was the longest date I’d ever been on, excluding my bevy of one-night stands. And I hated for it to end. I vowed, that one day soon my home would become our home.





~ Chapter Thirteen ~

Carter

“Negative.”

I turned from my locker to look over my shoulder at my captain.

“Drug test came back negative. Just thought you’d want to know.” He nodded and turned to go back into his office. Captain was often a man of few words, which I appreciated.

I’d taken that damn drug test more than two weeks ago and had forgotten all about it. I knew it’d be negative so I hadn’t been too worried about it. And since telling Michelle about my prior troubles I’d felt a little lighter, more at peace. Her telling me about her mother brought us even closer together. We talked daily and went out as frequently as she would allow, not wanting to spend too many week nights away from her son. I did my best to be understanding. We were moving in the right direction, albeit too slow for my liking.

I closed my locker and sealed it with the lock before heading down to the kitchen where everyone was. It was early morning and I was hungry for breakfast.

“You making your world-famous French toast?” Don’s loud voice pierced my ears when he came up behind me at the refrigerator.

“You wish. You bozos don’t even have cinnamon or nutmeg. The hell type of firehouse is this?” I stood, slamming the fridge shut. “Hey, rookie, why don’t you make a breakfast run?” I yelled at the rookie who was just sitting down to a plate full of eggs and pancakes. I couldn’t remember his name and didn’t give a shit to even try to. Rookies didn’t get called by their name until their probation was up.

“But I just sat down to eat.”

I frowned. “Is he back talking me?” My eyes were pinned on the dark-haired rookie but my question was directed at Don.

“Sure the hell sounds like it,” Don responded.

“Rookie,” I stated firmly, “there’s no fucking cinnamon. No nutmeg. And one lonely ass un-ripened banana in the bowl.” I gestured to the fruit bowl that sat on the counter. “Don, here, wants some fucking banana French toast. You know what I need to make it? Cinnamon, nutmeg, and more than one goddamn un-ripened banana. Get your lazy ass up from the table, take the money out of the food budget, and get your ass to the store!” I glowered at the rookie just waiting for him to say no. But, he must’ve sensed now was not the time to fuck around because within seconds his fork was hitting his plate and he rose, grumbling to himself. I’d let him grumble as long as he got what the fuck I told him to get. Don and I both watched as he grabbed a couple of bills from the jar we kept the money for food and headed out the door.

“And for that back talk earlier, you’re on shit duty for the rest of the week!” I called behind him, relishing when his shoulders slumped.

Just as the rookie left out, Eric walked in the kitchen, glancing at the rookie and then back to us. His eyes squinted in humor. “You’re giving out shit duty now?”

“Figured I’d take doling out that particular assignment off your hands this week.” Shit duty is what we referred to as cleaning up after the Dalmatian Rescue Four had recently acquired. We’d named the dog, Gary, after our fallen brother. Stations didn’t have a need for dogs during fires, but they were symbolic now and the guys enjoyed playing with him. And the students from neighborhood schools that visited the station got a kick out of it.

“Hey,” Don called, drawing both our attentions, along with Corey’s who’d just walked in.

“You all heard more about that apartment fire from a few weeks back?”

We each shook our heads in response to Don’s question. He knew we hadn’t as the investigators down at the department had taken over the investigation. And they’d only inform our captain, and possibly Don on a need to know basis.

“The department heads tell you anymore about it?”

Don nodded his response to me. “I’ve been looking at the pictures in my phone. They wouldn’t let me see the official images they took. I even went down to the department to speak with the lead investigator. He’s a lazy son of a bitch. Says the fucking fire was probably started by nothing more than carelessness. I showed him the newspaper ashes we found up the stairs. He said it was probably one of us who tracked it through the house.”

“That’s bullshit,” I snarled.

“Exactly. I had to ask one of the ladies in forensics their take on it.”

“Personal friend of yours?” Corey questioned, smirking.

Don responded with a cocky grin of his own, letting that be his answer.

“What she tell you?” Corey asked.

“Said her guess was that we were correct.” He looked over at me. “She thinks someone placed newspaper in front of the fireplace and removed the gate. The husband said whenever his wife set the fireplace she always made sure to put the gate up to prevent sparks from escaping.”

“He’s sure?” Eric spoke up.

Don nodded. “Yeah. When they were first married, she made that mistake once and nearly caught their couch on fire. Ever since she was adamant about using a gate, especially since they had children. She didn’t start that fire due to a careless accident.”

A solemn feeling fell into the pit of my stomach. Nothing was sitting right about this situation. Nothing at all, and I wasn’t liking any of the conclusions coming up in my mind. The only good thing to come out of all of this was that the family was doing okay. The mother and children had suffered some smoke inhalation and had to remain in the hospital for a few days, but had been discharged and were on their way back to being one hundred percent.

“Keep us updated on all this. Unofficially,” Eric stressed.

“I plan to.” There was a heaviness in Don’s voice. As if the worst of this was yet to come. I’d heard the same tension and stress in my commanding officer’s voice right before a tough mission. Something big was coming and chances were high that it was about to land right in Rescue Four’s lap. The first image that sprang to mind was Michelle’s. A calmness settled over me because I had that sense that as long as she was okay, I was okay.



****

Michelle

“What now?” I asked, exasperated, as I glanced down at my cell phone in my hand. It was the last person I wanted to speak to.

“Gabriel, why do you keep calling me?”

“I’m a paying client. This is the service your company provides to your clients? Maybe I should speak with Nancy about my poor treatment by one of her top event planners at Save the Date.”

I pushed out a breath through my mouth and pinched the bridge of my nose, closing my eyes. I abhorred the arrogant tone in his voice. It had turned me on at one point in time but now it only served to make the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.

“That’s not necessary, Gabriel. How can I help you?” My voice was much more patient that time around, but still filled with contempt. I hated him and he knew it.

“That’s more like it. I’m calling to see how the planning is coming for the firm’s banquet.”

I rolled my eyes. He’d been calling every day this week with the same question. Sometimes calling up to three times a day. And always on my cell phone, never on my office line.

“It’s going well,” I answered as calmly as I could. “I’ve finalized the location.”

“Great, I’d like to see it.”

My eyes popped wide. “We discussed the location would be the hotel. You said that was fine.”

“Yes, and now I’m saying I want to see it.”

I pushed out another deep breath. “When would you like to see it, Gabriel?” I wasn’t going to argue with him about this. I’d come to realize that with Gabriel just giving him what he wanted was the quickest way to get rid of him.

“So formal all of a sudden.”

I bit my tongue to keep from lashing out.

“I want to see it today. I have some free time right now.”

“Now?”

“Yes, is that a problem?”

I slow blinked, mentally rearranging my schedule to fit his impromptu appointment. “No, right now is fine. I can meet you at the hotel in thirty minutes.” I didn’t even wait for his response. I pulled the phone from my ear, pressing the button to end the call as I moved around my desk.

“Natoi,” I called, startling my assistant who sat at her desk. “I just had to arrange a last minute appointment for the Williams & Brodsky event. Can you call my two o’clock appointment and try to get it pushed back to later today or later this week?”

“Sure, girl. Everything alright?” She gave me a worried look.

“Yeah, everything’s good. I’ll just be happy when this job is over.”

Natoi laughed. “Pushy one, huh? Well, you’re good with working with the pushy clients. It’s why Nancy assigns you to ’em.” She laughed a little more, turning back to her computer screen.

You have no idea, I thought as I grabbed my purse from the drawer I tucked it in, along with the dark, navy blue blazer I’d worn that day.

“I’ll be back in an hour and a half,” I told Natoi as I moved past her desk. I heard her say something but I pushed through the glass doors, letting it swing shut behind me. I wanted to get this meeting with Gabriel over as soon as possible.

I made it down to the hotel in just under the thirty minutes I’d given him over the phone. Yet, in true Gabriel fashion he kept me waiting another twenty minutes before his arrival. He came strolling through the door held open by the concierge, hand tucked into his dark, tailored suit while his other hand fiddled with the toothpick in his mouth. He pulled it free from his mouth and greeted me with a smile that was meant to be endearing. My stomach roiled at how I could’ve ever thought I loved this man. My mind instantly began comparing him to Carter. Gabriel fell short in every way.

“I am glad to see you made it.”

“You’re late.”

His lips formed into a pout. “I was having lunch at Le Grenouille. You know their foie gras is amazing.”

I rolled my eyes. He had me waiting while he dined at a restaurant that was less than two blocks from here.

“You remember the first time I took you to Le Grenouille? You were scared to order anything off the menu.” He chuckled.

I was not about to take this trip down memory lane. “The hotel manager says we have thirty minutes to check out the space. They have an event tonight they need to set up for.” I abruptly turned, peering over my shoulder to see if Gabriel would trail me. I saw his eyes scan my entire backside before he began moving. Turning my head, I swallowed the disgust I felt seeing his gesture.

“Thank you for agreeing to this last minute meeting, Ariel,” I said to the hotel’s manager who’d come down to show us the banquet space for the event along with a few of the design themes we were thinking of going with.

“It’s not a problem at all. I have to be down here for the next few hours anyway. Let me show you inside.” She waved us farther down the hall into the large banquet room.

“This event needs to be top of the line. We’re celebrating Williams & Brodsky’s fiftieth anniversary,” Gabriel’s voice boomed with pride from behind me.

The floors of the room were white and grey marble, and shiny. They looked clean enough to eat off of. The walls were white with columns throughout the space. There was a small dance floor toward the front and a space that could be set up as a stage with a podium. It was a great space for an event and my mind began swirling with ideas to decorate and set up.

“This room can hold up to seven hundred occupants.” Ariel waved her hand around. “How many people are you expecting for the event?”

“No more than five hundred. The firm has one hundred attorneys, most of whom will bring a guest. There are ten partners, including myself,” Gabriel said with pride, his chest puffed out.

I bit the inside of my cheek but my smile still dipped a little as I focused on Ariel.

“We each have spouses.”

That one made me nauseous. The fact that he’d take that moment to throw his wife in my face was distasteful to say the least. What he failed to understand was that I was far from jealous. I actually pitied his wife, and if it weren’t for my son, I’d tell Gabriel he could fall off the planet for all I cared.

“We will definitely be able to accommodate your guest list,” Ariel responded once Gabriel quit talking. “Will you two excuse me for a moment?” She asked, pulling her walkie-talkie from her hip.

I watched as she walked away, longing for her to come back. She provided a buffer between Gabriel and I.

“What do you think of the place?” I finally questioned.

He looked around, eyes scanning the ceiling and walls before looking back at me. “It’s a little small but I guess it’ll do.”

“Small? It can accommodate well over the projected five hundred guests you’re expecting.”

He shrugged. “The walls are bare.” He frowned.

“Ariel has some themes that she would like to show us. If you don’t like any of those, I can come up with a few more that my company has done in the past.”

“We don’t want any recycled themes. Williams & Brodsky is a highly respected law firm in this city, and as such we pride ourselves on doing everything top of the line. We will not be copying anyone’s theme.”

“It won’t be a recycled theme, Gabriel. We will come up with a concept solely for Williams & Brodsky,” I assured him.

“Great,” he stated, unbuttoning his suit blazer.

I looked around the room, trying to think of some ways we could dress up the room in case he didn’t like what Ariel and the hotel had come up with. It got eerily quiet and though my back was turned to him, I could feel his eyes on me. I swallowed deeply when I felt him approach me from behind.

“You know,” his voice had dropped an octave, “we could have some fun planning this event together.” His forefinger trailed along my shoulder and started it’s way down my bare arm, but just as he touched my skin I jumped and moved away as if I’d been burned.

“Please keep your hands to yourself,” I hissed. “The only fun we’ll be having is my overtime check for working this event. That’s it.” I took three steps back.

Thankfully, when it looked like Gabriel was going to approach me, Ariel re-entered the room.

“Sorry about that. That was regarding tonight’s event. Please, let me show you the few ways we can set up for your event.” She pulled out an iPad and brought up a few visuals of each layout. I pulled out my phone to take some notes and requested Ariel email those designs to my work email. Gabriel eventually took over the conversation, speaking to Ariel in the manner he did anyone he felt was beneath him. He’d done that with everyone ― waitstaff, concierge, drivers, junior attorneys at his firm, etc. When I was young, I took pleasure in seeing that I was one of the few who escaped such treatment. Only later, did I realize that once I stopped giving him what he wanted, would he take the same type of attitude toward me. However, unlike a waiter or driver, they only had to deal with his behavior temporarily. I had to endure it for years longer, until my son was of age. And even then, chances of me being completely free of Gabriel were slim to none.

“Hey,” I greeted, answering my phone on the way back to the office. After nearly forty-five minutes of Gabriel’s incessant questioning and condescension, we left. I was just walking through the doors of Save the Date when Carter called.

“Hey yourself, sugar. You sound stressed.”

I shook my head, wondering how he could always pinpoint my moods. “I’m just making it back to the office.” I paused, taking the message note Natoi handed me over the counter of her desk. I peered at the message, noticing the meeting I’d had for two o’clock that day had been pushed back to four-thirty.

I looked up at Natoi, who shrugged and whispered, “She insisted the meeting be today.”

My shoulders slumped and I headed to my desk.

“Late lunch?” Carter asked.

“I wish,” I stated, plopping my back against my office chair. “Last minute meeting with a client that ran later than I’d hoped. Which caused another meeting to be pushed back and I likely won’t get to leave the office until five thirty or later.” I pushed out a regretful sigh.

“Sorry to hear that. I know you were looking forward to spending time with Diego tonight.”

I smiled that he’d cared enough to remember. Wednesdays were my and Diego’s movie nights. Since I often had to work on Friday nights at events, I would get off work an hour or two early on Wednesdays, pick him up for school, and we’d rent movies or go to an actual theater.

“Yeah, it’s a bummer. I have to call my mama to see if she can pick him up from school. He really wanted to see that latest Disney movie.”

“Why don’t you make it up to him this weekend?”

“You don’t mind canceling?” We had plans to go out that Saturday.

“We can change our plans. We can take the little guy on Saturday?”

I sat up in my chair. “We?”

There was a pause on the other end of the phone.

“Yes, we. Your son is your world, why wouldn’t I want to be a part of that?”

I sighed. I was unsure of letting Carter get close to Diego. Not because I didn’t trust him, but because I did trust him. I knew this was serious to Carter and involving my son was a way to show me that. But I still didn’t know how far this thing could go. Not with my outside drama.

“Shit!” I heard Carter shout as a loud alarm sounded in the background. “We got a call. I gotta go. Call you later!”

“Be safe,” I mumbled as I hung up the phone. I lowered my face into my hands, so confused on where to go from here. Before I could get too wrapped up in my pity party, my phone buzzed.

“Yes, Natoi.”

“Mrs. Green is on the line. She has a few things she wants to go over with you before you two meet today.”

I rolled my eyes for what had to be the eightieth time that day and picked up the phone for Mrs. Green. At least she would be a distraction from my messed up personal life.



****

“Hi, Mama!” Diego’s excited voice rang out as soon as I stepped through the door.

I smiled, tossing my blazer over the arm of the chair and setting down my bag to open my arms wide for him. He ran into my arms, giving me a big hug. He wore his favorite firefighter pajamas. It was just about seven-thirty when I arrived home that evening. Diego had already had his dinner and a bath, thanks to my mother.

“Just in time to read before bed.” My mother smiled as she emerged from the kitchen.

“Thanks so much for staying late, Ma. How was he?” I asked, standing.

“My grandson was perfect as always.”

“Grandma said you had to work late so you’d take me to the movies another time. It’s okay.” He shrugged, looking up at me with those saucer-sized eyes of his and grinning. My heart almost stopped beating at the huge hole in his mouth left by his three missing teeth. He was growing up so fast.

“I’ll make it up to you, baby.” I squatted to get eye level with him. “Say goodnight to your grandmother and then go pick out the book you want to read tonight and I’ll be right in.” I stood and watched as he ran to hug my mother. She planted a warm kiss on his cheek, promising to see him the next day. She was the one who picked him up from school and kept him until I got in from work. My mother and I definitely had come a long way. I now trusted her with my most prized possession.

“What’s with the long face?”

I blinked, and turned from Diego’s retreating back to glance at my mother. “What long face?”

“You’re looking a little off. You alright? Did you eat yet? There’s some baked chicken, potatoes, and string beans. I kept your plate warm in the oven.” She started opening the oven and pulling out an already prepared plate.

My stomach growled. I hadn’t eaten since I’d had a muffin that morning. My lunch had been interrupted by Gabriel and I’d been too agitated to even think about food afterwards.

“Thanks, Mama,” I said, standing at the entranceway to the kitchen. “I’ll eat after I put Diego to bed.” I worried my bottom lip. “I need your advice on something.”

My mother gave me a shocked look. I could hardly believe it either. Growing up the way I had, had drilled into me one thing which was to never depend on my mother. Even after all this time, I rarely asked her for advice.

“Sure. What’s going on?” She wiped her hands with a dish towel and tossed it on the counter then looked on at me, tension evident in her forehead crease.

“I’ve been seeing someone.”

“I know that already.”

I grinned. “He wants to take me out this weekend … with Diego.”

“Oh.”

“Yeah, oh. What do you think?”

“Hmm.” She paused, her eyes going to a corner of the kitchen while she thought about it. “You really like this man.”

It wasn’t a question but I nodded anyway. I obviously liked him a whole lot if I was even considering inviting him out with my son and I.

“And he’s already met Diego. Brought him toys. That boy sleeps with that firetruck every night.”

I laughed. Diego loved the firetruck Carter bought for him a few weeks back.

“But is it too soon? We’ve been seeing each other for a little over a month and a half. You don’t think that’s too fast?”

“It doesn’t matter what I think, sweetie. Do you think it’s too fast? Could you see a future with this man?”

Yes. I didn’t need to think about that one. In a perfect world, I had no doubts about Carter and I. But we didn’t live in a perfect world. The only world I ever knew came with complications and drama.

“You’ve never been flippant about who you let into Diego’s life. Hell, you’ve never introduced him to any man from what I know of.”

“I never have.” I hadn’t dated much thanks to Diego’s egotistical father, but even if I had, I wasn’t going to introduce random men to my son. But Carter wasn’t just any man. He was my man and he’d made it pretty clear that I was his. But I didn’t come alone.

“I say, if you’re thinking this hard about it, then I don’t see the issue with spending a little time together with your son. Hell, better to find out early if they don’t get along.”

I knew that wouldn’t be the case. I don’t know how I knew, I just did. From the moment I’d met Carter he seemed to fit in my life like the missing piece to a jigsaw puzzle. Instinctively, I knew that connection would extend to my son. Truth be told, it already had. On more than one occasion, Diego had asked me about Mr. Carter.

“Thanks, Ma.” I nodded and went over to give her a kiss on the cheek. “For everything,” I added, staring down at her. Her eyes sparkled as she smiled. I noted, for probably the ten thousandth time, the difference in her eyes now and when I’d been growing up. She was a different person from the inside out.

“Let me get going. I’ve got an eight o’clock meeting.”

“That’s the meeting you started, right?”

“Yes, ma’am. Two years going strong.”

“I’m proud of you, Mama.”

Her head dipped and she squeezed me tighter before saying, “Thank you.” Her voice was thick with emotion.

I followed her to the door, locking it after she exited, and then I rushed down the hall to go read to Diego. Once Diego was asleep, I retrieved my cell phone and headed into my bedroom. Tucking myself deep beneath the covers, I waited for the call I knew was coming.

“Hello?” I answered a few moments later.

“So, we’re on for Saturday?”

I smiled, adoring the deep rumble of Carter’s voice through the phone line.

“Yeah, we’re on for Saturday.”

He didn’t say anything at first but I swear I could hear his grin through the phone.

“I’ll pick you up at o-nine hundred, sharp.”

I giggled. “You and military time. I still don’t know if you’re saying nine o’clock in the morning or nine at night.”

“I told you, when I say ‘o’ anything, that’s referring to before noon …” He continued to explain military time for the umpteenth time to me. I let him explain. Didn’t bother telling him that I wasn’t going to remember any of it. I relished admiring the sound of his voice and the comfort it always brought, ever since the first moment we met while I was trapped inside my car.





~ Chapter Fourteen ~

Carter

I checked my pockets again, making sure I had the tickets to the kids’ museum I’d planned for us to go to before the movie. The museum was usually on a first come, first serve basis, but tickets could be purchased for guaranteed entrance. I wasn’t taking any chances. Michelle said she’d told Diego she’d take him to the museum one day, so what time was more perfect?

“Coming!” Michelle’s voice called through the door after I knocked.

“Mama, I think it’s Mr. Carter!”

I chuckled at the excitement I heard in Diego’s voice. Seconds later the door opened and it was like I could breathe again. That’s how it always felt when I’d gone more than one day without seeing her. Like I was holding my breath until the next time, even though we talked daily.

“Hi,” her warm voice greeted as my eyes scanned every inch of her perfect face.

“Hey, sugar.” I went to lean in to kiss her but she took a step back. My head lowered to see her six-year-old son push his way through to stand in front of her. I knelt down to meet him.

“Hi, Diego.”

“Hi, Mr. Carter. My mama said you’re going with us to have some fun today.”

“I sure am. Is that alright with you?”

His eyes enlarged as he nodded. “I told all my friends at school that I know a real firefighter. They really liked my truck. I took it for show-and-tell.”

“That’s awesome. Maybe one day I’ll get a chance to show you a real firetruck.”

He gasped in awe.

“Only if your mom says it’s okay.”

I stood, rising to meet Michelle’s gaze. She narrowed her eyes at what I’d just told her son. I wasn’t taking it back. Instead, I leaned in again for a kiss, but made sure to kiss her cheek.

“You look good enough to eat, sugar,” I whispered in her ear so Diego wouldn’t hear. I only stepped back when I saw her visibly shiver. I let my ravenous eyes rove over the sleeveless dress she wore that stopped about mid-calf.

“D-Diego, make sure you go to the bathroom before we leave.”

“Aw, Mama! I alread–”

“Hey, Diego,” I began, squatting low again, “we’re gonna have a great time today. We’ll go to that museum your mama promised you and the movie, and we’ll get to eat all the popcorn.”

I stopped, watching as his face grew in excitement.

“But we can’t go until you go to the bathroom first. Deal?” I stuck out my hand.

I nodded and smiled when he smacked it and said, “Deal!”

“You’re getting off to a good start with him already,” Michelle stated as I stood.

“Kids love me. I used to have to babysit my brothers all the time.”

She frowned. “You didn’t have nannies growing up?”

“We did. But my mother is old school. She wanted to raise kids who were at least somewhat self-sufficient. So there were times we were left alone. Believe me, that was unheard of in high-society, but my mother wasn’t to be deterred and my father can’t say no to my mother. Much like the same way I can’t say no to you.” I checked quickly over her shoulder to make sure Diego wasn’t around before moving in for the kiss I’d wanted to take when she first opened the door.

“Ready!” Diego came back a second later, forcing us to part.

“Let’s get this day started.”

I took Diego’s much smaller hand in my right and waited for Michelle to lock up before taking hers in my left.

Our first stop was to the museum. I wanted to be there bright and early so Diego would have as much time as he wanted to play and touch all the cool exhibits. The movie we were going to see wasn’t until one, so I figured three hours was plenty of time to let him run around. And just as I’d predicted, he had tons of fun. One exhibit in particular he learned how to make slime and made me promise that we could make it one day at home. I caught Michelle’s worried look as I made the promise. I tried to discern if her fear was due to not fully believing that I’d keep my promise or something else. But I didn’t have time to figure that out because Diego was up and running again, dragging me by the hand to the next exhibit.

We were at the museum for about three hours when it was time to leave for the movies. I’d gotten Diego his popcorn as promised and he sat in the seat between Michelle and I, happily munching away while he watched and giggled at the animated characters on the screen.

“Are you crying?” I teased Michelle low in her ear as we were exiting the theater.

“It was so good,” she commented, laughing and wiping her eyes. “I get emotional at children’s movies.”

“I see,” I laughed.

“Michelle?” I heard from behind us and turned around to a man I didn’t know. My hand instinctively went to Michelle’s lower back while my free hand reached for Diego.

“Hey, Larry,” Michelle replied, a bit uneasily.

“Out with Diego, huh?”

“Yeah. He wanted to see this movie.”

“Same here. The kids tried to drag Janine and I but she’s in bed with a nasty cold, so I got stuck with daddy duty today.” The guy, Larry, chuckled annoyingly. “Well, it was good seeing you.”

“Bye.”

I watched silently, as he eyed me, a question in his eyes. I wasn’t about to introduce myself since he hadn’t done the same. I simply watched as he waited and then eventually sidestepped me with a young kid at his side, moving toward the exit.

“Who’s that?”

Michelle glanced at me then let her eyes fall to Diego who was busy playing with a game he’d pulled up on my phone. “I’ll tell you later.”

I nodded, getting the message that she didn’t want to talk about it in front of Diego.

I would be bringing it up again, but I let it drop for the moment.

“You hungry?” I looked at Michelle.

“Starving. Popcorn was not enough.”

“How about you, little guy?” I clasped Diego’s skinny shoulders, shaking them a little to get his attention.

He looked up at me from the phone. “Huh?”

“Hungry?”

He nodded, dramatically.

“I know the best place to get some food not too far from here.”



****

Michelle

“Your place?” I looked over, questioning Carter who had just pulled us up to his driveway.

“Best place to eat in town.”

His grin had me squeezing my thighs together but I forced myself to remember my son was in the backseat.

“Do you even have enough furniture for us all to sit at the table?” I teased.

“Hahaha, funny. Yes, I have a full dining room set.” He leaned over and his voice dipped low so only I could hear when he said, “If memory serves, you’re very familiar with my dining set.”

I lowered my head, cheeks burning at the memory of him taking me on one of his chairs after our breakfast the last time I’d been to his place.

“You are …” I hesitated.

“All yours,” he answered for me. “Hey, buddy,” he called to Diego, peering through the rearview mirror.

“Yeah,” Diego answered.

“Your mom tells me blueberry pancakes are your favorite, but you didn’t get to have any this morning?”

Diego’s little face frowned up. “No, she made me eat the waffles from the microwave.” He shook his head in disgust.

I had to shake my own head at my son. He’d said it as if I’d tortured him.

“How about we fix that? Would you like those blueberry pancakes with eggs now?” Carter questioned.

Diego’s eyes floated out the window and a pondering look crossed his face. “We can eat pancakes for lunch?”

“We can eat whatever we want. So long as mama’s okay with it.”

Two pairs of eyes shoot in my direction. One crystal blue and the other dark brown. I wasn’t strong enough to turn down requests from either pair individually, let alone together.

“Can we, Mama?” Diego’s legs began jumping in anticipation as he asked.

“Yes, baby.” I smiled, looking back at him, then turned to the other grinning male in the car.

“Thanks, Mama!” he stated, causing Diego to crack up laughing.

“Mr. Carter, she’s not your mama. She’s mine,” he laughed heartily.

“Sorry, buddy. Didn’t mean to step on your toes.” Carter got out of the car, laughing before opening the door for Diego and then circling the car to hold my door open.

“It’s so big!” Diego shouted once we entered.

“It is. You want to help me cook?”

Diego nodded.

“Come on!” In one swift movement, Carter bent down, picking Diego up and over his shoulders and the pair proceeded down the hallway, laughing together. The image both melted my heart and caused a heavy weight to settle in the pit of my stomach. I pushed the fear aside and decided I wouldn’t think about that now, although something was telling me I was headed into dangerous territory. Not only had I gone ahead and fallen head over heels for Carter, but now so had my son, and that just wasn’t good, considering the consequences it could lead to.

“You still in there?” His voice broke through my stressful thoughts, bringing me back to where I was. I peered into Carter’s concerned eyes and wanted to do everything I could to prevent that look from making its appearance.

“Yup, I’m here.” I gave him a huge smile.

“We lost you for a moment. Everything alright?”

I nodded. “Everything’s great. I just got lost in thought about a client of ours that keeps being insistent about their event. Nothing to concern yourself with.” I waved my hand dismissively in the air.

“Your concerns will always be my concerns.” The earnestness in his voice warmed me from the inside out. “Your concerns and this guy’s,” he stated, tickling Diego who stood next to him. “You ready for a taste test?”

“Yeah!” Diego shouted as he stood on a step stool to be able to see the stove.

Carter cut a piece of one of the blueberry pancakes they’d made as I watched. Diego took the forkful of the fluffy pancake and stuffed the entire bite in his mouth.

“Easy, Diego,” I called.

“It’s so good, Mama!” he mumbled around a mouthful of food.

“I’m happy you like it, but we don’t talk with our mouth full, right?”

He nodded, still chewing. “Sorry, Mama,” he said upon swallowing.

We all set the table and sat down to enjoy our breakfast for lunch. Diego began talking about the movie and then moved on to discussing a science project they’d done at school the previous week. He then went on to share with Carter his best friend, Timmy’s, strategy for playing their favorite video games. Carter soaked it all up like a sponge. I had briefly wondered if he was so attentive to Diego just to gain favor with me, but I could see he genuinely enjoyed sharing time and conversation with Diego. He gave my son the same intense gaze he gave me whenever I spoke. The look that told me he was digesting every single word, movement, inflection. All of it held his rapt attention.

Watching the two get along so well made me once again regret having Diego with the person that I did. I’d never bemoan having my son, at all. I just wished I’d done better in the father figure department.

“I think we lost you again.”

I stood, leaning against the door that held only an inflated air mattress, a lonely night stand, and a lamp on top of it. In the middle of the air mattress lay Diego’s sleeping body covered by a light blanket. He’d knocked out not too long after our lunch and I’d followed Carter down the first floor hallway and watched as he carefully laid my son on the mattress and covered his resting body with the blanket. Now I stood at the doorway of the room watching Carter moving toward me.

“Come here.” He took me by the hand and I followed him out of the room. He closed the door, softly, behind us. Not even a half of breath later my back was against the wall, my face in his hands, and his lips on mine. It was the best thing I’d tasted all day. My entire body relaxed into the kiss, relishing the feel of his hard body against my plusher frame. I moaned into his mouth, willing him to take all of me. But he pulled back, thankfully before I lost control of all my senses.

“I’ve wanted to do that all damn day.” He leaned his forehead to mine, sighing.

“I’ve wanted you to do that all damn day.” I giggled and his lips brushed against mine before he tugged my hand, urging me to follow him back down the hall.

“Where’d you go just then?” he asked, pulling me into his lap as he sat on one of the dining chairs. I swear even if this place was adequately furnished he wouldn’t let me sit anywhere but on top of him.

I wrapped my arm around his shoulders and leaned into him. “I was feeling a little sorry for myself.”

“Tell me about it.”

“More for Diego than myself, really.” I lifted my head to be able to look him in the eyes when I admitted, “I think you’ve spent more time listening and having fun with my son today, than his own father has over the last three years.”

“Diego deserves better than that.”

The anger I heard in Carter’s voice made me sit back a little. His jaw was tight, flexing, and his eyes darkened slightly. It didn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out he was pissed.

“When’s the last time he saw Diego?”

I rolled my eyes trying to remember the last time Gabriel bothered to visit Diego or take him out somewhere. “It’s been at least six months since he’s even seen him. But even before then his visits were infrequent and short-lived.” It wasn’t until Gabriel finally got the hint that I was one hundred percent done with his lying and cheating ass that he basically dropped any pretense of wanting to be a father to Diego. But that was when his threats began, using Diego as his leverage.

Carter ran his thumb along the crease lines in my forehead. “Tell me about him.”

I inhaled a deep breath, figuring out what I could or should reveal about Gabriel. The less Carter knew about Diego’s biological father the better.

“He’s a lot older than me. I met him when I was nineteen years old. We dated for three years before I got pregnant. That’s when I found out that my so-called boyfriend was actually very married with two children of his own.” I shook my head, feeling foolish all over again. “That’s when I decided to end things. I told him that we only needed to communicate if it was about our son. He didn’t like that, but I wasn’t changing my mind. Since then, he’s been hot and cold … but mostly cold where Diego is concerned.”

Carter licked his lips and ran a hand along his chin, taking it all in. “You said he helps out financially?”

“Somewhat. He pays for Diego to go to private school.”

“Where does he go to school?”

“Excelor Academy.”

I stared down at Carter when he gave a humorless laugh. “I went there.”

I smirked for the first time since getting on the subject of Diego’s shiftless father. “Of course you did.” Excelor was the best private school in the city of Williamsport. A lot of top political and business leaders in the city’s limits sent their children to that academy. It only made sense that the Townsends would send their children to the school.

“At least he pays for Diego’s education,” I added, leaning my temple against Carter’s again. Carter grunted but didn’t say anything else.

It grew quiet as Carter stroked my back up and down. The sounds of our breaths were the only sounds in the room aside from the noise of the running electrical appliances in the kitchen. I glanced around at the nearly empty space around us. The hardwood floors that line the kitchen and dining space were beautiful. From the dining area you could partially see into the first floor living room area that held a fireplace.

“You really need to furnish this place. This home is much too beautiful to be empty.”

“You do it,” came his instantaneous reply.

I began laughing ― surely, he was joking. But when I sat up to look at him, his face was completely serious.

“Carter–”

“How much do you think you’ll need?”

“Carter, I’m not decorating your place.” I shook my head and went to stand but his strong hands held me where I was.

“My place?” He lowered his eyes for a second. “You still don’t get it, do you?” He pushed out a heavy breath. “You will soon enough.”

I wasn’t about to ask what he meant by that. I already knew. He’d said as much, but there was no way I could think of this place as mine or me living here one day.

“How would you decorate this place?”

I hesitated and he just stared, waiting for my answer.

“I’ve always been partial to farmhouse decor but with a bit of a modern twist.”

He frowned at me, clearly not understanding what I was talking about. I picked my phone up off the table where it sat and pulled up a few pictures to reference the theme.

“You saved these in your phone?”

I nodded. “I’ve been saving for a house for a little over a year now. I always wanted Diego to have a backyard to play in. Anyway, these are the ideas I thought about when it came to decorating.” I swiped through my pictures, showing him the farmhouse-style doors I wanted to recreate one day that opened to a children’s playroom.

“I adore the look of old, weathered wood. See, like this.” I pointed to the image of a hallway table that was made of wood but had a used look to it.

“Okay.” He nodded as if he was solidifying something. I had no idea what was going through his mind because I certainly hadn’t agreed to decorating his place. And to my surprise, he didn’t push the issue any further. He simply listened me go on and on about farmhouse decor but I suspected he had something up his sleeve.





~ Chapter Fifteen ~

Carter

“Thank you, Mr. Carter. I had fun today,” Diego’s sleepy voice flowed from over his mother’s shoulder. It’d been a long day for the little guy. After his nap, we decided on an impromptu visit to a local arcade where we all had even more fun.

“So did I, little guy. We’ll have to do it again sometime. Your mom tells me you like football.”

“Yeah, I do,” he answered.

“Well, I know someone who likes football a lot, too. Maybe you can meet him one day.”

“I’d like that,” he exclaimed.

“Let me take him down to his bedroom,” Michelle stated.

I nodded and went to settle on the couch to wait for her. Five minutes later, she returned, a smile on her lips and her eyelids drooping slightly.

I stood. “You look just as tired as the little guy.”

Her smile grew and she laid her head on my chest. “I am. It’s been a long time since we spent an entire day out like that. I forgot how fun it was. Thank you for showing my son and I such a great time.”

“Don’t thank me for doing what comes naturally.” My family. Those two words came to me like a lightning bolt. Michelle and Diego were my instantaneous family.

“Tyler’s season starts in early September but he has practice over the next two months in preparation. My family sometimes goes to his practice for family day. I want you and Diego to come.”

Her head rose from my chest and I missed her warmth immediately. “You want us to come with you to your brother’s practice?”

“I sure do. And his games.”

Her eyelids fluttered. “Maybe,” she sighed.

“I’ll let you know what–” My question was cut off by the ringing of her cell phone.

“Hang on,” she stated, moving to the door where her purse hung to pull out her cell. Her lips turned downward as soon as she saw the name of whoever was calling. She tossed the phone on the couch, not bothering to answer.

Just as I was about to ask who that was, she stated. “I had a great time today.” She came over to me and I took her hands in mine. Her lips found mine this time and I got swept up in the kiss, forgetting all about the caller.

“I need to go before I forget we’re not alone.” I hated to pull back but it was for the best. “Make sure you lock the door behind me.”

She giggled. “I’ll remember to do that.”

I pressed a kiss to her forehead. “Good.” We said our good-byes followed by another lingering kiss before I had the strength to break free and step over the threshold to the hallway. I paused, waiting to hear the click of her lock and the chain slide across before leaving. When I didn’t hear the second sound, I knocked on the door. “Chain, too!” I said loud enough through the door. I heard her giggle before the chain slid across the door.

“Happy now?” She opened the door as much as the chain would allow to question.

“Yes, now go back inside.”

She grinned and shut the door again, locking it. I continued down the hall, making a mental note to call my brother, Joshua, the next morning to ask about interior decorators he had on staff.



****

“The hell are you calling me so early for?” my second to youngest brother growled into his phone.

“Good morning, Joshua.”

“Fuck you very much. This better be an emergency. I mean a real goddamn emergency. Like, Townsend Manor on fire type of emergency!” he snarled.

It was five-thirty in the morning. After working the night shift, I’d just gotten back to the station from our latest call and decided to call my brother. He hated early mornings and I loved calling him as early as I could just to piss him off.

“First of all, watch your goddamned voice when you’re speaking to me. I’m still your older brother and I have no problem kicking your ass all over Townsend Manor or any place else.”

“Fuck you, Carter,” he mumbled around a yawn.

I chuckled. “Get your lazy ass up.” I’d never understand how my brother was so successful in the real estate market but hated getting up early.

“What do you want?”

“Glad you asked. I need the name to your top interior designer.”

“It’s about damn time you decided to decorate your place. It’s only been two years,” Joshua grumbled through the phone.

“Mind your goddamn business about my house. I just need a fucking name. Matter of fact, give her my number. I need to set up an appointment.”

“Who says she’s available for you right now?”

“Make her available.”

“My, my, aren’t we insistent?” He paused. “Two years with no talk of decorating a fucking five thousand square foot home and all of a sudden you call at five fucking thirty in the morning, demanding I make my top designer available?” He stopped again. “What’s her name? No, wait … is this over the chick I had to practically pry you off of Tyler over? And the one you stormed Townsend Industries ready to take Aaron’s head off over?”

I sighed, eyes narrowed. “Glad to see my family knows how to keep things private.”

“Oh, we know. It’s just a little difficult to keep each other out of the loop when you’re storming around threatening anyone who even gets near her. She’s your third rail, bro. What’s her name?”

“Michelle.”

“Michelle. Pretty name.”

“Joshua,” I said his name menacingly upon hearing the smirk in his comment. “Do yourself a favor and don’t even mention her name in that fucking tone again.”

“Aaand, now I’m the final brother you’ve threatened over her. Lastly, it’s Father. I bet you even threatened the guys at the station for fucking with her.” He was laughing like this shit was a joke.

“Can’t even call this asswipe for a damn referral,” I grumbled to no one in particular. “Give the interior designer my contact information and tell her to get in touch with me ASAP, asshole!” I grunted before hanging up on my now laughing brother.

“Hey!” I called to Corey who’d just walked past my cot. “What’re you up to?”

His dark eyebrows raised, creasing his cinnamon-colored forehead. “It’s damn near six in the morning and we’ve been on ten calls over the last seven hours. I’m getting some fucking sleep.”

“Wanna run drills?”

“You’ve got to be fucking playing with me?” He looked at me as if I had two heads. But after speaking with Joshua I had extra tension I needed to burn. Michelle had indeed become my third rail, even with my family. And now, I included Diego on that list as well. They both were off limits to anyone.

“Fine. How about we spar?” The station housed a gym in addition to the outside area where we ran drills. The gym had a boxing ring where we often boxed or sparred with one another. Just about all of the guys had undergone some sort of self-defense training. Either from past military experience like myself or from on their own, having fancied themselves tough guys. We all did.

“Sure,” Corey reluctantly agreed. He was one of my favorite sparring partners because he was the quickest. The guy was naturally light on his feet, which not only made him good in the ring but one of the best firefighters you’d want to have at your back while walking into a fire or a rescue.



****

Michelle

“Natoi, how many RSVPs have we received for the Williams & Brodsky event?” I questioned my assistant as I stood at the entranceway of my office door.

“Um, so far we’ve got two hundred and thirty-three.”

“Okay, we’re expecting at least a hundred and fifty more. Can you start making calls to those who haven’t sent in their RSVPs to just make sure they received their invites. Kind of nudge them to send it back. You know what to do,” I told her. We’d done this process dozens of times before. I waited for her to write my request down before turning to go back to my desk. The Williams & Brodsky dinner was just over three weeks away and I was looking forward to wrapping it up as soon as possible. I hated Gabriel being the point of contact for this event and the power that it made me feel he had over me. And he had no problem holding it over me either. Anytime I denied even a minute request of his he threatened to go to Nancy. I wanted this event done and hopefully I wouldn’t have to hear too much out of Gabriel for a while. But I knew eventually he’d show up out of the blue again just to make my life as miserable as possible.

Just then the glass door opened, catching my attention.

A woman who appeared to be in her mid-fifties brushed through the doors, smiling at Natoi. “I have a two o’clock appointment with Michelle Clarke.”

That certainly grabbed my attention. I hadn’t been expecting anyone that day. I wondered which event this woman was from.

“I’m Michelle,” I greeted, stepping out into the main lobby of the office, extending my hand.

“Pleasure. I’m Diane.”

I squinted.

“Wallace. Diane Wallace, the interior designer you requested.”

I searched my memory bank, trying to figure out which one of our events was being hosted by an interior designer, but came up blank.

“I’m sorry, Ms. Wa–”

“Diane. Please.”

“Diane. I’m sorry, Diane, but I can’t place the event you’ve hired us for,” I stated apologetically, fearing my forgetfulness would reflect poorly on the company.

“Event?” The space between her eyebrows wrinkled. “I don’t need an event planner. I’m the interior designer hired by Mr. Townsend for his home in Cedarwoods.” She pulled a planner out of the large bag that hung over her shoulder. “I hope I have the right … oh yes, I wrote it down.” She looked up at me, satisfied with herself.

“Let’s step inside my office.” I held my arm out for her to pass me. My gaze swept past Natoi who was giving me a suspicious look. I knew I’d have to fight off her questions about this whole thing later. But I couldn’t answer anything until I fully understood what was going on myself.

“Please accept my apologies, Diane.” I shut my office door behind us. “I had no idea you were coming. I was never informed.”

Unperturbed, Diane brushed it off. “No matter. Mr. Townsend specifically requested my services and he was adamant that you were to have anything you wanted. There is no price limit.”

I was still so confused. I palmed my cheeks with my hands and looked around my office.

“How about I set up some design ideas on your table here? He said you had a farmhouse theme in mind. I’ve pulled up some possible sketches to draw inspiration from.”

“S-sure, you do that. I just need to make a quick phone call. I’ll be right back.” I moved behind my desk, removing my cell phone from my drawer, and made a beeline for my office door, passing Natoi’s desk and through the doors until I was out of the office entirely, standing between the elevators. I pressed the button to ring Carter’s cell phone. I was angry, thrown off and in a little bit of shock.

“The person you have reached is not avai–” I pressed the end call button before the voicemail message could even complete. I knew he was at work and possibly on a call so I opted to send a text message.

You sent an interior decorator to my work? Are you out of your mind!!??

I stood there staring at my phone screen for a few moments, willing it to light up with a response, but it never came. And I had to get back to my office. I had work to do. I turned back to head to my office and found a spread of photos and some sketches all over the circle table in the corner of my office. Diane’s head rose and her eyes shone.

“Shall we get started? Mr. Townsend did say he didn’t want to interrupt too much of your work day. Our next appointment will have to be in the evening or over the weekend.”

“Our next appointment?” My eyebrow rose.

“Yes, he wants this done as soon as possible.”

“I’ll bet he does.” I turned back to the table, intrigued by some of the pictures I saw in spite of myself. I guess it wouldn’t hurt to look a little bit. I’d consider it a late lunch break for me since I hadn’t taken one earlier. But I promised myself I would speak to Carter about his presumption.





~ Chapter Sixteen ~

Michelle

“Mama, come on!” Diego rushed me, excitement filling his voice.

I looked over at Carter who seemed to be just as excited as he stared at me with the same impatience as my six year old.

“Nobody told me we’d have to walk on wet grass,” I hissed at both of the impatient males in my life. We were at Williamsport Football Field for family day at Tyler’s football camp. Apparently, he’d healed up from his injury and had invited the entire family for a visit. I’ll never forget Carter’s response when I told him that I thought it might be best if he just let the visit be amongst family.

You and Diego are my family.

He’d said it with so much steadfastness in his voice, those blue eyes pinning me, that the thought of turning him down after that wouldn’t have even occurred to me.

“I told you to wear sneakers, sugar.”

“I hate sneakers,” I snapped at Carter’s teasing.

“Want me to carry you?” He didn’t even finish his question before he was bending low as if preparing to pick me up.

“Don’t you dare! Your family’s right there.” I would not have him carry me around as if I were too prissy to walk on a damn football field. Especially not in front of his entire family. I was nervous enough about that.

“Don’t be nervous. You’ve met them all already, remember?”

I glared at him. “I was working for them when I met them all. This is entirely different. Plus, I obviously didn’t make a good first impression on your mean brother, and Tyler probably still thinks I’m some loose floozy!” I whispered the last word, not wanting Diego to hear what I was saying.

Carter’s gaze narrowed and his face hardened, taking me by surprise.

“Tyler knows I’d end his football career before he’d ever dare say anything so tasteless about you. Aaron’s been taken care of. He’ll be on his best behavior.”

I sighed, and flattened the front of the Williamsport Panthers jersey I wore. Carter had told me as much at least five different times. I was just feeling uneasy about this entire ordeal. Like I was totally over my head by agreeing to attend family day for our city’s famed football team.

“Diego will have a great time. I told Tyler all about him and you.”

“Okay.” Pushing out a breath, I took Carter’s extended hand. Still uncomfortable from the way my feet slipped around in the flip flops I wore due to the wetness of the grass. It’d rained earlier that morning but the sun was shining brightly by nine a.m., promising another scorching summer day. It was perfect for family day, and hearing the giggles of Diego as he looked around the field and saw all the play areas and obstacle courses they had set up for the kids, my heart lightened a little.

“Thank you for inviting us.”

Carter stopped and began to say something but I pressed a finger to his lips. “Don’t tell me not to thank you. Just accept it, okay?”

His lips spread underneath the pressing of my finger. “Kiss me,” he growled.

I quickly glanced over his shoulder and saw Diego was distracted, playing with another little boy.

“Kiss me,” he insisted again, this time pulling me into him.

I angled my head and let him take what so obviously was his. I was no longer in denial about that fact. The kiss, just as always, melted away any worries or insecurities I had. Nothing could withstand the heat of one of his kisses and I quickly lost all mind of where I was, aside from the comfort of knowing I was in his arms.

“At least somebody’s getting some action while on the field.”

I pulled back from Carter at the interruption from his younger brother. I was met with a pair of sinful green eyes. They almost reminded me of Carter’s. Apart from the color difference, those eyes also held an intense … something. That seemed to be a trait of all the Townsend men as far as I’d seen. The ferocity in their eyes and the freckles were the commonalities that tied them altogether.

“Next time you wait until I’m finished kissing my woman to interrupt, jackass.” Carter’s voice was harsh as he wrapped an arm around my lower back.

I’m sure his tone alone would’ve scared the hell out of anyone, but Tyler laughed. He seemed the type to push everyone’s buttons at every opportunity. Like he poked the sleeping bear to see just how far he could get, and then poke some more once it finally awakened. Those types were dangerous in their own right.

“Michelle, great to see you again. Though I can’t say I envy your position right now. My older brother seems to be on edge when he’s not putting out fire … or starting them.” Tyler winked at me.

Oh, he’s definitely dangerous in his own right.

“Pleasure to see you again also, Tyler. Thank you for having us at your team’s family day.”

“No problem.” He extended his hand, lifting mine to bring to his lips. The man to my left made a sound at the back of his throat, pulling me impossibly tighter into him.

“Don’t put your lips on my woman. God only knows where those fuckers were last night.”

Tyler frowned. “My lips were safe and sound last night, thank you for your inquiry. No ass getting while at camp, bro.”

“That wasn’t the case a few weeks ago.”

Tyler’s eyebrows dipped as he tried to pinpoint Carter’s reference.

“Ah, I was on the injury list then. Free to partake in all the pussy I wanted!” He laughed.

“Watch your goddamned mouth in front of my woman and her son.”

“Son? Where is the little guy?” Tyler questioned.

“Diego!” I called, getting his attention and waving him over.

“Hi, Mama! I made a new friend, his name is Michael. He said his dad catches the ball for the team,” Diego went on excitedly, barely pausing to take a breath.

“He’s called a wide receiver, little guy.” Tyler stooped low to get even with Diego. “You must be Diego. I’m Tyler.”

Diego grinned widely. “I know, I have your poster on my wall! Nice to meet you. And you’re Mr. Carter’s brother. Right, Mr. Carter?” Diego looked up to Carter for his approval.

“That’s right, buddy.”

“Quarterback is an important position, Mr. Tyler.”

“It sure is,” Tyler agreed.

“I love football. I play sometimes on my game at home or at recess at school. My friend, Billy, is always the quarterback ’cause he can throw far, but I’m fast so I run. What’s that position called again?” He snapped his fingers, thinking.

“Running back.”

“Yes!” He pointed at Tyler. “I’m the running back, and …” Diego continued on, teaching Tyler everything he knew about the game of football. I watched, thoroughly entertained by the interaction between all three ― Tyler, Diego, and Carter. They all got a kick out of one another.

“Mother,” Tyler stood after a few minutes, calling over Carter and my shoulders.

I turned to find Mr. and Mrs. Townsend, both dressed in the team’s black and white jerseys and wearing jeans. Even in jeans, Mrs. Townsend appeared just as elegant as the night I’d first met her at the Townsend Industries gala.

“Look, Richard, it’s our two bookends,” she laughed.

“Mother.” Carter smiled warmly and pulled his mother into a big hug. “Father.” He shook his father’s hand and they embraced as well.

For some reason the warmth between the two surprised me. Whenever Carter spoke about his family, especially his father, there was a certain reverence in his voice. However, he’d also pointed out that his father was particularly disappointed when he decided not to work for the family business.

“Son.”

“Mother, Father, this is Michelle and her son, Diego,” Carter introduced, his hand on my lower back and one hand resting on Diego’s shoulder. The move was both protective and presenting us, in some way.

Deborah peered at me with careful eyes that were the same color as her eldest son’s. Slowly a smile moved over her face and this one met her eyes.

“Pleasure to meet you.” I extended my hand but was surprised when she clasped it, and then pulled me into a hug. I looked over at Carter who simply smiled the biggest grin I’d ever seen from him.

“And Diego, aren’t you just the cutest.”

“Hello, Mrs. Townsend.”

“And so well mannered.” She turned back to me. “That’s a sign of good parenting.” She winked and I surmised that at least two of her sons had gotten some of their charm from her.

Mr. Townsend, on the other hand, was much less effusive but still polite when he introduced himself. To my surprise, he squatted low to get eye level with Diego and shook his hand. The pair quickly struck up a conversation on football. Either it was just my imagination or this family was nothing like I had imagined.

“I think you Townsend men have a thing for charming my son,” I whispered in Carter’s ear as his father and Diego continued speaking.

“He’s the charmer. And I know he gets it from his mama. She charmed the pants off me, multiple times,” he stated low in my ear and my face flamed. Completely unbothered by my embarrassment, he actually nuzzled the side of my face and neck with his nose, causing me to squirm.

“Carter, stop!” I whisper-hissed.

His mother peered at the both of us and giggled.

“Here comes Josh,” Tyler interrupted.

“Late as usual,” Mr. Townsend grumbled.

“Lay off me, old man. I was busy selling properties, making your company a few million,” Joshua stated nonchalantly, as he slowly removed his sunglasses and placed them into the pocket of his jeans.

Surprising me again, Mr. Townsend laughed off his old man comment, patting Joshua on his back. “Only a few million?”

“It was a slow week.” Joshua turned dark eyes on me. “Michelle Clarke, how nice to meet your acquaintance again.” He pulled my extended hand to his lips while peering at Carter from the corner of his eye. Before his lips were even able to make contact with the back of my palm, Carter’s firm grip was pulling my hand free.

“Lips to yourself.”

A sly grin met Carter’s jealousy. Joshua turned to me, eyes glittering with humor. “My brother can hunt terrorists halfway around the world without batting an eye. Pulls people from burning buildings daily and barely thinks twice about it. But greet his woman a little too friendly and he responds like a trapped animal.”

I covered Carter’s abdomen with my free hand, stopping his lunge in Joshua’s direction. But his darkened eyes remained trained on his brother.

Joshua’s gaze fell to my hand on his brother, and the sparkle grew even more. He didn’t say anything else to Carter, instead pivoting in the direction of their father.

“Anyway, why’re you on my case for being late when Aaron hasn’t even shown yet?”

I swallowed at the mention of their missing brother. Aaron made me nervous for some reason.

“Because unlike my third youngest son, Aaron had the courtesy of calling to inform us that he would be a little late.”

“And here he comes now,” Tyler interjected.

We all turned to see Aaron making his way across the field. As opposed to everyone else who’d shown up, he was dressed in a full-on three piece suit, and paired with shiny, expensive looking shoes. The dark, tailored suit jacket was unbuttoned, and his left hand rested inside his pocket as he confidently strode our way. The scowl I’d seen on his face the two times I’d ever seen him was present on the field as well.

“Aaron,” Mr. Townsend spoke first.

“Father, Mother,” he greeted, leaning down to present his mother with a kiss on her cheek. He shook hands with his father and then all his brother’s before turning dark, scowling eyes on me.

“Don’t fucking stare at her like that,” Carter began.

Aaron slow blinked, turning hazel eyes from me to Carter. “I wasn’t staring at her like anything. Simply waiting for an introduction.”

“You’ve already met.”

“A refresher is in order, don’t you think?”

A scowl appeared on Carter’s face that matched his brother’s. “Aaron, Michelle. Michelle, Aaron.”

He reached out his hand and I extended mine, shaking his. Unlike his other two brothers, he did not even attempt to flirt, if even just to get under Carter’s skin.

“And this is her son, Diego.”

For the first time I looked down, realizing Diego hadn’t returned his hello. To my amazement, Diego seemed … awestruck. Not afraid as I had guessed, but he was simply staring at Aaron, as if seeing something he couldn’t believe.

“Diego, say hi to Mr. Aaron,” I encouraged.

“You have fairies!” my son said instead.

I frowned, looking from Diego to Carter.

“Kids always seem to respond to Aaron … strangely.”

I lifted an eyebrow, tilting my head. Carter just shrugged a shoulder.

“Excuse me,” Aaron grumbled as his phone rang. He stepped away from the group, pulling his phone from his pocket and answering it. I looked down at Diego who was still silently observing Aaron even though his back was now to us and he walked farther away.

“Hey, little guy, you want to get in the race?” Tyler asked, picking Diego up when he reluctantly broke his gaze away from Aaron to answer yes.

Carter’s family followed Tyler, who had Diego up on his shoulders. The coaches had set up a relay race for the kids, followed by a potato sack race.

“What was that about?”

Carter shook his head a little. “Aaron’s always had a weird way with children. He’s obviously not the most charming or easiest guy to get along with, but children and animals always seem so drawn to him.”

“Animals too?” I questioned.

Carter nodded. “We had a dog named Georgie growing up. Tyler chose the dumbass name. Damn thing followed Aaron everywhere. When we left the house in the morning, he’d whine and sit by the door all day until Aaron returned home. Slept right outside his door. Strangest thing.”

“He must’ve been nice to Georgie.”

Carter shook his head adamantly again. “No. That’s the odd part. He all but ignored him. Said pets were frivolous endeavors he didn’t have time for. But Georgie never let up, not until the day he died. After that, Aaron was adamant that we not have anymore pets.”

Before I could respond, a yelling sounded and I looked up to see Aaron barking at some poor soul on the other end of his phone.

“I don’t have time for this shit!” he snarled.

I’ve always heard of animals and children being attached to certain people who were just innately kind or sweet―like teachers or social workers―but as I glanced at the man reaming someone out over the phone, I knew he wasn’t anything like that. He was a complete enigma.

“Want to get in on the sack race?” Carter questioned, taking my hand in his.

I nodded, laughing. “I’m going to kick your butt,” I teased.

“I just might let you, sugar.”

The next few hours were filled with laughter, fun, and lots of food as the team had provided more than enough of everything for the families of their players. A few times I took notice of the photographers that had evidently been hired by the team owners, but didn’t think too much of it.

“Enjoying yourself, hun?”

I grinned, looking over at Mrs. Townsend, whose eyes were now covered with square-framed sunglasses.

“Yes, Mrs. Townsend, I am. I can’t thank Tyler enough for inviting us to come with Carter and share the day with you all.”

She waved a manicured hand in the air. “My eldest wouldn’t have allowed this day to go by without your being here. Let’s get some shade.” She hooked her arm in mine and we started in the direction of the sidelines where there was a large canopy set up with beverages on a table.

“I’ve been attending football games since Tyler was seven years old.”

“I guess you’re a huge football fan by now.”

“Oh no, hun. I still abhor the sport.” She pressed her free hand to her chest.

“Really? All this time and you haven’t grown accustomed to it?”

She shook her head, her dark tendrils of hair falling around her shoulders. “Not in the least. What’s to like about a sport in which the objective of the opposing team is to tackle my son to the ground and strip him of a ball made out of pigskin of all things?” We both laughed.

“I see your point. Diego has been begging me to put him in the pee-wee league for more than a year now but it frightens me. Lately, though, he’s been thinking of being a firefighter when he grows up instead of a football player.” I snapped my mouth shut, not meaning to reveal as much.

“Yes,” she stated as we stopped at the table, both of us taking cups filled with Gatorade. “My son appears to be just as smitten with your little Diego.” She smiled, glancing out on the field. I turned to look in the same direction to see Diego running with a football under his right arm, being chased by Carter and Tyler. Everything inside of me warmed at seeing the effervescent smile on Diego’s face when Carter caught him, lifting him high in the air.

“They love hard, you know.”

Her comment drew my attention from my love and my son back to her. “I’m sorry, what was that, Mrs. Townsend?”

“We’re past familiarities, hun. Call me Deborah. I said, they love hard.” She nodded toward her family. “Those men. All of them. They’re all unique in their own way, most obvious in how different they appear from one another, but just as those freckles are a common trait among the Townsend men so is the depth at which they love. You can rely on it, depend on it just as sure as you can bank on the sun rising in the east and setting in the west.”

“W-why’re you sharing this with me?”

Deborah finally looked back at me. “Because I want you to know what you’ve walked into.” She took my hand without the cup in hers. “My Carter was always destined to do great things and follow his own destiny. It took his father a little time to learn that, but he learned it eventually. I always believed his greatest joy would be his family. I see he’s finally found that. You keep his heart safe because I assure you he will guard yours and Diego’s with his entire life… and then some.”

My mouth fell open and shut a few times as I racked my mind for some sort of response. But everything I came up with seemed ridiculously shallow in the face of what she’d just shared.

But Deborah seemed to read my mind when she said, “You don’t have to say anything. It’s a lot to take in. Trust me, I know.”

At that moment, movement out of the corner of my eye caught my attention. I glanced over and saw Aaron walking past us, again reaming someone out on his phone. He’d been distracted with calls for much of the time we’d been there.

“You sure about all of the Townsend men loving hard?” I mumbled. I hadn’t meant to blurt that out loud.

I don’t know what I expected but it wasn’t for a mischievous grin to appear on her face as she carefully watched her second oldest son. “You know what they say, the meaner they are the harder they fall.”

I was pretty sure it was the bigger they are the harder they fall, but I kept quiet.

“That one,” she tilted her head at Aaron, “will fall the hardest. Especially since he already has.” Her eyes narrowed.

I wrinkled my forehead, wondering what the hell she was talking about, but she looked back at me and clapped her hands. “Enough about that. Tell me about that charming son of yours.” We went on to talk for another few minutes before all the men started coming over to the table. It was the end of the day and the family day was wrapping up.

Just as Carter and I were saying our last good-byes, Diego’s shrieks of laughter pierced the air. I glanced over to see my little boy running circles around a scowling Aaron.

“Diego, leave Mr. Aaron alone,” I scolded my son.

“But he has fairies around him, Mama!” Diego exclaimed, again in awe of something that so obviously wasn’t there. I highly doubted any fairies ― should they exist ― wanted anything to do with the mean looking specimen in front of me. And once again I highly doubted Deborah’s words from earlier about Aaron loving the hardest. The man was as movable as a brick wall, and I wasn’t just talking physically, though he was as tall and broad as the rest of the Townsend men.

“Come on, buddy.” Carter scooped Diego up. “How about we head home and I fix us some pizzas while your mama and I discuss how she’s going to decorate the house?”

I cut my eyes at Carter. I still hadn’t spoken to him about the interior designer he’d hooked me up with. When I’d brought it up earlier, he simply said that he trusted my opinion and I had free reign to furnish and decorate however I wanted. The man was beyond impossible.





****

Carter

“Roll call!” Eric yelled out as he stood in the center of the main room, clipboard in hand. “Carter, you’re on equipment duty today. We need a total count of everything. Brass wants it within the week.”

“Everything?” I questioned, just to make sure I heard him correctly.

He nodded. “I don’t make the rules, I just follow ’em.”

“This is bullshit,” I grumbled. It could take weeks to properly inspect and count the station’s entire equipment count. “I’m definitely giving the rookies some of this bullshit task. Corey too.”

“Why me?” Corey called out from the other side of the room.

“’Cause unlike the rookies, I’m pretty sure you know how to count,” I chuckled.

Corey frowned but eventually laughed, too.

“Let’s get started, shall we?”

“Whatever, man. Hey, Harvard, to make it up to Carter and I, I say you have that wife of yours bake us up another one of her chocolate lava cakes.”

“My wife doesn’t take baking orders from your clowns.” Eric pointed his pen in Corey’s direction. I had a laugh at his possessiveness. Now, I knew exactly what he felt whenever someone in our squad mentioned his wife’s name. Immediate and swift protection is what mine felt like.

Speaking of Michelle ... I had finally gotten her onboard with the interior designer idea. She was reluctant from the start, especially pointing out that I’d had Diane ambush her at her office. She was right on that account. I’d told Diane to take some pictures and samples with her, knowing that once Michelle saw them she wouldn’t be able to turn her away. It was a risky move but it won her over. I waited a couple of hours after she sent that angry text when Diane first showed up. By then, she was much calmer having looked at the layout. Still, she was insistent that it wasn’t her place to design. After we spent family day together with my brother’s team, she was less hesitant. I took that opportunity to schedule another appointment with Diane for the following evening. That one was scheduled at my house and Michelle couldn’t help but get excited about decorating. We were making progress.

“Oop! That’s us!” Corey yelled seconds after the firehouse alarm sounded. We both tossed down the equipment we’d been sorting to grab our boots and fire repellant gear, and headed straight for the trucks.

“What address did they say?” I stopped in my tracks. Oddly, a feeling of trepidation moved through my entire body. I never got nervous when calls came through, but the address …

“One Townsend Squ–” Corey paused, realizing what he was saying. “Shit!”

“Let’s go!” I ordered, climbing into the passenger side of the truck without thinking about it.

Eric was behind the wheel and in no time we were pulling out of the garage.

“You know the layout of the building better than anyone,” he yelled over to me.

I nodded, looking straight ahead, pulling the lever for the horn to sound. These fucking cars were taking their sweet ass time to get out of the way.

“Carter! Are you listening to me?”

I turned back to Eric. “What?” I growled impatiently.

“I said that maybe you’ll wanna sit this one out. Watch from the ground.”

I scowled at Eric. “Why the fuck would I do that? You just said I know this building better than anyone. That’s my fucking family in there!”

“Alright. Alright! I was just making sure. We’re going to need your total attention on this. No distractions.”

I nodded tightly. I knew Eric was just doing his job, making sure he sent the right guys where they needed to go, but there was no way in hell I was about to remain on the ground while my family’s business was in flames.

“What floor did the fire start on?” I questioned as soon as I jumped out of the truck of one of the guy’s of another squad.

“They’re saying it started on the top floor. Birthday party or something.”

A pang of nervousness hit my gut.

“We need to get up there!” I yelled to Eric.

“Reports of one, possibly two people trapped on the first floor.”

I ran to the back of the truck along with Corey and Don. We packed our gear onto our backs, along with our helmets, and started for the main entrance where employees were still running out of. Eric and Don directed employees to the nearest exits and Corey and I went to lock the elevators. The building was thirty stories high and while it was a general safety rule to never take elevators in the event of a fire in the building, people often did. The best way to prevent them from doing so was to lock the elevators. One advantage I had was that I knew this building very well and knew the precise code to punch in the keypad to lock the elevators. We didn’t have to waste time waiting for the building’s security manager.

“Stairs!” I yelled to Corey and turned to run past the elevators to make the long trek up the thirty flights. By most standards it was an arduous task, but this was the reason we trained so hard, everyday. Our gear added almost hundred pounds to our bodyweight. But carrying all that up thirty flights was nothing at this point. I just concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other, until we hit the next floor level. When we did, we hit the doors, yelling out and making sure all employees had evacuated.

“Let’s go! You gotta exit the building!” Corey yelled as we reached the tenth floor, finding a young woman tucked under her desk, in shock. “Can you walk?” he asked. She nodded her head. He guided her to the stairs and instructed a passing employee to help her down. We proceeded to check out that floor and then moved up to the next. At about the twelfth floor smoke had begun filling the air, obviously having made its way through the air vents.

“Eric, if there’s someone trapped on the top floor, only escape option might be the roof,” I told Eric as we bound up the stairs already at the twenty-fifth floor.

“We’ll head up!” Eric yelled.

We finally made it to the thirtieth floor but Eric and Corey continued up to the next flight for the roof. I removed my glove to feel the handle of the door. The metal was hot, the flames obviously still ablaze on the other side. I pushed my hand back into my glove and adjusted my face mask so it was secured over my face. Bracing myself, I pulled the door open. As if I’d just opened a hot oven and stood in front of it, a gush of searingly hot air washed over me. I looked to my right and saw a wall of fire. Flames had taken over just about half of the lobby.

“Fire department!” I yelled. “Anybody in here? Call out!” I braced myself to move farther into the inferno. I kicked over chairs and pushed desks, making sure no one was there.

“Help!” I heard from behind me and I turned to see a man in a wheelchair in the corner.

“Son of a bitch!” I grunted. “Are you hurt?” I asked, checking over him.

He’d removed his shirt to cover his face and use as a filter to breath through.

“N-no. I can’t get out.”

I nodded and looked around. I knew my best bet wasn’t going to be to attempt to carry this guy down the stairs.

“Carter to Rescue Four come in!” I yelled into my intercom.

“Rescue Four,” Eric’s booming voice responded.

“I’ve got a wheelchair bound male trapped. No way we make it down the stairs.”

“Copy that. Can you make it to a window?”

I looked around―the windows were obscured by the flames. I debated and came up with an idea. I wheeled the guy through the lobby and farther down the hall where the offices were. I twisted the knob to Aaron’s main office but it was locked. My heart rate quickened.

“We’re gonna get you outta here, buddy,” I assured the man. “Do you know if anyone else is in here?”

“I-I don’t think so.’”

I nodded and raised the hatchet I’d been carrying with me this whole time. Making sure the guy was far enough from my swing, I swung the hatchet into the door, breaking an inch or two into the wood. It took about five more swings before I had a hole big enough to reach my hand through and get to the lock. Opening the door, I wheeled the guy in and closed the door behind us, trying to put a small buffer between us and the flames.

“Aaron!” I called, searching the office.

“The boss is out of the office today at a meeting.”

My shoulders slumped in relief just a little bit. I didn’t have time to rejoice that my brother wasn’t in danger since I still had a trapped man that needed rescuing. I made a beeline for the windows, feeling them out. One opened, allowing for some ventilation, but both of our bodies would never fit through the space.

“Alright, buddy. What’s your name?” I asked, removing my mask.

“M-Mark.”

“Okay, Mark. We’re going to have to go through the window.”

“What? No, no! I can’t. I can’t walk. How will I be―”

“Mark,” I yelled, palming the sides of his chair, “I know you’re afraid but I’ve done this countless times. If I said we’re going to make it out of here, we’re getting the fuck outta here!” I didn’t have time for niceness. “Keep that shirt over your nose and mouth!” I ordered, picking up my hatchet again and heading back to the window.

“Carter to Rescue Four. Come in.”

“Rescue Four to Carter.”

“I’m on the southeast end of the thirtieth floor. I’m going to break a window. I need you to send that harness down as fast as you fucking can!”

“Copy that. Heading for the southeast part of the roof.”

Again I lifted my hatchet and took my best swing at the office window. It cracked but didn’t shatter. For that I needed three more swings, but eventually glass was everywhere at my feet instead of being the barrier to the outside it once was. And despite it being close to the low eighties outside, the gust of air felt at least twenty degrees cooler than the air in the lobby had felt.

“Okay, Mark, my guys are sending down the harness. We’re going to have to leave the wheelchair behind. I’ve got you,” I stated sharply when he began to protest. Out of the corner of my eyes I saw something swing past the now bare window. Running over, I caught the harness the next time it passed.

“Few more inches, Rescue Four!” I stated into my intercom. Seconds later the rope of the harness slackened and I was able to pull it in enough so that I could step into one of the two attached harnesses and strap it tightly around my legs and waist.

“Alright, Mark, let me guide you.” I put the second harness over his feet and up his legs before attempting to lift him from the wheelchair. Mark and I both grunted when I lifted him from the chair.

“I got you!” I had to partially drag Mark toward the window. When we made it, I said, “Alright, Mark, we’re going out of the window. I need you to just let yourself be moved, okay?”

He nodded, obviously terrified.

It took a bit of work to get us both out of the window. I lifted a hand from Mark and then tugged at the rope to let my guys know it was safe to start lowering us.

“Oh God! Oh God!” Mark began repeating over and over.

“We’re okay,” I consoled. I looked up to see Eric and Corey looking down over the edge of the roof.

“Ladder’s beneath you on the fifteenth,” came through my walkie-talkie.

I nodded and gave a thumb’s up to the guys above me.

“Mark, we’re going to be lowered to the fifteenth floor to the ladder of my truck. It’s already in position to receive us and will lower us to the ground,” I informed him. By then his entire upper body was trembling. “Don’t look down,” I advised when I saw his head beginning to lower. Worst thing anyone in this position could do. I glanced up to stare above us. There wasn’t a cloud in the sky. I took a mental picture of how beautiful it was and how grateful I was to do the job I did.

I’m sure for Mark it felt like forever until our bodies hit the metal of the ladder. Don and one of the rookies were in position to receive us. I unhooked my harness and Don helped me carry Mark down to the truck’s roof.

“How you doin’, Mark?” I asked.

“Uh, um, ask m-me once I’m on s-solid ground.”

I grinned a little and nodded. “Seems fair.”

With Don’s help we brought Mark down the side of the truck where there was already a gurney waiting for him.

“Th-thank you!” He grasped tightly onto my hand, squeezing it with his still trembling hands.

“You’re more than welcome. Let these paramedics get you fixed up.” I was sure he’d suffered some smoke inhalation and a few burns, mainly minor, but they still needed to be checked out.

I watched as he was rolled off, paramedics placing an oxygen mask over his face. He was probably in shock at that point. My attention was pulled to yelling behind me. I turned from Mark being loaded in the ambulance to see my brother storming down the sidewalk, yelling at everyone in sight.

“What the hell happened?” he barked at the nearest officer.

I slowly made my way over to him, unbothered by his mood. Funny enough, despite the officer being the one with the gun, badge, and handcuffs, he looked frightened as hell of Aaron.

“Aaron!” I called, to take the attention off the poor officer.

“Carter! What the fuck is going on? I’ve been at meetings all day and get a call my damn building’s on fire!” His face was in an even more treacherous scowl than usual.

“Not the whole building. It’s been contained to the top floor, but the damage will be extensive.”

“Anyone hurt?”

I nodded in the direction of the ambulance just as it was pulling off. “I had to pull a guy named Mark through the window. Minor burns and some smoke inhalation, but his chair is still up there, probably destroyed.”

“Son of a bitch!” he yelled. “This was Mark’s first week as my junior assistant.” He shouted for the second time, “How the fuck did this happen? We have all types of safety measures for this.”

“We don’t know, but someone made mention of a birthday celebration gone wrong.”

My brother snarled. And that look alone told me heads were going to roll. I might even be intimidated a little by that look if I were one of his employees. Aaron zeroed in on something across the street and started in that direction. I glanced over and saw a group of his employees huddled amongst the crowd. In typical Aaron fashion he was none too gentle, even as he asked for the second time if anyone had been injured or hurt.

“He looks pissed,” Corey whistled, coming up beside me and staring across the street.

I shrugged. “He’s always pissed. It’s his thing,” I stated. I saw Corey turn to me but I didn’t meet his gaze. Aaron’s deal wasn’t my business. My job was done and I was just satisfied that no one had been seriously injured. Besides, I knew I’d learn all about what transpired to cause the fire through the investigation and my family’s own private review of the incident.

“Let’s load the truck. I’m fucking starving.” I slapped Corey’s chest with the back of my hand. “Eric, let’s stop at Luigi’s on the way back. Don’t you say shit!” I pointed at Don whose mouth was already partially opened, ready to talk shit about my choice in places to eat.

I watched as Don mumbled something while he tossed equipment in the back of the truck, but he didn’t directly respond.

We stopped and picked up some pizzas on the way back. I impatiently waited for the next four hours of my shift to pass. All I wanted to do was shower the day off and spend the evening in bed with the love of my life. We had a date that night and her mother had already agreed to keep Diego overnight. And although I’d miss the hell out of the little guy, I was greatly appreciative of the opportunity to have some alone time with Michelle.





~ Chapter Seventeen ~

Michelle

“Oh my God!” I pressed my hand to my chest, inhaling deeply as I watched the images on the flatscreen television that hung in the corner of our office lobby. Usually, Nancy had us playing office music from the television to promote a warm, friendly work atmosphere, but when Natoi ran in my office and told me to turn on the news, we switched channels. Now, I was staring as the love of my life dangled, a horrifying thirty stories in the air. And he wasn’t alone. Apparently, there’d been a fire at Townsend Industries and his squad had been called in to rescue a trapped employee. A mix of emotions swirled in my belly as the news reporter continued to give her blow-by-blow report of the scene.

“That’s your Carter, right?” Natoi questioned. I began looking around, noticing a few of the other employees were coming out to watch what was happening.

“Sh!” I shushed Natio, not wanting my personal business spreading around the office. Not only was I just not into gossiping at work, but I didn’t want my relationship being made public to anyone, for personal reasons. Instead of answering Natoi’s questioning look, I turned back to the screen, sighing in relief as Carter was lowered onto the ladder of a firetruck. I watched silently, heart still beating out of control, as another firefighter helped Carter carry a man down the ladder onto the roof of the truck. Not until I saw him make it safely with two feet on the ground did I release a full breath.

“You better go call your ma–” I didn’t let Natoi finish her sentence before I was pulling her by the arm into my office.

“Girl! What is wrong with you?” I hissed, shutting my door behind us.

“What?” she questioned with an eyebrow raised.

“Stop telling all my business in this office. I don’t need everyone knowing who I date.”

Her full lips twisted into a pout. “Oh, well that’s all you had to say.”

“Yeah.” I gave her a look, partially regretting opening up to her about Carter. But hell, she had noticed something was different about me. I had felt lighter over the last few months, more energized. Just happier in general, and it was all due to him. The light and sense of security he brought not just to my world, but also to my son’s. But still, thinking about that twisted my gut. Carter and Diego had grown so close, so quickly. He called every night right before Diego went to bed just to tell him to have a goodnight, or to read to him over the phone. It didn’t matter if he was at the station either. He’d read to my little boy right in front of his squad members. I could just imagine the look he gave them, daring them to comment on what he was doing. That thought made a smile appear on my face.

“Oh my goodness! Girl, if he’s got you looking like that from just thinking about him, I don’t know how you keep yourself from telling the world about him!” Natoi laughed.

Easy, a vindictive baby daddy, I thought, silently responding to her comment. I wanted nothing more than to tell my world about Carter, but … well, certain circumstances prevented that.

“It is what it is,” I stated out loud and shrugged. I circled my desk to get my cell phone. “Can you grab the Jacobs invite list? We need to go over it one final time for this Friday’s event.”

Natoi smoothed down the edges of her button down top and moved toward the door. “Sure thing. And next week is the Williams & Brodsky affair. I’m sure you’re glad that’s almost over.”

I rolled my eyes. She had no idea how happy I’d be once that event was over with.

“That Gabriel Garcia sure calls a lot. Making special requests here and there. I think he has a crush on you,” she sing-songed.

My stomach plummeted. Gabriel had taken to calling the office more after I stopped answering my cell phone for his calls. Natoi was unaware of my history with Gabriel and I intended to keep it that way.

Instead of answering her directly, I waved a hand in the air, saying, “Getting that event completed will feel like a load off.” Especially since I was also in the beginning stages of planning the Williamsport Fire Department Annual Picnic. I’d spoken to Nancy about the idea after Don approached me about it at Charlie’s that night. Nancy made a few calls to the department and now the huge job was up to Save the Date Event Planners to get it done right.

“I bet it will,” Natoi stated as she exited my office door.

I gave her a small nod of my head, my eyes turned down at the screen of my phone in my hand. Unfortunately, before I could press Carter’s name to dial his cell number, my phone rang. I crinkled my forehead when I saw who the call was from.

“Mom? Everything okay?” My eyes flew to my computer screen checking for the time. It was just after three o’clock. A time when my mother should’ve been picking Diego up from school. My heartbeat began skyrocketing again, fearing she was going to tell me she’d gotten caught up at work or had an accident and couldn’t get to Diego on time. I began running through my mental rolodex for parents of Diego’s friends who wouldn’t mind watching him until I could get off work.

“Diego’s gone!”

I nearly dropped the phone. My knees went slack and I had to hold onto the edge of my desk just to remain on my feet. My mouth had gone bone dry and I struggled to get out. “Wh-what do you m-mean gone?”

“I’m sorry. I mean, his teacher said his father picked him up early from school?”

“What?” As soon as I got that shriek out, my phone clicked, alerting me of another call. I didn’t want to but I pulled the phone from my ear and my belly did another flip flop when I saw who was calling.

“Mama, I have to get this,” I told her. Not even waiting for her response, I clicked over. “Gabriel, do you have Diego?” I questioned in a panic.

“Good afternoon, Michelle. How’re you doing?” His greeting sent a chill down my spine. His casual tone told me he was teasing me.

“Gabriel, is Diego with you? Just let me speak to him, please?” I begged.

“Why, mi vida? Do you think I would harm my own son?”

No. But he’d definitely do whatever he could to harm me.

“Diego, come. Your mama wishes to speak with you.”

“Hi, Mama? Is Grandma coming to get me today?”

My eyes slowly closed and I quickly swiped at a tear that managed to slip out. Diego sounded so innocent, completely unaware of whatever game his father was playing.

“N-not today, baby. Mama will come get you.” I’d already began gathering my keys and purse. “Are you at daddy’s office?”

“I don’t know,” he answered.

I could picture him looking around and shrugging his little shoulders as he said it.

“Can you put your daddy back on the phone?”

“‘K, bye, Mama.”

“See, I told you he was fine.”

“You didn’t tell me anything,” I growled into the phone, my fear quickly replaced by anger. “Why did you pick him up from school? Why didn’t you call me? Are you at your office?”

“I need a reason to see my son?”

I sighed. If I could crawl through the phone and throttle him I swear I would’ve. If thoughts alone could kill, Gabriel would’ve already been cold to the touch, and buried six feet under.

“How about I tell you all about my reasons when you arrive at my office. I’ll tell my assistant to be expecting you. I’m sure you remember the location.” And with that, the opposite end of the phone went dead. He’d hung up.

Within seconds, I was out of my office and pushing past Natio’s desk in a hurry. “I have to go. There’s, uh, been an incident at Diego’s school,” I lied. “Please tell Nancy.”

“Of course,” Natoi replied, a concerned expression on her face.

I didn’t slow down as I breezed out the glass door and punched the down elevator with my knuckles. The fear, anxiety, and anger pushed me forward. I didn’t see anything in front of me. Not on the elevator ride down, not as I retrieved my car in the building’s elevator, and not as I drove the twenty-five minutes to get from one part of downtown Williamsport to the other end to arrive at Williams & Brodsky. I didn’t even think twice of parking in a red zone and hopping out of my car to run inside the building. I grew even angrier when I had to stop at the front receptionist desk to show my I.D., and the security guard had to call up to Gabriel’s office to grant me permission upstairs. I’m sure he was having a fucking field day just thinking of how he was able to so easily manipulate my emotions.

I’m sure it took only a few minutes to get from the lobby to Gabriel’s floor, but it felt like forever.

“Ms. Clarke, Mr. Garcia is in his office. Right this way,” a woman I didn’t recognize but was apparently Gabriel’s secretary instructed me as I entered the door. She led me down the long hallway and knocked on the door of the corner office, that had Gabriel’s name on it.

“Come in.”

His voice alone had my anger flaring again. I entered behind the woman to see Gabriel sitting, smiling proudly behind his desk, perched directly in front of his huge floor-to-ceiling windows. My eyes breezed past him, looking about the office until I reached the leather couch off to the right where Diego sat, playing one of his handheld video games, headphones in his ears.

“Diego!” I shrilled, moving past the secretary to get to my son.

“Hi, Mama.” He smiled his toothless grin.

“Thank you, Rebecca. Ms. Clarke and I need to discuss her case now. Close the door behind you,” he stated rather dismissively.

My eyes were on Diego, quietly inspecting him, when I heard the door close. When I assured myself that he was unharmed, I rose. “Continue playing your game, sweetheart, while your … father and I talk.” I patted Diego as he shrugged and turned his gaze back to the game.

I pivoted and moved closer to Gabriel’s desk. “What was this about?” I whispered, looking to Diego out of the corner of my eye. I cut my eyes back to a smirking Gabriel.

“You don’t know?”

I sighed and rubbed my forehead with my fingers, trying my best to ease the tension that was developing there. Gabriel loved playing games. Enjoyed the pleasure he got from stringing people along. I’d known him for all of my adult life, and he’d always been this way. I was just too young and dumb to realize it back then. Before I brought an innocent life into all of this.

“I enjoy reading the newspaper each morning. You know, most of these millennials,” he scoffed, “they get their news from news feeds on their phones. Not me, I still embrace the feel of an actual newspaper between my fingers as I turn the pages. I guess I’m still old school.” He shrugged.

I rolled my eyes, sighing, but remained silent. Gabriel wouldn’t be rushed to get to the point. And my insisting that he would, would only prolong him.

“Each morning I come in the office early just to read the paper alone before I start my day. Most of the time I skip the sports pages. It’s a lot of gossip these days that I don’t care to read about. But today …” he paused, his dark brown eyes pinning me, “today, I decided to take a look. Imagine my surprise when I turned to read about the Williamsport Panthers and their training camp’s Family Day to find a picture of my very own son’s mother, smiling with one of Tyler Townsend’s brothers as he played catch with my son!” The last part of his statement was spat out viciously, as he stood abruptly from his chair.

Unconsciously, I took a step back when he tossed the very paper he was talking about in my direction. I didn’t move to pick it up from the edge of his desk. I didn’t need to pick it up to see the picture he referenced. Large as day was an image snapped by one of the photographers that had been on the field that day. Tyler’s in the background tossing a soft nerf ball to Diego who sat high on Carter’s shoulders. The three are smiling and laughing as I stand a few feet from Carter, clapping as I watch him. I can see the joy in my own eyes and in that instant I know that’s what has Gabriel pissed off the most. How dare I find happiness with someone else?

The caption underneath the picture says it all. It describes me as Carter’s girlfriend but doesn’t give my or Diego’s name. Of course, Gabriel doesn’t need to see our names in black and white, the image being enough.

My gaze slowly rises to a now fuming Gabriel as if he’s been waiting for me to say something.

“Don’t look at him!” he demands when I glance over at Diego. “I told you what would happen? Told you what I would do? Did I not?” he seethes.

My stomach twists in knots. “Gabriel, it’s not what it looks like,” I lied, trying for anything.

“You think I’m a fucking idiot?”

I thanked God again for the headphones Diego was wearing.

“I told you I would take him if you dated anyone. Not only have you defied me, but you brought my son into it. He’s sitting on his fucking shoulders like he belongs to him!” He pointed angrily at the picture again.

“I’m not a possession you can force to do what you want! I–”

“You what? I should’ve known you were a whore! Just look at your own mother!”

I gasped, and my eyes welled, my body filling with anger. I’d told Gabriel all about my mother. Her drug addiction and how abandoned I’d felt as a child and teenager. Now he was throwing it in my face. I shouldn’t have put that past him since he’d spent years threatening to take my son from me if I dated.

“I’ve already got Suzanne working on drawing up custody papers.”

I inhaled a sharp breath, but he kept right on talking.

“Since my son is obviously not a priority to you, I need to take over for his well-being. I am filing for full custody.”

“Gabriel, you can’t do this,” I insisted.

“I can’t?” He peered at me with so much resentment.

“I didn’t do anything. Diego is my priority. He’s my life. You know that! You have barely seen him in the last year. You’ve been the absentee parent. Not me!” My fury was growing. How fucking dare he insinuate that because I dared to fall in love with someone other than him, that I was the irresponsible parent here.

“What I know is that his mother is off whoring with a Townsend and stringing my six-year-old son along for the ride. Now, I’m sure Marcia will be shocked and a little hurt by learning about Diego, but she will eventually forgive me once he comes to live with us. She’s been empty-nesting lately since our youngest went to college. She’ll come around to having another young child in the house again.”

My stomach churned and I wanted to reach across his desk to throttle him but I knew that would only add more fuel to the fire.

“What do you want?” I asked through gritted teeth.

He rose to his full height, standing behind his desk with his arms folded, assessing me. “What did you say?” He heard me but this was part of his game. He got a thrill out of this. I understood that now.

“I said, what do you want? I’ll do whatever you want.”

He wasted no time answering. “Get rid of him.”

My eyes bulged and air escaped my lungs as I felt like someone was beginning to crush my windpipe. “What?”

“Get. Rid. Of. Him. Today!” he snarled. “Townsend. I want him out of your life and out of Diego’s life. Otherwise, you can kiss your son good-bye! You will never see him again until his eighteenth birthday if I take custody.”

I blinked, trying to hold back the tears that were a result of my anger. I was forced to choose between a life without my son or a life without Carter. Three months ago, I would’ve never thought anything would’ve felt as crushing as this. I looked over at Diego and I saw his eyes quickly move from me back down to the screen in front of him. I noticed he still had his headphones in. I took comfort in knowing he hadn’t overheard this conversation.

Slowly, I pulled my phone out of my purse. Making the only choice I could, I pressed the number to dial Carter’s cell phone.



****

Carter

“One hell of a save!” One of the guys slapped me on the back as I entered the kitchen. We’d just gotten back to the station house after the fire at Townsend Industries. Apparently, my save had made the local news.

“Showing you clowns how its done!” I retorted.

“Ayyye! With a little help from us,” Corey spoke up, holding his hand up to high-five me. We slapped hands twice then shoulder bumped before moving to the kitchen table.

“Yeah, too fucking bad your taste in pizza isn’t as good as your wall dangling skills,” Don grunted as he set the pies on the table. The room went up in laughter. Eric brought the plates over to the table, handing me the stack. I took one and passed the stack to Corey right before sitting down. We all dove in as soon as the box opened. The room filled with the delicious aroma of sausage, peppers, and cheese. After the first few bits, the normal shit talking that accompanied our meals started up.

“How’s that pretty lady of yours, Carter?”

I paused, pizza halfway to my mouth at the mention of Michelle from Don’s mouth. His eyes were glittering with laughter, even though it was a rather innocent question. Beside me, I heard Corey whistle low in his throat.

“I wouldn’t do that if I were you, Don. You know how sensitive my man is about his woman.” Corey clapped me on the shoulder. “Just leave well enough alone, man.”

“What? It’s just a damn question. You getting soft on me, too, Corey? First, Eric gets his panties twisted about his Angel. Next, Carter threatens to beat my ass over a woman he pulls out of a car, and somehow I’m in the wrong,” he scoffed, shaking his head before taking another bite of his slice.

“’Cause you’re an ass,” I spoke up.

“Especially, when it comes to women,” Eric added.

“Don’t mind yourself about my woman. Just have a damn suit picked out for my wedding when you get the invite.”

The entire table went quiet, but I went right on eating. I meant what I’d said.

“It’s like that?” Corey questioned.

I shrugged, not even looking at him.

“Fucking knew it!” Don laughed, clapping.

“The fuck are you so giddy about it for?”

“Because!” he shouted. “I love weddings. I’ve gotten plenty of sympathy pussy at ’em. Weddings and funerals.”

“This guy is sick. You’re fucking sick. You know that?” Corey stated, laughing at Don.

Don smirked. “It’s true though. All those friends of the bride, feeling sorry for themselves because they just broke up with their boyfriend or he refuses to put a ring on it.”

“So you prey on desperate women?” Eric chimed in.

Don rolled his eyes. “Don’t think of it as preying on women. Shit, I’m not a damn predator.”

“Close enough.”

Don glared at me. “I’m providing a service, really.”

“A service?”

“Yes, Corey, a damn service. Helping those ladies live a little. Experience one of the best orgasms of their lives after the sadness and loneliness that comes with being single at a wedding. I’m a help to society, really.” He shrugged.

I watched as he leaned over the table and grabbed another slice of pizza, plopping it onto his plate. “For someone who complains about my pizza choice, you sure are filling your stomach on it.”

Don paused mid-chew. “It’s not like I had a choice.”

I frowned. “Swallow before speaking. Fucking animal. Anyway, I–” I was cut off when my phone began ringing in my pocket. I pulled it out and grinned when the name “Sugar” appeared on the screen. “I would waste my time with your dumbass some more but someone who actually matters is calling.” I tossed my napkin on my empty plate, and picked it up as I stood.

“Hello, sugar,” I answered smoothly, taking my plate to the sink.

“H-hey.”

My back went straight at the same time an icy cold chill moved down my spine. Something wasn’t right. Her voice. Moving quickly, I exited the kitchen, stepping into one of the back hallways of the station to grant me the privacy I so obviously needed.

“What’s wrong?”

There was a pause on the other end of the phone. A pause I didn’t like and I knew whatever I heard next was going to send me spiraling.

“I can’t see you anymore.”

See what I mean?

My heart constricted in my chest and my entire body filled with a weight I’d never felt before.

“Why not?” I moved right past my shock and went looking for answers. Whatever the issue was, we needed to obliterate it because there was nothing I was going to let stand in the way of Michelle and I.

“B-because …” She paused. The seconds ticked on. My heart beat rapidly in my chest and I had to bite the shit out of my tongue to keep from barking out, demanding immediate answers. That was my usual way, but I wasn’t looking to scare her. I could already hear the fear in her voice.

“It’s your job,” she blurted out.

My frown deepened and I scowled. “My job?”

“I saw you today. You were hanging from a thirty story building, suspended by a rope. I nearly passed out. That’s what you do for a living. Everyday your life’s on the line. And i-it would be one thing if it was just me, but it’s not. I can’t put D-Diego in a position to be hurt.” Her voice was low. The words she was saying made sense but they made absolutely no sense to me. Sure, she’d expressed concerns and fears about my job. She often asked about my squad’s contingency plans for rescues and all of that. I’d patiently answered all of her questions to reassure her. Yes, my job could be dangerous but we were the best and took precautions at every turn.

“You want me to quit my job?” I blurted, not even knowing where that question came from.

I heard her sharp intake of air on the other end of the phone. “I’m not asking you to quit your job. You love it too much.”

“I love you and Diego more.”

Silence. Nothing came from the other end.

“Are you still there?” I knew she hadn’t hung up.

“Y-yes,” she croaked out. “Carter, don’t make this more difficult than it needs to be. I can’t let my son get too attached to someone who may not come home from work one day. It’s not fair to him.”

“Why are you hiding behind Diego? What’re you lying about?” I growled, anger rising.

“I’m not hiding or lying,” she insisted. “We just need to end this now before things get too far and too complicated.”

“It’s too fucking late for that, sugar.”

“I’m going to hang up now. Please just respect my decision.”

The click on the other end of the line solidified her comments. I stood in the middle of the hallway of my firehouse, hearing the guys in the kitchen laugh at something, and I couldn’t remember a time I’d felt so alone. I looked down toward the dark, hardwood floor in front of me, just making sure that my actual heart hadn’t fallen out of my chest and lay as a bloodied stump on the ground in front of me. That might’ve been a welcomed sight in the state I was in. But it wasn’t there. No. My heart still beat in my chest. It only felt like it’d been ripped out from me, along with my entire world.





~ Chapter Eighteen ~

Michelle

“Are you happy now?” I turned, angrily swiping the tears from my eyes. I didn’t want Gabriel to see me cry, but I couldn’t stop them from coming. I blinked rapidly, fighting to pull myself together.

“I’m sure that was tough, mi corazón.” My heart. Another pet name he’d called me while we dated. But that’s exactly what he’d just forced me to tear out of my own chest. The irony. I loathed this man. The one I’d thought I loved when I was just nineteen years old. The one who lied and manipulated me, making me believe we’d be together forever. Only for me to later learn he already had a woman as his forever. I was just the stand-in when he got bored or tired of her from time to time.

“But it is for the best.” He clapped his hands. “Diego,” he called loudly to get my son’s attention. Diego’s head popped up. “Come, hijo.” Gabriel waved him over and Diego looked at me, questioningly.

I swallowed, not knowing what to tell him.

“Come to your father,” Gabriel stated impatiently.

Diego stood and walked slowly to Gabriel’s outstretched arms.

“Good boy. You will be tall like your father. Right?” Gabriel pat his back.

“Yes,” Diego mumbled, obviously uncomfortable. My usually gregarious son knew something wasn’t right. He’d never been close with Gabriel because Gabriel, bastard that he was, only took interest in Diego so he could use him to keep a hold over me.

“Good boy. And you’re doing well in school?”

Diego nodded.

“Good. Well, your mama tells me you have to get home. I’m sure she had some work she needs to complete since she had to leave the office early.” Gabriel peered at me over Diego’s head. “Put your belongings away, son.” He urged Diego back toward the couch where his backpack sat.

“As for you, let’s not have to have this conversation again,” he warned me before pressing a button on his phone.

I remained silent, too angry and heartbroken to respond.

“Yes, Mr. Garcia?” His secretary’s voice filled the silent air in his office.

I felt a soft hand in mine and looked down to see Diego peering up at me through his long lashes with uncertain eyes. I squeezed his hand to console his worries, but I did it also for me. To reassure myself that my son was safe and sound with me. Where he belonged.

“Please see Ms. Clarke and her son out.”

I didn’t even look back at Gabriel as I registered his comments. All of a sudden we were Ms. Clarke and her son. He obviously didn’t want his secretary to know the whole truth, but he sure as hell had no problem doing what he could to get what he wanted.

I pulled the door open and was immediately met by his secretary, standing there. She gave me a tight smile that I didn’t have the energy to return. My feet felt like lead as I lifted them each to walk. I clasped Diego’s hand tightly, and he must’ve felt just as relieved to leave Gabriel’s office as I did, because his comparably shorter legs beat me to the door, carrying him out just ahead of me.

“Oh, Michelle.”

I bit my lower lip to keep the yell that wanted to escape my mouth from coming out.

“Yes,” I answered, tersely.

“Please do not forget about the Williams & Brodsky banquet next Friday. All of the senior partners are looking forward to it.” He grinned and then turned, dismissing me as he pivoted in his chair, presenting me with his back.

Bastard.

I brushed past his secretary who was asking something about whether or not I would like an escort to the lobby. I didn’t bother answering her, instead holding the door open for Diego and then quickly making a beeline for the stairs. I didn’t want to waste one more second on the same floor as Gabriel, waiting for the elevator.

By the time we made it all the way down the stairs and out of the front door, I spotted a police vehicle next to mine. Shit! Could this day turn out to be any worse?

“This your vehicle, ma’am?” the officer questioned.

I nodded.

“This is a no parking lane,” he stated firmly, pointing at the sign that sat right next to my car.

I didn’t bother looking up, nor did I waste time lying. “I apologize, Officer. I had an emergency upstairs.”

“Everyone has emergencies, ma’am. That is not an excuse for anyone to break the law.”

I clamped my mouth shut and just barely held from rolling my eyes. This guy had no clue. I wanted to scream, but bit my tongue almost to the point of drawing blood. And that hurt didn’t even come close to what I’d felt when I’d hung up on Carter not more than fifteen minutes prior. I silently watched as the officer wrote out my ticket. I simply took my ticket, placed Diego in his booster seat in the back of my car, and got in the driver’s seat to head home.

I must’ve gone on complete muscle memory since I had zero recollection of getting from Gabriel’s office building to the parking lot of my apartment complex. It was all a blur. Even Diego had been eerily quiet. I didn’t want to ask what he heard in the office, hoping that he hadn’t heard any of it.

“Mama.”

“Grandma!” Diego greeted, smiling for the first time since we’d left his father’s office. He broke free from my hand to run and give his grandmother a hug. Usually the sight made me warm and fuzzy on the inside, but right then I just felt a deep ache in my heart.

“I came over as soon as I got your text.” My mother peered up at me from hugging Diego. Worry was etched all in her face.

I’d sent my mother a text right before I hopped in my car to get from my job to Gabriel’s. I hadn’t wanted her to worry after I hung up on her.

“Diego’s father was scheduled to pick him up?” my mother questioned.

I turned my eyes down to my son who was looking between us. “Diego, baby. Go use the bathroom and wash your hands for your afternoon snack.”

“Grandma, you remembered my graham crackers, right?”

My mother let out a short laugh. “Would I forget ‘Graham Cracker Tuesday’, baby?”

Diego shook his head before running off.

“Now, tell me what really happened?”

I could barely look at my mother. I’d lied and sent her a text saying I’d forgotten Diego’s father was supposed to pick him up from school. Obviously, she knew better. My mother had never even met Gabriel. All she knew was that he was a man I’d dated in my past and that despite his current absence he paid for Diego’s expensive schooling.

I blew out a long breath and pressed my palm to my forehead. The tension headache that’d started earlier had only grown worse.

“I told you, Ma. Gabriel wanted to spend some time with Diego so he picked him up from school.”

“But I’m listed as the emergency contact. How was he even able to take him from that place. He’s not on the contact list.”

I slowly blinked my eyes shut. Gabriel was on the contact list. He was the one who cut the check so Diego could attend Excelor Academy, and he’d demanded that his name be listed as an emergency contact on the list.

“I added him at the beginning of the school year. H-he’s making an attempt to get to know Diego better.”

“Hmm.”

I couldn’t even look at my mother.

“Well, I saw the news earlier. Your Carter was hanging outside of a building.”

I placed my hand over my chest. It physically hurt to even hear the mention of his name. It just took me back to remembering the pain in his voice when I broke things off over the phone. He masked it as anger. But I could hear it and that crippled me more than anything. I hadn’t even looked at my phone since putting it away earlier. I already knew what I’d see there.

“We broke up,” I stated just above a whisper. I was barely able to get the words out.

“What?” My mother looked at me oddly.

“I couldn’t keep seeing him. His job is too dangerous and I can’t put Diego through being hurt if something were to happen to him.” I decided to continue with the lie I’d made up in Gabriel’s office. It seemed to make the most sense. And though my mother and I had gotten closer in recent years, I just wasn’t ready to share the entire truth with her. Not with anyone.

“Michelle.”

I flinched at the way she said my name. Her tone was full of censure. Thankfully, Diego returned before she could go on.

“Here, baby, let’s get you set up with your graham crackers and milk.” My mother went to the kitchen while Diego sat down at the table.

“You want some, too, Mama?”

I smiled at my sweet baby boy. “No thanks, baby. You eat them. I’ll help you with your homework once you’re done.”

“’Kay,” he stated happily just as the graham crackers were placed in front of him.

“Let’s talk.” My mother came over to me, pulling me by my hand closer to the door, so Diego wouldn’t overhear.

“I’m worried about you,” she whispered, close to me. “You’re forgetting about Diego’s father picking him up. And now, you’re breaking up with a man who seemed to be really into you and your son. What’s going on? You’re not thinking of getting back with Diego’s father, are you?”

The question alone had me clutching my abdomen in horror. I closed my eyes and had to steady my breathing, remembering that my mother didn’t know the full story. To her, it might seem like I was now attempting to throw myself at Gabriel again.

“No, Mama. It’s nothing like that,” I stated low enough so only she could hear. I peeked over her shoulder at Diego. “It’s just that I have to look out for his well-being. Carter is a dare devil of sorts. An adrenaline junkie who loves the thrill of moving fast, saving lives, beating back fires. He’s great at it, but it’s dangerous and he could very well get hurt or die from it. I have to protect Diego from that outcome.”

“Or yourself.”

I blinked at my mother who was staring at me straight on.

“From what I saw of that young man, he loved you the same way he lived his life. And that may be what’s got you so scared.”

I swallowed the lump in my throat. My mother was right to an extent. Carter loved with the same ferocious intensity that he lived. It was a thrill to be the center of that type of love. And yes, it did scare the hell out of me, but that wasn’t what was keeping us apart.

“You need to rethink your decision. I think that man is good for you. And more importantly, he’s good for Diego. He could be the father figure my grandson actually needs. Not some part-time, show up when he wants to father that he appears to have now.”

Again, I remained silent. My mother was right and I didn’t have a comeback save for the truth which I wasn’t spilling.

“Well, let me get out of here. Now that you two are home and okay, I am going to go get the manicure and pedicure I’ve been putting off for weeks now.”

I gave my mother a small smile. “Okay, Mama. Enjoy it.” I pressed a kiss to her cheek, feeling weakened when she wrapped her arms tightly around me. She stepped back and gave me a lingering look before going over to say good-bye to Diego.

A few hours after my mother had left, I had helped Diego complete his homework assignments and played a couple of dance video games with him to try and perk up my mood. It may have worked on the outside, as Diego appeared to be happy, but I still felt miserable. Just after I’d given him a bath and was preparing him to get in the bed he asked, “What time is Mr. Carter calling tonight? He’s going to finish the book we started last week. Or is he coming over to read to me?” He was so giddy when he asked the last question. The sparkle in his eye at just the thought of seeing Carter was nearly enough to make me burst into tears.

“Not tonight, baby. Mr. Carter had to work late.”

His face immediately turned into a pout but then he perked up a little and said, “That’s okay. Firefighters are really busy sometimes. They have big, important respec, rispon―” he faltered.

“Responsibilities?”

“Yup, responsibilities.”

“You’re such a good boy,” I stated, pulling him in and kissing the top of his curly hair. “How about Mama reads to you tonight?”

He smiled and climbed on his bed to pull his book down from the overhead bookshelf. I read to Diego for the next twenty minutes, until he fell asleep. I slowly, pulled myself from his bed and placed the book back on the shelf, before going over to the opposite side of the room, turning off the light and closing the door behind me.

I moved slowly up the hallway, feeling heavy and dazed. Now that it was quiet and I was alone the weight of the day began to sit itself right on top of my shoulders. The ache in my heart began to feel like a sharp knife’s edge piercing my very soul. Now was the time of day when I was so used to either seeing or hearing from Carter. But I didn’t have time to think of that. I needed to work on how I was going to get Gabriel out of my life. I was done with his constant manipulation. I couldn’t handle Gabriel and tell Carter what was happening at the same time. Carter would try to fix this, and that wasn’t his job. I just had to hope he wouldn’t move on before I could remedy my situation with Gabriel.

I pulled my phone from my purse, preparing to go to my bedroom where my laptop rested to start doing research on family law attorneys, only to see his three missed calls and one text message. The pain only grew worse.

I deleted the missed calls, glad to see he hadn’t left a voicemail because I just couldn’t bear hearing the sound of his voice right then. But when I opened the text message I got another surprise that had me in a panic.

I’m coming over!

I checked the timestamp and the message had come through about thirty minutes prior. I was just about to send a response text telling him not to do that when a knock sounded at my door. My stomach dropped again for the third time that day. I debated about what to do. Maybe if I just pretended I wasn’t ho–

“I know you’re in there, sugar.”

My knees, I swear they were made of jelly. Slowly, I padded over to the door, knowing I had to do something unless he’d wake Diego up. And I couldn’t have that. I opened the door only about three inches. My eyes immediately watered at the sight of his red-rimmed eyes. He looked tired. I remembered just then he’d been working a twenty-four hour shift that day. He was supposed to go straight home to get some sleep. But instead he’d obviously come here.

“You look beautiful.”

All the air rushed from my lungs. I wasn’t expecting that. But I should’ve. It was the same way he always greeted me when I opened my door. I leaned against the door for strength, tightening my grip around the doorknob.

“You shouldn’t have come here.”

“There was nowhere else for me to go. Not when you tried to end things between us.”

I lowered my eyes to the floor. He wasn’t going to make this easy. Not that I’d expected him to.

“Do you want to tell me what’s really going on or shall I have to guess?”

“I told you what’s going on. It’s just not a good idea for us to … to…”

“To what? To be together? You can’t even say it.”

He was right. I couldn’t say it again. Had said it enough for one day and it shredded my heart each and every time I spoke those words.

“Carter, please.”

“Please what? You want me to leave?”

No. “Yes,” I choked out. “Diego’s asleep and I don’t want to wake him.”

“So all of this is about Diego?”

“Yes.”

“Bullshit.”

I tightened my lips at his terse response, still staring at the floor. I couldn’t look at him. He read me much too easily.

“Look at me.”

I refused.

“Look at me,” he stated more forcefully.

And as if my eyes followed his command instead of my own, they rose to meet his. I had to bite the inside of my cheek as a sob dared to escape my mouth. The look in his eyes was so … so … Carter. That’s the only way to describe it. A mix between fierceness, boldness, confidence, and a warmth that I’d only known with him.

“I’ll leave.”

And I nearly broke at hearing those words.

“But I’m not giving up. This isn’t over. We aren’t over.” He glared at me with harsh eyes. The tightness in his jaw demonstrated that he was struggling to contain his anger and… fear. I saw it plainly written all over his face. He was letting me see it. His fear of losing me… us. When he blinked, it appeared as if a switch had been flipped and his face went blank. That’s the only way I could describe it. The emotion that had been so prevalent just a second ago was gone. His face remained neutral as he stood to his full height, gave me one last, lingering look, and then turned to leave. Each step he took felt like a compression on my heart. It literally hurt more and more the farther away he moved.

Slowly, I closed the door and decided to give into the tears that wanted to spill over onto my cheeks, when I heard …

“Mama?”

Blinking, I turned to see my son standing in his now favorite firefighter pajamas, rubbing his sleepy eyes. I quickly rubbed my own eyes, freeing them of the tears that would just have to wait until later. Until I was alone in my room and able to spill my emotion out into the pillow.

“Diego, what are you doing up, baby?”

“I thought I heard Mr. Carter.”

I swallowed and shook my head. “No, sweetie, that was a man on the TV. Come on, let’s get to bed, you have school in the morning.” I went to him, taking his hand and walking him back to his bedroom. The guilt from the lie I’d just told threatened to choke me along with my own sorrow.

“Do I have to go live with my daddy?”

My eyes widened but I held the gasp that tried to burst from my lips. “W-where did you hear that from?”

“He said I would have to live with him if you kept being mean.” Diego peered up at me from his bed with angst filling his brown eyes.

I bent low to kiss his cheek and brush a curl from his forehead. I needed to remember to schedule his next haircut appointment. I stared down at my son and the same fierce protection I felt the moment he was placed in my arms after his birth filled me.

“No one is ever taking you from me. Ever. Okay?”

A small smile crossed his face. “’Kay, Mama.” With that, he turned over, closing his eyes.

I waited a few moments until his breathing slowed into an easy rhythm, signaling that he had fallen asleep. I remained for a long while, well after Diego fell into a deep slumber. I’d just lied to the two most important people in my world. Although I couldn’t pinpoint the exact moment it’d happened, Carter had become just as much my world as Diego. The two owned my whole heart. How was I supposed to sit by and let him go?



****

Carter

“Shit! Easy with that!” Don growled a few feet from me as we stood in the equipment room. “You almost took my fucking head off with that damn thing!”

The scowl that I’d already been wearing on my face deepened as I slowly moved my eyes from the hatchet in front of me over to Don. “Quit acting like a bitch. Barely fucking grazed you,” I grumbled. I went back to swiping the rag across the blade of the hatchet, cleaning it.

“You’ve had a bug up your ass for a full week now. I don’t know what the fuck you did, but go back and tell Michelle you’re sorry. Buy her some fucking flowers, cake, ice cream, fuck it a new car or house. You can afford it. Just go beg her for her forgiveness so you can quit your goddamned moping around here!” Don shouted, pointing a finger at me.

A searing heat rose in my chest at the mere mention of her name. It’d been a week since the night I’d left her apartment. I hadn’t called or reached out since because I was still sorting through my own shit. I knew it was deeper than her fear of my job. I just had no idea what it was because she refused to tell me. Hell, maybe it was exactly what she’d said. I did have a dangerous job. It couldn’t have been easy to watch me dangling thirty stories high on the local news. But I’d learned to trust my instincts in the army and my instincts were telling me this had nothing to do with my job. The only problem was, the love I felt for Michelle and Diego clouded my instincts.

“First the fuck of all,” I growled standing and turning to Don. “Don’t ever mention her fucking name again. She’s none of your goddamned business!”

“What about Rescue Four? Is that my business? Because your ass has been out of it the last week. That job at the apartment yesterday? You were slow and held us up.”

Rage. Pure rage filled me. Next thing I knew I was in Don’s face, shoving him, hard. “You trying to say I can’t do my goddamned job?”

“Fuck yeah, that’s what I’m saying, you pussywhipped motherfucker!”

Everything went red after the first swing. I don’t remember how many blows I landed or how many Don landed. The next thing I could recall was Eric, Sean, and Corey, yelling and getting in between Don and myself. I blinked a few times, and saw Eric’s concerned face in mine.

“Let’s take a walk, man.” He patted me on the back, urging me out of the room.

I took one last glaring look at Don and turned with Eric. We left out of the room, passing through the TV and main room of the fire station until we were out back. As soon as we cleared the last step, I felt a shove at my back.

“The hell was all of that about?”

I turned to a pissed off looking Eric. I knew I fucked up but I hadn’t cared.

“Sorry, man. Don is fucking frustrating sometimes.” I ran my hand through my shortly-cropped hair and down the back of my neck.

“Don’s a jackass but he’s Don. And he’s under a lot of pressure right now, too.”

I squinted at Eric.

“There was another apartment fire. Another family trapped inside. Little girl died,” he stated.

I slow blinked my eyes closed. I knew about that fire, though I had been off when that particular call came in. “He thinks this is connected to the other apartment fires?”

Eric nodded. “But the brass doesn’t think so.”

“Shit.”

“Yeah. He’s taking it hard, too. But back to you.”

I looked over at Eric.

“Don’s not the only one who’s received the brunt of your ire this week. What’s going on? Is it Michelle?” Eric peered at me, contemplatively, as if he was assessing me. Trying to discern whether I’d react to him the same way I’d reacted to Don for mentioning Michelle’s name.

I rubbed my chest. Just hearing her name sent a throb through my heart.

“I miss her and Diego.”

“Diego?”

“Her six-year-old son.”

Eric nodded, understanding coming over his face.

“I felt crazy as hell, too, when I fell for Angel. All I knew was that I wanted her. She was a part of me and there wasn’t anyone that was going to stand in the way of that.”

I inhaled, taking his words in.

“What if she’s the one standing in the way?”

“Same thing we do on the job. Figure out whatever the blockade is and obliterate it.”

I grunted. “Fucking tough guy.”

“Got to be. I work with the best of the best.” He clapped me on the back and I nodded, receiving the compliment.

“Thanks, man.”

“For what?” he questioned, looking at me with a raised eyebrow.

I just chuckled. I worked with a bunch of tough guys. We’d never considered ourselves emotional or sentimental, but apparently that shit changed when you fell in love.

“Hey,” I called as we entered the hallway, to a passing Don.

Sean and Eric passed both of us, letting us have some privacy.

I inhaled deeply and pushed out a breath. “That was uncalled for. My behavior. I’m sorry.”

Don stared at me, taking a long while to respond. For a second I thought he wasn’t going to respond, or worse, he’d want to continue where we’d left off now that we were alone again. I had no problem going toe-to-toe again if that’s what he wanted but I hoped he wouldn’t.

“Sorry ass bastard,” he growled, while raising his hand for a handshake.

I grinned, taking his hand, and he pulled me in for a brief hug.

“I really would’ve hated to have to kick your pretty boy ass all over this station anyway.”

“In your fucking dreams, Donnie. Your mother wouldn’t even be able to recognize your already ugly mug once I was done with you.”

We both laughed, talking shit to one another.

“Don, Carter, out here. Students are coming.”

My eyebrow peaked. “Students?” I asked Captain Waverly, who’d just called to us from the kitchen.

“The second grade class from Excelor Academy,” Captain replied.

“You fucking forgot, didn’t you? We talked about it last week how the kids from that preppy ass school you attended were coming this week,” Don reiterated.

“Damn.” I had forgotten. My mind had otherwise been occupied and caught up in a haze of my own heartbreak.

“Let’s go,” Don stated, slapping the back of his hand to my chest.

I followed him down the hall through the main lobby and out to the garage where two of our firetrucks sat. In between the trucks were a group of twenty something children who appeared to be no older than six or seven years of age. I glanced over the children, the ache in my heart growing until my eyes landed on a familiar face. As soon as he saw me, his eyes lit up and a millisecond later he was barreling toward me.

“Mr. Carter!” Diego yelled, shocking his classmates and their teachers.

Instinctively, my knees bent into a squat and my arms went wide to receive him. As soon as I encircled his body, I stood, picking him up with me. He smelled like the baby powder his mother still used on him every morning. His skinny arms wrapped tightly around my neck. Once I’d gotten my fill of the hug, I pulled back slightly to stare at him.

“I missed you,” he blurted out.

“Not anymore than I missed you, little guy.” It was the honest to God truth.

“Mama said you were busy working and couldn’t come by to see us anymore or call.” The sadness in his voice spilled over into his eyes.

A surge of anger and sorrow filled me. Michelle must’ve made up the lie to explain my absence to Diego. That pissed me off more than I’d already been.

“Did she now? Well, we get to see each other now, right?”

“Yup!” He happily nodded. “I’m with my class and Mrs. Gerber’s class, too. They said we were going to visit some firefighters but I didn’t know it was your station.”

“Lucky for you, it was, huh?” Reluctantly, I bent low to place Diego on the ground, but as soon as I did, he grabbed tightly onto my hand, as if letting me know he wasn’t going to let me get too far. I was just fine with that. We stood like that, his hand in mine, as Captain Waverly made the introductions between the students, teachers, and the present members of our squad.

All of the children looked so amazed when they got to try on one of our helmets and sit in the back of one of our trucks. We showed them around the station, turned on the siren for them, and even let them slide down the pole from the second floor to the first. They asked tons of questions when it was Eric’s turn to present the safety lesson. He showed the kids how to dial 911 in the case of an emergency or fire, and what to do if their clothing caught on fire. They laughed and giggled uproariously while doing demos of the stop, drop, and roll practice. That and the pole slide were the only portions of the presentation that Diego hesitated on since it required that he let my hand go. Only when I reassured him that I wasn’t going anywhere did he release my hand and participate with the rest of his class.

The two hours they were with us went by much too quickly. My stomach filled with regret when the Captain began giving his thank you for coming speech because it obviously meant they were leaving soon. Which meant Diego would be leaving.

“Mr. Carter,” Diego whispered, breaking into my thoughts.

I looked down and saw concern-filled eyes. “What’s up, little guy?” I questioned, stooping low to get on his level.

“I need to tell you something,” he whispered, his gaze darting back and forth.

I squinted, and stood, looking around. I took Diego by the hand and brought him to the kitchen so we had a little bit of privacy.

“You can tell me,” I reassured.

“It’s Mama,” he said in a low tone, his eyes hitting the floor.

“What’s wrong with your mom?” I did my best to control my voice. The nervousness I felt began to constrict around the muscle at the center of my chest. Everything from possible sickness to losing her job, to some other harm coming to her ran through my mind in the span of a few seconds.

“It’s my dad.”

“What about him?” I prodded.

Diego nodded. “He took me from school last week. I didn’t want to go because he said he was gonna take me to live with him if my mama kept being mean to him.”

I wrinkled my forehead, trying to make sense of what Diego was saying.

“Your mama was being mean to him?”

Diego shook his head. “That’s what he said, but he was yelling at my mama. In his office. He saw a picture of us with Mr. Tyler at the football stadium and he told my mama to stop seeing you.”

My eyes widened but I bit my tongue to prevent the curse that tried to escape. I didn’t want to scare Diego with my rage.

“How do you know all of this, Diego?” I had to be positive that he was sure of what he was talking about. Despite my love for this kid, I had to remember he was still a six-year-old child with a possible overactive imagination.

“I heard them. In his office. I was wearing headphones so they didn’t think I could hear but I turned my game off. Right after he said it, my mama called you and said she couldn’t see you anymore.”

I gripped Diego’s arms but lowered my head as a bitterness I’d never felt before ripped through my chest. Somebody was going to lose their life. But I had to tamp down on that emotion for now, in front of my little guy.

“Diego, can you tell me your father’s name?” I asked, slowly, measuring each word.

He looked up, eyes rolling upwards as he pondered. “Um, I think it’s Gabriel and Garcia, like my last name.”

“Gabriel Garcia,” I repeated in a low voice, committing the name to memory. I took another breath and pulled Diego into me again for another hug. “Thank you, Diego. We have to get you back to your class.” I didn’t want to turn him over to his teachers but I had no choice. The students needed to get back to school and now, I obviously had a someone I needed to conduct a thorough background search on.

As soon as the students piled back onto their bus, I pulled my cell phone out of my pants pocket. I could’ve taken what Diego told me to Michelle to confront her about it, but that’s not how I operated. If this Gabriel Garcia was the blockade that stood in between Michelle and I, then he needed to be removed. Just as Eric had said earlier.





~ Chapter Nineteen ~

Michelle

“God, I do not want to go in here,” I whispered under my breath. I stood outside of the hotel where the Williams & Brodsky banquet was being held. It was an hour before the guests were due to arrive. I needed to be there to ensure setup was going well. Nancy was scheduled to arrive a little later on, though she wouldn’t be staying the whole evening. This event rested entirely on my shoulders, and that knowledge made me sick to my stomach.

Let’s get this over with, I told myself, picking up my feet and placing one in front of the other until I made it through the doors to the hotel’s lobby. I went straight for the banquet hall where the event was to be held. I entered and my breath hitched. Despite my hating the occasion of this event, I will admit that the setup looked beautiful. The room lighting had been lowered, and overhead, the hotel had strung a series of lights. It gave the room an intimate feel without it being too dark. Across the room circular tables were covered in red tablecloths with beautiful bouquets of red roses in gold vases as the centerpieces. The long-back chairs were covered in white chair covers, with a red stripe running down the centers. At the front, a podium had been set up for the speakers that would give speeches throughout the night.

“Oh good, you’re here.”

I turned to the now familiar voice and smiled, greeting Ariel, the hotel’s assistant manager.

“What do you think?”

“It’s gorgeous. Exactly what I’d envisioned.”

She let out a sigh of relief. “Good.”

“We need to go over the security detail, and the itinerary one more time. I want to make sure everything is on schedule tonight.”

She nodded. “Right.”

We got to work reviewing the schedule. I even went into the hotel’s kitchen to talk with the head chef for the evening to ensure he had enough hors d'oeuvres, main dish options, and desserts. This night had to go off smoothly, because I had no doubt that Gabriel would blame me if it didn’t, and with his irrational behavior I had no idea how he’d respond. Ever since that day in his office, he had been calling day and night. Sometimes he would say he was calling to check up on how the event was going. But I knew that was bullshit since most of the time he was calling well after nine o’clock at night. He was checking up to make sure I was following his orders. Making sure that I was keeping my distance from Carter.

And there went that pang of guilt, anger, and pain I felt in my abdomen whenever I thought about Carter. I don’t know what hurt worse ― remembering the expression on his face when he left my door that night, or realizing that, that had actually been the last time I’d heard from him. He hadn’t made any attempt at contacting me since. And while I should’ve been grateful, it hurt like the hell to think that maybe he really had given up on me. On us.

“Michelle.”

I cringed at the sound of my name on Gabriel’s lips. I turned and another bout of guilt ran through my belly. Standing next to Gabriel was his wife, Marcia. Her green eyes wrinkled at the edges as she smiled, graciously.

“Please meet my wife, Marcia. Sweetie,” Gabriel turned to his wife, “this is the wonderful event planner I told you about. She put this event together for Williams & Brodsky. With my help of course,” he added, confidently, tugging at the lapel of his tuxedo.

Marcia’s smile widened and I just wanted the ground to swallow me whole.

“Pleasure to meet you. It certainly is lovely in here,” she stated, looking around.

“Thank you, Mrs. Garcia. Nothing but the best for our clients at Save the Date Event Planners. If you’ll excuse me.” I nodded before glancing over at Gabriel who was giving me a smirking look. My stomach roiled and I quickly pivoted to head toward the entrance to ensure that those entering were being directed to the right direction.

“Hey, girl.” Natoi waved once I reached the front door of the hotel. She was just one of the other employees who were also working this event with me.

“Hey, can you do me a favor? Take one of the walkie-talkies and just check inside the banquet hall and make sure everyone is getting to their tables.”

“I thought you wanted me out here?” She tilted her head, giving me a funny look.

I had just asked her to stand out here to greet the guests and direct them to the banquet room, but I’d changed my mind. I did not want to be in the same room as Gabriel and his wife. I needed to be as far from them as possible.

“I changed my mind,” I told her.

She furrowed her brows but when I didn’t respond any further, she shrugged and went inside the hotel to do as asked. I pushed out a breath, but as soon as I lifted my head my eyes crashed into a pair of glowering hazel eyes. Shock ricocheted through my body as I recognized Aaron. My heart began to flutter as I panicked, wondering if he was alone or if he was accompanied by his family. I’d forgotten that there was a listing for Townsend Industries on the invitee list. I hadn’t thought the actual CEO would show up but he had.

Aaron’s eyes narrowed upon recognition. Strangely enough, I didn’t take any offense to it. This had been the third or fourth time we’d met and I realized by then that glaring was his everyday expression. He looked at just about everyone the same way. He tilted his head in my direction but didn’t speak as he passed by, a woman at his side.

I watched as he let his hand rest at the lower part of her back, but his profile was still a hard mask. The woman, on the other hand, seemed to gaze up at him with stars in her eyes. She said something and giggled, loudly. I briefly wondered if she was the woman his mother had alluded to him falling for on Family Day. For his part, Aaron’s face tightened. He leaned down, saying something only low enough for the long-haired brunette to hear and immediately her disposition changed. Her giggling ceased and she stood erect as they passed through the doors. I wasn’t even going to try and figure out what that was all about. I almost felt sorry for the woman. Aaron wasn’t my particular idea of a fun date. His brother, on the other hand–

I wouldn’t let myself even go there. I had a job to do and then I could go home and feel sorry for myself.

I smoothed down the edges of my plain black dress, which stopped just above my knees, and focused on welcoming the incoming guests. Once it reached seven o’clock, I went inside to make sure all the guests were seated and preparing for the food to be served. During the dinner, there were a series of speakers from the law firm who discussed the early days of the firm, and the good work the firm had been doing not only for its clients but in the communities of Williamsport. It all sounded like a bunch of upper echelon guys congratulating themselves for doling out pennies to those who were less off. Either that or I was just feeling skeptical and bitter once I heard Gabriel discussing the great pro bono work he’d done during his tenure at the firm. I rolled my eyes and went to make my way to the restroom. I did not need to be present for that part of the evening.

I exited the banquet hall, but not before telling Natoi where I was going and informing her that I had my walkie-talkie if she needed me for anything. I walked down the long hall, my heels clacking against the granite floors of the hotel. I took longer than I needed in the restroom, taking in a few deep breaths and waiting long enough until I was sure Gabriel’s speech was over. The sound of his voice made me want to vomit all over his expensive tuxedo. I was even more determined to meet with the attorney I had scheduled an appointment with the following week. I was tired of Gabriel holding Diego over me and his attempts to control my life.

“Ah, there you are, mi corazón.”

My face immediately morphed into a scowl. I turned to see a haughty looking Gabriel, one hand in his pocket smiling.

“You missed my speech.”

“Not all of it, unfortunately,” I retorted.

He lifted an eyebrow. “How about I give you the private version later on tonight, in my suite?”

Revulsion nearly caused me to double over. Somehow I managed to remain upright. “No, thanks.” I waved my hand in his direction.

“Easy, Michelle. You might not want to piss me off. Your job could still hang in the balance.”

I narrowed my eyes. “Gabriel, I’m sick of your threats!” I hissed at him in a whispered voice.

“What else are you sick of? Hmm. Sick of taking care of our son? Is the stress of motherhood getting to you the same way it obviously got to your mother? The apple doesn’t fall too far from the tree, does it? And we both know, no judge in their right mind would grant anyone like you full custody, over me.”

“And what would Marcia think of all of this?”

“My wife does what I tell her to do,” he growled. “Just like you! You don’t like it? I don’t give a shit.”

“I fucking hate you!” I had never regretted meeting him more than I did in that moment. I moved to go around him and stopped short when I saw the man who stood only a few feet behind Gabriel. “Aaron,” his name fell from my lips on a surprised gasp.

“Mr. Townsend,” Gabriel stated from behind me.

Aaron didn’t respond to either of us. He simply glared at me before his eyes slowly moved over my shoulder to Gabriel. Had he overheard our entire conversation? What was he thinking? Would he go back and tell Carter what he’d heard? The questions in my mind continued but it was obvious Aaron Townsend wasn’t about to answer any of them.

He simply stepped to the side, giving me room to pass, nodding his head slightly and saying, “Michelle.”

It was his way of dismissing me, and I gladly obliged. I absolutely was in no mood to be in either man’s presence. I was sure whatever Aaron had heard wouldn’t endear him to me any further. The last time he’d caught me in a rather awkward position while I was working an event, he’d tried to have me fired. Now, I didn’t have Carter to stand up to him in my defense. My life was obviously a mess. All due to my poor decisions. I couldn’t wait until this damn banquet ended so I could get the hell out of there and lick my wounds in peace.



****

Carter

I pulled my phone out of my pocket again, checking to see if I had any missed messages from Andy. I’d called him three days prior after Diego’s visit to look up whatever information he could find Gabriel Garcia. I needed to get all of my facts lined up before I confronted either Michelle or this Gabriel.

“Fuck!” I swore at seeing a blank screen yet again. Just as I was pushing my phone back in my pocket, it began buzzing. I looked at the name of the caller and frowned. “Aaron?”

“I need to talk to you.”

That was Aaron. Straight to the point. No time for niceties or pleasantries. But then again, at that moment, neither did I.

“About what?”

“Michelle.”

My grip on the phone tightened.

“What about Michelle?” My voice was dangerously low.

“I was at a banquet dinner for Williams & Brodsky.”

“The law firm?”

“Yeah, Townsend does some business with them. Her company was hired to do the event.”

I nodded, listening, and the more he talked the more my anger grew. Apparently, he’d walked in on a private conversation between Michelle and one of the partners at the law firm.

“What was the name of this guy?”

“Garcia. Gabriel Garcia.”

Recognition of the name filled my memory. Aaron hadn’t overheard everything that’d transpired between Michelle but he’d heard enough to know Garcia was threatening her.

“Thought you’d want to handle it.”

My brother knew me so well. I even heard the menace in his own voice. Aaron might be a prick, but as I’d told Michelle, his loyalty knew no bounds. He was just as ruthless at protecting those in his inner-circle as he was in business.

“I need you to do me a favor.”

I heard him sigh on the other end right before he said, “Tell me.”

I gave Aaron instructions on who I needed him to contact. Since Andy was taking too long to come through, I’d have Aaron use the high-class, private security firm that guarded the Townsend empire. They could get information on just about anyone in the world, overnight. I almost kicked my own ass for not choosing this route first.

“I’ll be by in a little bit,” I told Aaron before ending the phone call.

“Captain, I need to leave early,” I stated at the same time I tapped on the Captain’s door to his office.

His dark head popped up from the paperwork in front of him and he frowned at me. “You’ve got three more hours on your shift, Townsend. Sean’s out for the day so I’m already a man down for this shift. The hell you need to leave early for?”

“It’s personal.” I crossed my arms over my chest.

He shook his head firmly. “No can do–” He stopped, eyes rolling upward just as the bell rang and a call came in on the station’s loudspeakers. “See, we gotta go,” he stated firmly, standing.

I wasn’t about to argue. Instead, I pushed aside my displeasure of having to wait until later that day or that night to meet up with Aaron and our security firm. As much as I needed to find out what was going on with Michelle and this Gabriel Garcia, it would have to wait.



****

I’ve got a bad feeling about this one. Those were my thoughts as soon as our rig pulled up in front of the row home. The third home in was on fire and that presented the risk of engulfing the surrounding homes. Rescue Four was the first on the scene.

“Anyone inside?” Captain Waverly asked the police officers who’d arrived first at the scene.

“Got an anonymous tip that said there was a woman and two kids inside.”

A boulder felt like it’d settled in my stomach. I made eye contact with Don, who was now scowling having overheard the officer’s words.

“A fucking tip?” Don questioned.

The officer nodded. “Yeah, caller said there was a house on fire and a woman and her kids were inside, then hung up.”

This didn’t sound right at all.

“We need to get inside,” Captain stated.

By then Corey, myself, and Don were all moving to the back of the truck, picking up our gear.

“I need to remain out here to direct the next truck when it arrives,” Captain informed us, but we were already aware of that.

“We can move a line in on the front door. We’ll need to check downstairs, too. All of these homes have basements,” I stated. I glanced over my shoulder to see Corey right behind me and Don close to him. I nodded and we all lowered our masks to cover our faces and began making our way to the door. I held the nozzle of the hose in my hand and pulled it along with each step. Even though water wasn’t flowing through the hose just yet, it was still heavy.

I touched the door handle and it felt warm to the touch but not too hot. I twisted and to my surprise the door easily opened. A nagging feeling moved down my spine. One that I didn’t like.

“Stay on my ass!” I told Corey and Don behind me. Both men nodded.

We pushed through the door and the entire first floor was engulfed in thick, black smoke. It was damn near impossible to make out even a few inches in front of me, let alone a few feet. I had to resort to feeling around for the layout of the house. If this was anything like the previous fires where there were a mother and her children, they would likely be upstairs in one of the bedrooms.

“The stairs!” I yelled through my mask. I felt a tap on my shoulder, letting me know they’d heard me and were following. Using my free hand as my eyes, I felt along the wall of the living room until I reached what felt like a bannister. Moving my hand upwards and taking a step in front of me, I realized I had reached the staircase. I didn’t waste any time as I rushed up the stairs, tugging the nozzle of the firehose, hearing the loud footsteps of the two guys behind me.

“Fire department!” I yelled as we ascended. “Anybody in here! Call out!” I continued to repeat, along with Don and Corey.

We reached the top of the stairs and I turned right while I directed Corey to go left. There were closed doors in either direction. It looked like at least two bedrooms and possibly a bathroom that needed to be checked. Don made his way to the bathroom that was close to the entrance of the stairway.

“Shit!” he cursed when flames shot out of the door. “Anything that’s in there isn’t making it out,” he informed solemnly, shutting the door.

I glanced up, seeing fire blaze across the wooden beams of the house. We needed to make this quick as I didn’t know how long we had until the entire roof collapsed.

“Fire department!” I yelled again, banging on the door to my right. It was unlocked and I pushed through, glad to see flames weren’t waiting on the other side of this door. It was filled with smoke, however. I searched the room, again using my hands as guideposts.

“Rescue Four, I think I go–AHH!”

I stood. “Corey! Come in! Rescue Four to Corey!” I immediately backtracked out of the room I’d just been in to head down the hall in the opposite direction where Corey had gone. The yell he’d just let out into our intercom had made every hair on my body stand on end.

“Don! Where’s Corey?” I questioned when my hand in front of me hit Don’s shoulder.

“He entered the second room on the left. Corey!” Don called as we ran down the hallway.

We reached the door at the same time, and to my horror, I could make out Corey sprawled on the floor.

“Rescue Four to the captain. Come in! Rescue Four to Captain Waverly!” I yelled into the intercom.

“Captain Waverly to Rescue Four.”

“Cap, Corey’s hurt.” I paused, looking up and seeing where the wooden beam that now rested on top of Corey’s right leg had fallen from. “Beam fell on him.”

“Is he conscious?”

“Corey!” I yelled. “Corey?” I yelled again, wiping soot and dust from the beam off his face mask. His eyes were closed. I moved my hand lower to feel for a pulse. I sent up a quick thank you when I felt his heartbeat in his carotid artery.

“Shit! Don, we gotta get him out of here,” I yelled to Don. The flames were crackling even more and another piece of the roof fell. I dove on top of Corey to keep him covered from anymore falling debris. When I pulled back I realized what bad shape he was in. Though he was alive now, he might not make it much longer.

Don rounded Corey’s body and attempted to push the beam from off him. A painful grunt came from Corey, revealing that he was in and out of consciousness.

“You lift, while I’ll pull him out,” I instructed to Don.

He nodded and on my count he began lifting while I pulled Corey from under the beam. It felt like it took fucking forever to get it done, but somehow we managed to pull him free from the beam. That was only half of the task we had to accomplish.

“Shit!” Don growled when he looked down. “He’s bleeding all over the place. Beam must’ve been putting pressure on that wound.”

“Fuck! We gotta get the fuck outta here.” I didn’t have time to relay the message back to the captain outside. Corey’s life still hung dangerously in the balance. Somehow a portion of the beam had penetrated the fire resistant uniform he wore and ripped right through Corey’s right leg.

“I’ll grab his upper body, you grab the lower half,” I directed Don who didn’t need me to finish before he was hoisting Corey’s lower half in his arms. Carefully, but as quickly as possible, we made our way down the hallway, backtracking to the stairs. We descended the stairs with me going down backwards, keeping an eye on the flames. It felt like it took hours just for us to reach the front door.

“Medic!” I yelled at the top of my lungs once we reached the bottom stair. Seconds later, two paramedics were by our side with their gurney. Don and I raised Corey’s body onto the gurney. By then, he was moaning but his eyes were still closed. It wasn’t until the paramedics rushed off, wheeling him to the ambulance, did I look down and see both my and Don’s gear were covered in blood. We realized it at the same time, our eyes meeting one another’s in horror as the knowledge that we were soaked in Corey’s blood.

“What the hell happened?” Captain Waverly asked, looking between us.

I didn’t pay him any attention. “We gotta get to the hospital,” I stated, feeling numb. We had to find out what was going on with Corey.

“Not yet.” Captain stopped me with a hand on my chest.

I went to slap his hand away.

“Corey is being helped by the people who can help him. We have a job to do here still,” Captain’s firm voice stated, penetrating my numbness.

My eyes collided with his. I could see the tension in the tightness around his eyes. He wanted to check on Corey just as badly as I did but he was right. The house we’d just come out of was still in flames and threatened the surrounding homes. We had a job to do.

I turned back to Don, who nodded at me and was again lifting the hose, preparing to enter the house. I followed, grabbing the hose behind him. Another fire squad arrived and moved a second hose line in. Together we put out the flames. The whole time I wondered why other beams weren’t falling. If one had been weakened to the point that it’d fallen on Corey, surely more were just as weak. But the rest of the roof held firm, as we put out the fire.

Once it was put out, we had to do a quick inspection and to my surprise there was no one else in the house. It was completely empty. As we stood examining the room where Corey had been injured, I looked over at Don to see him taking pictures of both the roof and the beam on the floor with his phone.

“We gotta go,” I told him. I was anxious to get to the hospital.

“Let’s go,” He moved past me out of the room, leaving me to trail behind him.

I took one last look at the room, and that same nagging feeling that’d been riding me since we arrived at this scene continued to gnaw at my gut.





~ Chapter Twenty ~

Carter

It took too long to get the hospital. After the fire was put out, the captain insisted that we head back to the fire station. There, we met up with Eric and Sean who’d had the day off but heard through the grapevine what happened.

“Any word on his condition?” I asked as soon as I saw them when I jumped out of the rig.

Eric lowered his head and Sean shook his.

“Nothing’s been confirmed, yet. But they’re saying it doesn’t look good.”

“He’s still alive though, right?” My voice rose two octaves.

“Yes, he’s alive.”

“Get changed. Next shift is starting early. We need to get down to Central,” Eric stated.

Williamsport Central Hospital was the closest hospital that had a trauma center. In fact, Eric had been taken there the previous year when he’d been injured on one of our calls. This was feeling eerily similar to that day.

I didn’t say anything as I charged past Sean and Eric, Don following me. We tore off our fire protectant gear, grabbed our bags and keys, and were ready to leave the station in less than five minutes. Captain Waverly opted to lead us in his Williamsport Fire Department issued vehicle, sirens blazing, making a way for us to pass without having to slow for other cars or red lights. We arrived at the hospital in just under ten minutes, bursting through the doors, looking for whoever we could find to tell us what was happening.

“Captain Waverly.”

We all looked toward the female nurse who approached the captain.

“How is he?” Captain asked.

“He had to be rushed into surgery. All we know right now is that he’s hanging on.” She turned to the nurse’s station when her name was called. “I have to go, but the doctor will be out as soon as he can.”

That didn’t make me feel any better. I tightened my hands into fists, gritting my teeth. I hated this most of all. The feeling of uselessness. I couldn’t do anything for Corey. Don and I had gotten him out of there as quickly as we could but now it was up to the doctors to help him.

The captain squeezed my shoulder and said in my ear, “This isn’t your fault.”

I couldn’t even look at him to acknowledge his statement.

“I mean it, Townsend.” His voice was firmer that time around. “I don’t give a shit what order you gave Corey. This isn’t on you. You’re one of the best damn rescue guys I’ve worked with. These guys trust you with their life. And so do I.”

I clenched my jaw, remaining silent. I wasn’t in the mood for words. I was a man of action. We all were. But there was no action I could take right then. Nothing I could do to help my teammate. I had to wait. And that shit was the worst thing ever.

“Corey’s mother is arriving,” Eric announced.

We all looked up toward the door, and entering behind Sean was a petite, chestnut-colored woman who had to be Corey’s mother. Other than the height, her son had inherited his looks from her. I couldn’t look in her red-rimmed eyes for too long. The worry and fear held there reminded me of the sorrow I’d seen in too many eyes before her.

“Ms. Stephens,” Captain greeted, and then proceeded to fill her in on Corey’s condition. Ms. Stephens remained quiet after the captain finished speaking for a while. She simply nodded her head and clutched her chest, taking in everything that’d been said. After a minute or two she finally spoke.

“I was afraid something like this would happen.” All eyes shifted in her direction. “From the very first day he told me he applied to the department, this has been my fear.” She lowered her head, shaking it before lifting it back up and looking at each of us - Captain Waverly, Sean, Eric, Don, and finally, me. “Whenever I got to worrying myself too much, my son would tell me, ‘Mama, you have nothing to worry about. Those guys in my squad are the best at what they do.’ Is that true?” she questioned, gaze bouncing between all of us again.

We all remained silent until the captain finally spoke.

“Yes, ma’am, it is.”

Ms. Stephens blinked, inhaled deeply, and then sighed. “Then he will be fine.” She nodded, assuredly. Then she lifted her chin and walked toward the waiting room, commanding without words for the rest of us to follow her. It was at that moment, I realized where Corey had gotten his strength from. The toughness that made him so great at his job. Great enough to hang with all the other guys in Rescue Four.

Having nothing else to do and needing to occupy my hands with something, I went down to the hospital’s cafeteria and bought coffee for everyone. It was late and everyone was weary but we weren’t going anywhere. We all needed to be there. I wanted desperately to pull out my phone and call Michelle, especially when Angela, Eric’s wife, showed up, comforting her husband. Eric didn’t say much, he never was a big talker, but I could tell by the expression on his face what having Angela there with him meant to him.

I pulled out my phone to dial Michelle’s number but then I remembered where we stood. The fact that we hadn’t even spoken in days and the last time we did speak, she’d told me we were over. Then I remembered the reason why she ended things and the anger I’d fought so hard to suppress began bubbling up again.

Just when I thought I couldn’t keep the lid on my anger anymore, the doctor, wearing his white lab coat and blue surgical scrubs, trailed by the same nurse from earlier, pushed through the double doors of the waiting room.

“Captain Waverly?” the doctor questioned, looking around.

“I’m the captain, but this is Corey Stephens’ mother.” Captain held out his hand toward Corey’s mother who stood next to him.

“How is my son?”

The doctor’s lips formed into a thin line and I knew it wasn’t the news we’d want to hear. That was never a good sign.

“Ms. Stephens, your son had some relatively minor injuries. A minor concussion, that could’ve been more serious if it weren’t for his helmet. He also has some bruising around his lungs due to a cracked rib. Thankfully, there was no internal bleeding.”

The doctor started with the good news. But the strained lines around his eyes told me he had more.

“Unfortunately,” the doctor’s voice lowered, grimly, “the wooden beam that fell on your son did massive damage to his right leg …” He paused and cleared his throat. “We weren’t able to save it. We had to amputate.”

I reached out for Ms. Stephens, on her right side, while Captain Waverly held her on the left side. Her knees buckled and a cry wrenched from her throat.

“I’m so sorry, Ms. Stephens,” the doctor continued.

The captain and I brought Ms. Stephens to a chair and sat her down. By then she was whimpering, wiping away at the tears as they fell. The doctor gave us a last few parting words, and then said a nurse would be back in to let us know when Corey was ready for visitors.

I sat there, handing Ms. Stephens tissues and listening to her tiny cries. Suddenly, a woman burst through the doors.

“Mama!” she called, and head straight for Corey’s mother.

This was Corey’s twin sister. I’d met her on a couple of occasions when she came down to the station house for one reason or another.

“Mama, what happened?” she asked, kneeling down in front of her mother.

I stood. “Sit here,” I instructed, allowing Jocelyn to take my vacated seat. Her mother told her what the doctor had just told us and then they both held onto one another.

I ran my fingers through my hair, pacing the waiting room, in front of the window. When I turned around again, Eric was standing right there.

“His career is over.”

Eric nodded, a morose look on his face. We all knew it. I’d felt it since I discovered him laying on that floor with a beam pinning Corey down.

“It could’ve been worse,” Eric finally stated.

I blinked my eyes closed. I hated that fucking saying. Yeah, it could’ve been worse. Corey could’ve died in that fucking fire. But this? This wasn’t much better. At least, not at the moment it wasn’t. Because in a way, Corey had died. His hopes of moving up the ranks in the fire department? His dreams of one day having a son that followed in his footsteps in the ranks of the Williamsport Fire Department? His main reason for getting out of bed in the morning … to save lives? That was all over. In the blink of an eye. It was done.

I ran my hand through my hair.

“I’ve got to get out of here.”

Eric’s eyes narrowed, a worried look overcoming him. “Where’re you going?”

I didn’t respond because I didn’t have an answer. All I knew was that I couldn’t be there, right then. I was too pissed. Too angry at the entire situation. Men like Corey didn’t deserve what he’d gotten but there wasn’t a damn thing I could do to change any of it. I needed some air. I needed to breathe. So, without a word I turned and left the waiting room. Pushed through the door in a hurry to seek some type of relief.





~ Chapter Twenty-One ~

Michelle

I wasn’t alone.

That realization overcame me before I even opened my eyes. There was somebody in my bedroom with me. Slowly, I peeled one eye open and then the other, my heart beating wildly in my chest. I swore that whoever was in the room with me could hear it, would know I was awake from the thrumming sound alone.

I had to blink a few times to clear my vision and to make out his silhouette. I felt him before I could see him clearly. Perched on the side of my bed, elbows resting on his knees, as he stared out my bedroom window. He realized I was awake without me having to open my mouth or stir.

“You didn’t put the chain on the door.” His voice was heavy, thick with emotion. He turned his head to look at me and my breath was stolen by the dark look in his eyes. Even in the dimness of the room, I could see the strain around his eyes. The rigidity of his jaw.

“Carter,” I whispered.

“Diego’s not in his room.”

“Today’s my mother’s birthday. He begged to spend the night with her,” I explained.

That seemed to nullify his curiosity and he nodded.

“Carter, what’s wrong?” I could’ve asked how he go inside my apartment. I was sure I’d locked the door. I could’ve asked why he didn’t just knock. But what I really wanted to know was what was bothering him. What had put that grim look on his face.

“You left me.”

A lump formed in my throat and my heart tugged at the accusation in his tone.

“I–”

“I don’t care why.” He slowly turned fully to me. “I don’t give a shit about any of it. Your son’s father, my job, none of it. Because it won’t keep me away from you. Not anymore than it already has.”

My head was too jumbled to make sense of what he was saying. And when I felt the blanket pulled from my body and his lips crash into mine, all I could do was open up to him. I felt like he needed me more than I needed him in that moment. Something heavy was weighing on him. I moaned and parted my mouth on a gasp when he bit my lower lip. He took the opportunity to dive in and explore every inch of my mouth. He tasted everywhere he could. Our tongues lapped up one another, suckling and rolling over one another’s. It was the sweetest thing I’d tasted in over a week. But the way Carter savored me wasn’t sweet at all. It was wanton and carnal.

“Nothing,” he growled as he pulled his shirt over his head and moved, pushing me onto my back. He lowered himself in between my legs, which wrapped around him, welcoming him.

My body had a mind of its own when it came to this man.

“No one will keep me from what’s mine. What’s ours!” he insisted, grasping my face and kissing me deeply yet again. I raised my hands to his shoulders, pulling him in to let him devour me even more.

“Carter,” I whispered his name again when he finally broke free of my mouth to kiss and bite his way down my neck. My body felt alive for the first time in over a week. My nipples hardened and pressed painfully against the cotton of the T-shirt I wore. I released a hiss when I felt Carter move down and let his teeth clamp down around one distended nipple through the T-shirt.

“Off,” he growled as he sat up.

I blinked, seeing him sitting up between my legs, looking down at me expectantly. His face was hard with arousal and tension. It took me a second to realize he was waiting for me to remove the shirt.

“Now.” He could barely contain himself. I could hear him fight to maintain his control in his voice.

I grabbed the sides of the T-shirt and pulled it over my head. Before I could even release it to let it fall to the floor, Carter hooked his arms underneath my knees and pulled me to him harshly.

He didn’t say anything but his intent gaze was trained on me, as he lowered his mouth to my core and began lapping me up as if he hadn’t eaten in days. His warm tongue rolled over my clitoris and I let out a scream that vibrated around the room. Carter was ferocious in his concentration, quickly bringing me to an orgasm that I yelled my way through. Once that first climax was out of the way, I expected him to lower my legs and move over top of me, but he remained right where he was. His mouth on me again, coaching me to another orgasm.

“Carter, no! I can’t!” I panted, shaking my head against the pillow.

“You will!” he growled, voice muffled since it was still buried in my pussy.

I attempted to push at his arms to free myself from the perfect torture he was giving me, but he wasn’t having it. His tongue glided over my clitoris again and again, twirling it around and around. My eyes rolled to the back of my head and my toes curled as the pressure in my center built. I felt my inner walls flutter but I did my best to not let the orgasm crest. It was too much. He was too much.

“Stop fighting it!” he insisted.

“No!” I yelled.

“Yes!” He pressed his tongue firmly against my clit and inserted a finger into my core, angling it to press again my G-spot.

I was done after that. I grunted and moaned, head thrashed against the pillow, thighs tightening around his head as wave after wave moved through my body. Only as the aftershocks of my second orgasm flowed through me, did he finally lower my legs and move between them. I watched with eyes halfway closed as he undid his belt and pants, lowering them to allow his massive erection to spring out. I moaned at the sight of the thick, veiny member that resided between his legs.

“The first time I saw you,” he began talking at the same time he started easing himself inside me, “in that car, scared and trapped, I knew you were mine to protect.”

He lowered his body to me and I raised my arms, wrapping them around his neck. I was weak from my orgasms and choked up by the earnestness in his words.

“Mine to watch over. And mine to love,” he continued as he began moving inside of me.

My back arched off the bed.

“No motherfucker alive is taking you from me.”

“Carter!” I squealed when he rotated his hips, hitting that bundle of nerves inside of me again, this time with his erection.

“Understand me?”

I inhaled. He couldn’t really expect me to answer, right? I was too clouded. My head was too foggy from what he was doing to my body, to me emotionally.

“Do you understand me?” he questioned more forcefully. “You’re mine, Michelle. And I don’t let anyone fuck with what’s mine. I don’t give a shit of what history you two have!” he yelled, surging back into me.

I felt his entire body reverberating with tension. He was now pounding me into the bed. His strokes were unending. I dug my fingernails into his upper back, needing to grasp onto him. My legs wrapped around his lower back. I finally looked up to stare him in the eye. His gaze felt as if it alone could penetrate me.

“I’m yours,” I whispered.

Again his mouth came crashing down on mine and his hand moved down my belly until his thumb found my swollen button. He rocked his hips into me, his thumb massaging me and his tongue again exploring my mouth. I pulled him in tighter as the fluttering in my inner walls began again. I had to break free of the kiss to throw my head back when my third and most powerful climax hit me. Through my own gasps of pleasure and grunting, I heard Carter’s groans. I felt him swell and eventually release inside of me. We came together.



****

Carter

“Tell me about him,” I insisted, as Michelle’s head laid on my chest, our bodies sweaty, breathing just barely returning to normal. I slowly stroked her hair, letting it glide over my fingers as I waited for her response.

She remained quiet for a moment. I was just about to sit up and demand she tell me when her head lifted and she looked up at me.

“Gabriel. You want to know about him?”

“He’s the son of a bitch that has you thinking you can leave me, right?”

She blinked before slowly nodding.

“Then yes.”

I watched as she bit the inside of her cheek, contemplating on how she was going to answer. Every instinct in me wanted to grab her by the shoulders and shake the words out of her. But I wouldn’t do that. I forced myself to bite my tongue, reminding myself that she needed me to be persistent but patient with her right now.

“What do you want to know?” she finally asked.

“Everything.”

Her eyelids lowered. “Okay …” She sat up and leaned over the bed, picking up the shirt she’d worn earlier and pulling it over her exposed breasts. I wanted to tell her to leave the damn shirt right where it was, but I changed my mind when I saw that it read Williamsport Fire Department just above the left breast pocket. It was one of my old T-shirts. That was the only reason I let her keep it on.

“I met him when I was nineteen, working for a catering company and going to community college part time. He was a guest at one of the fancy events the company I was working for was catering. At first, I thought the extra attention he paid me was just a figment of my imagination. He was obviously somebody important to be invited to one of these exclusive events. I was just a caterer. We were most often ignored by those types. Anyway, he ended up cornering me as I was on one of my breaks and asked me for my phone number. I knew he was older, but I didn’t care. I gave him my number and, well …” She shrugged. “We got involved soon after that. He would come to my rundown apartment at the time and pick me up in stretch limos or town cars with a driver. He treated me to some of the most exclusive restaurants in the city. It was great, but what I enjoyed most of all was the attention, you know? He was really attentive despite his busy job. I thought I’d fallen in love and that he had, too. I just knew I’d marry him one day. It wasn’t until we were together going on three years that I found out he was married. I had started working for a temp agency by then but still catered part time. One night I happened to be catering an event that he attended with his wife. I confronted him the next day and he told me that they were separated. Still, I was pissed. We’d been together for three years. He’d spent the night at my home. I’d been to his home, or so I thought. Turns out, it was a home he owned but rented out, that just happened to be vacant of tenants at the time. I told him we were done. But it was a little too late by then. I’d found out the week before that I was pregnant.” She stopped talking to gauge my reaction thus far.

“How’d he react to your pregnancy?” I questioned.

She pushed out a breath. “He insisted I have the baby. Told me abortion was against his religion.” She snorted. “Can you believe that? He’d cheated on his wife and gotten another woman pregnant but then tried to bring up his Catholic upbringing to guilt me into having his child. I never considered not having Diego. I just didn’t want any parts of his father. When I made it clear to Gabriel that I would not continue to be his mistress, that’s when he changed for the worse. I’d seen him be mean or disrespectful to others before, waitstaff or concierge, but I never thought he’d turn that same animosity on me. I was young and stupid,” she stated, shame filling her voice. “For months he would go hot and cold. Sometimes he’d try to flirt his way back into my heart, doting on Diego and trying to get me back into bed. But when he saw that wasn’t working he’d start with the threats. Telling me that Diego would be better off living with him and his wife anyway. Saying that my mother was a piss poor example of what a mother should be so how could I be one to Diego.”

My hands twisted into fists when I saw the hurt in her eyes.

“After a year and a half of this, he saw me out on a date with another man. That’s when he finally realized I was done with him. The next day I had a law clerk from his firm drop off custody papers to my door. I was floored. The lawsuit alleged that I was an unfit mother and he wanted full custody. I went to him begging him not to do this. I’d just started working at Save the Date and wasn’t making enough money to hire a decent enough lawyer to fight the case. Gabriel is one of the top attorneys at his law firm. He could easily convince any judge in the city that I was an unfit parent. I never thought he’d go that far. But apparently he didn’t even care about his wife finding out about his infidelity. When I showed up at his office, he told me that the only way he would drop the suit was if I stopped seeing the man he’d seen me out with. Told me in no uncertain terms that if I were to date anyone, he would take full custody of Diego without thinking twice about it. I knew he wasn’t bluffing, so I agreed. I hadn’t dated since then.”

“Until me.”

Her eyes slowly rose to meet mine. “Until you,” she agreed just above a whisper.

I looked to stare out the window again. “I’m going to fucking kill him.” My voice was low, deathly low and calm. I turned back to Michelle when I heard her breath hitch.

“Carter, you can’t.”

My frown deepened.

“I’m serious.”

“I am too.”

“He’s Diego’s father.”

“He forfeited that title a long time ago.”

She closed her eyes. “I went to a lawyer this week. I’m done with Gabriel’s bullying tactics. It took me too long to learn to stand up for myself to him. But when he took Diego the other week … and then he made me tell you we were through … I just. I won’t sit by and let him run my life any longer.”

I gritted my teeth and then shook my head. “It’s too late for that. You won’t spend one goddamn dime paying for a lawyer to get out from under that fucker.”

“What are you going to do?”

I slow blinked. “Probably best if you don’t know.”

“Carter.” She moved so that she was now straddling my legs.

My hands went to her hips, gripping them tightly.

“Don’t hurt him. As much as I hate Gabriel, he is Diego’s father. The lawyer thinks I have a good chance, even with …”

“Even with what?”

Her shoulders deflated. “My record.” Her eyes rose to meet mine.

My face remained placid.

“You knew?”

I cupped her face in my hands. “You think I spent this last few days radio silent for nothing? I meant what I said at your doorstep the last time I was here. I’m not letting anyone or anything in between us. Not even you. So yeah, I’ve been doing my research. You want to tell me about it?”

She sighed. “Not much to tell. I was living with my mom. She was still into the drugs. I was working but still in high school. We needed food and I couldn’t afford it. It was one of those times I’d gotten sloppy and left the money from my cashed paycheck in my room. My mom had come home before me and found the money. She used it to get high. I went to a local grocery store and tried to steal some food but got caught. The owner had a strict policy about prosecuting shoplifters. I’d just turned eighteen so it went on my adult record. I’d never been in trouble since but because I was considered an adult it was never expunged and it’s one of the things Gabriel held over me. Saying any judge would take a look at my record and side with him.”

Yeah, he’s definitely going to die painfully.

“Carter? Are you listening?”

I blinked, and looked up realizing Michelle had been talking. The rage that had moved throughout my body had drowned out everything except the ways in which I imagined I was going to take Gabriel’s life.

“I’ll handle it.”

She stared at me cautiously. “You can’t kill him. You’ll go to jail.”

I scoffed. Apparently, my woman didn’t know I was well versed in taking a person’s life and not raising a single eyebrow of suspicion. That was a secret best kept to myself.

“I won’t go to jail.”

“Please,” she begged.

That thoroughly pissed me off.

“Don’t beg me for his life.”

“I’m not begging for him. I’m asking for you. For us. I won’t let Gabriel keep us apart. I’d already made that decision when I went to the lawyer. I just needed some time.”

“No. He doesn’t get anymore of your time.”

She actually smirked, and when she did, some of the rage that had been boiling up in my chest began to cool down. When she leaned down and pressed a soft kiss to my lips, my cock twitched. My hands moved back down to her plush hips, squeezing.

“I’ll handle Gabriel from here on out.”

She pulled back and looked at me curiously. “Wha–”

I cut her off with a hard kiss before I rolled our bodies so I was now on top of her. “No, sugar. No more questions. I’ll handle him.”

“You won’t kill him?”

I closed my eyes and when I did I felt her lips on my neck.

“I won’t kill him,” I agreed. Maybe.

“Thank you,” she whispered at the same time I entered her sopping wet pussy.

I was done discussing her shithead ex. He was going to pay the consequences of his actions. For the time being, I was going to get reacquainted with the woman I’d missed so much in the time we’d spent apart.





~ Chapter Twenty-Two ~

Carter

You promised not to kill him. I had to keep reminding myself of the promise I’d made to Michelle just that morning before I finally left her apartment. Again, it’d taken every fiber of my being not to explode at hearing her beg that this jackass’ life be spared. I knew it was for Diego’s sake. She didn’t want his father killed, but my furor was close to overruling my common sense.

I stepped into the family elevator of Townsend Industries and pressed the code only known by family. Instead of rising, the elevator began descending to the basement where very few people had access. My heart rate quickened and my fingers twitched as I contemplated the way I wanted to wrap them around Gabriel’s throat.

Seconds later, the elevator stopped and the door slid open. I walked out to a pair of metal double doors. I entered another code and waited for the click to push the door open. That opened to a long hallway, at the end of which stood a lone room. The door to this room was slightly ajar.

“This is an odd location to do business, Mr. Townsend.”

My eyes narrowed.

“Only free space in the building while my office is being reconstructed due to the fire,” Aaron answered Gabriel’s inquiry.

“Oh, well, thankfully none of your employees were harmed in the fire.” Gabriel’s voice held a hint of nervousness.

He should’ve been fucking nervous. I pushed the door all the way open, coming to stand in front of it. Aaron turned his head, staring at me from behind the wooden table where he sat.

I turned my attention to the man who sat across from my brother. His dark eyes turned to me and squinted, confusion marring his face.

“This him?” I asked without removing my eyes from Gabriel.

“Yes,” Aaron’s bored response came.

I didn’t need his confirmation. I knew this was Gabriel Garcia. I’d studied image after image of him that I’d gotten from my security guys. But as soon as Aaron confirmed it was him, I was charging Gabriel.

“Wh–AHH!” he bellowed when I grabbed the back of his head and slammed his face against the table. Blood spurted from his nose.

“Carter!” I heard Aaron’s voice as it broke through my angry haze.

“What!?”

“You promised not to kill him.”

“I fucking lied!” I slammed his head again, feeling a satisfying thrill run through me at the sound of cracking bones.

“That’s enough.” Aaron tugged at my shoulder half-heartedly. I could tell he didn’t really give a shit if I killed this lowlife or not.

“I’m going to have to get someone to clean up this blood.” He shook his head, frowning. “Let’s make this quick.”

“Oww!” Gabriel howled, now from the floor, holding his face.

“You’ve got the papers?”

“You think I would’ve forgotten them?”

I sighed. “Just give me the damn papers,” I insisted.

I took the forms from Aaron’s hand and placed them on the desk before walking over to Gabriel and crouching down in front of him.

He frantically looked between myself and Aaron.

“Don’t look at him. Look at me.”

“Wh-what is th-this?”

“You like bullying people. Preying on people you perceive to be weaker than you. Especially on women.”

“N-no. Is that what Michelle told y-you? Oww!” He howled again when I stood and kicked the shit out of him. I bent low and picked him up with my hand firmly around his throat.

“Don’t say her fucking name!”

“O-okay,” he answered in between pants and gagging.

“You’re a piece of shit. You know that?”

His eyelids fluttered uncontrollably.

“Say it. Say I’m a piece of shit.” I watched as his pleading eyes moved to look at something behind me. “Don’t fucking look at him!” I insisted again, shaking him by the throat. “Say it!”

“I-I’m a p-piece of shit.”

“Good.” I loosened my grip and watched as he slid to the floor again. “Like I was saying,” I started, as I made my way back to the desk to grab the forms and pick up a pen, “you like controlling and manipulating people who have less than you. Michelle’s not the first woman you’ve scared into silence to do what you want. Your wife is also a decade younger than you. Has no family to speak of. You impregnated her when she was just sixteen years old and married her a year later. Her entire adult life has been wrapped up in being controlled by you. Of course, she would have no qualms if you brought a child by another woman home. But you’ll never get that chance. Diego is no longer yours.”

I stooped low in front of him. I watched as his eyes opened wide.

“This,” I held up the paper in front of me, “is relinquishment of parental rights. Since you’re so familiar with custody documents, I assume you know what one of these is. Sign it!” I thrust the paper and pen in his face.

His eyes ballooned again and his mouth opened and closed a few times as he stared at the form.

“I’m not fucking around, Gabriel. I promised Michelle and my brother that I wouldn’t kill you but my patience is running very thin.”

“You-you can’t do this,” he protested.

“It’s already done, you shitbag!” I bunched the collar of his shirt in my hands and pulled him so that we were nearly nose to nose. “Let me tell you a little secret the world doesn’t know about the eldest Townsend brother. Today, I save lives for a living. But before I did this, before I ever thought of training to be a Williamsport Firefighter, I took lives. I was trained by our own government’s military to be one of the best to seek out my enemy’s weak spot to assassinate him with it. Since I’m a man of my word, I won’t kill you. Not physically. But any control or power you think you have over Michelle or Diego ends today. Sign the fucking forms before I really lose it!” I growled and shoved him away from me.

Hesitantly, with a shaking hand he reached up and grabbed the form from my hand along with the pen. I watched silently, still seething, as he signed and dated the document.

“Careful not to get your blood on it,” I snarled.

I snatched the paper from him once he was finished and then moved away from him. I began walking to do the door without another word.

“Th-that was signed under d-duress you know. No judge would approve it.” He wiped blood from his nose and spat some more out on the floor.

“You think you have judges in your back pocket, Garcia? Who the hell do you think you’re fucking with?” Aaron fumed, surprising me. “You think it’s amateur fucking hour?”

I grinned at the shock written all over Gabriel’s face. He obviously wasn’t expecting that outburst from Aaron.

“What my brother means,” I began, “is no judge in this fucking city … hell, this state is going to utter a word against this signed document. And that cushy job you have down at your law firm won’t mean shit, especially since you don’t have it anymore.”

Again, Gabriel’s eyes looked as if they would pop out of his skull.

“I decided to inform the partners down at Williams & Brodsky that your being at their firm was a problem for Townsend Industries and we had no problem taking our business elsewhere if you weren’t dealt with immediately,” Aaron informed. “The board met, and as of,” he paused to look at his watch, “two hours ago you are no longer employed with the firm.”

“That’s just the beginning of your downward spiral, Garcia,” I added. “I told Michelle I wouldn’t kill you, physically. But I have every fucking intention of destroying every aspect of your world.” I pulled the door open, and two security guards, who had been waiting in the hall, walked in and made their way to Gabriel.

“These men are going to quietly escort you to your home, where your wife will be waiting with some lawyers of her own. Get him the fuck out of my sight,” I instructed the guards to do.

Gabriel was as white as ghost as he was dragged past me. And I could tell for the first time in a very long time, he had no words. Nothing to respond with.

“Fucking prick.”

I chuckled as I turned to Aaron.

“What are you laughing at?”

“That’s what I called you once to Michelle.”

My brother actually looked insulted.

“Right after you tried to have her fired.”

His usual scowl shifted to a look of contriteness but it lasted only a second before his scowl was back in place. “I thought she was just another conquest for you. A firefighter bunny or whatever the hell they’re called.”

“She was never that,” I stated sharply.

He held up his hands. “I know that now.”

I nodded.

“We make a pretty good team.”

I snorted. “When your head isn’t inserted too far up your ass.”

It was his turn to snort. “I know Mother and Father would love to see you come help run the business, especially Father,” he stated.

“I’ve already got a job.”

He shrugged. “Figured you’d say that.”

“Thanks for helping me out with this.” It would’ve taken me longer to piece together what Gabriel was doing to Michelle had Aaron not have called me with what he overheard. He never hesitated when I asked for his help in dealing with Garcia.

“He messed with a Townsend. You don’t ever have to thank me for going to bat for you.”

I grinned. This was the side of Aaron most people weren’t privy to. He was viciously loyal. Not just to the family business, but to the family. He may have had a strong distrust and even a hatred for other people, but when it came to family, he was all in, right or wrong.

“She’s going to be family soon anyway,” he stated.

A genuine smile touched my lips. “She damn sure is.”



****

Michelle

“Thanks for knocking this time.” I grinned at the tall, handsome man leaning against my door frame. He simply stared at me. Typically, I would find such staring unnerving, but I’d become used to it with Carter. He stared, drinking me in and then digesting every facet of my being.

“You should’ve put the chain on,” he stated with a serious face.

“Would that’ve stopped you from entering my apartment while I was sleeping?” I questioned, folding my arms across my chest.

A slow smile hit his mouth and I knew the answer before he spoke.

“Probably not, but it would’ve made it a little more difficult.”

Giggling, I shook my head. It’d been three days since he’d shown up out of the damn blue in the middle of the night and he still wouldn’t tell me how he so quietly entered my apartment. It both unnerved me and turned me on. My guy was a badass.

“You want to come in?” I finally asked.

“Yeah, but first …” Before I knew what was happening, a strong arm banded around my waist, pulling me into him, and his lips had captured mine. The tiny hairs of his beard tickled my chin, but when his tongue swept over mine, it was no longer a laughing matter. To say I was swept up would’ve been the understatement of the year. All the questions I wanted … no, needed to ask him fell away. And what was left was just us, two people caught up in the heat, the passion, the flame of love.

When he finally released me, we both were panting uncontrollably. My entire body felt ignited and my nipples strained painfully against the lace bra I wore. I peered up into Carter’s eyes, and the way they had darkened made my belly quiver.

“Where’s Diego?” His voice was strained from his need.

“My mom’s.”

He nodded and moved through the door, forcing me to back up to let him in. Without looking behind him he closed the door and locked it before taking my hand and pulling me toward the couch in my living room.

“You want to know what happened with Gabriel,” he stated, not a question.

I closed my eyes and inhaled. I didn’t want to know anything about Gabriel but I did need answers.

“Yes.”

I opened my eyes to see Carter giving me a hard look.

“He’s gone.”

I inhaled sharply and covered my mouth.

“You promi–”

“Not dead,” he informed me as if he regretted even having to say those words. “He’s alive. But he’s out of your life for good. And Diego’s. He can’t do anything to either one of you now.”

“How did you make that happen?”

“Nope. You’re done asking questions. Come here.”

“Hey!” I screamed when he grabbed me by the waist and brought both of us down on the couch. I sighed in contentment when he nuzzled his face against my neck, the hairs of his beard now tickling me. I shivered as goosebumps raised over my arms.

He sighed into my neck and squeezed me tighter around the waist. I could almost feel his thoughts although my back was to him.

“You’re worried about Corey.”

He pushed out a warm breath. “Yeah. He’s not taking the news well.”

A shadow of guilt felt over me. Carter had told me about Corey the morning after he’d come to me in my room. I felt terrible for Corey, his family, and the entirety of Rescue Four. All of those guys were as close as any family could be. Just seeing Carter talk about Corey losing his leg and essentially his career broke my heart. I hated even more that he hadn’t been back to the hospital because he was dealing with my mess with Gabriel. It made me despise my son’s father even more.

I turned to Carter, placing an arm around his shoulder. “You need to go to the hospital.”

“I know.” He ran his hand through his hair. “Come with me.”

He wasn’t begging but the look in his eyes told me he needed someone by his side to endure this. Seeing one of his best friends and teammates in that condition couldn’t have been easy. Even for a man who’d clearly seen a lot.

I leaned down and pressed a kiss to his lips. “I’ll go wherever you want me to.”

His hand was at the back of my head in no time, pulling me to him and kissing the good sense out of me. I took it all, let him explore every part of my mouth and whatever else he wanted.

“You have no idea what you just promised,” he stated, after he broke free of the kiss.

I licked my lower lip while staring him in those eyes that held such fire behind them.

“I know exactly what I promised. I’m all yours.”

I giggled and lowered my head to his neck when I felt the bulge in his pants grow just from my words. I willingly let him push me onto my back on the couch, just as I lifted my hips, allowing him to tug at the waistband of the sweatpants I wore. When he parted my legs and moved over me, I gratefully received him when he entered me with one hard thrust of his hips. We moved together, stoking flames that neither one of us could put out. Even as we came together, the fire of our love and of our lovemaking burned brightly.





~ Chapter Twenty-Three ~

Carter

“I need to talk to you,” Don whispered low in my ear.

I looked over my right shoulder at him with furrowed brows, wondering what he needed to speak with me about. I could tell by the bleak expression on his face this wasn’t a laughing matter. Hell, no one would’ve thought anything was worth laughing about given where we were. After I’d stopped by Michelle’s to assure her that the problems with her ex were solved, I had every intention of getting back to the hospital as soon as possible. I hadn’t planned on asking her to come with me, but once she mentioned it, I knew I needed her with me, by my side. Once we arrived, just about all of our squad that wasn’t on duty was there. Captain Waverly was at the station with Sean and a few other guys, but Don, Eric, and a few other members of our squad were all in the waiting room. Some were providing comfort for Corey’s mother. Eric’s wife, Angela, had donated food from her bar for the squad and Corey’s family.

“I need to go speak with Don,” I told Michelle. I planted a kiss on her forehead and then followed Eric as we exited the waiting room behind Don. There were about five of us from Rescue Four, standing in a huddle in the hallway.

“He still refusing visitors?” Don questioned, gesturing to the closed hospital door behind him. Corey had refused to see anyone except his mother and sister since he woke up from surgery. And even they were given minimal time to visit. He wasn’t handling any of this well.

“Yeah. His mother told him we were here and he told her to tell us to take our asses home,” Eric answered.

“Not happening,” I interjected.

“Damn straight,” another member of our group stated.

“He knows. Just needs time to let it all sink in,” Don said in a very uncharacteristically mature way. “I needed to speak to you all about what happened to Corey. The fire.”

I stood up straighter, folding my arms in front of me. I knew this wasn’t going to be something I wanted to hear. I’d had a feeling since we first encountered that fucking fire that something was off about it. I hadn’t had time to speak to anyone else about it given everything that’d happened with Corey and then my needing to handle Michelle’s ex.

“It was set on purpose.”

My eyes narrowed. I’d already surmised that but I knew there had to be more.

“This conversation doesn’t go any further than Rescue Four, but one of the detectives with the brass thinks it was deliberately set to target Rescue Four.”

“The fuck?” I growled at the same time Eric cursed out loud.

Don sighed heavily, shoulders shrinking. “I went in the day after the fire, took my own pictures. Look,” he stated as he pulled his phone from his pocket. He scrolled to the phone’s image gallery and brought up the pictures he’d taken. “This is the beam that we had to pull off Corey.” He gestured to me, then ran his finger along the edge of the top of the beam. “The break looked unnatural. Didn’t look like it was caused by fire. No charred edges. See?”

I nodded, my eyes squinting. I saw it, too. A beam falling from a fire would’ve had burnt edges. I was too busy to look while we were in there, trying to free Corey, but I saw it now. “Someone fucking cut it,” I growled.

“Exactly,” Don answered. “Cut it with a hatchet or saw, just enough so that any pressure applied to it would snap the damn thing. When Corey opened that door, it was just the pressure it needed. We’re fucking lucky the entire roof didn’t cave in.”

“Someone targeting Rescue Four? That’s what the fuck you’re telling us right now?” Eric growled, sounding just as pissed as Don and I.

Don’s gaze jumped between all of us and he nodded. “I think this is connected with the other house fires, too. The ones that targeted the mothers with their children. I don’t know how. It’s just a hunch for now, but I feel it in my gut.”

Don might be a son of a bitch at times, but if he said his instincts were telling him something, I trusted that. He wouldn’t fuck around with something like this.

“You take this to the captain yet?” I asked.

“Not yet. Brass doesn’t think there’s anything to it. Says Corey just got unlucky.”

“My ass!” I growled.

“Yeah, fucking tell me about it.”

I pushed a hand through my hair. This shit was heavy. If someone was targeting our squad, then we needed to get to the bottom of it and quickly. Just then, another, even more ominous, thought came to mind.

“If whoever’s behind this is targeting Rescue Four, could they be after our families as well?”

Don’s gaze pinned me. He looked as if he’d never even thought of that question. But I had. I’d seen it before in war. One man doesn’t want to speak or tell what his squad is up to, the quickest way to get to him is through his family. Whoever was doing this, obviously had no problem taking any of us out. What’s to stop them from going after our family? Nothing.

“I’m getting Michelle out of here,” I began, not waiting for anyone’s answer. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Eric reaching for his cell phone in his pocket. No doubt calling his wife.

“Hey, we gotta go,” I told Michelle, low in her ear.

She gave me a concerned look but took my hand and followed me as we exited the waiting room.

“Diego’s with your mom, right?” I knew the answer. It was a silly question but I needed to confirm.

“Yes, why?”

“We need to go get him.”

“What? Why? It’s after ten o’clock at night. Where’re we going?” She shot off her questions rapid fire as I lead us onto the opened elevator.

“Home. We’re going home.”

It was the one place I knew I could keep them safe.



****

Michelle

“You want to tell me what this is all about now?” I questioned as I slid next to Carter while he prepared his banana French toast. I watched as his lips turned downward. I knew whatever was going on he didn’t want to share but he owed me some type of explanation. “Is it Gabriel? Is he causing problems?” I asked worriedly.

Carter turned to me and cupped my face before pressing his lips to my forehead. “I told you he was no longer an issue and I meant it.”

I blinked, nodding my head. “Okay, so what’s this all about? Why did you rush us out of the hospital last night and insist we pick up Diego from my mother’s when it was well past his bedtime?”

I could see the inner debate going on in his head. Whatever this was he didn’t want to tell me. Didn’t want me worrying about it and that scared me even more. If it wasn’t Gabriel then what was it?

“The fire,” he paused to turn the burner off and remove the pan from the stove, “the one where Corey got injured. We think it was set intentionally by someone who wanted to hurt Rescue Four.”

My eyes doubled in size and my heartbeat quickened. A lump formed in my throat, nearly making it impossible for me to speak. Somehow I managed to get out, “Someone’s after you?”

Carter’s jaw tightened. “Possibly.”

“Possibly?” I knew he was bullshitting. Trying to downplay the seriousness of what was going on.

“We don’t know anything for sure. Don’s investigating it and we’re all just taking some precautions.”

“Precautions? Like, bringing me and Diego to your home where you have state of the art security systems? You think this person might be after us, too?”

A look of pure rage crossed over Carter’s face. It was so intense that it stole my breath. The same extreme look that he had in his eyes when I told him about Gabriel was back.

“Nothing is going to happen to either one of you. I promise you that. We don’t think whoever is doing this is targeting Rescue Four’s families, but I’m not taking that chance with mine.”

My eyelids fluttered despite the gravity of the situation. Hearing him refer to us … me and Diego as his family was the soothing balm my anxiety needed. I barely had time to register it all when I felt his strong arms encase me and the tickle of his beard brush against my cheek.

“You’re both safe. Nothing will happen to either of you. I won’t allow it. I just need you here with me to make sure. To hold onto you every night. So I can tuck my little guy in his bed and read him a bedtime story before he falls asleep. I need you with me.” He pulled back, staring me in the eyes.

He hadn’t asked the question directly but I knew that’s exactly what he was doing.

“You want us to move in with you. You want this to be permanent, us here with you.”

“I’ve only been saying it since the first time I brought you here.”

I laughed. He had.

I sighed. “You sure this is what you want? Taking on a ready-made family? Diego and I are a pack–” My little speech was cut off by his kiss. I moaned into his mouth and felt moisture pool into the lace panties I wore.

He pulled back, bringing his forehead to mine. “Decorator will be over at two o’clock.”

He grinned when my mouth popped open. “Easy, sugar. I might have to put something in that mouth of yours, you keep holding it open like that. And I still have to feed the kid his breakfast.” He winked at me and moved away.

“What if I’d had said no?”

“You wouldn’t have,” he stated with all the confidence in the damn world.

“I could’ve.” I swatted at him with a dish towel I grabbed from the sink.

“I’m very convincing when it comes to you, sugar.”

“So I’ve noticed,” I grumbled.

“Morning, Mama! Morning, Mr. Carter!” Diego’s voice startled me.

Carter turned, swooping Diego up in his arms.

“Banana French toast! Yess!” Diego yelled.

“Yup. Nice pajamas you got on there,” Carter laughed, admiring my son’s favorite firefighter pajamas. He used to love his football pajamas but much like his career choice for when he grew up, firefighting had taken its place. I looked at the two men in my life as they laughed at some inside joke between the two of them and my heart felt full. Somehow my son was getting the father he deserved and I was getting the love I deserved. How could I say no to any of that?

“Tell the decorator I’ll be ready at two,” I stated.

Carter looked from Diego to me. Brightness shone in his eyes as he took in that I’d just verbally agreed to move in with him.

“Come on, little buddy. We’ve gotta finish breakfast and get you dressed so we can be out of your mama’s hair when the decorator comes.”

“What’s a decorator?” Diego asked, giving Carter an innocent look.

“Someone who’s going to fix up your new room.”

Diego’s eyes ballooned, causing me to burst out laughing as I followed them to the table.

“I get a new room?” He looked between Carter and I once he was seated in his chair at the table.

I nodded.

“That’s right,” Carter agreed, stooping down to his side. “Your mama’s going to make our house a home while us men go out and do men stuff!” Carter grunted and began tickling Diego, causing him to fall out in a fit of giggles.

I could get used to this, I thought, as I watched and my heart expanded.





~ Chapter Twenty-Four ~

Three months later …

Carter

“Who’s up next?” Captain Waverly yelled as he stood in front of the water dunking tank. Due to all that’d happened with Corey, the annual Williamsport Fire Department picnic had to be pushed back a few weeks, since Rescue Four was hosting it. Thankfully, the fall weather had held out just long enough to give us unseasonably warm weather through most of September. I was grateful for it, because it gave Michelle time to work on planning the event with her company.

“Don looks pissed,” Michelle laughed, as she stood by my side.

“He’s about to get even more pissed.” I chuckled and rotated the nerf ball I had in my hands a few more times.

“Let’s go, Townsend, show us what you’re made of,” the captain taunted.

“We all know your aim’s shit!” Don yelled from inside the tank, goading me to hit the mark.

“Ohhh! He said a bad word!” Diego yelled and pointed from my opposite side.

“See, Donnie, just for cursing in front of the kid, you gotta go!” And with that, I aimed and fired the ball right for the target. The tank made a ding sound just before Don hit the water, splashing it everywhere. A few drops even managed to hit me as I laughed my ass off.

“Yay!” Diego cheered, clapping. I bent down to pick him up.

“You’re going to hurt yourself if you keep picking him up! I told you that,” Michelle insisted. She often scolded me for picking Diego up, saying he was too big, but I got a kick out of it and so did he, if the way he threw his arms around my neck, squeezing tightly was any indication.

“You ready to do this?” I whispered in his ear.

He pulled back, his brown eyes gleaming with excitement as he nodded.

“Okay.” I sat him down on the ground and reached into my back pocket.

“Mama, come here. Mr. Carter needs to ask you something,” Diego prodded, pulling his mother by the arm closer to us.

I grinned at the way her eyebrows dipped in confusion. I couldn’t see her eyes through the square-rimmed sunglasses she wore but I had memorized every look of hers. I knew the special way her eyes wrinkled at the corners when she was questioning what was happening without using words.

“Come here, sugar.” I took her hand from Diego’s. “The little guy and I both want to ask you something,” I stated, looking down at Diego to make sure he was included in this special moment. I raised my other hand to show her the documents I held in them. “These are forms signed by one Gabriel Garcia relinquishing any and all parental rights over Diego Garcia.”

Michelle’s mouth dropped open. I hadn’t told her about Gabriel signing these forms until now. She’d asked how I got him to leave her alone but I refused to give her all the details.

“He actually signed them?” she questioned.

“I can be very convincing. See, I was thinking we could change Diego’s last name.” I had to release her hand to switch the top document and reveal the second set of forms I had already begun filling out.

“Are those …”

“Adoption papers?”

I nodded. “I think Diego Townsend sounds a hell of a lot better than Diego Garcia, don’t you? Oh, and of course, his mama’s name needs to match. So, I was thinking, Michelle Townsend sounds better than Clarke.” I paused to pass the forms to Diego, while I pulled the ring box out of my back pocket and got down on one knee.

Michelle let out a small gasp.

“Michelle Clarke, will you do me the ho–”

“Yes!” she blurted out, falling to her knees to wrap her arms around my neck.

I pulled back to cup her face and press a kiss to her lips. It wasn’t the full on kiss I wanted to give her, but we needed more privacy than we had at the moment for that type of kiss.

“Sugar, you didn’t let me finish. Diego and I had a whole speech written out. Didn’t we?” I turned to Diego.

“Yeah, Mama!”

Michelle cupped Diego’s cheek. “You were in on this, too?”

“Yes! Mr. Carter asked my permission to marry you and be my forever daddy.”

Michelle cupped Diego’s chin with her hand. “And how do you feel about that?”

Diego’s eyes grew big and he turned to look at me, smiling so wide the gap from yet another fallen tooth was apparent. “I love him like he’s my daddy already.” He moved from Michelle and wrapped his tiny arms around my waist.

I will not cry … I will not cry … I will not … I’d hear about it for months if I broke down in front of my squad, but dammit if Diego wasn’t making it hard. I ruffled his curly hair, clearing my throat.

Thankfully, Michelle did the crying for me. She turned to me with watery eyes and said, “Thank you.”

I pulled her in again. “Thank you for filling my life up with what I never knew was missing.” I managed to get the ring out of the box and slip the twisted halo diamond ring, set in platinum, around her finger.

“This is too much!” She gasped as she finally took in the ring.

“Not enough as far as I’m concerned.”

“’Bout time someone made an honest man out of you, Townsend!”

I heard Don’s voice not too far off and I glanced up to see him dabbing at his wet hair with a towel strewn around his shoulders. I stood and helped Michelle to stand, so we could accept the congratulations from my squad members. Eric clapped me on the back while Angela pulled Michelle into a warm hug. Next was Sean, followed by the captain, and a soaking wet Don who kept his distance from Michelle with just a handshake to avoid soaking her, but did his best to drench me.

We all laughed, and I felt lighter than I ever had. Even with the shadow overhanging Rescue Four. Corey still hadn’t adjusted to his new life, even though he had been discharged from the hospital and was in a rehabilitation facility ― one of the best in the city, since an anonymous donor provided the financial means he would need to get back on his feet. And we still didn’t know who or even if there really was someone after Rescue Four. No more incidents had occurred in our day-to-day calls. Even still, I was relentless in ensuring Diego and Michelle were safe, hiring discrete security guards to keep an eye over both of them, at Diego’s school and at Michelle’s work. Neither one of them knew about that and I planned to keep it that way. Gabriel was out of the picture. He was tied up in a very messy divorce, blacklisted in the Williamsport legal world, and for all intents and purposes a non-factor, but I still kept tabs on him just to make sure. Nothing was going to touch my new family.

“Who the hell is that?”

I looked up from a giggling Michelle to where Don’s head was turned, and squinted.

“I’ll be damned,” I uttered.

Walking across the Williamsport City Park in our direction was a tall figure I was very familiar with. With his darkly bronzed skin, dark hair, and dark glasses, I couldn’t see his eyes but I was sure they held some mischief.

“’Sup boys!” he called as he moved closer.

“Emanuel? The hell are you doing way across town? Your squad’s not participating in the picnic this year,” Sean stated, slapping fives with Emanuel.

“You didn’t get the news?” he questioned, looking around. “Captain didn’t tell you?”

We all looked toward Captain Waverly who’d been too preoccupied with his date to notice Emanuel’s arrival.

“Oh, Emanuel. I thought you weren’t arriving until next week. Anyway, Rescue Four, say hello to our newest squad member, Emanuel Allende.”

“Oh my,” a woman behind me whispered.

I grinned. He still had that effect on women.

“That’s right. The brass finally decided to send a real man over to Rescue Four. Show you clowns how it’s done.”

“Fuck you, Allende!” Don yelled, causing most of us to laugh.

“Watch your mouth in front of Diego!” I told Don.

“What’s up, dare devil?” Emanuel greeted, holding out his hand to me.

My grin widened as I clasped his hand and pulled him in for an embrace. I leaned over in his ear so only he could hear me, “Suck my cock for that quip about my squad.” I pulled back. “Maybe we can make a real firefighter out of you yet, Havoc,” I finished. “Let me introduce you to my fiancée, Michelle.” I wrapped my arm around Michelle. “And this little guy …” I rested a hand on Diego’s shoulder, “is my son, Diego.”

“Pleasure to meet you, Michelle and Diego,” Emanuel greeted.

“Welcome to Rescue Four.”

I watched as Emanuel looked around, grinning at the women who’d come out for the picnic. “I think I’m going to like it over here just fine.”

I chuckled and then took Michelle into my arms as Emanuel sauntered off to meet the rest of the squad.

“Dare devil? Havoc?” Michelle inquired.

“Nicknames … from our army days together.”

She looked over her shoulder toward Emanuel and then back to me. “You two used to get in a lot of trouble together, didn’t you?”

“I’ll never tell, sugar.”

“As long as you’re not up to your old tricks.”

I shook my head. “Never. The only trouble I’m getting in these days is with you … and Diego.” I laughed as I bent down to pick Diego up on my shoulders.

“Thank you for coming to my rescue all those months ago. And everyday since,” Michelle said just above a whisper, as she stared me in the eyes. She pressed a kiss to my awaiting lips. “I love you.”

“Love you more. You’re my flame. My heart. And my love.” I kissed her again and ran my thumb along her bottom lip. Nothing else mattered but this.



The End





Looking for updates on future releases? I can be found around the web at the following locations:

FaceBook private group: Tiffany’s Passions Between the Pages

Website: TiffanyPattersonWrites.com

FaceBook Page: Author Tiffany Patterson

Email: TiffanyPattersonWrites@gmail.com





More books by Tiffany Patterson



The Black Burles Series

Black Pearl

Black Dahlia

Black Butterfly



Forever Series

7 Degrees of Alpha (Collection)

Forever



Safe Space Series

Safe Space (Book 1)

Safe Space (Book 2)



Rescue Four Series

Eric’s Inferno



Non-Series Titles

This is Where I Sleep

My Storm

Something Special





