Worth Waiting For

by Delaney Diamond

Published by Astraea Press

www.astraeapress.com



This is a work of fiction. Names, places, characters, and events are fictitious in every regard. Any similarities to actual events and persons, living or dead, are purely coincidental. Any trademarks, service marks, product names, or named features are assumed to be the property of their respective owners, and are used only for reference. There is no implied endorsement if any of these terms are used. Except for review purposes, the reproduction of this book in whole or part, electronically or mechanically, constitutes a copyright violation.



WORTH WAITING FOR

Copyright © 2011 DELANEY DIAMOND

ISBN 978-1-936852-60-4

Edited by B.G. Lashbrooks

Cover Art by MTheresa Art Designs





CHAPTER ONE



The sound of thunder rumbled across the sky and the heavy downpour increased in response, severe and unyielding in the attack of everything that failed to get out of its path.

“Great.”

Julia Newman cursed herself yet again for not taking the time to empty the three-car garage of all the furniture and fixtures stored in it from the last house. On a day like today, when she didn’t have an umbrella, sliding into the garage would have been a welcome relief from being drenched by the torrential rain.

She hurried toward the front door of her house as quickly as her slim legs could propel her. Her favorite black purse slipped from her shoulder, and she grappled with it, trying not to drop the two paper sacks filled with groceries. Balancing one bag on her hip, she twisted her body, shoved the key in the hole, and pushed open the door. Inside, she rested the soaked bags and her purse on the table against the wall.

She stepped out of her pumps and moaned in relief, wiggling the toes on her aching feet. With her feet planted on the hardwood floor, she picked up the paper sacks and proceeded to the kitchen down the hall to the right.

She unpacked the groceries, making sure to leave out the small tray of vegetables and ranch dressing she’d picked up for dinner. Settling onto one of the stools around the island with a bottle of water from the refrigerator, she proceeded to return the ten texts sent by her subordinates in the time it took her to travel from the grocery store to home.

Checking voice messages was the next task.

“Hi, Sugar Plum, this is your Dad.” As if she wouldn’t recognize his voice. Who else would be calling her Sugar Plum? Julia smiled as she rolled her neck to ease the tense muscles. “It’s raining awful hard out there, so I’m spending the night at Martin’s after our card game. It’s too dangerous to drive in this kind of weather at night. I’ll give you a call later and let you know if my plans change. Love you.”

Maybe I’ll have a glass of wine and watch a movie, Julia thought.

With her father spending the night at his friend’s, she would have the house to herself for the first time since they moved in three months ago. After her hectic day, she welcomed the thought of relaxing in front of the fireplace and watching a movie alone.

The next message started. “Hello, Ms. Newman,” an unfamiliar male voice said. “I’m sorry I’m running late. My last appointment went longer than planned, and traffic is backed up on the highway. I’m on my way there and should arrive soon. If you prefer to wait until tomorrow, give me a call and I’ll stop by first thing in the morning before I head to any of my other jobs.” The male voice then rattled off a number.

“Dang it!”

Julia hopped from the bar stool and made a dash toward the master bedroom on the main floor. She’d forgotten someone from Mendoza Construction was coming by to give her an estimate on finishing the basement. Calling him to cancel was out of the question because she wanted the work to start in a couple of weeks. She stripped off her wet blouse and skirt and pulled on a pair of faded blue jeans and a button-down, long-sleeved green shirt.

Fortunately for her, the heavy rain, which had turned her normal thirty minute commute and Friday night stop at the grocery store into a two hour affair, had also forced him to be delayed. As always, whenever a heavy rain fell in Atlanta, accidents cropped up on the highway like weeds, and traffic slowed as rubberneckers ogled the collisions. If she hadn’t gotten familiar with taking the back roads after she purchased the house, she’d probably still be stuck on the highway instead of being at home.

Julia brushed the sides of her damp hair, patting the tightly held French roll as if it was about to slip out of place. Moments later, the doorbell rang.

At the front door, she peered through the peep hole.

“Yes?” she called cautiously.

She couldn’t see the face of the man standing outside. All she had was a distorted view of his chin and chest, and since night had fallen, she wanted to be sure it was Mr. Mendoza before she opened the door.

“Good evening. Ms. Newman? It’s Frederico Mendoza, with Mendoza Construction.”

Julia undid the lock and swung open the door.

She drew a silent, involuntary breath at his height. Behind him, big drops of rain sluiced down against the backdrop of the black sky. She stepped back to allow him space to enter.

Tall, lean, and wiry, Frederico Mendoza’s shoulders practically spanned the width of the foyer. He certainly commanded attention. She guessed his height at six-foot-two or six-foot-three, giving him a height advantage of seven or eight inches over her.

“Sorry about coming by so late. It couldn’t be avoided.”

Warm brown eyes smiled into hers, and Julia lost her voice. When she caught herself, she offered a faint smile. “No problem.”

It wasn’t often Julia found herself robbed of speech. In her position as principal at her firm, she long ago learned to speak up in a room full of men. It was unsettling to have this man render her speechless.

“It’s really bad out there,” he said.

A musky combination of rain, sweat and dirt emanated from him. Rather than being repulsed by it, she found it somewhat appealing. Her gaze fell to the tattoo of a Puerto Rican flag on his sculpted right arm, revealed because the sleeves of his blue T-shirt were cut off.

His olive skin glistened from the layer of water coating it, and his wet shirt clung to his chest, hinting at more muscles underneath. While he politely wiped his feet on the rug, she continued her shameless perusal.

He was certainly good-looking, in a rough sort of way. A real man’s man, with a rugged square jaw and big hands. His ebony hair, pulled back into a curly ponytail, had beads of water dotted throughout, as if someone had glued tiny diamonds to random strands.

Without warning, he lifted his gaze from the rug, and the heat of embarrassment coursed up her neck and into her cheeks.

“Um, well, thank you for coming despite the weather, Mr. Mendoza,” she said, affecting a brisk tone.

She was irritated with herself. Her breathless response made her sound like a teenage girl trying to play grown up when encountered by her crush. Time to pull herself together.

She stuck out her hand. “I’m Julia Newman.”

“Frederico Mendoza. But please, call me Freddie. Everyone else does.”

When he took her hand, the rough texture of his skin suggested years of labor and hard work. Warmth which had originally settled along her neck and face transferred to the hand he held in his. Little sparks scurried toward her shoulder, setting off alarm bells that she was way too attracted to this man.

With an abrupt tug, she severed contact and freed herself from the invasive warmth activated by the innocuous touch. “If you’re ready, I’ll take you downstairs and show you the basement.”

Freddie nodded. His inviting, sensuous lips turned up in a smile. Julia moved to the basement door, determined to ignore the fluttering in her stomach.

Perturbed by her silly response to a complete stranger, her hand gripped the handrail on the way down the staircase. She shoved aside her feelings. She hadn’t been attracted to a man in a long time, and in walks a tall, strapping, blue collar type. It was the uniqueness of it all. That must be it.

She didn’t want to be bothered with men, choosing instead to concentrate on her career. Once she had been foolish, had placed her dreams on hold in exchange for being supportive of the man in her life and the certainty of a future together—which hadn’t been certain at all.

She brushed off her instant attraction for Mr. Mendoza and saw it for what it was: an abnormal occurrence best ignored. At this point in her life, she was happy. Men brought nothing but complications, and she didn’t have time for complications.



****



Freddie Mendoza followed the attractive black woman down the steep staircase into the heart of her basement. He had been working all day, and he smelled like it. Considering how dirty and unkempt he looked, it was a wonder she had even let him in.

The handshake had unsettled him. She had shaken his hand with a firm, confident pumping motion, yet incongruously, her skin was soft and her fingers delicate to the touch.

He tended to like his women with more meat on their bones, but something about her captured and held his attention. Maybe it was those dark brown eyes of hers, set in a vibrant face the color of an unshelled walnut. A man could lose himself in those eyes. He’d noticed them the minute he stepped through the door, framed by thick lashes that looked like they’d been brushed with charcoal, right under perfectly arched brows. Or maybe it was her immaculate coiffed hair, black except for the auburn highlights illuminated by the overhead light and pulled back from her heart-shaped face in a tight, neat style.

He studied her clothing. Her plain-looking shirt, buttoned to the collar, was tucked into the waistband of a pair of jeans painted on her small body. From his vantage point behind her, he had a good view of surprisingly shapely hips and thighs on such a slim woman.

He smiled to himself. She was definitely easy on the eyes.



****



“This is the space,” Julia said.

They walked through the unfinished area, and she pointed out where she wanted to have the various rooms. Her vision included the creation of an office suite and kitchenette. One of the rooms could become a movie room with a large screen and surround sound, perfect for when her nieces and nephews spent the night or weekend.

Using a laser tool, Freddie took measurements and wrote everything down on a notepad. Periodically, he asked questions to be sure he understood her needs.

“What kind of work do you do?” he asked at one point.

“I’m a venture capitalist.”

He glanced over his shoulder at her with a quizzical expression. “I’ve heard of that, but what exactly do you guys do? You invest in businesses, right?”

“Yes, but not just any businesses,” Julia replied. “We invest in businesses with a potential to make a lot of money in a short amount of time. My firm concentrates on technology companies. Investors are taking a huge risk, and they expect a huge reward in return.”

Freddie nodded as he scribbled on his pad. His movements caused the muscles in his arms to bunch as he wrote, and Julia was overtaken by the insane impulse to smooth the tips of her fingers along the flexed tissue to see if it was as firm to the touch as it appeared. She wished now she hadn’t worn the long-sleeved shirt. She felt rather warm.

When he finished, they migrated back over to the staircase.

“Well?” Julia asked. “How long do you think this will take?”

“I should have the entire basement done for you in about six weeks.” He looked down at his notepad and wrote something, then looked up at her again. “When would you like to get started?”

His arresting dark gaze sent a tingle down the length of her spine. Goodness, she needed to get out more.

“I’d like to get started in about two weeks.”

Freddie nodded. “No problem. I’ll work up an estimate and email the entire package with sketches on Monday. You can put your email address right here.”

He moved closer, and Julia took the notepad. His scent—the scent of a man who had worked all day—crowded out her ability to think. Focusing proved difficult, and she almost forgot her email address.

“There,” she said, giving him the notepad once her memory returned. It was time to get him out of the house.

He looked at what she wrote. “Great. That’s all I need for now.”

Julia led him back up the stairs to the first floor.

At the door, he turned to her. “I’ll be in touch next week, Ms. Newman,” he promised, offering her another one of his warm smiles.

“Please, call me Julia.” Calling her by her last name seemed way too formal, and since he would be in and out of her home for at least six weeks, they could be on friendlier terms.

“All right…Julia.” It was the first time she’d notice any semblance of an accent. He made the “i” in her name sound more like an “ee” sound. In fact, her entire name sounded like music when he said it. It was different. She liked it. Too much.

Julia didn’t respond, choosing instead to close the door swiftly behind him once he stepped back out into the rain-filled night. She stood there for a moment with her hand on the doorknob after he left, trying to understand why her pulse was racing.



****



Freddie bobbed his head to the sound of the reggaeton CD blaring through the speakers of his charcoal gray pickup. For some reason his thoughts continued to drift back to Julia Newman.

She was attractive but not in an overt way. She wasn’t the kind of woman who would turn heads in a crowd, but she couldn’t be overlooked, either. Despite the hard as nails exterior, he couldn’t help feeling as if she needed protecting. It was odd, but that was his first impression of her.

Then his hormones took over. She may not be his type, but that didn’t prevent his imagination from running rampant with thoughts he shouldn’t have about a future client. He didn’t doubt her attraction to him, too. He caught her staring in the foyer.

Successful, independent women like Julia Newman often had a thing for men like him, which was the problem. It was only “a thing.” That’s why he didn’t date her type anymore. They liked the thrill of dating a blue collar man but when it came time for the friends and family introductions, they couldn’t go through with it.

He wouldn’t be going down that road again. He had more important things to worry about, like expanding his business.

Freddie cranked up the music even louder to drown out his thoughts.





CHAPTER TWO



The following morning Julia took advantage of the opportunity to sleep in. She didn’t get up until seven o’clock—a full two hours later than her weekday schedule—and entered the gym on the first floor. Almost one hour into her workout, she heard the front door open.

“Dad, is that you?”

“Yes, it’s me, Sugar Plum,” her father called back. “I brought some breakfast, if you’re hungry.”

Julia grimaced, her legs moving swiftly on the treadmill incline. It would be something she didn’t want to eat, but to avoid hurting her father’s feelings, she would nibble at the hash browns or whatever he’d picked up at a fast food restaurant along the way. He was looking out for her welfare, and it was hard getting him to understand she had given up fried foods.

After her morning routine, Julia joined her father in the large, sunny kitchen. It was her favorite part of the house and where she spent a lot of time. A bay window took up most of one wall, and she loved how plenty of sunlight entered through the two large windows over the sink. A breakfast table that seated three sat in front of the bay window.

Before moving in, she’d had the old cabinets replaced with white ones with nickel-colored knobs and placed small blue and green glass tiles on the backsplash to add a punch of color.

Her father sat at the island on one of the four stools with his glasses perched on his nose. The pen in his hand hovered over the newspaper. As she suspected, he had stopped at a fast food restaurant. She saw an Egg McMuffin on the counter next to him.

“Hi, Dad.” She dropped a kiss on his weathered left cheek.

Randolph Newman had moved from New Jersey to live with Julia a few weeks before she closed on her new house. She and her siblings had been worried about him for some time, ever since their mother passed away several years ago. They had finally convinced him to move to Atlanta after a health scare had him calling them from the hospital.

Fortunately, the transition hadn’t been difficult for him. He had a few friends who lived in the area, and Julia had plenty of room in her four bedroom house to accommodate him. As the only one of her siblings who wasn’t married, she became the default choice for housing their father.

“Morning,” he mumbled, engrossed in the paper. She wondered why he even bothered to wear his glasses since he always looked over them instead of through them.

“What do you have there? The classifieds?” Julia reached for the canister of coffee. If only someone would invent a way to administer it intravenously, she wouldn’t have to bother with this morning ritual.

“Mhmm. I’m trying to see if I can find an apartment.”

Julia’s hand halted mid-scoop. “Find an apartment?” She stared at her father’s bent head. His short afro was peppered with gray hairs. “What for?”

“To move into, of course.” He looked up at her, frowning as if she overlooked the obvious.

“But why would you need an apartment? You live here with me.”

“I know. But I can’t live here forever. You’re a young woman. You need your privacy.” He lowered his head again and then circled one of the ads.

Julia grew silent. She dropped in the grounds, added water, and then turned on the coffee maker.

She’d had no idea her father intended to move out. “I don’t know why you would want to leave. There’s plenty of space for the two of us. You practically have the second floor to yourself.”

Randolph set the paper aside and took a bite of his sandwich. He chewed slowly and swallowed, watching Julia, who leaned against the edge of the counter.

“You’re thirty-five and unmarried. Do you think having your father living with you will increase your chances of getting a husband? I don’t think so.”

Julia sighed heavily. Not this conversation again. “I can’t believe you’re moving out because you think it’s going to prevent me from getting a husband. I told you already, I’m busy with work, and I don’t need a husband. I can take care of myself. This isn’t the 1940’s. Women don’t have to get married to have a secure financial future. We get that for ourselves nowadays.”

“You’re busy with work because you don’t have a husband,” Randolph said. “Once you get a man in your life, it’ll change your whole perspective.”

“Why don’t you let me worry about that?”

“You’re obviously not worried about it. Someone needs to, or you’ll end up an old maid.”

Randolph took another bite of his sandwich, oblivious to the shaft of pain slicing through Julia at his carelessly spoken words. Being thirty-five and single in a family of five children wasn’t easy—not when everyone else had a spouse and kids.

She turned her back on her father, finding relief in the comforting aroma of the percolating coffee. “Marriage isn’t for everyone,” she said in a flat tone.

“Is that your way of telling me it’s not for you?” her father asked. “Because that’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard, and you’re a bright girl.”

Her father’s brutal honesty was legendary among the Newman family members. Without his wife around to tame his tongue, his frankness was downright lethal. Julia knew better than to be offended. He spoke his mind, like he always did.

She retrieved two cups from the cabinet. “All I’m saying is, you don’t have to move out in order for me to find a husband, okay?” She poured the coffee and took one cup to her father. She sat down on the stool in front of him with the other cup cradled in both hands. Fortunately, a mouthful of sandwich kept him silent a little longer. “I want you here,” she told him, looking into his eyes.

Randolph shook his head. “No can do. You need your privacy, and so do I.”

Julia’s head snapped back. “What do you need privacy for?”

“What do you mean, what do I need privacy for?” Randolph sat up straight and puffed out his chest. “I’m a man. I have needs.”

“Oh, no, don’t. I don’t want to hear this.”

“I’m in my sixties. I’m not dead.”

Julia lifted her hand, palm out, to halt further discussion on the topic. “Got it. Got it.” Few children would be comfortable having this type of conversation with a parent, and she was not one of them.

“You young people think you’re the only ones who want to have sexual relations? Well, you’re not. Old folks like sex, too. It’s not like we can’t remember what it’s like, and as long as the organs still function, we want to use ’em.”

“Dad, I don’t want to know anything about your—” Julia shook her head, “—sex life.”

“I don’t see why not. How do you think the five of you came to be? There’s no stork, you know. Your mom and I had sex. Sex, Julia. It’s not a dirty word.”

Since he persisted in this line of conversation, Julia decided to put a stop to it. She leaned toward her father and looked him in the eye. “Dad,” she began in a soft voice, “if you don’t stop talking about sex, I’m going to take the rest of your Egg McMuffin, and the bag it came in, and stuff it in your mouth.”

Silence pervaded the room as they stared at each other. Long seconds passed before they both erupted into laughter.

“I can’t believe you’d threaten your old man like that,” Randolph said, laughing so hard he brushed a tear from the corner of his eye.

Julia rested her palm against her father’s leathery cheek. “You’re a horrible, horrible man,” she said with a smile, “but I don’t want you to leave. We didn’t fly you all the way down here only to force you to move out after a few months. You’re welcome to stay as long as you like.”

Randolph lifted his hand and flattened his daughter’s palm against his face. His smile drifted away. “I know, Sugar Plum, but you do need your privacy. And it breaks my heart to see you let that—”

“Don’t!” Julia pulled back, jerking away from her father. She definitely would not have that conversation with him. For some reason her family couldn’t accept she had moved on. Sure, the past hurt scarred her, but it didn’t define who she was today. It only made her stronger.

She slid off the stool and set her cup on the counter. She stared out the window down the street and watched the neighbors’ son get dragged behind his collie. It looked like the dog was taking the child for a walk instead of the other way around.

Any other time, the sight would have been enough to make her laugh. Despite cutting off her father’s words, the heart-wrenching agony of painful memories filled her chest. She swallowed the bitter taste in her mouth. Why did he have to bring up the past?

“I didn’t mean to upset you.”

She didn’t want to think about the past hurt, but her father brought the memory to the forefront. She always did her best not to think about what had happened. “You didn’t. I’m fine,” she lied.

Another child from the neighborhood ran over to pet the collie. The two children began to jump and run around, playing with the energetic dog. It hurt to think she was destined to always watch other people’s children playing and running. Never her own.

“I’m not so sure. In the three years since your breakup, I’ve never heard you mention you’re dating anyone else. I even asked Simone about it a few times, and she said there’s no one.”

Julia poured her coffee down the drain. Her sister never mentioned that he’d inquired about her love life. “You’re worried about nothing. Yes, it was hard at first. Eight years is a long time to be with someone and then find out…” Her voice faltered. She swallowed down the pain that posed a threat to her composure. “Find out he got a nineteen-year-old girl pregnant. In the future, you don’t have to grill Simone about my private life. If you have questions, I’ll tell you the truth, and the truth is I don’t have time to date.” She doubted her father believed the words any more than she did.

Work distracted her and kept the pain and disappointment at bay. On a self-imposed “sabbatical” from men, she had decided she wanted to be alone for awhile because she needed to heal. She needed to get tougher so she wouldn’t ever get hurt again like she had been in her last relationship.

No one was allowed to mention the name of her ex-fiancé. All her friends and family knew to refer to him simply as “he” or “him.” It was ridiculous to still feel so much pain but sometimes, when she was all alone, it was like a wound that wouldn’t heal, no matter how much salve was put on it.

Her father’s gravelly voice grew even rougher and lowered to a whisper. “You’re letting him win, you know.”

“I’m the winner.” Julia tore her gaze from the scene outside the window and turned to face her father. “He did me a favor. Without a relationship to distract me, I worked harder and dedicated myself to my job in a way I hadn’t before. Look at me now.” She spread her arms wide to indicate all she owned and had accomplished. “Three years later, I have everything I could ever want. I have a beautiful home, a Mercedes sitting in the driveway, and a great career. I’ll be making partner soon. Partner, Dad, at one of the top fifty venture capitalist firms in the country. That’s quite an accomplishment for a thirty-five-year-old woman. And I did it all by myself. Without a man.”

Randolph nodded. He wouldn’t look her in the eye. “I’m very proud of you,” he said. Then he picked up his paper and started looking at the classifieds again.



****



Julia fell heavily into the chair in the corner of her bedroom which served as a makeshift office. She sat there, staring blindly at the computer screen. She had work to do, but she couldn’t concentrate. The brief conversation with her father preyed on her mind.

After the humiliating end to her last relationship, she’d been so crushed and disillusioned, she’d lost interest in dating. Well, she dated, but never seriously. She was only serious about work. She held every man at arm’s length, and they knew right up front that next to her family, work was the most important thing in her life. Period.

The time and energy put into her career had paid off—unlike putting her time and energy into a dead-end relationship.

Julia turned on the computer and the screen flickered to life. She should thank her ex for helping her to focus on her career. Sure it hurt. Spending eight years with a man, only to have the relationship die because of infidelity, was a bitter pill to swallow.

Looking at it objectively, she got off lucky. What if she’d married the jerk, had kids, and ended up having her life intertwined with his, only to find out later he was a liar and a cheater?

“Calm down, Julia,” she said to herself.

He actually did her a favor. Maybe one day she would look him up and send him a thank-you card.





CHAPTER THREE



Sunday morning Julia had an epiphany as she neared the third mile on her treadmill. In all honesty, she didn’t need the office downstairs. Instead of working out of a corner of the master bedroom, she could turn one of the spare bedrooms into an office. When her nieces and nephews visited, they could continue to watch television in the great room. She could improve the sound system in there and maybe even install a screen for watching movies.

She would finish the basement, but instead of an office suite, she would turn it into an apartment for her father. That way she could keep him close, but he would have the privacy he craved and thought she needed.

Five minutes later, Julia stepped off the treadmill. It was still early, so she figured she would leave Freddie a message to call her back later to discuss the revision to her plans.

“Hello?” Freddie surprised her when he answered. Filled with the fog of early morning sleep, his voice reminded her of the comfortable warmth of a thick down blanket.

“Oh no, did I wake you?”

“Ms. Newman?” he asked in a more alert voice.

“Yes, it’s Julia,” she corrected. “I’m sorry I called so early, but I didn’t expect you to answer the phone. I was going to leave you a voicemail.”

“That’s no problem.” She heard him yawn. “How can I help you?”

She imagined lying next to him in bed. His rugged jaw shadowed with morning stubble, his bare chest just above the sheets, his curly hair free and rumpled, hanging loosely on his tan shoulders.

Taking a steadying breath, she shoved aside the image and silently chided herself for the unclean thoughts. She barely knew the man.

“I’ve changed my plans for the basement,” she said.

“Oh?”

Julia explained the changes she wanted to make.

“Shouldn’t be a problem,” Freddie said. “Even with a full kitchen, the timeline will be the same.”

“Actually, I’ll need you to speed up the renovations. My father’s birthday is in four weeks, and I want to give him the keys for his birthday. I also need this done quickly before he does something crazy like sign a lease at an apartment complex. I’ll have enough trouble as it is keeping this a surprise while at the same time trying to convince him not to sign anything.”

“Four weeks . . . will be pushing it,” Freddie said hesitantly. “I’d have to start tomorrow, and we would have to work some nights to get it all done in time.”

“Whatever it takes is fine,” Julia said, her voice brisk. “Money’s not an issue, so if you need to charge me a premium, I understand. What’s important to me is having the apartment ready in four weeks for my father. Is that doable?”

“Yes, it is.”

“Great! If you get me the estimate today, I’ll sign off on it, and you can start tomorrow.”



****



Freddie and his crew of two showed up early the next morning. He introduced the men to Julia and her father and then disappeared down the stairs. She didn’t see Freddie again until the fourth night after the renovations started. Driving up, she saw his truck parked on the side of the house with him bent over the open hood. She climbed from the car after grabbing her briefcase and bottle of Coke.

“Freddie?” She had a good view of his denim-clad bottom. Very nice.

His head popped up and he looked over his shoulder. “Hi, Julia.” Motion sensor lights illuminated the front and back of the house, but the sloped yard on the side remained dark.

“What’s wrong with your truck?”

He shook his head in frustration. “Nothing that can’t be fixed. I’ll be out of your way in no time.”

“You’re not in my way.” Julia eased toward him, the heels of her pumps sinking into the soft ground with each step.

He frowned at her, using a black flashlight to guide her steps in the grass. “Be careful. You’ll get dirty.”

Julia waved away his concern with the hand holding the soda. “Are you going to tell me what’s wrong? Do you need a lift somewhere?”

“She’s old and every now and again she acts up.”

Julia peered at the dusty interior filled with tubes, machinery, and wires. “Have you thought about investing in a new truck?”

His lips narrowed into a thin line, and she wished right away she hadn’t said the words. Only after the question left her mouth did she realize how it sounded. She could go out and buy a new car when she got tired of the old one, but not everyone had the same means. Her only excuse was that after a long day, she wasn’t thinking as clearly as she should.

He shined the light on the battery. “I’m pretty sure this is the culprit this time.” She was glad he chose to ignore her faux pas.

Gray matter clung to the battery. “Looks disgusting.” She wrinkled her nose.

“Yeah, I haven’t been very attentive. Never let your battery corrode like this, or eventually you’ll have to do what I’m about to do so you can get it going again.”

“What are you about to do?”

“Clean off this ‘disgusting’ stuff.” He pulled a wrench from the open toolbox next to him.

With the light in one hand, he reached toward the battery with the other that held the wrench.

“If it’ll make things easier, I can hold the light for you.” Even though she was tired, she couldn’t imagine leaving him out here, struggling to do a two-handed job with one hand. She placed her briefcase and bottle in the grass. When his gaze swung toward her, his frowning face prompted her to ask, “What’s wrong?”

“You don’t have to do that.”

“You’re not used to people being nice?” One of her brows hitched upward.

“It’s not…” She continued to stare, forcing him to finish the thought. “I want you to be careful. I wouldn’t want you to chip a nail. I’m sure you spent a lot of money to have them done.”

His words sounded more like an accusation than a statement. Maybe she deserved it after her thoughtless comment, but manicured nails didn’t make her a prima donna.

“I did, but I’m sure it’ll be fine.” She held out her hand.

He didn’t budge. “My truck’s dirty and I don’t want you to get your expensive suit messed up.”

When he mentioned her suit, his eyes trailed down her body, and warmth suffused every inch of skin. “Why don’t you let me worry about that? All I’m doing is holding the flashlight.”

Good. Her voice sounded normal, but her pulse had started racing. What was it about him? She had never even dated outside of her racial dating pool before.

With a shrug, he handed her the flashlight and turned his attention to loosening the first clamp holding the cable to the terminal.

“You’re here later than usual. Dad said you normally come by during the day to check on your workers.”

Freddie nodded. “I got a job way down east on Highway 20, and I worked down there all day. It wasn’t convenient for me to check in during the day like I have been doing. Your house is on the way home, so I thought I’d stop in tonight to see the progress. My guys are good, but I like to keep a close eye on things in the beginning.” He pulled off the cable and found the dull-looking terminal was also covered in the ashy-looking deposit.

“I appreciate you being so attentive. It’s hard to find good contractors who stick to their word and take such pride in their work.”

“I hear that a lot.” He shook his head. “The best way to grow a business is through word of mouth. I aim to please every time.”

I bet you do. “How long have you been in business?”

He looked up from working on the second terminal. “I’ve been in business for myself about ten years.” He refocused on the task. “Technically, though, I have over twenty years of experience. If you count the work I did with my father from the time I was a kid.”

When the cables on both batteries were removed, he pulled a flathead screwdriver from his tool belt and began to scrape off the acid build up. A tool belt. Who knew it could be so sexy? She conjured an image of him in a plaid shirt with the top buttons undone. She imagined the tanned skin of his solid chest as he walked toward her in slow motion with his tool belt slung low on his narrow hips and a hammer in his hand.

Julia lost her grip on the flashlight and it slipped from her clammy fingers. The beam of light went haywire as she tried to catch it but instead bumped it into the air and made it crash land with a thud onto the bumper of the truck. Freddie’s startled gaze was the last thing she saw before the flashlight hit the ground and extinguished.

“Oh, I’m so sorry!”

“It’s okay, I—” His voice broke off when their heads collided as they both reached down to fumble for the flashlight in the darkness. Freddie groaned and straightened, clutching his forehead.

“Ow!”

Julia brought her hand up to her temple, but the sudden movement and the blow caused her to teeter backwards. Her arms flailed wildly right before she lost her balance and landed on her butt in the grass. Stunned, she sat there for a moment, staring up at him.

“Are you all right?”

The alarm in his voice coupled with the embarrassment of her fall made the whole situation seem unreal—and absolutely hilarious. He extended a hand to her but instead of taking it, Julia broke into a fit of giggles. They came from deep down inside of her, bubbles of hysterical laughter she couldn’t stop. She wrapped her arms around her abdomen to ease her pained stomach muscles.

She finally calmed down enough to notice Freddie on one knee in front of her. She swiped tears from her lashes.

“Are you all right?” The level of concern in his voice had gone up another notch.

She tried to catch her breath. “You have no…idea how much…I needed that. I’ve had a …rotten day.”

He plopped down beside her on the grass. Sitting so close, she had a decent view of his face. He looked at her oddly, studying her.

“Glad I could help.”

A thread of electricity stretched between them and Julia lowered her gaze. The same clamminess that caused her to drop the flashlight returned to her palms.

Her reaction was completely out of character. She’d never been attracted to blue collar types. She always preferred her men to wear suits and carry a briefcase. They needed to be well-groomed with neatly trimmed short hair, and immaculate at all times. Freddie Mendoza turned that theory on its head with his ponytail, jeans that looked dirt-stained from years of use, calloused hands, and work boots.

A gurgling sound caught her attention. It was Freddie’s turn to be embarrassed. He laid a hand over his stomach.

“I haven’t eaten since lunch.”

Julia nodded. “I get like that sometimes.” She pointed to where the bottle of soda rested next to her briefcase. “Dinner.”

“Is that how you keep your girlish figure?” The teasing remark warmed her insides, and a smile of pleasure graced her lips.

“Not exactly. I didn’t feel like stopping on my way home to get something to eat, and I’m going to work on some files before I go to bed.”

“You just spent, what…twelve or thirteen hours at work, and you brought work home?”

When he said it like that, it did sound ridiculous. “There’s nothing I can do about it. I need to stay up late and finish what I couldn’t at work. Not to mention I’m officially addicted to caffeine and should probably try to wean myself off of it.”

“A bottle of soda would not be enough for me,” Freddie said with a shake of his head. “I need to eat food.” As big as he was, that came as no surprise. He held his hands about twelve inches apart. “I need a nice heaping plate of chicken or fish, rice, beans, and tostones.”

“Tostones?”

Freddie nodded. He pressed the tips of his forefinger and thumb together. “They’re sliced circles of green plantains fried, then mashed, then fried again. We eat them as a side dish, but they can also be served as an appetizer.”

“I don’t eat anything fried, but I’d love to taste the rest of the items on your imaginary plate. Do you cook a lot?”

“No. I don’t cook at all. Whenever I want a home cooked meal, I go to my sister’s house. I can barely boil water.”

Interesting. Either he didn’t have a woman in his life, or she was just as helpless in the kitchen as he was.

“You have two functioning hands. Why can’t you cook for yourself?”

“These hands are only good for manual labor.”

Julia took a good look at his large hands. She doubted that was the only thing they were good for. Before her thoughts went down the same path that had caused the mishap with the flashlight, she asked, “Ready to try again?”

“Sure.” He rose to his feet. “You don’t have a concussion, do you?”

His words pulled another laugh from her. “I’ll let you know after I see a doctor first thing in the morning. Then I’ll send you the bill.”

Taking his outstretched hand, she allowed him to draw her to her feet. Soon he located the flashlight, and they once again stood over the open hood of the truck. He worked in silence, using the screwdriver to scrape as much of the acid from the battery terminals as he could. This time she concentrated on the task instead of letting her imagination run wild.

Freddie stopped what he was doing and rested his palms on the edge of the vehicle. “That’s about as much as I can get off. Hopefully, that should do it.”

“You know, I heard once that using coke can clean the acid off a battery. Do you want to use mine to make sure you removed all of it?”

He straightened. “I thought that was dinner.”

“I have veggies in the fridge, or I could make a sandwich or something.” She lifted the bottle from the grass and handed it to him. “Here.”

“That’s really nice of you.”

“Don’t sound so surprised!”

“I didn’t mean to. You’re…not what I expected, that’s all.”

“And what did you expect?” All of sudden, his opinion mattered to her.

Freddie unscrewed the cap. “I’m not going there.”

“So it’s bad.”

“No, not really.” He poured the dark liquid over the terminals, avoiding her gaze. They both watched as it interacted with the acid, bubbling and fizzing. “You’re a professional woman, and usually women like you don’t want to get their hands dirty. Any other woman would probably have been upset about her suit getting filthy after taking a fall. She wouldn’t want to get her shiny black pumps dirty, and she definitely wouldn’t have offered up her coke.”

“What kind of women are you used to? I couldn’t leave you out here when I could help. My clothes can be cleaned, and if I find it hard to stay up later, I could always drink some coffee.”

His gaze connected with hers. “Like I said, that’s really nice of you.”

The intensity of his brown eyes caused a zing to pass through her. There was no mistaking it this time. Freddie made her feel things she hadn’t felt in a while. She swallowed down the uneasiness in her gut and made a production out of smoothing non-existent wrinkles from her skirt.

The light streaming on the battery wiggled until she brought the slight tremor of her hand under control. Silence descended between them. The only sounds came from the chorus of crickets serenading them from the bushes and his movements as he used a rag to wipe clean the coke from the terminals. After the cleaning, the terminals, formerly dull gray, returned to a shiny silver color.

After Freddie finished reattaching the cables, Julia let out a relieved breath and handed him the flashlight. He appeared unruffled, while for her the last few minutes had been tension filled. Surely she couldn’t have been the only one who felt it.

Freddie slammed down the hood of the truck. “Thanks a lot for your help.”

“You’re welcome.” She picked up her briefcase and turned to go, although a part of her wanted to linger longer.

“Let me know if I need to pay the dry cleaning bill.”

His voice halted her retreat. With a furrowed brow she faced him again, and she could just make out the amused look on his face.

“I’ll do that,” she said, too soft, with a breathless quality to her voice he couldn’t have missed.

He was studying her again the same way he had earlier. Unnerved, she tightened her fingers around the handle of the briefcase and moved as quickly as her pumps could carry her up the sloped lawn. She could feel his dark gaze on her the entire time until she turned the corner and practically ran to the front door.





CHAPTER FOUR



Friday night, after a quick stop at the store to pick up groceries for dinner, Julia arrived home earlier than usual. It had been a long week.

She stripped off her pants suit and got comfortable in a pair of baggy shorts and a T-shirt from her alma mater, then set her sights on making dinner. The distant sound of a hammer could be heard downstairs.

Julia switched on the radio to her favorite jazz station and poured herself a glass of white wine. Standing before the stove, she closed her eyes briefly, savoring the sweet flavor as the liquid oozed across her palate and calmed her shredded nerves.

“Hey, how was your day?”

Julia turned away from the stove to send a smile in her father’s direction. “Long and stressful, but nothing you want to hear about.”

“Try me.”

She stirred the pot a few times before answering. “The deal I’d been working on all week—the one I told you almost fell through?”

“Mhmm.”

“I managed to save it at the last minute. I left work early. I figured I deserved it after such a stressful week.” She sprinkled salt into the pot and then covered it. “Have you been downstairs today to check things out?”

“No. I haven’t been down there since Tuesday.”

“Why don’t you go downstairs and check out the work they’re doing? Make sure they’re doing a good job for me, and give me your opinion.”

“All right, I can do that.”

This way she could find out if he liked what he saw, and if he had concerns or wanted to change anything, she could discuss it with Freddie. Her lips quirked into a smile. She enjoyed the little charade and could hardly contain her excitement about the plan she had set in motion for her father.

He still had no idea the basement would be transformed into an apartment for him, with a full kitchen instead of a kitchenette. She had also coerced him into agreeing he wouldn’t sign an apartment lease without letting her review it first. He grumbled about being in his right mind and fully capable of signing a contract on his own, but he finally agreed.

Randolph was gone for about ten minutes, and when he returned, Julia was chopping vegetables for a salad. “Well?” she prompted.

He nodded his approval. “They’re doing a real good job down there. It’s going to look nice. They have half the sheet rock up already. The Mexican fella knows what he’s doing.”

Julia sighed. “He’s not Mexican. He’s Puerto Rican.”

“Mexican, Puerto Rican, same difference.”

“No, it’s not,” Julia said in a harder tone. “How would you feel if—” She watched her father grab his keys from the key rack. “Where are you going?”

“I’m going out tonight.”

“I thought you and your friends weren’t playing poker tonight because Martin and his wife are out of town.” She couldn’t stop the disappointment that crept into her voice. She had looked forward to spending time with him.

“We’re not. I have a date.” Her father’s face lit up with a devilish grin.

“A date?”

“Yes, a date. You might have forgotten what that is,” Randolph said pointedly. “It’s when a man and a woman—“

“Dad.”

“All right, all right.” Randolph moved to stand across from her at the kitchen island. “I met her at the senior center,” he said, his eyes shining. “Real sweet gal. Her name is Irene. We started out talking on the phone and discovered we have a lot in common. We’ve met several times socially, but this is our first night time date.”

Julia was deflated. Her shoulders sagged a little. She had come home early to relax and spend time with her father, and he was about to waltz out the door to spend time with someone else. How pathetic. Her father had a more interesting Friday night planned than she did.

“Have fun,” she said, pushing aside her own dissatisfaction with the way the evening turned out.

Her father came around to kiss her on the temple. “You going to be all right with those strange men in the house?”

“I’ll be fine. Go enjoy yourself.”

Randolph practically skipped out of the kitchen. “Don’t wait up,” he sang on his way to the front door.

Julia shook her head and turned back to the stove.

At least he’s happy, she mused to herself.

In the few years since her mother’s passing, this was the first time she’d seen her father in such good spirits about a woman. Irene must be something special.



****



Freddie had spent most of the day working in the basement. After dismissing his men, he cleaned up and exited through the basement’s exterior door. He planned to leave until he saw Julia’s car parked in the driveway. He decided to touch base with her before he went home and walked to the front door and rang the doorbell.

When she answered, his eyes drank in the striking image she made. She didn’t look uptight and serious like when she wore her business attire. She still wore her hair pulled back and secured in the professional French roll, but she wore a pair of large gym shorts and a T-shirt with “University of Georgia” across the front.

Her casual clothes evoked the same urge he felt when he first met her. It was the overwhelming desire to protect her.

She looked surprised to see him standing out front. “What are you doing here? I thought all of you had left.”

“I was about to when I saw your car. I figured I’d update you on our progress.”

“Come on in.” She opened the door wider. “Walk with me to the kitchen. I have something on the stove.”

Freddie trailed behind her, lowering his gaze to the back and forth motion of her hips, which weren’t hidden well by the oversized shorts. Some women moved so sinuously it seemed effortless, the movement made even more alluring because it was unconscious.

Stepping through the door of the kitchen, the inviting smell of something simmering on the stove greeted his nose. The muted tones of a trumpet spilled from the stereo’s speakers and drifted on the air toward him. The lights were dimmed, and it seemed as if the kitchen embraced him with warm arms once he stepped onto the tile.

His earlier fatigue melted away with the unexpectedly domestic scene, replaced by comfort and relaxation.

Almost as quickly as he gave himself over to the comforting thoughts, he allowed another, disquieting one to enter. Was Julia expecting someone tonight? He knew she was home alone because her father’s car wasn’t in the driveway.

“So how is everything going?” Julia asked. “My father was pleased when he went down there earlier. I’m sorry I haven’t been more involved. Work has been keeping me extra busy lately.”

“Everything’s going well,” Freddie answered. Thoughts of another man enjoying this intimate setting with her jangled his nerves.

Since the night she assisted him with the truck, they’d had a few more conversations about her ideas and changes to the basement. Although she always appeared busy, she was never rude. She did come off as cool, maybe even a little aloof at times, but he couldn’t deny his attraction to her. Because of her steely composure, he doubted if anything could frazzle her. She was always perfectly put together in tailored business suits and not a single hair out of place, wrapped up tight and neat like a Christmas present, unable to be opened until permission granted. He often wondered what lay inside the pretty package.

She was different tonight, though. She wasn’t wearing one of her power suits or carrying a briefcase. Tonight she looked like any other woman in any other household in the country. The normalcy of it gnawed at his gut.

“You’re still on schedule?” Julia asked.

She had no clue how badly he wanted to end the conversation and bolt out of there before he did something stupid, like try to plant a kiss on those luscious-looking lips. His attraction to her had blossomed and morphed into a fixation. His teeth ached to tug on her full bottom lip.

“Yes. I’ll send the guys back out early Monday morning and stop by at the end of the day to check their progress.”

“Good. I can’t wait to see my Dad’s expression when I hand him the keys to his apartment.”

An impish grin spread over her face, a smile of pure, unselfish pleasure. Those brown eyes of hers lit up. He couldn’t look away, even though the power of her smile left him shaking in his boots.

“Well, I won’t bother you anymore. I just wanted to give you an update.” As if it were standard operating procedure to offer evening updates to all his clients. He turned to go.

“Freddie.” Her voice beckoned to him, halting his hasty retreat.

When he faced her, she looked a bit flustered, as if she’d spoken without thinking first. “Yes?”

She smoothed her hairline, though there wasn’t a hair out of place.

“Actually, I was wondering if you had dinner plans. I planned to have dinner with my father, but he surprised me and had a date. So, I have all this food . . .”

He should say no. He’d been here before and knew how this worked. At some point the thought would cross her mind that she was out of his league. He should walk out the door right now, but the sensible part of his brain was overshadowed by the part that was elated she didn’t have plans with a man tonight. The sensible part of his brain wasn’t functioning. It was seduced by the dimmed lights, soft music, and the suddenly approachable Julia Newman.

“No,” he answered, knowing full well that was the wrong answer. “I don’t have plans, and I’m starving. I’d love to join you for dinner.”





CHAPTER FIVE



Julia didn’t know what prompted her to issue the dinner invitation to Freddie. She’d held her breath as she waited for his response, wondering whether or not he would turn her down. He could have dinner plans with his sister—or some other woman. She waited, pretending it was the most natural thing in the world for a woman to ask the contractor employed to work on her basement to join her for dinner. Time stood still and stretched on for what seemed an eternity, though she knew it had only taken seconds for him to give her an answer.

Julia set the table in front of the bay window, knowing she treaded on dangerous ground. She wanted company tonight—his company. The smart thing to do would be to turn up the lights and turn off the music, but she didn’t want to.

“Can I help you with anything?” he asked.

He came to stand next to her, big and brawny in a pair of jeans and a black T-shirt. Despite his rough exterior, he exuded a gentleness and warmth that intrigued her.

She glanced up at him. “If you like, you can help yourself to something to drink. There’s beer and juice in the fridge.”

When he walked away, she closed her eyes briefly. Her earlier bravado escaped her. She was back to feeling like a nervous teenager again.

Once she finished setting the table, Freddie helped Julia bring the food over: homemade soup to start, salad, pasta, strips of grilled chicken, and a creamy alfredo sauce with fresh grated parmesan in it.

“Smells delicious,” Freddie said with a grin. He rubbed his hands together in exaggerated anticipation.

Julia laughed. “I hope it tastes as good as it smells. It’s not Puerto Rican cuisine, and there are no tost-tost—”

“Tostones.”

“Right. But I think you’ll still like it.”

Once they sat at the table, the earlier awkwardness slipped away. They conversed amicably and paid more attention to the conversation than they did to the tasty food. Over an hour passed before they were well into the main course.

“So, how often do you get back to Puerto Rico?” Julia asked between bites of chicken and pasta.

“Every year or two,” Freddie answered. “Most of my family still lives there, and it’s nice to escape every now and again to recharge. I tend to go around the holidays, when business is slow and I can spend a couple of weeks.”

“How long have you lived in the states?”

He leaned forward on his forearms. His skin was the inviting color of fresh ginger. His biceps bulged against the dark t-shirt and Julia averted her eyes before he caught her staring.

He frowned in deep thought. “Let’s see . . . we moved here when I was . . . twelve, so this year will be twenty years since we moved from Puerto Rico.”

Julia did the easy math in her head. He was three years younger than her. “So your entire family moved?”

“No. Me, my parents, and my younger brother and sister. There are eight years between me and my next oldest sibling. The older ones stayed behind.”

“How many older brothers and sisters do you have?”

Freddie smiled. “There are ten of us.”

Julia’s eyes widened. “You’re kidding!”

He shook his head. “I wish. Sometimes I felt I had seven parents instead of only two because my older brothers and sisters were so bossy. They treated us—the younger ones—like we were their kids.”

“They were looking out for you,” Julia said with a faint smile. She’d been that kind of older sibling growing up.

“Is that what it was? It was suffocating sometimes.” Freddie grimaced. “My father passed away about five years ago, and my mother moved back to Puerto Rico to live with one of my sisters. She never wanted to move here, anyway. She followed my father, who was tired of living on an island and wanted a change.” He took a sip of beer. “What about you? How many brothers and sisters do you have?”

Julia piled more salad on her plate as she spoke. “There are five of us, although growing up at times it felt like there were ten.” Freddie nodded his head in understanding. “I’m the second oldest. I have an older brother. My younger sister, Simone, lives here in Atlanta. She and I are very close. The others are scattered around the country. My mom passed away a few years ago. She had cancer.”

“So did my father.”

Julia shook her head. “With so many millions of dollars per year being spent on research, you’d think there would be a cure by now. It affects the lives of millions of people every year and there’s nothing we can do about it.”

Freddie nodded his agreement. “How did your Dad take it?” he asked. “My mom was crushed when my father died. It was like a piece of her died, too.”

“Same.”

Julia felt a bit choked. The chemotherapy ravaged her mother’s body toward the end. Her passing created a hole in the family. She had been a gentle, cheerful woman who always lent a sympathetic ear to any problems her family approached her with.

“When my father died, I wondered if my mother would want to go with him. Some people love so deeply that when their partner dies, they die not long afterward. They can’t live without their soul mate. I think that’s what happened to Johnny Cash when June Carter Cash died, you know? It’s hard when you’ve been with someone so long and love them so much, and then you have to let them go.” Julia remained silent. She didn’t want to encourage a conversation about love. To her, love was elusive. Few people ever found it, and the ones who did didn’t know how to preserve it. “Don’t you think?” Freddie asked, watching her closely.

Julia carefully set her fork in her plate. “I don’t think you want to hear my thoughts on that subject.”

He leaned back in his chair, his chocolate eyes focused on her face. “Maybe I do.”

Julia rested her elbow on the table and placed her chin on her knuckles. She raised her left brow. “Do you really want to know what I think? I think love is for Lifetime movies, romance novels, and fairy tales. Our parents were lucky, Freddie. They were fortunate enough to find people who they enjoyed spending their time with and who appreciated them in return. The truth is, most relationships are one-sided and people spend their time stumbling through life chasing a dream—a soul mate, a happily ever after, or whatever—when they could be doing something much more productive.”

He stared at her in silence, and she stared right back. “Did I hit a nerve?”

“No. You wanted to know what I thought, and I told you.” Julia rose from the chair. “Excuse me.”

She took her plate and fork with her. Food remained on her plate, but she no longer had an appetite. She should have never ventured down that road, but his comments made her hackles rise. She hated the words soul mate. They were just words people tossed around to convince themselves—and the other person—to stay the course in a relationship, even when there was a dead end in sight.

She heard Freddie’s chair scrape back. He cleared his throat. “Look, whoever the guy is who hurt you—”

Julia allowed her plate and silverware to fall with a crash into the sink. She swung to face him. “Don’t. Don’t attempt to speak about something you don’t know anything about.”

They’d been having a pleasant evening, and then he’d gone and spoiled it with his talk about love and Johnny Cash not wanting to live without June. He would only make it worse by trying to understand her personal situation, because there was nothing to understand. She didn’t need psychoanalysis from an amateur shrink who didn’t even know her at all.

His brow furrowed and a muscle twitched in his left cheek. “Maybe I overstepped my bounds—”

“You did.”

“But, your ideas about love and relationships are sad for a woman your age.”

She didn’t want his pity. “Don’t feel sorry for me. You should feel sorry for all the sappy women out there chasing the dream.”

He shook his head. “You’re so jaded. For the record, not every man is no-good.”

“Oh, really?” Julia said slowly, placing a hand on her hip. “Let me guess, you’re one of the good ones?”

“As a matter of fact, I am,” Freddie said deliberately between clenched teeth. Her question obviously upset him and he struggled to maintain his control.

Julia took a few steps toward him, both hands on her hips. She glared up at him. “Let me enlighten you, Freddie. If you’re one of the good ones, you don’t have much company. Statistics suggest 60 percent of men cheat on their spouses. You want to know my opinion? I think the numbers are greater because those only happen to be the ones who’ve admitted it.”

“How could someone who had a good example of a happy and successful marriage be so cynical?”

“Because I deal with cold, hard facts. Numbers don’t lie. They’re absolute. Our parents were the exception to the rule—not the norm.”

“It cuts both ways, Julia. Women can land a blow just as lethal as any man.”

She saw for one fleeting second an indescribable emotion flash in his brown eyes, reflecting whatever relationship pain he’d suffered through. An incident in his past had affected him, and she felt a subtle connection manifest between them. Like her, he knew what it was like to hurt. Unlike her, he seemed to have recovered enough to be optimistic.

Some of Julia’s cocky assurance drained away. She lowered her hands from her hips. “I won’t argue with you on that point. We both know there are no-good women out there, and we’ll leave it at that.”

He nodded once. After a few seconds of silence, he said, “Thank you for dinner.”

Julia glanced at his plate on the table, which still had food on it. “Gosh, I’m sorry. I guess it didn’t end quite the way you would have expected.”

“Not exactly, but I have a full stomach, so I’m good.” He flashed a grin, and in that instant, the last of her anger dissipated.

The strains of an instrumental piece settled over the room, a soothing contrast to their disquieting dispute moments before. The air crackled between them. Tension mounted, and she froze in place.

Freddie lowered his lids and zeroed in on her mouth. “When was the last time you were kissed, Julia?”

The sexy way he pronounced her name caught her attention again. Julia remained immobilized, aware of what was about to take place and unable and unwilling to stop it. His words were more of an invitation than a question. She could hardly breathe. Her heart hammered mercilessly in her chest, anticipation running rampant through her body.

“It’s been awhile,” she said softly, her voice trembling. She’d sealed her fate.

In slow motion, his head lowered to hers and closed the distance between them, and he gently kissed her lips, as if testing the waters. The kiss was unhurried, exploratory. He savored her mouth and its fullness. She kissed him back. She couldn’t help it. When he felt her yield to him, he reached up and wrapped a lightly calloused hand around the back of her neck.

His mouth pressed harder against hers, deepening the kiss. She trembled, opening her mouth wider to accommodate the entrance of his soft, wet tongue.

Freddie pressed her backward, trapping her between the sink and his hard body. There was no option to get away—not that she wanted to. His right arm slipped around her waist and Julia melted into him, moaning softly as his tongue continued to probe her mouth.

Something inside her shifted, opened up to the pleasure he offered. Awash in sensations that drowned out all logical behavior, Julia clung to his neck, pressing her body against his hard length to savor every firm inch of him. She didn’t want the kiss to end. She was engulfed by pleasure which had slept for so long she’d forgotten what it felt like.

It was more than that. She’d never felt this type of intensity before. She’d never felt as if she were submerged beneath a whirlpool of emotion. His lips stroked across hers in such a way, it was as if he knew her and everything secret she’d tried to hide. She felt invigorated and more alive than she had in months—years, even.

When he drew back, she whimpered like a needy pup, shamelessly pressing her body against his. She wanted—needed this closeness and intimacy he offered. In an instant, his hands slid to her bare thighs and lifted her off the floor as if she weighed little more than a feather.

He placed her onto the cool marble of the island and cupped her face, his touch gentle as if he handled a delicate flower. She did feel delicate, staring into his dark eyes, feeling the harsh breath of his own labored breathing.

With a groan he crushed her to him, kissing her with more passion and fervor than before. He tugged her lower lip, drawing a whimper from her throat at the pressure of the pleasure-pain. He quieted her with the stroke of his tongue across the sensitive flesh before moving his lips to travel across her cheek and down to her jaw line. Her head fell back, offering her neck to the tender passion of his mouth.

Of their own volition, her hands reached up to his hair. She licked the side of his neck, and he groaned something incoherent as the rubber band holding his ponytail snapped. She slid her fingers through the glorious ebony curls and let them glide over her fingers like water.

His hands, rough from years of manual labor, slid behind her knees and pulled her closer to him. Julia wrapped her legs around him, sealing their bodies tightly together. One hand slipped under her t-shirt. The touch was like a brand against the skin of her back. His hand eased up toward her bra as his mouth covered hers again.

Excitement built up inside Julia. Her stomach muscles quivered in anticipation. Kisses weren’t enough. She wanted more. She was starving for affection, starving for intimacy, starving for Frederico Mendoza.

One bra snap came undone.

Yes!

Her throat tightened at the thought that his big calloused palms would soon touch her sensitive flesh. His fingers moved to pop the other hook.

He stopped.

She heard the same sound he did. The front door had opened. There was the unmistakable jingling of keys.

No, it couldn’t be.

Her father had returned home!





CHAPTER SIX



They froze, staring into each other’s eyes.

Freddie stepped back, his chest heaving, and his rugged face filled with tension. His dark hair lay loose around his shoulders.

Julia dropped onto her feet. She reached to adjust her clothes with shaking fingers, but then she realized they weren’t in disarray. Despite the intensity of what had just taken place, she was still fully dressed. But she felt naked, exposed. She found the courage to look up at him as the sound of her father’s whistling came down the hall toward them.

Freddie ran his fingers through his hair in an attempt to smooth the rumpled curls and bring himself back under control. He moved to the back of the island, and she knew why. He wanted to hide the manifestation of what their kissing and touching had done to his body.

“Hey, Sugar—” Randolph halted at the entrance to the kitchen when he saw Freddie.

“Hello, Mr. Newman.” How did he manage to sound so calm?

“Hi, Dad!”

Her voice sounded brittle and breathless. Her observant father would immediately recognize something was amiss. She could only imagine what they looked like—two adults acting like guilty children caught with their hands elbow deep in the cookie jar.

“Well . . . hello . . . Freddie.” Her father’s eyes moved from one to the other. “You’re here kinda late.”

Julia jumped in immediately with an explanation. “He joined me for dinner since you couldn’t make it.”

“Mhmm.”

Julia wondered if it was too much to ask to have the kitchen tile separate and allow her to fall into a hole to the basement below. Anything would be better than having to experience her father’s embarrassing antics, which were assuredly on their way.

“And I was just leaving,” Freddie added.

Their gazes connected. She wanted to say something to him, but what could she say with her father standing right there?

“That’s right,” Julia said in agreement. “We just finished dinner.”

Her skin tingled all over. The press of his mouth on her neck was still fresh in her mind, and she knew for certain it wouldn’t disappear any time soon.

“Thank you for dinner, Julia,” Freddie said. He moved toward the door. She couldn’t look at him right then. It would be impossible to do so and keep the longing from her face at the same time. Instead she watched her father, who watched Freddie with interest. “Good night, Mr. Newman. I’ll see you Monday when I do my inspection at the end of the day.”

After the front door closed behind Freddie, Randolph looked at Julia. “Mhmm . . .”

“What do you mean, mhmm?” Julia asked, knowing she shouldn’t have asked.

“Mhmm, something’s going on between you and that Mexican fella.”

“Dad, he’s not—”

“I mean Puerto Rican fella.”

“Nothing’s going on. You have an overactive imagination.” She wouldn’t talk to her father about what had transpired between her and Freddie. Time to change the subject. “How was your date?”

“My date was fine. We had to cut it short because Irene has an early morning tomorrow. How was yours?”

“I didn’t have a date,” Julia said in a firm tone.

“Hard to tell, with the dim lights and soft music playing . . . and what was he doing here at this hour? He’s never stayed this late before.”

“I told you, I invited him to dinner when you bailed on me.”

“Mhmm.”

“You know what, I’ve had enough of that. Go to your room.”

Randolph wagged a finger at his daughter. “I may be blind, but I can see just fine with my glasses on.” He emphasized the statement by adjusting the frames on his nose.

“Good night.”

Grumbling to himself Randolph left the kitchen.

Julia shook her head in delayed amusement. He’s so frustrating.

She stacked her dish and silverware in the dishwasher and looked over at the table. She stood, motionless, staring at Freddie’s abandoned beer bottle. She drew an uneven breath and ran the tip of her tongue across her lower lip. She could still taste him intermingled with the sharp taste of the beer. His lips had been firm, yet soft.

Even his warm touch still lingered on her skin where his big hands had spanned her waist and caressed her lower back. If her father hadn’t arrived, how far would she have let Freddie go? Farther than any other man had gotten in over a year, that’s for certain.

She touched her fingers to her still throbbing mouth. It was just a kiss, Julia. It felt like so much more, though. It felt like an explosion of the senses, rocking her normally well-ordered world. A mind-numbing, soul-searing kiss.

She glanced down at the broken rubber band on the white tile floor. She blushed at the recollection of how she’d stripped it from his hair so her eager fingers could run through his soft ebony locks.

She shook her head and heaved a heavy sigh. She’d made a mistake tonight. It wasn’t smart to get involved with someone you did business with. She hadn’t been thinking. She got caught up in the excitement of it, but she should have stopped him. The woman controlled the pace in an intimate situation. Wasn’t that what her parents had repeatedly told her and her sisters from the time they were adolescents? Now it would be awkward to have to face him on Monday because she hadn’t exhibited the willpower necessary to control the situation.

Julia got the rest of the dishes and finished packing the dishwasher. She picked up the beer bottle and the torn rubber band. Next time she would—no, there wouldn’t be a next time.

She dumped the items in the trash with a resolute thrust, turned off the music, and walked down the hallway to her bedroom.



****



Freddie slammed his closed fist against the truck’s dashboard and muttered a curse. He sped along Highway 20 heading west. Distracted by his anger, he paid little attention to the speed limit.

He lost his head back there and there was no one to blame but the guy in the cabin of his truck. He’d been the one to make the move and he shouldn’t have done it. Not once had he ever crossed the line, even when a woman made it clear she was open to his attentions. He might do some light flirting, but he never made a move on a client. It wasn’t smart. It was bad for business, and it created awkwardness in the business relationship.

The need to comfort her had overwhelmed him. He hated knowing she had given up on love. He’d wanted to show her not all men were dogs, and he’d—well, if he were honest, he simply hadn’t been able to help himself. Her lips were so inviting.

“That’s no excuse,” he said aloud.

He would have to apologize. That would be the first thing on his to-do list if he saw her on Monday.

The truck slowed to a standstill at a traffic light after he turned off at the exit that would take him home. She tasted and felt so good, though. Soft and sweet. He could have held onto her forever. She had smelled fresh and clean, too, like she’d stepped out of the shower only minutes before. His fingers tightened on the steering wheel. Thinking about her in the shower had a painful effect on his body.

A car horn blared behind him. Freddie looked up at the vehicle in the rearview mirror. He wanted to give the other driver the finger, but he was in the wrong. He sat at a green traffic light fantasizing about a woman who probably right at the same moment regretted her actions way more than he did.

Freddie hit the accelerator and ran his fingers through his loose hair in agitation, but doing so only served to remind him of the bold way she’d torn free the rubber band to run her fingers through his hair.

Monday he would apologize.

He had two days to practice looking sincere when he apologized for actions his body didn’t have the least bit of regret about.



****



Monday afternoon Julia returned home with knots in her stomach. Normally she would be at the office longer, but she told herself there was no point avoiding the conversation she needed to have. She wasn’t one to run from problems. She faced them head-on, and she would do the same with the indiscretion that took place Friday night.

Her father would be out so this was a good time to have a conversation with Freddie. As she pulled up in the driveway, his dark gray truck pulled in behind her silver Mercedes. The timing couldn’t have been better if she’d planned it.

Standing next to her car door, Julia let her eyes drink in his tall, brawny frame as he approached. He wore a plaid, short-sleeve button-down shirt and faded blue jeans. Just like in my fantasy. In his hand was the notepad he used to take notes about the progress on the job. The tool pouch on his right hip was filled with a hammer, screwdriver, and other tools. She was certain a sexier man had never walked the earth.

Schooling her features into a cool mask, Julia ignored how her heartbeat skipped when he came to a stop in front of her. Her gaze flicked momentarily to his sensual lips, which had wreaked so much havoc on her senses Friday night.

“You’re home early.” The warm timbre of his voice brushed over her and warmed her body. “We should talk about the other night.”

“Yes, we should,” Julia agreed with a nod. “Come on inside.”

When they entered the kitchen, normally a neutral part of the house, a perceptible current of tension developed between them. Julia laid her briefcase on top of the island and turned to face Freddie.

“Before you say anything,” he began, “let me apologize for the other night. What happened shouldn’t have taken place, and I regret it.”

Julia thought it odd that even though he apologized, he didn’t look a bit contrite. She smoothed her clammy palms down her straight black skirt. “Well, we were both in the wrong. There was wine, beer, music, and we just lost our heads.” She shrugged.

“Exactly.” Freddie nodded. He lifted his hand and rubbed the back of his neck. The compact muscles of his arm flexed enticingly. Julia held her breath, fighting back the memory of rubbing her palm across those same muscles. “I pride myself on being a professional at all times, and it was a gross lapse in judgment. Believe me, it won’t happen again.” He smiled.

His smile captivated her, and Julia forced a laugh to camouflage her sharp intake of breath. “Well, I think we both understand it was an unusual event. I’m so glad it’s over and we’re both clear it was a silly mistake. We can behave like two adults and not let it affect our business relationship.” She smoothed her hand across her neat French roll.

He trained his eye on the movement. “Do you ever let your hair down?” he asked out of the blue.

“What?” Her fingers froze behind her ear.

“Do you ever let your hair down and have fun?” His dark brown eyes ran down the length of her black suit, flesh-toned hose, and black pumps. He gave her the look of pity again, like he had Friday night, and she didn’t like it one bit.

“Of course I have fun,” Julia snapped. “That’s a silly question. In fact, I’m scheduled to—”

“You schedule your fun?” His eyebrows rose.

“I–well, I’m so busy,” Julia sputtered, “I have to make an effort to schedule certain activities into my week. It’s not as bad as you make it sound.”

“Uh-huh.”

“It’s not!” Julia clenched her fist. She hated being on the defensive.

“Tell me the last thing you did just for fun. Name one thing in the past month.”

Julia’s gaze found the table as she rummaged through her brain. Seconds ticked by.

“I’m ready whenever you are,” he prodded.

“Give me a minute!” She frowned at him.

He fell silent.

“There was . . .”

“Yes?”

She shot him an annoyed look. “You’re not very nice. Your charming smile is nothing but a disguise to a heartless soul.”

His eyes twinkled. “You think my smile is charming?”

Julia rolled her eyes. “Oh, for Pete’s sake, don’t take it as a compliment. It’s supposed to be an insult.”

Freddie shoved his hand into his pocket, grinning from ear to ear. “I’ll take it any way I like,” he said.

It was an innocent statement, but the moment it left his lips, she felt the shift, as they both became aware of each other. He clearly hadn’t meant for there to be any innuendo behind it, but her mind seized on the words and repeated them: I’ll take it any way I like. I’ll take it any way I like.

His voice finally filled the awkward silence stretched between them. “If you can’t think of a single thing you’ve done in the past month, then you clearly need more fun in your life.”

“I’ve done some fun things. I just can’t think of them right now.”

He raised a brow in disbelief. He held up his hand and then started ticking off his fingers. “In the last month, I went salsa dancing—which I do every Friday. If you like to dance, you should come check it out, but you’d have to take your hair down. You’d stand out like a sore thumb. I went fishing, I took my nieces and nephews to Chuck E. Cheese, I—”

“I drove down to St. Simons Island with two of my girlfriends for the weekend. It wasn’t within the last month, but it was fun.” Did she hear him correctly? Had he invited her to go dancing?

“How long ago was it?”

She felt she was on the witness stand being interrogated by a particularly surly prosecutor. “Two, three months ago,” she hedged.

He shook his head. She wouldn’t dare tell him she took her laptop, despite her friends’ insistence she leave work at home. She also couldn’t tell him she spent half her time on her laptop and phone, even foregoing one of the sight-seeing tours she’d prepaid for because she was so engrossed in the deal she was trying to close. The associates under her had been making such a mess of it she’d had to get involved.

Few people understood her life was fulfilling in other ways than theirs. Her job gave her great pleasure. Not frivolous activities like dancing and fishing. Fishing. An absolute time waster if she ever heard of one. Sit there all day and hope fish bite your bait, and then you throw them back in the water. How silly. There was nothing more fun than watching a company she recommended investing in not only turn a profit, but do so handsomely.

“Well, excuse me if I don’t have enough fun in my life—according to your standards—but I’m a busy woman doing very important things.”

“Such as?”

“You wouldn’t understand,” Julia said with a dismissive wave of her hand and turned away. Almost as quickly, she turned toward him again. All the color had drained from his face. “I didn’t mean…”

“Of course you didn’t.”

She hadn’t meant to insult him. Again. She wished she could go back in time two minutes and intercept the flippant remark.



Her cutting statement shouldn’t bother him, but it felt like a knife had been swiped across his chest. He hadn’t expected that from her. With those three words she’d destroyed the tentative truce they’d re-established.

When would he get it through his head? Women like Julia Newman didn’t date or respect common laborers. They looked for men on their same level who drove Mercedes and Range Rovers and strutted around in expensive suits and Italian leather shoes. They did not date men driving gray pickup trucks and wearing dusty boots.

“I’ll see you tomorrow,” he said between tight lips.

Instead of inspecting his workers’ progress tonight, he would inspect it tomorrow. He scraped up his notepad and turned to exit the kitchen. Loose sheets of paper slipped out and fluttered to the floor.

Cursing, he bent to pick up the scattered pages. Before he could grab them all, Julia picked up two of them close to her.

“I’ll take those.” Freddie reached for the papers, but she took a step back out of his reach.

Frowning down at the documents in her hand, she asked, “What is this?”

“Nothing.” He had no intention of letting her know he was working on a business plan to expand Mendoza Construction. In between jobs and late at night, he handwrote the narrative and scribbled calculations.

“It looks like a P&L statement. And this looks like the beginning of an executive summary.” She lifted her heart-shaped face to look at him.

His anger diminished somewhat. He couldn’t ever remember having these kinds of intense feelings for a woman before. It was a struggle to remain calm and not appear as shaken as he felt. One minute he was upset by her insensitive comment, and the next he wanted to crush her to him and finish what they started last week.

“It’s nothing to concern yourself with. It’s just something I’m working on.” His arm remained outstretched.

“Are you putting together a business plan? I could look at it for you.”

“No, thanks.” He didn’t want or need her help, and certainly not if she was looking down her cute little nose at him. “I wouldn’t want to keep you from any of those important things that take so much of your time.”

Julia winced. She deserved that. “Freddie,” she stated earnestly, “I evaluate businesses for a living. I look at the experience of their founding members, their financials, everything, and I determine if they’re worth investing in. If you’re trying to get a loan, I can make sure your business plan is so good you’ll have banks throwing money at you.”

Freddie lowered his hand and hooked his thumb in his jeans. He had to admit her offer was tempting. “How much?”

“Nothing. Give me the rest of your plan and I’ll do an evaluation.”

He hesitated. He wanted the help, but the last thing he wanted was this woman taking a look at his plans and finding he didn’t measure up. For some reason, her opinion was important to him.

“Listen, Julia—”

“Freddie, wouldn’t you rather have an honest evaluation and make sure your plan is the best it could be?”

Time ticked by as he pondered her question. She continued to stand there, looking beautiful and expectant at the same time. With reluctance, he took the sheets she held and reshuffled them into the proper order with his.

He handed her the plan. “That’s everything. Are you sure there’s nothing I can do in exchange? I could offer you a discount on the work downstairs.”

“No, it’s not necessary. You and your men have been working hard. Besides, this won’t take me long. Give me a few days and I’ll give you my recommendations.”

Freddie should be paying more attention to what she was saying, but he was riveted by the natural beauty of her brown skin in profile as she scanned the sheets. She wore very little makeup, and despite the prim and proper business suit, pearls and matching earrings, he couldn’t help but recollect last week’s kiss.

Her actions hadn’t been those of a controlled woman. She’d given herself over to the passion of the kiss, and despite his anger, he longed to sample that passion again. His eyes lowered to the upward curve of her full lips, which had been the cornerstone of each fantasy he’d had since Friday night.

Freddie cleared his throat to dispel the unsettling thoughts from resurfacing so he wouldn’t embarrass himself. “Do you need anything else from me?”

She seemed to have a hard time tearing her eyes away from the business plan. She was in full throttle business mode.

“No, nothing. I’ll get back to you soon.”

“Thanks,” he said with a curt nod.





CHAPTER SEVEN



Julia stood at the kitchen island for a moment, her mind already coming up with recommendations as she scanned the business plan. Considering he’d written it with pencil on notepad paper, it was thorough. His handwriting was neat and easy to read.

Suddenly, she had a thought. Maybe there was a way he could pay her back.

Without addressing what prompted her to do it, she half ran to the front door to catch him before he left.

“Freddie!” she called out. He had already opened the truck door.

He looked at her. He still didn’t smile. She missed it. “Did you mean what you said? You know, about going dancing?”

He frowned, the expression on his face a clear indication he didn’t remember what she was referring to. He was going to make her practically invite herself.

She found it easier to face the partners at the firm. “You said I could come dancing with you on Friday.” She took an anxious breath and held it.

He nodded. “Yeah, I meant it.”

“That’s how you can pay me back for reviewing your business plan. I would like to come. I haven’t been dancing in a long time.” She’d never been salsa dancing ever, but how hard could it be?

The smile returned, and it was as if the sun slipped from beneath the clouds on an overcast day. He had the most charming smile. “I’d love to have you come. I’ll pick you up at eleven o’clock on Friday night?”

She nodded.

Julia remained at the door looking after his retreating truck until it was out of sight.



****



The impulsive act worried her all night. Friday was four nights away, and she was already stressing about it. What would she wear? She hadn’t been on a date in so long. Well, it wasn’t a date, but she still wanted to look attractive. She wasn’t even sure she could pull it off any longer. What had she been thinking? Salsa dancing? Really?

Later she sat up in bed, the phone cradled between her cheek and shoulder, listening to the rings on the other end. Gnawing at her lower lip, she glanced at the bedside clock and then said a silent prayer her younger sister, Simone, was not yet asleep and would pick up the phone.

When Simone answered, she managed to keep the flood of relief that overtook her body from showing up in her voice. She didn’t launch into the conversation about Freddie right away. She gradually eased into it.

“Boy, I can’t believe you’re going salsa dancing.” Simone let out a long whistle. “And with a puertoriqueño at that.”

Julia rolled her eyes. Simone liked to sprinkle Spanish into her conversations because she’d taken an adult Spanish class at the neighborhood library. She actually thought it made her bilingual, and her exaggerated pronunciation was comical.

Julia brought a spoonful of chocolate ice cream to her mouth and pulled it out clean before speaking. “He’s younger than me.”

“Oh, yeah?” Simone made a noise that sounded like a growl.

“What was that supposed to be?”

“A cougar.” Simone repeated the sound.

Julia sighed. “Would you be serious for a minute? I swear, you become more and more like your father every day.”

Simone giggled. “He’s your father, too.”

“Don’t remind me.”

“Okay, I’ll be serious. How much younger is he?”

“He’s thirty-two.”

“What? Someone call child protective services. This woman is a predator. No, better yet, call the cops and protect this poor boy. He’s jail bait, Julia. Leave him alone—”

“No need to continue,” Julia cut in. “I get the message.”

“You sure? Cause I have plenty more where those came from.”

“Your promise to be serious lasted exactly one minute. However, point made.” There was silence on the line.

“What’s going on? He’s only a few years younger than you. You’re practically the same age. Is there something else bothering you?”

“Nothing. It’s silly. I was thinking . . . maybe I shouldn’t even go.”

This time when Simone spoke, her voice was softer. “It’s not nothing, because you called me. You’re not thinking about him, are you?”

Julia swallowed. “Of course not,” she said in a barely audible whisper. She swirled her spoon in the melting ice cream. “That was so long ago.”

“Exactly.” She heard her sister sigh. “You’re paralyzed. He has you so afraid of getting hurt again that when a decent man pays you any attention—someone you’re actually attracted to—you get scared. You’re letting him win. You know that, don’t you?” It was disheartening to hear her sister repeat her father’s words.

Julia rested the back of her head against the headboard. “Don’t you think I know that, Simone? It’s driving me crazy because I see how ridiculous I’m behaving but I’m still helpless to do anything about it. I just want to go out Friday night and have fun.”

“Then do that!” Simone exclaimed. “I’m not saying he’s the man of your dreams, but go out and have a good time with him. Don’t cancel, Julia. You work hard, you put up with Dad’s antics, you watch my kids when I need a break before I strangle them, and now you need to do something for yourself. You know that’s what Momma would say if she was alive.”

A lump rose in Julia’s throat. Simone was right. Her mother would patiently listen and then advise her to go enjoy herself. She couldn’t think of a single reason why she shouldn’t go.

“He hasn’t asked you to marry him,” Simone teased gently. “You’re going dancing.”

Julia smiled. Her sister’s words put the situation into perspective. “All right, Little Bit, you’re making sense.”

Simone emitted an exaggerated groan. “I’m an adult woman doling out advice and I still can’t get you to stop calling me that.”

“You’ll never outgrow it.” Julia set her bed tray on the night stand and swung her legs over the side of the bed. “Okay, I’m going dancing on Friday night. Thanks for listening.”

“No problem. And Julia?”

“Yes, Little Bit.”

“You’re going dancing, so wear something sexy, chica. And please, please, do something cute with your hair.”

Before Julia could reply, she heard the dial tone.



****



Julia stood before the floor length mirror in her bedroom, staring at her reflection and trying to ignore the swarm of butterflies in the middle of her stomach. The nervous anticipation had been building all night. She knew it was because she not only looked forward to her evening out, but she wanted Freddie to like what he saw.

To make sure he did, she’d added bronzer to her cheeks and plied her lashes with extra mascara to make sure they stood out. Rather than the earth toned lipstick she normally wore, she opted for something shimmering in the wine family.

She’d stood in front of the mirror for much longer than necessary, turning this way and that, critically assessing her appearance from every angle before being satisfied. She’d worried more about her hair than anything else. She washed and deep conditioned it and finally got it to where she felt it was presentable. She shook her head a couple of times to help the strands fall naturally into place and smiled tentatively at her reflection just as the doorbell rang.

Her father was out on a date with Irene, so she couldn’t use him to delay her entrance.

“Too late to change your mind now,” she said to her reflection.

Julia didn’t know what to expect when she opened the door, but what she didn’t expect was to find a well-scrubbed Freddie looking absolutely drop-dead gorgeous out of his normal construction clothes. She didn’t think he could get any finer, but he had.

He wore his black, shoulder-length hair loose, and she noticed it was still damp around his forehead, as if he’d hopped out of the shower and came straight to her house. Soap and the combined scent of citrus and sandalwood in his aftershave floated upward into her nostrils and caused her body to tingle at the manly fragrance.

The white, button-down short-sleeved shirt contrasted against his tawny skin. Beneath the thin cotton, his tantalizing chest muscles rippled when he moved. With his dark slacks and shiny black shoes, he looked like a different man, and she wondered if she had the wherewithal to make it through the night without rubbing up against him.

His long, lean fingers held a single red rose, which he extended to her.

“Buenas noches,” he said softly, smiling a sexy smile that must have broken down the inhibitions of legions of women since the day he hit puberty. The lapse into Spanish was a pleasant surprise, creating more tingling from the top of her head to the toes of high-heeled sandaled feet.

“Buenas noches,” Julia repeated, lifting the flower from his hand. She felt like she had nineteen years ago when she went on her first date at sixteen: shy, nervous, anxious, and ready for anything.



****



When Julia locked the front door, Freddie extended the crook of his arm. Any reason to touch her, because she looked so touchable tonight. When she hooked her arm through his and allowed her soft fingers to reach up and brush his biceps, his chest muscles contracted. He didn’t know what possessed him to invite her out dancing when he should have been distancing himself from her, but he was glad he did.

She looked stunning tonight. Without the air of aloofness and the cool confidence she usually exhibited, she appeared softer, more feminine, and more approachable. The neckline of her pretty, feminine top dipped low enough to tease him with a hint of cleavage. The A-line skirt swirled around her knees and permitted him a good view of slender, toned calves in sandals.

Her dark hair was styled so it fell across her brow at a teasing angle—inviting him to reach up and brush the strands back from her face so they wouldn’t block her vision. The auburn highlights he’d noticed the first night were more noticeable now and made him want to delve his fingers into the shiny depths of her hair.

As he helped her into the newly cleaned truck, Freddie couldn’t resist leaning down while she was turned away and getting a whiff of her feminine scent. He got a double whammy. The perfume stirred his senses, and the smell of her hair made his gut contract with the desire to drag her close and bury his face in the fresh, vanilla-scented tresses.

She smiled at him as he closed the passenger side door. The wine-colored lipstick made her full lips look even fuller and inviting. More than anything he wanted to keep her smiling. He wanted to keep her safe and protect her against any further emotional harm. No woman of his—whoa.

Where had that come from?

Freddie walked around the front of the truck toward the driver’s side. The thought came out of nowhere. He was thinking of her as his. At that moment, Freddie realized just how much trouble he was in.

Freddie took Julia to a club located off Buford Highway, a street known as International Corridor because of the large number of Spanish and Asian restaurants and businesses lining the stretch of road. The parking lot was already packed, and when they arrived at the front door, a large man in a suit ushered them in.

The DJ called out in Spanish to the throng of men and women on the dance floor gyrating in time to the up-tempo beats of the loud music.

Freddie leaned down toward her. The gentle pressure of his fingers against the base of her spine triggered tiny shivers along her hips. “They play a variety of music here: reggaeton, salsa, calypso, merengue.”

He stayed by her side, guiding her through the throng of bodies to the bar and somehow making a spot for them to squeeze in.

“Hola, amigo!” The bartender extended a hand to Freddie.

Freddie greeted him as well, and they carried on a conversation in rapid Spanish for awhile before the bartender turned to look at her.

“Quién es?” he asked.

“Se llama Julia, mi mujer,” Freddie answered. Julia cast a questioning glance at him. “He asked me who you were. I told him your name.”

“I understood when you told him my name, but what does . . . moo-hair mean?”

“Mujer,” Freddie corrected, smiling down at her. “It means friend.”

Julia swallowed to moisten her parched throat. If she could bottle and sell that sexy grin of his, she could make a fortune fighting depression. “I thought amigo meant friend.”

The bartender set a glass of white wine and a bottle of beer in front of Freddie. She was pleased he’d remembered what she liked.

“Enjoy.” Without him leaning close to her, she couldn’t hear him over the noise, but she could read his lips. He clinked his bottle against her glass.

Julia took a sip of the fruity wine. Freddie motioned behind her, where the woman sitting on the stool had gotten down and walked away. Seizing the opportunity, she climbed up onto the empty seat.

For a few minutes they watched the dancers. After awhile, she could feel Freddie’s hot gaze on her. Turning to face him, she raised a brow.

He leaned toward her. “You’re not going to sit there all night, are you?” he asked. His breath tickled the delicate skin of her ear. Her fingers tightened on the stem of the glass.

He didn’t move back, so she whispered in his ear. What she really wanted to do was turn and press her mouth against his neck and let her fingers travel down the front of his shirt, releasing each button so her hand could glide across his strong chest.

“No. I have to get used to the place first before I jump in. You can ask someone else to dance if you like.” The instructional salsa videos she’d studied on YouTube were a poor preparation for what she was seeing.

“I want to dance with you,” he said. He pulled back and looked into her eyes.

Julia was caught, hypnotized by his dark gaze. He held out his hand to her. She covered his palm with hers, and there was an immediate fluttering in the pit of her stomach. Before following him, she tossed back the rest of her wine. No point in letting it go to waste. Besides, she needed a little liquid courage. Then, with her hand clasped firmly in Freddie’s, she followed him through the thicket of bodies into the middle of the dance floor.





CHAPTER EIGHT



Out in the middle of the club, Julia became intimidated by the fluid movements of the dancers around her. The men moved their partners around without effort, dipping and twirling them with the expertise grown from years of practice.

“I don’t know if I can do this,” Julia whispered to Freddie. She stood stiffly in the center of the dancers. “I don’t want to embarrass you. Everybody will be looking at us.”

“No one will be looking at us. They’re too busy dancing.” His teeth flashed an encouraging smile. He rested his hand lightly on her waist and lifted her other hand in his. “Relax, and let the music guide you. Listen to the beat.”

Good heavens, could he get any sexier, moving his hips slowly from side to side as he tried to encourage her to relax her rigid stance and get into the music.

Julia closed her eyes against the painful memories of some of the last words her ex had said to her. You’re not any fun, Julia. I need someone who’s fun and exciting. He said those words right after he’d told her about his pregnant girlfriend. After she’d spent eight years of her life with him.

“What’s wrong?”

She stifled a laugh. What’s wrong was that she was standing in the middle of a Latin club with an attractive man trying to be something she wasn’t. She was Julia Newman, venture capitalist, future youngest female partner in the firm. She was not Julia Newman, salsa dancer.

“I can’t,” she whispered painfully, trying to pull away. She didn’t want to humiliate herself. She should have never come. This was unfamiliar territory. There were no numbers to analyze and no reports to review.

He didn’t release her. Instead, his arm curved around her waist like a heavy belt, and his dark brows lowered over his eyes in concern. “It’s not that hard. I promise. I’ll guide you all the way.”

His gaze softened on her, and it encouraged her to make a tentative movement. He tried to guide her backward, but she practically tripped over her feet and stiffened against him.

“You have to let me lead. The man is in control in salsa.” He wiggled his eyebrows at her and she rewarded him with a wan smile. Looking down into her eyes, he said, “Move your left foot forward . . . one, two, three . . . step back . . . right leg backward . . . one, two, three . . .” He repeated the instructions several times. “That’s it.”

They moved slowly at first. Then, as she grew accustomed to the rhythm of the movement and the pressure of his hand indicating when she should move backward and forward, the speed of their movements accelerated to match those around them. Backward, forward, backward, forward. It wasn’t as hard as she had originally thought.

“Keep your hips moving,” Freddie coached. “Yes . . . just like that.”

He warned her he would try a spin move, and she didn’t get it at first, getting off beat on the turn. When they tried again, she mastered the spin, and she looked up at him, grinning widely.

“I got it!” She laughed.

He just stared at her. He didn’t smile back. She noted the hardening of his jaw and felt the split second tightening of his fingers around her own. Unexpectedly, he lowered his head until their mouths almost touched. Her breath caught in her throat.

“Perfect,” he muttered, before claiming her lips.

Although taken by surprise, Julia didn’t hold back. His mouth moved across hers with a longing and passion that found an instant match echoed inside her own needy body. She did what she’d wanted to do since he picked her up. She plunged her fingers into the black curls and buried them until they were no longer visible.

The music switched to a sultry, heady reggaeton beat. He hauled her tighter against his muscular frame.

Freddie broke the kiss, but only so he could trail hot kisses along her jaw to the sensitive point beneath her ear. Julia clutched his broad shoulders, then glided her hands along his arms. She reveled in the powerful muscles beneath her hands. In return, his hands ran restlessly up and down her back as he fought what she was also fighting—the base instinct to disrobe and satisfy an unbearably pulsing ache.

“Perfecta,” he whispered in her ear.

Julia didn’t care they were in the middle of a crowded dance floor. She didn’t care if anyone saw them or thought their behavior was indecent. Wrapped in his arms, none of it mattered. Freddie made her feel like a goddess, and she was slowly getting drunk from the power of it.

He lowered his big hands to her hips, and the heated pressure penetrated the material of her skirt and spread warmth along her pelvis. Emboldened, she swayed her hips from side to side in time to the beat of the music. He lifted his head as he felt the difference in her.

“Close your eyes,” he whispered. “Let yourself go, Julia.”

She did. The music flowed over her. She became one with it, letting it course through her veins and lift her spirits. She allowed him to guide her in a turn that ended in her back pressed against his front.

Julia lifted her arms toward the ceiling, and his hands made a slow progression up her side to rest high on her waist. His harsh breath fanned her neck. They were practically making love on the dance floor, and she wasn’t the least bit ashamed. She reached back and trailed her hand along his firm jaw, and she felt, rather than heard, the groan that rippled through his taut body.



****



Lento. Lento. Freddie knew Julia couldn’t understand the lyrics of the song, but her relaxed body followed the instructions to a tee. Slow. Slow.

He couldn’t count the number of times he’d shared a dance with an attractive woman. While there were times when the right woman could turn him on, he’d never experienced the type of ravenous need consuming his body the way it was with Julia. He bunched his fist into the loose-fitting skirt, fighting the urge to haul it up to her hips so he could run his hands along the length of her inner thigh. He buried his face in her fragrant hair.

“Dámelo, dámelo,” the woman wailed in the chorus. “Lento. Lento.” Give it to me, give it to me. Slow. Slow.

His body shook with the internal struggle to tamp down the need Julia had awakened by rubbing her sexy little body against him. Heaven help him, if she wasn’t careful, she would find herself hemmed up in a dark corner of the club, getting it from him—lento.



****



They danced to a few more songs, and then Freddie led her back over to the bar. She could barely walk. This time she requested a bottle of water. She needed something to quench her thirst. Dancing was like exercising, but her thirst was actually the result of her deep-seated arousal.

He sat on one of the stools and pulled her close between his muscular thighs.

“I should come dancing more often,” Julia said. She rested a hand on one of his broad shoulders, feeling the heat emanating from him.

The hand around her waist tightened and brought her closer.

“You should,” he agreed. His hooded gaze caressed her face and made her feel deliciously feminine. He rubbed his hand up and down her back, and she felt the heat of every stroke as if he’d touched her bare skin. “You’re very good.”

She blushed, leaning into him. “I had a good teacher.”

The movement of his hand stilled in the middle of her back. His gaze traveled over her face. The pulsing sound of the music receded into the background. “You look happy. Your eyes are shining.”

“Because of you,” Julia whispered. “I’m having fun and enjoying myself.”

With Freddie, she discovered a new side of her personality. Perhaps it had always been there, hidden away behind a protective shield. No one would believe the seductive way she’d danced and teased him on the floor. Even now they were practically joined together, impervious to the activity around them, as if they were the only ones in the room.

He slipped his hand up to the nape of her neck under her hair and kissed her. The soft pressure of his lips heightened her aroused state. “You’re coming home with me tonight.”

She had no idea if it was a question or a statement. She felt a moment’s hesitation. But even if her brain wasn’t sure, her arms, legs, fingers, and toes were ready for what was to come.

He pressed his mouth to the hollow at the base of her neck where her rapidly beating pulse was a silent signal of her concession.



****



They left the club shortly thereafter, hand in hand, and were soon on their way to his house. On the way there, Freddie pulled into a gas station.

“Do you need anything?” he asked. She didn’t have a purse with her, so he knew she didn’t have any money.

“I would like to get a ginger ale,” she replied.

She needed to settle her nervous stomach. It wasn’t as if she was a virgin, but she couldn’t squash the persistent anxiety she felt. It had been so long. She wanted everything to be perfect, and in truth, she was out of practice. She’d been out of practice for over two years, although she didn’t want to count the one encounter she’d had after her break up. She was still mortified she’d thrown up right afterward, embarrassing herself and the other person. She had not been ready for that type of intimacy. She had simply used the man as a bolster for her damaged ego.

Freddie pulled open a compartment built into the dashboard and handed her some cash.

She smiled at him. Fun, sexy, a gentleman, and sweet. What more could a woman ask for? “I’ll be right back,” she said.

Inside the convenience store, Julia moved to the back to the refrigerator section. She browsed the contents. “Ginger ale,” she muttered to herself, scanning the shelves.

“Julia?”

She reacted like an electrocuted cat. The hairs on the back of her neck came to fearful attention at the sound of her name. Her heart rate accelerated to breakneck speed in her chest. In the reflection of the door of the refrigerator, she recognized the tall image reflected over her shoulder.

She turned to face him. Her eyes traveled slowly up the Italian suit, past the buttoned white shirt and silk tie, and slowly past the prominent Adam’s apple, to the face of the man she once thought she would spend the rest of her life with. Three years ago all that had changed. Her undying devotion had mutated into a burning desire to never see him again.

“Hello, Julia.”

She was speechless.

It was him.





CHAPTER NINE



Julia took a good look at the man who’d shattered her heart into a thousand pieces, denying her the dreams she’d thought he shared of having a family and growing old together. She forced her breathing to slow to a calm pace, because initially she’d felt as if she was about to hyperventilate.

He stood there, immaculate and inviting like a tall glass of chocolate milk. He smiled down at her with teeth whitened so much they sparkled. How could she have ever thought his smarmy grin was attractive?

A quick glance behind him made her realize the young woman—no, girl—in the little black dress was with him. She hovered close enough to be within listening distance.

“You look different,” he said, studying her face. “I’m not sure what it is.”

“I’m happy.” Julia supplied the information with a toss of her head.

He laughed. The rich baritone of his voice didn’t have the effect it used to. “You’ve gotten a bit cocky, too. I like it.”

He didn’t hide his interest. He let his eyes wander down the length of her body, stopping for a moment at the neckline of her top, not even bothering to hide his blatant approval of the figure flattering outfit.

Julia tried not to squirm, instead standing up straight. How dare he, after all this time, with his new plaything standing right behind him within earshot?

He leaned against a shelving unit and shoved one hand into the pocket of his trousers. He looked the epitome of relaxed and confident. His confidence had been one of the things she’d admired about him at first. He acted as if he ruled the world and everyone should just fall in line with his plans.

What she admired about him had also been the problem. She’d fallen in line with his plans. There had always been some reason why they had to postpone starting their future together. First he had to get his MBA. Then he strived for a promotion. Once he got the promotion, he became busy settling into his new post as director, working hard to impress the higher-ups. It was always something. She had been patient and understanding and had wanted him to achieve all the success he deserved, because she had loved him.

In loving him and devoting her time to supporting him and his endeavors, she’d lost a part of herself. She had her own career, but her focus had been making sure he achieved his goals and making sure whenever he was ready to move forward, she was available. Eight years she had spent with him, slowly curling into herself.

Deep down she’d known the relationship wasn’t going anywhere, but she’d been afraid to move on, and who would be crazy enough to walk away from such a catch? She’d already invested so much time. So instead of giving him an ultimatum or walking away, she had invested more time. In the end, their relationship ended because she was no longer fun. Because somehow his nineteen-year-old lover satisfied something in him she couldn’t.

“I heard through the grapevine you’re on your way to making partner,” he said.

“That’s right.” Julia tilted up her chin.

“Good for you. You’re breaking through the glass ceiling and shaking up the good ole boy network. You always did have an amazing drive.” He paused dramatically, and she knew his next words would cut her down somehow. “Too bad you didn’t put as much effort into our relationship, or we would still be together.”

Jerk. “You have that backwards. You’re the one who wasn’t giving one hundred percent to our relationship. By the way, how’s the kid?” She paused for dramatic effect, too. The sideways smile slipped from his face. “She should be, what—twenty-one, twenty-two now?”

Take that, Julia thought with grim satisfaction. He straightened to his full height, a tactic to intimidate her and make her feel small.

“She and I are no longer together. She’s doing fine, though. So is my son.”

Julia felt a twinge of pain at the reference to his son. When she’d left him, she hadn’t known the gender of his child. She was certain he hadn’t either at the time, because it had been too early to tell. Now she had that bit of information, the child became real, and the old wound reopened.

He must have sensed the break in her armor because he went in for the kill. “Any kids, Julia? A man, even?”

His arrogant tone indicated his confidence she hadn’t found anyone to replace him. He had never liked the fact she had broken up with him. He’d actually tried to convince her they could work out the “problem” of his girlfriend and their child together. How pathetic had she been that he would even suggest such a thing—to think she would consider staying with him after he’d crushed her hopes and humiliated her in such an effective manner. Or was it simple arrogance that made him think she would remain in a relationship with him?

As if on cue, out of the corner of her eye, she saw Freddie round the corner on his way toward them. Their eyes locked, and relief flooded her system.

“You find what you were looking for?” he asked, his worried gaze resting on her face, ignoring the man standing nearby. He must have figured out right away something was wrong.

“Are you kidding me, Julia?” He stood there, staring at Freddie with a look of disbelief on his face. “You’ve upgraded your professional life and downgraded your personal one? You’re living la vida loca now?”

Freddie finally acknowledged the stranger by turning to face him. They stood toe to toe, about the same height. “And you are . . .?”

“The love of her life. Her soul mate. The man she thinks about when she’s with you.”

“What?” Julia’s incredulous stare didn’t bother him a bit.

Behind him, the young woman drifted away. If she weren’t so caught up in her own drama, she would sympathize the young woman had to hear what she’d heard. She was probably better off for having heard it.

“You don’t have to be ashamed of it, baby. We both know I’m a hard habit to break. The only reason we’re not together right now is because I messed up—but tell the truth. How many times have you thought about a reconciliation? How many times have you picked up the phone to call me but were afraid it was too late?”

Julia’s mouth fell open. He actually thought she still wanted to be with him. She started to shake. “How do you even manage to carry around an ego that size?”

“Are you going to deny seeing me tonight brings back memories and makes you wish you hadn’t left me?”

Julia drew a sharp breath. Freddie stepped between them and folded his arms across his chest. In that instant, with his feet planted firmly on the floor, he became her protector, her shield against the barbs. She could take care of herself, but she couldn’t deny it felt good to have him run interference and show her that level of caring.

“It’s time for you to leave,” he said, his firm voice brooking no argument. “It seems to me you’re the one having a hard time accepting Julia’s moved on.”

He laughed and peered around Freddie’s solid chest to look at her. He gestured with his thumb. “Your man’s a thug, baby. That’s what you’re into now?”

“Speak to me, not to her.”

“Listen, Ricky Martin, this is none of your business.”

“If it concerns Julia, it is my business. And my name is Frederico Ernesto Mendoza Diaz.”

They stood there, staring each other down like two gladiators about to square off, neither wanting to be the first to retreat. The cash register peeled open up front. Sensing trouble, an old Asian man made a U turn back toward the front door. Julia placed a hand on Freddie’s muscular arm.

“Let’s go.”

He didn’t budge. It was as if he hadn’t even heard her.

“You should listen to her, Frederico.” He said the name as if it soiled his mouth. “Don’t let the suit and Bruno Magli shoes fool you. You don’t want none of this.” That sickening smile returned to his face. Only this time it was topped off with a sneer.

A cold chill settled over Julia. He was nothing like the young man she met more than ten years ago. Ambition, the pursuit of materials things, and the problems brought on by his own lusts had changed him.

“Tell you what,” he said, “I’ll leave.” As he backed away, he lifted his thumb and little finger to his ear and mouthed, “Call me.”

When he was gone, Freddie looked down at her with concern etched in his face. “Are you okay?”

Julia took a deep breath. She wasn’t completely, but she would be once she had a chance to recuperate from that brief episode. “Yes, but I want to go home now. Please, take me home.”



****



The cabin of the truck remained as silent as a tomb. They weren’t talking, and Freddie didn’t bother to play any music. It would somehow seem out of place. Finally, he could remain silent no longer.

“Who was he?” He’d gathered enough to learn the other man was an ex, but that was all he knew. Had they been engaged? Was he the one who broke her heart and made her stop believing in love?

“No one.”

That was obviously not true. Whoever he was, he was an important part of her past. He wished he hadn’t suppressed the urge to grab the guy and smash his face into the glass door of the refrigerator. It would have given him great pleasure to make the snake-oil-salesman smile disappear from his face.

He hadn’t appreciated the living la vida loca comment, but in the scheme of things, it was no big deal. In his life he’d heard much worse. That’s not why he was so upset. It’s what the jerk’s appearance had done to Julia. The light was gone from her eyes. He’d robbed the night of happiness, and she had retreated back into her shell, scooting way over against the door, staring out the window.

He wished he knew what to do to make her eyes shine again.



****



When they arrived at her house, Julia opened the door as soon as the truck came to a standstill in her driveway.

“Julia, wait!”

She slammed the door. He moved fast, though. He’d already rounded the front of the vehicle and stood blocking her progress to the front door before she could take a step.

“What’s going on?”

“Nothing’s going on.”

She felt deflated, empty. The short ride to her house had made her realize she was fooling herself. She wasn’t completely over what had happened. While she no longer loved him, she realized she carried around too much baggage to bring into another relationship. She wasn’t ready yet to move forward.

“Don’t shut me out.” He towered over her in the semi-darkness. The motion sensor lights on the garage illuminated his back and partially cast his rugged face in shadow.

“I can’t do this right now.”

“Do what?”

“This.” She gestured with her hands, pointing between the two of them. “I don’t have the energy. I have too much going on in my life to get involved with someone right now.”

His mouth tightened. “You were on your way home with me before our stop at the gas station. What changed?”

“What changed is…I finally had time to think, once I wasn’t caught up in the music and—and everything that took place at the club.” She didn’t want to explain what was wrong, because she barely understood it herself. She only wanted to escape inside the refuge of her house.

“That’s not the reason and you know it. There’s something else going on.”

“There’s nothing else going on.” She moved to step around him, but he blocked her path.

“What are you afraid of?”

“I’m not afraid of anything!” she said in exasperation.

“Is that right? Do you even believe what you’re saying? Have you even convinced yourself anything you just said is true?”

“This night is over. I should have never gone out with you in the first place.” She was in fighting mode, and he turned out to be the unlucky recipient of her cutting tongue.

“No, the real issue is that I should have never invited you. You wouldn’t know how to have a good time if the instructions were emailed to you on your computer!”

His unexpected words hurt. “I know how to have fun!”

“No, you don’t. You pretend to, so you can convince everyone else around you that you have feelings like a normal human being.”

Was he trying to upset her? “You are an unfeeling, inconsiderate–idiot!” she finished, for lack of a better word. “I’ve had a horrible time. I wish I didn’t have to see you again!” She moved to go around him for the second time. He grabbed her arm. “Take your hand off of me!”

“I’m not finished talking to you.”

“Well, I’m finished talking to you,” Julia huffed. She tried to pull away. “I said, take your hand off of me.”

“Or else what? What will you do, Julia?”

“I’ll—I’ll scream.”

“And actually show some emotion? I don’t believe you. I want to see it.”

“I mean it. Step back.”

“Do it. Scream. I want to see you scream.” He backed her up against the truck and leaned in close.

“Stop it! Can’t you see I’m scared?” The shaking started again. She couldn’t control it.

“Of what? Of me?”

“No. Of…of everything you represent. I can’t do it again. What if there really is such a thing as a soul mate? I don’t want to waste my time falling for you, caring about you, loving you, and then . . . poof! You’re gone. And I’m all alone again.” An unbearably heavy ache crushed her chest.

“People get hurt all the time, Julia,” Freddie said. “I’ve been hurt, too, but something inside me knows…I feel…like it’s different this time.”

She understood what he meant. She had the same feeling, but she was still terrified. What if she was wrong?

“You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to,” he continued. “We’ll go as slow as you want. Okay?” He placed a tender kiss on her forehead.

“What if we’re wrong?” She stared at him, wide-eyed. “I loved him so much, and I was wrong. We were supposed to get married. I spent eight years of my life with him, trying to be the perfect partner and fiancée. I was supportive and loving. My life revolved around him. He cheated on me and got someone else pregnant. How could I have been so wrong, when I loved him and was so certain he loved me?”

“There’s nothing wrong with giving your all to a relationship,” Freddie said. “That’s the way it should be, and that’s what I love about you. It’s so obvious you’re a passionate person, waiting to get out of that bottle you’ve locked your true self inside.”

“Passion? What are you talking about, Freddie? You hardly know me.”

“I know enough to know you’re what I want. I like the way your eyes sparkle when you’re happy. I want to be the one to make you smile and bring that sparkle into those beautiful brown eyes. I want to make you laugh. You’re intelligent, generous, and loving. I love all those things about you, and I can’t wait to find out more about who you are.”

Julia shook her head. “Stop it. It’s too much. You’re too much. I can’t process this right now. Please understand, you’re a wonderful man. You deserve someone who will appreciate you.”

“Julia—“

“Please.” She gulped back the tears. She had to be strong enough to save the tears until she could be alone. “I know what it’s like to waste my time loving someone. I don’t want to do that to you. We don’t have a future together.”

He stiffened. Her words finally got through to him. He took the warmth of his body when he stepped back.

“I’m sorry,” she said softly.

She couldn’t look at him. She walked swiftly toward the front door. She could almost feel the heat of his hot gaze on her retreating back. At the door, she turned to look over her shoulder. Sure enough, he stood there where she’d left him, watching her.

She paused for a moment, her heart filled with longing. She wished she could go back in time to the club and experience the comfort of his strong arms around her. She’d felt so free wrapped in his embrace. She’d opened up herself to him in a way she hadn’t to anyone else in a long time.

He deserved someone else. She wasn’t whole yet. She didn’t know when she would be, but she was not the right person for him at this time.

Julia let herself inside and closed the door.





CHAPTER TEN



Mendoza Construction finished the basement in record time. Freddie sent another worker over to the house to help. Julia knew because her father told her so. She avoided going home earlier than nine, finding an assortment of tasks to complete at work to fill the extended hours. Freddie cut back his visits to the house and only came by during the day. With both of them doing such a fine job of avoiding each other, there was no chance of an accidental meeting.

Her father’s birthday was less than a week away. He still didn’t have a clue about the apartment.

Julia sat doodling in her planner and stopped herself when she was finally conscious of what she was doing. She hadn’t been able to stop thinking about Freddie. She wanted to call him, but she had no idea what to say.

With a heavy sigh, she went through the folders on her desk. Even though she’d been staying late at work, she had plenty to do because she spent much of her time staring off into space.

She flipped open an unmarked folder and stared down at the Mendoza Construction business plan. She had forgotten all about it. She remembered placing it in a folder, thinking she could work on it when she had a break at the office. It had been sitting here untouched the entire time.

She felt a bit guilty. Freddie had held up his end of the bargain and taken her dancing. She hadn’t reviewed his plan and offered her advice yet.

Julia flipped the pages, reacquainting herself with the data. He had written a sound plan. In fact, almost too sound. His company was debt-free and he had a large sum of money saved. In addition to the funds he received from the bank, he would use his savings to help with his business expansion. He wanted to renovate an abandoned building so he’d have office space. His plan included expanding his workforce and hiring a part-time office assistant.

Most people tried to shift most, if not all, the risk to the bank. His plan proposed the reverse. She shook her head and smiled. That was her Freddie. He—

Her Freddie.

Julia closed her eyes and swallowed to relieve the pressure in her throat. She could see his chiseled face now, with that disarming smile of his that made her insides melt like chocolate on a hot stove. Being on the receiving end of his smile could cause any woman to make a detour in the direction her life was taking. It had certainly happened to her.

Let yourself go, Julia. He’d whispered the words at the club, and she had—trusting him, because he saw something in her she hadn’t seen in herself.

He’d called her generous and loving, and she’d behaved as if what he’d said was the most ridiculous thing she’d ever heard. Their night out had been perfect, until the end, when she’d run into him.

He’d spoiled everything with his cruel words. She’d let him spoil everything.

Julia’s eyes flew open as she replayed the confrontation in her mind. It suddenly dawned on her why he had behaved the way he had. He was mad at her. Three years ago, when he’d thrown those accusations at her, calling her frigid and not fun, it had been because she was about to leave him.

Laughter erupted from deep inside her at the realization. Despite destroying her trust and what was left of their relationship, he had actually been angry with her because she decided to leave him, and he had wanted her to suffer because of it.

She laughed again. This time, the sound was so loud she leaned back in her leather chair and covered her mouth with her hand to stop the sound from traveling to her assistant on the other side of the door.

Tears of joys streamed down her face. She wasn’t incapable of love. She wasn’t cold. She wasn’t frigid. Best of all, she hadn’t wasted her time. If she had married him, she would never have met her true love. If she hadn’t gone through what she had, she wouldn’t have known what real love was like—to be treasured, protected, and appreciated.

Was Freddie her soul mate? She didn’t know, but she knew at this point in her life, he was the only man she needed and loved. It was time she made him aware of that fact.

Once she got the hysterical laughter to subside, Julia worked on the stack of papers which comprised his business plan. When she finished, she had reworked Freddie’s financial statements and reworded parts of the narrative.

She buzzed her administrative assistant.

“Yes, Julia?”

“Set aside whatever you’re working on. I have a document here that needs to be typed into one of the business plan templates. When you’re finished, get Chuck over at SunTrust Bank for me. Tell him I have another business that doesn’t fit our guidelines, but the bank would definitely be interested in taking a look at it. Then send him the plan. Tell him I need an answer today.”

“Yes, Julia.” Her assistant came in right away and retrieved the papers.

After she left, Julia scooted her chair closer to the desk. She decided to satisfy her curiosity about something Freddie had said the night they went dancing. She pulled up an online translator. It only took her two tries to get the spelling correct on the word “mujer.” The translator kicked back the English word “woman.”

Julia smiled.

At the club, when he’d referred to her as his mujer, he’d been staking his claim. He’d told the bartender she was his woman.



****



It was dark when Freddie made it to her house, and when the doorbell rang, Julia already waited on the other side. She had spotted him running through the rain. She quickly combed her fingers through her loose hair and smoothed the white blouse over her slacks.

When she opened the door, he stood in the doorway, dripping with water from the storm. He wore dirty jeans and a black t-shirt with the arms cut out, the red, white, and blue colors of the Puerto Rican flag proudly displayed on his arm. His hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and droplets of water shimmered against the curls like tiny diamonds.

A feeling of déjà vu came over her. Her heart thumped faster.

She stepped back so he could come in, and he closed the door slowly and locked it. The rainwater glistened on his olive skin.

Oh, boy. This is going to be harder than I anticipated.

“Sorry about this,” he said. “I was determined to get out here to you, but I wasn’t prepared for the rain to come down the way it has.” He wiped his feet on the rug in the entryway. Small drops of water still managed to find their way onto her hardwood floor.

“That’s okay,” Julia said. “Follow me.” She took him into the kitchen. “Would you like something to drink?”

“No, thank you. I’m fine.” His formal tone made her confidence waver. Almost.

“Well, here’s the business plan,” she said, sliding the folder along the island toward him.

When she’d called him earlier in the day, she asked him to come by to pick it up. As she suspected, it was the only copy he had, so he was only too willing to oblige. She could have faxed or emailed it to him, but he never requested either. She hadn’t told him it had been retyped. He thought she had made the changes to his handwritten copy.

He looked up from the sheets, a frown of confusion on his face. “You typed it?”

“Well, I had my assistant type it,” Julia said. He hadn’t smiled yet. She needed to see his smile. “I took the liberty of reworking the numbers.” She sidled close to him to point out the changes. She was so nervous she passed her fingers through her loose hair to hide their shaking. She’d never taken the assertive role in her personal relationships before. Being assertive had always been reserved for the business world.

She purposely let her thigh brush his, but he shifted away from her. She pretended not to notice. “By applying a little more leverage, you allow your assets to remain intact and available for you in case of an emergency. Meanwhile, you use the bank’s money to finance your expansion, and you can pay them back faster if you have the financial means to do it.”

He nodded his understanding. “Who’s this?” He pointed to the business card clipped to the folder.

“Oh, that’s a friend of mine over at SunTrust Bank. Whenever we get potential clients we’re not interested in financing, I send them to him if I think they’re viable. He reviewed your plan today and wants you to come in as soon as possible to fill out the application for a business loan.”

Both eyebrows rose toward his hairline. “You’re kidding.”

“No.” Julia grinned broadly.

“Wow. Thank you, Julia. I don’t even know what to say.” He waved his hand aimlessly in the air. “Do I owe you anything? I should pay you for this. I—I can’t believe it.”

“Believe it, and you don’t owe me anything. Your plan was strong, and you’re a healthy risk.” He still hadn’t smiled. She’d seen shock and appreciation on his face, but no smile.

“Well, thank you.” He extended his hand to her. She didn’t take it. She didn’t want to shake his hand. She wanted to bury herself in the warmth of his embrace and press her cheek against his hard chest so she could feel the beat of his heart.

“I don’t understand. That’s it?” she asked.

He looked puzzled and lowered his hand. “Was there something else?” Did he really not know? Couldn’t he tell she was extending an olive branch?

Julia ran her palm over the island top before looking Freddie in the eye again. His face was expressionless as he waited for her answer. “This isn’t easy for me, but…um…the night we went dancing, I had a very good time. But when you brought me home, I said some things I shouldn’t have.”

He quirked a brow. “Go on.”

He wasn’t going to make this easy. She took two short breaths to calm her nerves. She hated baring her soul. “When we broke up, my ex really let me have it. He said I’d grown cold and was no longer fun, and I didn’t spend enough time thinking about his needs, among other things. He blamed his cheating and the collapse of our relationship on me, and it hurt to hear those words. When I thought about the years we spent together, our relationship turned out to be a bad investment of my time. I evaluate businesses for a living, make recommendations on whether or not to invest in them, and I’d made the worst investment of my life by staying with a man long past the expiration date on our relationship. When I saw him again, it all came flooding back.”

Freddie’s face softened a fraction. “I saw how upset you were, and I wished I could have fixed it for you. You became a completely different person after you ran into him. Which is understandable. I don’t see him winning the Mr. Congeniality trophy.”

“So you understand?” Relief flooded her system. “He made me afraid of loving again, and I doubted my own judgment. I took out my anger and hurt on you, and it wasn’t fair. I know it wasn’t, and I feel horrible about it.”

Freddie nodded, his eyes thoughtful. “I figured as much at the time, but I’ve also had time to think, and we both need to be honest. He’s your type, not me. I don’t shop at high-end stores or get manicures.” He held up his hands for her to see. “I have callouses on my hands, and my idea of a manicure is taking an old toothbrush to scrub the dirt from under my nails at the end of the day.” He looked down at his clothes and pointed. “This is what I wear to work. Every day. Can you handle that? Can you handle having your friends comment about what your man does for a living? You won’t be able to say I’m a banker or an investor. I work construction. Will you be okay telling people what I do in polite conversation at your dinner parties?”

“Of course! I don’t know a single person who would make a negative comment about your work, and I certainly don’t care about what you do for a living.”

“Come on, Julia.” He shook his head. “We had a good time, and maybe we can go dancing some other night when you’re free, but we both know this isn’t going anywhere. Thanks for your help on my business plan.” He turned toward the doorway.

She said the first thing that came to her mind. “No!”

Freddie stopped and turned slowly toward her. “No?”

“No,” Julia said in a calmer voice. “You’re doing what I did. You’re rejecting me because you’re afraid of getting hurt. You think a relationship between us won’t last because I’ll compare you to my ex or—or because I’ll be embarrassed—really?—to tell my friends about you. That will never happen.”

“You’re certain?”

“Yes.”

His face changed into a stony mask. Freddie took two steps forward and slammed the folder on the island. His actions made her jump and her eyes widened in surprise. “I’ve lived it. I want to believe you’re different, and I did at one point, but I’m not so sure. Let’s say I believe you really don’t have a problem dating a blue collar man, we still have to deal with the baggage from our previous relationships. I’m pretty sure I’ve got a better handle on mine than you do. You don’t want to waste your time and neither do I. So let me ask you, what happens the next time you run into that guy? Are you going to fall apart again? Are you going to allow him to control your feelings and make you feel bad about yourself so that you take it out on me?”

“No.” She spoke in a strong voice, to reassure him.

“How do I know you’re telling me the truth?” he demanded. His eyes flashed down at her. “You believe it now, but what happens when you’re face to face with your past and what could have been?’

“I’ll feel exactly the same way I feel now. I’ll feel relieved that I got away from him and didn’t waste any more time on a dead relationship.”

His expression let her know he still had doubts.

“I’m willing to start over if you are,” she said. She had to convince him she was worth the risk. “We both have issues, but that doesn’t mean we can’t move forward and help each other heal.” Time for Plan B. “Wait right here.”

Julia whizzed past him and hurried into her bedroom. When she returned, she carried an empty, but complete, set of luggage. She held a suitcase in each hand, a duffle bag tucked under her left arm, and she had thrown an overnight bag over her right shoulder. She stepped into the kitchen and dropped all of them onto the floor.

“What—”

“I don’t know how much baggage you come with, but this doesn’t even begin to represent all the baggage I come with.” Be brave, she coaxed herself. Stop being afraid.

Freddie stopped staring down at the bags and looked up at her.

“I’m not perfect. I’ll probably put my foot in my mouth again like I’ve done before, but that doesn’t mean I care about you any less. You said we could go as slow as I wanted. Did you mean it? I just need a little time to get my act together, but I know we’re right for each other. I see it now. Let’s start over.” Her lips curled into a tentative smile. “I’m Julia Newman. I like a man who can make me laugh. I like a man who’s honest and goal-oriented—and muscles don’t hurt, either.” Her attempt at humor elicited a small smile from him. That tiny glimpse spurred her on. “Three years ago, I got out of a long term relationship. It was very painful. Any man I become involved with, whoever he is, has to be patient.”

She stepped closer, gazing up at him, letting him see in her eyes how much she cared about him and needed him in her life. The fear of losing him forever and never knowing where they could take the relationship they’d started instilled a far greater fear in her than the fear of loving him and getting hurt.

“I’m still scared, but if you’ll be a little patient with me, I promise you won’t regret it.”

She waited, holding her breath, hearing her heart beat so loud she wouldn’t doubt he heard it, too. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, he enclosed her hand in the warmth of both of his and graced her with a full smile. Everything would be fine. She could breathe again.

“My name is Frederico Mendoza, but everybody calls me Freddie. Maybe I’m the man you’re looking for. I’ve been told I have a good sense of humor. I’m honest, and my goal is to expand my business from a six man crew to a twelve man crew in the next two years.” He spoke quietly, the warmth of his voice enveloped her. “And I think you’re worth waiting for.”

Not caring that he was in his work clothes, Julia did what she’d wanted to do since the moment he stepped inside the house. She buried herself in the comfort of his arms and pressed her cheek against chest.





About the Author



Delaney Diamond (delaneydiamond.com) was born and raised in the U.S. Virgin Islands. She has been an avid reader for as long as she can remember and wrote her first novel at the age of fourteen, which she only shared with her friends. Her writing won her several trophies in high school and a scholarship to help pay for college. In 2008 she started freelance writing, and in 2009 she gave fiction writing a try again, which resulted in her debut novel, The Arrangement.

A diehard foodie, when her head’s not buried in a book, she’s in the kitchen trying out new recipes or dining at her favorite restaurants with friends. She speaks fluent conversational French and can get by in Spanish.





Another great read from Astraea Press!





Joan Smith worked hard not to fidget while she waited at the back of the line that wound its way around the bank’s glossy interior. No fewer than twenty people awaited attention from the bank’s lone teller in the space not designed for such a crowd. To make matters worse, the woman seemed to take the longest time possible to complete even the simplest of transactions for the frustrated customers.

Since she’d opened her account with this bank a little over six years ago, Joan had noted their claim to fame seemed to be super bad service. All that was about to end, Joan thought, as the man being served snatched up his documents and stormed off. For her anyway. She’d opened another account with an online bank a couple years ago. They’d been fabulous. They’d even notified her when this bank had tried to initiate an automated loan transfer from her new accounts based on information she’d given them for one payment. Even though it was a huge pain in the rear end, that’s what had prompted her to finish paying off this loan with cash in person.

“Next.” Her tone dripped with boredom as the teller shrugged and took in the line with a nonchalant air.

When the customers inched forward, Joan fantasized at how wonderful it would feel once she was done with this institution. She had one last payment on the loan she’d had to take out to repay the bank’s hefty overdraft fees incurred after they’d held a deposit without her knowledge. Just thinking of the way they’d drained her checking and savings accounts in less than two days was enough to get her steaming mad. So it was best not to think about it. Especially since they’d covered themselves so well they could legally steal all she had then make her repay them for the trouble. Without some major clout or cash behind her, all that had been left for her to do was suck it up, pay off the debt and move on. After this final payment, that’s exactly what she planned to do.

Another customer stormed out, jarring Joan from her thoughts. She watched the woman shove the door open and stomp her way up the street. Oh yeah. It would be fantastic to be finished with this bank.

“Next.”

The line inched forward and Joan clutched the canvas shoulder bag just a bit tighter since it contained the eight hundred dollars in twenties that represented her freedom from this bank. Even after all these months of large cash payments, she still hadn’t become comfortable carrying so much cash. She slid her hand inside the canvas bag and searched for the reassuring feel of the Ziploc baggie she’d put the money in. It was lodged under her coupon binder and she had to tug it free. Joan had no idea how much she had in change in the baggie, but it had been getting hard to zip when she put the payment in.

Her hand brushed against her camera case. In one last effort to keep from being screwed over yet again, Joan had brought her digital camera with her. The video function was going to be put to good use when she filmed her final transaction proving everything was paid on time and no additional fees had been incurred. Then she’d be finished with this bank forever. She couldn’t help the smile that blossomed on her lips.

“You’re quite mistaken. It is not possible for this account to be overdrawn.”

The cultured tones and hint of an accent drew Joan’s attention to the front of the line where the tall, handsome, strawberry blond man stood arguing with the teller. She’d noticed him before on several of her other payment runs and also in a couple of the local restaurants along Main Street. He’d always been alone and seemed preoccupied with writing in some kind of notebook while eating his food. Joan had never frequented the restaurants she’d seen him in because there’d never been a coupon for any of them. Maybe someday she’d convince herself to do something without a coupon. That day wasn’t today, however.

“Sir, I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to calm down. You’re causing a scene,” the teller admonished the man while staring at him over the tops of her wire-rimmed glasses.

“You steal my money, yet I’m the one ‘causing a scene’? You must be joking.” The man had a way of looking down his long, straight nose at the teller that caused the woman to squirm.

Amused because she’d never seen anyone else get the best of the teller before, Joan leaned to the side to get a better view since the customers in front of her were doing the same. No one bothered to pretend like they were ignoring the altercation.

“I demand to speak with your superior right this moment.” The man never raised his voice but his tone was forceful nonetheless. One had to be a complete idiot to continue arguing with him. Unfortunately, that’s exactly what the teller was.

“There is nothing the manager can do. You’ve overdrawn your account. If you’d like to make a deposit…”

Joan frowned, remembering those same words said to her two years ago. Determined not to let the bank get away with this again and maybe because she didn’t want the poor guy to miss any meals, she pulled out her camera and started videotaping the scene.

“A deposit? It is clear, madam, that you’re out of your mind. Why would I give you one more dollar when you’ve already misplaced the ones given to you previously?”

The woman’s cheeks reddened with embarrassment. “Like I said before, we have nothing to do with your account being empty. You have to watch your spending habits. If you’ll step this way, we have counselors on staff to—”

“Am I to understand that you expect me to undergo counseling because you stole my money?”

“If you don’t calm down, I’m calling security,” the teller warned even though the man had yet to raise his voice.

“Please, call them. Tell them to bring my money with them.”

“That’s it, sir!” The teller picked up the phone and dialed. “I need you to escort a customer out.”

“I’m not going anywhere until you–”

Two security guards came out of nowhere and tackled the man in mid-sentence. The three men went down with an audible, “ommph.”

Joan’s eyes widened and her mouth dropped open in surprise, but she kept filming. There were audible gasps from several of the other customers. The man didn’t know it at the moment, but the bank had just made him a millionaire.

The guards jerked him to his feet and dragged him toward the exit. The man looked livid, but he didn’t protest. The long line of customers stepped away from the procession when the three passed. Their move exposed Joan with her camera pointing right at them.

The guard closest to her stopped and snarled. “Give me that camera.”

Joan stepped out of his reach when he tried to snatch it from her. “No.”

The move pulled the man and the other guard off balance. The two of them turned their attention to her to see what was happening. Having the man’s intense blue eyes on her caused her to pause a moment. If she’d thought he was gorgeous from a distance, she certainly hadn’t been prepared for the up close and personal.

Her hesitation cost her a little distance when her would-be attacker shoved the stanchion aside and reached for her again. Joan backed away and tripped over the rope between stanchions on the other side. She landed hard on her behind, but avoided the man’s grip. The other customers recoiled away from the commotion.

The guard’s reach shortened quite a bit when the man yanked his body in the opposite direction. Since the guard still had a hold of his arm, the move twisted him away from Joan. She bounced to her feet and ran for the exit.

“Hey! Get back here!”

She looked back in time to see the guard let go of the man with the blue eyes and chase after her. Or he would have if the man hadn’t tripped the pursuing guard and shoved the other one away before joining her in her flight out the door.





Astraea Press



Where Fiction Meets Virtue



www.astraeapress.com





