Someone to Love


Cooper and Noli's story





Lena Hampton



Dewy Moss LLP


Indianapolis, IN





Someone to Love. Copyright 2014 by Lena Hampton. All rights reserved. This book is a work of fiction. Though I wish that some of the places were real, they are not. All characters are derived from my imagination. Any resemblance to real people is incidental. If you or someone you know bare any resemblance to Cooper, please pass on my contact information.





to my favorite daughter and my favorite son





Contents


Dedication

About the Book

Credits

Copyright Page

Prologue

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Epilogue



A Note From Lena

Acknowlegements

Sneak Peek: Dangerous Beauty, Part One - Destiny

Sneak Peek: The Nearness of You





Ever since her parents sudden death, Noli (short for Magnolia) Freeman has been been travelling trying to outrun her grief and avoid getting too close to anyone she may lose. She returns to Indiana to help plan her cousin’s wedding and is immediately attracted to the groom’s best friend Cooper Smith. Too afraid to allow herself to love him, she leaves town soon after her bridesmaid duties are done.

Cooper hasn’t believed in love since his father abandoned him and left his mother a heartbroken shadow of herself. He vows never to fall in love and keeps all his ties to women loose. That is until he meets Noli. He thinks that she’ll be another temporary fling but breaks his vow and is rewarded with a broken heart when she leaves as suddenly as his dad did all those years before.

As hard as Noli tries, it’s impossible to block the memories of Cooper out of her mind or her heart, especially when there’s a permanent reminder of him growing inside her.

Can they get beyond their pasts and realize they’ve found someone to love?





Credits

Cover art:

BigStock.com



Cover design:

Danette Davis



Manuscript Edit & Review:

Jessica Barrett





Someone to Love. Copyright 2014 by Lena Hampton. All rights reserved under International and Pan-American

This book is a work of fiction. Though I wish that some of the places were real, they are not. All characters are derived from my imagination. Any resemblance to real people is incidental. If you or someone you know bare any resemblance to Cooper, please pass on my contact information.





Prologue




Cooper Smith’s hazel eyes locked with a pair of deep brown ones causing him to almost drop the case of liquor he was carrying into his restaurant. Noli Freeman had haunted his dreams and thoughts of her had terrorized his heart in the months since she’d left without notice. He just stood there and stared at her, ignoring the heavy weight of the case in his hands. Trevor had to clear his throat to prompt him to move from blocking the doorway. Cooper avoided taking the straight path to the back room which would take him right past the bar height table she sat at. Instead, he traversed the obstacle course behind the bar. The rest of the order he carried in without walking through the bar all together.

As he put the stock into the proper location, his mind worked double time as he tried to convince himself he didn’t care that she was here. Each time he thought maybe she was here for him, he’d tell himself she was here to see her cousin, Diane. Diane had just married his buddy Jack earlier in the year. There would be no reason for Noli to be here to see him. The time for explanations into her sudden departure was long gone. Even if she was here for him, he didn’t want to see her, much less utter a word to her.

“Coop, did you see Noli out there?” Kayla asked.

“I saw her.”

“She’s here to see you.”

“I need to finish stocking. It’s New Year’s Eve and we’re going to be packed. This will run smoother if stuff is where it’s supposed to be.” He concentrated on the task at hand like it was surgery.

“I can finish putting this stuff up.”

“That’s okay. I want to do it.”

Kayla looked at him with raised eyebrows. She’d rarely seen him this dedicated to the menial tasks of owning a bar. “She’s been waiting a long time. Just sitting there waiting for you.”

He didn’t want to see her, but he didn’t want to have to send his employee out there to do his dirty work. So he’d just hide out.

“Tell her I’m busy and I can’t see her.” That resembled the truth enough to not be a lie. He was busy, because he didn’t want to see her.

“Why don’t you want to see her? Tell me the truth, did she experience the legend that is Cooper Smith and can’t give him up? Has she turned into a fatal attraction stalker?” Kayla said, leaning over a stack of boxes and exposing more of her not so subtle cleavage.

For the last few months her necklines had headed south at a steady pace while her hemlines inched north.

“Kayla, you’re not wearing the uniform.”

“Yes I am.” She stood up tall revealing the black t-shirt with his bars logo in white.

“You altered it.”

“You mean this?” she said, pointing at where she’d cut the crew neck to create a cleavage popping V neck. “I thought it was cuter this way.”

“It’s inappropriate.”

“No one else seems to think so.”

“I should fire you for altering the uniform.”

“This isn’t a uniform, it’s a t-shirt. Anyway, we both know you couldn’t live without me,” she said and bopped out of the storage room.

She was right, she was too important to the business and to him on a personal level for him to fire her. She was also right that he was a legend. There were many satisfied women that would verify his legendary status. But things had changed. He had charmed many into his bed for a few weeks then moved on. There were also some women who continued to pursue a relationship because they wouldn’t accept the fact that while he was loving in bed, he didn’t do love or relationships. Noli Freeman was as far as possible from being one of those women.

Cooper wondered if his best friend, Jack, had known Noli was back but hadn’t told him. Then again, neither Jack nor Diane knew of the brief relationship between him and Noli so they would have no reason to update him on her. They didn’t know that he couldn’t do anything to keep her out of his mind. He’d not asked about her whereabouts but craved any information.

For the next hour he avoided the bar, even though it took him less than twenty minutes to finish stocking. He still refused to go out where she was. Instead he opted to go over some financial records, a task he’d been avoiding. That was preferable to giving her the satisfaction to say whatever it was she had come here to say. He hoped she’d get tired of waiting and just leave. After all, leaving was something she was an expert at doing.

On any other day he could do math in his head. Today he had to pull out the calculator and even that was somehow not adding the numbers up right. He gave up trying to concentrate on the task at hand and decided to give in. Confronting the source of his problem was the only way to solve it.



***

Noli had the taxi take her to Cooper’s house first. Her heart began to accelerate with each turn of the tires on the dusty road, but he wasn’t there. The taxi driver smiled wide as she paid a generous tip in addition to the three digit fare. When she arrived at his bar she was informed that he had run to a couple of suppliers to stock for the holiday weekend. The lunch crowd had dissipated so the bar was pretty empty as the staff prepared for the big New Year’s Eve crowd.

She wondered how long she would have to wait for Cooper to return. It didn’t matter how long she had to wait, because she would wait for as long as it took to talk to him. It had taken her months to build up the nerve to return and have this conversation with him, and she wasn’t going to leave until it was done. With each second that passed her resolve diminished and her anxiety increased. He wouldn’t greet her with open arms, and he was well justified in having less than warm regard for her. She was certain he’d like her even less once he’d heard what she came here to say.

To bide her time she sat and watched. She watched the TV, even though she couldn’t hear over the music playing through the speakers. She watched Kayla flirt her way to larger tips. She watched as another waitress poured half empty bottles of ketchup into other half empty bottles of ketchup. Noli smiled because she knew that was called marrying the ketchup. She watched as Trevor, one of the brawny bartenders, read a text message and left from behind the bar and headed out the door.

Noli was moving the few remaining shreds of cheese with her fork through the salad dressing residue on her plate when the door opened and Cooper walked through carrying a box. Seeing him again stole her breath just as much as the first time she saw him. His bulky muscles filled his shirt to capacity. It wasn’t his muscular physique that attracted her. It was the confidence of his smile and the laughter in his eyes that she could see even from across the room.

She noticed him long before he noticed her. Seeing him brought up a myriad of emotions. Part of her wanted to run and throw herself at his feet until he pulled her into his arms and kissed her because her transgression was forgiven. Another part of her wanted to hide behind a menu so he didn’t see her and she could just sneak out. There was still another part of her that was pulling out a mental sword and putting a shield in front of her heart to prepare her for the battle that was about to ensue.

When his eyes met hers, she gripped her glass tight. The smile that had crossed his face just moments before fell as soon as he saw her, which caused her heart to plunge. He stood at the door just staring at her. She couldn’t read the expression on his face and hoped her emotions were disguised by her neutral expression.

Trevor came and stood behind Cooper carrying a box as well. The other man’s presence forced Cooper to break their eye contact and move on. The bartender walked past her with the box in his hand but Cooper took the path furthest from her. Once again she was left with nothing to do but watch. Watch Cooper avoid coming near her and disappear into the back. Watch Trevor make several more trips outside and returned each time with a box. Watch the door to the back waiting for Cooper. He did not reemerge.



***



Cooper forced his feet to move towards her table. With each step closer he felt the anger that had been growing inside of him begin to wither. He knew that by time he was close enough to see the depths of her eyes or smell her sweet scent that it would vanish. For the sake of his sanity and his heart, he needed to remember that this was the woman that left him devastated just a few months ago. He put up a wall as he sat in the chair across from Noli with folded arms, not uttering a word. He just looked at her with cold, emotionless eyes and a raised eyebrow.

A hesitant smile crossed her face. “How are you?”

“You didn’t magically reappear all of a sudden just to ask how I am. I doubt that you even care at all. Why are you here, Noli?”

His words were harsh, but he still was taken at how beautiful she was. Sitting across the table from her he could see she’d made some changes. Her hair was a mass of thick curling corkscrews and her face was void of all makeup except the sheer red tint of gloss on her lips. A memory of the pleasure of kissing those lips interrupted his thoughts. He looked down at the table to stop his amorous thoughts from leading him down a path of ill decision. He tried to focus on the table but instead noticed that her cleavage seemed more apparent. In fact her breasts seemed much fuller than he remembered. He shifted in the seat to adjust the treacherous tightening of his pants.

“I do care how you are. There are a million reasons for me leaving, but I won’t bother you with them because they all sound like excuses. I know there’s no acceptable excuse for what I did. I would say I was sorry, but that doesn’t seem sufficient either. I’m not here to ask for your forgiveness, because I don’t deserve it.” She looked into the glass of water clasped in her hands instead of holding eye contact.

She seemed nervous and a bit distressed. He thought her eyes moistened with the threat of tears. Despite the anger at her return, he still wanted to reach out and comfort her. He didn’t give into that desire.

“That brings me to my previous question. Why are you here?”



***



This was more difficult than she thought it would be. He was using her nickname, which he’d never done. He’d always used her full name as if it was his special pet name for her. She longed to hear him say Magnolia. Cooper radiated anger and she didn’t blame him. She left without saying goodbye or even telling him she’d be gone. Her leaving hurt her just as much as it hurt him. The past few months had been miserable for her and she could only imagine how he felt. Though his negative image of her was justifiable, he was going to have to put that behind him. They needed to find amicable ground to stand on. It was the only way to deal with the issue at hand.

“I’m here because I have something to tell you.” She couldn’t bring herself to say the words.

“If it’s not excuses and not apologies, then what is it? What do you have to tell me?”

She reached out and touched his hand that was resting on the table, but he yanked it out of her grasp. “I know you don’t like me for the way I ended our relationship, but I’m afraid that when I tell you you’re going to hate me even more.”

“I don’t hate you at all, Noli.” Even though he was still using her nickname and not her full name as he usually did, for a brief moment she felt some relief and hope that he wouldn’t be angry. That spark of hope was doused by his next statement. “I don’t think enough of you to hate you. We didn’t have a relationship. You were just another girl in my bed, nothing more than a prolonged one night stand.”

His words stung and a tear finally fell from her brown eyes and rolled down her cheek. She thought she saw regret in his eyes but his continence didn’t change.

She put her face into her hands to hide the remaining tears that escaped. “This is so hard.”

“Why don’t you go away for a few more months and come back when it’s easier for you,” he said with venom in his voice as he stood to go.

“Wait,” she said and grabbed his arm to prevent him from returning to the back. He stopped and shot daggers into her slender fingers clasped around his arm. She followed his nonverbal command and removed her hand from him. “I can’t say it so I’ll just show you.” Noli inched her chair back from the table and stood in front of him. She watched as several emotions danced across his face finally settling on an angry confusion.

The words she’d been struggling to say shot from his mouth. “You’re pregnant!” He grabbed her hand and began to walk her to his office. She snagged her purse with the fingertips of her other hand, but failed to grab the coat she’d used to conceal her belly up until this point. She struggled to keep up with his wide strides as he rushed through the almost empty bar. Every eye there was on them until he slammed the door.

Cooper paced back and forth, cutting a glance at the seated Noli every few seconds. She just sat there, too afraid to say a word, watching him with her head following back and forth like a spectator at a tennis match.

“Is it mine?”

She hadn’t expected the question, but it didn’t make it hurt any less. He had to know she could not have moved on so quickly. “It is yours, but don’t be alarmed. I’m not expecting anything of you.”

“Don’t be alarmed!” he shouted. He shook his head and leaned against his desk. “She says don’t be alarmed,” he said to himself. “Wait, what do you mean you don’t expect anything of me?”

“I mean that I just didn’t want you to not know. I mean I wanted you to know, because you not knowing would be wrong.”

The anger in his eyes pierced her at the core. She took several shallow breaths unable to pull a much needed full breath. When she could finally get air in she spoke. “I’m trying to say I just thought you should know you’re going to be a father, but I’m not expecting you to be a daddy.”

“Were you planning on coming here, dropping this bomb and being a ghost again?”

She hunched a shoulder. Her plan was to tell him. She had not allowed herself to think beyond that. There was no certainty in how he would react. Perhaps he would be satisfied with knowing he was a father and seeing his child on the occasional picture posted online. She knew he wouldn’t go for not being part of his child’s life, deep down inside, that’s why she was here. Though she was fighting it, there was something in her screaming for a family— her, the baby, and Cooper.

“You have to be almost due.”

“I have about another month.”

“Were you going to leave before or after the baby was born?”

“I was planning on having the baby in Indy.”

He came and kneeled down in front of her. He placed his hands on her rounded belly. A smile appeared on his face as he felt his child move.

“Do you know what we’re having?”

“No, I don’t know what I’m having.”

The angry scowl returned, replacing the smile. “Why do you hate me?”

She covered his hands resting on her belly. “I don’t hate you.”

“It sure seems that way. First you leave with no explanation, knowing that that’s exactly what my father did. Then you come here on the verge of delivery just to tell me you want me to abandon my child the same way my father did me. You have to hate me to hurt me on purpose as much as you do.”

“I don’t hate you. I’m not trying to hurt you. It pains me to see you hurt and know I’m the one that caused it.” She reached out and touched his face.

He leaned in to the feel of her touch. “Why did you leave?”

“I couldn’t stay, Cooper. I just couldn’t.” She moved her hands to her chest and grimaced. Magnolia leaned all the way back in the chair and fanned herself. Her breaths were shallow and frequent because there was a pain that kept her from taking a deep breath. It felt like a heart attack, but she knew it was a panic attack. “I was overwhelmed,” she said between gasps.

“What was overwhelming? It was the best months of my life, followed by the worst.” She was still clutching her chest. “Are you okay?”

She closed her eyes and nodded.

“Let me get you some water.”

Noli knew the water wouldn’t help because this was mental and not physical, but she accepted it anyway. She drank half of the bottle then sat it on the table.

“I’ve felt different all day. Probably because I was nervous about coming here.”

He was back on his knees in front of her with his hands on her belly.

“Your stomach is harder than it was before.”

“It’s been feeling that way for a few hours.” Noli replied through clenched teeth, as she gripped the sides of the chair with her hands to help ease the pain unbearable pain.

“Are you sure you’re okay?”

“I’m sure.”

“Good. Then we can discuss our next steps. I can think of three options to our situation. One, you take the baby and I see her every now and again. Two, I keep the baby and you see him whenever you’re not traveling. Option one isn’t fair to me. You know I can’t just let you leave and take our child. You know that right? And two isn’t fair to you.”

“You’re right, neither of those options are fair. What’s three? We share custody and I move close, like maybe Indy?” It had been the logical and preferred choice to her.

He shook his head. “Option three, we get married.”

She rocketed out of the chair, throwing him off balance for a moment. That wasn’t an option. Marriage was until death do you part and she couldn’t fathom someone else close to her dying. “Married. That’s not an option.” Her hand began to rub her belly.

He stood to tower over her. “Why not? It’s the fairest. It’s fair to you because you won’t have to endure raising our child alone. It’s fair to me because I’ll get to be a constant and active part of my child’s life. Our baby will benefit from having both parents.”

“We don’t have to get married for the child to benefit from both of us. The idea of marriage for the child’s sake is antiquated. People don’t do that anymore. Plus, what are the chances of a marriage surviving based on nothing more than shared lineage?” She tried without success to get enough air.

“There’s more than the baby. We were good together. No, we are great together. No one in my life has ever made me…” he paused, and a look she didn’t recognize crossed his face. “No woman’s made me feel the way you make me feel about you, Magnolia.”

For the first time that night he’d used her full name like he used to. She’d missed that. She’d missed him.

“And we have excellent chemistry, both in and out of the bed,” he continued.

He caressed her neck with his fingers. She wondered if he could feel her rapid pulse.

“We can’t base a marriage on getting along well, awesome sex, and a baby.” She closed her eyes and leaned into his touch.

He pulled her closer and whispered in her ear. “Most successful marriages are based on those three things.” He pulled her as close as her pregnant belly would allow and nibbled on her ear. “The sex was awesome.”

“What about love? Isn’t that supposed to be part of a marriage?”

“Yes, it is. And there’s a lot of love. You love when I do this.” He caressed her back. “And I love this.” His hand moved lower until he reached her bottom and squeezed it. “And we both love this.” He lowered his mouth to hers and finally kissed her.

She’d wanted to feel his lips on hers since the moment he walked into the bar. Her memories didn’t do justice to the way his kiss felt.

She let out a soft moan. Then a loud groan as she pushed back away from the kiss and grabbed her stomach. She blew out a long breath and a high pitched sound that could have perked the ears of every dog in the county. She reached out for his hand and squeezed it tight. “Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Mmmmm. Holy cow that hurt.”

“Are you okay?”

She nodded. “It’s passing.”

“Noli, was that a contraction? Are…are you in labor?” he stuttered.

“I think it’s just a Braxton Hicks.”

“What kind of hick?”

“Braxton Hicks, it’s like a fake contraction. A book said they sometimes happen the closer you get to the actual due date.”

“Are you sure? That didn’t look fake. Do we need to get you to the hospital?”

“No. I’m fine.” She realized her hand was still in his. “Thank you. Sorry I hurt your hand.”

His smile made another appearance. “You didn’t hurt me. You could squeeze my hand off if it helps, even a little. Do you want to do this by yourself? Labor is just the beginning. You want to take care of a baby by yourself? Do you want to raise a child by yourself? My mother will tell you it’s not easy. Why do it alone when we can do it together, as a team?”

“Can’t we be a team and not be married?”

“We could. This baby changes things. It raises the stakes. I need more than just your agreement to teamwork. I need a commitment and marriage is just that.”

She took a step away from him and knocked into the table. The bottle of water fell, spilling water on the floor. Cooper turned to get a small towel that was sitting on his desk. Noli grimaced as the puddle on the floor continued to grow. Her brown eyes widened. “Cooper, I don’t think that was a Braxton Hicks.”

“Why not?” He turned back towards her. The puddle on the floor was much larger than what could be accounted for by the contents of the knocked over bottle.

“Because my water just broke.”





Chapter 1




PART ONE: Eleven Months Earlier



As the plane began to descend, Noli’s heart rate began to climb. It wasn’t because she hated flying or landing. It had been more than a year since she’d left Indiana. This was the state that she was born and raised in, her home state. But she felt no comfort here because this was also the place where her world fell apart. It was here on a stretch of I-65 that a semi blew its tires and the driver lost control, hitting her parent’s car. Their death wasn’t instantaneous, but they did die before she could say goodbye.

After their joint funeral, she tried to live in the house she grew up in without them, but it was impossible. Memories were everywhere she went. There were pictures on every horizontal and most vertical surfaces. The large mug that her father used to feed his caffeine addiction, sat in the dish rack never to be used again. One of the slippers her mother would always misplace and walk all over the cold hardwood floors to find peeked out from under the sofa. Her mother’s car still sat in the garage, alone, as if it were waiting on its mate to pull in next to it.

Many people had told her to concentrate on the good times and be grateful for their time together. She was grateful for the almost twenty-three years they shared, but knowing no new memories would be made pained her. It was the pain the memories caused that she ran from.

The only reason she was returning now was that her cousin, Diane, begged her to come. There wasn’t anything she wouldn’t do for her because even though they were cousins, they were close like sisters. It was that closeness that brought her back. Otherwise, she’d still be wandering all over the country and parts of the world.

When she reached the sidewalk near the pickup lane with her many bags she saw her cousin immediately. Diane considered being early as being there on time. If she was on time, she considered herself late. If her cousin was late… well, her cousin was never late. It balanced Noli, who was rarely on time and never early.

“Princess Di!” Noli said when Diane got out the car. She had taken to calling her cousin the nickname because she considered her uncle’s wife as the Queen of Mean.

“Noli!”

Her usually non-physical cousin pulled her into an embrace. She held onto her cousin tightly for a few moments. She hadn’t realized how much she’d missed her until she saw her.

“How much did you pay in baggage fees?” her ever practical cousin asked.

“Too much. These bags have been across the country and around the world with me. Each place I’ve visited has added another bag.”

“Will you be going home after the wedding?”

Noli paused, lost in her thoughts. She didn’t know where home was. The house she was raised in was just that now, a house. It was her parents love for each other and her that made it a home. Without them, she felt homeless. Her eyes watered for a moment before she pushed the tears back down and locked them in the vault with all the other unshed sadness. “I doubt it. Uncle Robert is taking good care of the house.”

Diane was always intuitive and changed the subject. “Are you ready to plan a wedding?”

Thoughts of playing a role in making her cousin’s special day special changed her mood. “I’m ready to plan an urban-chic-country wedding for you and this random guy you met on the side of the road.” Noli couldn’t believe when she got a call from her cousin requesting her assistance in planning a wedding to a man she’d just met a couple of months ago, when he rescued her from a stranded car on the side of the road during a snowstorm. It was especially shocking since up until the fateful day of her car troubles, Diane had been engaged to a doctor in Chicago.

“He’s not some random guy. Wait, did you say urban-chic-country?”

“Exactly. As soon as I get settled in the hotel, I’ll come show you what I already have in mind.” Ever since Noli learned how to tie off a balloon with no help, she’d been planning parties and celebrations.

“About the hotel, my fiancé’s mom said no family of hers was staying in a hotel when there was an empty bed in her house. I love you, but I didn’t want to fight that battle for you. Especially since I doubt I could win.”

“Not staying in a hotel will be a good change,” Noli lied. The polite yet disassociated staff at hotels had grown into a comfort for her. There was little risk of forming any type of emotional investment with hotel staff. There was this one bed and breakfast that she stayed at until she started to care about the proprietor so, she left quicker than Speedy Gonzales. “Plus I’ll get a chance to catch up with my favorite cousin.” That part was true. For the most part her cousin led a boring life, and just when it got interesting Noli was incommunicado.

“I have a lot of ideas for the wedding.”

“That’s good, but I don’t want this wedding to have you so preoccupied you won’t have time to study for the bar exam.”

“You and momma are going to get along just fine. She said the same thing.”

“When did you start calling Aunt Catherine momma?”

“I was talking about my future mother in law. Speaking of my mother, she wanted me to tell you hello Magnolia,” she said putting emphasis on every syllable of the name.

Despite repeated attempts to get her aunt to call her anything but Magnolia, she refused. “You and Jack seem to be moving fast. Calling his mother momma. Getting engaged after just a month.”

Diane sighed. “Please don’t start Noli. I thought you’d be happy for me.”

“I am very happy for you. I can’t wait to meet Jack because he must be something special. I’m just amazed. A bit confused too. This is just so, so, spontaneous. It sounds like something I would do, not you.” Noli had always been considered the free spirited hare, whereas Diane was the slow, steady, and practical tortoise.

“All those years of you saying ‘come on let’s do it’ rubbed off on me. I guess I’ve changed. ”

“I’m sure I wasn’t the only one rubbing on you saying let’s do it. I’m sure Jack’s done plenty of…”

“Noli, that is so inappropriate!”

Noli laughed at her cousin’s embarrassment. “And Diane is back.”

As they pulled up to the farmhouse, a fifty something woman with gray hair walked out onto the porch. Noli got out the car and reached her hand out to the women smiling before her. “You must be Mrs. Sloan, it’s so good to meet you. Thank you for letting me stay here.”

“You’re just like Diane when I first met her, trying to shake hands and calling me Mrs. Sloan. Come here.” Noli found herself unexpectedly wrapped up in a warm, soft hug. It took her a moment, but she returned the embrace. “Oh Magnolia, did you catch a bug or something while you were traveling? You’re so thin. Or did you get tired of hotel food? I imagine you’ve seen more hotels than a high class hooker.”

“I, um, I have seen a lot of hotel rooms.” Noli was taken by surprise at the frankness of this woman. During her months of travel Noli had lost a considerable amount of weight. It had little, almost nothing to do with the quality of hotel food and more to do with her lack of interest in eating. She was also shocked that she found comfort in this stranger’s embrace. “Please call me Noli. Magnolia is my great grandmother.”

“And you call me Rose. Are you hungry?”

“No, I ate on the plane.”

“Magnolia, I mean Noli, you come on in and eat. Peanuts and half a can of soda are not a meal.” If Jack was anything like his mother, Noli could understand her cousin’s quick engagement because she was already a little bit in love with his mother. Rose’s aggressive yet pleasant affection was infectious.

A few minutes later Magnolia sat at the kitchen table eating the best homemade biscuit she’d ever had when two men walked in. They were both tall, but one had a few inches on the other and his solid wide build made the other man look rail thin. He was bigger than most men in both height and width. He was solid and had a thick full beard that extended from his mane. He reminded her of Paul Bunyan, right down to the buffalo plaid shirt he was wearing over a long sleeve thermal shirt.

The smaller, and leaner one winked at Diane as he went up the stairs behind his larger companion. When the two men returned downstairs, it was easy for Noli to confirm which was Jack from the way he looked at Diane. Noli understood why her cousin was rushing to the altar and was a smidge jealous. She wondered if a man looked that good and looked at her that way, if she’d be saying ‘I do’ too. The thought was quickly squashed by the ever present fear of loving and having that love ripped away.

“Noli, this is my fiancé Jack,” Diane said grinning so wide that every tooth seemed visible. She didn’t think she’d ever seen her that happy before.

“Nice to meet you Jack.” Noli went to shake his hand but he pulled her into an embrace much like his mother had.

“Magnolia, thank you for coming to plan our wedding,” Jack said then released her from the embrace. “Diane’s said Martha Stewart could learn a thing or two from you.”

“I’m happy to be here. I’d do anything for Diane, but she’s exaggerated my abilities. And by all means call me Noli. I have another six decades before Magnolia is age appropriate.”

“Noli, this is my buddy, Cooper.”

“It’s nice to meet you, Magnolia.”

The timbre of Cooper’s voice made Noli want to sigh. She attempted to just wave hello, but once again found arms encircling her. Rose’s hug felt cozy and soft, and Jack’s was warm, but Cooper’s was electrifying. She felt comfort, safety, and desire in his arms. No hug had ever made her feel so many things. She didn’t want it to end and perhaps he hadn’t either because it lasted a little longer than appropriate for strangers. Or maybe it just seemed that way because of the effect it had on her.

“It’s nice to meet you, Cooper but I prefer Noli.”

“I prefer Magnolia. It’s a beautiful name from a lovely flower and well suited for a beautiful and lovely woman.”

There was silence for a moment because Noli didn’t know how to respond to him and she was a bit mesmerized by the green flecks she saw in his hazel eyes. She looked to Diane for help but was rewarded with a raised shoulder.

“Noli, Cooper has volunteered a space for the wedding,” Diane said rescuing her at last. “Maybe after dinner we can go check it out.”

“I was hoping to spend some time with you after dinner,” Jack said smiling at Diane.

“You two spend some time together,” Rose said. “We can go look at it after I clean up.” She looked at the clock and snapped her fingers. “No I can’t, I’m supposed to call my sister in a half hour. You can borrow my car though.”

Diane must have seen the panic in Noli’s eyes. “It can be easy for us city girls to get lost out here. Every dirt road looks the same, especially in the dark.”

That’s one of the reasons Noli loved her cousin so much, she was always willing to act as a buffer or cover for her. She did not want to tell total strangers that the thought of her getting behind the wheel of a car made her feel like she was having a heart attack.

“Maybe Cooper can take you over to look at it. Would you mind, Cooper?” Jack said, not ready to relinquish time with his fiancé.

“I’m game if she is,” Cooper said.

Noli looked at the couple and didn’t want to deprive them of time together. “Sure, that sounds good,” she said uncertain of that decision. She had never been attracted to that much facial hair, but there was something about Cooper that could make spending time alone with him problematic.

***

Cooper made sure to end up seated next to Magnolia at the table. Her flawless and smooth deep brown skin, and bright round brown eyes intrigued him. When he hugged her, he hadn’t wanted to let go. Holding her had been like holding a missing piece of himself. It caught him off guard that he was attracted to her. He usually went for curvier women, but something had interested him the moment he saw her.

Throughout the meal he picked up some facts about her. She was single, a recent college graduate with a degree in art history, and had been traveling for the past few months. Her nomadic tendencies made her even more appealing because he wasn’t the settling down type and she didn’t seem to be either.

“Magnolia, you ready to go?” Cooper continued to use her full name because thought it suited her better and because each time he said it there was an angry flash in her eyes that looked quite similar to passion.

“Yes, Paul, I am.”

“My name’s Cooper,” he said confused.

“I know, but I prefer Paul because you look more like Paul Bunyan than a Cooper.” It was a good chance those words were meant to hurt, but he couldn’t help bursting out in an uproarious laugh that almost drowned out Jack’s chuckle.

Diane just narrowed her eyes shook her head before she said, “I was thinking more Grizzly Adams.”

“When I first saw him like this I thought Wolfman Jack,” Rose chimed in. “But now that you say it, he’s just an ax away from Paul Bunyan.”

“When I met Jack, he had a mullet.”

“A Mullet? Like if Billy Ray Cyrus had been frozen and thawed out mullet?”

“Exactly. He explained that he’d lost a bet with his friend. That,” she said pointing at Cooper, “is the result of him losing a bet.”

“What was the bet?”

“Oh they won’t tell. I don’t care. I just know that Jack’s best man will be well groomed in my wedding photos,” Diane said.

Cooper tapped his arm against Magnolia’s. “Come on. Let’s go.”

“Don’t keep her out too late,” Rose said

“Yes ma’am,” Cooper responded.

“No making bets with her either,” Diane said.

“Yes ma’am,” Cooper repeated.

Magnolia leaned towards Diane and whispered. “Should I be worried about going off with him?”

“Have you ever worried about venturing out into the great unknown?”

“For once in my life, yes.”





Chapter 2




Cooper opened the door and followed Magnolia out to his truck where he opened that door for her. “Here, let me help you up.”

“No thank you. It’s a big truck, but I’ve handled bigger,” she said with a sly smile.

Cooper wasn’t sure, but it seemed like she was flirting with him, and he liked it. He waited for her to be seated so he could close her door. He dashed around the front to the driver’s side and hopped into his seat in one fluid movement. He started the truck and Linkin Park blasted out of the speakers.

“Sorry about that.” He lowered the volume. “Feel free to turn.”

“I like this song. What’s this place you’re offering? Tell me about it.”

“It’s not much, but Diane said you could work your magic and make something out of it.”

“Is it at your house?”

“No. My apartment ain’t big enough to cuss a cat in. It’s a structure we own that’s just kind of a big empty space that I thought would work well to hold the reception.”

“Who’s we?” she asked feeling unwanted jealousy at the thought he had a girlfriend or wife.

“My family. Well just me and my mother, that’s the entirety of my family,” Cooper said.

They drove for a few more moments. “This is my bar. Let’s park here and walk over,” he said.

She looked up at the sign. “The Smithery? Was ‘The Bar’ already taken?”

“Magnolia,” he said her name with more emphasis than was necessary, “you get hung up on names don’t you?” He smiled at her expression. “It’s named The Smithery because a long time ago, that’s exactly what it was. It was the location of a blacksmith’s shop. There was a fire that burned it down. Legend has it that when the owner rebuilt, he made it into a bar because after the fire he needed a stiff drink more than he needed a horseshoe. ”

“That’s a fascinating story. There’s lots of little places with weird names and great back stories in Europe.”

“What were you doing in Europe?”

“Just traveling.”

“You’re one of those,” Cooper said with some disdain.

“One of those what?”

“One of those people that backpack across countries they can’t speak the language of while they try to find themselves.”

“One, I was not trying to ‘find myself’.” His assumption was ironic because she was in fact trying to lose herself, forget who she was and what she’d lost. “Two, I was not backpacking. You should know that since you carried in some of my many bags.”

“Many, very heavy bags.”

“Nothing should be heavy to you with all that muscle.”

“You noticed my muscles.” He smiled.

“You kept flexing them at dinner, it was pretty difficult to ignore.”

“I wasn’t flexing, that’s just the way they look.”

“AND three, for the most part I could speak the language. I speak Spanish fluently so I was just fine in Spain. I had picked up a bit of Portuguese when I was in Brazil, so I had few problems in Portugal. Likewise, the French I’d learned in Quebec served me well in both France and Switzerland. I was learning Italian in Florence when Diane requested my assistance. I also somehow managed to get by with the language barrier in Ireland, Scotland, Wales, and England.”

“I apologize, I didn’t know you were a polyglot.”

“I didn’t know your English was so proficient as to know such a fancy word.”

“Ouch.”

“You deserve it for making an assumption about me. By definition I’m not a polyglot. I’m fluent in two languages, English and Spanish, which makes me bilingual. I speak the other two enough to get by.”

“Did you come back from Europe just for Diane?”

“Yeah.”

“You’re a good cousin. Are you going back after the wedding or are you going to stay.”

“I’m not sure what my next move is.”

“Well, here we are.”

It was a two story wooden structure with a covered wraparound porch. The wood was weathered with only remnants of paint remaining. There was a set of French doors at the top of the stone steps. Noli pulled out her tablet and snapped a picture then they walked up the steps and followed the porch around. There were windows high on the side wall. At the back there was a huge barn style sliding door. The porch on that side of the building stepped down to a large patio enclosed with a stacked stone wall. Not too far from the barn like structure was a mature tree with thick twisting and turning branches, and some of the roots were partially exposed where the nearby small pond had eroded away some of the dirt.

“You call this not much?” Noli asked. She was still snapping pictures and pausing to add notes between each shot.

“I just meant it needs a great deal of work before it’s suitable for a reception.”

“Well I think it’s a real gem. With a little elbow grease it will be a sparkling diamond.”

“Elbow grease? You don’t seem like the manual labor type.”

“You’ve made a lot of assumptions about me in the few hours you’ve known me.”

“You’re just so small and dainty and well-dressed which says pampered, not hard working.”

Her eyes narrowed. “Oh, we’re making character assessments based on looks are we? Well you must not be that intelligent. Sorry, intelligent is a fancy word for smart. It’s common knowledge that anyone that works out as much as you, does it to compensate for not being too bright. You work these muscles,” she said jabbing his bicep with her index finger, “because the muscle in here doesn’t work.” She tapped the side of his forehead to indicate his brain.

“That’s the second time you’ve mentioned my muscles. You want a ticket to the gun show don’t you?” His eyes were bright with humor.

“Seriously? I call you dumb and you hear me talking about your body? I was just joking, but perhaps you are lacking a few brain cells.”

“So what, you think I’m an idiot. I know I’m not and that’s all that matters.”

“I didn’t say I think you’re an idiot. I suspect you’re quite smart. I was making a point about judging people based on mere appearance.”

“I didn’t mean to upset you. If I offended you, I’m sorry.”

She broke out into laughter. “I’m just messing with you. I don’t look like I’d lift a finger to do more than pick up a latte. Looks can be deceiving.”

“You’re right. A little thing like you looks like she’d be sweet and kind. That’s quite deceiving.”

“I am kind. My sweetness has to be earned and right now you’re working at a deficit. And why do you keep calling me little? I’m not little.”

“Yes you are.”

“I’m 5’4”, which is the average height for a woman. How tall are you?”

“I’m 6’7”.”

“The average male in the U.S. is only 5’10”. I’m average. You my friend, are a giant.”

“Your height may be average, but what about your weight? How much do you weigh?”

“Did you just ask me my weight? You may never earn my sweetness. Let’s go inside.”

They walked back up the patio and headed back towards the front along the side of the building they hadn’t seen yet. There were several plywood gothic arches on either side of a chimney.

“Please don’t let looks be deceiving now. Are those floor to ceiling arched windows?” Noli asked.

“Yes.”

Noli jumped up and down, clapping her hands. She grabbed his hand and ran to the front, dragging him behind her. Her hand in his sent a tingle of excitement through him. “You’re excited about windows.”

“Yes I am.”

He pulled the keys out. He was about to put one into the lock when the excited look on her face caught his eye. The way she bit her bottom lip made him wonder what it would feel like to kiss her, pulling her lip between his teeth. The thought made him drop the keys. “I guess I’m too stupid to even open a door.”

“Stop teasing me. I have to see what those windows look like.”

He picked the keys up and slid it into the lock but before he turned it he said, “Close your eyes.”

“Just unlock the door.”

“Not until you close your eyes.” She reached for the key but he stepped in her way. “Please.”

She threw her head back. “Fine,” she said exasperated as she closed her eyes.

He wanted to reveal the windows to her so he could feel like he somehow had something to do with her excitement. He stepped behind her and covered her eyes just to be sure she couldn’t see. His other hand went around her waist. Maybe he was a bit of a giant, but she was little and dainty even though she proclaimed to be average. His hand spanned most of the length of her torso. “Watch your step, we’re crossing the threshold.” Once inside he flipped the switch to turn the lights on and removed his hand. “Okay. Open your eyes.”

She gasped in excitement. A stone fireplace sat in the middle of the wall, flanked on each side with the windows that had captured her attention on the outside. They were even more spectacular than she’d guessed. The fifteen foot tall arched windows were made of various sized, shaped, and colored hand blown glass. They were an absolute work of art. Once again, she began snapping shot after shot of the windows. “I can’t believe you’ve got these boarded up. I can only imagine how beautiful these would be with the sun shining through them.”

He hadn’t even glanced at the windows. He instead watched her. He got some weird kind of enjoyment at just seeing her happy. “They’re boarded up to protect them. I’ll work first thing in the morning getting the wood outside removed.”

“That would be great. This place is great. It’s perfect. This place is perfect,” she rambled as many thoughts raced through her head. “I have so many ideas and I can’t wait to get started.”

“Do you love weddings?”

“I haven’t been to enough to say that. I like planning. Having ideas and seeing them come to fruition excites me. I planned my first party at four. I didn’t plan it alone. My mother helped me, but she let me make the important decisions like color and food.”

“What was the party for?”

“It was a gallery opening for my first and last showing.”

“A gallery opening?”

“Yes, I was quite the artist. Mostly abstract. The gallery was an old clothesline in the backyard. That gives me an idea.” She began to type on her tablet again.

He found her fascinating. She was beautiful, and feisty, and smart. She had the same sparkle in her deep brown eyes now that was there when she was giving him havoc. It was passion. He rather liked that he evoked passion in her.

He had to remind himself that this intriguing spitfire of a woman was the cousin to his best friend’s fiancée, which made her off limits for him. He’d seen Diane angry, and would hate to be on the receiving end of her wrath for hurting her cousin. That’s all he would do, hurt Magnolia, because that was his track record. He’d give in to the temptation of an attraction then break it off when it got in the same hemisphere as something serious.

“What are all of those?”

“Barrels,” he said not giving her a useful answer.

She rolled her eyes again. “Why are you giving me a hard time?”

“Most women enjoy when I give them a hard time.”

Her eyes widened for a second and he knew that if her skin were lighter she’d be blushing.

“The barrels, what’s in the barrels?”

He knew the frustration in her voice was manufactured. She enjoyed going toe to toe with him as much as he was getting a kick out of it. “Beer and soda.”

“You brewed all of this?”

“Yep.”

“So you actually have a useful skill?”

He walked right in front of her. He bent right next to her. It was dangerous how close his lips were to brushing against her ear. “Oh Magnolia, I’m a very skillful man.”

She took a deep swallow and turned to him. Their mouths were a hair apart. “I said useful skill. The one skill you’ve demonstrated thus far is the ability to annoy.”

He looked her in the eye for a moment then smiled his big bright smile. “I’d be glad to give you a demonstration of my other skills anytime you want.”

Her eyes darted across his face as she held her breath for a moment. She took a step back and turned away from him. “Is that what this place is for? To hold the barrels?”

He smiled, knowing that he had gotten as much under her skin as she’d gotten under his. “No, this place was around long before I started brewing.”

“Is it as old as the forge turned bar?”

He smirked. “No, it’s not as old as the bar. This was built by my grandfather in the 70’s. It was supposed to be the tasting room for the winery.”

She returned her attention to him. “What winery?”

“My grandfather was trying to reestablish the family winery.”

“Reestablish?” Noli asked.

“This was a winery, a long time ago.”

“I feel like a dentist trying to pull teeth. Why won’t you tell me the story behind this place?”

“No one likes to talk about failures, even if it’s not theirs.”

“The true failure is to give up before you try. I admire your grandfather for trying.”

“If you must know, my great, great…some ancestor of mine settled here in 1813. At that time, the Ohio River Valley part of Indiana was one of the largest wine producing regions in the country,” Cooper explained. “My family was among the families that produced the wine and it remained that way up until 1920.”

“That’s the year prohibition started right.”

“Exactly. You can imagine that a family that’s been making wine for generations didn’t adjust too well to not being able to do that anymore. The best part was that they resisted at first. All their wine was destroyed and much of the vineyard was somehow burned. It didn’t take long before they were forced to sell off a great part of the land. What remained was the house, the building where the bar is, the orchard, and another few dozen acres.”

“There’s an orchard?”

“Yeah.”

“A functional orchard?”

“If by functional you mean there are trees that grow apples, then yes.” He saw that glint of excitement in her eyes again. He liked that she found enjoyment in windows and apple orchards.

“I meant do you sell the apples to stores, or at a farmer’s market, or on the side of the road?”

“No, we don’t sell them. I use them for brewing.”

“Sorry, I sidetracked you from this place’s story.”

“My great grandfather died during prohibition. When it ended, my great grandmother didn’t have the will or desire to restart the vineyard on the remaining acres. When she remarried, her new husband began to farm the land with traditional crops. She ran the bar.”

Cooper continued on, “Fast forward a few decades, more land had been sold, my grandfather was running the bar with my grandmother, my mom was in high school, and Indiana was having a winery rebirth. My grandparents decided they would revive the family tradition. They hired a vintner from California, started growing grapes, and built this building.” He went silent, as though he was done.

“A vintner is a winemaker right?” she asked. He nodded in response. “So what happened next? That all sounds very promising? How did this end up as a beautiful barrel warehouse?”

“Short version, the vintner married my mom and knocked her up. My grandmother died leaving my grandfather broken hearted. A drought hit, destroying the crops before they were producing quality grapes for wine. After a few years of struggling with no real success, the vintner went back to California or God knows where. My mom had to take a job to take care of me. My grandfather lost the fight to see his dreams become reality. He gave up making wine and decided to go back to just selling it.”

She touched his bicep. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know the story was so personal. Thank you for sharing it with me.”

“It’s not really personal. It’s not about me.” Her hand was still on his arm. The heat from her touched penetrated through his wool jacket.

“But the vintner from California was your father.”

“He was little more than a sperm donor. My memory of that man is vague at best. Jack’s dad was more of a father to me. ‘Put-It-On-My-Tab’ Sullivan was more of a father and the only advice he ever gave me was to never sit on a stool when you’re drinking because you might fall off. He told me that when I was picking him up from the floor.”

She placed her other hand on his other arm, her face still held concern. “But he was your father. It had to have some effect on you. Did you ever hear from him after he left? Did he at least visit you?”

“Can we talk about something else?” It was difficult to keep the pain out of his voice when he was looking into her sympathetic eyes. Something deep inside him wanted to tell her all of his story. She threaded her hands under his arms and looped her hands around his back. Her arms were just long enough to reach all the way around him, but when she pulled him into her he felt enveloped by her.

“What are you doing?” Cooper asked.

“I’m giving you a hug. You need one.”

“No, I don’t.”

“Well I do, so hug me back or you’re going to make me mad.”

He wrapped his arms around her and held her tight against him. She rested her head on his chest.

“Why do you need a hug?”

“It sucks living without a dad.”

He heard her voice trembled at the last word, that’s when he remembered her parents had died in a car accident not too long ago. She did need a hug. He felt her body shake with a silent sob. He kissed the top of her head, which made her cry more. He lifted her head to verify she was crying and wiped away one of the tears.

“I’m sorry,” she said not looking him in the eye.

“Don’t be.” He rested her head back on his chest. “I understand.”

And he did. The reason for the loss may be different, but Cooper understood not having a parent. Not having either had to be worse. He wished he knew the words to heal her pain, but he didn’t. Normally he’d run as fast as he could from a woman in tears, but Noli made him want to hold her until her pain was gone. Her tear streaked face made him want to kiss her until all the bad thoughts were gone. Kiss her until she couldn’t think anymore. But he just held her in his arms. Holding her relieved some of his pain from his own deep scars.





Chapter 3




Noli couldn’t believe she’d just started crying about her parents in front of a total stranger. Well, calling him a total stranger was an exaggeration. She didn’t like him well enough to be crying on his shoulder, but she was and she was comforted. The man that had antagonized her from the first minute they met, was holding her and had just said he understood her unwarranted emotional outburst and she believed him. It had been months since she last cried. Something about the fact that a man who’d abandoned his child lived, when a loving and dedicated father like hers was dead, sent her over the edge.

She thought she should feel embarrassed by her emotional display, but she wasn’t. It was something about the way he looked in her eyes when he wiped her tears away. She couldn’t quite explain it. She didn’t see judgment or pity, just warmth. His embrace comforted her where others had not. She felt safe and protected in his arms. Although, she did wonder if he could crush her on accident by flexing his muscles. He was in fact a giant.

“What are you doing?”

“Seeing how much I can make my fingers overlap around your freakishly large back.”

He laughed his deep rumbling laugh. “I take it you’re better now?”

“I am. Thank you.”

“No problem. Anytime.”

She unwrapped her arms from him and stepped back. She wiped the tears from her face and examined her hands for mascara. “So, tell me more about your brewing.” She needed to change the subject and the mood.

“You don’t use your mouth to talk about brewing, you use it to taste what’s been brewed. Let’s go grab a beer, we could both use one.”

“Sounds good, just give me a second to fix this,” she said pointing a finger around her face.

“It looks good.”

They didn’t say a word as they walked to the bar and watched the sun begin its descent in the distance. They were each lost in their thoughts. Noli’s bounced around from her parents, to his father, to wondering what all that muscle would look like with no shirt on. Then she mentally chastised herself because she shouldn’t be thinking about him like that. The thought of him shirtless still made her blood warm. She reminded herself that she was only here for the wedding then she’d likely be gone somewhere far away. It wouldn’t be prudent to give in to this attraction. She’d have to put him out of her mind, she was good at doing that.

“Find a place for us to sit, I’ll get the drinks,” he said when they entered the bar.

“Since we’re drinking I’ll try and find chairs, not stools.”

“I hadn’t planned on us drinking that much.”

“I had, but if you’re a lightweight, we don’t have to,” she teased.

“That sounded like a challenge, but I doubt a little girl would challenge a grown man to a drinking contest.”

She crooked her finger to get him to lean closer. “This little girl drank German men under the table during Oktoberfest, so when you find a grown man I’ll drink him under the table too.” She walked away before he could respond. She couldn’t stop herself from flirting with him. If she couldn’t control herself sober, perhaps she shouldn’t drink.

Noli found a table and put the purse in the chair next to her, hanging her purse on the back. As she waited for him to bring the drinks, she studied the bar. The floors were cobble stone, and the whitewashed walls contrasted against the dark wood of the exposed wall and ceiling beams. High on the wall by the door hung rusted hammers, tongs, chisels and other forging tools. The bar appeared to be held up by an anvil sitting on a block on each end. The wall behind the bar was brick with a large arch that looked to have been an oven, but now had barrels stacked in it.

Each barrel had words stenciled on them in white and a tap coming from between a horse shoe affixed to the barrel. On either side of the arch were wooden shelves which held up with horseshoe shaped brackets and various bottles of liquor. In fact horseshoes were everywhere, making this possibly the luckiest place on earth. That gave Noli another idea for the wedding.

She sketched into her tablet two intertwined horseshoes with the words “lucky in love” underneath them. She noted these could be napkins or maybe the couple’s dessert plates. A waitress walked up wearing a white t-shirt with the blue logo of a blacksmith hammering a horseshoe on an anvil.

“Hi, my name is Kayla. What can I get for you?” The waitress was a bit younger than Noli, with pale freckled skin, natural red hair and a welcoming friendly smile that seemed genuine.

“Thank you, but I’m here with Cooper, he’s at the bar getting our drinks now.”

Her smile seemed to drop a fraction knowing that Cooper was here with her. Kayla turned to the bar where Cooper and the bartender were in fact drafting beers. The waitress’ smile brightened again when she looked their way. “Well, just let me know if you need anything.”

“Actually, if you can have Cooper bring me an ice water when he brings the drinks, I’d appreciate it.”

“I sure will.” She walked over to the bar and said something to Cooper that made him and the other man laugh. Cooper said something back that made her throw her head back in laughter. Noli wished she was closer so she could hear the exchange. She wondered what the relationship was between Cooper and the much more well-endowed woman. Crap, she was jealous again. That was no good because she was here to plan someone else’s wedding, nothing more.

Cooper came back with a tray of mugs with various liquids in shades from gold to deep brown. “I thought this would be a good start.” He sat next to her instead of across from her which she liked.

Noli made a point of looking at her watch. “It’s getting kind of late. Maybe you should take me back to the Sloan’s house.”

“Maybe you’re scared.”

She froze, startled that maybe he’d picked up on her being attracted to him. The truth was she was afraid of how much she liked him in just the few hours she’d known him. “It’s just getting late. There’s nothing for me to be afraid of.”

“I’ll take you back.” She stood and gathered her purse and coat. “But first you have to say ‘Cooper is a grown man and I am just a little girl that said I could handle him when I knew he was too much man for me.’”

She sat her purse back down and threw her coat over it. “I will say no such thing.” She picked up one of the drinks and chugged it down. “I’m about to show you that this little girl isn’t made of sugar and spice. Let’s do this.” She slammed the mug on the table to emphasize her point and plopped back into her seat. She’d get satisfaction from proving he’d underestimated her.

He leaned back and smiled at her before lifting his mug to his lips and taking a long slow sip. “We can do this, or anything else you want to do, but you should take your time drinking that. You shouldn’t chug.”

“I’m fully capable of determining how I should drink.” Noli knew he was right, but there was something in her that found immense joy in arguing against everything he said.

“I’m sure you are, but that’s a handcrafted beer. It’s meant to be drank slowly to appreciate the complexity of its flavor, not chugged like some cheap mass produced beer only college students drink.”

“Then get me another to enjoy.”

He didn’t follow her instructions. “Here, drink the rest of mine.” He sat his drink in front of her.

“I don’t want that. I don’t know where your lips have been.”

“I know where I’d like to put them.”

She picked the drink up and took a sip. If her lips were occupied he wouldn’t be able to put his lips where he wanted them, on hers. “Umm, you’re right. This is meant to be enjoyed. Let’s make this interesting, how about a bet?”

“I was told not to bet you.”

“You’re not betting me, I’m betting you.”

“What are the stakes?”

“If I win, you will provide the open bar for Diane and Jack’s reception.”

“And if I win?”

“I’ll let you put your lips where you want to.” Did she just say that? She did, but she had little chance of losing, especially if she drank enough water and went to the restroom about every twenty minutes.

“You’ve got a deal.” He lifted his glass and she did the same. Their glasses clinked, sealing their deal. She raised her glass to her lips and took another sip. “It tastes…” She took another sip. “It has a smoky taste to it.”

“That’s because it’s our smoked beer. The smoky flavor comes from the malted barley that’s dried over an open fire.”

“You did this?”

“Yeah, it was brewed here. The only place you can get that beer is here.”

“That’s a shame. This is some of the best beer I’ve ever had. You should sell this in stores.”

“That’s the plan. I’m working on getting the capital so we can produce greater quantities and distribute them at least throughout the state at first and someday throughout the Midwest.”

“Really?”

“Really. I hope to have Coppersmith’s Hand Forged Brews throughout the state by the end of next year. And to expand this place so that their still brewed on site. I want this to be more of a destination when tourist come to the county in the fall to view the leaves.”

His face looked like an excited child, except for the massive amount of hair that was all around it. “You’re passionate about this.”

“Grandpa had the dream of a winery, but that just wasn’t my dream. I didn’t have the passion for it. All that grape growing and soil composition just wasn’t my thing.”

Noli wondered how much of it not being his thing came from the fact that it was his father’s thing and his father had abandoned him. She wouldn’t go there. “I get it, wine’s not manly enough for you.”

He smiled but didn’t comment on her jab.

“When did you get started brewing?”

“In college. One summer when I was home, Grandpa dragged me to a winemaking store, he still made home wine on a small scale. The shop he went to sold beer brewing systems too. And Coppersmith Hand Forged Brews was born.”

“I like the name by the way. It’s a clever twist on your name.”

“That almost sounded like a compliment. It’s not just a play on my name. Some of the brews start out in copper pots.”

“Even more clever. Why do you call them brews and not beers?”

“Because I brew more than beer.”

“What else do you brew?”

“Non-alcoholic beverages. Cream soda, root beer, ginger beer, and apple beer.”

“Fassbrause!”

“Gesundheit.”

“I didn’t sneeze.”

“I know. I just wanted to speak German too. We don’t call it Fassbrause here, we just call it apple beer. It’s less pretentious.”

“Ow, I think that was another dig. I wasn’t trying to be pretentious. I was excited because I’d had fassbrause for the first time in Germany and loved it.”

Kayla returned to the table with the water Noli had long since forgotten about. “I’m so sorry. I totally forgot to have him bring you your water.” She noticed that Kayla’s smiling face was directed towards Cooper.

“No problem. Thank you.” Noli wondered again what the earlier humorous exchanged had been about.

The waitress remained at the table as though she were waiting on something. After a few seconds Cooper caught on to the non-verbal desires of the woman. “Magnolia, this is Kayla. Kayla, this is Jack’s future cousin-in-law. She’s here to help Diane plan the wedding.”

“I just love weddings!” She took the seat next to Cooper and across from Noli. “Do you have a theme yet? What about a color scheme? Cooper said the reception might be at the old wine tasting building where we age our brews. That’s a great space. What’re your ideas for it?” The words came out like the rapid fire from an automatic weapon loaded with bullets made of sunshine and bubbles.

She noticed Kayla said “we” and “our” when talking about the barrels of liquids aging in the other building. She wondered if the use of the plural pronouns covered everyone that worked at the Smithery or just Kayla and Cooper as in me and my boyfriend “we”. Noli’s jealousy was trying to keep her from liking this woman, but she couldn’t help but like her. She was friendly and her bubbly personality was kind of infectious.

“To answer your first question, yes we have a theme. It’s a mix of my cousin’s upscale style and her fiancé’s country style.”

“Oh, kind of Prada meets John Deere. I love it!”

“Answer two, I’ve just gotten into town and haven’t discussed a color scheme or any other details with Diane. Answer to question three, seeing that space inspired me with lots of ideas.”

“Well, like I said, I just love weddings. I’d be more than happy to help you get stuff together. I know how busy Diane is with studying for the bar and all.”

“Kayla, would you help me get a couple of apple beers?” His tone seemed a bit annoyed.

“Sure,” she said to Cooper narrowing her eyes for a moment before putting her bright smile back on her face and smiling at Noli. “It was real nice meeting you. Seriously, call me if you need any help. Cooper can give you my number.”

Before she could continue to ramble, Cooper took her by the elbow and ushered her away. Within seconds Cooper’s seat was taken by a middle aged woman, maybe in her early fifties. She had the same dark coloring as Cooper.

“Hi, I’m Daphne Smith, Cooper’s mom.” Noli took her extended hand into hers and shook it. “You must be Diane’s cousin, Magnolia.”

It was probably easy to figure that out since this was a small town and her arrival made the population of Blacks in residence double.

As if reading her mind Daphne explained, “Rose told me you’d be coming over with Cooper to see the place for the reception.”

“Yes, he just showed it to me.”

“Are you hungry?”

“No ma’am, I just had dinner.” Which she must have known since she’d talked to Rose. Were they trying to fatten her up like in Hansel and Gretel?

“Please, call me Daphne.”

“I sure will. And please, call me Noli.”

“Well, Noli, Jack is like my own flesh and blood, I want to help as much as I can with the wedding.”

“Diane, Rose, and I are getting together tomorrow morning for breakfast to start planning if you want to join us.”

“That sounds great. I’ve already told Cooper to help you with anything you need. If he gives you problems, just let me know,” Daphne said.

“I think I can handle him, but I’ll keep that in mind.” Noli felt awkward because Daphne just sat there and smiled at her for a moment. She didn’t like the silence. “Your son makes a great beer.” The other woman just nodded and continued to smile. Noli felt the need to fill the silence. “Cooper just went to get us a couple of apple beers. I had some when I was in Germany and I’m interested to see how his compares.” She knew she was rambling on like Kayla but couldn’t stop. “I’m sure it’ll be great. He may not have inherited the vintner gene from his father or grandfather, but he’s quite the Brewmeister.”

“He told you about his father?” Daphne said with a puzzled look on her face.

“He did.”

“Hmm, interesting.” There was an introspective expression on her face.

“He also told me the fascinating history of this place and how it got its name.”

Daphne raised an eyebrow. “The history of this place?”

“Yeah, it used to be an actual smithery, and then it burnt down and when the owner rebuilt it he said he needed a drink more than he needed a horseshoe and opened a bar.”

Daphne laughed. It sounded similar to Cooper’s just in a higher octave. Tears began to form in her eyes.

“That is a fascinating story, it’s also a lie. It used to be called Whitehall Tavern, but Cooper changed it when he began brewing beer. He thought Smithery worked better as the origin for his ‘hand forged brews’.”

Cooper returned with a couple of bottles. He didn’t seem too happy to see his mother sitting at the table smiling while Noli glared at him. He went for the empty seat but his mother stood. He towered over Daphne more than he did her. Seeing them stand next to each other Noli found it hard to believe that such a slight woman had given birth to a giant.

“Here, take your seat back. I just came to introduce myself to Noli before I left.”

“I’ll see you later.” He bent and kissed her on the cheek.

“Seems like he’s in a hurry to see me gone,” she said to Noli. Then she turned towards Cooper and said just above a whisper, “Or maybe you just want to be alone with Noli. I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”

“See you then.” It caught Noli off guard when the woman kissed her on the cheek.

“Why will you be seeing her tomorrow?” Cooper asked once his mother was gone.

“Wedding planning stuff.”

“Oh. Here’s your less pretentious fassbrause.”

Noli looked at the bottle he’d handed her. The label had an old fashion woodblock print of a smith with a hammer in hand raised over an anvil in sepia and white. Above the picture were the words “Coppersmith’s” and below it said “Hand Forged Apple Beer”. On her label the words apple beer had been crossed out and fassbrause written over it with a marker.”

“Oh you think you’re so funny.”

“I don’t think I’m funny. I know I am.”

“Like the total lie you told about the name of this place.”

He laughed. “I can’t help it you were gullible enough to believe that.”

“Whatever. You should keep it though, that story could be marketing genius. Put it on your website as the legend of this place. You can even say that the first recipe you brewed was found hidden away in here.”

“But the story’s not true.”

“It’s a legend, it doesn’t have to be true. A legend is nothing more than historic gossip.”

“Perhaps you could be my head of marketing.”

“I doubt I’ll be here after the wedding.” She drank some of the golden liquid. “I hate to say this, but this is so good.”

“Thank you. Two compliments from you in one hour. I might begin to think you like me.”

“You’d be wrong.”

They continued to chat and drink, with limited appearance from Kayla and a couple of trips by Cooper to the bar, for the next few hours. Noli kept track in her head how many alcoholic brews each of them had had, which was quite a feat given her low level of sobriety. He’d had one less than her.

“You want another round?” he asked as though he were reading her mind.

“No, I think I’m good,” Noli said, knowing when to say when. “But I’ll have another water.”

“I’m going to get another pale ale.”

Noli wondered if he’d been keeping track too. “You know what, if you’re having another, so will I.”

“You’re so competitive,” he said.

“I’m not competitive. I’m motivated. You ordering another one motivated me to have another.” She picked up the rest of her water. “So I can beat you,” she said into the glass.

“You’d have to drink two more to beat me. I think you lost track somewhere along the way. Maybe you confused one of your waters for a beer in your count.”

“Fine, you’ve drank one more.” She didn’t think he had but she wanted to lose. Lumberjack or not, she was attracted to him and her beer libido was kicking in. She no longer had the ability to fight the temptation to kiss him.

He leaned forward and she closed her eyes. Her heart began to beat faster but his lips never touched hers, instead he whispered in her ear, “It wouldn’t be decent to kiss you where I want to in public.” Her eyes flew open. He took her hand into his and stood. “Come with me.” She stumbled behind him obediently into a small office. He shut the door behind them.

“So where is it that you want to kiss me?”

“You should have gotten that information up front. You should be more careful when you bet.” He sat in one of the stuffed armchairs and pulled her onto his lap. “From the moment I saw you I wondered what your rich brown skin would feel like under my lips.” His finger traced a path down the length of her neck.

She leaned back into his chest and savored the feeling of sitting on his lap while he caressed her. “You won the right to kiss me, not touch me.”

He put his hands on the chair arms. His mouth descended onto her neck. First his lips followed the path his finger had earlier traced. His facial hair tickled her skin and she instinctively giggled and pulled away.

“If you keep moving, I’ll be forced to use my hands.” His mouth resumed its lovely torturous assault on her neck until she pulled away from the rough tickle of his beard. “I warned you.”

His forearm looped around her waist and locked her tight against his body. His other hand reached up and threaded through her hair limiting how far she could move her neck away from his kisses. Once again, he began to kiss the delicate skin of her neck. This time, with a little less gentleness, he began to nibble on her neck before kissing the same spot.

He took his time repeating the pattern of nibbling and kissing until he reached her collarbone. She let her head fall back onto his shoulder to give him more access. She began to moan when his tongue began to draw little circles on her neck, which elicited a groan from him. She was lost to anything but the sensation of his mouth on her neck and his arm wrapped around her.

She was so enthralled with the pleasure he was creating she hadn’t heard the door open and didn’t know Kayla was in the room until the young waitress cleared her throat and said, “What’s going on here?”

Noli’s eyes flew open and she attempted to stand, but was restricted by Cooper’s arm. She attempted a second time with more force, but his grasp had loosened and she sprang forward off his lap, stumbling a couple of steps before she regained her balance.

“I should go. Does this town have a cab service?” The slurred words rushed from Noli just as fast as she wished she could run out of the room right now.

“No, but there’s no need for a cab. I’ll take you,” Kayla said.

“I’ll take her,” Cooper said standing.

“No, I’ll take her. I think you’ve had too much to drink to drive right now,” Kayla said.

“I’m fine to drive,” Cooper insisted.

“It’s obvious your judgment is impaired, so you can’t drive. I’m taking her and the subject isn’t open for discussion.”

Their exchange made Noli wonder more about the exact nature of Kayla and Cooper’s relationship. This didn’t seem like the way an employee would speak to a boss. It seemed personal.

Cooper thought for a moment. “Maybe you’re right. I did drink more than I’d intended to.”

Noli didn’t say anything for fear it might turn ugly. What was she doing being the other woman? She’d never put herself into a situation like this before. She remained quiet as she gathered her purse and waited for Kayla to do the same. The first part of the drive passed in silence as well.

“I’m so sorry for what you saw back there. I’m truly embarrassed.”

“I thought you had fallen asleep,” Kayla said startled by the sudden end to the silence. “Don’t be embarrassed, you were drunk and Coop’s a charmer.”

“I’m still sorry.”

“Cooper’s the one that needs to apologize.”

“It’s not all his fault. I played a part in it too.” Noli felt compelled to shoulder her share of the blame for the make out session in Cooper’s office.

“I don’t think you did, unless you knew.”

“Knew what?” The confused look on Kayla’s face prompted her to ask.

“That half the time he came to get drinks he’d pour a soda instead of a beer. He said they were for you, but given your state, he kept the soda for himself and gave you the beer. ”

“He what?!” Her anger began to sober her. “Wait a minute, how many actual alcoholic beverages did he drink?”

“I don’t know, maybe about half of what you drank. He brought all of the real beer to the table. I brought soda since I’m not old enough to serve liquor.”

“How old are you?”

“I’m nineteen, almost twenty.”

“Aren’t you too young—”

“To work in a bar? No, I just haven’t taken the state’s test to start serving alcohol yet.”

Noli had been about to ask if she was too young to be dating Cooper. Granted she was only a few years younger than her, but she was still a teenager and Cooper likely had a decade on her. What kind of man dated a naive teenager? The same kind of man that would get her drunk and seduce her. Cooper was a liar, and a cheat, and off limits.

“I’m going to kill him.”

“Get in line.”

“I’m sorry. I’m sure you’re more upset than me.”

Kayla shrugged it off. “You’re gonna have one massive hangover in the morning.”

They pulled up in front of the Sloan’s house. “Thank you, Kayla.”

“No problem.”

Noli stumbled her way through the unlocked front door. She grabbed a water from the fridge and was headed straight to bed when she saw Diane was still awake. Noli plopped down on Diane’s bed drinking the water. “How was your evening with Jack?”

“Good. What did you think of the place for the reception?”

“I loved it. It needs a lot of cleaning and a little paint, but it’ll be a beautiful place for the reception.

“What did you think of Cooper?”

“Did not like him. Like, not at all. He’s kind of a jerk. I want to punch him in the eye. I like his eyes. He has beautiful eyes. Like a lion. He’d sound good roaring.”

“You look sober, but you’re talking drunk?” Diane said.

“I might be about ten times drunker than I look.”

“It’s too bad you didn’t like Cooper and his beautiful lion eyes.”

“Why?”

“I wouldn’t mind if my cousin and my future husband’s best friend were—”

“Not going to happen,” Noli cut her off.

“But if it did, it would be nice to have my favorite cousin living close by with her husband.”

“Husband! Did Jack get you drunk too?”

“No. I’m just saying I would like that. I miss you.”

The tears glossing Diane’s eyes cut Noli. She missed her too, but staying put, and a relationship or marriage was not something she could ever do. “Cooper and I are not going to happen so you can stop living in your fairytale world of happily ever after. Love has made you stupid. I’m going to sleep.”





Chapter 4




“This is the list I have so far. The menu is set as Thanksgiving dinner, in honor of your first date.”

Diane smiled that stupid in love smile that she couldn’t keep off her face. “He’d say that was our second date. Yes, turkey, dressing, sweet potatoes, all of that.”

“Your sweet tooth sent me a memo that in addition to a three tier wedding cake and a guitar shaped groom’s cake that a dessert buffet is a must.”

“We’ll take care of the menu,” Rose Sloan said speaking for Daphne as well as herself.

“I need to find a DJ that plays everything from classic soul, to country, to the Jonas Brothers.” That smile appeared on Diane’s face again. She wondered what it would feel like to be that joyously in love. “I should work in stars and football in if I can. The color scheme is turquoise because it reminds you of his eyes, brown because it reminds him of yours, and white for the snow storm you met in.”

“Yes, that’s what Jack and I want. I trust you to put your magic touch on the rest.”

“So, what are your ideas, Noli?” Rose asked.

“First thing is save the dates. Since the wedding is so soon the save the dates shouldn’t be mailed, but a website link e-mailed to guest. In addition to the save the date, it will also have downloadable maps, the registry and engagement photos. Speaking of photos, Rose, I need pictures of Jack at various ages. My uncle is going to upload pictures of Diane. Their pictures will be hung by clothespins.”

“Clothespins?”

“Not just regular clothespins, they’ll be painted and have their names on it with a magnet on the back. It’ll be one of the souvenirs.”

“Good morning all.” Everyone responded to Cooper’s greeting, except Noli. “Good morning, Magnolia.”

“I’m glad to see you here.” Her tone was dry and made the statement seem untrue.

“You are?” he said with genuine surprise and a smile.

“I am. We were just going over some wedding details and I was just about to get to the open bar.”

“Open bar?”

“Open bar,” she repeated the words, stretching out each syllable so he would comprehend the two simple words.

“Is open bar slang for something?” Daphne asked Diane.

“If it is I don’t know,” Diane responded.

“We haven’t worked out all the details, but as I drank a few beers and he drank a few cream sodas, Cooper agreed to an open bar.” She explained without taking her glare off him.

Cooper eyes narrowed with recognition that they were both aware of the truth about last night. “May I speak to you for a moment about the details for the open bar?”

“Of course.” Noli stood and walked past him out the door and onto the porch.

***

“I think he likes her,” Daphne said as soon as they were out of earshot.

“Of course he does, she’s his type— attractive and female,” Rose said.

“No, I think he likes her.” She leaned in as if telling a secret. “He told her about his father.”

“Oh,” Rose said.

“Is that a big deal?” Diane asked.

“He doesn’t talk about his father,” Rose explained.

“With anybody,” Daphne continued. “Not even me.”

“Oh,” Diane said. “Wow.”

“I hope he doesn’t try to pull a Cooper,” Rose said.

“What’s a Cooper?” Diane said lost again.

“He has relations, not so much actual relationships. If feelings start to form he breaks things off,” Rose said.

“I doubt Noli will be around long enough for feelings to form. She doesn’t do feelings anymore.” Diane looked at the clock on the microwave. “I need to go get ready for my study group. Momma, you’re still able to help Noli get where she needs to go today right?”

“Yes dear.”

“Thanks for all your help. The plan to organize a wedding and study for the bar wasn’t too well thought out.”

“You concentrate on studying and we’ll take care of the wedding.”

Diane kissed her future mother in law on the cheek and headed up the stairs.

“You know, if they had more time together, perhaps Cooper and Noli could get over their relationship-phobias together,” Daphne said once she believed Diane was out of earshot.

“Daphne, are you talking about meddling in your son’s love life?”

“I most certainly am,” she said in a matter of fact tone. “That boy can’t live his entire life keeping love at bay. I’m just saying we give him a gentle push in the right direction.” Daphne said.

“What if that’s not the right direction for Noli?” Rose asked. “If it’s meant to be, it’ll be.”

“Sometimes meant to be needs a little help being. I’m not trying to force anything. I just have a feeling that if they spend time together it could be good for both of them.”

“Just time together huh,” Rose said considering her friend’s idea. “She doesn’t drive. Diane’s going to be busy studying and asked me to help her get around. Perhaps I could need to take care of my sick husband,” Rose said.

“And I have work,” Daphne said. “But Cooper could easily be available.”



***



Before he could get out the door she let him have it. “What kind of low life are you? Did you think it was okay to get me drunk while you drank pop so you could take advantage of me?”

A vein was popping on her neck around the same area he’d been kissing the night before. He’d like to kiss her there right now. “It’s not like that at all.”

“I don’t care what it was like. I don’t want to hear any more of your lies. You lost the bet and there will be an open bar.”

She turned to go, but he reached for her arm. “It’s not a lie. What I did was wrong and I apologize. I’d told Kayla to do that when it was just us settling some trash talk.”

“Well, once it became a bet you could have stopped your trickery, but you didn’t.”

“I was trying to be responsible. It wasn’t that I was trying to get you drunk but more that I was trying to not get drunk since I had to drive you home. I just wanted to drive you home because I was enjoying my time with you and didn’t want the night to end.” That was the truth. He had been hoping to luck his way into a kiss. Every time she’d raised a mug to her soft full lips he’d wished she was touching her lips to his and not the glass.

“Any way you spin it, you still lied to get me drunk.”

Her tone had changed and he knew he was making head way. “It was never my intention to get you drunk. I thought you’d drink two or three beers and be done. You could have stopped at any point. I didn’t force you to drink like a sailor on leave.”

“So you’re blaming me?” That intimidating tone and killer glint in her eyes returned.

“Not blaming you. I’m just saying it was pretty impressive the way you threw them back. I was even a little envious.”

“So, you admit I won? More importantly, I beat you.” She let a smile slip.

“You beat me hands down.”

“Then why did you lie and say I lost?”

“Because even with my “trickery” I was drunk too and thought it was the easiest way for us to get what we both wanted.”

“I did not want to kiss you!” she said refusing to let him win.

“Not only did you want it, you liked it when it happened.” He knew he’d enjoyed it.

“No, I didn’t.”

“Now who’s the liar?”

“If I liked it, and I’m not saying I liked it, just if, it was the alcohol and not truly me.”

“You’re sober now. Let’s see if you like it.” He took a step towards her. She moved back crashing into the screen door, causing it to make a loud noise.

“I am here to plan a wedding and the role you’ll play in the event is the free open bar and best man. You are to stay away from me or else.”

“Or else what?”

“Or else you’re gonna get it.”

“Oh, I hope so,” he said low and sexy, leaning towards her again.

She fumbled with the door’s latch for a flustered moment then rushed into the house. “We’ve worked out the details and Cooper is providing the open bar as a wedding gift for Diane and Jack,” Noli said when she reentered the kitchen with Cooper in tow.

“That’ll make for a fun wedding,” Daphne said.

“Noli, Diane asked me to take you around because she’ll be busy studying, but I can’t because my husband’s still not a hundred percent.” She said referring to her spouse’s recent hospital stay. “I just don’t feel right leaving him home alone for too long. But you can borrow my car.”

Cooper saw a flash of fear in Noli’s eyes at the mention of borrowing the car and her hands clenched at her sides. He didn’t know why she was afraid but that didn’t seem to matter because he felt an uncontrollable need to take that fear away.

Before he could volunteer, his mother said, “Cooper can do it.” She followed it up with a look that told him he better do it.

“I can do it.”

Noli visibly relaxed. She must not like to drive if being with him was a relief from the task.

“I don’t want to keep you from running your business,” Noli said.

“Trevor manages the daily operations of the bar. I can do it.”

“Fine,” he said. Cooper looked at the time on his cell. “I’ve got some free time now. We just need to swap my bike for my truck.” The thought of her legs around him and her body pressed against his and her arms wrapped around him, even for the short ride was alluring.

“By bike do you mean a ten speed? Maybe with a basket on front?”

“I mean my motorcycle.”

“I’m not getting on a motorcycle.”

“Motorcycles are safe,” Cooper began but she put her hand up stopping him from continuing the defense of motorcycles.

“Please, just go get your truck and comeback. That’ll give us time to finish up here.”



***

“Why don’t you want to drive?” Cooper asked about an hour later as he drove Noli to the first store.

“I just don’t,” she said looking out of the window with the hope he’d get the hint that she didn’t want to talk about it.

He didn’t.

“Is your license suspended because of too many parking tickets?”

“I don’t think they suspend a license for parking tickets.”

“Then why doesn’t someone as independent as you drive?”

She sighed. “I just don’t. Can we leave it at that?” she asked softly.

“We can. Where too?”

She raised a shoulder and shook her head. “I need cleaning supplies and paint, so whatever store carries that, and a craft store.”

“Can I just chauffeur you or do I have to go into the stores while you shop?”

“Do you want to just sit out in a truck?”

“Without a doubt,” he answered.

“The good news is I don’t like to shop. More often than not I make my list and stick to it, but if you’re in the truck you won’t be able to keep me on track and it could turn into one of those times that I just wander aimlessly from aisle to aisle for hours and hours,” she goaded.

“That was the most passive aggressive threat I’ve faced in a while.”

“You mean other than the look that your mother gave you to make you agree to drive me?” Noli said.

“You saw that.”

“I did.”

“I didn’t do it because of her look. I did it because of how you looked.” He glanced over at her.

Her smile dropped. “How did I look?”

“Scared to death of getting behind the wheel.”

She took a deep breath and nodded. “I was. Thank you.”

“I’m just being nice so I can get a glimpse of the sweet Magnolia.”

“Seriously, I appreciate you agreeing to do this. I stopped driving shortly after my parents’ death.” She didn’t know why she was opening up to him. For so long she had avoided talking about her parents’ passing. She needed to talk with someone and for some reason she wanted it to be him.

“Did they pass away in a car accident?”

“Yes,” her voice was quiet and free of the jovial tone of just moments ago.

“I actually volunteered because I wanted the opportunity to spend time with you so I could get another kiss.”

She laughed. “Never gonna happen.”

“I enjoy a good challenge.”

“A challenge means there’s a possibility. Us kissing again is an impossibility.”

“Wanna bet?”

She raised an eyebrow at him. “I don’t make bets with people who cheat.”

“You’re still angry about that?”

“You act like it was ten years ago and not ten hours ago. And I’m not angry.”

“I probably wouldn’t like you angry. You probably turn green and your skirt rips.”

“Are you seriously comparing me to the Incredible Hulk?”

“I’m not. I’m comparing you to mild mannered Bruce Banner.”

“You mean when he went from being super intelligent,” she said gesturing to herself, “and transformed into the muscular, dumb green beast?” She pointed at him.

“Hey, I’m not green.”

“You’re offended that I called you green, but not that I implied you are a dumb beast?”

“You say dumb beast but I hear incredibly desirable.”

“Shut up and drive,” she said lightly punching his arm.

Once in the home improvement store, Cooper quickly got bored with Noli trying to choose between what seemed like a thousand barely different shades of white so he went to get a few odds and ends he’d been needing but hadn’t gotten around to. When he returned a half hour later, she’d found the shade of white, but was now debating with herself about the million combinations the thousands of shades of brown and turquoise.

As she held up paint chips next to each other, her head bopped back and forth as her body swayed from side to side to the rhythm of the music. When he got closer he could hear that she was singing along, slightly off key. She was lost in her own little world of music and paint chips, and didn’t see him approaching. He came to stand right behind her, bent to ear level and said “May I have this dance?”

She let out a little startled yelp at the sound of his voice, and jumped, bumping into his hard chest. “It’s not polite to sneak up on people.”

“I didn’t sneak up on you. You were just too into the song to notice me.”

“I really like that song.”

“Why?”

“I like it because my dad loved Babyface, and would sing ‘Someone to Love’ to my mother. I thought it was so gross because I knew it would end with them kissing.”

“Since you were singing it, we should end up kissing.”

“Not going to happen.”

He leaned in toward her but she put her hand in front of his face to stop his lips from descending on hers. “Stop flirting with me and trying to get into my pants. It’s not going to happen. I’m not one of those girls that falls easily for manufactured charm from a handsome face on a hunk of muscle.”

“You’re obsessed with my muscles.” He chuckled at the frustrated expression on her face. “I know you’re not easy, that’s why I’m interested. You may not fall easily, but you will fall. They always do.” He extended his arm towards her as if he were going to touch her but moved towards a paint chip in her hand, brushing his fingers against her hand.

“This is the color,” he said.





Chapter 5




“Cooper’s pretty hot isn’t he? He’s kind of sexy.” Diane said as she drove Noli to The Smithery the next morning. Cooper was going to play junior wedding planner again.

“What?” Noli didn’t think she’d ever heard her prim and proper use the words hot and sexy in the same sentence. She would usually say ‘handsome’ or ‘attractive’ and occasionally she’d acknowledge that a guy had ‘an admirable physique’.

“Cooper, he’s kind of sexy?”

“That’s what I thought you said. Does Jack know you have a thing for his best friend?”

“I don’t have a thing for him,” Diane denied, “but you do. Don’t you?”

“No,” she said but thought maybe. “Why would you even say that?”

“He’s so your type.”

“I don’t have a type.”

“Yes you do. Tall and muscular just like every single boyfriend you’ve ever had.” Diane said.

“He’s also cocky and overly self-confident.”

“That’s redundant, which is a dead giveaway that you think I’m right. If I remember correctly, that’s a quality that both DeJuan and Andre shared.”

“And that’s why I’m not with either of them.”

“You’re not with them because they were immature and thought multiple girlfriends was the status quo.”

“That could be Cooper too.”

“Not from what Jack’s said. He may not be the kind to settle down, but he’s not the kind to play around. That rhymed, I think I’ll be a rapper.”

They both chuckled. “Aunt Catherine would love that.”

The soft whispered tone from the NPR deejay on the radio filled the car as they rode in silence.

“What do you know about Kayla?” Noli asked.

“I think she moved here about a year ago from somewhere down south to attend Indiana University. She started working at The Smithery and over the summer she started helping Cooper brew the soft drinks.”

“What about her and Cooper? Do you think they have something going on?”

“No, why would you think that?”

“She was pretty upset that first night when she saw,” Noli paused when she realized she was going to reveal the drunken kiss. She knew Diane had already planted the seed that she and Cooper would make a great couple and she didn’t want to nurture its growth in any way. “She didn’t seem too happy when she saw Cooper and me together. Plus, they spend a lot of time together.”

“Is that jealousy I hear?”

“No. Not at all. Just trying to prove a point. He’s been flirting with me and has something going with Kayla. I think he’s a player.”

Diane nodded. “Umm huh. If there was more than an employee and employer relationship going on it would have been over with by now. According to Daphne, his longest relationship was with a gold fish that died after a month.”

“So all the time Kayla and Cooper spend together is platonic?” Noli asked with a doubtful tone.

“This is sounding a lot like jealousy,” Diane said.

“Or does it sound like the girl in love seeing things that aren’t there? Cooper is just helping me pull your wedding together. That’s all.”

“Cooper helping you with my wedding, plus flirting with you, equals something.”

They had arrived at the restaurant and Cooper was at the bar talking with Kayla. Trevor was leaning on the bar, but didn’t seem that interested in the conversation. Kayla on the other hand, was fully into every word falling out of Cooper’s mouth. He said something that made her throw her arms around him. Trevor simply smiled and nodded.

“See, that’s not quite platonic,” Noli said.

“She’s a very excitable girl. I’ve been on the receiving end of my fair share of unwarranted hugs from her. What I saw was Kayla being Kayla and you being jealous.”

Noli looked at her watch-less wrist. “Won’t you be late for your study group?”

Diane looked at her watch and realized she did need to go. They hugged and Diane left with a wave at Cooper and the other two at the bar. Noli refused to let the thought of jealousy seep into her head. Just because she didn’t like him sharing his charm with anyone else didn’t mean she was jealous. Kayla was once again laughing and Noli broke in before there was another embrace.

“Are you ready?” Noli asked.

“I’m almost done and then we can head out.”

“Coop is leaving me and Trevor in charge,” Kayla said almost jumping with excitement. Noli took note of the abbreviated use of his name but ignored the fact that it bothered her. No one else called him Coop, not even his mother.

“I’m leaving Trevor in charge,” Cooper said. “You’re just supposed to help.”

“That’s what I said,” Kayla said not seeing the difference. “We won’t let you down, Coop.”

Noli felt compelled to add the missing “er” to his name for the girl. Her face must have expressed her irritation because Cooper gave her a perplexed look. She shifted her face back to neutral.

“Just call me if anything comes up,” Cooper said to Trevor. “I’m ready. Let’s head to Indy.”



***



He unlocked his truck with the remote and was about to open the door for Noli, but she beat him to it. She made it difficult for him to be a gentleman. Perhaps traveling alone for so long had made her too independent. Or maybe she was mad. She’d had an irritated look on her face before they came out, and now she was being quiet. She remained that way for most of the ride as she tapped on her tablet.

Her silence made him feel like an actual chauffeur, minus the cap and black suit. She didn’t even mind when he said he’d prefer to stay in the car when they arrived at the first second hand store on her list of stops. He’d only said it because he thought she’d make an idol threat to get him in, but he got nothing but an okay over her shoulder as she walked away.

A few minutes later she stood in the store’s door waving for him to come in. Her full lips were spread across her face in a big smile.

Whatever was bothering her was forgotten.

“Shopping isn’t as much fun when you don’t have someone to bounce ideas off of. I found the perfect old secretary, but I don’t know how I’d use it.”

His stroll was too slow so she grabbed his hand and began to pull him along to see her great find. He didn’t know what a secretary was, other than someone that answered phones, but he liked that it excited her.

“Isn’t it great?” she said rubbing the piece of furniture.

“That’s a secretary? All this time I’ve been calling those things a desk.”

“Why did I ask you to come in?” Her smile softened her words.

“And it’s old and rough looking,” Cooper added.

“Seriously, why did I ask you in? You should be the last person to criticize it for looking rough.”

“You like rough looking though.”

“If only you were as irresistible as you think you are. Anyway, it is very rough and there is some damage to the wood, but I was planning on stripping it and whitewashing it. What do you think?”

The word stripping distracted him for moment. “Could you put those little name tag things on it?”

By the look on her face she must have liked his idea. The sway of her hips as she did her happy dance made his mind return to her stripping. She tore the bottom half of the tag to indicate to other shoppers that this item was taken.

“This will be perfect for the place cards, that’s what the name tag things are called.”

“Is that it? Are you all done?”

“Of course not, silly lumber jack,” she said patting his arm like a mother does a child that just said something naive but cute. “I still need picture frames, chandeliers, horseshoes and Christmas tree lights. That means a few more stores.”

Out of habit he sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He did hate shopping, though it was a different experience with Magnolia. It wasn’t fun, but it wasn’t torture because she made it interesting. It was the way she got excited by the smallest things, and how she would sing and sometimes dance to the overhead music that made him forget what he was doing (shopping). The fact that she saw potential in the most tattered things gave him a hope he didn’t know he wanted. It gave him the hope that his heart could be restored from the damage his father’s abandonment caused.

By the time she got all the things on her list, it was early afternoon and he was starving. A quick search on his phone let him know where the food truck he went to whenever he was in the city was located. Fry Oh My! was a bright yellow truck that served nothing but french fries. There weren’t the boring run of the mill fries, but various cuts of fries, with unheard of toppings and every dipping option but plain old ketchup. He was happy that it wasn’t too far from them.

Noli stood in line with him studying the menu. He didn’t need to look, he would get the Greek style. They were golden crispy fries, topped with bits of lamb meat, feta, diced tomato, black olives, shredded lettuce and a cucumber dipping sauce. It was like a gyro but with fries instead of a pita.

He placed his order and chatted with the guy in the truck for a minute. “You decide what you want?” he asked Magnolia.

“It all looks so good, but I’m not hungry.”

“You sure? ‘Cause I’m not sharing.”

“Oh, I’m sure I could persuade you to share,” she said biting her bottom lip.

He imagined nibbling on that lip as he kissed her. He was right, it wouldn’t take much from her to persuade him of almost anything. “Make that a large.”

He was glad he’d gotten the large. If he hadn’t, he may not have gotten even a taste. Despite her claims of not being hungry, she hadn’t stopped eating since the first delicious bite.

“I think you should get your own.”

“I’m not hungry.”

“Then stop eating my fries,” Cooper said. He moved the food to his other side and blocked her from getting to them with his body.

“You are so selfish. I had a bite or two.”

“If you want more, it’ll cost you a kiss.”

She opened the door and hopped out his truck. “I’ll just go get my own,” she said slamming the door behind her.

She waited in the brief line at the food truck. When it was her turn she tried to order the Greek style too.

“You’ve already tried those. I have something else in mind for you,” the truck owner said. He tossed some fries in one of those cardboard trays and then drizzled a sauce on before grinding some sea salt on top. “Something sweet and spicy, just like you.”

She took a bite and closed her eyes in delight. “This is good. What is this?”

“It is honey and habanero sauce.”

“It is spicy, can I get a water?”

He handed her the water and she tried to hand him money but he shook his head. “No charge for you. Any friend of Cooper’s gets them for free. I try to give them to him but he insists on paying, so if he asks you, I charged extra.”

“Why does he get special treatment?”

“Because he helped me out when I was first starting out. He sold me his used fryers at a steal and let me make payments. He’s a good dude.”

“He is, but if you ever tell him I said that, I’ll hurt you.”

“See, sweet and spicy.”





Chapter 6




Noli sat on the floor in front of the bed in Cooper’s tiny apartment above the bar, gluing strips of paper to the front side of clothespins that already had a magnet attached to the back. Cooper sat on the bed cutting strips of paper to make sure she had a steady supply. Every now and then she’d sneak a look up at him to marvel at the sight of how intently he was cutting. It was obvious he was trying to make sure they were perfect. There were a few that he sat aside because they didn’t measure up, but she’d use them when he wasn’t looking because they were just fine.

“Thanks for helping.”

“You’d never get it done if I didn’t.”

“You’re welcome would have sufficed.” He smiled and kept cutting. His hands were almost too big for the scissors. She wondered what those hands would feel like on her. Would they be firm and demand pleasure by kneading the soft flesh of her thighs, butt, and breasts until she begged for them to touch her most intimate place? Or would they caress along the length of her body, teasing it with the promise of release.

She shouldn’t be thinking about those hands doing anything but cutting paper. After all, it wouldn’t be just the hands touching her, it would be the man attached to them. That man was dangerous to her plan of keeping her heart safe. Her defenses had already began to wane. He was smart, and charming, and kind. She presumed that underneath that forest of hair, he was handsome. Who was she kidding, he was even handsome with the hair.

Diane was right, she did find him quite sexy. There were those broad shoulders, all the muscles- especially those abs, and those large hands she was sure would feel so good. She was back to those hands touching her. She needed her mind elsewhere.

“How was your meeting?”

“Promising.” A smile broke out on his face then he continued “The guy said he would likely be able to get the brews into a chain grocery store, at least in Indiana.”

The rerun of the show they were watching went to a break as Cooper continued to discuss the meeting he’d had with a potential distributor. A commercial for a personal injury attorney came on which showed a series of mangled cars and video of a truck screeching to a halt. A gasp escaped from her and she knocked the glue over onto the floor.

“Crap,” she said hopping up avoid getting the glue on herself too.



***

Cooper left the room and came back with some cleaning wipes and paper towels. He was glad she’d knocked over the glue. He’d needed the distraction to stop him from putting his thoughts into action. The thought kept running through his head to give in to temptation and pull her up on the bed for a kiss and to try for more.

He was about to start cleaning up the glue but Noli took the paper towels from him and began cleaning up. Tears began to drip onto the mess on the floor. She stopped wiping as her hands began to shake.

“It’s okay Magnolia, it was just an accident.” The word accident turned her silent tears into a gut wrenching sob filled cry. Cooper took the wipes out her hands and joined her on the floor. “What’s wrong, Magnolia?”

She wiped her tears, but they were replaced with more. “The car. That commercial.”

Cooper strained to hear the incoherent words that sounded like they were struggling to get out her throat. He thought back to the commercial from moments ago and realized it showed several images of totaled cars. He turned the TV off then pulled her into his arms and lifted her onto the bed.

Her legs were stretched on the navy and green plaid comforter, with the rest of her body on Cooper and her face hidden in his shirt as she continued to cry. He just held her there for a few moments, letting her cry. His hand rubbed her back as it heaved with sobs.

Eventually she’d composed herself enough to speak again. “I saw it,” her words muffled as she spoke them into his chest. She turned her head and looked up at him. There was no pity in his eyes, just concern and warmth.

“Saw what?”

“The accident. I saw my parents’ accident.”

“I didn’t know that.”

“No one knows. My parents were headed home after my graduation. I got caught up talking to a classmate and left a while after my parents did. Traffic was flowing fine, then all of a sudden there was a back-up. I thought it was construction because 65 is in a perpetual state of construction. But I never saw any cones or signs.”

She sniffed and wiped away her tears with the back of her hand. He pulled her close, holding her tightly against his torso as he reached down to retrieve the paper towels. Her arms instinctively wrapped around his neck to prevent her from toppling over onto the floor. He tore a couple of paper towels off and dabbed the tears off her cheeks with one and handed her the other.

She let out a shaky breath and returned to her story. “Eventually, I saw the flashing lights of the emergency vehicles in the distance. When I came to the scene of the accident I saw a car pinned under the overturned trailer of a semi. I instinctually prayed that everyone was okay. Then I realized the car was the same color as my parents’ car. It was so mangled that you couldn’t make out the model,” her voice cracked and he gave a squeeze to encourage her to continue. “Then I recognized a bumper sticker on the back.

“I tried to stop, but an officer wave me along and gave me a look that reprimanded me for gawking. Then I started hysterically screaming my parents, my parents, over and over again. He moved so I could pull on the shoulder, not because he understood what I was saying, but because he thought I was too hysterical to drive safely. Another officer came over. He was older and must have had more experience dealing with panic-stricken people. He calmly asked me to speak slowly.

“I was able to tell him that I believed the car was my parents’. He asked for my ID and turned and signaled for one of the other officers to come over. I handed him my driver’s license and the officer handed him one. He compared the two and his face changed for just a moment.”

She paused, her eyes looked up at the ceiling to try and stop the tears. It didn’t work and the tears began to stream down her face again. Cooper brushed his thumb across her cheek to wipe them away. He remained silent and waited for her to be able to resume. It was difficult to watch her painfully tell this tragedy, but he knew she had to get it out. Letting it stay inside had to be just as retell painful.

“That’s when I noticed there was a gurney with a sheet draped over it. I heard these heaving sobs and it took me a few moments to realize I was the one making them. He put his hand on my shoulder and said ‘ma’am’. I remember thinking that was the first time anyone had ever called me ma’am and thought it was weird that a thought like that would cross my mind. I guess my brain was trying to distract itself.

“He told me that my father had passed shortly after they arrived on the scene and my mother had been rushed to a hospital in Lafayette. He had one of the officers to drive me to the hospital with the lights and sirens on. I don’t know if they were supposed to do that, but they did. It didn’t matter though because before I could get there, my mom was gone too.”

She leaned into him and he held her there silently. “I didn’t get to say goodbye to either of them.”

Cooper didn’t say anything because he knew his words were useless. He continued to embrace her through moments of tears and silence, trying to absorb her pain so she wouldn’t have to feel it anymore. They stayed there on the bed with her cradled in his arms until her breathing became steady with sleep. He stretched her out on the bed and laid next to her, his arms still around her.

The woman lying next to him was fragile. It wasn’t her slight build that made her that way. It was pain that made her delicate, and just an ambulance chaser’s commercial away from shattering into a million pieces. She put on a good show, acting the part she probably wanted to be. Just beneath her vibrant surface was a broken soul. There was a part of him that wanted to heal her and protect her from breaking anymore. There was another part of him that wanted to run and save himself from the pain falling for her could cause.

There was a very specific part of him that wished she were laying in this bed crying out in pleasure and not sadness. Even with a tear stained face she was flawless. It was not just her beauty that was tempting him. It was her quirky humor. The way her eyes would light up as she found joy in the smallest things. He wanted to keep surprising her to keep that look on her face. He also wanted to see her eyes burn with passion as he brought them both pleasure. These thoughts scared him, because he doubted that a fling with her would be enough.

He began to get off the bed. The movement made Magnolia stir. “Cooper,” she called out in her sleep. He waited a moment to see if she would continue to sleep. Her eyes drifted open. “Cooper,” she said again, reaching her hand out to him. He knew he should leave, but he kicked his shoes off and joined her in the bed. She rested her head on his chest and returned back to sleep.

Normally he avoided cuddling after sex, and had never cuddled fully dressed, with no chance of it resulting in sex. She had him doing many things he’d never thought he’d do, like antiquing and crafting. How did somebody he barely knew have such an effect on him?

It was early evening so he wasn’t tired. He stayed there awake for another hour, trying to think about anything but the woman that found comfort in his arms. He thought of what he had to do tomorrow, and started strategizing to make the distribution deal happen. His mind kept going back to Magnolia and how right she felt next to him. Finally, she rolled on her side, freeing him to move.

Cooper tipped out of the small apartment, putting his boots on once he was safely out. He headed downstairs to the bar to help with the dinner crowd. Kayla caught him at the bottom of the stairs.

“So, what were the two of you doing up there?” Kayla asked.

“I was helping her with some wedding stuff.”

“That better be all you were doing.”

“Or what?” Cooper asked annoyed.

“Never mind, it was far too quiet for you to have been doing anything anyway.”

“Kayla, get to work before I fire you.”

“We both know that’s an empty threat.”

“Kayla,” her named rumbled out like thunder before a storm. He wasn’t in the mood for her right now.

“I think I hear a table calling,” she said heeding the warning.



***

Noli moved closer to the warmth, her eyes still closed holding on to those last moments of sleep. The source of the warm comfort moved forcing her to open at least one eye. Through the small opening in her eye she saw a room that seemed familiar, but wasn’t the guest room at the Sloan’s house. She tried to sit up to figure out where she was, but something warm and hard kept her in place. That forced both eyes opened and she noticed the source of the heat and where she was.

She was in Cooper’s apartment, in his arms, on his bed. She closed her eyes trying to focus on what happened the night before. Her breath caught when the memory hit her like a wayward softball pitch to the chest. Last night she’d revealed her secret to Cooper. She let her head fall back to the bed and wished sleep would return. Instinctively Cooper pulled her closer, and she snuggled in closer to the comfort he offered.

The reason for why she’d opened up to him escaped her and she didn’t go looking for it. She didn’t want to find out what she was feeling about waking up in his arms. More importantly, she didn’t want to examine the fleeting thought that she wished more had happened than just sleeping last night.

“Good morning,” Cooper said bringing her out of her thoughts.

“Good morning.” She tried to get up again, thinking that now he was awake he wouldn’t impede her. She was wrong, he kept his arm around her.

“Are you hungry? I can make you some breakfast.”

“I’m not hungry.”

“How are you feeling?”

She turned her head and looked in his eyes. There was genuine concern in his eyes. “Cooper, I need to use the bathroom but you won’t let me up.”

“Sorry,” he said but still held her a moment before letting her go.

In the bathroom she washed her face and gargled with the mouthwash. She’d already cried on his shoulder, she didn’t want to assault him with morning breath too. She felt lighter this morning, like a helium balloon that was free to float through the air no longer tethered to the ground by a child’s hand. It felt great to let go and not have all those platitudes thrown at her. Who knew Cooper would be the kind of guy that just listened? Even Diane had tried to comfort her with words. Oh no, Diane.

“What are you looking for?” Cooper asked when she rushed from the bathroom.

“My phone, I’m sure Diane’s worried I didn’t come home last night.”

“Don’t worry, I let her know you were sleeping here.”

“You what?” That made her search for the misplaced phone more frantic. Diane’s concern would be followed by a million and one questions about why she’d spent the night with Cooper. She didn’t want to answer a single one because she didn’t want to think about the answers.

“You were still sound asleep when I came back up after closing. I didn’t see much reason to wake you that late to take you home so I let Jack know you’d be staying here.”

“What did you say?”

“Just that you’d fallen asleep and I’d bring you in the morning.”

“Diane’s still going to assume we, you know.”

He smiled. “We can make that assumption a fact.”

She knew he was joking, but the glint in his eyes let her know there was some truth to his statement. “Never going to happen Cooper.”

“We’ll see.”





Chapter 7




Magnolia could not hear Cooper when he called her name over the loud bossa nova music coming from the speakers. She didn’t notice him as she continued to roll white paint on a beam. She danced barefoot to the music, rolling her hips and moving her feet as she sambaed her way over to the tray to get more paint. Cooper leaned against the door jam and admired the way she moved.

Magnolia was thin, but she wasn’t a stick. There were subtle curves that beckoned him as she moved. A few pounds would turn her into a voluptuous Aphrodite, but even thin she was still a siren. She began to sing along with the music in Spanish. Or was that Portuguese. Bossa nova was Brazilian so that must be Portuguese.

“Is this how you learned Portuguese?” he shouted to be heard over the rhythmic drum beat.

She jumped and swiveled around at the sound of his voice, instinctively pulling the paint roller towards her chest. “You scared me.”

She pointed the roller towards him in a flicking motion. Paint flew off the roller and landed just shy of his boots. He stepped back to avoid getting paint on himself if she were to punctuate her words with roller in hand again. She looked down at the roller still dripping paint.

“Oh, don’t tell me Paul Bunyan’s afraid of a little paint.” She took a step closer and he took a larger one back.

“I’m not afraid of paint, I’m afraid of the little woman holding the paint. I see revenge in her eyes.”

“What do you think I’ll do? This,” she said and jerked forward but stopping before any paint flew. He flinched at her movement certain she’d go through with it. “Just for flinching you’re going to get it now.” She whipped the roller forward sending paint hurdling in his direction. He pivoted out the way like a quarterback evading a sack at the hands of a linebacker.

“Do you want to deal with the consequences of your actions? I bet you won’t try something like that again.” He felt cocky after the success of his evasive maneuver.

Slowly she took a step sideways, then another. “That would be yet another bet you’d lose.”

Suddenly she turned and sprinted towards the paint tray on the floor to reload her weapon. He took two leaping strides in the same direction and beat her there. She came to an abrupt halt. He picked up another roller and dipped it into the tray until globs of paint were flowing off it.

“Don’t you dare!” she exclaimed.

“Or what? You’re out of ammo and I’m fully loaded. You think I’m afraid of you little lady.”

“No, I don’t think you’re afraid of me. And that’s the first reason you’re wrong.”

“What’s the second reason?”

“The second reason you’re very, very wrong is that I’m not out of ammo.”

She darted in the other direction towards the half full open paint bucket, dipping the roller into it in one swift motion. Before he could complete the backwards motion of a swing, she’d whipped her roller at him. Paint streaked across the bridge of his nose, splattered his jeans, and coated his red and black plaid shirt.

Her victory was short lived because his paint found its target right above the self-inflicted paint stain on her shirt. It was a free for all with both sending paint hurling through the air in the other’s direction while they tried to maneuver their way out of getting anymore on themselves. When they were done, Noli was just slightly more covered than Cooper.

“Looks like I’ve won,” he said as he dropped his roller to the floor.

“Once again, you find yourself in the unfortunate situation of having underestimated me.” She charged forward with the roller extended forward like a bayonet.

She’d managed to roll it half way up his shirt before he grabbed her by the wrist and extended the roller away from them. He locked his other arm around her back and pulled her to him. He gazed down in her brown eyes.

“Drop your weapon or else,” he said.

“Or else what?”

“Or else this.” He closed the distance between their lips. The first feel of her lips was like coming home. Her full lips were soft and yielding with the taste of the fruity gloss she wore. She dropped the roller and wrapped her arms around him. He did feel like a giant with her small frame in his arms. He pulled her as close to him as he could. Her fingers laced into his hair and pulled him closer. His embrace tightened around her and he lifted her off the floor until he was standing straight.

Since the moment he’d seen her sitting at the table as he carried one of her numerous bags, he’d imagined how kissing her lips would feel. His imagination fell short of the reality. This was the most exhilarating kiss he’d ever felt. He could feel her chest moving against his as her breaths became more rapid. He began to lower her down, their lips slowly parting, her eyes still closed.

His embrace remained firmly in place holding her near to him as another person could be. “Was that my reward for winning?” he asked.

“Nope. It was my reward for winning.”

“But you didn’t win.”

“Or did I?” she said raising an eyebrow. “I got you to pull me against you so that you’d have as much paint on you as I did on me.”

“That sounds like a tie.”

“But some of the paint that’s on me was done by me, so that doesn’t count against me. In fact, it only counts against you.”

“We’re at a crossroads then. I know I won, but you think you won. You’ve gotten your reward, now it’s time for me to get mine.”

His mouth covered hers again, this time with less tenderness than the first. He pulled her lip between his teeth before dipping his tongue into the sweetness of her mouth. She moaned and leaned into him. The sound she made stirred his blood. He wanted to hear that sound and more from her over and over again.

Her hands began to explore his body, running from across his wide shoulders, down his chest to his waistband then back up. He wanted to feel her hands on his bare chest. He moaned at the thought and stopped her hands before he gave into temptation and lowered her to the floor then stripped them both out of their paint stained clothes.



***



She jerked back, severing the kiss. His arms prevented her from stepping away, keeping her inches from him. She touched her hands to her tingling lips. Her lips were now white too because she’d remembered too late that paint was on her hand. She was still reeling from the kissed. She looked up into his eyes to see if the kisses had affected him the same way.

The first kiss had been soft and sweet and made her feel as tender as her heart was. She’d felt safe in his arms and his kiss held promise of tenderness and caring. The second kiss held a different kind of promise, the promise of passion that would explode like a night’s sky on the fourth of July once the fuse was lit. Desire was evident in his eyes. There was something else there too. His eyes seemed to reflect the fear she had about the fledgling emotions that accompanied the physical attraction.

She looked at the space around them. “This place is a mess,” she said. She looked down at herself then at him. “We’re a mess. We can’t go shopping looking like this. I can’t believe I just wasted my time having a paint fight.”

“I wouldn’t call it a waste of time. It was an excellent use of time because the reward was more than worth it.”

“Are you going to let me go?” She needed to get some space between them because she couldn’t think clearly with him that close to her.

“Do I have to?”

“If you don’t, the paint will act as an adhesive and we’ll be stuck together forever.”

“We’d just need to take our clothes off to unstick ourselves.” He looked at her as if he was already picturing her nude.

She pushed against him and he released her. The thought of them naked together was too appealing. “Help me clean this mess up. Then I need to clean up before we head to the store.”

“I don’t think the little sink here will clean you up.” He reached up and touched a drying glob of paint in her hair. “You need a shower.” He ran his index finger from her hair, down her cheek and throat, then traced the V neckline before caressing a path down the narrow space between her breasts and tugging her t-shirt. “You need a change of clothes too.”

His touch made her want to strip her clothes off right then and there, but she wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of knowing that his touch had the desired effect. It took all the control she had to keep her breathing calm and even. She looked at his hand playing with the hem of her shirt as if it were nothing then looked straight at him as though she were bored.

“Where am I getting this shower and change of clothes? I don’t want Diane to see me like this. I don’t want her to worry about the progress of her wedding.” And her disheveled appearance would lead to too many probing questions.

“My place. I have a shower you can use. You can change into one of my shirts while our clothes wash.”

“That’s the only way you’ll ever get me into one of your shirts.”

“You want to bet?”

She rubbed his thick, wild, paint streaked beard. “Nope because I reserve the right to change my mind once you stop looking like you’re auditioning for the roll of Bigfoot in a B rated sci-fi movie.” She winked, pivoted, and sashayed away. “I just need to get my shoes,” she called over her shoulder.

She walked to where her MP3 player was docked, but her shoes weren’t there. She kept her cool and picked up the player and put it into her bag as if that’s what she’d intended to do. She turned to see Cooper dangling her wedge heeled cowgirl boots in his hand.

“Looking for these?”

She walked over to him, but as soon as she reached for her boots, he raised his hands over his head and out of her reach. Her attempts to leap and grab them were futile.

“Give me my boots.”

“You don’t need them.”

“I do. My feet would freeze out there bare on the ground.”

“You’re right.” Instead of lowering his arm and returning her shoes he swiftly bent down and swept her over his shoulder

“Aahh! What are you doing?”

“I don’t want those pretty little toes of yours to get cold.”

She didn’t try to fight him because she knew it was useless. She just hoped he couldn’t feel her heart pounding out of her chest. “We need to clean up before we go.”

“No we don’t. The paint will dry on the tarp and the rollers are trash.”

“But— aahh,” she screamed when he smack her backside.

“Yes, you have a very nice butt.” He carried her to his truck and sat her in the passenger seat then placed her boots at her feet.

“That was totally unnecessary,” she said once he was seated in the driver seat.

“It was, but I enjoyed it.” He looked at her seated next to him with her best game face on. “So did you.”

“Shut up and drive.”

He was right. She’d never thought she was one for the whole “me Tarzan, you Jane” thing, but it was something about how easily he picked her up and carried her away that stirred a primal desire. Her saving grace was the fact that part of her couldn’t get past the hair. She felt too much desire for this man that looked like hygiene was a foreign word. Had he been groomed (not well groomed, just groomed) she would’ve been rolling on the paint covered floor with him right now.

She bent down to put on the socks stuffed into her boots then the boots themselves, concentrating on the task like it was brain surgery so she could avoid the thoughts running around her mind.

“You know those boots aren’t practical work boots, not with that funky heel. Why do you have cowgirl boots anyway? You’re not a cowgirl”

She looked down at the tall boots made from full grain brown leather with a turquoise underlay design, contrast stitching and a pointed toe. “One, they are cute. Two, I’m planning a chic country wedding and these are my muse. Three, you don’t have to be a cowgirl to wear cowgirl boots. I mean, you’re not a lumberjack and you’re dressed like that. Unless….”

“Unless what?” he prompted her to finish.

“I can keep a secret. Are you the reincarnation of Paul Bunyan?” she whispered.

“If I’m Paul, where’s Babe? Paul didn’t travel anywhere without Babe.”

“How do you know that? Only Paul would know that. ”

“There are stories about them.”

“What color did the stories say Babe was?”

“Babe was a blue ox.”

“What color is your truck?”

“Blue,” he laughed.

“See, I’ve figured it out. Some weird magic brought you back as Cooper,” she said making air quotes when she said his name. “But you couldn’t just walk around with a blue ox, so Babe became a blue colored behemoth of a gas guzzler.”

He slowed the truck to a crawl and looked around as if to make sure no one or nothing else was around. “Now that you’ve figured it out, what am I going to do with you?” he said in a deep, menacing voice before laughing in an exaggerated evil laugh. “I think you’ve inhaled too many paint fumes,” he laughed and began to accelerate again.

“I know what you want to do with me, but you’d need more of the magic that brought you and Babe back to life to get that.”

“When the time comes that I get to do that with you, and I’m confident that time will come, it won’t take magic, it’ll just feel that way.”

She had little doubt that they’d end up doing the horizontal samba, and that it would feel magical. It frustrated her that he could get her so heated and remain so cool.

He pointed out the window. “That’s my mom’s house.” Within a couple of minutes of passing his mother’s house he began to slow down.

“I thought we were headed to your place.”

He nodded. “We’re here.”

“This isn’t the bar,” Noli said. A chuckle was his response. “I just see a couple of silos.”

He just kept slowly driving. She looked again, there were pine trees evenly planted circling the silo. Just inside of the trees the ground around them did seem to be compacted from vehicles driving over it frequently. There was also a well-manicured lawn between the dirt road and grain houses.

As he circled around the silos she saw this was not a run of the mill grain silo. On the side of the structure opposite the dirt road there were two rows of very large windows. A balcony ran along the top row of windows. There was a large wooden door painted black with a silver kick plate, lock and handle. He pulled to a stop just shy of a large natural cut limestone patio with grass growing between the cracks.

“You coming?” he asked. She hadn’t noticed he’d gotten out and had opened her door because she was preoccupied with taking in every detail. “Either you come voluntarily, or I carry you in.”

His threat got her attention she couldn’t take her body being in close contact with him again “I’m coming.” She jumped down and followed him towards his house.

“Wait a minute, this is your place?”

“Yeah.”

“What about that tiny little apartment?”

“I live there too.”

Her eyes narrowed at him. “Why would you stay there if you have this?”

“Convenience,” he said.

He kept walking, but she didn’t. She stood with a hand on her hip. “Why did you lie to me?”

“I didn’t lie to you. I do live in the apartment if I’m too tired or too drunk.”

“You don’t live there, you just crash there. Why not bring me here?”

“Convenience.”

“Is that you’re favorite word?”

“It was just easier to let you work at the apartment then bring you here. Plus you were closer to the space to set-up.”

She couldn’t argue with his logic, but she wanted to. “But why not even mention this place?”

He ran a hand through his hair, remembering the globs of paint after it got all over his hand. “Magnolia, habits are hard to break. I’m just used to telling females about the apartment only.”

“Because that’s where you go for an easy lay?”

He raised a shoulder in a noncommittal agreement. “Chicks see a place like this and they think I have loot. They see a small place above a bar, they think I’m struggling to keep the doors open.”

“Maybe you should leave the chicks in their coop. No pun intended. What do they say when they see this place?”

“Nothing. They don’t see this place.”

“Then why am I here?”

“Let’s go get cleaned up.”

His jovial and flirtatious demeanor of earlier was muted by seriousness. So she let it die. She was less upset that he’d kept this place a secret and more upset that it must mean she was the only one developing feelings.

The interior impressed her as much as the outside had. The floors were a deep brown wood, wider than the laminate flooring standard in cookie cutter houses. The base boards were painted a deep dark brown to match. The walls were a soft beige that reflected the sunlight from the windows.

A staircase curved up the wall to the right of the door. To the left was a spacious living room with a balcony overhead that opened up to a loft. The sofa and chairs had minimal lines and there was a huge ottoman that acted as a coffee table. Beyond the living room was a large island that delineated the beginning of the kitchen that had cabinets and a sink curved with the wall. The refrigerator was out of view and must have been on the other side of the wall that rose a few feet from the island.

Against the wall was a flat screen TV. Below the TV was a rustic credenza that likely housed his electronic components. There was a large dining table made from a tree that had been cut lengthwise instead of across, leaving an irregular edge. A hodgepodge of twelve high back chairs. Though the backs were different they all had the same rich navy blue cushions.

Behind the dining room table was a fireplace that also curved with the wall. The surround and chimney rust and gray toned natural slate tiles. She followed the chimney up until it disappeared into the floor above. There was a railing for the second floor that curved around the full circumference of the silo leaving the conical pitch of the roof visible from the ground level. On one half of the second floor was an open loft on the other side there were doors.

“Cooper, I’ve seen many cool places. Like an ice hotel in Sweden, but this is the coolest place I’ve ever seen.”

“Thank you. I’m going to let you go first. While you’re in the shower I’ll get lunch started for us.”

“Oh, I’m not hungry.”

“Well, I am. You can watch me eat,” he said as he bounded up the stairs.

She followed behind him. Once on the second level she could see the lofted space across the way. It was set up as an office and entertainment room. There was a pool table and a TV even bigger than the one downstairs with a couple of over-sized chairs instead of a sofa. There was a desk that ran along the wall just below the windows. She liked this place. It was a circle. No beginning but more importantly, no end.

She followed him through the door to his bedroom and fell irrevocably in love with the house. There were no windows on the wall, but the entire ceiling was windows. She could see herself lying in his arms watching the clouds roll by on a lazy Sunday afternoon or watching the stars overhead after a night of lovemaking.

“What are you thinking?”

The smile on his face made her wonder if he could read her mind or if she’d spoken out loud by accident. She told a half truth. “Just admiring the beautiful sky.”

“It is beautiful,” he said. He was still looking directly at her and not up to the sky. “Here’s a towel. There’ll be clothes on the bed for you when you get out.”

More than a half hour later she was still in the shower. “Hey, I’d like some hot water too,” he called through the bathroom door.

“But this shower feels so good.”

“If you don’t come out I’m coming in.”

“The door is locked.”

“You don’t think I know how to unlock a door in my own home?” The water immediately shut off. “There are clothes on the bed for you,” he said through the door.

“Thanks.” When she walked out with the thick fluffy towel wrapped around her thin frame almost twice, he was gone and the bedroom door was closed. The clean white towel contrasted against her glistening brown skin. On the bed were a pair of jeans, a buffalo plaid shirt similar to the ones he wore everyday like a uniform, and a pair of socks in a ball. Commando wasn’t her style. It made her feel uncomfortable. The thought of wearing one of his women’s jeans with no underwear was downright disgusting.

She looked around but didn’t see a dresser so she went into the closet. The dresser was built into the far wall. She searched several drawers and couldn’t find a boxer, a brief, a boxer brief, not even a Speedo. In the fifth drawer she found his underwear, including an unopened pack of Christmas themed boxers with a remnant of the wrapping paper still stuck under a piece of tape. She selected a pair with a smile and grabbed one of his undershirts too.

She didn’t want to wear the jeans forgotten by one of his conquests, but she had no choice. When she put on his shirt she realized she did have a choice. Since he was over a foot taller his shirt reached to just above her knee at the longer scoop in the front and back, and to about mid-thigh on the sides. The boxers wouldn’t stay up, not even when she rolled the waistband a couple of times. She had an idea.

She returned to the closet and found a braided black belt. She didn’t know they still existed, but was grateful that he had one. She wrapped it around her waist making the shirt look like a dress on her thin frame. The boxers were caught tightly in the belt and would stay up, she hoped. She put on his fresh socks and her boots.

By the time she’d finished dressing her hair had started drying. She rifled through her large purse and found an elastic band and small bottle of hair lotion she kept in her purse in case her luggage was lost as she traveled. Not every country had hair care products for a black woman’s hair. She massaged the lotion into her hair and pulled it into a ponytail that would dry into a large puff.

She grabbed her purse and turned into the hall the way she’d come in and walked smack dab into a wall that wasn’t there before. She took a step back and saw that the wall she’d bumped into was in fact a bare chested Cooper with a towel slung so low on his hips that he was literally just a hair away from being nude.

The towel was similar to the one she’d dried off with, except where it had surrounded her almost twice, it looked like he’d tried to wrap his thick muscular frame with a washcloth. He was all muscle, even his shoulders. His biceps looked bigger than her thigh. Speaking of thighs, his bulged against the towel. If he were green, he would actually be the Hulk- the Lou Ferrigno version circa the 1970s television not the CGI movie version. Her gaze never reached his face because she was taking mental pictures of his chest, and arms, and abs, and wondering what she’d find if she’d followed the line of black hair on his abdomen that disappeared beneath the towel.

He cleared his throat causing her to look up and notice his face for the first time. Her eyes grew large. His wiry beard was gone. In its place was a neatly trimmed beard that lightly covered his strong jaw line. His lips were no longer partially hidden by a thick black mustache. The better to kiss with she thought. His hair was still a thick black mass atop his head. This transformation was dangerous. Maybe it was better for her to look at his chest. It was less tempting than his face. She glanced back down at his chest and decided there was little hope for resisting this temptation no matter where she looked.

“You’re not wearing any pants.”

“I didn’t feel like putting on one of your one night stand’s jeans.”

“Are you jealous?”

“Not at all.”

“Good, because they were a pair of my mother’s jeans.”

She felt a slight embarrassment about her incorrect assumption. “At any rate, I like the shirt as a dress better anyway.”

He smirked. “Isn’t it a little short for you to wear commando?”

“I don’t know. You tell me,” she said as she turned and slowly bent all the way over. She smiled at the sharp intake of breath she heard him take as the dress began to rise further up her bare legs. The shirt turned dress hugged her butt not revealing her underwear or lack thereof.

“I can’t see if you’re commando or not.”

She turned slowly and smiled. Her wanton display seemed to excite him as much as his nearly naked body made her pulse race. But she wasn’t finished playing with fire.

She slowly gathered the shirt’s hem in her hands and began to pull it up. She heard him take another sharp breath as the shirt inched its way up her thigh. His chest began to rise and fall again once he saw the green boxers with a bright red bow.

“Is that present for me?”

“Maybe.”

“There’s no such thing as maybe. There’s just yes or no, and the person that is too afraid of admitting either of those answers. I think your answer is yes. Are you afraid to tell me yes?”

“I just didn’t want to see a grown man cry when I told you no. You should be getting in the shower.”

“I was hoping you would cut my hair before I showered.”

“What about the bet? Won’t you be going back on it?”

“Nope.”

“Diane said Jack cut his hair shortly after they met. What exactly was the bet?”

“I can’t tell you.”

“Then I can’t cut your hair.”

“If you cut my hair I’ll tell you.”

She smirked. “Deal.”





Chapter 8




It felt good to watch Noli admire him the way she had in the hallway because it meant he wasn’t alone in the desire department. His shirt on her was the sexiest thing he’d ever seen. There was something about his big shirt that made her seem even more petite. It would be nice to see her in his shirt the morning after wild passionate sex. Except the morning after she wouldn’t have on those boots that stopped just below her knee and bought all the attention to her exposed thin yet shapely thighs exposed between them and the shirt’s bottom.

She’d left the top few buttons unbuttoned, exposing smooth dark chocolate colored skin until his V-neck t-shirt that she was wearing covered her. It was erotic to know that a shirt that had been against his bare chest was now against her small pert breasts. He knew her breast were bare because her bra was in her pile of dirty clothes.

His train of thought made it very difficult to control his reaction, but he had to with only the towel to disguise his body’s primitive response to her. He’d had to stand with his hands clasped together in front of his groin when she raised his shirt up. He was still very happy he had big hands, very big hands, even after she exposed nothing more than a pair of boxers his mother had gotten him this past Christmas. He’d been flirted with by women with bigger breast, fuller hips, and longer legs than hers, but he’d never felt as attracted to them as he was to her.

“Why don’t you cut it yourself,” Magnolia asked.

“I’ve tried. The results make me look like I’ve lost a bet.”

“How short do you want it?”

“Short. I’ve had it this long long enough.”

“When did you lose the bet?”

“October.”

“What was the bet?” she asked again.

“I’ll tell you after you cut my hair.” He crossed his fingers out of sight like he used to do as a kid when he told a bold faced lie. She began cutting without question and months of hair growth began to fall to the floor.

“How’d you come to live in a silo?”

“I moved back home when I graduated college.”

“Where’d you go?”

“Notre Dame.”

“Why not Indiana?”

“Notre Dame was offering a better scholarship.”

“For what?”

“Seriously? You get one guess.”

“Well an academic scholarship is a long shot. So I’ll guess ballet?”

He reached out and tickled her side. “You’re ticklish?”

“Hey, you don’t want to tickle me again. I have clippers to your head.”

“Okay, I’ll keep my hands to myself.” Then he mumbled, “For now.” There was no need for using his hands. Her thighs touched his as she stood straddling his and concentrating on creating a seamless transition from hair to beard. Her breasts were at eye level and he did long to reach out and touch them or even better taste them. He’d worn the towel to tempt her, but the result was his frustration and had him looking forward to a long cold shower.

“So you played football at Notre Dame.”

“I did. I graduated with a 3.6 GPA.

“That’s pretty impressive.”

“You already know I’m pretty impressive,” he said smirking.

“Not really, that was the first thing about you to impress me.” He tickled her again causing her to wiggle and move her leg in dangerous proximity to his groin.

“Hey, do you want me to mess this up?”

“No.” He clasped his hands together back on his lap.

“You were saying, you’d moved back after college.”

The more she pretended she wasn’t attracted to him, the more it attracted him. She was a challenge. A challenge he could easily overcome, but definitely more of a challenge than most women usually posed.

“I came back to help run the bar because it had never been my grandpa’s thing and he wanted to retire. College had given me a certain level of freedom that I was accustomed to, so after a few months of living with my mom and grandpa, I had to move. Buying a house wasn’t an option at the time.”

“What about the apartment?”

“That wasn’t added on until later when my brews had me spending a lot of late nights at the bar. I created a studio apartment in the attic by adding a shower and small kitchenette.”

“And a bed.”

“Are you interested in seeing my bed? We wouldn’t have to go all the way to the bar. There’s one upstairs.”

“Cooper. Cooper. Wake up!” she said snapping her fingers in front of his face.

“I am awake,” he said confused.

“You are? Then you must be day dreaming if you think you could get me into your bed.”

He smiled. “As I was saying, living with my mom and grandpa was frustrating and I couldn’t afford much or it was too far away. One night I was driving and I came up on these two old silos. I had the idea that with less cash than a house and a lot of sweat, I could make this livable.”

“This place took more than a little cash to create.”

“When I first moved in, it was rough. Just slightly above living in a cardboard box. My mom kept begging me to come back home. For the next few years, if I wasn’t working a shift at the bar, or brewing, I was here working. Same thing with money, all of it went to either the bar, making beer, or creating this home.”

“Your hard work shows.”

“Thanks. I had to get creative for much of it. The floors downstairs were reclaimed from an old barn that was about to get torn down. The dining room table was from a tree that got struck by lightning.”

“You’ve created a lovely and unique home,” she said looking around. Is that why you don’t bring floozies here.”

He chuckled. “I’ve never been with a floozy. I thought they went extinct in like the 1950s anyway.”

“Well what do you call them?”

“Beautiful women who’ve offered me a bit of their time.”

“I think that’s the exact definition of a floozy. Is that why you don’t bring them here? Is this your home and while they’re good enough to, um, share a bit of time with, they’re not good enough to invade your sanctuary.”

“Most of the women I spend time with aren’t looking for anything long term and this place is long term.”

“Is it them not looking for long term or you?” she asked.

“Both. They know I’m not looking long term and they’re okay with that so I assume they’re not looking for anything serious either.”

She stopped cutting his hair, but the clippers still buzzed in her hand. “So you’re a confirmed bachelor? You don’t want a relationship? You don’t plan on taking the leap down the aisle like your friend?”

“Not at all. Running as fast as I can from that fate.”

“What about kids? What about Paul Bunyan Jr.?”

“Much to the dismay of my mother, no.”

“Hmm.”

She had moved in front of him and was looking him directly in the eyes, but he didn’t have a clue how to interpret her ‘hmm’. He was hoping she wasn’t a souler, one of those women that believed in happily ever after with their soul mate. His hopes weren’t too high though, a woman like her was probably only interested in to-death-do-us-part. As gung-ho as she’d been about planning her cousin’s wedding, it wouldn’t surprise him if she’d planned every aspect of hers and was just waiting to insert the groom.

“What’s ‘hmm’, mean?”

“I guess it means that’s interesting.”

“What’s so interesting about it?”

She raised an eyebrow and shook her head. “Nothing. It just is.” She turned the clippers off.

“You done? That seemed fast.” He reached up and answered his own question. Half his hair was shaved into a low buzz cut and the other half was a couple of inches above it.

“What was the bet about?” she asked.

“What?”

“I’ll finish your hair when you tell me what the bet’s about.”

“I’ll tell you when you’re done,” he persuaded.

“No you won’t.”

“Yes I will,” he lied.

“Something tells me you won’t.”

“I won’t,” he confessed, hating that she saw through him. “I can’t. It’s part of the rules.”

“Then finish up the rest yourself,” she said and extended the clippers towards him.

“You wouldn’t leave me like this.”

“Wanna bet?” she said sitting the clippers on the counter behind him then began to sweep.

“You’re good.”

“If you only knew how good I am,” she said with a knowing smile.

“I didn’t lose a bet.”

“This was voluntary and not some sort of punishment.”

“Oh, it was a punishment. It just wasn’t the result of losing a bet. It was the bet.”

“I don’t quite understand,” she said.

“For Halloween I was dressed as—”

“Paul Bunyan!”

“Yes,” he conceded.

“I knew I was right.” She shook her hips in a victory dance.

“Jack was dressed as a redneck, with a mullet wig. I may have been a little less than sober when I bet he couldn’t get a woman if he looked like that for real. He accepted the challenge but only if I do too.”

“How did you even remember such an idiotic bet when you were sober?”

“We’d written down on napkins and signed it.”

“So what? The bet was stupid.”

“Hey, even a stupid bet is a bet. I’m a man of my word.”

“You’re not a man. You’re the biggest twelve year old ever.”

“It’s a man thing, you wouldn’t understand.”

“It’s a juvenile thing and I’ve matured beyond understanding it.”

“You questioning my manhood?” Before she could answer, he pulled her down onto his lap and kissed her with determination and skill. He wanted to prove he was one-hundred percent man. And he did, kissing her until she was breathless.

“If you keep kissing me like that I’ll never finish your hair.” He released her and she resumed cutting his hair. They were both too preoccupied with the kiss to talk.

She stepped between his legs to get a better angle with the clippers, her leg brushed against his erection. She jumped, careful not to make an accidental cut. Their eyes met and it took every bit of self-control to not act on the desire he saw, He wanted her to finish so he could find some release in that cold shower he was going to have to take.

A few minutes later she turned the clippers off. “All done,” she said from behind him. She began to brush hair off of his shoulders. Her touch was soft and left a heat trail on his skin. He closed his eyes hoping his excitement wouldn’t poke out of the towel. She continued to brush his shoulder long after the hair had to be gone. Her brushing gesture turned into a kneed as she began to massage his shoulders.

“You seem tight. You need to relax.”

“I’m relaxed. That’s just the way muscle feels.”

“Is it? Let me see.” Her small hands began to slide down his chest. On the way back up she let her nails dig gently into his flesh. She splayed her hands out and rubbed her way all the way down his abdomen. The sight of her dark skin against his lighter flesh brought him to the edge of his control. Her mouth was next to his ear.

“My hands can’t tell if this is the way muscles feels, maybe I can tell better with my lips.” She took his ear into her mouth, biting with her teeth. Her mouth then moved its way down his neck, leaving searing hot kisses.

“Magnolia. You need to stop.”

She stopped long enough to move to his other side and suck that earlobe into her mouth. “I may need to, but I don’t want to.” Her mouth traced a path down the other side of his thick neck. He took her hand and pulled her around in front of him.

“Baby, I need you to stop because I won’t be able to.”

“Why would you need to stop?” she asked innocently.

“Are you sure?”

“I am.”

“Then why don’t we go upstairs and you can help me wash the rest of this hair off.”

She nodded. He bounded out the chair, swooped her over his shoulder and headed up the stairs two at a time.

He lowered her gently onto the bed on her back. He stepped between her legs, which still dangled over the side of the bed. Her boots were the first to go, followed quickly by her sox. He wanted to see, touch, and taste every inch of her. He unfastened his belt from around her waist, then unbuttoned his shirt she was wearing. He’d never been so aroused by taking his clothes off, probably because he’d never taken them off a woman.

The unbuttoned shirt revealed her taut nipples straining against the cotton t-shirt. Her breast were larger than he’d thought. He ran his thumb over her nipple. She bit her lip and moaned at the feel of it. He considered himself a generous lover, but never had he gotten so much pleasure from giving.

He caressed her skin just under the t shirt. She continued to sigh and moan with each touch and caress. She reached up and ran a finger along his arms. He grabbed her hands and kissed each one.

“You’re my present, let me enjoy unwrapping you. If you touch me, I’ll skip ahead.”

“You need to unwrap faster because I can’t take much more.” She lifted the undershirt over her head. He licked his lips at the sight of her exposed breast.

He knew he would no longer be able to take his time any longer. He dropped the towel from around his waist, which elicited a quiet expletive from her lips. He paused briefly at one of the nightstands and opened up a brand new box of condoms. He knew what prompted him to buy the protection, but he didn’t think too much about what had prompted him to bring them to his house and not the apartment. Now wasn’t a time for thinking, it was a time for action. He had a present to play with.



***



They lay in bed together a couple of hours later, exhausted but sated more than either of them had ever been. Most of the bedding was on the floor, the fitted sheet had been worked off of a corner leaving the mattress exposed. One of Noli’s slim legs was draped over one of Cooper’s massive thighs. He turned to look at her. She was looking towards the clouds passing overhead, but he could tell her mind was a million miles away.

“You okay?”

She turned to face him. “Not really. For some strange reason I’m hungry.” She smiled and began to trace his jaw lazily.

“I meant are you okay about this. About what we did to work up that appetite.”

“Yeah. This wasn’t my first time riding a horse. It’s not like I’m a saintly good girl like Diane.”

“You mean she’s a…”

“Sure is. She believes in waiting ‘til marriage.”

“Jack must have it bad,” he said understanding his friend’s occasional irritability lately. Wanting someone, but not being able to have them was frustrating.

“As if putting a ring on it after a month wasn’t proof enough of that fact.”

“They’re either very in love or very stupid.”

“Aren’t those one in the same?”

“So you’re okay with the fact that I’m not looking for love, marriage, and a couple of babies? You’re not secretly wishing to change my mind about those things?”

“I’m secretly wishing that we can keep whatever this is secret from Diane. If she found out she’d be overtly trying to get us down the aisle.” Her hand aimlessly wander over his muscles.

“That’s not something you want?”

She looked up at him. “You and I want the same thing. Or should I say we don’t want the same thing. Marriage and kids are all part of happily ever after. To me happily ever afters are like gifts from Santa Claus, if you don’t believe in him he won’t drop down your chimney with a gift. You have to believe happily ever afters exist to have one. I don’t believe they’re real.”

“And I thought I was cynical. Why don’t you believe in happy endings?”

She rested her head back on his chest. “I um, I have my reasons, but this is supposed to be fun and this conversation is heading into not fun territory. Discussing feelings is for relationships.”

He didn’t understand why the fact that she was so willing to rule out them having a relationship bothered him, but it did. This was someone he’d only just met, but there was a part of him that believed if he could make a relationship work with any woman it would be her. He immediately silenced that part of him.

He didn’t know Noli’s reasons, but he’d seen the dark side of love. He’d lived it. His mother’s love for his father ruined her. When his father left, he took a part of his mom with him. She was like a ghost of who she used to be. Her laugh wasn’t as hearty. Her smile always held a hint of pain. Her eyes had a look of longing for someone who could care less about her or their son.

His thoughts were interrupted when Noli climbed on top of him. He wasn’t quite ready to go a fourth time, but he just needed a few minutes of touching her to get him there. He didn’t have that opportunity to test that theory.

“I’m going to take a quick shower.” She brushed a kiss on his lips and scooted off him and the bed.

He sat up and swung his feet on the floor. “I’ll join you.”

“If you join me we’ll never get those errands done. I don’t want to make up excuses why we didn’t get to them. My cousin can see right through me.”

He laid back down, unashamed of his nudity, and watched her disappear into the bathroom.



***



Noli shut the bathroom door behind her and leaned against it. She rubbed her hands over her face. What had she gotten herself into? Feelings were swirling around inside like a tornado bent on obliterating the fortress she’d built around her heart.

She wanted to run. Out of sight, out of mind right? But she couldn’t do that. The wedding was still a couple of months away so she couldn’t run. A couple of months of Cooper might have her waiving the white flag and surrendering her heart. Who was she kidding, she was already running the flag up the pole.

She let the shower spray wash over her face so she could convince herself there were no tears, just water running down her face. She stayed in the shower long after the residue of love making was washed away because it took that long to wash away the feelings that were trying to take root.

She got out of the shower and found the clothes and put them back on. When she walked back into the bedroom Cooper was still sprawled across the bed with no clothes on. He took up most of the bed. Just looking at him tempted her to discard her clothes again and join him. She hadn’t expected him to be as giving and attentive as he was. When they were together she felt whole again. He was magnificent.

“Did you just call me magnificent?”

She hadn’t realized the word had escaped her mouth as she looked at him. She hated feeding his ego, regardless of how justified he was in much of his cockiness. “Your shower, I called your shower magnificent.”

“Did you save me any hot water?”

“Enough. You mind if I raid your fridge?”

“Go for it. If you hear me scream, don’t worry, it’s just my reaction to the cold water,” he teased.

“I know you’re trying to make me feel guilty, but I don’t,” she said as she left the room.

When she finished sweeping up his hair she opened his refrigerator. It was typical for a bachelor, lots of beer and various Styrofoam containers with leftover takeout. There were also a vegetable bin full of apples, pears, and other various fruits. She selected a pear and opened a bottle of water. She sat down on the bar stool at his counter and began to flip through a bridal magazine from her purse.

Planning weddings were fun, but the actual marriage was hard work. She was glad that she got to have the fun and not put in any of the work that followed. If she ever decided to settle down, maybe she could be an event planner. It was something she’d often done for friends and family. She was pretty good at it, perhaps she could make it a career. Why was she thinking of a career? Careers imply some type of permanency. Much like relationships, permanency was something she didn’t do.

Before she could switch tracks on her train of thought, the doorbell rang. The shower was running up stairs so it wasn’t likely that Cooper could hear it. She didn’t want to be presumptuous and answer, but this far out in the middle of nowhere, perhaps she should. The door began to open before she could get to it. In walked Cooper’s mother, Daphne. When she saw Noli standing there she did a double take before smiling.

“Hello, sweetheart.”

“Hello, Daphne.”

“Is Cooper here?”

“He’s taking a shower.”

“Oh.”

Noli hadn’t spent much time with Daphne, so she didn’t know exactly how to interpret that one syllable word that could mean a multitude of things. Noli hated the silence. The seconds of silence seemed like minutes and made her nervous thoughts race like a fifty yard dash. Noli swore she smelled sex in the air or maybe it still on her even after that long shower. She hoped it was just her nervous conscious playing tricks on her nose.

Could his mother tell what they’d been doing less than an hour ago? What was the protocol for the non-girlfriend when the mother shows up unexpectedly? Did she go upstairs and tell Cooper? No, that would be admitting she knew where the bedroom was and had no qualms about possibly seeing Cooper naked. Does she offer her a drink like she was the host and his mother was a visitor? Noli just stood there, immobilized by her thoughts.

She hoped Daphne would put her out of her misery to no avail. “We had a mishap while painting and wanted to get cleaned up before we ran a couple of errands,” Noli finally said.

Daphne just smiled and nodded. Noli didn’t know how plausible the other woman found the partial truth she’d tried to feed her.

“I spilled some paint,” Noli added.

“That’s why Cooper’s in the shower?” Finally Daphne gave her a reprieve. “Is he being helpful?”

“Yes. He’s pretty handy.”

“If you don’t mind I’m going to have a seat and wait.”

“Oh, so sorry.” Noli noticed she was blocking Daphne from moving beyond the entryway.

Daphne just continued to smile without saying anything. Noli felt an overwhelming need for this woman to like her. If this woman didn’t like her it would mean doom for her relationship with Cooper and she could lose him. Wait a minute, what relationship with Cooper? What was there to lose? They were just having fun. He didn’t mean anything to her so it shouldn’t matter what his mother thought. But it did. That tornado of emotions picked up speed.

Noli felt her anxiety increasing and knew she needed to get it under control before she had another panic attack. She resumed her seat at the kitchen island and pretended to look at magazine pages while she concentrated on taking steady even breaths and singing ‘Winter Wonderland’ in her head. The carol calmed her, it made her feel at peace.

“How’s the wedding coming?” Daphne asked.

“Good.” She couldn’t manage more than the one word.

“I’ve heard you have some great ideas.”

She simply nodded. Her heart rate was slowing, but it was still elevated. The adrenaline build up hadn’t totally worked its way out of her system.

“Are you okay sweetheart?”

“Just feeling a bit faint, this pear is the only thing I’ve had to eat today.” She’d become pretty good at lying about her panic attacks in the months since they started. The first one she had landed her in an emergency room in Tampa. She had been enjoying beaches on the Gulf for about a week when she decided to drive the short distance to Orlando to enjoy the outlets there. She was on the highway when a semi-truck driving too close to the lane dividing line past her. She felt like she was going to die.

A couple of miles later she pulled over to the side of the road when her chest got tight. A kind family on their way to Disney World, pulled over to help her and called 911. That was the last time she drove. It was interesting explaining to the car rental agency that the car that was returned via tow truck was mechanically sound without saying she was the one broken.

“Well, that boy needs to hurry out of the shower and take you to get something to eat. I know it’s hard to tell from the way his fridge looks, but he’s quite the cook. Most of those containers are experiments he’s done at his bar and brought home. Maybe he could fix you a nice lunch.”

“I don’t know, we have a lot of errands to run.”

“He’s taking you where you need to go?”

“He is.”

“You can borrow my dad’s old car. I hardly ever use it and it runs great.”

Noli couldn’t keep the panic out of her eyes. “Thanks for the offer, but I’d spend most of my time driving around lost. I have no sense of direction, even with GPS.” She’d become the mistress of excuses.

“You don’t drive do you?”

“Excuse me?”

“You don’t drive.” Daphne mimicked holding a steering wheel.

Noli shook her head to indicate she didn’t drive then thought maybe she should nod because Daphne was correct but thought that would confuse it more. “No, I don’t drive.”

Daphne came and stood in front of Noli, taking her hand into hers. “Jack’s mom told me about your parents. That’s why you don’t drive isn’t it?” Noli nodded. “You don’t really feel faint either do you? That was a panic attack starting wasn’t it? And you probably have them when you think about driving.”

Noli was shocked. No one had ever questioned her excuses. Or read her so easily. It surprised her that this woman, a practical stranger, recognized her for what she was, a mess. Tears welled in her eyes. “Driving is one of my triggers. How did you know?”

“I used to get them all the time back when Cooper’s dad cut out. Then of course it just fell under the big umbrella of ‘stress’. I was never quite as good at stopping them as you seem to be.”

“Winter Wonderland. I sing that song in my head and pace my breathing.” She couldn’t believe she was discussing this.

“Well, if Cooper is ever too busy to take you where you need to go, just give me a call.”

“Okay. Would you mind not sharing this with Cooper or anyone else?”

“No problem. Your secret’s safe with me.”

“What triggered the one just a moment ago?”

“I don’t know,” Noli lied, not wanting to reveal the emotions that freaked her out. “There are some things I know will set it off and then other times I’m blindsided.” It felt good to talk about any part of her disorder with someone that understood and not just pitied her. It was like a weight was lifted. “Thank you.”

“Anytime. You’re practically family.”

“Excuse me?” There was no longer any doubt as to whether or not Daphne knew what had happened upstairs. She knew, she most definitely knew.

“Jack and Cooper are like brothers, which makes Diane like a daughter to me and since you’re her family you’re just a couple of months away from being family too.”

“Oh,” Noli said only partially relieved.

“Since we’re family I can ask you something I’ve been pondering since I arrived. Where are your pants?”

The question was posed so sweetly she didn’t even know what hit her. This was a very clever woman. “Mine got messed up—”

“In the infamous paint spill.” Daphne nodded understanding.

Noli now understood that Cooper’s tenacity was a genetic trait. “He offered me some jeans, apparently a pair of yours, but I thought this was a cute dress.”

“I hope you’re not going au natural under there it’s kind of breezy out today. It’s pretty short on the sides, but if I was young and had those legs, my dresses would be barely there too. ”

Of course this was the part of the conversation Cooper joined them for. He smiled at his mother’s comment before placing a kiss on her cheek. “Mom are you giving her a hard time?”

“Not as hard a time as Cooper probably gives you.” Daphne smiled. “He can be quite difficult to get along with.”

Noli wanted to leave, but she couldn’t. So she did the next best thing and found a reason to leave the Smiths alone. “May I borrow your Wi-Fi? I can’t seem to get a signal out here.”

“Sure. Let me show you where the key code is.”

“Is it on the router?”

“It is, upstairs on the desk.”



***



Cooper watched Noli ascend the stairs. He turned back to his mother who was watching him watch Noli. She had that saccharin sweet smile on her face that let him know she was about to switch into meddling mother mode. “Why are you here, mom?”

“I didn’t know I needed a reason to visit my only child,” she said sounding wounded.

“Of course not. Just it’s the middle of the day in the middle of the week.”

“Am I interrupting something?” She looked up towards the loft where Noli was.

If she’d shown up an hour earlier she would have been interrupting the best love making, err sex, of his life. “Not interrupting anything.”

“I was supposed to be here to let in the washer repairman because you were going to be busy.”

“I’m sorry mom. They were able to come a couple of days ago. It’s already fixed. I forgot to call you.”

“That’s okay. You’re preoccupied so I wasn’t surprised to see your truck in the drive. I was however quite surprised to see Noli here. ”

“Why? You know I’m her chauffeur.”

“Yes, I am well aware that you’re helping her. You’re helping her plan a wedding. That’s quite out of character.”

“Mom, you know Jack’s like a brother. I’d do anything for him. And I’m not helping her plan, I’m just the chauffeur,” he insisted.

“Oh, this is about Jack?” Daphne asked.

“Yeah, that’s the only reason I’m doing it.”

“Uh-huh. What motivated you to cut your hair and stop looking like a vagrant?”

“Diane said she didn’t want it in her wedding.”

“If I didn’t think I’d hurt my hand I’d spank you for lying to me. Why did you to bring her here?” she said putting emphasis on the last word.

“We needed to get cleaned up from the paint.”

“There’s a shower at the apartment. You could have taken her there like you usually do with your female friends. Why did you bring her here?”

“She’s different, ma.”

A smile of satisfaction crossed her face. “I’m glad you can admit it.”

“Not like that. My best friend is marrying her cousin. She’s going to be around, so I couldn’t quite lie to her about where I live.”

“But you have no problem standing here and lying to me?” She held her hand up to stop him from responding. “I know you’re lying to me because you want it to be the truth. Lie to me if you must, but be honest with yourself. Think about why you’ve brought her into the sanctuary that is your home when no other woman that wasn’t related has ever been here.”

“Rose has been here.”

She rolled her eyes. “You just said Jack was like a brother, so Rose is a relative for all practical purposes. You need to be truthful with yourself. You brought her here for a reason. At any rate, what did she think of the house?”

He was grateful for the subject change. His mother knew when to leave well enough alone most of the time. He smiled remembering how Noli looked at the place with wonder. “She was impressed.”

“See, it’s that smile you just got on your face thinking about her appreciating your home that you need to be honest about.” Cooper’s smile fell. This was obviously not one of the times she was going to drop a subject. “I know, you want me to go. Just remember that if you’d called and told me you didn’t need me to wait for the repairman you wouldn’t have had to listen to me. I love you.”

“I love you too.”

“Tell Noli I’ll be in contact.”

“Why?”

“You’ll tell her because I told you to.”

“I meant why will you be in contact?”

“To help with the wedding of course. Jack’s like a son to me and a brother to you, I’d do anything for him.”

“Whatever you say.”

“Let me know if you can’t take her anywhere and I’ll take her.”

“If I can’t take her, she can always just borrow my truck.”

“She’s too little for that big old truck. Plus, she has a horrible sense of direction. I don’t want her getting lost. She’d likely end up in Kentucky.”

“My truck’s got GPS. I’m not sure what you intend to achieve with your meddling, but it won’t work.”

Daphne reached out and touched his forearm. Her facial expression was serious. “Have her call me if she needs to go somewhere. This isn’t me trying to meddle, this is me helping a friend. You understand?”

Cooper recognized the look in his mother’s eye, she was being protective of Magnolia for some reason. The one thing Cooper understood was that getting in the way of his mom when she was in protection mode was like walking the African Savannah with a raw meat necklace.

“I understand.”

“Well, I’m going to go. It’s good to have my son back,” she said as she reached up and patted his shaved face.

Cooper walked his mom to the door and then headed upstairs. Voices were known to carry in the house, especially from downstairs up into the loft. He hoped Noli hadn’t heard what his mom had said. It appeared that she hadn’t. She was curled up in a chair tapping and sliding away on her tablet. “What’re you doing?”

“I’m making a list of supplies and a schedule of what needs to be bought and done over the next week.” She answered him without looking at him.

Her focus was zoned on the task at hand. It was possible she was concentrating this hard and hadn’t heard the conversation downstairs. He hated to admit it, but his mother was right. He did need to figure out why he brought her here. The thought of taking her to his apartment hadn’t even crossed his mind and she didn’t feel out of place in his personal space. In fact, it was almost as if she belonged there. Almost.





Chapter 9




The next few weeks went by like a movie montage. There were shots of the days the old wine tasting room as it transformed into to a banquet hall. Scenes where things were scrubbed and swept. All the barrels were moved to their new storage space. Salvaged chandeliers were painted to a uniform distressed white, wired, and hung from the rafters. Delivery after delivery was made. Magnolia had changed the shabby and distressed to elegant and beautiful.

There were the evenings of Cooper cooking for Magnolia, or them trying to play it cool while eating with the Sloan’s. Then there were the nights of passion. Okay, not just nights, but days and evenings too. Cooper had taken to carrying condoms in his wallet and keeping a box in his truck’s glove box so he’d always be prepared. And it seemed that he needed to be prepared at all times.

It wasn’t just because the sex was great. It was an emotional connection between the two that made the sex great. That connection made just being together great. She hated having to leave him at night and sleep alone in the Sloan’s guest bed. As the wedding drew near and Jack’s relatives had begun to descend on the farm, she tried to give up her room so that she could sleep through the night in his arms. But Rose insisted she continue to stay. Which meant she had a front row seat of the love birds.

She hated watching Jack and Diane’s displays of love. It wasn’t because she was jealous. To be jealous it would have meant that she wanted what they had, and she didn’t want that. She didn’t want love. It was just sex. Just a bit of fun while she was wedding planning. A wedding that was almost here. Once the vows were done, how long would she stay? She didn’t know the answer. She wouldn’t know the answer until it was time to go.

“The big day’s almost here, you need help with any last minute stuff?”

Noli jumped at the sound of Cooper’s voice. She was so lost in her thoughts she didn’t hear him coming. Seeing him, she knew she never wanted to leave him. That scared her and made her want to go.

“I was just going over my final check list,” she said raising her tablet.

“Did you check the sound system yet?”

She gasped. “That wasn’t even on my list.”

Cooper walked over to the newly installed system and attached his phone. After tapping the screen a few times the opening chords of Jon B. and Babyface’s ‘Someone to Love’ began to play.

“Sounds like it’s working,” he said. He reached his hand towards her. “May I have this dance?”

She shook her head.

“Come on, we need to test the dance floor, I’m sure it’s on your list.”

“It’s not, and you don’t want to slow dance with me right now. I’m sweaty.”

He raised an eyebrow and smirked. “I’ve slow danced with you plenty of times while you were sweaty.”

She laughed and conceded, taking his hand as he pulled her towards him. He took her by the waist and lifted her off the ground until she was over his head. She let out a yelp and then he slowly lowered her and took her into his arms. The music surrounded them as they swayed with her arms around his neck and his around her waist. She rested on his chest and tried to block out the words about learning to love again and the tightness they were causing in her chest.

The lyrics were hitting too close to home, too close to the truth of her feelings. He kissed her on the top of her head. The sweet gesture was the final straw that caused the tightness in her chest to increase until she was gasping for air. She pushed out of his arms and turned away from him.

It felt like she was about to pass out. She could feel her heart racing and couldn’t catch her breath. Forgetting how to breathe, she silently gasped for air. None of her tricks were working to stop this panic attack because she couldn’t remember any. Two thoughts occupied her mind. One was that she felt like she was about to die. The other was that Cooper was seeing her in full fledge freak out and would think she was a freak. Both thoughts increased her anxiety and she began to cry.

“Are you okay?”

Noli nodded, then shook her head and hunched her shoulders before nodding again. “I just need a moment.” He placed a hand on her shoulder. “Alone, please,” she said in a voice barely above a whisper as she turned to be sure he couldn’t see her face.

He backed away and turned the music off but he didn’t leave. His silent presence both comforted her and stressed her. With one of her parent’s favorite songs no longer playing, she began to feel normal after a few minutes.

“Sorry,” she said wiping away the last of her tears. “That song just made me miss my parents,” she lied. It wasn’t a total lie, she always missed her parents. It wasn’t the truth though. The truth was that she was beginning to feel too much for him and that scared her. Love was dangerous because life was fragile and death was strong enough to make love a painful faded memory.

“No, I should be sorry. I didn’t mean to make you sad.”

“There’s no way you could have known. I never know what will set me off or when.” He wasn’t freaked out at all. He was being the kind and caring Cooper she’d come to know and she hated it. She just wished he wasn’t a guy it would hurt to lose or leave.

“How about I help you with something that’s actually on your list of a list of a bunch more lists?”

“Sure, two sets of eyes are better than one and it’s just one list.” The smile on her face was genuine even if it didn’t reach her eyes. “Let’s start at the front and work our way to the back door.”

That’s just what they did. There was a table at the front with a guest registry book. It also held circular cross sections of a branch with a portion cut off the bottom so that it would sit flat. Burned into the wood were interlocking horseshoes and the words lucky in love burned into them. A cards with names were nestled in the thin slit that was cut into the top.

“These are nice. When did you make these?” Cooper said picking one up and turning it over. On the other side of the card was a border of swirls, with rhinestones following some of them, and one of Diane and Jack’s engagement pictures inside.

“What did you think I was over here doing all those hours, day in day out? Whistling Dixie?”

“Of course not. I kind of pictured you staring aimlessly into space thinking of me.”

“I definitely wasn’t doing that. I was working hard, checking things off my list.”

“I thought you were going to sit these on the receptionist thing you got?”

Noli looked confused for a moment before she got it. “Oh, you mean the secretary? It’s at the back. I decided to use it for the favors.” She didn’t know if Cooper kept calling things by the wrong name because he didn’t know or because he was teasing her because when they first met she thought he wasn’t intelligent.

She stooped down and straightened a row of flip flops that were sitting in a basket with a sign that said “To rest your weary feet or dance to the beat”. She stood to get a look at the entire hall.

There was a rectangular table on a small platform beneath the arched windows that she loved. Hopefully the noon sun would shine through on the bride and groom. Diane and Jack deserved that. There were no centerpieces, just translucent turquoise colored vases sitting empty on the table. Tomorrow those would hold the bouquets of the bridal party.

That table, like every other was covered with crisp white table cloths, but it had a turquoise runner going down the middle and falling over the edge. On the wall where Cooper’s brews barrels used to be was another long table awaiting all the food Rose and her sous chef, Daphne, had been preparing for the past week. At the end of that table there was a round table with various levels awaiting the many desserts. The top layer was reserved for the three tier wedding cake.

She looked up at the thousands of clear Christmas lights with a sheer white fabric draped over them. When they were lit, they would look like stars in the sky. Three chandeliers were spaced evenly apart, dangling a little lower that the artificial stars. When they got to the back, there was the secretary, refurbished and beautiful with its new white finish. There were several mini bottles of Cooper’s brews, both alcoholic and non-alcoholic, wrapped in special labels with Jack and Diane’s name and the wedding date in a fancy font on them.

“You’ve done an excellent job,” Cooper said.

“Thank you.”

“What’s that stuff there?”

“That’s the stuff that belongs outside and can’t be put out until that morning. Kayla said she’d help and get that done.”

“Did you leave her a detailed list?”

“Yes I did,” she answered not knowing his question was another jibe at her list making until she saw his smirk.

“What’s for outside?”

“There are electronic tea lights for the mason jars that are already hanging from the tree out there. There is a picture frame that’s supposed to hang from one of the branches, so attendees can stand behind it and have a picture taken with the pond in the background.

“You’re pretty amazing, Magnolia.”

“Thanks for noticing,” Noli said smiling that smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes.



***



Magnolia had been acting different since the crying incident about that song. Cooper chalked it up to all the last minute wedding plans. For the most part he actually believed that. They wouldn’t be able to spend time alone together tonight because of the rehearsal dinner they were at now and the farewell to being single parties later tonight. But tomorrow, after the wedding there was nothing keeping them from spending the night together.

He was looking forward to it, especially since there was nothing from keeping her from staying the entire night. Perhaps he could make her eggs in the morning and they could discuss her staying even though her wedding planning duties would be done. Diane would be on her honeymoon and wouldn’t know to question who Magnolia spent the night with. Or maybe they could stop sneaking around.

Yes they had agreed this would just be some non-emotional fun for a couple of months. Somewhere along the way that changed for him. He did the one thing he’d sworn for so long he’d never do. He fell in love and he suspected she had too. He sure hoped she had.

“You want to skip the bachelor and bachelorette parties and have a Cooper and Magnolia party?” he whispered when she came and stood by him at the bar.

“The best man and the bridesmaid can’t miss—” she stopped mid-sentence and stared at the door. “What is he doing here?”

Cooper looked around the room, but didn’t know who he was supposed to see. “What is who doing here?”

“My cousin’s former fiancé is here.”

Cooper perused the room again and saw Jack walking towards a man that looked slicker than oil on wet pavement. The exchanged would seem amicable enough to the average person, but Cooper knew Jack too well. The smile said all is well, but his stance said he was ready for a fight.

If his friend was ready, so was he. He went and stood behind the ex-fiancé, he thought he remembered his name was Alan.

“Are you afraid you’ll be left at the altar once she talks to me? Because I’m not leaving,” Alan said.

“You’re leaving. The only thing I’m afraid of is not having bail in time for the wedding,” Jack responded.

“Is that a threat?”

“He’s not threatening you, he’s warning you.” Cooper said standing behind Alan with his arms folded across his broad chest. “I mean it’s pretty brave for you to come here.”

Alan flinched at the sound of Cooper’s voice. He turned and made eye contact with Cooper’s chest before moving his eyes up inch by inch until they made eye contact. Cooper saw fear flash across the man’s face as he looked up at him.

“I wouldn’t expect any less than this kind of greeting from a couple of good ol’ boys.”

Cooper smirked. He had to give it to this guy, he didn’t back down when he was out numbered or out sized. “This ain’t a good ol’ boy greeting. Good ol’ boys greet pretentious metro-sexuals from the city with their fists.”

“I think we’ll let Diane decide if I stay or leave,” Alan said.

“I can speak for my fiancé. She doesn’t want you here,” Jack said.

Cooper didn’t understand why this conversation was going on so long. He didn’t understand why there was a conversation. The guy wasn’t invited so he should just be gone. He half tuned them out as he scanned the room for Magnolia. She looked beautiful tonight. She always looked beautiful, but tonight she looked extra beautiful. Maybe it was that peach color against her smooth dark skin or that he knew she didn’t put a bra on under the dress. Or perhaps it was because he had finally stopped fighting his feelings for her.

Cooper missed what was said, but he saw Diane step in front of Jack as if to stop from making things physical. He switched his attention back to the conversation just in time to hear more disrespectful words come from Alan’s lips.

“I think it’s best you leave before I go full hick farm boy on you,” Cooper said. If there was going to be a fight it would be him doing the fighting. As best man it was his obligation to take a black eye in the groom’s place and go to jail if necessary so that the groom made it down the aisle the next day.

Perhaps it was too much confidence in his workouts, because Alan not only didn’t move, he continued to speak. Cooper was about to end this conversation by forcefully removing Alan from the premises when he felt familiar hands on his chest.

“He’s not worth it,” Magnolia said.

The look of concern in her eyes almost made him lean down and kiss her. It wasn’t the time for that so he dismissed the thought.

Cooper had had enough if no one else pushed Alan towards the door he would. “Let me show you out.” He gave another push making Alan stumble. With that, the man left the building.

“It shames me to say it, but that was awfully sexy.”

“Why does that shame you?”

“Because I thought I’d evolved beyond caveman machismo turning me on.”

“I don’t think it was the machismo. You just find me irresistible.”

“You are obviously confused. We both know you find me irresistible. I’ve seen how you can’t keep your eyes off of me in this dress.”

“It’s because I keep thinking about taking the dress off of you. It was cruel of you to force me to watch you get dressed.”

“I asked you to leave the room and you refused.”

“Your mouth said go, but your body said yes.”

“My body is saying yes now, but my bridesmaid’s duty is saying it’s almost time to take the bride out and celebrate her last night as a single lady.”

Cooper looked at his watch. “Tomorrow then?”

“Tomorrow.”





Chapter 10




The wedding went off without a hitch. That hadn’t stopped Noli from triple checking everything then checking it one more time for good measure. The reception was in full swing. Everyone was having fun, and Cooper thought Noli should too.

He walked up behind her as she was straightening the favor table. He reached around and held a beer in front of her.

“I bet I could drink more than you.”

“We both know that’s a bet I shouldn’t take because you’re a cheat.”

“But we both know that win or lose, the prize is the same.”

“I hate it when you’re right.”

“You must be filled with hate.”

Magnolia laughed. “It’s far less than you think. You’re pretty much wrong most of the time.”

“I’m correct when it counts. I was right that you and I would be great together.” Cooper bent down to kiss her but she backed up and looked around to see if anyone saw.

“We can’t kiss, someone might see.”

Cooper straightened. There was a look of panic in her eyes. Was the thought of someone figuring out they were, whatever they were, that scary? He didn’t think so and it didn’t sit right with her that she did. He needed a drink.

“Let’s settle a bet.”

He got two beers and brought them back to the table. She took a sip of hers. He was raising his glass to his mouth when she took it from him and took a sip.

“You can’t double up to try to win faster,” he said taking his drink back from her.

“Oh, I wasn’t trying to double up. I was just making sure you actually had a beer this time. You fooled me once, never again.”

He put a hand over his heart. “I’m wounded that you don’t trust me.”

Somewhere around the third beer in, whatever had been bothering Magnolia the last couple of days disappeared and she was back to normal. Even her aversion to public displays of affection had dissipated. She hadn’t kissed him or let him kiss her, but she didn’t stop him when he put an arm around her waist as they were drinking or when his hand drifted to her butt while they were dancing.

When she excitedly joined all the other single women on the floor to catch the bouquet, he thought maybe he should cut her off because friends told friends when to say when. That was definitely a sign that the commitment phobe Magnolia needed to say when. She even looked disappointed when one of Jack’s adolescent cousins caught it instead of her. He must have been drunk too, because when Diane pushed him towards the single men waiting for the garter to be thrown, he went without protest. He didn’t take his hands out of his pockets, but he did stand there, just like all the other bachelors, as it fell to the floor.

Jack came, swiped the garter off the floor and pushed it into Cooper’s chest, making him take it.

“I don’t want this.”

“I don’t know about that. Diane noticed you and Noli getting cozy by the bar. She told me to aim it for you so maybe you’d be moved to keep her cousin here.”

“I’m not you, Jack. I don’t propose a month after meeting a girl.”

“It’s been more than a month and you two have spent a lot of time together.”

“I was just doing my duty as your best man by helping out Diane’s bridesmaid.”

“You were doing your duty ‘til the wee hours of the morning considering how late Noli made it in some nights.”

“Isn’t it time for you to get on the road for your honeymoon so you can do your husbandly duties?”

“That’s why I came over.”

“You need some pointers?”

“Why would I come to you for that?” Jack laughed. “Seriously, I’m about to hit the road and wanted to come and thank you. You’ve gone above and beyond these past couple of months for me and Diane. I love you, man.”

Cooper shook his head. “You’ve been married for a few hours and already you’ve gone soft.” He laughed. “I love you too, bro.”

The men embraced briefly, ending the hug with pats on the back.

“My turn,” Diane said wrapping her arms around Cooper. “You and Noli are good together.”

“We’re not together,” Noli said joining them.

“I meant you guys were a good team in planning all of this,” Diane said innocently. “You made today flawless. Just like I knew you would.” Diane threw her arms around her cousin and squeezed tightly.

“You deserved a special day. Congratulations, Mrs. Sloan.”

Diane smiled and giggled as she’d done every time someone addressed her by her new name. “Will I see you when I get back?” Diane asked still holding on to Noli’s arms and looking into her eyes.

Magnolia hunched a shoulder and Diane didn’t pursue that line of questioning further. She took her grooms hand and kissed Noli on the cheek before heading to the door. The deejay announced that the newlyweds forthcoming departure. Most of the attendees moved to the doors to blow bubbles and send them on their way.

Magnolia moved to do the same but Cooper grabbed her hand and began to pull her towards the other door. “We’ve said our goodbyes, why don’t we go settle our bet.”

“But who won?” she said following behind him as they walked from the reception towards his bar and the apartment upstairs.

He stopped and looked into her warm brown eyes, then at her full lips. He placed his hands on her waist and pulled her into him. “I think I’ve definitely won,” he said pressing his mouth against her soft lips.

Maybe because all the other guests were distracted yards away or maybe it could be blamed on the alcohol, but this time she didn’t push him away. She cradled his head, crushing his mouth to hers as her lips parted and let him explore her mouth. He grabbed her butt lifting her off the ground and she wrapped her legs around his waist. He carried her that way to the back entrance of The Smithery. Their mouths only broke apart long enough for him to see where he was going and open the door. Even then, he continued to suck and bite her neck.

It had been three days since they last made love. Which was far too long considering his addiction to the touch and feel of her. It wasn’t an addiction because a person could live without the vice they were dependent on. Magnolia had become a necessity to him, as much as water, or air. He needed her. Cooper was like a man that just wandered out of the desert, he didn’t have time to sip her in, he needed to gulp down every drop of her.

He didn’t make it the few feet from the door to the bed. He stood her on the floor and caressed his way down her body until he reached the hem of her dress, then his hands began to ascend back up her body under her clothes until he reached her panties. He pulled her panties off, unzipped his pants and lifted her to her previous position, with him deep inside her within seconds. It didn’t take much longer for them to find their release as he took her right there against the door.

“That was…” Magnolia said trying to catch her breath.

“Yeah, it was,” he said as he nuzzled the soft flesh just behind her ear.

He laid her on the bed. She looked up at him with hooded eyes and smiled as he began to undress. The bottom of her dress was bunched around her waist, the strapless top had come down to barely cover her breast and her hair had partially come undone but her heels were still on. He was so turned on by her disheveled appearance and the innocently wanton look on her face that he was already ready for her again. This time he’d take his time.

Later, they lay in the bed, the faint glow of the moon lighting the room through the small window. Cooper lay on his back with Magnolia’s head resting on his chest. His arm caressed her bare back.

He took a deep breath and said her name to see if she was still awake. She made a soft sound that he took to mean she was. He took another steadying breath. He was about to say something he’d never said before and he was nervous.

“I know we agreed this was supposed to just be nothing more than us giving in to a mutual attraction,” he began. “And that was all I meant for it to be, but somewhere along the line I started falling in love with you. Magnolia, I love you.”

A few seconds of silence passed and there was no response. He lifted his head just enough to see her face without disturbing her. Her eyes were closed, she was sleep. He pulled the covers up over them and fell asleep with the woman he loved in his arms.

The next morning, he woke to an empty bed.





Chapter 11




PART TWO: Present Day

“Your water just broke?” Cooper asked.

Cooper stood frozen in place like he’d just looked into Medusa’s eyes and turned to stone. Noli imagined she didn’t look much better as they both gawked at the growing puddle on the floor. In a second this all became very real. It went from months of going to having a baby, to having a baby and in a few hours, to holding a baby. Not just a baby, her baby. No, it was her and Cooper’s baby. She was about to deliver their baby and she could not hide from that fact any longer.

Another contraction hit harder than the last, which caused her to let out a scream of pain. She wasn’t ready for this. She was too far away from the doctor she had prepared to deliver the baby. The pain interrupted her thoughts and she couldn’t think of what to do. She couldn’t think of anything but getting through the pain. “Cooper, I need you,” she whimpered as she reached out her hand to him.

Her plea released him from his petrified state and he went to her side. “I’m here. I’m here for you, Magnolia.” He took her hand into his. “Kayla! Kayla!” he yelled. Noli’s grip on his hand lessened and he looked at his watch. “Call 911. Tell them there’s a woman in labor. She’s about three weeks early.”

“OMG. Noli you’re like for real pregnant,” Kayla said.

“Kayla, call 911,” his voice lacked any patience.

“Oh, right.” She pulled out her cell phone.

“Don’t call the ambulance.”

“Is the contraction over?” Kayla asked as if the emergency had passed.

“Yes.”

“We still need to get you to the hospital. Your water just broke,” Cooper said.

“I know, but you should take me. It would be faster”

“It’ll be safer if we wait for the ambulance.”

Noli could only nod as another contraction began. Her hand in Cooper’s was all the comfort she had. She looked up into his hazel eyes and saw the specks of green that were more noticeable when his emotions were heightened. She couldn’t imagine going through this without him.

“Cooper, I don’t want to go in an ambulance.”

He nodded and gave her hand a squeeze. “Kayla, will you call the hospital and tell them we’re on our way.”

“Of course. Is there anything else I can do to help?”

“I won’t be back tonight. You and Trevor will have to handle tonight?”

“Seriously? It’s a big night,” she said surprised that he’d entrust her.

“I need to get her to my truck.” He scooped the pregnant Noli into his arms with the usual ease.

“You should probably take my car, it’ll be easier to get her into than your truck.”

Kayla ran behind the bar and told Trevor something with an excited bounce as she retrieved her keys. She handed them to Noli since Cooper’s hands were full. “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. Congrats, Noli. You’ll call with an update?” The question was directed to Cooper.

“I will,” Cooper responded as he walked through the door.

Cooper got to the hospital in record time, breaking every traffic law that existed and some that had yet to be written. Her contractions were coming at a steady pace. The only thing that could be heard in the car was Noli’s sounds of agony through two more contractions. He pulled into the semi-circle driveway of the emergency entrance of the hospital. He left the driver side door open as he ran in. A nurse followed him out pushing a wheelchair to carry Noli to the maternity ward.

“How far apart are her contractions?” the nurse asked.

“About eight minutes,” Cooper answered.

“Have there been any complications during the pregnancy?”

“I don’t know.” There was an edge to his response.

“No,” was all Noli could manage.

Cooper helped Noli into the wheelchair and let the nurse push her in so that he could park the car. On his way to her room Cooper began to make some phone calls. He hoped that Kayla hadn’t beaten him to spreading the news as he called his mother. “Mom, you need to get to the hospital.”

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing. Everything. You’re going to be a grandmother before the morning.”

This time her silence was stunned shock. “What do you mean?”

“I mean I’m about to be a father which would make you a grandmother.”

“But how? You’ve not even been on a date in months.” Then she remembered the reason why he hadn’t been on a date. It had been about nine months since Noli had left.

“Ma, we can hash out the specifics when you get here. Just hurry.” He ended the call before his mother could respond with more questions. He wanted his mother there for the birth of his child, but he needed to talk to his best friend’s wife.

“Hi Cooper. Did you mean to call Jack?” Diane answered her cell and he could hear the smile in her voice.

“I meant to call you. Why didn’t you tell me about the baby,” he barked.

“Jack told you we were expecting soon after we found out.”

“I’m not talking about your baby. I’m talking about Noli’s baby! I know I’m Jack’s friend and not yours, but how could you keep that from me?”

“Cooper, I need you to calm down and speak slowly because you’re not making any sense.”

Cooper took a deep breath. “I’m at the hospital with Noli—”

“Which hospital? What’s wrong with her?” There were no traces of a smile left in her voice.

“She’s having the baby early, that’s what’s wrong,” his voice was still raised.

“What baby?”

“The baby you didn’t see fit to tell me she was having.”

“Stop yelling at me, Cooper. Are you drunk?”

“I wish I were drunk. I’m angry that you would keep this a secret.”

“I have no clue what you’re talking about.” Cooper could hear the muffled sound of his friend’s voice in the background. “It’s Cooper. I think he’s drunk. He’s not making much sense right now,” she said to her husband holding the phone away from her mouth. “Listen,” she said, speaking into the phone once again. “I, Diane Sloan, am having a baby, not Magnolia Freeman. I’ll talk to you in the new year when you’re sober.”

His anger turned off as the realization turned on. “You didn’t know.” It was a statement and not a question.

“I still don’t know.”

Cooper spoke at a slow even pace to calm himself. “I’ve seen with my own two sober eyes that your cousin, Magnolia Freeman, is pregnant and in labor with contractions about eight minutes apart.”

“Oh, Cooper. We’re on our way.”



***

Magnolia was holding her daughter. She’d been told the love she felt would be instant and unimaginable, and it was. She’d never seen anyone so perfect. In fact, Cooper kept alternating between calling their newborn baby girl perfect and beautiful. He’d even said her cry was perfect. She thought being in that room as a family was perfect. She couldn’t imagine him not being there.

He had every right to be livid right then, but instead, he was excited and happy. Well, that was the way she knew he felt about their baby. A hint of pain fueled anger was still in his eyes when he looked at her. The room was still full of people. The hospital staff was still there doing their thing. His mother was there in a mixed state of shocked and happy. Diane was there with her growing pregnant belly, her husband, and her in laws. She had planned on doing this alone. That seemed crazy now.

“What are you guys going to name her?” Daphne said.

Cooper looked at Noli. She shook her head. “I thought I had three weeks to decide. And by decide I mean pull a name out of thin air.”

“We don’t need a name today, just some time before you leave the hospital will be fine,” the nurse chimed in.

“That gives you two time to decide. Speaking of time, you delivered just in time for my granddaughter to ring in the New Year with us.”

Noli noticed Daphne’s sequin dress for the first time. “I’m sorry to have ruined all your New Year’s Eve celebrations.”

“Nothing is ruined. It would have been nice to know this was a possibility, but it’s a good surprise for the New Year,” Daphne stated without bitterness.

“Jack and I were just planning on celebrating our anniversary at home. There was no midnight champagne toast in our plans.”

“Your anniversary is in May,” Noli said confused.

“The other anniversary. We were going to celebrate the anniversary of our engagement. A year ago I asked Diane to be my wife, with a little help from Cooper.”

“When did you become so sappy Diane?”

“I’m pregnant and in love so I can be as sappy as I want to be.”

Noli glanced at Cooper just in time to see him take his eyes off her. The emotion in his eyes hurt more than labor. “How much time do we have before the new year?” Noli asked no one in particular.

“About five minutes,” Cooper answered, pausing from snapping pictures with his phone long enough to see it’s time display.

“Jack, do you have some cash on you?”

He looked a bit confused. “Yeah.”

“Perfect. Run to the vending machine and get a couple of sodas. Where could we find enough cups for everybody?” Noli asked the nurse.

“They have some at the nurses’ station.” Before Noli could issue instructions, Diane walked out after her husband while rubbing her swollen belly.

The cups were passed around and each person poured a bit of the soda in their cups. The TV was turned to one of those televised celebrations that showed the ball drop in New York as the last seconds of the year were counted away. With a couple of minutes remaining in the year Noli felt a sharp pain. “Cooper, will you hold the baby?”

“Of course. Are you okay?”

“Just a little pain.” She closed her eyes bit her lips as she bared through the pain.

The machine that monitored her heart rate changed its beeping pattern. Cooper put the baby in the incubator and headed to the door. “Can we get a nurse in here?” he shouted out the room.

“Noli? Are you okay?” Daphne asked. Noli was unresponsive and the digital numbers for her blood pressure and heart rate were falling. She gave up on the struggle to keep her eyes open.

The nurse came in and quickly assessed the situation. “We need everyone out,” she said as she hit the nurse call button to summon backup.

“Yes?” came the voice over the intercom.

“We need the doctor back in room 428,” the nurse responded. “I thought I told you all to get out.”

“Can I stay?” Cooper asked concerned about the wellbeing of his child’s mother.

“Sorry, no. Everyone has to leave.”

Standing in the hall they saw as another nurse went in and pushed out the incubator labeled Baby Girl Freeman/Smith to the nursery. Nurses and doctors rushed in and out giving glimpses into the room to those gathered in the hall. Frightened tears dripped from Diane’s chin, as Jack tried to comfort her in his arms. Cooper’s eyes glistened with the threat of his own tears.

Both his mother and Rose attempted to comfort him despite their own need to be comforted. The boisterous countdown could be heard erupting from the TV in the background. They stood there, not saying anything to each other, each quietly praying that God not call Noli home tonight.

The door to the room opened, a cacophony of orders and responses could be heard as Noli was wheeled out, her eyes still closed.

“Mr. Smith,” one of the nurses said. Cooper stepped forward. “We’re moving Ms. Freeman to the operating room to perform an emergency C-Section.”

“I… I don’t understand. She’s already delivered the baby. Why do you have to do a C-Section?”

“It appears that Ms. Freeman is having twins. If all goes as well as we hope, in a few minutes you’re going to be a new father again.”

“What about Magnolia?”

“We hope that once the baby is delivered, her system will no longer be stressed and we’ll be able to stop the bleeding.”

Their friends and family overheard what the nurse said. He noticed Jack rubbing his wife’s back to comfort her as she rubbed her belly. He wondered if he had been there to rub Magnolia’s back if the situation would be different now. His mother took his hand into hers and began to do the only thing she knew to do in this situation, she began to pray again.

“I’m going to go down to the nursery to check on the baby,” Cooper said when his mother had finished praying.

“Okay. I’ll come and get you when there’s word.”

“Thanks Ma.”

He looked at his baby, now laying asleep amongst another dozen or so babies. He was still trying to wrap his head around the fact that he was a father. The possibility that he’d have to raise two babies alone scared him. His thoughts were interrupted by the vibration from his phone in his jeans pocket. It was Kayla. He didn’t want to talk to her until after he’d gotten news from the operating room

“Cooper?” Diane said from behind him.

“Are they done already?”

“No, no,” she said hurriedly and waved her hands. “I just came to check on you. You know I consider you my friend, too.”

“I consider you my friend. About earlier, I’m sorry.”

“No need to apologize. Your words were pretty civil given the circumstances. I’m a little angry, too.”

“Thanks for being understanding.”

“No problem. I can’t say the same thing for Jack. He was pretty upset.”

“A crazed man was yelling at his wife, he was just protecting what’s his. I wish I could have been there for Magnolia. Maybe if she wasn’t on her own—”

“Cooper, she’s going to make it. She has to,” her voice cracked.

“I hope you’re right. I’m so frustrated right now. I’m too worried to be mad. How could she keep this from us?”

“She’s not been herself since her parents’ death. Not to make excuses for her, but her parents were her world. Ever since then she’s run from everyone she cares about. She ran from you, so that means she cares for you. And it’s obvious you care for her. I know that doesn’t make everything okay, but it is something.”

“I know she cares, I just wish she could admit it to herself and me.”

“You can focus on her having left, or you can focus on her being back. I’m going to focus on the latter and do everything I can to keep her here. I’m going to go back in the waiting room.” She gave him a hug.



***



“You’re a father,” Jack said.

“I know.”

“Before me.”

“I know.”

“If you ever speak to my wife the way you did tonight, you’ll be in the hospital.”

“I know,” he paused before adding, “that you aren’t tough enough to send me to the hospital.”

“No, it would probably be the morgue,” Jack added smiling.

“Note to self, don’t go hunting with Jack, there might be an ‘accident’,” he joked. “Seriously, I’m sorry. I was out line, but I was out of my mind. The one thing I’d never said I would let happen was happening without my knowledge.

“I always said I would be a father that was there from day one and I wasn’t there for nine months,” Cooper continued. “I was angry and I couldn’t express it to Magnolia while she was in labor so I ended up taking it out on Diane who I thought was her co-conspirator.”

“Diane was just as surprised as you. Actually more because she didn’t know you and Noli had had that kind of relationship.”

“I don’t know what kind of relationship we had. When it got serious for me, she was gone, then I think I’m over her and she’s back and having my child, my children. I thought I was messed up and afraid of commitment, but once again she’s outdone me. She didn’t tell anybody she was pregnant, not her uncle, not her cousin, not even me, the father! How messed up is she?”

“You love her don’t you?”

Cooper ran his hand over his face. “I think we should head back. The surgery has to be almost done.”





Chapter 12




Cooper sat uncomfortably in the chair next to Noli’s bed. The anesthesia had yet to wear off from the emergency surgery. He was just staring at her and listening to the beep of the monitor that kept the rhythm of her heartbeat. He was hoping she would wake up soon. The doctors said she was fine, but that wouldn’t seem real until she opened her eyes.

It was becoming increasingly more difficult for him to keep his own eyes open. He’d been up almost twenty-four straight hours, the last few of which were quite stressful. He must have finally lost the battle because he was waking up to the gentle sound of his name being called. It took him a moment to realize where he was and who was calling to him. Then he saw Magnolia looking at him and it all rushed back.

“You’re awake,” he said sounding sleepy. “How do you feel?”

“You seem as tired as if you just gave birth. Where’s everybody?”

“Home. Let me go get the nurse.”

“Why do you keep saying that? I just woke up from a nap, I don’t need medical attention. Where’s the baby?”

“She’s down in the nursery and he’s in NICU.”

She looked like she was trying to remember but couldn’t. “He who? We had a daughter.”

“What’s the last thing you remember?”

“Why?” Noli tried to sit up, she grimaced in pain and laid back down. “Why am I in so much pain?”

Cooper came and stood next to the bed. “You had an emergency C-section.”

“I had a C-section after I delivered? I don’t understand.”

“You delivered our daughter but, our son was a C-section.”

“Son?”

“We had twins.”

“What? That’s impossible.”

“It’s possible because it happened. Did you even get prenatal care or were you running from that too?” As soon as he said it, he wished he could take it back.

“Of course I did. How could you think I wouldn’t?”

“Because you were carrying twins and didn’t even know.”

“Dr. Stephens never said anything about twins. None of the ultrasounds showed two babies either.”

“I wouldn’t know that. I didn’t get to see any of them. Let me go get the nurse.”

“Cooper, wait. You have every right to be mad, but right now I need you. Do you forgive me?”

“This isn’t the time for that conversation. Let me go get the nurse, she can explain what happened better than me.”

The nurse came and smiled at Noli. “How are you feeling?”

“It hurts when I try to sit up, but other than that, good.”

“That’s common this soon after a cesarean. I can get you something for the pain. You gave us all a good scare.”

“What happened?”

“When your contractions began again your second placenta ruptured causing you to hemorrhage, which made you become unconscious. We had to perform an emergency C-section to deliver your son and perform surgery to stop the bleeding.”

“I have a son? How is he?” Noli bit her lip and looked up to try not to cry.

The nurse looked at Cooper, who was looking at the nurse as expectantly as if he hadn’t heard any of this. “He’s good. He has issues common with preemies. His birth weight is low, so he’s in an incubator to keep warm. He’s jaundice, anemic, and his lungs aren’t fully developed. But his prognosis is good and all of those things should be resolved in a few weeks and you’ll be able to take him home.”

“Can I see him?”

“In the morning. You’re not up to going to the NICU to see him tonight and he can’t come to you.”

“I have pictures,” Cooper said reaching in his pocket.

“What about our daughter? Does she have any of those issues?”

“Not a one. She’s as healthy as a full term baby and will be ready to go home with you. Would you like her in here tonight?”

“Yes, please.”

“Will you be staying, dad?” the nurse asked.

Noli’s eyes pleaded with him to say yes. It hurt her to see Cooper this upset with her. She couldn’t be alone. It wasn’t just that she couldn’t bear to be alone, she needed him there. She couldn’t read his eyes as he looked at her. He ran his hand through his hair.

“Yeah, is there someplace besides this chair I can sleep?”

“We have a hospitality room on the second floor, but I’m sure mom would like to have you closer. I can make this a private room which means the other bed will be empty for the duration of your stay.”

“Thanks.”

“No problem. I’ll be back with the baby.”

“Where’s home?” Cooper asked as soon as the door closed behind the nurse.

“Excuse me?” Noli said confused.

“We’ll be able to take our daughter home in a couple of days. Where is home?”

“I have a place in Indianapolis.”

“You do?” he asked surprised. “How long have you been living there?”

She was afraid to say for fear he’d get more upset with her. “Three months. I knew I couldn’t continue to travel with the baby and needed to settle somewhere.”

“Did you ever think of here, with me, being the somewhere you settled?”

“I did, but… What we had was casual from the start. I didn’t know how you’d feel about it becoming more serious.”

“What you did know was that I didn’t want to be an absent father.”

“And that scared me even more than you not wanting to do anything with me or the baby. Well, babies.”

“You mean like you scared me popping up out of nowhere pregnant and then almost dying? Do you know how it felt to see you dying and not being able to do anything about it? To wonder if I’d been there could I have done something to prevent you and our son from almost dying? I didn’t even feel like I had the right to be upset with you. I was watching Jack comfort Diane with his hand on her belly and I felt robbed because for the last nine months you didn’t feel I had the right to know.”

“I wanted to tell you, but—”

“You were scared. I get that,” he didn’t keep the anger out of his voice. “Get this, if you think I’m going to let you rob me of seeing my children, you’re wrong.”

“I would never do that.”

“I would never let you.”

“Cooper, please don’t hate me.”

“I don’t hate you. I could never hate you. Right now, I’m looking at you and I just want to take you in my arms and tell you everything will be okay.”

“Then do that. I’d like that.”

He crossed his arms. “I can’t do that, I don’t know that everything will be okay. I don’t know that I won’t strangle you instead of hugging you.

“I understand.”

“I can’t let you move back to Indy or traipse all over the world. I’ll take the apartment, you take the house.”

“I can’t let you do that.”

“The apartment isn’t suitable for babies. It’s too small for three anyway.”

“Your house is big enough for four.”

“All of us in that house just playing family and not actually being one. I can’t do that.”

The nurse walked in pushing a Plexiglas bassinet. “Here’s your daughter. You need to name her. She’s too precious to just be baby girl Freeman/Smith.”

Their daughter was stirring. “Is it okay for me to feed her?”

“You sure can. The pain medicine you took is safe for the babies. In fact, it would be good for you to express some for your son too. Tomorrow we’ll get a lactation specialist in. Call if you need help getting her to latch on tonight.” The nurse checked a couple of things on her chart then left the room.

Noli sat up to see her daughter despite the mild pain it caused. “She’s right, we do need to name them. Do you have anything in mind?” Noli said not wanting to resume the previous conversation.

“What about your parents’ names?”

Noli shook her head. “I don’t think I can do that. Maybe as their middle names. I don’t want to burden them with old people names like I had.”

“I guess that rules out Magnolia Jr.”

“Oh, that’s not even an option. Like not in the least. Did you want to name him after you?”

“He has my last name, he doesn’t need my first too. Do you want to do the twin matching name thing? Like Luke and Lucy.”

“Please be joking.”

“About the matching or the names?”

“The names. Especially Lucy, that’s an old lady name.”

“Someday she’ll be an old lady.”

“She can change her name to Lucy then.” It felt good to joke with him again. “What does he look like?”

“Oh, I didn’t show you his pictures yet.”

He pulled out his phone and began to flip through a couple dozen pictures of their son. Noli’s love for her son grew even more the moment she saw the first picture. He was small, but not as tiny as some preemies. Though he did seem tiny in comparison to Cooper’s hand.

“Olivia and Owen?” Cooper suggested.

She wrinkled her nose. “Aurora and Adam?”

“No.”

“Ariel and Anderson?”

“Anderson is a last name,” he said.

“Brian and Belle.”

“No.”

“Matthew and Mulan?”

“Are you naming all the Disney princesses?” he asked.

“Yes, I was just about to suggest Pocahontas and Patrick. This is what happens whenever I try to think up names.”

“Let’s rule out all cartoon characters.”

“Okay, but no old lady names either. They weren’t born in 1902.” Her eyes got big. “I just realized that they were born in two different years.”

“I hadn’t even realized that. What if we name her Evie?”

“Because she was born on New Year’s Eve?”

“Yeah.”

“What about Evan for the boy?”

“I like that,” he smiled.

“Are you sure?”

“Mostly, but let’s live with it for a couple of hours.”

The baby’s movement increased and she began to grunt and root around. “I think that means she’s ready to feed. Will you hand Evie here?”

He picked their daughter up and handed him to Noli. “The name already feels right.”

“We need to look up the meanings. We don’t want cool sounding names with stupid meanings. Would you mind turning around, I want to get her to latch on.”

“I’ve seen them before. That’s how she came to be, remember?”

“I know that, but I don’t want you to see her nursing and only think of them for their intended purpose and forget they can be fun too.”

He raised an eyebrow and turned around. “I didn’t know me having fun with them was still on the table.”

She both wanted the intimacy and emotions they’d shared before but didn’t want to feel the vulnerability it caused. She also doubted he’d want to have anything to do with her from his behavior just an hour ago.

“I thought that if you didn’t even want to be in the same house with me that you wouldn’t want that option.” She finally answered. He turned around to address her. “She’s not latched on yet, turn back around.”

“I think you nursing our daughter is one of the most beautiful things I’ve ever seen. It makes me want you more. If you want me to turn back around I will, but I want to talk to you not the wall. When I said I didn’t want to live with you, it wasn’t because I don’t want to be with you. Despite it all I do. I don’t want to move in with you because I want there to be an us before that happens. That can’t happen unless we resolve our issues, both as a couple and individually. If we move in together we’d just be playing family and I don’t want to play at it I want to be it.”

“Do you want us to be a couple because of the babies or do you want us to be a couple with babies?”

“I want us to be a couple with kids. My life hasn’t been the same since I first saw you sitting at that kitchen table. For a couple of months I was happier than I’ve ever been and I thought the impossible was possible. I began to believe that maybe I could be a husband and someday down the road a father. Then poof, you were gone and that possibility went away. What do you want?”

“I want…you, but-”

“You’re scared. I know. That’s why I’ll live in the apartment. We’ll take it slow.”

“What if we do that, what if we become a family and then something happens to you.”

“I won’t live forever, but I promise I’ll do everything in my power to be around for as long as you stay.”

“I missed you.”

“I missed you too.”

***



“I haven’t been able to take my anxiety meds since I found out I was pregnant and now that I’m nursing I still can’t.”

“Well, when was the last time you had an attack?” Diane asked.

“When Cooper said marriage was the solution to our situation and I went into labor.”

“Oh. Did you say yes to his proposal?”

“It wasn’t so much a proposal as it was an option.”

“Fine, what did you think of the option?”

“I panicked and went into labor,” Noli said flatly.

“So marriage isn’t an option?”

“We talked last night. He’s agreed to take it slow.”

“What does that mean?”

“That we are working towards being a couple I guess.”

“Seems to me that you were already a couple.”

“We weren’t. It wasn’t serious.”

“I’d say two babies are pretty serious,” Diane said.

“That wasn’t the plan.”

“But that’s what happened.”

“Knock knock,” Amara Adams said sticking her head through the door. She was Diane’s classmate and best friend that became one of Noli’s best friends too.

“What are you doing here?” Noli asked.

“Diane called about a baby being born, and I was surprised to hear it wasn’t hers. I was shocked when she told me it was yours.”

“There are actually two babies,” Diane said.

“That surprised everyone including me,” Noli added.

“If you ever need a job I’m sure I can get you on a campaign because you can keep a secret,” Amara said.

“The problem with secrets is they don’t stay that way. When they come out it usually isn’t pretty. Plus, I don’t think they’re too many elections out here in the middle of nowhere,” Noli said.

“So you’re staying here?” Diane asked barely concealing her excitement.”

“It looks like it. My son is going to be in the hospital a couple of weeks.”

“Are you going to move in with Cooper?” Diane asked.

“We aren’t together like that. I don’t think he wants to be that near to me. He wants to hug me and choke me at the same time.”

“If Jack’s and my house were finished being built I’d let you move in with us.”

“Don’t worry. Until I find a place he’s offered for me and the babies to stay at his house and he’ll stay in the apartment.”

“He’s upset, once he gets over that, I’m sure he’ll want to be right there with you. Just give him time,” Diane said smiling.

“Look at that smile, you’re so happy that I’ll be living here aren’t you.”

“I am. And our children are going to grow up together.”

“And Amara’s just in Indy”

“Ah, that’s how you beat everyone down here,” Noli said.

“Everyone? I thought just uncle Robert was coming.”

“Mom and Ryan’s coming too.”

“Really?” Amara said. “It’s too bad I won’t be able to see them. I have to get back.”

“Have you found a place?”

“I’m sleeping on my cousin’s couch like I’m a college student and not a college graduate with a couple of years’ experience under my belt.”

“I have a house in Indy I won’t be needing in the foreseeable future. Check it out, if you like it, it’s yours.”

“You can sublease?”

“I’m not renting, I bought it.”

“When did this happen?” Diane asked.

“A few months ago.”

Diane pasted a smile on her face that looked very similar to the way Aunt Catherine smiled when she was displeased but trying bite her tongue.

“I wish I’d known that. I’d been in Indy a couple of months too,” Amara said.

“You’re not the only one that wishes they’d known,” Diane said to Amara. “You do see why Cooper’s upset Noli. If I didn’t love you so much I’d be upset too. The thing keeping me from being mad is I’m just happy you’re here. Amara, we’ll discuss your secret relocation later.”

“It wasn’t secret, I just didn’t want to say anything until things were settled. Noli is good at keeping secrets and she’s been traveling the world. Are you CIA?” Amara asked lightening the suddenly tense mood.

“I would tell you but then I’d have to kill you with my bare hands.”

“So, have you decided on names yet?”

“Since I went into labor on New Year’s Eve, we’ve decided on Evan Joseph and Evie Grace.”

“Aww, that’s sweet.” Diane dabbed at the moisture in the corner of her eye before it fell. “You used your parents’ names as their middle names.”

“It was Cooper’s idea,” Noli couldn’t help but smile at Cooper’s thoughtfulness.

“What do their names mean?”

“Evan means God is gracious and Evie means life.”

“Those are beautiful names. What do you need? I mean for the baby?” Amara asked.

“Is it too late to have a shower?” Diane asked.

“A shower now will have to do since we did not know to have one before.” Catherine Clark answered entering the room and kissing her daughter on the cheek. “Hello, Diane.”

Catherine was Noli’s aunt, by marriage. That qualifier was always added because Noli wanted it to be known she had no blood relations with the woman she thought was proof of alien life form or that scientist had created a life like artificial intelligence robot. Her uncle’s wife seemed to lack true emotions. She was always so matter of fact about things and refused to call anyone by anything other than their full name like the she hadn’t been programmed to use abbreviations or nicknames.

“Hello, Aunt Catherine. Where’s Uncle Bobby?”

“Hello, Magnolia,” the woman said coming to stand by the bed and placing an uncharacteristic hand over Noli’s. “Robert is parking the car. How are you and the infants? You gave us quite the scare.”

Magnolia glanced over to her cousin. Had her aunt just said us? “I did?”

Diane had said she’d seen a softer side of her mother when a series of misunderstandings and miscommunication had caused her and Jack to temporarily separate. This was the first time she was experiencing it for herself.

“Of course. I was shocked when Diane called your uncle with the news of you being in labor. Then when she called back that you were in emergency surgery delivering a second infant, I was floored. I insisted that we leave out first thing in the morning because driving through the middle of the night would not have been prudent. We left so early I did not even take the time to properly put myself together.”

“You look perfect as always, Mrs. Clark,” Amara said from the other side of the bed.

“Thank you. I think a shower would be appropriate. Perhaps you and I can plan it,” she said to Amara. “I know that is usually in Noli’s wheelhouse, but she shouldn’t plan her own shower and Diane has a pretty severe case of love sickness with a touch of pregnancy brain.”

Noli laughed, she had actually just found something Catherine Clark said funny. The woman had just said something funny on purpose. Noli wasn’t certain but she wondered what was in the pain medication they gave her because perhaps she was hallucinating. “Thank you Aunt Catherine, but I don’t want a shower.”

“It is not about what you want, it is about what you need.”

“I already have the things I need for the baby.”

“You were planning for one, you had two. You need twice the number of things,” Diane chimed in.

“But, I just don’t want to have a shower.” Her voice was on the verge of a whine as if any moment she would stomp her foot, cross her arms and pout her lips.

“Here is the situation, we want to have a baby shower and you do not. Here is the compromise, we will have a small shower because we missed out on the entire pregnancy. It will just be the women of the family, and Amara.” Catherine said.

“We’d have to include Jack’s mom,” Diane added.

“Maybe the new proud papa and the papa-to-be should be there too.” Amara added.

“Co-ed baby showers are becoming acceptable. Perhaps Robert and Ryan should be there too,” Catherine said.

“Maybe that’s a bad idea, it shouldn’t be co-ed,” Amara said.

“No, I like that idea.” Diane chimed in. “In fact, they could help get the nursery together before the shower.”

“That is an excellent idea. We need to get a matching set of what you already have.” Catherine said.

“And I can arrange to get the baby stuff you already have brought down here,” Diane said.

“You mean you’ll send Jack up to get it,” Amara said.

Diane shook her head. “You don’t know what you’re talking about, I was going to send Jack and Ryan.”

“Send me where,” Noli’s cousin Ryan asked as he stepped through the door and held it open for her uncle Robert.

“To get the baby furniture from Indy so it will be here for the baby shower I don’t want to have,” Noli said.

“We don’t always get what we want,” Uncle Bobby said standing next to his wife, which left the space next to Amara open for Ryan to take. “For instance, I didn’t want to learn that the niece that I love like a daughter was having an emergency C-section when I didn’t even know she was pregnant.”

“I’m sorry, Uncle Bobby. Aunt Catherine said I gave you both quite a scare.” Robert Clark was Noli’s favorite uncle. He was her only uncle, but that’s not why he was her favorite. He did truly love her like a dad. During her teen years he’d always take her side, but somehow set her straight at the same time. When her parents died, he grieved just as much as her, but was strong enough to hold everything together for her. He was a very patient and understanding man, which he probably had to be to be married to Catherine for so long.

“How are you, Noli?” Robert asked inquiring about more than just her physical health.

“I’m hanging in there. Evie is doing great and Evan is already showing improvement.”

“I haven’t seen them yet. I think I’ll go do that now,” Amara said seeming uncomfortable for some reason.

“I’ll come with you,” Ryan said which caused Amara to narrow her eyes at him.

“Where’s the father? Shouldn’t he be here?”

“He was here all last night. He hadn’t been prepared for this so I talked him into going home for a shower and a change of clothes.”

“Magnolia, why did you keep this from all of us?” Much like her parents, her uncle would use her full name instead of the preferred abbreviation when he was upset.

“I think I am going to go and see the infants,” Catherine said.

“I’ll show you where the nursery is,” Diane said excusing herself too.

“I didn’t know I was pregnant until the fifth month. Then I was in denial for a month. I was too afraid to believe it myself and telling someone else would have made it real. By the time I was ready to deal with it, I was afraid of how everyone would respond to me having kept it secret.”

“How long were you going to stay away and keep this secret? Until they graduated from college? Until you were a grandmother? For months you would talk to me but omit that you were pregnant because you were afraid of how I would react? ”

“I was afraid you’d say come home, and that’s not something I can do. I can’t go back there. There are too many memories and it hurts too much to know there will be no new ones.”

“I missed them too. I understand how you feel. Other than Catherine, my sister was my best friend. Even last night, I wanted to call her and ask her what on earth you were thinking before I remembered that I couldn’t. But missing someone is no excuse to behave immaturely and that’s what you’ve been doing.”

“Please don’t be mad at me too, Uncle Bobby. I know that how I behaved was irresponsible.”

“And inconsiderate. Can you even comprehend the terror I felt when a frightened Diane called me with the news that you were having emergency surgery?”

“There’s nothing I can say but I’m sorry.”

“You can say that you’ll deal with your grief instead of avoiding it. I love you, but sorry doesn’t quite cover nine months of lying.”

“It was only four months of lying. And I didn’t want Cooper to know. I was afraid that if I told you, you’d confront him and he’d confront me.”

“Why were you afraid for him to know?”

“Because I knew he’d want his child here with him.”

“You thought he’d take the baby away?”

“No, worse. I thought he’d do exactly what he did. I thought he’d want to get married.”

“I’m still not understanding the problem.”

“The problem is that he keeps taking the few pieces of my heart that I still have since my parents took most of it with them when they died.”

“None of your heart was taken away when they died because none of the memories can be taken away. You’re concentrating so much on the fact that they died that you seem to forget that they lived. They lived a full life of loving you and one another. All they ever wanted was for you to find someone to love and have your own children to love the way they love you.”

“My children will never know their grandparents or have memories of them.”

“They will have tons of memories of them. Those memories that pain you, should comfort you. Instead of running from them, you should be sharing them with your children, so that they will know them. Make your memories of them their memories too.”

“I never thought of it that way. I think I can do that.”

“And you should marry that boy since he’s willing to step up to the plate and do what’s right.”

“I don’t want to marry him just for the sake of our children.”

“Wouldn’t it be more than for the sake of the children? Didn’t you two have a relationship?”

“It wasn’t really a relationship.”

“You two were beneficial friends.”

Noli unsuccessfully held back her smile at her uncle’s attempt to be current. “You mean friends with benefits.”

“Same difference.”

“We never defined what we were other than the agreement that we didn’t want anything serious.”

“Well, it’s way more serious now, what are you going to do?”

“I wish I knew.”



***



“That was actually fun.”

“Your aunt crawling on the floor for that baby proofing game was hilarious,” Cooper said.

“That was something I never thought I’d see. I thought I was going to bust one of my stitches, until I looked at my uncle and saw the way he was looking at her then I just felt gross.”

“What’s wrong with your uncle still being attracted to his wife?”

“Nothing, except the thought of them having sex popped into my head and all I could think about was Aunt Catherine having stiff, proper, robot sex. ‘Oh affirmative. Oh affirmative. That is it’,” Noli said in a stilted robot voice.

“I thought she was nice. She was far nicer than when I first met her at Jack & Diane’s engagement party.”

“Yeah, she still likes to get her way. Like forcing me to have this shower.”

“But you had fun.”

“I did, but now I’m tired.”

“You feeling up to going to visit Evan? Mom said she’d come back and watch Evie if you wanted to go too. ”

“I’d like that. I can’t wait until he’s home.

“That’s another plus of the shower, the twins now have a beautiful nursery to call home and a whole bunch of other stuff that I didn’t even know we needed and don’t think I would have been able to afford. Especially once we get done paying the hospital bill.”

“Don’t worry about the money. Insurance will cover most of the hospital bills.”

“I guess I’m just stressed because things were already tight when it was just me I had to take care of. Now there are three more.”

“Three? We had twins not triplets.”

“I know. I was referring to the twins and you.”

“Oh, money’s not a problem. You don’t need to take care of me or the twins for that matter.”

“It’s good to know I’m not needed.”

“I didn’t say you weren’t needed. I need you for moments like this, to laugh with about adults seeing who could empty a baby bottle the fastest. I need you to reach stuff from the top shelf. And at the end of a long day, I need to relax with you when everyone else is gone.”

“Don’t forget that right now this isn’t actually my home. I’ll be going back to the apartment. I won’t be here when you need me to get up in the middle of the night with a crying baby, but I can be if you marry me.”

The way the green in his hazel eyes sparkled made her contemplate saying yes. “Or you can just move in here.”

“I can’t do that. I need something more permanent than playing house. Something that might tie you here a little more and make you think twice about being Houdini.”

“Marriage isn’t permanent. About half of the country can tell you that.”

“Marriage is a little more permanent than living together.”

“What if we’re not living together in that way? What if we are roommates that happen to share both a house and children?”

“That wouldn’t work. Where am I supposed to sleep? The couch. That wouldn’t last too long before I’d end up laying next to you. It would take minutes for me laying next to you for it to end up with me doing far more than just laying next to you. Which would mean we’d be living together in that sense.”

“Would that be that bad?”

“I don’t want to play house and you don’t want to get married.”

“That about sums it up.” She laid back on the comfort of his chest. She would not mind marrying him, but she needed to know that they’d grow old together. She needed some reassurance that he wouldn’t be gone in the blink of an eye. That was something he, nor anyone else, could give. She wished it were easier somehow. “So, you said money’s tight?”

“The banks are tight with their money. Qualifying for a loan has proven impossible. Every penny I have is beer money. I have to move forward with distribution and larger scale production or else I’ll have to give up on my dream just like grandpa.”

“What if you got the money from some place other than a bank?”

“I know I’m a betting man, but I don’t know any bookies.”

“I wasn’t talking about a bookie.” She turned her face up so she could look him in the eye. “What if there’s a way to tie me here, without marriage or living together, and you have the capital you need.”

“I’m listening.”

“I have quite a bit of money from the life insurance policies and the settlement from the trucking company. What if I loaned you the money?”

“I don’t know,” he said hesitantly.

“Diane can put her law degree to work and draw up a contract.”

“Let me think on it.”

“I’d be investing in our children’s future. I can be a silent partner.”

He chuckled. “I can’t quite imagine you being silent about anything.”

She thought for a moment. “You’re right, maybe I should be the not so silent partner. I’d need something to do. Something I’m good at doing.”

“I don’t think that’s legal.”

“Event planning isn’t legal?”

“Oh you meant that thing you’re good at. That makes more sense.”

“What did you think I meant?” He raised and lower his eyebrows a few times in response. She narrowed her eyes and gave him a soft punch to the bicep. “You are such a boy.”

“I think I’ve proven to you that I’m all man.”

“You’re all something alright. I was thinking that we could bring in a steady income as a venue for receptions and other events.”

“I like that. You know what I like most about it?”

“What?”

“You said we.”

“See, that we was we the entrepreneurial brew master and the not so silent maker of magical memories.”

“Sounds like a fancy way of saying we, Cooper and Magnolia. Or maybe even we, the Smiths.

“What do you think of the idea?”

He wondered if it could work. They could work well together professionally, but he also knew they struggled to be together personally. How would their personal hang-ups get in the way of his business dreams? She was right about one thing, it would tether her to this town and to him. “I think it could be a good idea.”

“You don’t sound so sure.”

“Besides my children, Coppersmith Brews is the second most important thing to me.”

“What about me?”

“If you were my wife, you and the twins would be the most important thing to me.”

“You are persistent.”

“You are stubborn.”

“Eventually one of us will have to give.”

“Yeah, eventually you’ll give,” he said kissing the top of her head.

“We’ll see.”

“The microbrewery is very important to me. If I make it a success, it would make me feel, in some roundabout way, like my grandfather’s dream came true too. It would be a vindication of sorts for what my great grandparents went through during prohibition.”

“I just want to help make it a success. I’d be totally hands off with any of the brewing.”

“What about the event planning? I won’t have time for that.”

“Good because I’d want you to be totally hands off in that.”

“People have weddings at wineries, not breweries.”

“Diane’s wedding was a success and there was some interest then. It’s a beautiful setting, it’s not too far from Indy or Louisville, if the fees are competitive I don’t see how it could hurt. In fact, it could be a great way to introduce people to the brews and get them coming back.”

He had to admit, her plan made sense. “It just sounds like a ton of work for one person.”

“And I’m willing to do it. I could put my business degree to use.

“I thought your degree was in art history.”

“I had a double major because I’m extra smart.”

“Only book smart.”

She punched him as hard as she could, which didn’t even make him flinch, but made her hand smart. “Just think about it,” she suggested.

“I will. I’ll give you my business plan for you to look over and think about. If we’re going to do this, I want you to loan me the money because you think it’s a wise investment, not because we are, whatever we are.”

“It’s time we get ready to go see Evan.”

“Of course.”





Chapter 13




Noli was looking at onesies in an upscale boutique in Indy. She and Daphne thought a trip would be fun. They’d spent two weeks splitting their time between the hospital with Evan and the house with Evie. Once both babies were home Noli was too afraid to even sleep for fear that something would happen to send Evan back to the hospital. He was so small that it was hard to believe he was healthy.

She’d also spent quite a bit of time and energy convincing Cooper they didn’t need to take it quite as slowly as they were. She did convince him to stop living at the apartment. When Evan came home, so did Cooper but he was sleeping on the couch and not in the bed with her. She’d try every tactic in her arsenal, but his will was strong and they’d not been intimate even though the doctor had said it was okay. Maybe his will wasn’t that strong. Maybe he just didn’t want her anymore.

“How old is he?” Noli looked up at the woman holding a baby that was several months older than the twins were. The woman was probably in her twenties, but excessive tanning had started to show signs of aging that should not take place until much later. Her over bleached hair made Noli long for a deep conditioning, and perhaps a hot oil treatment too.

“About two months.”

“He’s so small.”

“He’s actually a twin.” Noli had come to discover that most people accepted this as a reason Evan was so little for his age without any further explanation. “His sister is somewhere around here with their grandmother. How old is yours?”

“Ten months. This place has the cutest clothes.”

“They are cute, but expensive. I wouldn’t be here if my aunt hadn’t given me a gift card.”

“It is expensive, but my baby deserves the best and I make sure his father provides it.”

Noli thought the prices reflected the name more than the quality, but she did not want to belittle the woman with her opinion. Noli moved down a few steps to another shelving unit thinking the friendly banter was over. Apparently the over made up shopper next to her did not think so because she moved to the next set of shelves too and continued the conversation.

“I wish I had twins because I know I could get twice as much money. My situation’s kind of unique.”

This woman was one of those people that lived off of gossip, even if it was about her. Noli knew the she wanted her to ask how her situation was unique, but she didn’t care and quite frankly this unwanted bonding moment was making her a bit uncomfortable. Noli just smiled and moved further down the wall of onesies.

Her tactic did not work because the other woman once again followed her. Some people just didn’t get subtle hints. Noli didn’t know why she expected this woman to, given nothing about her said subtle, not the bleached hair, the overly tanned skin, the surgically inflated breasts, or the weeks’ worth of makeup on her face. Her baby was even sucking on a rhinestone encrusted pacifier as it slept. It was obvious that she lacked friends and longed to tell her business to whoever would listen.

“We can’t quite go through traditional channels for child support because our love child is a secret. It works out for me because he pays me to keep this secret and twins would have been an even bigger secret to keep. There’s still hope though because he can’t get enough of me and sometimes I get him so worked up he doesn’t think about protection. It would be great if I got pregnant again, like giving birth to an ATM.”

Noli did not know what to say. She could not think of a time when she had been more perplexed by someone’s statement than she was right now. Fortunately, she didn’t have to respond because she saw Daphne turned the corner with Evie sleeping in the harness. The twin’s grandmother held up two onesies, one that said “one of two” and another that said “two of two” with “twins” on the back. Her smile over her find dropped when she saw the other shopper next to Noli.

“I hope you’re not here to shoplift.”

“I’m not.”

“I didn’t think there was any other way trash like you would be able to afford a place like this,” Daphne said.

“Daphne,” Noli said. She was shocked to hear Cooper’s mother speak with such venom.

“This is Misti,” she said to justify her harsh words.

Noli let out a silent oh because that did justify Daphne’s out of character dig. In fact, it may have been a little nice considering how conniving this woman was.

“You may call me trash, but at least my baby daddy didn’t throw me and my child away.”

Daphne turned so red that Noli imagined steam shooting from her ears and nostrils like in those old Looney Toons. She was certain that if her skin were lighter, she too would be the color of a stop sign. Misti had just knocked both Daphne and Cooper, plus the fact that she’d tried to ruin her cousin’s wedding made Noli feel enraged.

“I think you need to apologize.” Noli’s anger had increased the bass in her voice.

“I ain’t apologizing to her. She insulted me. She should be apologizing to me.”

“Neither I nor my children insulted you, but you insulted their father, which means you’ve insulted us. Daphne didn’t insult you, she merely stated a fact.”

“She doesn’t need to apologize. But she does need to leave.”

“It’s a free country, I can shop here. In fact, maybe I’ll pick something up for Jack’s baby, or would that upset Diane in her delicate condition?” she said directing the last part to Noli.

“You can try to upset her if you like, but I’ll make you more upset.”

“How?”

“I can make your secret not so secret.”

Misti’s smile fell. “You can’t do that. You don’t know who the daddy is.”

“Not now, but it wouldn’t be too difficult to figure it out.”

“I ain’t worried, you can’t figure out who my baby’s daddy is.”

“I don’t have to because I have a cousin that can. Diane’s brother, Ryan, Ryan Clark. You’ve probably heard of him. He’s the investigative reporter that broke that scandal that ended with a senator dropping out of politics. If he could get the story on someone that big, it wouldn’t take much to get the scoop on someone as easy as you.”

“I have never heard of him so I still ain’t scared of you.”

“You don’t have to be,” Noli snickered, “but you come near my cousin, if it’s so much as a misty morning outside of Diane’s house you’ll wish you had been scared.”

Misti studied Noli’s face for a moment to determine if she was serious. She must have figured she was because she lifted her nose in the air and addressed Daphne instead of rebutting, “I think I’ll go because this store will let anyone in,” Misti sat the clothes back on the shelf and pushed the stroller out of the door.

“She was referring to herself when she said anyone right?” Daphne asked.

“She wasn’t talking about me.”

“You’re pretty scary.”

“Don’t threaten my family. I don’t have much and I will protect what little I have.”

Daphne did that silent smiling thing that she does. Her lack of words spoke so much more than if she actually said something. Noli knew Daphne was smiling because she’d called Cooper family. He was, in a complex way, but that did not mean that she wanted to marry him or even that she was in love with him.

“What did Jack ever see in her?”

“He was young and stupid. And she was actually pretty once. She thought her looks would put her on easy street. When she didn’t immediately reap the benefits of beauty, she started to make those so called improvements.”

“Was she nicer too? Otherwise I just don’t see what he could see in someone like that.”

“I can sure see what my son sees in you.”

“He sees me as the mother of his children, nothing more.”

“I don’t think that’s true.”

“You’re right. He also sees me as his business partner.”

“And his lover. I mean that in every sense of the word. Not just the love you make, but the love you two have for each other.”

“We’re not lovers in either sense. He doesn’t love me, he’s not said that to me.”

“Just because he hasn’t said it doesn’t mean he doesn’t feel it. Love is more than just the word, it’s the way he looks at you, how he wants to be near you, and when you’re apart the way he calls just to see how you’re doing.”

“The reason he calls so often is to make sure I’ve not gone anywhere. I still don’t think he trusts me to not take off with the twins.”

“He’d hate for you to move away with the twins, but not just because he loves his children, but because he loves you. He’d miss you just as much if you were to go.”

“If I were to go, he’d just move on to the next one, like I’m sure he did last time.”

“You think there’s been anybody else since he’s met you? The sole company he had when you were gone was his broken heart. When you went away, that’s what he had, and trust me I know what a broken heart looks like. He wasn’t sitting around in his pajamas for days eating chocolate, but he was working harder than ever, working out more than ever, and the littlest thing would enrage him. Nobody could take your place because he loves you. Why do you think he keeps asking you to marry him?”

“Because he wants to be a father to the twins and wants them here.”

“This must be your time to be young and stupid. That boy wants to marry you because he loves you. If it were just about the twins he’d get a lawyer and try to get custody or a set visitation. He’s not doing that because he loves you. He wants you and the twins.”

Daphne knew her son better than he possibly even knew himself. Maybe she was right, maybe she was just as important to him as the twins. This shopping trip was supposed to be fun, first Misti, now the talk about love and marriage was making it a pain.

“I think we should go ahead and buy these things so we can head home.”

Daphne conceded with a smile. “I understand. I’ll drop it. I think we should go and buy you something new too.”

“That sounds good. I could use some new clothes. I haven’t lost the baby weight.”

“Blame it on the babies if you want, but we both know it’s Rose Sloan’s cooking.”

“It’s those biscuits. She keeps bringing them to me and I want to tell her no, but they taste so good.”

“She’s trying to fatten you up because she thinks you’re too skinny.”

Noli’s phone rang. “Hey, Amara what’s up?”

“Ryan bought your house?”

“Yeah, didn’t I tell you about that?”

“No you didn’t.”

“Well I meant to tell you. Taking care of twins killed whatever brain cells I had left from being pregnant with them. I’m so sorry it slipped my mind. It’s not a problem is it?” Noli thought she heard Amara mumble some profanity but wasn’t certain.

“No, it’s not a problem.”

“Ryan really liked the house when he was there to help Jack get the baby furniture for me and asked if I’d planned to keep it. When I told him I probably would be selling it at some point, he said he was moving to Indy and offered to buy it.”

“Didn’t you tell him I was already living in it?”

“Yes, but he said you’re like family and would like you as a housemate.”

“I’m sure he did,” Amara bit out.

“You don’t sound too happy. Did I do something wrong in letting him buy it?”

“Sorry Noli, it’s not you. It’s Ryan. He’s a …” Amara’s voice trailed off. Noli could hear her take a deep breath through the phone.

“Is there something wrong?”

“Everything’s just peachy. I’m sorry if I got upset. Him moving in just caught me off guard at the end of a long week.”

“I apologize for forgetting to tell you.”

“Forget it. I can deal with Ryan. I was also calling to see about renting the space at Cooper’s bar for a fundraiser. Can you have him give me a call?”

“Actually, I’m the one to talk to about that. We’re business partners now.”

“Business partners and co-parents, interesting.”

“Amara, don’t you start too.”

“Start what? I just said it was interesting. I’ll contact you about the fundraiser when I have more details. I thought it would be a good idea to have it at The Smithery because it would show support for an Indiana small business while running for Senate.”

“Who are you working for again?”

“Ethan Bedloe.”

“The Governor’s son?”

“That sums up my problem, trying to get people to see Ethan as his own person, while still benefiting from the name recognition.”

“I’m so glad you got this job after what happened on that last campaign.” Noli gasped. “Amara, I’m such a horrible friend. I’m sorry. I totally forgot that Ryan was part of what ruined that campaign. I’m so sorry.”

“Don’t worry. With all that’s going on in your life, I totally understand you forgetting how messed up mine is and that Ryan shoulders the bulk of the responsibility.”

“Your life’s not a mess. You’ve picked up the pieces.”

“It is a mess and it’s about time I actually clean it up and not just sweep everything under the rug.”

“Tell me about it. I just used Ryan as a threat.”

“Against who?” Amara asked.

“I was shopping when this lady started talking to me about her child’s father paying her to keep her mouth shut about the baby. She actually referred to her baby as an ATM. I didn’t know until Daphne told me, but it was Misti.”

“Did she say who the father was?”

“No. When Daphne walked up words were exchanged and I threatened to have Ryan expose her. because he’s good at digging up dirt to get the story. Crap, and I’m good at putting my foot in my mouth when it comes to you and Ryan.”

“No, you’re right. He will get the story regardless of who he has to step on in the process.”

“I’m sorry. Your recent history didn’t even cross my mind when I sold him the house.”

“Like I said, you have a lot going on, I totally understand. I’m a big girl. I can handle living with Ryan. I’ll talk with you later.

“Talk to you later.



***



“Are you sure you don’t want to come to the dedication?” Daphne asked.

“I’m sure.”

“It would be nice if you were there.”

“I don’t see the purpose of me being there. I don’t even see the purpose of it being done. Cooper wants this, not me.”

“The purpose of you being there is that you’re their mother and the dedication is as much about their lives being for God as it is you acknowledging His importance in their lives.”

“That’s just it. I don’t see His importance in their lives or in mine. I don’t want to be responsible for getting their hopes up about an all-powerful and loving God. One day He won’t answer their prayers when they need Him to the most.”

“He answered our prayers when we thought we were going to lose you and Evan. It’s a miracle you two are here right now.”

“It’s not a miracle because I doubt God had anything to do with it. I’m here because of a whole team of well-trained medical professionals.”

“Magnolia, why are you so angry with God?”

“Why am I angry with God? I’m angry with God because I believed. I had faith in every word in the Bible until I needed Him and He abandoned me. He let both of my parents die. They didn’t deserve it and neither did I. I did not deserve to be left without my parents or a God to believe in.” Her voice rose with the anger that was usually just beneath the surface.

“You blame God for the accident?”

“He may not have caused it, but He didn’t stop it. Where was His grace and mercy when my parents needed it? Why did He let my parents die?”

“Do you know the story of Job?”

Noli fault through her anger to remember the story. “Yeah. God let the devil ruin this man’s life just because. Everything was taken from him, yet he still praised God. I guess I’m just not as faithful as Job.”

“You’re right, Job was faithful, but he still questioned why God would let it happen to him. Do you remember God’s answer to that question?”

Noli shook her head. She could probably remember if she tried to, but she wasn’t trying to.

“God asked Job if he was there when the world was created, if he played any part in the creation. Since he wasn’t he wasn’t qualified to ask God why.”

“I do remember that in the end God blessed Job with more land than he had before and his family back.”

“Not quite. He didn’t get his children back. He got a new family and so did you. Your parents may be gone, but God blessed you with two beautiful children and a man that loves you.”

Noli didn’t respond. She was taking in what she’d heard. Part of her knew she was right and she should count her blessings, but she was unable to let go of the pain of her loss. “I do have two beautiful children, but Cooper doesn’t love me.”

Daphne chuckled. “And I guess you don’t love him either.”

“I’m going to go check if he needs any help getting the twins ready,” Noli said. She left the room and the conversation about her feelings in there. When she entered the room she saw Cooper holding Evan. Seeing their fragile baby in his arms made her think perhaps it was a miracle. Maybe it was God. Even the well trained medical staff thought it was going to be the baby or her that survived, but prayed they were wrong. Even after the delivery it was touch and go for a couple of hours if he would survive. His progress over the last couple of months far exceeded anyone’s expectations.

Cooper’s attention finally broke away from his little boy. He looked at Noli with concern. “What’s wrong? Why are you crying?”

Noli touched her cheek and was surprised to feel that it was wet. She hadn’t realized she was crying. “I was just thinking how amazing it is that Evan is so healthy now.”

Cooper pulled Noli into his other arm and kissed the top of her head. “It is amazing that both of you are alive and healthy.”

Noli leaned into his warmth. “Would you mind giving me a few minutes to throw on some clothes? I think I’m going to come too.”

He smiled, but kept the joy out of his mouth for fear she’d change her mind. “Of course.”

His massive muscles next to such a delicate thing got her every time. Such a big man was wrapped around the tiny little fingers of his newborn son and daughter. She did not believe that he loved her but there was no doubt that he loved their children.

She hurried and dressed. A few minutes later she was seated next to Cooper with their children in their car seats in the back. “Thank you for coming.”

“I know it’s important to you.”

“Which is why it means a lot to me. I know this isn’t your kind of thing. But growing up without my father was hard for me. Ma told me God was my father, it may sound cheesy, but I took that to heart.”

“It doesn’t sound cheesy. There’s nothing cheesy about faith helping you.”

“It did help me. That and she got me into boxing to help with my anger issues, which got me into weight lifting, which kept me out of trouble and helped me get my football scholarship.”

“You must still have a lot of anger to work out as much as you do. I mean your muscles have muscles.”

“You know every time you tease me about my physique all I hear is, ‘you’re a hottie and I want your body’ because I know that’s what you want to say, but you’re too afraid to.”

“That is not true. I don’t use the word hottie and if I did, I wouldn’t use it to describe you. I don’t want your body either.”

“Liar. You want this.” He raised his shirt and t-shirt revealing his well-defined abdomen.

“No I don’t,” she lied. She did want him. Right now she wanted to reach out and touch what might be the most perfect abs ever to grace this earth.

“Do you smell smoke?”

“No,” she said sniffing.

“I do. Never mind, it’s just your liar pants on fire.” She moved to hit him but he grabbed her hand and planted it on exposed abs. “Every time you hit me, I know it’s because you just want to touch me. It’s beyond a want, it’s a need. Admit you need to touch me.”

“I will do no such thing!” she said trying unsuccessfully to pull her hand away. “This is highly inappropriate behavior on the way to church.”

He raised her hand to his lips then placed it back on her lap. “You’re right. It would be better to save this for the ride back so we can do something about it when we get home.”





Chapter 14




Noli and Kayla were setting up her office in the room next to the storage area in the banquet hall. It was pretty small, but a desk and chairs, and a bookcase fit in it with room left over for an area rug and a playpen for the twins. It was quite small, but it would work well as a space to visit with potential clients. Plus there was a window. The natural light reflecting off the barely blue walls made it seem larger.

“Thank you Kayla,” Noli said. She continued before losing her nerve. Kayla’s help had been welcomed, but she wanted to discuss something since she was staying. “You’ve been so helpful, especially considering.”

“You’re welcome. But considering what?”

“Considering how you feel about Cooper and he and I being,” she hunched her shoulder looking for the correct term, “whatever we are now.”

“How I feel about Cooper?” Kayla asked stopping her task and looking confused.

“I know that you’re in love with him. Or like him, or you think he’s sexy, or something.” Noli’s nerves made her ramble.

Kayla doubled over in laughter until tears were streaming from her face. She plopped into one of the chairs and wiped her eyes with her forearm. “I’m not in love with Cooper,” she managed to get out between laughs.

Noli’s nervousness was replaced by confusion and a touch of embarrassment. She didn’t know what was so funny. “But I heard you tell him you love him.”

“I do love him, but not in a romantic way. And definitely not in a sexy way. That’s just nasty, and illegal.”

It was Noli’s turn to be confused. She sat in the chair next to Kayla on the guest side of the desk. “What do you mean it’s illegal?”

“Shoot!” Kayla slapped her hand over her mouth. All the humor from the previous second was gone from her face. All the color drained from her already pale skin leaving her almost translucent.

“What?”

“Can you act like you didn’t hear that?”

“Sure I can,” Noli said with a reassuring smile, “but I won’t.”

“Cooper and I agreed not to say anything to anybody.” Kayla sank back into the stuffed chair and closed her eyes as if that would make her invisible or take back what she’d let slip.

“What if I guess? You wouldn’t be saying anything if I figured it out.”

Kayla opened one eye and peaked at Noli. “Okay, but I’m not going to help you guess and I’m not going to tell you if you’re right.”

“Will you tell me if I’m wrong?”

Kayla nodded.

“What would make it illegal?” Noli asked herself out loud as her brain started to roll over ideas. Kayla was nineteen, so it wasn’t because she was under age. If she were already married that would only make it illegal for them to be married, but not for them to have a relationship. That would be immoral, but still legal. They had to be related. But how? She was too old to be his daughter.

“Are you his cousin?” Noli asked.

Kayla shook her head.

It wouldn’t make any sense any way to keep being cousins secret. Plus, Daphne was an only child so Cooper didn’t have an aunt or uncle to produce a cousin. Though he could have aunts and uncles on his father’s side? His father! Noli studied Kayla’s face as if it were the first time she’d seen her. She couldn’t believe she’d never noticed the resemblance. The coloring was different, but many of the features were the same.

“You’re his half-sister.”

“Please don’t let him know I let you know.”

“I won’t, but why keep that a secret?”

“We wanted to get to know each other first. Plus he was concerned about how his mom would react.”

“He didn’t want his mother to be hurt by the fact he went and started another family,” Noli said understanding.

“He didn’t go and start another family. He did the same thing to my mother. Except he didn’t bother to marry her and he left way before he left Coop and Daphne.” Kayla stared up at the small window behind the desk. “I don’t have a single memory of him. Cooper’s been more than just a big brother, he’s been like a substitute dad. And Daphne’s been like my funny aunt. I don’t want to hurt either of them so you can’t say anything, to anybody. Not even Diane. And you can’t let Cooper know you know.”

“I promise you I won’t say a word.”

“Thank you.” Kayla hugged Noli. “It feels good to be able to share.”

“If you’re his sister that means the twins have an aunt!”

“Yep, I’m their aunt,” Kayla said smiling as though being an aunt was the same as being the Queen of England. “It’s so funny that you thought I had the hots for Coop.”

“I would see you looking at him all doe eyed. Or at least I thought you were looking at him that way. I must have misinterpreted the look.”

The love struck expression crossed her face. “The person I look at that way is Trevor. Shoot!” Kayla slapped her hand over her mouth again.

“You like Trevor?”

“I do, I really, really do.”

Noli began to think back over those moments she saw that smitten look in Kayla’s eyes and tried to remember if Trevor was there. He was. Each and every time he was there on the outside of the frame like an extra in a movie. She let out a little chuckle.

“What’s funny about me liking Trev?” Kayla asked.

“Nothing. I was laughing at me. I just realized that all those times I saw you looking lovesick, Trevor was there too, but I never noticed him.”

“That’s because you love Cooper. You only have eyes for him.”

Noli ignored the observation and returned the conversation back to Kayla. “You should tell Trevor how you feel.”

“You mean like how you’ve told Cooper you’re in love with him?”

Noli smirked in appreciation of the girl’s ability to change the subject back. “I’m not in love with him.”

“And snow is green and grass is blue. You’re so in love with him that you thought I was in love with him because you hadn’t noticed the totally hot guy standing right next to him. When you only have eyes for one man that means you’re in love. And if you didn’t love him, you wouldn’t have casually confronted me about potentially poaching what’s yours.”

When did Kayla become so wise? “We aren’t talking about me and Cooper. We’re talking about you and Trevor.”

“You’re not talking about you and Coop, but I am.”

“You should ask him out on a date,” Noli said refusing to talk about her feelings for Cooper.

“Who?”

And the less than wise Kayla was back. “Trevor, you should ask him out.”

“I can’t do that. He’ll turn me down because he thinks I’m a little kid and then it’ll be awkward. I’ll just live in my fantasy world where he has a thing for me but is too shy to ask me out.”

“Maybe I can drop hints. See if he likes you and get him to ask you out. Kind of be your matchmaker.”

“Oh, no. I don’t trust matchmaking schemes anymore.”

“Anymore? Did someone try to set you up and it not work out?”

“Oh no, not with me. I’m talking about,” she caught herself, “someone back home.”

“I still think it’s a good idea. That way you won’t feel embarrassed and things won’t get awkward if he doesn’t feel the same. I think I’m going to do it, unless you want to tell him.”

“I am not saying anything to that man and neither should you. I wish I could keep quiet. It’s like my mouth doesn’t know what a secret is and just keep letting them fall out. Like how it almost let out about the matchmaking plan for you and Cooo— hachoo” she faked a sneeze. Noli’s face let her know it was too late. “Shoot, I did it again.”

“What matchmaking plan for me and Cooper?”

“See, I’m just blabbering today. I’m just going to shut up before I let anything else out.”

“You can shut up after you spill the rest of the matchmaking beans. Who was planning what and when?”

“Nobody planned anything.”

Noli didn’t respond. She took the silence with a semi-smile page out of Daphne’s book. The awkwardness had always made Noli talk and she knew that Kayla wouldn’t be able to hold out too long. It worked like a Jedi mind trick as the girl cracked in seconds. “Daphne and Rose. I overheard them one day talking about giving you two a nudge. That’s what they called it, a nudge. At first I thought they said fudge, but that didn’t make sense. Who’s secretive about fudge? That’s a weird thing to whisper about.”

“Did they say how they were nudging?” Noli said to get Kayla back on track.

“They made sure you two spent plenty of time together when you were planning the wedding. Apparently neither of them being able to drive you around was a ruse. That’s their word too, ruse, I had to look it up.”

“Was anyone else in on this plan?”

“Not that I heard.”

“They don’t know I know, so don’t tell them I told you.”

“I won’t.” Noli couldn’t muster up the mad she wanted to feel. The memories of the time she got to spend with Cooper made her a little happy they’d plotted against her. “Any more secrets you want to spill?”

“The only thing left to share is my midnight kiss with Trevor on New Year’s Eve, and I’m not sharing that.” Her hand went to her mouth again. “I need to start thinking before I speak.”

“If he kissed you why are you afraid to ask him out?”

“Because, he’s not mentioned it. It’s like it never happened. I think he kissed me because there was no one else nearby and it was midnight.”

“Or maybe he’s like me and thinks you have a thing for Cooper. And who’d try to poach his boss’ girl?”

“I’m not his girl, you are.”

She ignored the part about being Cooper’s girl because any protest would have been ignored by Kayla. “Trevor doesn’t know that the private time you spend with Cooper is sibling bonding time.”

“Oh, I never thought of that. So maybe I’ll make a move.”

“Make a move where?”

Both women turned their heads to see Cooper standing there. Neither of them heard him come in and wondered how much of their conversation he’d heard.

“Nowhere. I was talking about making a move on this guy, at school.” Cooper seemed to accept the answer and not notice her inability to tell a lie.

“How about you make moves on your books instead of worrying about some knucklehead.”

That was such a big brother thing to say. How did Noli not see the nature of their relationship before now?

“Don’t call Tr—”

“Are you here to hang the curtains?” Noli interrupted to stop Kayla from letting Trevor’s name slip.

“Nope, I just carry a drill around with me for fun.”

“You’re the knucklehead,” Kayla said scrunching her nose. “There’s not enough room in here for all of us to work. I’ll go see if Trevor needs help.” She was out of the door in an instant.

“What were you and Kayla talking about?” Cooper asked as he walked over to the window.

“Who knows? It’s like she has to talk to live. Words just fall out of her mouth a mile a second and I can’t keep up.”





Chapter 15




“I thought we were taking things slow,” Noli said.

“If we were moving any slower we’d be time traveling backwards and running from dinosaurs.”

“If I ever get married, I want my husband to love me.”

“Magnolia, you know that I care for you.”

“Loving goes beyond caring.”

“Do you love me?” He was ready to confess his feelings again if he knew she felt the same.

“We’re not talking about me right now. We’re talking about you.”

He was just as good at evasive answers as she was. “Would I ask you to marry me if I didn’t?”

“You’ve never asked me to marry you. You’ve only ever suggested marriage. Are you afraid to say it?”

“No.” Yes, he thought contradicting the lie he’d just told. Maybe it wasn’t quite a lie. He wasn’t afraid to say the words, he was afraid of the aftermath.

“If that’s how you feel, I don’t understand why you don’t say it. It can’t be that hard for you to say it again.”

“I’ve never said it before.” The words came out instinctively. Then he saw the look on her face. She looked like someone that had just said something she wanted to take back, but couldn’t. He felt anger rising up from deep within him. “You weren’t asleep were you?”

“I wasn’t asleep when?” she said treading further out on the thin ice.

“The night after the wedding.”

“I did sleep the night after the wedding,” she said dancing around the truth.

“This is not the time to be cute with your answers and dance around the truth.” She remained silent. “The night of Jack and Diane’s wedding, when we were lying in bed, I told you I loved you, but you didn’t respond. When I looked at you, it looked like you were sleep, but you weren’t”

“We had a lot to drink that night. I didn’t think you knew what you were saying.”

“Did you fake being asleep because you were drunk?”

“I was drunk and I wasn’t thinking straight. At the time that seemed like the rational thing to do.”

“Were you so drunk that you didn’t remember me saying it the next morning as you were leaving?”

“I remembered, and I couldn’t handle it any better sober.”

“You knew that I loved you so you left. You didn’t even say bye to my face. You sent a stupid text from ten thousand miles above God knows where.”

“I wasn’t ready to accept that you love me or that I love you too.”

“You didn’t love me, there was no way you could have cared about me and then abandoned me. Then you went on to deny me the chance of being a father until you had no choice in the matter. I get that your parents dying left you broken and vulnerable and afraid to love again, but you don’t seem to understand that life has wounded me too. Telling you I love you was difficult for me that night. I thought it was the most difficult thing I’d have to do until the next day came and you were gone. Then dealing with the pain of missing you took its place. I found solace that if you knew I loved you, you’d be by my side. All this time you’ve been wanting me to say I love you when you already knew that I did.”

“I didn’t know that you still did. I needed to know you loved me enough to forgive me. I wanted to know that it was me that you wanted to marry me because you loved me, not just because I was the mother of your children.”

“I wanted to marry you because I thought the day I met you was the luckiest day of my life and I couldn’t imagine spending another moment without you. But now, knowing how callous you are, I can’t imagine another moment near you and wish I’d never met you,” he said stomping towards the door and snatching up his helmet.

“Cooper, don’t go.”

“Noli, you don’t own leaving,” he said without turning to look at her.

***



A second after the door slamming, she heard the roar of his motorcycle and one of the twins crying. A few hours after that Noli was startled out of sleep by a banging sound. It took her a moment to reconcile that the sound wasn’t elephants tap dancing like her dream had interpreted the sound. The bed next to her was untouched. Where was Cooper? She checked the nursery, but he wasn’t there. Then she remembered the fight. Maybe he was downstairs and had forgotten his keys. She went down the stairs and opened the door to see Diane’s worried face instead.

“What took you so long? I’ve been ringing the bell and knocking loud enough to wake the dead.”

It was much darker than she’d thought it should be. Noli was still groggy and it took her eyes a moment to focus on her watch. It was one in the morning. “We disabled the bell. It wakes the babies. And you know I sleep sounder than the dead. But what’s the emergency?” When Diane didn’t answer she asked, “Why are you here at this time of night?”

“I’m out here because your phone has been going straight to voicemail for the past hour.”

“I can’t always get a signal out here. You’re starting to scare me. Why were you trying to call me?”

Diane sat down. “You should have a seat.” She patted the space next to her.

“I’m beyond scared now. What’s wrong? Did something happen to Uncle Bobby?”

“Uncle Bobby’s just fine.” She took Noli’s hand and pulled her down onto the couch. “I need you to promise me you’ll stay calm.”

“I will do my best, but right now you’re freaking me out more than if you just tell me what’s going on.”

Diane blinked back tears. “Cooper was in an accident.”

Noli shook her head, tears welling in her eyes. “Is he?”

“No, he’s not dead.”

Noli exhaled the breath she’d been holding waiting for the answer. “What…what happened?” Noli’s voice had grown shaky as she began to cry. Diane was blurry through the tears.

“I don’t have all the details. Daphne was out with a friend when she got a call from the hospital a couple of hours ago. When she couldn’t contact you she called Jack. He and I tried for a while before I sent Jack to the hospital and I came out here.”

“How’s he doing?”

“I don’t know. I haven’t been able to get a signal out here either.”

“I need to go to the hospital. Will you stay here with the twins? I don’t want to wake them.”

Diane’s eyebrows raised. “Of course. How are you going to get to the hospital?”

“Can I borrow your car?” Noli asked pulling on her coat.

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, I have to get to him. It is my fault. He left because we had a fight over yet another stupid thing that I did.”

“You can’t blame yourself. None of that matters right now.” Diane handed Noli her keys. “Are you sure you can do this?”

Noli seemed confused by the question at first. The panic she felt about driving was secondary to the panic she felt for Cooper. “I have to.”

Noli put the key in the ignition but sat there with her hand on the keys unable to turn it as panic began to swell within her. She sat like that for a couple of minutes. Tears welled up in her eyes and poured down her face. Cooper was in the hospital, possibly dying and she couldn’t even start the car. What if he didn’t make it and she didn’t get to say goodbye because she was too afraid to drive? Not getting to her parents in time to say goodbye was one of the things that haunted her. She couldn’t let that happen again. She couldn’t let another person she loved die without telling them how much she loved them.

She did love Cooper. That was the first time she had allowed herself the thought. She was able to admit that to herself, it comforted her. All these months she’d denied her feelings because she thought that facing them would hurt. Tears rolled down her eyes and she found the strength in her love for Cooper to turn the key and start the car. Her hand was on the gear shift, with all her heart she wanted to move it but couldn’t.

She laid her head on the steering wheel, her body shaking with sobs. The words do not be afraid popped into her head, as if whispered by an angel. It was an angel. It was the memory of her mother paraphrasing one of the Psalms, she couldn’t remember which, but that wasn’t important. One night, when she was young, a bad dream woke her in the middle of the night. She was afraid to go back to sleep for fear her dream would return. Her mother told her “The Lord is your light and your salvation, so don’t be afraid.”

She didn’t know if she was strong enough to do this. She didn’t know if she was strong enough to overcome her fears. She wasn’t strong enough. Then parts of another Bible verse resurfaced in her memory something along the lines that where she is weak He is strong. “Dear Lord I know it’s been a long time since I’ve prayed, and that I lost all faith because I was angry with you. Please forgive me. Please Lord, be my strength because I’m too weak. I need you and I need Cooper. Please. In Jesus’ name I pray.”

She opened her eyes, took a deep breath and put the car in gear. The drive to the hospital was as if she were on autopilot. There were none of the symptoms of a panic attack, but her legs were shaky as she walked into the hospital.

“Hello, how may I help you?” the lady wearing scrubs behind the information desk asked.

“I’m looking for Cooper Smith’s room.”

The receptionist’s fake nails clicked against the keyboard as she typed his name. “Sorry, but I’m not showing him in the system. Are you sure he’s here?”

“Yes, he was in a motorcycle accident and was brought here.”

“Check the ER. He may not be admitted yet, or he may be in surgery, or God knows where. Who knows with the way the ER updates the system.”

“Which way?”

“Around that corner to the left.”

Noli followed the instructions and found the emergency room. She went to the first person in scrubs she saw. “Excuse me nurse,” she looked at the name tag for her title. “I’m looking for Cooper Smith.”

“He’s not in the ER any more. The information desk should be able to tell you where he is.”

“I checked there, they didn’t know. Can you at least tell me how he is?”

“Are you a relative?”

Noli thought about saying they were engaged, but that was a lie and she thought it may not be best to fib while trying to get back in God’s good graces. “I’m not, but—”

“Then I won’t be able to help you,” she said and walked away.

Noli didn’t understand the curtness of the nurse. She stood there distraught because she just wanted to see Cooper. She began to cry.

“You’re the young lady that delivered the surprise twin on New Year’s Eve.” Noli turned to see the nurse that had helped them prepare to ring in the New Year before Evan’s surprise arrival. “Why are you crying? Is something wrong with one of those precious little babies?”

“They are fine. It’s their father. He was in an accident and I can’t find out where he is or how he’s doing.”

“What’s his name again?”

“Cooper Smith.”

“Let’s see if we can find him.” She took Noli’s hand and began to walk with her towards the nurse’s station and typed into the computer there. “I can take you to his room. We got your thank you card and the cookie bouquet. That was so nice of you.”

“You all saved my life and those cookies weren’t enough to thank you for that. My mom was a nurse. I know how hard you work and without as much thanks as you deserve. Except maybe that nurse in the ER.”

“I bet I know exactly which nurse you’re talking about. Don’t lump us in the same book as her.”

“Here’s his room. I hope your fella’s okay.”

“Me too. Thank you.”

Noli took a deep breath to brace herself before opening the door. Jack and Daphne stood by the bed, blocking her view of the bed and Cooper. “How is he?” They turned, leaving a space wide enough for her to see Cooper’s bandaged, bruised and scratched face.

“Sore but good. Just scrapes and bruises,” Cooper answered.

“What happened?”

“I swerved to miss a raccoon and lost control.”

“But you’re fine.”

“I’m in pain, but I’m fine.”

“That’s good. But if you’re fine why did they admit you.”

“He has a concussion,” Daphne said. “He had his helmet on, but he didn’t fastened it so when he hit the ground it flew off and his head hit the pavement. Hopefully it knocked some sense into him about proper safety on that death trap.”

“But you’re okay?” Noli asked again fighting her desire to run over to him because she understood that that’s not what he would want.

“I am. How are you here?”

She hugged her large satchel to her chest wishing it was him her arms were around instead. She concentrated on the floor and bit her lips between her teeth to keep from crying. “I had to find out how you were. I had to see you were, you know, okay.”

“I’m good.”

“Good. That’s good. I had to know you’re okay, but I know you don’t want to me here so I’ll go.”

Daphne and Jack exchanged looks with each other, then with Cooper. “Perhaps we should go get coffee and give you two a moment alone,” Daphne said.

“No, you two stay, I’m sure he wants you here. I should go.”

“Magnolia, I don’t feel well enough to chase after you, but I will if you try to leave.”

“Where’s Diane?” Jack asked.

“She’s with the twins.”

“We’re going to go get some coffee. Would you like anything?” Daphne said.

“No, thank you.”

When they left the room went silent. Noli hated the silence, it made her uncomfortable. “I thought you were dying. I know I’m not your favorite person right now, but would you mind if I hug you? I want to be near you. I need to be near you.”

“You can’t hug me from all the way over there.”

She practically flung herself onto him, wrapping her arms around him tightly. “I’m so glad you’re alive.”

“Oww.”

“I’m so sorry,” she said pulling back a bit.

“You have to be careful, my ribs are broken.”

“Broken ribs! I thought you said it was just a few bruises. A broken rib isn’t a bruise.”

“There’s also a punctured lung, but I’m okay.” She tried to pull away. “No, stay.”

“I don’t want to hurt you.”

“The one thing I could think about during the accident was you. I was hurtling towards the ground and all I could do was pray I’d make it back to you and the twins.”

“Tell me about it. As I drove here all I could do was pray.”

“You drove?”

“It was the only way to get here to you. I had to get to you.”

“Are you okay?”

“I made it here in one piece and no panic attack. I was just so worried about you.”

“I’m sorry I scared you. I can’t imagine what you were feeling.”

Tears began to pour down her face. Rushing to the hospital after an auto accident made it impossible for her to run from her feelings. It also made her no longer afraid of them. She realized that everyone had been right. Losing her parents hadn’t taken away the love they had shared, nothing could take that away. As she raced to Cooper, she realized that even if he didn’t make it, she was happy to have loved him and that he gave her the twins. Her regret was that she’d wasted time she could have spent loving him being afraid of losing that love.

“I was feeling regret that I’d been too afraid to tell you that I love you.” There she’d said it and the world hadn’t come to an end.

“Will you say it again?”

“I love you.”

“Magnolia, I love you.”

“Still?

“Always.” He pulled her to him and kissed her until the heart monitor began to beep erratically. When he ended the kiss he pulled her as close as he could to him despite the pain of his ribs. “Say it again, this time with my name.”

She smiled and looked deep into his eyes. “Cooper Smith, I Magnolia Freeman, do declare my love for you. Was that what you wanted to hear?”

“It’s what I’ve been waiting months to hear,” Daphne said. They were so wrapped up in each other that they hadn’t even heard her enter the room. “I wish it didn’t take all this to get you two to admit it.”

“You’ve always said I have a hard head, ma.”

“My mother used to say that about me too.”

***

Late the following morning, Noli returned to the hospital, hoping Cooper would be well enough to return home. That morning the doctors thought it would be likely, but they had not given the official okay to release him yet. Diane had offered to once again watch the twins and let Noli borrow her car. Daphne had spent the night, so she was already there when she arrived.

Noli went and kissed him on the lips, being sure to steer clear of his ribs. “Good morning, love.” His smile broadened at the word love coming from her lips. She then embraced Daphne.

“How was the drive in?”

Though the fear induced adrenaline that pumped through her veins last night was gone, she still found herself able to drive. “The anxiety was still there, but far less gripping and not near panic attack inducing levels. I don’t know if I’m quite ready to do it every day.”

The door opened and Amara and Ryan walked in. “You have room for two more?” Amara said carrying a bouquet of flowers in a vase. She hugged Noli and kissed mother and son on the cheek. Ryan did the same except he simply nodded at Cooper.

“What are you two doing here?”

“Diane called and told us Cooper was in an accident,” Ryan said.

“You’d think she was the journalist the way she gets the word out,” Noli said.

“And she reports the truth,” Amara said. “Maybe you could learn a thing or two from your little sister, Ryan.”

“How are you?” Ryan asked Cooper ignoring the jab.

“I’m lucky it wasn’t worse. Usually an accident like that would do more damage. I hit the ground pretty hard.”

“That would explain the crater. I saw on the way in,” Noli said.

“I wish you were as funny as you think you are.”

“What about you, Noli? Are you okay?” Amara asked in a hushed voice meant for Noli.

“I’m good. Better than usual. I drove here last night and this morning.”

“That’s great,” Amara said hugging her friend.

“How’s the house?”

“It’s great,” Amara said.

“You two getting along as housemates?”

“Yes,” Amara said shaking her head and rolling her eyes.

“Those are beautiful flowers you brought, Amara,” Daphne said.

“They sure are.” All the heads turned to see Kayla standing in the door. “I would have brought some too if anyone had bothered to call and tell me you were in the hospital.” Her hostile statement was directed towards Cooper. “I show up early for my shift to check on a couple of the brews and ask where you are to be told that you flipped your stupid bike last night and was in the hospital.”

Tears flowed from her partially from anger, partially from sadness. Her hands were shaking from her mixed emotions. “I understand your mother and Noli knowing before me. I can even understand Jack finding out before me. But Ryan and Amara even knew before me. I am the last to know.” She wiped at her eyes with her fingers then ran the back of her hand under her nose.

“They are practically family,” Daphne said gesturing to Ryan and Amara. “We left word at The Smithery for the staff.”

Kayla shook her head. “I don’t know why I expected more from that man’s son than to be forgotten about. She threw up her hands in surrender. “I’m not practically family,” she said and rolled her eyes. “I’m just staff. In fact, I’m not even that anymore. I quit effective immediately.” She ran from the room before anyone could respond or stop her.

Everyone in the room, except for Cooper and Noli had looks of stunned confusion on their faces. Cooper tried to get up as though he was going to go after her. “You can’t get up. I’ll go get her, but I think it’s time you explain some things to your mom.” Now Cooper looked confused too because he wasn’t aware that Noli knew his and Kayla’s secret.

Kayla moved fast. In a few seconds she was out of site. Then she saw her backtracking past the room in the direction of the bank of elevators. In her anger she must have gotten turned around.

“Kayla, I’m so sorry. I didn’t think to call you last night because I wasn’t thinking and neither was Cooper. We’re the only two that know you should be called because you are family.”

“I’m just half family. The half that he wishes he didn’t have. I’m just not important to him or he would have called. It’s okay, I’m going. I’m tired of all the secrets. I feel like the other woman you thought I was and not like a sister.”

She began to cry again and Noli took her into her arms. “You are plenty important. Last night, the hospital called Daphne because she’s his mother and is listed as next of kin. She couldn’t get me because my cell doesn’t always have a signal out at the house. When Diane showed up and told me what had happened, I went into autopilot. My mind was all out of sorts from driving here to see how he was after the accident.”

“What about him calling me this morning?”

“Give him a break, he’s had a sister for a year. And he had a concussion. He’s not like your father. He loves you and wants you in his life. If you’re going to be mad at anyone be mad at me because I didn’t call. I was so scared I forgot anything but getting to Cooper.”

“I’m sick of being a secret. Your cousin and his girlfriend looked at me like I was the jealous other woman.”

“It won’t be secret for much longer. I even think he’s telling his mom now. Amara isn’t Ryan’s girlfriend.”

“She’s something to him.”

“Stop playing match maker.”

“I’m not playing match maker. Can’t you see there’s something going on there? I think she’s mad at him though and he’s trying hard to get back in her good graces.”

“Let’s get back in there. If we’re gone any longer he’s going to try to come after you again.”



***



“What was that all about?” Ryan asked. “Are you with her and my cousin?”

“It’s nothing like that,” Cooper said not taking his eyes off his mother.

“What is it that Noli thinks you need to tell me?” Daphne asked.

“Maybe you should sit down, ma.”

“I’m fine standing. I can’t think of anything you could tell me that would be worse than that call last night from the police.”

“We should leave,” Amara said to Ryan.

“I’m staying,” Ryan said still glaring at Cooper. “I want to know what’s going on with my cousin.”

“This isn’t some news story. Noli already seems to know what’s going on and doesn’t seem upset. This sounds like a conversation between mother and son.” Amara grabbed Ryan by the wrist to pull him out.

Cooper put his hand up to stop them. “You can stay. He’s just looking out for his cousin. I understand that.” He paused and took a deep breath. “Ma, I didn’t tell you because I was looking out for you. Kayla chose to go to school here to be near me.”

“Why did she want to be near you?”

“Because she’s my half-sister. She’s his daughter.”

“Why keep that secret?” Ryan asked.

“Because he didn’t think I could handle his father having another family,” Daphne said.

“I know you still love him. I didn’t want you to go back to before.”

Daphne shook her head. “I don’t still love him. I’ve been over him for decades. Yes, there was a while that I was a total wreck, probably for longer than was right, but I’ve moved on.”

“It doesn’t seem like you have. You don’t date or anything.”

Daphne laughed at the naiveté of her son. “Honey, I’ve dated. It’s been over twenty years since he left. I’ve dated and even had sex. Lots of—”

“Whoa, ma. Please stop there.”

“I know how to be discreet. I never wanted to bring someone around unless it was going to be permanent. I wasn’t the only one that your dad’s leaving hurt. I didn’t want to put you through that again.”

Cooper’s expression changed from concerned to protective. “Do I know any of these guys? Why haven’t you brought any around lately? I’m not a child that will think some guy’s going to be my new daddy?”

“Because I know you’d try to intimidate any guy I was dating.”

“I probably would because I don’t want you to get hurt again.”

“You couldn’t do anything about that. I’ve been hurt and I’ve done some hurting. It’s part of life. I’m not the same barely twenty something girl that fell to pieces.”

“Are you seeing anyone now?”

Daphne smiled but didn’t say anything.

Kayla and Noli walked back in.

“I’m sorry,” Kayla said.

“Don’t be,” Daphne said walking over to Kayla. “I’m sorry. If I had known you were his sister, I would have called you last night.” She studied the girls face for a moment. “I don’t know how I missed it before. You have his eyes, and his nose, but you’re far sweeter.”

“That’s probably because he had very little to do with raising me.”

Cooper, Kayla, and Daphne all chuckled. Amara and Ryan looked at each other with questioning looks. Noli’s nervous gaze never left Cooper and she stayed by his side the rest of the day. Everyone else had gone, even his mother, before he could convince her it was okay to go home.

***



“Sir, since Magnolia’s father is no longer with us, I wanted to ask you. I know this is out of order, since we’ve already started our family, but I was wondering if you would approve of me asking your niece to marry me,” Cooper asked Robert Clark when he’d called to check on him.

“It’s about time you did the right thing.”

“I’ve wanted to do the right thing, but this is the first time I thought she might say yes.”

“Of course you have my permission.”

“Can I also have your help?” Cooper explained his proposal plan to Robert. He found himself explaining it again the next day to Jack.





Chapter 16




“I’m going to go check on how things are going at the bar,” Cooper said unwrapping his arm from around Noli who was cuddled on the couch next to him.

She reluctantly let him get up. “For a man that’s supposed to be resting, you’ve been spending a lot of time working.”

“I’ve been resting. I haven’t worked out once.”

“No, you haven’t. You’ve been too busy checking in on the bar or on the phone about the bar. If I can manage to stay away from a business I’m trying to build, you should be able to also.” She’d stayed home to take care of Cooper while he recovered.

“It’s not like we had plans to do anything but sit on the couch.”

“Together, we would be sitting on the couch together. Travis and Kayla have everything under control, you don’t need to go in.”

“I’ll be gone an hour tops. By the time you read the twins their story and get them settled, I’ll be back and then I’m all yours.”

Noli nodded and picked up the remote. Her mouth was in a straight line that was on the verge of turning down. Her eyes were muted with disappointment as she looked down and not at the TV channels she was flipping through.

Cooper kneeled down and kissed each of the twins, who were gently rocking in their swing. He then kissed Noli on the forehead. “I love you,” he said.

“I love you too.” Noli gave him the half smile that was usually reserved for when she was just being polite or smiling because she knew she was supposed to. This time she just couldn’t muster a real smile.

He was halfway out of the door when he turned back and said, “The twins really liked the book I started reading to them this afternoon, you should finish it for them. I left it sitting on the dresser.”

“Okay.”

After being released from the hospital Cooper stayed home and slept the first couple of days, but after that he’d been itching to get out. Noli hoped it was nothing more than cabin fever, but there was a part of her that couldn’t stop thinking it was because he didn’t want to be around her. He’d said he’d forgiven her for running away after he’d told her he loved her, but had he?

He’d asked her to marry him fifty times a day before the accident, but now nothing. Not a single word about it. He seemed content now to just ‘play house’, as he had so frequently accused her of wanting to do. She’d finally been able to express her love for him in words and the marriage talk disappeared.

Noli threw the remote on the couch, not bothering to turn the TV off. She picked the twins up to carry them upstairs. She held one in each arm and took a deep breath to take in their scent. Her sad mood dissipated with them in her arms.

There were two cribs, but they preferred to share. She laid them down and picked up the book off the dresser before sitting in the chair. Mindlessly she began to open the book, but the cover caught her attention. The title was The Legend of Paul Bunyan. On the cover, standing in front of his blue truck, wearing a buffalo plaid shirt with an axe over his shoulder, was Cooper. She opened the book and began to read.



“Usually one stork delivers all the babies to a town. When Paul Bunyan was born it took two storks to carry him. The vibrations from his cries were so strong they broke the windows in every room in the house.”



There was a picture of Cooper as a baby. He was chunky baby with fat, kissable cheeks and thighs with lots of rolls. Having recently had a regular sized baby, Noli hoped two storks really did bring Cooper. She turned the page.



“When he was just a boy he could chop down a hundred year old tree with one swing. As a teen he could carve rivers by dragging his axe behind him. He traveled the world chopping trees and carving rivers with his faithful blue ox Babe by his side.”



There was a high school picture of Cooper. He was out by the river wearing jeans far tighter than a male of any age should wear. If it were at all possible the look in his eyes was even cockier than now. Truth be told, that was one of the things about him that turned her on.



“Paul Bunyan was the strongest, bravest, most handsome man ever. His heart was as giant sized as he was. There were many women that wanted to be by his side, but that giant sized heart of his was bruised so he stayed alone with only Babe.

“One day he was out swinging, ripping trees up by the roots with his bare hands and stomping out lakes with his feet when he saw a beautiful lady sitting under a magnolia tree. She was so small he almost didn’t notice her at first. But he did see her. He saw warmth in her pretty brown eyes and a joy in her soul. She stole his heart right away.”



The tears were threatening to fall, but she wouldn’t let them because she didn’t want to mess up the beautiful book with her tears. She took a deep breath and turned to the last page. The tears began to flow. There was a photo of Cooper in his full lumberjack gear, on one knee. She was too choked up to read the last page aloud.



Magnolia, I fell in love with you the moment I saw you. My life without you would be empty. Will you marry me?



Of course he would propose without actually being present. How was she supposed to say yes if he wasn’t even here? The front door opened. Noli jumped out of the chair and ran down the hallway. She was halfway down the stairs when she stopped in her tracks.

“Aunt Catherine, what are you doing here?”

“I have your dress.”

Catherine said it as if that would clarify things. It did not. Diane and Daphne followed her through the door carrying what looked like a make-up case suitable to prep the entire Miss Universe pageant for the evening gown competition.

“What is all this? What are you guys doing here?

“We’re here to get you ready for your wedding,” Diane said.

Daphne sat her stuff down and hugged Noli. “I’m so glad you’ve finally made this family official.”

“But I—”

Daphne’s phone rang. The single word that she spoke was hello. Everything after that was a series of grunts ending with a sigh. She hung up and shook her head. “That boy,” she said shaking her head again.

“Is there a problem?” Catherine asked unzipping the garment bag.

“Yes, my lovely son chickened out and didn’t stick to the plan.”

Diane stopped unpacking an array of eye shadows. “He didn’t propose last night?” she asked looking between Daphne and Noli.

“No,” Daphne answered.

“Yes,” Noli replied at the same time.

“Well did he or did he not propose?”

“He did. Kind of but not really. What I’m trying to say is he did but not directly and not last night.” Opening the book to the page with the proposal, she passed it to Diane.

“That’s so sweet,” Diane said.

“No it’s not. Sweet would have been for him to actually be here on bended knee when she read it like we planned. But no, he got nervous that she’d say no again so he left,” Daphne said obviously frustrated and possibly just as nervous as her son. “So, is your answer yes?”

Noli shook her head. The shoulders of the other three women dropped in disappointment. “I’m not saying no. My answer is yes. I just don’t understand something. Even if he had stayed and I was able to tell him yes face to face, why are you here for my wedding?”

Daphne took the book from Diane and turned the very last page that was just after the proposal and handed it to Noli. There was one word written there. She flipped the page back and read it as it were supposed to be. “Will you marry me today?” Exhaling long and slow she sat. “Today,” she said then repeated a few more times in a volume just below a whisper.

“Yes today. That way you won’t have a chance to freak out and run.”

Cooper was a smart man because Noli had already worked her way up to full fledge freak out mode in just a few minutes. Yes, she wanted to marry him. Yes, she had been expecting him to ask, but she thought she’d have months of wedding planning to get accustomed to the idea of getting married. That was it, a valid reason not to get married today. She sprang off the couch.

“I don’t want a courthouse wedding. I want a real wedding, and reception, and all that.”

“Is that what you want?” Diane asked.

“Yes. It is.”

“Good, because that’s exactly what Cooper has planned, for today,” Diane said.

“He’s planned everything, right down to a reception with food inspired by all the countries you visited,” Daphne added.

“Then it’s time to turn you into a bride,” Daphne said smiling from ear to ear.

“Did Cooper pick my dress? Because I don’t want a plaid wedding dress,” Noli said.

Things went quiet. The sound of Catherine unzipping the garment bag was amplified. She freed the dress from the bag and held it up.

“Your uncle and I thought you would like to wear your mother’s dress.”

Noli reached her hand out then pulled it back before touching the delicate lace and bead work. She used that hand to cover her mouth and stop a whimper from escaping. Her eyes glistened with tears.

“We have an alternative if this is too much.”

“It’s not too much. It’s perfect.” Noli took the dress from Catherine and sat down on the couch with it over her lap. Studying the dress she said, “I used to stare at mom and dad’s wedding pictures all the time. She was such a beautiful bride. I remember one day I asked her if I’d become a princess like her. She told me yes, that when I found my prince, I’d wear this dress and be a princess just like her. Then she kissed daddy and I thought that was pretty gross. Maybe Evie will gaze at pictures of me in this dress and ask if she’ll be a princess too. Then I’ll kiss Cooper and she’ll say ‘ewww’.”

Diane exhaled and asked, “So those are tears of joy?”

Noli nodded. “What I’m wearing is settled. What about my bridesmaids? What are you wearing? And where is Amara? Did Cooper know that I’d want her as a bridesmaid? What about Kayla? I would have asked her too?”

“You’ve been spending a lot of time with Kayla haven’t you?” Daphne asked in response to the rapid fire questions. “Cooper had help from almost everyone. Kayla was either going to be your bridesmaid if you wanted her to be, or what she called a ‘groomsmaid’ if not.”

“Amara is one of your bridesmaids, but she got caught up at work and is running about a half hour late. We’re wearing this,” Diane said pulling a dress out of a second garment bag. She rubbed her swollen belly. “It was the only cute thing I could fit all this into.”

The dress was Grecian style with an empire waist. It was a pale lavender shade at the bodice that ombred into darker shades, ending with purple at the bottom. The full and flowing skirt was a style Noli was quite fond of. The color scheme was perfect too. She probably would have chosen the dress if she’d been given the opportunity.

“This all explains why Cooper was all of a sudden curious about my favorite color, and my favorite flower, and my favorite everything.”

“I am sure you are curious about all the wedding plans, but you need to get ready or there will not be any photographs for Evie to look at in the future. There is a schedule and we should try to maintain it, Catherine said.

“Yes ma’am,” Noli said once again suppressing the urge to stand at full attention and salute.

An hour later she was alone in her room standing in front of the mirror looking like a bride. There was no desire to run because she wasn’t scared. She wasn’t even that nervous. There were butterflies, but that was out of excitement. She was going to have a family again. She still missed her parents, but she wasn’t sad anymore because for the first time in the past couple of years she didn’t feel alone.

“You look beautiful, Magnolia.”

Noli looked past her reflection in the mirror to see Catherine.

“Thank you.” She turned to face her aunt. “And thank you for being supportive through all this.”

“You’re welcome. We are family and that is what family does for one another.”

“I’ve been expecting a lecture from you about being more responsible and the plight of the unwed mother.”

“No lecture. We all have our less than stellar moments. Believe me, I know.”

“Still, I thought you and my uncle would be disappointed in me, like I think my parents would have been.”

“I doubt they would have been disappointed. The thing Robert and I were disappointed about was that you didn’t tell us. You did not need to endure a pregnancy alone. Wed or unwed, motherhood is hard. What you needed was love, not a lecture.”

“Well, thank you. I have felt very loved.” She also felt very guilty for all the negative things she’d ever said or thought about her aunt. Noli even thought she’d seen her aunt’s eyes glisten with tears.

“It is time to make you Mrs. Magnolia Smith.”

“Freeman-Smith. I want to keep my parents’ last name. It makes me feel close to them. Like a little piece of them is always with me.”



***

“At this time we will hear from the bride and groom who have prepared their own vows.”

“We have?” Noli asked Cooper.

“We have.” He handed her a piece of paper.

It was obvious from his smile that she should be concerned. She began to read out loud without pre reading it silently. “Cooper, you are the love of my life. From the moment I saw your ruggedly handsome face, I was mesmerized, I couldn’t take my eyes off you or keep my hands—” she stopped. She began reading silently then just started laughing. “I would never say most of this,” she whispered.

“You’re just too scared to say what you’re thinking.” He leaned forward and whispered with a smile.

“I’m not reading this.”

“You can either read this or come from the heart.”

“Are we ready to go on?” The pastor interjected.

“We are,” Noli said. She took a deep breath and started to speak what was in her heart. “When we first met you scared me. You made me feel safe. You made me feel hope. You made me feel a little less alone. That scared me because I was desperately trying not to feel. You healed my heart by filling it with love and made me whole again. Despite being a giant, you are the love of my life and I’m so happy that I’m going to be your wife in a matter of minutes.”

Cooper looked at the folded paper in his hands and tucked it into his pocket. “Magnolia, I never thought I’d fall in love. I thought I’d protected myself from that fate. Then you came into my life. I’m not going to say I fell in love with you the moment I saw you, but I did think you were beautiful, tiny like a fairy, but beautiful. It wasn’t long after that that I did fall in love. You say I healed you, but it was your smile and your love that healed me. I’d bet I’m happier that you’re my wife than you.”

Noli raised an eyebrow. “You’d lose that bet too.”

When Cooper put the ring on Noli’s finger, his hand had a slight shake. After the pastor pronounced them husband and wife, Diane handed Evan, wearing the tiniest tux ever made, to Noli. Jack handed Evie, wearing a frilly lavender dress and a huge flower headband, to Cooper. With all the attendants cheering, the four walked down the aisle as a very happy family.





Epilogue




Noli woke at the feel of Coopers lips on hers. She gave him a sleepy smile then put her fingers to her lips to keep him quiet. The twins were teething and getting them to sleep had been a feat. She was exhausted and didn’t want them to wake. Cooper pulled her out of the glider and led her out the nursery. She yawned and rubbed a hand over her face to try and wipe away the last remaining sleepiness.

“You’ve been really tired lately, maybe you should hire an assistant. You’ve had a lot of bookings and events. You could use the help. I don’t want you to wear yourself out with work,” Cooper said once they were in the hallway.

“I’m not worn out. Kayla’s help has actually helped me manage everything.”

“Thank you for keeping her occupied out of the bar. I couldn’t take much more of her looking longingly at Trevor all day and him being oblivious to it.”

“She’s always going on and on about how hot and cold he runs. I suggested that she stop dropping hints because he’s not picking them up. Being straight forward is best. I don’t want her to repeat the mistake we made by not communicating with each other.”

“You’re a good sister in law.”

“Thank you,” Noli said as she yawned.

“If it’s not work that’s making you tired, maybe you should go to the doctor.”

“I thought you were closing tonight. Why are you home so early?” she asked avoiding the subject.

“I came home to celebrate.” Cooper pushed open their bedroom door to reveal lit candles and a bottle of champagne with two flutes on the nightstand next to strawberries and whipped cream.

“What’s all this? What are we celebrating?” Noli asked.

“Patience Magnolia.” Cooper led her to the bed and took his slow sweet time popping the champagne open before pouring it into the glasses. “We’re celebrating expansions.”

“What’s expanding?”

“A couple of things. Our business is expanding. I got a call about a distribution deal for the entire line of brews, both alcoholic and nonalcoholic. We’ll be in a chain all throughout the Midwest.”

Noli squealed. “I’m so proud of you Cooper.”

“Be proud of us. We’re partners. We did this together.”

“This is all you. I’m less of a partner and more of an investor. It’s been your hard work over the last few months since I funded you that has made this happen.”

“No, this deal is because of you. Some higher up decision maker for the chain attended an event you organized. You turning that space into a banquet hall is helping get my brewery noticed, especially by people that matter.”

“But you developed a great product long before I came along. That’s what got the deal.”

“Fine, I guess we’re both to blame for this success. Cheers.” Cooper raised his glass.

“What’s the other expansion we’re celebrating?”

“Our family,” he answered.

“How did you know already?” Noli asked. Her face displayed the disappointment that he’d figured it out before she could surprise him.

“I know because my mom’s boyfriend asked me for her hand. He was even nervous like my answer mattered.”

Noli’s smile returned. “He was probably nervous because you interrogated the poor man like he’d sold secrets to the Russians when you first met him. Plus you’re a giant. He probably thought you’d crush him if you didn’t approve of him wanting to marry Daphne.”

“I did tell him that if he ever stopped making her happy he’d have to answer to me. I don’t think I’ll have to worry about that. I can’t remember my mom ever being this happy.” He raised his glass again. “Cheers to our expanding business and family.”

Noli touched her glass to his, then sat it back on the nightstand without drinking any.

“Why aren’t you drinking your champagne? You don’t want to celebrate?”

Noli took Cooper’s hand and placed it on her stomach. “I don’t think I should drink that because our family is expanding.”

“You mean?”

“I’m 99.9% certain we’re pregnant.”

He leaped off the bed and grabbed her up in a bear hug. She laughed as he spun around a few times. He stopped suddenly mid turn. “Sorry, I shouldn’t have done that.” He had a serious look on his face as he gently sat her on the bed. “Are you okay? I really shouldn’t have done that.”

Noli bit back a smile. “Yes, I’m fine.”

“You sure? I don’t want to do anything to hurt you or the baby.”

“Cooper, are you going to be like this the entire pregnancy?”

He stretched out next to her on the bed. “Yes, I’m going to make sure you’re safe the entire pregnancy. I’m going to be at every doctor’s appointment. I’ll even stop drinking with you. I promise to make as many late night runs to satisfy your late night cravings.”

“I’m having a craving right now. I really want my husband to make love to me right now.”

“I will definitely satisfy that craving.”





Keep reading after my notes and acknowledgments to read an excerpt of upcoming dewyMoss release Dangerous Beauty, Part One: Destiny and a sneak peek of The Nearness of You (Ryan and Amara’s story). In fact, they’re so good you may want to skip the acknowledgements and get straight to the excerpts. After all, you probably don’t know those people I’m thanking anyway.





A Note From Lena




I am a lifelong Hoosier (please don’t ask me that word’s orgin because I don’t know). I currently live in the Circle City (the nickname for Indianapolis because there’s a big circle in the center of the city), or as everyone else in the world calls it Indianapolis. I have a a daughter and a son that make me laugh (and cry a little) everyday. Storytelling has always been such a part of my life that it’s hard for me to imagine that everyone didn’t tell themselves stories at bedtime instead of reading them. Someone to Love is my second novel.

Thank you so much for reading my book! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed telling it. If you did enjoy it, please leave a review. Even a short review is a great way to support me and help other’s enjoy Noli and Cooper’s story. Help a friend discover my work by lending this book.

You can find me online at www.bylenahampton.com, or on Facebook (facebook.com/bylenahampton) and Pinterest (pinterest.com/lenahampton). To get updates on future releases, receive excerpts, and win prizes join my mailing list. Write to lenahampton@outlook.com with “subscribe” in the subject heading. I promise I won’t spam you or share your address.



Love,

Lena

Jack & Diane and Someone to Love is the first books in the Hoosier Hearts series.





Acknowlegements




It’s usually hard for me to start these things, not because I don’t know who to thank, but because there are so many people to thank that I just don’t know how to begin. I’m afraid that if I start off with “First I want to thank God…” I’ll sound like a Grammy winner that has been on TMZ all year and who’s lyrics are more profane than me while driving (road rage much?). Despite that, I have to thank God for all the blessings he’s given me. When I didn’t know how I would find time to write, He made five hours sleep seem like twelve. When I doubted my writing skills, He would prompt someone to email me to thank me for “sharing my God given talents”. I am so thankful that He has not given me what I deserve, because what I deserve isn’t much. Instead He has shown me grace and blessed me.

I owe a huge gratitude to my children who endured many dinners of grilled cheese or PB&J so I could write. I couldn’t do this writing thing without their support and understanding. They even give me story suggestions. I likely won’t use them, but if I ever write about cars going really fast or ninja unicorn assassins, know that I’ve used their ideas. My other family members have been valuable too. From my mother yelling through her office when Jack and Diane was published, to my sister checking my reviews daily, to my cousins that have supported each in their own way. Beyond my family, I have the greatest group of friends a woman could ask for. I would say them by name, but I’m sure I would forget one and feel horrible. My friends bought copies of my first book the day it came out and recommended it to their friends and family. They have even bragged about me to total strangers.

To everyone that read Jack & Diane, thank you. To those of you who took the time to send me an e-mail or message, thank you. I really can’t express how important that was to me. For all the readers that asked when Someone to Love would be released, thanks. Knowing that there was even one person that wanted to read something else that I wrote encouraged me. To the members of the various groups that have welcomed me, thank you.

A special thanks to Theresa and Kim for putting a final polish on Someone to Love.





Sneak Peek: Dangerous Beauty, Part One - Destiny





Anya sat at the kitchen table watching as her beautiful little boy ate his favorite cereal in his spaceship pajamas. He was five years old now, and Anya couldn’t believe how fast he was growing. The sun was bursting through the windows, gleaming off of his shoulder length golden blonde hair. It had gotten so much longer over the past few weeks. She made a mental note to remember to cut his hair later.

Angelo walked into the kitchen. She looked over at him surprised he was even there and not in another country doing God knows what, or who. She didn’t look at him long before she turned her attention back to the little angel in front of her. When she heard Angelo clear his throat to get her attention, she turned her gaze toward him and rolled her eyes.

Nathan hadn’t seen his father enter the kitchen, but when he followed her eyes he jumped out of his chair. “Daddy!” he screamed. Nathan ran to his father and jumped in his arms, showering him with milk coated kisses.

Angelo picked up a towel, wiped his face and laughed. “Ciao mio bel figlio, did you miss your Papa?” Angelo cooed.

Nathan giggled and hugged his father tight. “Yes,” he said nodding his head. Nathan smiled wide and pointed to his missing tooth, “Look! I lost another tooth. Mama says the Tooth Mouse will come and get it tonight” he chirped still bouncing in his father’s arms.

Angelo chuckled and kissed Nathan’s chubby cheek, “That’s good son, but right now Papa needs you to go upstairs and get dressed. He has some company coming to the house in a little while.” He lowered Nathan to the floor.

Nathan nodded his little head up and down. “Okay, Daddy.” He ran from the kitchen up the stairs, his little feet making slapping noises against the floor.

Anya looked over at Angelo and frowned. “Who is this that is coming? You promised me you wouldn’t do business at house.” she said.

Angelo looked up from the coffee he was pouring to where Anya was standing. He smirked, “Uhh… could you repeat that? I didn’t quite understand it, your accent got in the way,” he said referring to Anya’s thick Russian accent.

Anya knew he was just being an idiot, he understood what she was saying. “Stop messing around Angelo. I have right to know who is coming to my house,” she said placing her hands on her hips. She hated when he made fun of her Russian accent, she never made fun of his Italian one.

“I can’t fight with you about this right now. Look the man coming over is an old friend I haven’t seen in three and a half years. He has a little girl, but; I don’t know how old she is. I just figured you could keep an eye on her, while her father and I do business.”

Anya frowned and raised an eyebrow. “I’m not babysitter for every thug, drug dealer, and killer you do business with Angelo.”

“Enough, Anya! You’ll do it. What I have to do today is more important than your fucking attitude problem!” Angelo stormed out of the kitchen leaving Anya there seething.

She couldn’t stand him. And to think, she actually loved the bastard once, and she thought he loved her too. But that was a huge load of crap and now she knew it. The only thing that made her time with the selfish prick meaningful was her sweet baby boy. Nathan was the only reason why Anya put up with Angelo Salerno.

She was jolted out of her bad mood when she heard little feet walking down the stairs. Her handsome little boy was wearing dark blue jeans and a baby blue shirt, perfectly tucked in his pants. The only thing off was his messy hair, but she purposely told the nanny to save that job for her. She was the only one that knew how to handle her baby boy’s hair.

She smiled and grabbed his hand, “Come Мое сердце.”

“Come on Mama, I wanna go to the garden,” Nathan said jumping up and down by her bedroom door.

Anya smiled and walked to him grabbing his hand. “Alright, Мое сердце. We will go to the garden, but first we have to go and meet your Papa’s friend. He has a daughter too, so be nice. Are you ready?”

Nathan nodded. “Is she going with us to the garden?” he asked looking up at her with his innocent gray eyes.

Anya leaned down and kissed his chubby little cheek. “Yes, she is. So you have to be extra sweet today, a gentleman. Can you do that?” She pinched his cheeks.

Nathan giggled and nodded, “Yes, Mama.”

“Okay, let’s go.” And they started for the stairs.

Once they made it downstairs they walked into the living room where Angelo stood talking in hushed tones to a tall, incredibly handsome African American man. Anya had to blink to make sure he was real. It seemed ridiculous for a man that handsome to be in the type of business Angelo was in. The man should be a model posing in underwear on a billboard in New York City, Anya was sure he could pull it off. But then again maybe not, there was something about him, something that kind of scared her. The man was very beautiful but he also seemed very dangerous. Anya shook her head and focused. This was no time to be ogling some handsome stranger in her living room. Once she fully focused her attention on her surroundings she found that both men were staring at her. She blushed. She had been staring at the handsome stranger much too long.

She cleared her throat and straightened herself up. “Hello,” she greeted in a soft voice. The stranger smiled at her.

“Hello,” he replied. His voice was smooth, deep and a bit hypnotizing.

Angelo cleared his throat and glared at her. “Anya, this is a friend of mine, Spook. Spook, this is my wife, Anya, and my son, Nathan.”

Spook? What the hell kind of name is Spook. Anya didn’t know or care. She thought the guy was supposed to have a daughter, but she didn’t see a little girl anywhere.

“Anya and Nathan are going to keep Carter with them, while you and I go to my office and handle our business,” Angelo said waiting for Spook’s approval.

Spook nodded his head but his facial expression remained impassive. He turned his body and kneeled down to the floor. “Carter, I want you to go with the nice woman and her son. I’ll be back soon.”

Anya heard a small whimper, and then heard a tiny voice say “No” as firm as her little voice could.

“Enough, Carter. We don’t cry remember? Now, do as I say.” Spook reprimanded softly.

From what Anya could hear the little girl had to be quite young, so she understood her fear of being with strangers, but she still couldn’t see her.

Anya heard a small sniff and another whimper, “But I want to stay with you,” she whispered. Her voice was so soft and so sweet, Anya almost didn’t hear it. She wanted to go over and pick up the sad little girl and hold her tight in her arms.

Anya noticed some movement next to her and she looked down to see Nathan trying to get out of her grasp. Once he twisted free, he walked confidently over to Spook and the hidden little girl. Nathan walked in front of Spook- where Anya assumed the girl was standing- and the three adults looked on curious to see what Nathan was going to do.

Spook stood up and moved to the side, and Anya got her first glimpse of his little girl. A stunning little hazel eyed girl, who couldn’t be more than three, stared up at Nathan with sad eyes and a tear stained face. Her skin was a gorgeous chocolate shade of brown, and she had the most beautiful thick black hair. It cascaded down her back and ended at her waist. She was so small, and so sad, that Anya wanted to do anything she could to put a smile on her beautiful little face.

Nathan approached Cater slowly with a smile on his handsome face. “Hi, Carter. I’m Nathan,” he said waving at her. The little girl smiled, it was a small sad smile, but a smile nonetheless.

Nathan walked a little closer to Carter. Without another word, he held out his hand for her to take, and Anya was a little shocked when her tiny hand took his without any hesitation. Nathan held tight to her hand as he led her through the living room over to where Anya was standing. He looked up at her. “Are you ready Mama? Carter’s gonna love the garden.” Nathan turned and looked at Carter, “I’ll give you a pretty flower and then you won’t be sad anymore, okay?” Nathan said looking into Carter’s sad eyes. He moved her long hair from her face.

Carter nodded her head and put her thumb in her mouth as Nathan began to lead her to the garden, still holding tight to her hand. Anya had to smile; her little boy was a gentleman, just like he said he would be. Anya looked up and noticed a small smile on Spooks handsome face as he watched the kids leave the room, and Angelo’s smile was all “Proud Papa.”

“Have a good meeting. We will be out back in garden,” Anya said as she turned to leave the room.

“Thank you, Anya. She’s a good girl and she shouldn’t cause you any trouble. Still, I appreciate you keeping an eye on her for me,” Spook said genuinely.

Anya was touched by his gratitude. “You’re very welcome,” she replied and she turned and left the room.

Anya needed to catch up with the kids, but she knew they were safe in the garden so she took her time. She quickly ran upstairs to retrieve her camera; she didn’t want to miss anything thing adorable. She wanted to have future evidence of how sweet her Nathan could be for “teenage year’s” reinforcement. She would make sure he remembered how to be a gentleman even if it killed her. It was either that or risks him being an asshole like his father.

After making some lemonade and snacks for them to have in the picnic area, Anya made her way to the garden.

Once Anya made it outside to the garden, she sat the snacks on the picnic table and set out to find the kids. The garden was large, but she knew where Nathan would be. It was his favorite spot in the entire garden; a big white gazebo decorated with flowers and a big cushy swing with white plush pillows. Her sweet baby boy had taken many naps on that swing.

As she approached the gazebo, she saw Carter sitting there alone on the swing. She was so small. Her sad eyes were locked on her tiny hands in her lap. Anya was about to move closer to ask where Nathan was when she saw her little man climb up the Gazebo steps. He had one yellow rose in each little hand. With her camera ready in hand, Anya stood back to see what was going to happen next.

Nathan sat up on the swing next to Carter, and she looked up at him. He smiled brightly at her, and handed her one of the roses in his hand. Carter took the rose out of his hand, and stared at it, not uttering a word. Nathan’s little hand pushed Carter’s hair away from her tear slicked face. He leaned over and kissed her cheek sweetly. Anya smiled and captured the kiss with her camera. “Don’t cry.” Anya heard him whisper.

“Here, my Mama says roses give us wishes. Do you like wishes?” Nathan asked enthusiastically and Carter nodded her head.

“To get a wish you have to kiss the rose, like this.” Nathan gave the roses a quick kiss and Carter smiled at him.

“Such a beautiful little girl,” Anya said to herself and she walked forward toward the kids. “What are you two silly bugs doing?” She asked with a bright smile on her face.

Both Nathan and Carter giggled. She snapped another picture. “We’re getting wishes!” Nathan looked up at her excitedly.

“Let me see that rose please,” Anya said reaching for Nathan’s rose and he handed it to her.

Anya kneeled on her knees in front of Carter. “Did you kiss your rose yet?”

“Nope she hasn’t,” Nathan answered for her.

“Well Carter, if you give a rose your sweetest kiss, the stars will grant you all you wish. Don’t you want that?” Anya asked, and Carter nodded.

Anya smiled. “Then come, we will do it together.” Together they kissed their roses and Anya made a wish, a silly one, but a wish. She looked at the beautiful little girl in front of her, and then looked at her handsome little boy. She dreamed of them sitting in the garden with little brown babies running around them. She envisioned a beautiful wedding in the garden with only select guests, of her choosing of course. Yes, a silly wish indeed, but after seeing the way her sweet boy behaved with the little beauty, it was one that couldn’t be avoided. Anya wanted Nathan to have everything she didn’t, and that included love. And whether it be someone she doesn’t know yet or this beautiful little girl here in front of her, which she preferred. Anya prayed that her little Nathan would have the life and love that she could only dream of having.

***

Beautiful Stranger



The plane ride to Hope Beach was the most fun Nathan had experienced in a long time. He’d forgotten how much fun it was to hang out with Mickey, and even though he didn’t say it out loud, he was kind of looking forward to the trip with the brothers.

When they got off the plane Nathan was greeted by the warm winds and sunny sky. He was glad they made it to Hope Beach before dark so he could look around the “little piece of heaven,” as Kyle called it. And he was right. Hope Beach was beautiful. The sunny sky, warm breeze, the beautiful luxury homes, manicured lawns, and the gorgeous Hope Garden, all took Nathan’s breath away. He couldn’t take his eyes off of the beautiful assorted flowers that gave the garden a rainbow effect. It made him remember his mother. She loved gardens and she’d spent most of her time tending to her own. Gardening was a skill she had taught Nathan when he was very young. His father would always tell her that it wasn’t a skill that a man needed to possess, but his mother continued to teach him anyway. Nathan didn’t mind it at all, as a matter of fact, it brought him peace. Together-with the help of professionals- he and his mother built a beautiful garden that Nathan hadn’t visited since her death.

Nathan was still admiring the beauty as he waited for the stop light to change. When he looked up he saw the light was still red, so he turned his attention back to the garden. He noticed a large rose garden full of beautiful roses of various colors and his eyes settled on the yellow patch, those were his mother’s favorite. He remembered how she used them as decoration in their home and on his favorite big white gazebo, and the memory brought a smile to his face. It was memories like these that made him miss her even more.

He was enjoying the good memories of his mother when he notice a pair of gorgeous brown legs appear in front of the yellow roses directly in his line of sight. His eyes began to journey upward to see the owner of those beautiful legs only to find a woman with her back toward him. She bent forward and picked up a rose that wasn’t rotted in the ground, giving Nathan a mouthwatering view of her incredible ass in the pair of khaki shorts she wore. Damn, he thought biting down on his bottom lip. She had the perfect ass, round, plump, and it looked soft as hell. Nathan was sure it would fit so perfectly in his hand.

When she stood up, she flicked her beautiful long hair over her shoulder. Nathan didn’t know if he had ever seen hair that beautiful before. It looked so soft, like a thick black cloud that ended in the middle of her back. Nathan yearned to feel it against his skin. His eyes traveled to her beautiful legs again and he admired her gorgeous skin tone. God, her skin looked as smooth as silk, and as sweet as a rich Hershey’s chocolate bar. He really wished she would turn around so he could see her face.

And he got his wish.

When she turned around, for the second time in minutes, something in Hope Beach had taken Nathan’s breath away.

He was stuck, gazing at the stunning woman standing in the rose garden. She looked to be far away in thought as small smile appeared on her beautiful face. She brought the rose up to the most beautiful full lips Nathan had ever seen, and placed a soft kiss on it. Nathan’s breath caught as a rush of memories flashed through his mind of him and his mother in their garden. His mother would pick up one of her roses and kiss it then recite something she made up that Nathan just couldn’t remember at the moment.

Shaking his head of the memory, his attention went back to the beauty in the garden. Her hair blew in the wind, and the sun kissed her smooth milk chocolate skin perfectly. She looked like an angel. Nathan was fighting to stay in the car, but it was like an invisible force was pushing him to jump out of the car, take her in his arms, and kiss her senseless. He wanted to know her name. No, he needed to know her name. He needed to know the memory that put that beautiful smile on her face. He needed to know w-

“Nathan! Hello, earth to Nathan!”

Nathan blinked rapidly and shook his head. What the fuck was wrong with him? Was he actually considering jumping from his car to run across to the street and confess his love to a complete stranger? Holy shit…

He looked at Mickey, who was giving him a striking What-the-Fuck look, Nathan frowned. “What?”

Mickey pointed to the traffic light, “Its green. It’s been green. Where the hell were you man?”

He could hear the horns blare from the drivers behind him but he wanted to steal one more peek at the beautiful stranger. When he looked her way once more, his breath caught in his chest. She was looking at him! She had a confused expression on her face, most likely wondering why the idiot in the black BMW was holding up traffic. Their eyes met, and damn it, Nathan was stuck again!

Her eyes were most beautiful hazel with a hint of green and they held him captive, he was powerless against them. A slow smile appeared on her beautiful face and Nathan couldn’t help but mirror her smile. She raised her hand and waved at him which made him smile wider. She let out a shy giggle and shook her head, and Nathan could have sworn he swooned like a little bitch.

Nathan was completely captivated by her. Her smile was warm and her eyes were expressive, it was like they were having a conversation without even speaking to one another. He was going to run to her, he needed to run to her. Why the hell did he need to run to her?

***

Read Carter and Nathan’s story in Dangerous Beauty, Part One: Destiny available on Amazon Kindle May 2014.





Sneak Peek: The Nearness of You





A few months ago



Ryan Clark dialed the number again. She had to pick up. She had to answer the phone soon. After four rings her voice came on the line, but it wasn’t her, it was the voicemail again. He ended the call and dialed again getting the same result. He knew she was probably no where near her phone. Today was the day she was moving. Right now she was probably hanging her clothes in the closet next to his or adding feminine touches to his former bachelor pad. Either way, she wouldn’t have her phone at the ready to answer his call.

“Ryan, you’re going live in five,” his producer said as she passed by.

He tried calling again. Hoping against hope that she would pick up this time and he’d be able to tell her something in those few minutes that would keep her clothes in the drawers next to his. The plan had been to show his prowess in the kitchen, followed by a display of his prowess in a more intimate room to lull her into a love induced state that would make the news more palatable and her more understanding. He was well prepared to plead his case, but there was no chance for that now.

The news story that would make his career and cause his marriage to crash and burn before take off, had to air today. It was planned for tomorrow, but the national higher-ups had gotten wind of it and wouldn’t — and didn’t want to — sit on it until then. This wasn’t just Chicago politics as normal, this was national news.

With one minute to air time, and still no answer from his wife, he sent a text. He had a mere one hundred and forty characters to explain. “Amara, you are more than my wife, you are my life. I need you to breathe. My world was incomplete without you. Please remember that I love you. I forever love you, Mrs. Clark,” he wrote. He prayed that would be enough until he was able to beg and plead.

***

Amara walked into her new home. Boxes in various stages of being unpacked were scattered throughout the space. It was still early afternoon, but she was exhausted after a day of moving most of her belongings into a storage unit then coming to the apartment and finding a proper place for the rest of her stuff among her new husband’s things. Manual labor was hard. Directing those doing the manual labor was harder.

She kicked her socked feet up on the over-sized ottoman and noticed the remote and the notification light blinking on her phone. She clicked on the television and began to scroll through her phone. There were several missed calls from her husband, Ryan (she so loved the way those two words together), and her boss, a Senator of Illinois. It was her day off, so she opted to call her husband first.

Before she could dial the number, the “breaking news” graphic flared across the screen followed by her husband’s face. She sat up to pay attention to his story. His voice filled the room with words that prompted her to stand, then left her immobilized. The phone vibrated in her hand. She raised the phone to eye level, unable to take her eyes away from the TV. It was her boss, the Senator. She tapped accept and raised the phone to her ear.

There was no time for her to greet her boss because his agitated voice on the other end of the line was already barking out questions. “Isn’t that your boyfriend on Channel 7 telling the world something you promised wouldn’t go pass you? How could you do this?”

“I didn’t do it. I didn’t tell him.”

“Are you seriously trying to act like you’re not the source ‘close to the campaign’? Did a little pillow talk lead to this breaking news? Is that why you’re off today? You said it would be a slow news day, that nothing would be happening. Was that for maximum impact? You said there would be a lull in the campaign today and you needed a personal day. You just didn’t want to be here to deal with the fallout from screwing me over, face-to-face.”

“I didn’t do this. I didn’t…”

“Well it’s done and so are you.”

With that, the phone went dead. She opened her hand and the phone fell to the floor. It landed with a soft thud on the thick carpet. Amara’s knees gave out and she sank to the floor. Her heart plummeted, landing with a crash that shattered it into a million pieces. The question “how could you do this” repeated in her head, but she was asking it of Ryan instead of it being asked of her.

She couldn’t bear one more moment of his handsome face. She turned the TV off and began stacking boxes on the dolly. What had taken three men half a morning to unload into the apartment took her an hour to load in her SUV. She gave the apartment a cursory glance to be sure she’d gotten everything. Her phone vibrated on the granite countertop. She flipped it over without looking at the display, took the back off and removed the battery so she wouldn’t be tempted to answer if it was Ryan. As she disassembled her phone, the ring on her finger glistened in the glow from the pendant light hanging over head.

The ring slid off her finger with ease. She took that as a sign that leaving was the right decision. For a moment she thought about leaving a note, but decided there was no need. There were more important things to think about, like where she was going to go. She no longer had an apartment. Even if she did, she no longer had a job and may not for a while, and she didn’t want to deplete her savings on rent. There was one place to go. Her real home. Her parents’ house. To home, with her parents that actually loved her.

***

Ryan had returned to the apartment first. He hadn’t expected her to be there, but he was going to look everywhere until he found her. He had looked everywhere for her, including her apartment and the campaign office. He’d even driven the brief distance to Gary, Indiana, to see if she’d gone to her parents’ house. After inviting him in, her mom smiled and said she wasn’t home. There was nothing in her manner or cadence that hinted to the lie she was telling so he returned to the apartment he’d given up hope of sharing with Amara. He checked all the rooms again, looking for any trace of her.

A throw pillow rested next to the stuffed chair in the bedroom. It was hers. It had the soft scent of flowers, spice, and vanilla that her apartment had always smelled like. He carried it with him as he checked the rest of the house. Had it been there before? Or had she come in the hours he’d been out looking for her? There was no way of telling. As he walked back into the kitchen he knew it didn’t make a difference.

He sank to the floor and leaned against the base of the island. He hugged the pillow to him and breathed in the scent that reminded him of Amara. The engagement ring and wedding band laying on the counter above his head told him if she had been there, she wasn’t coming back.

Present day

Amara tossed her keys on the entry table and kicked her shoes off. She liked the four inch heels much more than they liked her feet. She shrugged out of her coat and hung it on the coat rack. She flipped through the mail as she walked to the kitchen. Most of it wasn’t for her and the few that were for her weren’t important, so she tossed it on the island for later. She pulled the stemless bistro style wine glass off the drying mat and pulled a bottle of Riesling from the refrigerator. She lifted the lever on the wine stopper and paused. It just struck her that the mail had landed on top of something. But it couldn’t be.

She sat the wine down and slowly approached the mail on the counter. As cautious as someone facing a bear, she lifted the edge of the stack of mail with one finger. There was only one way her wedding band set could be there. Her hands flew to her mouth with a gasp. She jumped back afraid of the circle of metal and stones on the counter. The sudden movement was halted causing her to lose her balance.

Two familiar hands steadied her. “Honey, you’re home.”

She went rigid. Her body was torn between pulling away, leaning into the feel of the man behind her, and using every self defense move she’d ever learn. Not knowing what to do, she just stood there. “Ryan? What…what…why are you in my home?”

“As of this afternoon, this is officially my house, but I’m hoping to make it into a home with you.”

She turned in his arms, glared at him for a moment then pushed away from him. Amara walked back to the front door, stuffed her aching feet back into her heels, grabbed her keys. Not bothering to put her coat back on she slammed the door on her way out. This called for more wine than she had in the house. Perhaps a martini or twelve.

Amara drove out of the subdivision where’s she been renting from her friend Magnolia, Noli for short. The word “renting” was being generous. Her friend hadn’t asked for any money and hadn’t cashed a single check Amara had sent. Selling the house to Ryan could explain that. Ryan and Noli were cousins and blood’s thicker than water. Also, Noli knew nothing of the shamble that perpetuated itself as her marriage with Ryan. Amara was still grateful to because when she first relocated to Indianapolis, she was sleeping on her cousin Serenity’s couch.

She sat in the parking lot of the liquor store with the two bottles of riesling they had chilled. It was cheap, and she’d have a headache in the morning, but that would be fine. A migraine would distract from the resurfaced pain in her heart. She pulled out her phone and dialed Noli.

“Hey, Amara what’s up?”

She didn’t bother with greetings. She needed to get to the bottom of this. “Ryan’s bought the house.”

“I told you about that.”

“No. You didn’t.” She was fighting to keep the hostility out of her tone.

“Well I meant to tell you. Being a new mother killed whatever brain cells being pregnant didn’t take. I’m so sorry it slipped my mind. It’s not a problem is it?”

Amara mumbled a string of profanity before saying more speaking. “No, it’s not a problem. I didn’t know you were selling.”

“Ryan really liked the house when he was there to help Jack get the baby furniture for me and asked if I’d planned to keep it. When I told him I didn’t really need it, he said he was moving to Indy and offered to buy it.”

“Didn’t you tell him I was already living in it?”

“Yes, but he said you’re like family.”

“I’m sure he did,” Amara bit out.

“You don’t sound too happy. Did I do something wrong in letting him buy it?”

“Sorry Noli, it’s not you. It’s Ryan. He’s a …” Amara’s voice trailed off. She couldn’t think of anything decent to say so she said nothing and just took a deep breath.

“Is there something wrong?” Noli asked concerned.

Was it considered wrong that the only man you ever loved continued to turn the knife he’d put in your back.

“Everything’s just peachy. I’m sorry if I got upset. Him moving in just caught me off guard at the end of a long week.”

“I apologize for forgetting to tell you.”

“Forget it. I can deal with Ryan. I was also calling to see about renting the space at Cooper’s bar for a fundraiser. Can you have him give me a call?”

“Actually, I’m the one to talk to about that. We’re business partners now.”

“Business partners and co-parents, interesting.” At least someone was pulling their love life together.

“Amara don’t you start too.”

“Start what? I just said it was interesting. Cooper must be special, this is the longest you’ve stayed put for a while.” After the death of Noli’s parents, she started traveling the world to run from the pain. But an unexpected pregnancy, followed by an early delivery, and a father that refused to be absentee had Noli planting her roots. “I’ll contact you about the fundraiser when I have more details. I thought it would be a good idea to have it at The Smithery because it would show support for an Indiana small business while running for State Senate.”

“Who are you working for again?”

“Ethan Bedlow.”

“The Governor’s son?”

“That sums up my problem, trying to get people to see Ethan as his own person, while still benefiting from the name recognition.”

“I’m so glad you got this job after what happened on that last campaign.” Noli gasped. “Amara, I’m such a horrible friend. I’m sorry. I totally forgot that Ryan was part of what ruined that campaign. I’m so sorry.”

“Don’t worry. With all that’s going on in your life, I totally understand you forgetting how messed up mine is and that Ryan shoulders the bulk of the responsibility.”

“Your life’s not a mess. You’ve picked up the pieces.”

Amara had picked up the pieces and it seemed that Ryan was trying to knock them down again. “It is a mess and it’s about time I actually clean it up and not just push everything under the bed.”

“Tell me about it. I’ll talk to you later.”

It had taken a few months of outright rejections and many unanswered phone calls for her to land another job managing a campaign. It meant moving from the nation’s third largest city, the city she loved, to Indianapolis. At first she understood why it was sometime purposefully mispronounced Indiana-no-place. It had begun to grow on her.

The quiet neighborhood she ran through in the morning helped her clear her head. It was usually just her and the chirps of the birds. There was no such solitude in Chicago. She’d gotten accustomed to the slower pace and loved the lack of traffic jams. She’d even found favorite local spots to eat and drink, and shop. The best thing about the city was that she could turn on the TV without seeing Ryan.

It’s difficult to heal a broken heart, that’s compounded when the handsome face you’re trying to forget is constantly on the screen. How is a woman supposed to move on when the voice that whispered sweet nothings is constantly coming from the speakers? Perhaps he wasn’t constantly on. Maybe it was more like she recorded some of his shows to watch when she missed him.

She had missed him to her core since they’d been separated. For a while there wasn’t a day that went by that she didn’t miss him deeply then hated herself for it. When she’d gotten to a place that he wasn’t on her mind and the prospect of rebuilding her career was real, the real test came, she was forced to see him face to face. Ryan wasn’t just her estranged husband, he was also the brother of her best friend Diane.

When Diane got married this spring, they were both there. He looked so handsome in his tux. He was charming, and laughed and smiled with ease, while she did all she could to keep the tears from flowing. If she started crying, she’d have to reveal to best friend that she was stupid enough to marry a jerk that was using her to advance his career. Then she’d have to tell her that said jerk was none other than her brother. The entire weekend he pursued her and she avoided him for fear of the tears. Or worse, that she’d end up in with bed with him again. She needed Ryan rehab, or a twelve step program, but neither existed, she’d Googled it in a moment of desperation.

Then she had to see him again when Noli, who happens to be his cousin, unexpectedly became a mother. Seeing Ryan beaming over his cousin’s baby crushed her broken heart into a fine dust because she’d fantasized about him holding their child with that exact look of adoration on his face. She’d survived that.

Could she survive them living in the same house? She was about to find out the answer to that question because maybe it was time she take a page from Noli’s book and stop running.

Ryan stood from the couch when she came through the door. His hands were shoved deep in the jeans’ pockets. He looked at her for a moment then focused on something imaginary on the floor. If she didn’t know any better, she’d think he was nervous.

“You want some wine?” she asked as she walked by him towards the kitchen.

“That would be nice.”

She uncorked the bottle like a professional then poured a glass and pushed it towards him across the counter. Handing it to him took the risk of touching him and that’s a risk she didn’t want to take.

“Aren’t you going to have some?”

He raised the glass to his lips, but didn’t take a sip. He was watching as Amara wrapped her lips around the bottle and drank. When she lowered it there was a third left. “This is mine,” she said wiping wine from her mouth with her index finger. “So is that,” she said pointing to bag from the liquor store. “But you can have what’s left in that bottle.”

“I don’t think you should drink that much.”

“I don’t think you should advise me what to do.” She raised the bottle back to her lips.

“No person should drink that much.”

“Ryan, why did you buy this house?”

“Drastic times call for drastic measures.” He stepped closer. “I’ve missed you Amara.”

“None of that explains why you’ve bought a house in Indy when your job is in DC last I heard.”

“When I found out you were moving here, I convinced the network to take a different spin on the show and base me here.”

“So this isn’t temporary?” He shook his head. “Then I’ll move back in with my cousin. Or find a refrigerator box and set up camp down by the White River.”

“Amara, why do you keep running from me? Running away from us?”

“What ‘us’ is there to run from?”

“The husband and wife us.”

“Ryan, you married me to get information, to advance your career.”

“I married you because I love you. I’ve been trying to tell you for months that I got the information from someone else.”

“If not me, then who?”

He looked at the floor. “I can’t tell you that.”

She chuckled. “Protecting them is more important than us, more important than me.” The pain had finally began to dull so she could discuss this without tears threatening to fall.

“Nothing’s more important than you,” he said bringing his eyes back to hers.

“My name is mud because of you. I barely have a career. I’m working for scraps on a long shot US senate campaign. I can barely afford rent. Which is the only thing that’s keeping me from going upstairs and packing right now. If I were important to you, you’d clear my name.”

“I can’t do that.”

“Then prove you didn’t manipulate me and tell me who your source was.”

“Is that what it’ll take for you to forgive me?”

“Ryan, I’ve forgiven you. The problem is I don’t trust you. Love without trust is just lust, and I want more than that in a marriage.”

***

Look for The Nearness of You on Amazon Kindle this Winter to read what happens next.





