A Perfect Fit





by Naima Simone





Breathless Press

Calgary, Alberta

www.breathlesspress.com





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or

persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.



A Perfect Fit

Copyright© 2011 Naima Simone



ISBN: 978-1-926930-61-9

Cover Artist: Justyn Perry

Editor: Sandra Rychel



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced electronically or in print without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations

embodied in reviews.



Breathless Press

www.breathlesspress.com





Dedication





To my Father. You never cease to amaze me with your works and love toward me. Thank you for blessing me and taking the limits off.

Gary, I should just call you my coauthor, because I couldn’t finish a book without you. You are my partner in every way and in every area of my life. And I love it and you.

Debra, when I had my doubts, you gave me a swift kick in my confidence. You are absolutely wonderful. Thank you for laughing in all the right places!

Breeze, Konard, Kevin, and Autumn, I promised you I would put your names in my next book—here it is! I always keep my promises!

Jessica, you are proof that God loves me!

Sandra, I have no words that adequately convey how much your knowledge, humor, and kindness mean to me. With every book I learn more. Not only are you a great editor, but an awesome teacher. And I am always excited to see your name in my in-box. LOL!





Chapter One





“…and without a word of good-bye, she slipped from the prince’s arms and ran down the steps. As she ran, she lost one of her slippers…”—Cinderella

“Son of a bitch! Where is it?”—Rowyn Jeong





“No, open your eyes.” A big hand smoothed her damp, tangled hair from her face. The backs of long fingers grazed her cheek. “I want you to see.”

Her breath shuddered from between parted lips, and after the slightest hesitation, she complied with his soft command. She lifted her lashes, and the erotic tableau that met her eyes stole the air from her lungs. Oh God.

The deep shadows reflected in the bureau mirror couldn’t hide the long arch of a masculine back, the curve of a taut buttock, or the muscled length of thigh. So much sexuality contained under golden skin. The perfect male animal.

Her pussy clenched.

“That’s it, baby,” he murmured in her ear. “Squeeze me tight.”

His ass rose, and she felt the drag of his cock through her swollen sex and saw his thick, gleaming shaft as he withdrew from her body. Restrained underneath him by his body and hands, she could do nothing but gasp and receive the pleasure he seemed intent on giving over and over. It wasn’t the first or even the second time this night she’d been pinned and penetrated. But as the incredible length of his dick tunneled through her pussy once more, it may as well have been the first. Her flesh resisted, parted, gripped. Every inch, every ridge seemed to imprint a fiery brand on her sex.

He groaned, and in a fraction of a second, he tightened his fingers on her wrists. With him stretched over her, his chest pressing into her spine, the shiver that coursed through his big body vibrated over her skin like an electric charge.



Once more he slid free. She quivered.

“Do you have any idea how much my cock wants your pussy?” he whispered. He eased back and hooked an arm under her hips, then pulled her ass up and back. He stroked a palm up her spine, over the ball of her shoulder, and then back down. “There, baby. Watch it. Watch my dick take you.” The pale column of flesh speared from a brown thatch of hair and arrowed straight between her trembling thighs. His cock disappeared from her sight as it surged deep in her sex. She sank her teeth into her bottom lip. Her stomach muscles quivered, and she shook under the erotic image. It felt naughty, forbidden, to watch herself getting fucked. But damn—another groan ripped free as he fisted his cock near the flared base—she couldn’t turn away from the mirror’s reflection. “Your pussy’s so fucking drenched. Like hot cream. Like you’re melting around my dick…”

The dual stimulation of his sexy words and witnessing her own fucking pushed her so close to orgasm, she shook under the whip of lust. Tiny flicks of pleasure lashed her clit, and her pussy rippled around his thick cock. She wanted to come.

As if sensing her heightened need, he surged forward. He buried his length inside her, and his thighs pressed tight to her legs and the lower curves of her ass. Pleasure tore a cry from her throat, and she bucked helplessly against the hard thrust.

“Good girl,” he praised. “Fuck my cock, pretty girl.” He fell forward, palms flat against the dark mahogany headboard. It didn’t seem possible that he had more cock to give her, but God, it felt as if he’d pushed deeper into her pussy and nudged the mouth of her womb. He grunted, and his hips pressed forward, grinding against her ass. He slid one hand between her thighs and plucked her clit.

She screamed.

The sound seemed to snap the binding that tethered his control. With a low, animalistic growl, he fucked her like a stallion covering his mare. His ass clenched and released as he rode her hard, slamming into her with thrust after thrust. She cried out with each stroke, urging him on, begging for more. God. More.

The orgasm pummeled her like a battering ram. No slow buildup, no undulation of pleasure to signal its arrival. Just a crash of ecstasy. A shattering of self.

Then nothing.





***





Oh. Shit.

Rowyn Jeong cast a glance down her body to the heavy arm roped across her waist. Her heart thumped. The shallow gasps of breath that escaped her lips seemed unnaturally loud in the quiet room as her gaze skipped up an arm, over a shoulder, and landed on a long expanse of delectable skin.

Jesus. She sighed and then cringed as it seemed to echo in the room like a shout across the Grand Canyon. Muscles tense, she lay frozen, as if she were engaged in some twisted erotic version of Red Light, Green Light. For several long moments, she remained still, her gaze pinned on the naked man next to her, searching for any sign of wakefulness. After several seconds that stretched like a millennium, she inched from under the arm.

Scoot. Pause. Breathe. Scoot. Pause. Breathe. She repeated the pattern until an arm, hip, then leg dangled over the edge of the mattress like limp spaghetti. One more scoot, and she slid free. Unable to halt her momentum, she flailed, and her ass hit the floor with a thump.

Damn.

She shut her eyes and dropped her chin.

Just Damn.

She risked a peek over the side of the bed, and her inspection took in the still form. His arm stretched across the snowy sheet. His chest continued to rise and fall, undisturbed. She didn’t look away as she inched away from the bed, the man in it, and memories of the night she’d just passed. A flash of heat licked over her skin, and the swollen, well-used flesh between her thighs quivered.

She had to get out of here. Like, pronto.

In a hushed flurry of activity, Rowyn jumped to her feet and circled the room, snatching up clothing that had been hastily discarded earlier in the evening. Panties in her fist—how the hell had they ended up hanging from the lamp shade?—she scurried from the dark room. With a speed that smacked more of desperation than skill, she yanked on her underwear, followed by the black sweater and skirt.



On bare feet, she darted down the shadowed hall and into the living room. Minutes later, a taxi had been requested on her cell phone, her purse was over her shoulder, and her boots and coat had been dragged on. As she headed toward the front door, she paused in front of the hall mirror and glanced at her reflection. Shit. She looked like she’d just spent the night fucking.

With a moue of disgust, she tunneled her fingers through her dark hair and tried to comb some semblance of order into it so she didn’t look so freshly fucked. After several fruitless moments, she gritted her teeth. To hell with it. She scowled and shoved the heavy strands back over her shoulder. She couldn’t do anything about—

Her eyes narrowed and then widened in horror as she stared at her neck—her bare neck. The delicate gold chain and pendant with a tiny crown etched into its surface. To my princess. The jewelry and the loving message engraved in Korean on the back of the ornament were the only legacy she had from her dead father besides her almond-shaped eyes and nearly black, dense hair.

Dammit! She dropped her hands away from her hair, whipped around, and dashed back down the hall, the spiky heels of her stiletto boots clacking out an agitated cadence on the hardwood floor. Where is it? She conducted a circuit of the living room, jerking pillows and cushions of the couch and love seat and ghosting her palm over the glass surface of the coffee table. Finally, after long, frustrating minutes with her heart lodged in her throat, she stood in the middle of the room, one hand cupping her forehead and the other resting on her collarbone. She felt naked—bereft—without the jewelry. She couldn’t leave without it—

A short toot of a horn sounded from outside. The taxi had arrived.

With one last desperate glance down the darkened hall, she turned and retraced her steps toward the front door.

And felt as if she had left a part of her heart behind.





Chapter Two





“Once upon a time, there was a widower who married a proud and haughty woman as his second wife… By his first wife he’d had a beautiful daughter, who was a girl of unparalleled goodness and sweet temper.”—Cinderella

“Nobody’s that damn nice.”—Rowyn Jeong





“New assistant not working out?”

Rowyn glanced up from her computer and met the dark brown gaze of her coworker and friend, Wanda Dixon.

“Hmm?” Rowyn asked, returning her attention to the report on her monitor. A surge of satisfaction rose up in her chest as she studied the budget. The second-quarter numbers were right on target… She shifted her gaze from the quarterly financial statement and realized Wanda had entered the office and closed the door behind her. “What did you say?”

Wanda shook her head and crossed the room. As she sank down onto the chair in front of the desk, Rowyn couldn’t help but notice the elegant fit of her friend’s lilac wraparound dress. The soft color complemented the woman’s smooth, brown skin, and the silk glided over her tall, lithe body. Rowyn tapped a fingertip against her lip. That style might be just the thing they needed to complete the fall collection for the store…

“I said, the new assistant must not be working out.”

Rowyn frowned as she picked up a pen and jotted down a note about looking into that dress. “What are you talking about?”

“I just passed by your secretary of one week, her purse over her shoulder and a cardboard box under an arm.” Wanda arched an eyebrow. “Crying.”

“What the hell?” Rowyn demanded. “Did she say anything?”



“Yeah.” The other woman snorted. “’That bitch is crazy’.”

“Funny,” Rowyn drawled. She dropped her pen on the desk and fell back in her chair, irritated. “Well, damn. This is an inconvenient time to quit. She could’ve at least waited until the end of the day. I have a conference call at three, and I needed her to take notes.” She reached for the phone. “You think Human Resources will send up a temporary replacement?”

“Doubtful.” Wanda smirked. “After three—well, four, counting the one that just left—different assistants in seven months, you’ve earned a bit of a reputation.”

“Reputation, my ass,” Rowyn growled and jabbed a finger in the air toward Wanda. “All I asked her to do was rewrite a report and use fucking spell-check and a dictionary next time. Excuse me if I offended her tender sensibilities,” she sneered. “I’m not a total bitch—”

“Partial maybe, but definitely not total,” Wanda agreed.

“It’s not my fault that the last three—”

“Four, actually.”

“Assistants couldn’t stick around and grow some balls,” Rowyn concluded with a glare at Wanda for her interruptions.

Unperturbed, Wanda held up her hand, stretched her fingers wide, and pretended to study her immaculate manicure. “Maybe they could borrow a couple from you. From what I hear, you have a very nice brass pair.” Her peal of laughter rang out as Rowyn flipped her off. “Very eloquent comeback, my friend.” She chuckled, then slipped one slim leg over the other, rested an elbow on her knee, and settled her chin in her palm. “As much as I enjoy commiserating over your employee—or lack of employee—issues, it isn’t why I came by. I have tickets to the Poison concert tonight. And great friend that I am, thought of you. So how ‘bout it? Want to go?”

“You’re kidding!” Excitement swept Rowyn’s annoyance aside like a tornado winding through an Alabama trailer park. Her voice rose several octaves, and she didn’t care that she sounded like a teenager screeching over her favorite rock band. Hell, given the chance, she would throw Bret Michaels her panties. “Of course I want—Oh damn. Damn. Damn.” She slapped the heel of her palm against her forehead, punctuating each “damn” with a thump. “I can’t.”

Wanda’s eyes widened, and her arm fell across her knee as she leaned forward. “You can’t go see your favorite ‘80s hair band? Is there a world summit on global peace that I’m not aware of?”

Rowyn snorted. “Not likely. Daniel invited a potential business associate over for dinner. And Mom demanded my presence for the performance of the Harrison version of the Partridge Family.” She smiled, and from the tight pull of her lips, Rowyn assumed it appeared as grim as it felt. “Tonight’s showing begins at eight p.m., and I am slotted to play the role of adoring older daughter.”

“Oh God.” Wanda shuddered. “You’d turn down Poison to attend the dinner from hell?”

Rowyn shook her head and winced as thoughts of spending that evening with her stepfather, mother, and stepsister flitted through her mind like a horror movie reel.

“Believe me,” she said, “if I could avoid this, I would. But it’s either go and endure torture for a couple of hours, or not go and have to endure hearing Mom’s diatribe about what an ungrateful, inconsiderate daughter I am for the next couple of months.”

“Well, when you put it like that,” her friend conceded. “My condolences.”

“I need them.” Rowyn squeezed her forehead between her thumb and middle finger. “It’s going to be one hell of a night.”





***





8:15. Shit. She was late.

The Harrisons’ longtime housekeeper, Margaret, opened the front door at her knock. When the older woman smiled and stepped back for her to pass, it occurred to Rowyn that the housekeeper might be the only person pleased to see her tonight. Her mother, Pamela Wright Harrison, would be pissed because she’d arrived late. Daniel Harrison, her mother’s second husband and Rowyn’s stepfather, would be irritated because of the interruption her arrival would cause. And her stepsister, Cynthia, or Cindy, as they all called her, would wear her usual pretty smile and add a vapid comment or two.



Fun, fun, fun.

Yeah. Like a stake in the eye.

“They are in the small living room,” Margaret said, taking Rowyn’s purse from her.

“Thanks, Maggie.” Rowyn inhaled and released the breath in a low gust of air. Then she stretched her lips into the brightest, phoniest smile she could manage. “Here’s my social smile,” she murmured through clenched teeth and a stiff mouth. “How does it look?”

Margaret chuckled and shook her head. “Lovely, Ms. Rowyn.”

The older woman turned and headed toward the hall closet, still laughing softly. Rowyn stared after her, noticing the hair contained more gray strands now than black. The drill sergeant stride that had struck awe and fear in her heart as a child had slowed a bit. It dawned on her like the coming of a new day that if this proud woman were gone, Rowyn would lose the only person who had loved her unconditionally.

She’d entered this home at her mother’s side a scared and nervous eleven-year-old, trying so hard to mimic Pamela’s aloof expression. But Maggie had taken one look at her and had detected the fear lurking beneath the adult mask. And through the years, the housekeeper had loved Rowyn—even when she’d been unlovable.

Amusement mingled with the pang of sadness. There had been times when she’d been damn unlovable.

As she turned toward the living room entrance, humor drained away like the alcohol that doubtless flowed too easily down her mother’s throat. With her hand on the knob, Rowyn started to slab on layer after layer of mental cement around her emotions and heart. A quick scan ensured no cracks existed, and then she twisted the knob, pushed open the door, and entered.

And walked into Charlotte Bronte’s version of hell.

Daniel faced the entrance, speaking animatedly to the tall man across from him. Her mother—surprise, surprise, with a highball glass raised to her lips—and stepsister filled in the small circle. At the sound of the door closing behind Rowyn, all four turned to stare in her direction.

Oh. Damn.

The gasp was trapped in her throat, and the world screeched to a halt as if God had slammed his foot on the brakes of time. She sucked in a breath—a difficult task, since all the air seemed to have been vacuumed out of the room. Perspiration prickled her palms, and if she could have moved, she would have rubbed them against her skirt.

It can’t be. She stared, her heart performing a dizzying tap dance against her rib cage. It’s not possible.

Yet meeting the bright blue eyes that had haunted her dreams for the past six months, Rowyn couldn’t deny what her gaze refused to accept.

Him.

She’d convinced herself he couldn’t have possibly been as beautiful in reality as he’d appeared in her dreams. After all, when a man gave a woman the most intense, just-this-side-of-death orgasms she’d ever experienced, she could be forgiven for imagining him larger than life. But no, as he stood mere feet away, staring at her with his impenetrable gaze, Rowyn realized her dreams hadn’t been exaggerations.

The same deep cobalt eyes that reminded her of the heart of the ocean. The same olive-tinted skin that reminded her of Italian villas perched on craggy cliffs and romantic beaches. The same beauty that, if he’d been born centuries earlier, would have had Michelangelo drooling to sculpt him for his David. His dark brown, closely-cropped curls enhanced the image of a Greco-Roman work of art. And Jesus, the body—she shivered. Tall, elegant, and hinting of an almost primitive power that existed under the civilized black jacket, slacks, and maroon shirt.

She’d been on the receiving end of that power, unleashed and wild.

The intense stare held her immobile and might as well have been a length of steel chains wrapped around her body. She couldn’t move, couldn’t avoid the hard questions in his penetrating gaze.



Unbidden, a memory of the last time she’d been with him flared in her mind. Just the thought of that night could make her nipples tingle and her sex clench. There were nights she still woke from erotic Technicolor dreams, body trembling and breath rasping out of her throat. Dreams of a face hardened with lust, gleaming blue eyes, and a big, muscled body sliding on top of hers, thrusting deep in her pussy. Stretching and filling her…

Rowyn shivered. Damn. All this time later, and an emptiness lingered, a hollow emptiness that could only be filled by a man she believed she’d never see again—the man not five feet away.

“Rowyn,” Pamela drawled, snatching her from the stupor she’d tumbled into. “How nice of you to show up. Late.”

The barb might as well have been a rubber ball, for it bounced right off of Rowyn. Her mind felt like it had been wrapped in yards of bubble wrap. What was Darius doing here? In Boston?

“Darius, please forgive my daughter. She’s a terrible workaholic.” Her mother’s smile was nothing but a tight pull of lips. “Gets that from her father, I’m afraid.”

Rowyn gritted her teeth. The other people in the room may have assumed Pamela referred to Daniel Harrison, but she and Pamela knew her mother meant Rowyn’s biological father, Charles Jeong. The man Pamela resented even eight years after his death.

“I apologize.” Rowyn found her voice and the strength to tear her attention from Darius Fiore.

Daniel stepped forward. “Darius, I’d like to introduce my stepdaughter, Rowyn Jeong. Rowyn”—he nodded—”this is Darius Fiore, a business associate from Seattle.”

“Nice to meet you.” The greeting sounded formal, polite, and as if she’d never sucked his cock to the back of her throat.

A small half smile tipped a corner of Darius’s mouth, and for a moment she feared he would mention that they knew each other—biblically. But no; he stepped forward and extended his hand. “It’s a pleasure, Ms. Jeong.”

Rowyn accepted his hand, and he closed his fingers around hers and squeezed. She stared down at their clasped hands and was pummeled by flashes of those same long, elegant fingers stroking in and out of her pursed lips as he demonstrated how he wanted her to suck his cock. Her clit set up a pounding like the drum section in a marching band. Cream moistened her slit, and God, she swore that even now, months later, the tangy flavor of his skin lingered on her tongue.

Her breath rasped in her throat, and she snatched her hand away as if his palm held a live coal. She avoided his gaze and shifted back a couple of steps, placing distance between them. So close to him, his fresh-air-and-sunbaked-sand scent enveloped her, and she could imagine him holding her against his body, his arms wrapped around her. She took another step back.

“Are you okay?” he murmured, reaching out to steady her.

“Yes, fine,” she rasped and moved her arm out of his reach. She glanced up, cleared her throat, and locked eyes with him again. “I’m fine.”

“Rowyn is one of the most capable women I know.” Cindy’s sweet, bell-like voice interrupted their visual noon showdown. Her younger, gorgeous stepsister slipped an arm through Darius’s and offered Rowyn a glass of wine. “If she claims she’s okay, then believe me, she is.” She chuckled, the sound as delightful as everything else about her sister, and guided Darius back to Daniel and Pamela, leaving Rowyn to follow.

Rowyn contemplated the pair. Objectively they made a striking couple. Cindy’s brown curls brushed his shoulder, making his tall stature appear even more so, her slender frame the perfect foil for his strong, broad-shouldered physique.

But subjectively, Rowyn wanted to warn Cindy that if she didn’t remove her touch from Darius, she’d draw back a nub.

Jesus. This is going to be a long-ass evening.

“I’ve always wanted to visit Seattle,” Cindy commented, smiling up at Darius. “It’s beautiful scenery. So picturesque and romantic.” She cast a glance over her shoulder in Rowyn’s direction. “Rowyn has been there several times, though. On business, of course.”

“What other reason would she have to travel? Our Rowyn is married to her job.” The brittle laugh failed to blunt the verbal slice. After thirty years of the emotional stabs, Rowyn should have ceased to bleed fifteen years ago.



“It is a beautiful part of the country,” Darius said, smoothly filling the uncomfortable silence following Pamela’s thinly veiled barb. “I moved there ten years ago from Florida, and I’ve never regretted it.”

“I’m sure Seattle has never regretted it either,” Daniel said, clapping the younger man on the shoulder. “The employment rate must have had a boost with your chain of department stores.”

Rowyn fought to contain her surprise. It had never occurred to her that she and Darius worked in the same field. Of course, they hadn’t talked about business that night. Funny how she knew his favorite movie was The Breakfast Club, he had no clue who Lady Gaga was, and he couldn’t pass by a Hershey’s bar with almonds without buying one. But how he earned his living had never surfaced in their myriad conversation topics.

Then again, maybe not so funny. That night she had craved being someone other than Rowyn the coldhearted businesswoman. Rowyn the plainer, bitchier stepsister.

Rowyn the out-of-wedlock mistake.

She studied the dark red depths of her glass, imagining it were a crystal ball. Maybe that explained why her mother drank like a fish. Maybe she too hoped answers lay at the bottom of her glass.

“With the success and popularity of your women’s department, this merger could be highly profitable for both of us.”

Merger? Rowyn frowned and fixed her gaze and attention on Daniel. She hadn’t heard the slightest whisper of a joint venture with another company.

“You’re considering merging, Daniel?” Rowyn asked, voice as placid as she could manage even though tiny quivers of disquiet rippled through her stomach.

“Yes.” Her stepfather regarded her with a faintly puzzled frown. Maybe he forgot I’m still standing here, Rowyn mused. “We’re starting off small. Just the women’s fashion department for now.”

The quivers swelled into breakers that threatened to tow her under their water of disbelief, anger…and hurt. After years of Daniel’s indifference and careless, sporadic affection, Rowyn had believed her stepfather could no longer hurt her. I stand corrected.

“Since that is my division, what would happen to the offices here? As well as the employees?” Me?

A furrow of irritation appeared between his brows, as if her questions were too pesky to address…as if his stepdaughter was too inconsequential to consider.

“All that can be worked out.” He waved off her concerns with a small flick of his hand. “Everyone can be reassigned.”

The pain radiated out from the center of her chest and infected every part of her body, until Rowyn felt like a walking, throbbing wound.

Everyone.

She’d busted her ass for his company—for him—for five years. The long hours, the hard work… They had been all she’d had to offer Daniel that he’d willingly take. Never had Rowyn disillusioned herself that she could win his love—that had been reserved for his dead first wife and their daughter—so she’d given him the one thing she had. And now he’d literally brushed it off as one would an annoying gnat.

Jesus. When would she learn?

When the hell would she stop caring?





Chapter Three





“When the prince set eyes on Cinderella, he was struck by her beauty. Walking over to her, he bowed deeply and asked her to dance. And to the great disappointment of all the young ladies, he danced with Cinderella all evening.”—Cinderella

“Welcome back, buddy.”—Darius Fiore, to his penis after seeing Rowyn Jeong again





When Darius had turned twelve, his cousin Jared had liberated the new four-wheeler he’d received for his birthday and wrecked it before Darius had a chance to ride it. At twenty, he’d caught the college undergraduate he’d believed himself in love with treating her economics professor to a late-night blowjob—and who thought Darius should have understood, since she needed a C, as the class was in her major.

And when Darius was twenty-five, his father had promoted a lazy imbecile over him because he hadn’t wanted his son to rise too quickly in the family business. And that same month, he divorced Darius’s mother and married the aforementioned undergraduate. Apparently the economics professor hadn’t been the only man she’d been blowing behind Darius’s back.

In every one of those experiences, Darius had been mad as hell. But not one compared to the fury that consumed him as he stood next to Daniel Harrison and witnessed the disregard and cold rejection of his oldest daughter. Correction: stepdaughter, as the businessman had been quick to point out when Darius had inquired about her.

Blood relation or not, she deserved more respect than Daniel had granted. Before considering partnering up with Harrison Companies, Darius had researched the huge chain. Numbers didn’t lie. The business’s main income was derived from the women’s fashion division. And its success could be directly attributed to Rowyn Jeong.

Of course when he’d read her name on his reports, he hadn’t realized the departmental head and the woman he’d nearly killed himself fucking six months ago were one and the same.

He paused inside the entrance to the living room they’d congregated in earlier. She stood at one of the long, oblong windows, staring out into the darkness. For the moment they had the room to themselves. Her parents had been held up by their housekeeper, and Cindy had excused herself, most likely too polite to say she needed to go to the bathroom.

As he stared at the proud line of Rowyn’s spine in the simple but stylish wine-red sheath, Darius was thankful for the time to study her. Ramrod straight. Unbending. A perfect description of the woman he’d spent the evening sitting across a dinner table from. With a reserve that rode the edge of detachment, Rowyn had dined quietly while her stepfather alternated between boasting about his company and rhapsodizing his younger daughter’s virtues, her mother complained and emptied glass after glass of wine, and her stepsister chattered nonstop about…hell, whatever. He’d stopped listening after the first mind-numbing round of local gossip.

Through the long dinner hour, Rowyn had appeared untouched, even indifferent. Yet, sitting across from her, he’d spied the flicker of hurt that had darkened her eyes at Daniel’s callous rebuff. And he’d detected the minute cracks in her armor as Pamela delivered well-aimed jabs and cutting remarks.

“For an educated woman, you have nothing relevant to add to this conversation.” “I wish you would do something with your hair. No wonder a man isn’t attracted to you.” Jesus. It almost seemed as if she disliked her daughter. He had wanted to jump in and demand the older woman lay the fuck off. He’d wanted to catch Rowyn’s gaze, assure her that she wasn’t alone in this battle that masqueraded as dinner. But Rowyn had studiously avoided making eye contact with him, and he’d had to swallow his disappointment along with the Sir Galahad syndrome that had reared its chivalrous head.

He could have saved his worry, though. Rowyn had taken her mother’s verbal stabs in stride. If he hadn’t been studying her so closely, he would have missed the slight tightening of her lips and the small tilt of her chin.

Who was Rowyn Jeong? The contained, aloof businesswoman? Or the sensual, uninhibited lover who had disappeared without a hint to her existence except for the lingering scent of sex on his bedsheets and a beautiful necklace and pendant?

Determined to find out, Darius stepped forward. He noticed her back stiffen as he approached, but she didn’t turn around to face him. He didn’t pause until the lapel of his jacket grazed the deep red satin of her dress.

He shoved his hands in the pockets of his slacks. It was either that or grab her arms, turn her around, and lick the curve of her plump bottom lip before sliding his tongue deep into the mouth he’d had wet dreams about.

Their eyes met and held for a brief space of time in the darkened window that reflected their images. Unlike Cindy, the top of Rowyn’s head grazed his chin, and he didn’t feel like a hulking giant next to Thumbelina. From experience, he knew her sexy curves complemented his body like a perfect puzzle piece. Again and again, her breasts had pressed to his chest, his hips to that beautiful rounded ass. He inhaled. And like a deer scenting water, his body reacted to her skin’s perfume.

His breathing deepened; his skin prickled. His cock hardened to the point of sweet pain. Fuck, the smell of her was like a hot palm squeezing his dick.

“Did you just smell my hair?”



The husky tone contradicted the sharp words. Her back remained to him, but Darius glimpsed the narrowing of her eyes in the window.

“Yes, I think I did.” From her silence, he assumed his candor surprised her. He could have lied. Probably should have. But considering the lurid images that had been running through his mind from the moment she’d walked through that living room door over an hour ago, smelling her hair seemed pretty low on the you’re-a-sick-fuck list. Hell, every time she’d closed her lips around her fork, he’d pictured Rowyn as she’d been that night—kneeling before him, her pretty mouth stretched wide around his cock, her moans vibrating along his skin, dark eyes gleaming with pleasure…

His skin felt like a dry-clean-only suit that had been washed: tight as shit. His cock throbbed, and lust gripped his gut in a headlock. In six months, no other woman had made his dick twitch, much less harden to full erection. Shit, if not for the fact that it jerked and erupted in his hand every night to thoughts of this woman, he would’ve believed an emergency regimen of Viagra was in order.

Rowyn turned to face him. Without flinching, she tilted her head back to meet his stare. No fidgeting. No hint of coyness. No flirting. And damn, wasn’t that hot?

“At the risk of sounding cliché, it’s a very small world.” The understatement of the century. He scoffed.

“Somehow I don’t believe Jiminy Cricket meant bumping into someone he’d seen naked. And in his parents’ home.”

Though the image of a tuxedo-clothed cricket bumping uglies was disturbing, he couldn’t suppress the spurt of humor at her dry wit. It had been one of the characteristics that had captured his attention and kept him pinned to that barstool all those months ago. It was also one that had failed to make an appearance this evening until now. Now, as then, it only enhanced the natural beauty and allure that even her cool demeanor, restrained hair, and subtle clothing couldn’t hide.

“No wonder I couldn’t find you,” he said, shifting closer, trespassing her space. This close, he didn’t miss the glint of emotion that flickered in her eyes. Oh yeah, this woman would guard her personal territory and obviously resented his invasion. But she didn’t back up either. Did he say her straightforward manner was hot? He meant hot as fuck.

Unable to stop himself, he lifted a hand to her face and stroked his thumb over the lush bottom lip that fascinated him. He wanted to bite it, suck the sweet flesh between his teeth. His dick jerked, totally on board with the idea.

“Do you know there are fifty-six Rowyns in the greater Seattle area?” he asked softly.

“You searched for me?”

Darius ignored her question and the disbelief that coated it. In one motion, he dropped his hand and retreated away from temptation. Need seemed to replace the air in his lungs, the blood in his veins. The exotic almond shape of her heavily lashed eyes, the high, aristocratic cheekbones, the sinful mouth… He stifled a groan and took another step back. God should have made her the eleventh commandment.

“Why did you leave?” The words seemed to erupt from his lips. The question had plagued him since that night and couldn’t be contained a moment longer. Had he demanded too much from her? Had he hurt her in some way?

The worry had been like an insistent itch at the back of his neck that he couldn’t ease. His memories were of a hot night filled with the most incredible sex with an incredible woman. As he’d fallen asleep, waking up to that same woman and learning more about her had been his last coherent thought.

Instead he’d woken to an empty bed and an emptier hole in his gut, as if he’d been offered the opportunity to partake of a sumptuous feast and had arrived too late.

Rowyn blinked, then cocked her head, her expression as bland as her tone. “To stay two nights would have been a bit counterproductive to the purpose of a one-night stand.”

He arched an eyebrow. Since he was fourteen, women had cozied up to him, flirted—as much for his appearance as well as his father’s money.

None had wham-bam-thank-you-ma’amed him.

“You know,” he drawled and reclaimed the distance he’d placed between them, “if I hadn’t seen you midorgasm, I might buy this freeze-ice-cubes-on-your-ass routine.” He touched her again. This time right where the stomach and pelvic region merged. He dropped his gaze. If she were naked, he’d probably graze the top of the neatly trimmed nest of black hair that covered her pussy. He heard the loud intake of breath, and her abdominal muscles clenched, going concave beneath his fingers. “Now, that sound I clearly remember. Every time I pushed my cock into your tight pussy, you’d suck in a breath and hold it.”

He sketched a small circle over her dress, applying enough pressure that he felt the soft give of her flesh beneath. “Remember the first time I fucked you? God, it took forever for your pussy to loosen around my dick. I had to move so slow. It was torture feeling those muscles quiver around me. I almost lost it before I was fully inside. You were so wet, so small.”



He groaned and widened the circle, coming perilously close to the top of her sex. The rasp of air from Rowyn’s lungs confirmed his assumption. “But the second time you took me easier. And the third…” He paused, glanced up, and beheld eyes that were anything but cold. They gleamed with heat. Her lush lips parted under her pants, and a delicate flush colored her high cheekbones. Fuck, she was beautiful. “The third time,” he continued, “I slid right in as if I’d broken in your pussy with my cock.”

A small, inarticulate cry escaped her, and she shuddered. Thick lashes lowered.

“Sweetheart,” he murmured and slid a finger lower.

“There you two are,” a cheery voice interrupted, shattering the desire-thickened tension that had woven around them like a cocoon.

In an instant, the passion of a woman on the verge of surrender gave way to such stricken vulnerability that Darius bit off a blistering curse. He turned around and blocked Rowyn from her sister’s view. Even as he faced Cindy and forced a stiff smile to his lips, nothing could erase that haunted expression from his mind.

“Dad wanted to give you a tour of the house, Darius.” Cindy crossed the room and linked an arm through his. She tipped her head back, then gave him a pretty grin and flirtatious squeeze. “He’d like to show you where the party will be held Saturday night. You are staying in town for it, aren’t you?” She guided him toward the opened door of the room, and he allowed it. As he responded to her question about his plans, his thoughts lingered on the silent woman who remained in the living room.

No doubt shoring up her prickly defenses.

Good thing he didn’t mind getting scratched.





Chapter Four





“When another ball was held the next evening, Cinderella again attended with her Godmother’s help. The prince became even more entranced.”—Cinderella

“What? Do I have broccoli stuck between my teeth?”—Rowyn Jeong





“I’m coming!”

Rowyn almost flew down the staircase, shoving pins in her chignon as she hurried to answer the insistent ringing of her doorbell. A harried glance at her wristwatch revealed the time: 7:30 a.m. A barrage of thoughts raced through her mind and set her heart pounding. Her mother. Cindy. An accident. It had to be bad news to bring someone to her door, much less this early in the morning.

God, please let them be all right—

She gripped the knob with one hand and twisted the lock with the other. Not bothering to peek out the side window, Rowyn jerked the door open.

And stared.

“Good morning.” Darius grinned down at her.

What. The. Fuck.



“Please tell me you’re bringing news of a tragic car accident and have beaten the police to my door.”

He arched a dark eyebrow. Rather than respond, he held out a foam cup. A thin wisp of vapor rose from its lid, bringing with it the seductive aroma of freshly brewed coffee. She scowled and folded her arms across her chest. He didn’t really think he could distract her with coffee, did he?

Darius sighed. “No tragic accident. Why would you think that?”

“It is the only explanation for your showing up at my house this early in the morning. Hell, showing up at my house, period,” she snapped.

“Such a gracious host.” He tsked, shaking his head, a small smile playing about his full lips. Damn, those lips. The things he could do with them… She delivered a mental slap to herself with a sharp order to get it together. But the warning came too late. He had already maneuvered his way past her and into the foyer of her home.

With a low growl of irritation, Rowyn slammed the door shut behind him. Darius turned, and once again, she ignored the offer of the cup.

“What are you doing here?” Jesus, she sounded like a shrew. Yet she couldn’t stop the anxiety that sharpened her voice. Her home was her domain. Her sanctuary. The four years she’d lived in the Back Bay house, no one but Wanda had been allowed inside.

Without glancing behind her, she knew the soft colors, overstuffed couches, and landscape paintings he studied represented a side of her she didn’t reveal to many people. Watching him survey the airy living room that opened off the small foyer caused a vulnerability she detested.

“Very nice,” he commented, bringing his inspection to rest on her face. With those deep blue eyes that seemed to see far too much, the touch of his gaze was almost tactile, and she resisted rubbing her face to discover if she’d inadvertently left behind a dab of moisturizer.

“What?” she asked, sounding as if she’d just sprinted around the block.

“Nothing,” he said, and with the same half smile quirking a corner of his mouth, extended the coffee cup again. “Please,” he murmured.

“Shit,” she mumbled and accepted the hot drink. Their fingertips brushed, and a bolt of lightning charged up her arm, straight to her breasts, and zinged to her pussy. Winded, she glanced down at her linen sheath, amazed no scorch patterns appeared on her clothes. She flicked her eyes up and slammed into such heat, it intensified the sweet ache in her nipples and between her thighs.

God, his stare seemed to burn a hole right through her.

Had anyone ever looked at her like that before? Yes, she assured herself. He had. While stripping her clothes from her body. While staring up at her from between her spread thighs as he circled her clit with his tongue in a wicked caress. While pounding into her pussy with so much force, the headboard had banged against the wall in time to his measured and deliberate thrusts.

Blood rushed between her thighs, and even now she could feel the echo of those demanding strokes deep in her sex. Moisture glazed her slit, drenching her panties. The power this man had over her body with one look… It should be criminal.

Rowyn ducked her head on the pretense of drinking her coffee and took a step back. She lifted the cup to her mouth, sipped, and jerked her head up in shock.

“You know how I take my coffee?” she asked, the creamy flavor of the brew still on her tongue. Most people would assume a ballbuster like her would prefer her coffee black, not liberally sweetened with cream and sugar.

“You ordered a cup before we left the bar,” he reminded her and cocked his head, studying her. “There isn’t much I don’t remember about you, Rowyn.”

Silence filled the foyer. His words dropped in her soul like a pebble in a pool of water, and unfamiliar warmth rippled out in ever-widening rings of tenderness. He barely knew her, yet he’d noticed and remembered her likes. She couldn’t even say the same about her family.

“Well…” She cleared her throat and curled her toes self-consciously against the cool wood floor. “What are you doing here?”



“Since this is my first time to your city, I thought I’d do the tourist thing.” He gave her what he probably considered a charming smile. And damn him, it was. “I couldn’t think of a better guide than you.”

“What have you been smoking?” Flames rushed up her neck and singed her face as he grinned wide. She grimaced and wondered where the hell her much-lauded reserve had disappeared to.

Rowyn had made it an art of hiding her emotions behind a wall of indifference. She’d learned long ago that if she didn’t give a reaction, people—Pamela—didn’t derive as much pleasure from needling and provoking her. So how Darius managed to slip under her defenses and wreak hell so effortlessly boggled her. “It’s a workday, in case you haven’t noticed. And that’s where I’m headed. To work.”

“Take a day off.”

“I don’t take days off,” she protested, balking.

He arched a brow, and she ground her teeth together, surprised she didn’t exhale powdered enamel. God, she was beginning to hate that eyebrow.

“There’s a first time for everything,” he replied calmly.

“Not today there—” Darius held up a finger, and her mind blanked at the imperious gesture. She blinked. Then blinked again. “Did you…?” she sputtered. “Did you just hold up a finger on me?” Her voice rose a decibel with each word, outrage and disbelief jacking the volume up to the no-the-hell-he-didn’t! level.

“You’re yelling,” he pointed out.

“Damn right,” she snarled and stabbed a finger toward the front door. “You can go now.”

“Oh, I intend to,” Darius agreed and slid a hand in the front pocket of his black pants, the coffee he’d bought for himself held in the other. Unfortunately the loose fit did nothing to detract from the narrow waist, the strength of his muscled thighs, or the impressive bulge under the zippered panel. “As soon as you change, we’ll leave.”

Rowyn tightened her grip on the cup while fisting her other hand down at her side. Ten, nine, eight, seven…

“Are you growling?” That fucking brow again. By God, she was going to snatch it off his forehead!

“I. Am. Going. To. Work.”

“Hmm,” he hummed, lifted the foam cup to his mouth, and studied her over the lid. He sipped the coffee, the muscles of his throat working. Even the man’s Adam’s apple was sexy. “I can spend this day with you, or I could accept Daniel’s lunch invitation, followed by a round of golf. Of course, I don’t play, but I’m sure we could find all sorts of fascinating topics to discuss…”

Rowyn had grown up with Pamela as a mother, so she understood anger. But never had she experienced the primal urge to kill. Maim. Dismember.

“Blackmail is not attractive,” she snapped.

“Ah”—he tapped a finger against his bottom lip—”but is it effective?” Darius smiled, and she suspected he didn’t try to conceal the satisfaction from his expression or his tone.

He’d won this round, and they both knew it.

“I’ll be right back.” She shot him a glare of disgust and then wheeled around to head back up the stairs, warm cup still clasped in her hand.



And they accused her of having brass balls.





***





“Admit it. You’re having a good time.”

Rowyn slanted a glance at the man walking beside her. The hot afternoon sun beamed down on the walking trail next to the Charles River, highlighting the lighter shades of brown in his hair. The dark curls were long enough to form a sexy cap around his well-shaped head, but short enough to emphasize his patrician features. In a nutshell, he looked like the gorgeous Roman emperor he most likely descended from.

But the impression didn’t stop with his appearance. His commanding presence, confident tilt of his chin, long-legged stride—they all attested to a man accustomed to leading and inspiring others to follow. The man had established a clothing empire that dominated the northwest and western markets. That kind of success took a special kind of grit and determination, not to mention brilliance.

And to top it all off, he could fuck like he’d invented it.

“C’mon, Rowyn.” He tipped his half-eaten strawberry ice-cream cone in her direction. “’Fess up. You’re enjoying yourself. You took a day off work, and the world’s market didn’t crash, California didn’t plummet into the sea, and the earth’s core didn’t implode.”

She pulled a face. “Fine. It hasn’t sucked.”

Darius laughed, the sound low and earthy. She couldn’t help but smile in return. The day hadn’t stunk, she admitted, swiping her tongue over the banana ice cream that topped her sugar cone. It had been wonderful. Though Rowyn had been ready to wipe the floor with him that morning, her anger had soon given way to the secret thrill of being with him.

In that dark, hidden place that could only be accessed after several glasses of wine, she owned up to a shameful delight that he’d taken the choice of spending the day with him out of her hands. He’d made her concede to the desire that her heart hungered for but her head denied.

That thought would undoubtedly get her Women’s Lib card revoked, but Darius overrode all rational decision making.

They’d spent hours visiting such tourist traps as Faneuil Hall Marketplace, Fenway Park—she shuddered—the Bull & Finch Pub, better known as the Cheers bar, as well as the many shops and stores along Newbury Street. Even though she’d lived in Boston all her life, it had been years since she’d taken the leisure time to explore and enjoy her hometown. Not only was she seeing the historical landmarks and colorful sights through Darius’s eyes, but through her own as well.

Something else to thank him for.

“Thank you,” Darius said as he studied the quaint shops, vendors, and buildings that edged the banks of the Charles River before bringing his gaze back to her. He lifted his arm and stroked his free hand down the long tail of hair that brushed her shoulder blades. She fought to not close her eyes at the gentle caress and the small tug on her scalp that reverberated in her belly. In that moment, she was thankful she’d chosen the more casual ponytail over the professional chignon. “The most experienced tour guide couldn’t have treated me to the day you have.”

Rowyn shrugged, and pleasure at his praise coursed through her like a slow-moving current. This time she didn’t ignore the fluttering in her stomach; she’d stopped that futile exercise hours ago.

“Blackmail aside,” she drawled, “I’m glad I came. I’d forgotten how beautiful and fun Boston could be.” Memories overwhelmed her, as if the lock that had contained them had been picked and the mental images sprang free. A steel band constricted her chest, and Rowyn fought to drag air in her lungs. “The last time I walked this trail was with my father. We’d spent the day together celebrating my fifteenth birthday.”

“Are you close?” Darius asked, popping the last bite of his cone in his mouth.

“Were,” Rowyn corrected. And the pain that throbbed in her heart vibrated in her voice. “He died eight years ago.”

“Oh, sweetheart,” he murmured and reached out toward her. His larger hand engulfed her smaller one and held it tight. “I’m so sorry.” He drew her closer, and she didn’t resist, at that moment needing his comforting nearness. “I didn’t know.”

“No.” She shook her head. “It’s okay. And to answer your question, no, we weren’t very close. Before he died, we were trying to rectify that.”



Rowyn paused beside a trash bin, pitched in her half-finished cone, and accepted Darius’s napkin to toss. Inside, the words she’d never verbalized churned in her chest like a furious cyclone, gathering momentum, ready to burst free. But fear corked the flood. She wanted to talk to Darius—confide in him—but it felt as if an invisible hand covered her mouth, trapping the words.

With a light tug, he guided her back to the middle of the path. They resumed walking, her hand still firmly clasped in his.

“You know, I grew up in a family not so different from yours. We were prominent, well-to-do, in the clothing business. My father is third-generation Italian. His grandfather had emigrated from Italy and founded a department store that started with a wheeled cart full of shoes.”

“He sounds like a remarkable, determined man.”

“From the stories, that’s pretty accurate. He died when I was a baby. But my grandfather was just like him. Proud. Hardworking. Not free with praise, but when he gave it, it felt like the sky had just opened up and beamed down a gift.” Darius chuckled. “I loved him, and though he never uttered the words, I know he loved me. Unfortunately my father could not say the same.”

Caught up in his story, Rowyn hadn’t noticed when he paused beside one of the benches that dotted the trail. Darius lowered to the seat and gently pulled her down beside him. The wood warmed the backs of her thighs through the thin material of her dress, and she leaned a shoulder against the back of the bench, her body turned toward him.

She hung on every word, hungry to learn more about this man who had captivated her from the first moment she’d noticed him standing at the end of the nightclub’s bar.

“My father disappointed my grandfather. From his choice of wife, to anglicizing his name to ‘Fury’, to how he ran the family business. So he transferred his attention and time to me…and my father resented me for the approval he believed should’ve been his.”

Darius flipped over the hand he held and, staring down at it, traced the light brown lines crisscrossing her pale palm. The tender touch tingled, transmitting hot pricks of sensation to her breasts and between her thighs. She squirmed under the caress that, compared to others they’d shared, was almost platonic. But she realized that anything Darius did—from hand-holding to an innocent stroke across her palm—amounted to foreplay.

“Since I was old enough to understand, I realized my father has been in competition with me. A spontaneous game of basketball turned into a vicious battle. When I brought home a report card full of A’s and B’s, he pulled out his report card from his childhood that contained straight A’s. After I graduated from college and joined the company, he fought every promotion and bonus because he wanted me to earn my way through hard work and not nepotism, regardless that I remained in the office long after everyone had left or contributed to the rise in revenue for the entire year. His bitterness toward my grandfather never allowed us to have a relationship.”

“Your last name,” Rowyn said softly, shifting her gaze from their hands to his face. “Is that why you go by Fiore instead of Fury?”

Darius nodded. “I changed it back to our original family name in honor of my grandfather. He died when I was eighteen, and I lost the person who gave me the love and acceptance my father didn’t. Or wouldn’t.”

God, she understood that. Never being good enough. Never able to attain approval, no matter the awards, accolades, or success. Never receiving love from the one who was supposed to give it unconditionally.

She clenched her fingers into a fist, battling the urge to reach out and brush the backs of her fingers down his cheek. Or stroke her thumb over one of those damn eyebrows. But years of rejection seemed like a manacle around her wrist, chaining her arm to her side.

Touch him. Comfort him, a small voice whispered inside her head. Give him what you’ve yearned for.

With a force of will that set her heart pounding in a frantic beat, Rowyn lifted her arm, extended her hand toward him, and cupped his jaw. Displays of affection were as foreign to her as the Bible was to an atheist. Sex with Darius had been a risk; she had shared and submitted her body to him in a way she’d never done with another man. Yet this small gesture left her more exposed and vulnerable than hours naked in his bed had. It bared her heart—staked it to her chest, an easy target for rejection.

When Darius covered her hand with his, then turned his head to place a kiss in the center of her palm, she sighed. And the band around her chest loosened.

“My mother resents me,” she said softly. “Every time she looks at me, she’s reminded of my father, who she believes chose his family over her.” The confession stumbled past her lips. For the first time, she admitted aloud the truth she’d known for more than half her life. Wanda realized that the Harrisons weren’t the happy-go-lucky unit they represented in pictures, but even she didn’t know the extent of the antipathy.

Darius pressed his lips to her skin once more before lowering her hand to his thighs and cradling both. He waited, silent, his steady gaze centered on her face. In the blue depths of his eyes she didn’t detect judgment or ridicule. Just compassion. Tenderness. And acceptance.

Those attributes gave her the strength to continue.



“My parents were young when they secretly married against his family’s wishes. I’m sure Dad assumed they would accept her—and eventually me. But that never happened. They blamed Mom for leading their son astray, for trapping him, for not being Korean…” Rowyn choked out a humorless chuckle. “That he continued to work for the family business further complicated the situation and deepened the bitterness and anger that ultimately led to Mom leaving him.”

“Your mother told you this?”

Rowyn shook her head. “No. Dad did a couple of years before he died.” From her mother, Rowyn had heard curses, insults, and rants about her selfish, worthless father who hadn’t wanted either of them. Even to this day, eight years after his death, she couldn’t discuss her first husband rationally. “My parents divorced when I was eight, and Mom did her best to keep me from him—changing the visitation dates, scheduling events on his weekends. A couple of times she forced me to call him and tell him I didn’t want to see him. She needed to hurt him, and replacing him in his daughter’s life with another father accomplished that.”

In an abrupt motion, Rowyn lunged to her feet, unable to sit still any longer. It seemed as if a live wire vibrated under her skin. She needed to move, to do…something.

“Would you mind if we kept walking?”

“Not at all,” Darius murmured. But instead of stepping out onto the path, he shifted in front of Rowyn, cupped her face between his palms, and lowered his head until his forehead rested against hers. Slowly—so damn slowly—he brushed his lips over her mouth. Once. Twice. Then he dived deep, his tongue parting her lips and tasting what lay beyond.

He lit a match to the stick of her emotional dynamite, and her control detonated into pieces around her feet. All the emotional tension of the past minutes cracked under his caressing mouth, and she arched into him, perching on her toes. She met him stroke for stroke. Sucked his tongue back into her mouth when he would’ve withdrawn. The hungry growl that rumbled in her throat should have embarrassed her. Should have. But it didn’t. She needed him. Ached for him.

Craved the port he represented in the middle of her mental storm.

Darius lifted his head, ignoring her sound of protest. And when she would have followed him, demanded he return to her, he pressed a thumb over her lips, denying her what she wanted most. The small, soft kiss he pressed to the corner of her mouth softened the blow of refusal.

“Finish it,” he whispered, and the quiet command was like a lance to a wound. The pain, anger, and grief swelled and rush out in a torrential outpour.

“I hurt him so badly. I hurt him,” she blurted, speaking so fast, the words tumbled over one another. She lifted her hands between them and placed them on his chest. She pushed, needing air, space…but he dropped his arms from her face and wrapped them around her to hold her tight. “I just wanted her to love me, to be nice to me. I couldn’t make Daniel like me. All I had was her, and she blamed me because Daniel wouldn’t give me his last name or pay me the attention he poured on Cindy. The only way I could make her happy was to reject Dad. She seemed to care then, to show me kindness. And I hurt one of the few people who loved me unconditionally.” She wept, fisting the front of his shirt. “I never told him how sorry I was. He died not knowing I didn’t mean those things I’d said. He never knew…”

Harsh sobs racked her body, and she couldn’t halt the tremors that attacked her. One moment she stood in Darius’s arms, and the next her feet had left the ground and she was cradled to a hard chest. Soothing murmurs she couldn’t decipher barely penetrated the emotional tempest that swept her away.

How much time passed, Rowyn couldn’t say. But when the jagged weeping quieted into shallow, rough breaths that scratched her burning throat, she was once again on the bench they’d vacated. A solid shoulder supported her head, and strong arms cuddled her close.

She remained in Darius’s embrace, content. It felt as if a huge boulder that she’d carried for years had been suddenly hoisted from her chest. She felt…free.

And probably looked like a hot mess with swollen eyes, puffy face, and slinging snot. As if hearing her internal list, Darius handed her a white handkerchief. Rowyn murmured a thank-you, then tried to clean up all vestiges of her breakdown.

He didn’t speak, allowing her to gather her composure and thoughts, and she was grateful. God, she hadn’t realized all that guilt, grief, and anger had been caged in her like prisoners of war. Memories of her father and their short time together rose, and for the first time, she didn’t suppress them. Their first stilted lunch at one of the riverside cafés. She›d been so nervous, and so had he. But after an hour the walls had lowered, and they had tentatively reached out to each other, planning another lunch date.

The images passed in a blurred succession. Lunch, dinner, shopping. Her twenty-second birthday. She touched her fingertips to the base of her throat. He›d given her the beautiful necklace with his native Korean engraved on the back. To my princess. Because she would never stop being his princess, he’d told her. He’d died three months later of a freak brain aneurysm.

Another sob, less intense than its predecessors, surged in her chest. Damn, she missed that necklace. Her last link to her father, gone. Unless… Shit, she was an idiot! Why hadn’t she thought of it before?

She jerked her head up and met Darius’s concerned, soft gaze. “Did you find a necklace at your place after I, uh, left?”

He arched his eyebrow, and for once she didn’t experience the urge to rip it off. Now it seemed kind of adorable. “What?” he asked.



Rowyn gripped his shoulder. “Did you find a necklace?”

“A gold chain with a pendant?” Darius nodded. “Yes. You left it on my bedroom dresser.”

Joy swelled and spilled over into a delighted cry. She threw her arms around him and squeezed him tight. With a startled bark of laughter, he clutched her to him. Oh God, she prayed. Thank you, thank you.

Grinning, she leaned back far enough to plant a huge, hard kiss on his smiling mouth.

“I take it you’re happy,” he drawled.

Rowyn mimicked the gesture she’d come to think of as his trademark and lifted her brow. “What gave you that idea?”

He chuckled and swept a caress down her spine. “I don’t know. The wild ecstatic shriek, the half nelson on my neck, the kiss…”

“I don’t shriek,” she informed him, but ruined the dignified denial with another hug. Happiness. It filled her to capacity, invading her lungs, replacing her breath. “The necklace. Can you mail it to me?”

“I can do better than that.” He hitched his hip up and removed a slender cell phone from the front pocket of his pants. With one hand he tapped in a number and pressed the small phone to his ear. “Hey, Valerie,” he greeted. “I need a favor.” Minutes later he ended his call, having instructed his assistant to pick up the jewelry from his house and overnight it that day.

“Thank you,” Rowyn said, voice hoarse. So many words—Thank you for caring. Thank you for holding me while I cried. Thank you for finding that piece of my heart and protecting it—jumbled in her head. And none of them could adequately express what he’d done for her that day. So she bowed her head, pressed her face to the warm crook of his neck, and whispered it again. “Thank you.”

Once more, he tucked her into the haven of his body, his arms a harbor that shouldn’t have felt so safe, that shouldn’t have offered protection.

It would be the height of stupidity to get used to Darius’s arms around her.

She’d never considered herself a foolish woman… Guess it really was a day for firsts.





Chapter Five





“However, this evening she lost track of time and left only at the final stroke of midnight…”—Cinderella

“I feel like Pretty Woman…but without the whole prostitute thing.”—Rowyn Jeong





“Just give me about ten minutes to change clothes. Then we’ll swing by your house so you can change, and then we can head out to dinner.” Darius glanced over his shoulder as he swiped the magnetized key card through the electronic door slot. Reassured by Rowyn’s nod, he pressed the handle down and pushed the hotel room door open.

They moved into the large and elegantly appointed living room. Boston’s skyline at sunset presented a vibrant, gorgeous backdrop through the floor-to-ceiling windows. Darius crossed to one of the tables that flanked the couch and tugged the chain on the lamp to illuminate the shadowed interior. He turned to her, and his breath caught in his throat. Rowyn had that effect on him; she had since the moment he’d laid eyes on her months ago, sitting alone down the length of the nightclub bar.



Thinking back on how they’d met and spent their first—and only—night together, Darius could imagine why Rowyn believed he picked up women and often indulged in one-night stands. He wasn’t a saint—his halo would’ve been repossessed a long time ago—but it had been years since he’d done anything so promiscuous. Rowyn had been the exception to the rule. And their time together would have exceeded more than a few hours if she had remained in his bed…remained with him.

No, he hadn’t fallen in love with her that night, he admitted, studying the straight line of her spine as she crossed the room to stand before the window. But images of her, of those sex-filled hours, lingered in his head, never fading. And when he saw her the evening before in her parents’ home, an inexplicable joy had seized hold of his chest. He felt as if he’d found something precious that had been lost to him.

Lost. It described the heartbroken woman he’d held in his arms a few hours ago. Jesus. The ragged cries had ripped his heart from his chest. Without conscious thought, he rubbed his breastbone and imagined he could massage away the echo of pain that resonated hours later. He would have given anything to shoulder her hurt and grief. Witnessing the proud, strong woman he’d come to know curl against him as if attempting to escape herself had stirred something in him—something that had lain dormant until that moment. Suddenly he yearned to protect, shelter…keep. He couldn’t turn back time and wipe out her pain. But he could make damn sure it didn’t touch her in the present or future.

Being able to offer her the necklace had transformed him into Hercules. He’d wanted to beg Rowyn to give him something else he could do for her. Just to see happiness light up her dark eyes again.

Damn, she was lovely, he thought, staring at her striking profile. All sleek lines and gorgeous curves. The modest hem of her dress bared long, toned legs. He’d had the pleasure of those slender brown limbs locked around his waist, over his shoulders. He wanted that again. Needed it again. His cock hardened in complete agreement.

Lust tempered by a softer but no less intense emotion hummed through his body like an electrical current. Plans for dinner relegated to later, he approached her. In a replay of the night before, he paused behind her, close enough for the dark strands of her ponytail to tickle his chin. And he drew closer still, until her lower back cradled his straining dick and his chest pressed to her shoulder blades. Unlike last night, he didn’t allow a polite distance between them. Nothing but her dress and his pants separated his cock from riding the shallow dip below her spine. It still wasn’t enough, he realized, rubbing his cheek against the heavy silk of her hair. It wouldn’t be until her pussy surrounded his cock with its blistering heat.

“Are you smelling my hair again?”

He smiled at the softly spoken question, acknowledging the attempt at humor but detecting the quiver beneath. Trepidation or arousal? He clasped her waist, his thumbs meeting on the ridges of her spine. Yet he didn’t linger. His breathing deepened as desire punched a hole in his stomach, and he slid his hands up the sides of her slender torso, not stopping until he cupped the undersides of her generous breasts. Generous, beautiful breasts, he amended as he gave the mounds a light squeeze.

Rowyn stiffened, gasped, and released the sweetest whimper he’d ever heard. It echoed the need that stiffened his cock, gripped his balls, and twisted his gut.

“God, that’s sweet,” he murmured and flicked his thumbs across the hard nipples that poked against the thin fabric of her dress. His reward came in the form of another needy moan. She dropped her head back and rested it on his shoulder. Quick bursts of air parted her lips, and the thick black fan of lowered lashes hid her eyes. He pressed a kiss to her temple and, without words, declared how beautiful he found her. With his hands he worshipped her, molding her flesh, circling and then pinching the hard tips cresting her breasts.

The pained cries in no way resembled the sobs from that afternoon. Rowyn arched and twisted under his touch, then encircled his wrists like cuffs with her fingers. But not to restrain him. To hold on.

He nipped the curve of her ear. “Do you know how good you feel to me?” he rasped. “I could come just from squeezing these lovely breasts. Or your nipples.” Darius released a rough, broken chuckle that sounded tormented to his ears. “I’ve dreamed about sucking your nipples, sweetheart. How they feel on my tongue. Sometimes I’ve woken up savoring the imprint of them,” he growled and rolled the stiff peaks, tugged them until she shuddered against him. The restless shifting of her thighs, the sensual roll of her hips—they all telegraphed her heightened lust. So fucking responsive. He gritted his teeth as her ass stroked over his dick.

“Fuck this,” he snapped and abandoned her breasts. Ignoring her whispered protest, he shifted backward and attacked his belt. In seconds he had the slim leather freed of its buckle, the pants’ closure open, and zipper lowered. With one hand he reached inside his boxers and fisted his aching cock, while with the other he shoved his pants and underwear beneath his balls.

“Lift your skirt.” The guttural command reflected the hunger that flayed him. He wanted to give her tenderness—should have been controlled enough to—but it eluded him at the promise of being balls-deep inside her pussy after six long months of dreaming about it.

Rowyn obeyed; she clutched the skirt of her dress and bunched the material until the hem brushed the bottom curve of her ass. Then, like a seductive striptease, she revealed the perfect globes bared by a pink lace thong. Son. Of. A. Bitch.

A bead of precum appeared on his cockhead.

“Now the panties, sweetheart,” he encouraged, rocking his hips forward and thrusting his dick through his fist, a poor substitute for the wet, swollen flesh Rowyn slowly bared as she inched the lace underwear over her ass. “Don’t let the dress go,” he ordered when the skirt started to drift down. “Hold it up and bend over. I want to see your pussy.”

Rowyn hesitated. He noticed the minute clenching of her fists around the dress hem, as if she was unsure or embarrassed. Didn’t she realize how hard she made him—how hot she made him burn? Shame on him if she doubted his desire or need for her.

“Do it, sweetheart.” He rubbed his palm up the outside of her smooth thigh. The muscle tensed, then relaxed. He continued the sensual exploration to her bare hip. “I’ve dreamed about your pretty pussy for months. I need to see, baby.”

She gathered the skirt in front of her and bent over at the waist. Immediately he centered his gaze on the pink, swollen folds that glistened with her cream. He tightened his grip on his cock as Rowyn smoothed her thong down her slim thighs and exposed more of her lovely sex.



He couldn’t help himself. Darius reached out and traced her slit with his forefinger. His balls drew up at the first touch of her flesh in so long. He groaned. Warm. Soft. Heavy juices coated his fingertip, and he stroked forward, covering the whole length of his finger in her wetness.

Rowyn flinched, a low, needy sound escaping her. She’d frozen, clutching her ankles, where her lacy panties pooled. Except for that small, initial jerk, she remained steady for his caress, her breath harsh pants in the otherwise silent room.

He strummed her clit once, twice. She repeated that sound—the one that twisted his gut—but stayed motionless for his touch. As a reward, he gave the engorged nub a firmer touch. Her thighs quivered. He drew back, dragging moisture with him. And when he came to the tiny entrance to her pussy, he paused. Her breathing stilled. Darius tore his rapt attention away from her ass and the puffy lips, and skimmed down.

The long tail of her hair fell over her shoulder, and the tip brushed the floor. Her face was hidden from him as she pressed her forehead to her knees, but the slight arch of her back, the suspension of breath broadcasted her anticipation, her eagerness to be penetrated, filled.

He circled the opening, and it clenched against his fingertip. God, it was so small. His dick jerked under his palm as he thought of pressing into that hole, stretching it, being surrounded by it.

“Darius.” Rowyn’s muffled plea urged him to give her a deeper caress. But he resisted. “No,” she protested as he abandoned her flesh, lifted his juice-covered finger to his mouth, and slid it over his tongue.

Ignoring her whimper, he sucked her delicious cream clean and couldn’t contain the hungry growl as her essence detonated on his tongue and filled his mouth with her flavor. He wanted to dive back into her pussy for more. With regret, he pulled his finger free of his mouth.

“You taste so good,” he murmured and lowered his hands to her waist. “Stand up, sweetheart.” Rowyn straightened and stepped free of her underwear. The desire to finally see her naked again roared up in him, and he submitted to the craving. He slid his thumbs under the dress’s straps and stroked them over her shoulders and down her arms. The thin material caught at her hips for a moment before joining the lace at her ankles.

Leaning forward, he encircled her wrists and guided her arms above her head, flattening her palms to the window.

She was…breathtaking. With the setting sun illuminating her tall, elegant, curvaceous body, she resembled a pagan goddess ready—demanding—to be worshipped. He succumbed.

Darius pressed his lips to her nape. He followed the elegant length of her back to the dip at the base and then retraced the damp line, not pausing until he reached her neck once more.

“So lovely.” With a reverent sigh, he cupped her breasts again, the nipples captured between his fingers. As he pinched the hard tips, he nestled his cock between her ass cheeks. Rowyn moaned and ground her hips back against his groin, at the same time pushing her breasts into his hands. Bending his knees, he slowly straightened, his shaft separating the shadowed cleft between her ass cheeks. The paler flesh of his dick parting the mocha skin of the rounded, firm globes struck him as beautiful. The perfect blending of rich color.

He held her tightly to him, his grip on her soft flesh like an anchor as he pulled back, slid his shaft between her drenched pussy lips, and coated his cock in her cream. Rowyn widened her stance as if in invitation to repeat the caress, but he again rode the dark slit of her ass. With a tortured groan, he released her breasts, palmed her cheeks, and pressed them close together to form a tight channel for his aching dick.

“Fuck,” he whispered and watched his cockhead appear and disappear. Blood thundered in his head, then rushed straight to his erection, filling it, hardening it more. His breath burst from his lips in harsh pants as electricity tingled at the small of his back and zinged to his balls. The feeling of her flesh surrounding his cock along with the visual stimulation dragged him to the edge of orgasm before casting him over with a hoarse roar.

His heart stopped, his hips jerked, and his thigh muscles quivered with the force of release. Rowyn bucked beneath him, rocking her ass over his dick and wringing every drop of cum he had left.

“Sweetheart.” The endearment was all he could manage after the ecstasy he’d experienced. He leaned forward and rested his forehead on her shoulder. Aftershocks raced through his body, shivered over his skin. And still his hips worked at her ass in a lazy rhythm.

Several moments passed. Quiet claimed the room, and with a sigh, he straightened and shifted away. He focused his gaze on her back and the milky evidence of his lust that he’d shot all over her skin. He murmured an apology, yanked his shirt over his head, and wiped away his semen. After hitching his pants and underwear up to his hips, he knelt and gathered her clothes from the floor and folded them over an arm. Then he rose to his feet, clasped one of her hands, lowered it from the window, and turned her away from the glass to face him.

“Thank you,” he said before taking her lips. He dipped his tongue into her mouth and tasted her sweetness. Rowyn arched up to meet his kiss and deepen it with a hunger that stirred the fire his release hadn’t extinguished. She slanted her head and sucked on his tongue. And damn if he didn’t feel the suckling motion on his balls. “Come with me,” he growled into her mouth.

Darius guided her across the room, and as they passed the couch, he tossed their discarded clothing on the armrest before continuing toward the bedroom.

They crossed the threshold, and he closed the door behind them. In seconds he dropped his pants and underwear to the floor and stood as naked as she. Her soft gasp seemed to resonate in the silent room like a shout across an empty stadium. She raised her eyes to meet his, and he almost grabbed her to him. Need. Desire. Both darkened her gaze. Then she lowered her lashes and hid what his mind wanted to believe had also been tenderness.



Rowyn circled a fingertip around his nipple, then raked a nail over the puckered tip. He sucked in a lungful of air, and his gut clenched. The dusky peaks may have been smaller than her nipples, but they were no less sensitive. He wanted her mouth on him.

As if hearing his wish, she dipped her head to his chest and lapped at his flesh. He hissed in pleasure and clasped her head to him. She coiled her tongue around the hard bump, flicking and sucking.

“Here,” he ordered and didn’t wait way for her to obey, but steered her head to the neglected tip. As she closed her teeth around it, he couldn’t contain his rumble of pleasure. The woman’s mouth should have been labeled a lethal weapon—lethal to his control, lethal to his sanity. Lethal to his soul.

He tugged her head up and crushed a kiss to her mouth. At the same time, he walked her backward until she bumped the edge of the mattress. As soon as she fell on the bed, he covered her—his mouth continued to maraud hers, his chest pressing her breasts, his thighs bracketing her legs, his cock grinding into the soft give of her stomach.

Rowyn tipped her chin up, disconnecting their mouths. She dragged in much-needed air. “Darius,” she pleaded, clutching his firm ass, biting into the taut flesh with her fingernails, and silently begging for the deeper, harder stroke of his cock in her pussy. She felt so empty; she needed to be penetrated, opened, stretched—filled. Her hips writhed underneath his, and she tried to shift upward and maneuver his rigid length over her sex.

“No,” he objected, nipping her jaw. “Not yet. I want to eat your sweet pussy before I fuck it.” The blunt, sexual words almost hurtled her into orgasm. Her pussy spasmed; her womb clenched. “Tell me you want it, sweetheart. Tell me you want my tongue deep inside you.”

“Yes.” She moaned the reply, and as Darius slid down her body, planting kisses between her breasts and on her stomach, she scratched his back and shoulders. “Please, Dar—”

The first swipe of his tongue through her slit tore a piercing scream from her throat. Her back arched off the mattress, and he grasped her hips to hold her still for his mouth. His hungry rumble vibrated in her sex.

“God, it’s good.” He stabbed at her clit with his tongue, then curled it around the sensitive nub. She jolted beneath him, and he tightened his grip. Ruthlessly he lashed and suckled, driving her to the very brink before drawing her back, only to start all over again. Yet when he tilted her hips at a higher angle and slanted his head to thrust his tongue into the entrance to her pussy, she came undone.

Pleasure consumed her, coursed through her like a living thing. It seemed as if she became a being without thought, one who existed solely on feeling and emotion. She writhed and bucked, hoarse cries falling from her lips and punctuating the wet sounds of his suction on her pussy. Against her protests, he withdrew from her sheath. After murmuring a low reassurance, he latched on to her clit once more and buried two fingers in her pussy. Rowyn released a strangled cry and rocked her hips in time to the hard thrusts.

“Darius,” she begged, clawing at the bedsheets. “Please let me come. I need to…” The tempo increased—he flicked faster and finger-fucked her harder. The orgasm swirled low in her back, her pelvis. Like a runaway train picking up speed, it rocketed closer and closer until…

She screamed. Her body stiffened, jerked. Release rolled through her, over her. Darius nursed it, lapping at her clit, stimulating her sex with slow, shallow stabs of his fingers, bringing her down but also building the pleasure up again.

“I need to be inside you,” he growled and jackknifed off the bed. In seconds he’d grabbed his pants off the floor, then removed his wallet and the condom tucked in the fold. With movements that betrayed his urgency, he sheathed his cock with the latex and climbed back onto the mattress. He knelt between her spread legs and rubbed his hands up her calves to her inner thighs. He brushed the crease where her legs and torso met with his fingertips. “Wider, sweetheart. Open up for me.”

Heart pounding, she stared up at him and submitted to his command. Anticipation—and just a bit of feminine apprehension—fluttered in her stomach. But the hunger to have his cock spread her with its special burn, taking her to that delicious edge that rode pain and pleasure, overrode everything else. She needed it—longed for it.

“Please,” she whispered and held her arms outstretched to him, inviting him into her embrace. Her personal space. She wanted to breathe him in, the scent of sand and sex that clung to his skin. Darius accepted the invite, sliding over her and melding his mouth to hers in a kiss that spoke of lust and passion. Yet the tender glide of his lips—once, twice before his tongue plunged deep—hinted at a gentleness that exceeded need.

He pressed his chest to her breasts, and she couldn’t help but subtly twist her torso to rub her hard, aching nipples over his muscles. She gasped as the spear of pleasure shot directly from the stiff tips to her pulsing clit. With a tilt of her pelvis, she stroked her drenched folds over his cock. The pressure dragged a long moan from her.

Darius continued to make love to her mouth as he planted his hands on either side of her head and levered his torso off hers. A moment later, Rowyn felt the first probing of his cockhead against her pussy. Finally. She tore her mouth away from his and turned her head to the side, eyes squeezed shut.

“Uh-uh.” The low, sexy tone licked over her skin seconds before his tongue blazed a path up her neck to nip her earlobe. “Don’t turn away. It’s you and me.”

“I’m not turning away.” She contradicted his assumption. Rowyn returned her gaze to his and drank in the gleaming blue eyes, kiss-swollen lips, flushed cheekbones, and hard jaw. “I just want to remember every moment. For later.”

He stared down at her, silent for several long seconds. Then he lowered his lashes, bent his head, brushed a soft caress over her brow—and thrust forward.



She gasped. Her neck arched, and she clutched his arms in a hang-on-for-dear-life grip. So full. God, so good.

“I want in, Rowyn,” he demanded softly in her ear. “Six months, sweetheart. I want in now.” He nipped the curve of her ear and laid a kiss just below her lobe, steadily surging forward and withdrawing. With each thrust and retreat, he claimed more of her pussy. The heavy weight of his cock and the power of each stroke stretched her, and she felt her sex quiver around his hard stalk. He gave her less time to become accustomed to the invasion, but Rowyn found she didn’t need it. No, she’d longed for that steady pleasure-pain burn and welcomed it now.

“That’s it.” The praise delivered in the tender but rough voice thrilled her, arrowing a shaft of pleasure from her heart to the hot, wet place he fucked with determination. “Damn, you’re tight. And so wet. A little more, sweetheart. Just a little…”

He gave a powerful flex of his hips and groaned. His body stiffened over her. The mask of passion that claimed his face—lips drawn into a tight line, teeth clenched so hard, a tiny muscle jumped along the strong line of his jaw—captured her fascination. Nostrils flared, and dark lashes lowered in a hooded, sensual stare that had her pussy clenching around his fully embedded cock. A long, low hiss escaped his lips, and blue fire leaped in his eyes.

She lifted her legs and locked her ankles just above his tight ass. A raw, hungry sound rumbled in his chest, and as he shifted, his heavy sac grazed the stretched folds of her sex. It was just another sensation to add to the sensory overload she found herself tossed into. She stared into the face of desire, her pussy filled to capacity with it. She took in a deep breath and inhaled the scent of sex from his skin—and still she craved more.

“Are you okay?” he asked. She registered the question, but how the hell did he expect her to answer when he did that circle thing with his hips, setting her clit on a one-way ticket to orgasm? She couldn’t reply, so instead she squeezed the muscles in her sex, clamping down on his cock. When he grunted above her, Rowyn figured he received his answer.

“Fuck,” he muttered and proceeded to do just that—fuck her. He rode her hard, offering no mercy. Not that she would have requested any. With every long, plunging stroke of his cock he shoved her closer to the precipice of release. She cried out, sobbing her pleasure that penetrated not only her flesh, but her heart, her soul.

The mattress bounced beneath them; the headboard banged out the wild rhythm he set with his driving hips. And she held on to him through it all, trusting where he would take her. And as the orgasm swelled, it seemed almost frightening in its intensity, in its power. Yet she threw herself headfirst into the blaze, knowing—believing—he would be there to catch her.





Chapter Six





“The prince chased her, but outside the palace, the guards had seen only a simple country wench leave. The prince pocketed the slipper and vowed to find and marry the girl to whom it belonged.”—Cinderella

“Not this shit again.”—Darius Fiore





The aroma of freshly brewing coffee tickled his nose, and Darius inhaled.

Damn. Smelling it was like foreplay to the main event—that first delicious cup.

He reached over his head, opened the cupboard door, and removed two of the mugs the hotel provided. As he waited for the pot to finish, he glanced toward the closed bedroom door. He regretted not leaving it open so he could look in on the sleeping figure of the woman who’d shared his bed and her body last night. Unlike the previous time they’d been together, he’d woken up next to her this morning. A grin curved his lips. Who would’ve guessed Rowyn Jeong was a cuddler?

The last of the coffee trickled into the pot, and after filling both ceramic cups with the dark brew, he added cream and sugar to one and left the other black. On bare feet, he turned and exited the small kitchenette, mugs in hand. He’d barely made it across the living area when a knock sounded on the hotel room door. Frowning, he shot a glance at the digital clock on the kitchenette counter. 7:56 a.m. Who could that be?

Darius set the steaming cups on the small table beside the couch and headed toward the door. With a twist of his wrist he had the lock unbolted and the door opened. Surprise sang through him.

Cindy Harrison.

Rowyn’s younger sister smiled up at him, lovely and fresh in a yellow summer dress that complemented her caramel skin. Her dark hair curled around her shoulders and framed a face that most likely mesmerized every man she met.



Except him.

She didn’t have hair that fell down her back in a waterfall of dark silk. Her eyes, while a very pretty hazel, didn’t possess the striking tilt of the outer corners. Nor were they the beautiful, mysterious brown that could gleam with passion or blaze with anger. Cindy’s petite slenderness couldn’t compare to the statuesque, curvy body that seemed built for fucking…for loving.

No. Cindy, with her traditional loveliness, didn’t hold a torch—fuck, a candle—to her older sister.

“Can I come in?” she asked, flashing the dimples in her cheeks.

“Of course.” Darius shifted back and allowed enough room for her to enter the hotel suite. Her gaze dropped and flicked over his bare chest and the black pants he’d dragged on but had left unbuttoned. Hell, he’d intended to wear them only long enough to make coffee. Spending the morning making love to Rowyn didn’t require clothes.

“I woke you,” she apologized, stepping past him. “I wanted to catch you before you started your day.”

“No, it’s fine,” Darius said. As long as we get this over with quickly. “What can I do for you?”

Cindy wheeled around on her dainty heels, her smile widening. “I’d like to invite you to breakfast and then show you our beautiful city.”

The irony that her ploy mirrored the one he’d sprung on Rowyn the day before amused him. At least he’d brought coffee, while Cindy had shown up empty-handed.

“That’s very considerate of you, but actually, I toured Boston yesterday.” He slid his hands into the front pockets of his pants. “And you’re right. Your city is beautiful.”

“Oh.” She pouted, and he had a hard time determining if her disappointment was genuine. “Well, the offer for breakfast is still open. I would love to treat you to a hot meal and spend time getting to know you before you leave.” She moved closer to him, lowering her lids as she raised a hand and laid her fingers on his chest. “We won’t have an opportunity to be alone at Daddy’s party tonight.” She lifted her lashes and traced a small pattern over his skin. “I really would like that…quality time with you.”

Well…shit. Wasn’t this just…awkward.

“Cindy,” he said and moved backward. Her arm fell to her side, and a faintly puzzled frown creased her brow, as if she couldn’t comprehend his lack of response to her touch. “I appreciate the offer. I do. But I have to decline. Thank you, though.”

“I don’t understand—” Then she narrowed her gaze on the table beside him. The table where he’d place the two coffee mugs before answering the door. A moment of silence passed as her scrutiny skipped over the couch and—dammit—landed on the discarded clothes that draped across the sofa arm.

Fuck.

Her hazel eyes returned to him. He braced himself for indignation and was taken aback by the delight that twinkled in her eyes. She smiled, and an inexplicable sense of foreboding quivered in his stomach.

“It seems I do understand after all,” she murmured. “Rain check on the breakfast? Maybe the next time you’re in town?”

Darius nodded, still confused by her reaction, but the man in him, who cringed at the thought of female hysterics, was grateful. “Count on it.”

“I’ll see you tonight, then.” She turned and, with a wiggle of her fingers, waved good-bye and left the suite.

Darius remained rooted next to the couch. Bemused, he stared at the spot where Cindy had stood. And he’d considered Rowyn an enigma. Apparently her stepsister shared that trait. With a shrug he picked up the still-warm cups and headed toward the bedroom. And the woman sleeping there. And thoughts of waking her up with coffee. Followed by hours of sex, sweat, and tangled sheets.



With the skill a juggler would have envied, he balanced the two mugs in one hand and twisted the doorknob with the other. The second shock of the day resonated through him. A feeling that smacked of panic nipped at its heels. He imagined how he appeared, standing in the doorway, holding coffee and staring at Rowyn as she roamed about the room in the robe the hotel provided. Preparing to run. Again.

Hurt and anger grappled for dominance until he couldn’t distinguish one from the other. They melded into a fiery mass that lodged itself under his breastbone.

After what they’d shared yesterday and last night, she would still run from him. Still jump from their bed and leave him as if he were still that one-night stand, when she had become so much more to him.

“Going somewhere?” he asked, brow arched as he set the cups on the long dresser nearest the door. His mild tone didn’t betray the emotion that blistered his chest.

“That was Cindy,” she said and crossed her arms over her chest in a gesture that seemed less defiant and more protective. “I have to get out of here.”

“Your sister is gone.” He dropped his hands to the pants zipper and, in a deliberate motion, lowered it. The only sound that penetrated the stillness in the room was the rasp of the metal teeth separating. Rowyn’s gaze followed the motion and widened as she realized his intentions.

“What are you doing?” she asked sharply.

Darius didn’t answer, letting his actions speak for themselves as he lowered the pants down his hips and thighs. He stepped free of the material and stood before her bare-ass naked. Her stare jerked from his hardening dick back to his face. The expression of dismay and arousal would have been amusing if he wasn’t so damn pissed.

On silent feet he stalked across the small space between them. He assumed her surprise allowed him to tug the terry cloth belt free, but her paralysis lasted a moment. Rowyn clutched the robe’s lapels to her throat with both hands.

“Darius,” she protested as he gripped the material under her fists and pried the robe loose. “We can’t—” The words died on her lips as the cloth slipped down her arms and pooled to the floor behind her.

“Yes?” He stepped forward. And groaned. The feel of her breasts with their hard dark nipples pressing to his chest chased away hurt and anger. A gnawing hunger remained, a hunger that he’d believed had been satisfied countless times the night before. He was beginning to think it could never be sated. A respite maybe, but never fully gratified.

He ground his cock against the softness of her stomach. On a low growl, he cupped her ass and held her still as he circled his hips, stroking his dick against her, needing that sweet pleasure of skin-to-skin contact. With a soft, ravenous sound, Rowyn surrendered. She lifted her arms and wound them around his neck. Their mouths met halfway. Tongues dueled, entwined, and sucked. He changed the angle of his head and dived deeper, demanding all she had to give him. Her taste. Her moans. Her submission…her heart.

In moments, Darius lowered Rowyn to the bed. She spread her thighs wide, and he settled into the natural vee and welcoming heat of her pussy. The swollen lips gloved his cock, and he couldn’t resist sliding his shaft through the wet slit. He grunted with pleasure. She whimpered as his cockhead bumped over her engorged clit. The pretty pink button he’d sucked and teased countless times hours before peeked from between the folds as if begging for attention. Shifting up, he ground the base of his cock against it, and satisfaction surged through him at Rowyn’s hoarse cry. With a low curse, he rolled off her and reached for one of the condoms he’d tossed on the bedside dresser at some point during the night. In seconds, he tore the small foil packet open, rolled the lubricated latex over his erection, and returned to the woman on the bed who represented pleasure and paradise. The breath hissed from between his lips as he reclaimed his position between her thighs.

“Listen to me,” he demanded and cupped her face, holding her head captive between his palms. Her lashes fluttered then lifted, and he stared down into her glazed eyes. “Here is where you belong.” He emphasized “here” with a small movement of his hips, and then he was penetrating her pussy with one hard thrust that sheathed half his erection. “And here is where I belong.” Again he punctuated the word with another stroke that buried him balls-deep inside her sex. Her shocked gasp heated his lips, as for the first time, she took his cock in two short thrusts.

“There you go,” he whispered and dipped deep in her mouth for a short kiss. “Fuck, I can feel your pussy shivering around my dick, baby.” He groaned and pressed his forehead to hers. “This is where we belong.” He rolled his hips and stroked his pelvis over her clit. When she lifted her legs and circled his waist with them, her feet settling in the small of his back for a long ride, he withdrew, emitting a groan at the exquisite pleasure of her flesh dragging over his sensitive shaft. “Don’t try to leave again, Rowyn,” he murmured, voice hoarse with lust and a fierce need that had nothing to do with his cock and everything to do with his heart. “I won’t let you go again.”

And with that promise thrown between them, he proceeded to make love to her, branding her as she’d already done to him.





***





“Thank you.” Rowyn nodded as she accepted the glass of champagne from the server. God, she hated these tedious parties. She lifted the drink to her lips and sipped, not in the mood for the alcohol or the social event. She would have preferred to remain locked up in Darius’s hotel room with him. Or over him. Under him.

A small smile curved her lips. She hid it behind the rim of her glass, but nothing could suppress the warmth that unfurled in her belly. The last two days had been…magical. From walking among the shops of Boston hand in hand to the hours of hot sex—no. Not sex. Making love.

For her, she’d made love last night and this morning. In one afternoon, Darius knew her like no other person. His compassion and kindness had rubbed balm over the wounds in her soul, and his touch had conveyed how special he found her. Rowyn had felt beautiful. Even…loved.



She slammed the mental brakes and skidded all over the road called “Happily Ever After.” One night—okay, two and a half days—didn’t make their ending a fairy tale. Let’s face it, she cautioned herself, I’ve known so little love, it would be a simple leap to confuse affection and great sex with something deeper. Don’t be a fool. Her smile dimmed. Pamela, her mother, couldn’t give her love. What made her think Darius would?

“You look like you have the weight of the world on your shoulders,” Wanda said in lieu of greeting as she pressed her cheek to Rowyn’s. “Someone with champagne in her hand should not appear that serious.”

Rowyn snorted. “I’m just answering the royal decree to attend this event. I have exactly”—she shot a discreet glance at her wrist—”one hour and forty-three minutes before I can leave.”

“Come on, Ro,” her friend drawled. “One would think you weren’t excited to be here.” They stared at each other for a long second before snickering into their champagne glasses.

“When did you get here?” Rowyn asked.

“About fifteen minutes ago.” Wanda fell silent and, her brown-eyed gaze inscrutable, studied Rowyn. “I heard about the potential merger. And the women’s fashion division being the guinea pig.”

Rowyn shrugged and forced a nonchalance she didn’t feel. That particular knife had yet to be yanked from her heart. “It’s Daniel’s company to run as he sees best.” The company line. And so much bullshit.

“That’s bullshit,” Wanda snapped, echoing her thought. Her friend edged closer and lowered her voice, but the fury rang as clear as a bell. “He is your stepfather. There were other departments to consider and choose from. Departments almost as profitable too. I bet he didn’t even tell you what he’d planned.” At Rowyn’s silence, Wanda’s full lips thinned into an angry slash. “What an inconsiderate, conniving asshole.”

“Inconsiderate, yes. But not conniving,” Rowyn contradicted and earned a glare for the effort.

“You’re defending him?” The other woman’s voice dropped to an ominous level, and Rowyn smiled. To be championed was a rare occurrence, and her friend’s rage on Rowyn’s behalf felt…well…good.

“No.” She shook her head. “I’m not defending him. But to call him conniving suggests he actually contemplated how I would feel and made a decision to be sneaky. Daniel didn’t even consider me in his decision. I was a nonfactor.”

“That’s worse.” Wanda inhaled, held it, and released the breath in a slow, deliberate exhalation. “No,” she growled, “what’s worse is your bitchy sister making the rounds, spreading rumors that you slept with the businessman your father is courting for the merger. According to her vicious gossip, you’re trying to land this deal on your back.”

“What?” The word exploded from Rowyn’s lips on a hard gust of breath. Fingers of ice clawed at her, freezing the blood in her veins. “Darius?”

“Darius?” Wanda repeated. Confusion wrinkled her brow seconds before surprise swept it away. “Do you mean the Darius you met in Seattle last year?”

Rowyn nodded, uttered a faint “yes,” and skimmed the room, the ice in her belly and chest reaching for her throat. For the first time, she noticed the sly glances or careful avoidance of eye contact.

No. Why would Cindy…? Rowyn closed her eyes. And heard her stepsister’s voice as if the younger woman stood next to her, whispering in her ear.

“It seems I do understand after all…”

Oh God. Cindy—sweet, butter-won’t-melt-in-her-mouth Cindy—had fucked her.

“Rowyn.”

As her heart executed a swan dive toward her feet, she turned around to face her mother’s pinched, thin-lipped face.



“In the study,” she snapped, her black eyes glinted with fury. “Now.”





***





By the time Rowyn closed the study door, she couldn’t shake off the feeling that she’d just survived a gauntlet of stares and whispers. And each pointed look and hushed comment slapped and punched at her, leaving invisible but very real bruises to her pride.

And it isn’t over yet. She drew back her shoulders, fixed her I-don’t-give-a-fuck mask firmly in place, and faced the family that stood across the room as one unit—against her.

“Rowyn,” Pamela began, “I have never been more ashamed of you than I am at this moment.” Contempt dripped from her voice, and it wounded Rowyn more than she cared to admit. Not the words or even the scorn—those she was used to. Her mother’s quick acceptance of Rowyn’s alleged crime, though… It most likely never occurred to Pamela to give her daughter the benefit of the doubt. Or even defend her character.

“Convicted without a trial, I see,” she murmured.

Pamela slashed a hand through the air, cutting through Rowyn’s protest. “Do you deny that you slept with Darius Fiore?” she asked, eyes narrowed. “And before you lie, consider that we would not confront you if we didn’t have a reliable source about your actions.”

Inside, Rowyn snorted. Like hell. The validity of the source or the information didn’t matter one damn to them. It was the embarrassment of being whispered about that had tried, convicted, and hanged Rowyn. And the source—she studied Cindy—wasn’t that reliable.

Her stepsister wore the appropriate concerned-and-disappointed expression. Yet beneath the slightly troubled frown, her eyes gleamed with a satisfaction and malice that Rowyn had always known existed beneath her sweet exterior. From the time Rowyn had entered Daniel and Cindy’s home, the younger girl had perfected her innocent persona while all along playing her cruel games.

Daniel, so besotted with the child by his beloved first wife, didn’t perceive how Cindy monopolized his affection, gently demanding his attention so he wouldn’t give too much to his new wife. He didn’t catch on to her seemingly guileless comparisons of her mother and Pamela, until finally he found himself married to an embittered woman who hadn’t been able to compete against her first husband’s family and now couldn’t win the love of her current husband from his dead wife.

Cindy delighted in drama, unhappiness, and confusion—especially if she was the maestro behind the discord.

Her stepsister met her stare, and a tiny smile lifted a corner of the younger woman’s mouth.

“Well?” Pamela demanded. “Do you deny it?”

“No,” Rowyn answered, voice steady. “I don’t.”

“You slut,” her mother spit. Rage contorted her features, and for the first time, Rowyn recognized the hatred that ate at the older woman like a cancer. Hatred for the daughter who was a constant reminder of her failure as a woman and a wife. Hatred for the life that should have been happy but instead had become a miserable prison that she abused alcohol to escape. Hatred for herself.

“I’m sorry, Daddy,” Cindy said, regret heavy in the soft tone. “I didn’t want to hurt you, but I thought you should know. I wish I hadn’t recognized Rowyn’s purse and keys. I wish…” Misery etched her features, as if being the bearer of bad news tortured her.

Rowyn’s palms itched to strangle the deceitful bitch.

“I wish you had come to me with your suspicions, Cindy,” Rowyn said. “Then I could have explained that my being with Darius had nothing to do with your father’s company or the merger. He and I met months ago.”

“Liar,” her mother accused. “If that’s true, why didn’t you say something Thursday night?”

“Because it was, and is, our business,” she countered coldly.



“You are just like your father,” Pamela ranted. “Selfish. A liar. I should have left you with him, you ungrateful—”

“Be. Quiet.”

Pamela gasped, shocked by Rowyn’s boldness. That made the two of them. As often as she’d desired to, Rowyn had never interrupted or outright contradicted her mother. No matter how nasty she jabbed at her. But suddenly a lifetime of grief, resentment, and hurt welled up inside and swept away caution like debris dragged away by the waters of a flood.

No more. She refused to be her mother’s punching bag any longer. Yes. She was like her father. Loyal. Fair. Loving. And she deserved to be loved. Rowyn had given this family everything. And every one of them had either rejected her affection and hard work or had taken it selfishly, as if she should be thankful they deigned to accept it.

No longer would she cast her heart before them. Rowyn had worth, value. And if they were too blind to see it, then…

Then fuck them.

Daniel cleared his throat, and the sound seemed to reverberate in the tomblike quiet.

“Even if what you say is true, Rowyn”—and his tone suggested he didn’t believe it any more than her mother did—”I’m afraid the damage has been done. Under the circumstances, I’m going to have to insist that you step down from your position while the merger is in process. We cannot afford the hint of scandal. I hope you understand.”

Yes, she did. All too well.

“Oh, I do,” Rowyn said. “I understand that I have lived as your stepdaughter for twenty years. Worked at your company, headed the most productive department, and led the company in profit for the past three years. And I didn’t do it for the title or the money. I did it for you.” She gave a short bark of laughter at Daniel’s confused frown. Because he had never offered her his affection, he didn’t comprehend how she had willingly tried to give him hers. “I not only step down, Daniel, I quit. And not because I have anything to be ashamed of, because I don’t.”

Rowyn inhaled and met each pair of eyes that stared at her in varying degrees of astonishment and anger.

“I refuse to be a part of a company that will accept rumor over fact without even giving a dependable, exemplary employee the courtesy of defending herself. And I refuse to be a part of a family who takes for granted and despises the daughter and sister I’ve tried to be. In other words”—she hitched her chin up and, in spite of her pounding heart, declared—”I’m through with all of you.”

“Don’t be ridiculous,” Pamela scoffed.

“I don’t think she’s being ridiculous at all,” a soft voice commented from behind Rowyn.

Startled, she whirled around. Darius stood just inside the open door. He looked formidable in a black jacket, shirt, and pants, with his brown curls brushed away from his striking face—his presence seemed to shrink the large study to the size of a closet.

He flicked his gaze to her face. And that’s when she noticed the fury that burned behind his impassive demeanor. There was nothing calm about the emotion that seethed in his blue eyes.

“Are you okay?” he murmured.

For a moment, an intense swell of I-am-so-falling-in-love-with-you struck her speechless. An avenging dark angel.

He arched that damn—wonderful—eyebrow.

The smile that curved her lips originated in her heart, the eddy of warmth spreading to every part of her body. She was better than okay. So much better.



She nodded, and, appearing satisfied, Darius returned his attention to her mother, Daniel, and Cindy. Rowyn faced her family again. This time she didn’t feel as if she stood before the firing squad—not with Darius at her back.

“Darius.” Daniel’s joviality couldn’t conceal the strain that tightened his smile or the nervous leap of his Adam’s apple as he swallowed convulsively. “We apologize for this.” He loosed a false hearty laugh. “Just a little family issue, but I assure you it does not affect our professional relationship at all.”

“But it does,” Darius stated, and Rowyn wondered if she imagined her stepfather flinch under the lash of the hard voice. “A businessman who cannot recognize the contribution of his employee or the caliber of her performance she brings to his company is shortsighted at best and grossly incompetent at worst. And I refuse to do business with him.” The lapel of his jacket brushed her skin, bared by the backless dress as he shifted closer. “But she is more than your employee or the head of a department. Rowyn is your daughter. And that alone requires your loyalty. If you have none for your daughter, why should I believe you would have any for me?”

He didn’t give Daniel an opportunity to reply. Heat from his touch penetrated her dress to the flesh beneath as he settled his hands on her hips.

“I pity you. All of you.” As he pressed against her, the timbre of his voice vibrated from his chest through her back. Rowyn leaned into him, trusting him to support her physically as he did emotionally. “For years you had a daughter and sister ready and willing to love you, and each of you rejected her time and again.”

“You have been in our home a handful of hours and have the audacity to judge us? You know nothing,” Pamela sneered. Rage mottled her features, and Rowyn realized she could count on one hand the number of times she’d witnessed a true smile on her mother’s face. Not the bogus social caricature, but a genuine smile full of joy and laughter.

God. She inhaled, breathed deep past the fist that seemed to squeeze her heart. What pain Pamela must have endured every day to exude such anger and misery. She drank to escape the ache of living as the “other woman” to a dead wife. The tragedy was Pamela had had Rowyn to love and accept her all along.

“It’s sad, isn’t it?” Darius asked softly. “In the short amount of time I’ve known your daughter, I value her more than you do.”

Without another word, Darius slipped his hand over hers and, with a small tug, turned her around. He grasped the doorknob, twisted it, and opened the study door. The tinkle of laughter and hum of conversation poured into the room. They stepped through the entrance, and Darius pulled the door closed behind them, leaving her family—and her past—behind.

“Come with me,” he said and guided her through the crowd. They received curious and smug glances, but Rowyn didn’t allow it to upset her. Not when Darius’s hand was wrapped tightly around hers.

A couple of minutes later, she stood with him at the bottom of the steps outside her parents’ home. A lovely, cool breeze wafted through the hot June night, caressing her bare shoulders like a lover’s kiss. Like Darius’s kiss.

She shivered and lifted her gaze to his. He stood in front of her, silent.

“Thank you.”

“I’m sorry.”

His grin matched hers as their words jumbled over the each other. Darius inclined his head.

“You first,” he offered.

“Thank you,” she repeated. “For coming to my defense. No one has done that for me before. And I want to…thank you.”

Darius snorted. “I was apologizing for interfering in what may not have been my business.” He lifted his arm and palmed her cheek, his fingertips stroking her temple. “You are very welcome.”

Without giving thought to rejection or doubt, Rowyn turned her face into his palm and pressed her lips to the center. It still wasn’t easy, this PDA thing. But Darius made trying worth the effort.

“I don’t want to say good-bye to you again.” He lifted his other hand, and then her face was cradled between both palms, her head tilted back for the kiss he swept across her mouth. “I came here tonight with the intention of convincing you not to drop out of my life again. But after that”—he jerked his chin in the direction of the house behind her—”I want more. Come to Seattle, Rowyn.”



Her breath caught in her lungs, then escaped on a rush of wind. The drumbeat of blood rushing through her veins resounded in her head. She lifted her hands to his arms and clasped the hard muscles. “Darius…”

“I’m not a fool like Daniel. I recognize a gifted businesswoman when I see one. I want to offer you the same position with my company that you have with Harrisons’. I won’t lie, Rowyn. The job is only a bribe to convince you to move. To be with me.”

A quick flash of fear flared in her stomach. Fear of taking this huge, impulsive step. Fear of leaving behind all she’d known. Fear of how much she hungered to say yes.

“Don’t think, sweetheart,” he whispered. His blue eyes burned down into hers, entrapping her with their fire so she couldn’t look away. “Don’t use that beautiful, brilliant mind of yours. Speak from your heart. What does your heart say?”

Her heart. Her heart said… “Yes.”

Joy lit his face, and in that moment, all doubt and insecurities were carried away with the evening breeze. As his mouth covered hers and his tongue dipped inside to tangle, dance, and discover, she was fine with not being able to map out and analyze the next step of her future. As long as it included this man, she was willing to take the chance.

And hey, she had a job waiting for her. She grinned under his kiss, and Darius drew back to return the smile.

“I have something for you.”

“Gifts already?” She perched on her toes and nipped the sensual curve of his bottom lip. “You’ve given me a job. What’s next? The corner office?”

“No,” he drawled with a shake of his head. “That belongs to me. I will let you seduce me in it, though.”

Rowyn snickered and waited as he slipped his hand into his front pocket. “You are all”—her eyes widened—”heart,” she finished hoarsely as her gaze fastened on the delicate gold chain and pendant that dangled between his fingers.

Tears clogged her throat. Trembling, she touched a fingertip to the tiny crown etched into the jewelry’s smooth surface. Memories flooded her, and suddenly she stood with her father eight years ago as he smiled and watched her open his gift.

I love you, Daddy. And I miss you.

Darius fastened the chain around her neck, and the pendant felt familiar against her collarbone. Like a homecoming.

“It’s a perfect fit,” he murmured.

“Yes,” Rowyn agreed and lifted her gaze to meet the quiet joy in his. “We are.”





Epilogue





“Cinderella returned to the palace, where she married the prince, and they lived happily ever after.”—Cinderella

“Okay, so fairy tales aren’t for suckers.”—Rowyn Joeng





“No, open your eyes,” he murmured. “I want to see.”

Rowyn obeyed the low command and lifted her lashes even as her pussy pulsed with the echoes of the orgasm that had just ripped through her body. The soft glow of the lamp on the desk cast its golden glow over Darius’s face and chest as he leaned over, and she remembered another time when he had issued the same demand. And he was just as beautiful now as he’d been that first night they’d spent together. His lips gleamed with her cream, and the stark white of his gaping shirt was a sharp contrast against his golden skin. God, he was beautiful.

She uncurled her fingers from the edge of the desk and flexed the stiff digits.

“See what?” she asked and lowered her arms. She fiddled with the top button of her silk shirt. He narrowed his gaze on the gesture. She smiled and pushed the first disc through the eyelet. In seconds the shirt gapped wide.

“Go ahead,” he ordered softly. Rowyn complied. As he lowered his hands to the thin leather belt at his waist, she opened the bra snap between her breasts and peeled the cups to the side. A soft growl filled the room, and renewed desire flooded her pussy as she fixed her gaze on his movements, waiting for the first glimpse of his cock. Darius released the buckle and dragged the zipper down, then reached inside his slacks and pulled his dick free.

She slicked her tongue over her lips, hungry. Again. The thick column of flesh capped with that smooth, bulbous head never failed to send a spear of lust straight to her pussy. He stroked his hand up the ridged length, and her groan joined his. She palmed her breasts and pinched the nipples. Oh God. She rolled her hips and arched her back. It was so good. It was always this good with him.

“You know what I want to see?” he asked, his voice a husky caress over her sweat-dampened skin. Darius gripped the root of his cock and, with a jerk of his hips, impaled her pussy. She pressed her head into the hard wood of the desk, and a cry tore from her throat. “That,” he grunted, drew back, and thrust forward again. “That’s what I need.”

He loomed over her, his palms flattening next to her head and his arms caging her in. In the warm lamplight, the wide gold band gleamed on the ring finger of his left hand. The sight of it pleasured her as much as the cock that parted her swollen pussy. She closed her eyes, and this time Darius didn’t demand that she reopen them. He rested his forehead against hers, and their breath mingled.

“Open for me, sweetheart,” he whispered. Eager, she pulled her legs back and locked her ankles behind his back. She clutched his arms and held on to him as if he were a port in an erotic storm. The base of his cock ground against her clit and shoved her closer to the orgasm that hovered just out of her reach.

“Darius,” she pleaded, straining toward him.

“I have you.” He took her mouth in a burning, hard kiss. “I have you, sweetheart.”

She gave herself over to him. He rode her hard, fast. He plunged his cock over and over into her pussy, stoking a fire that roared into a conflagration and consumed her in its flames. Her scream echoed in the shadowed office as Darius urged her to take more, go for more. He continued to fuck her, and before her heart slowed after the first orgasm, another rocketed through her. This time Darius followed her. He dropped his head back, and his dick jerked and pulsed inside her sex, hot spurts of semen flooding her rippling flesh.

Rowyn held him as he bucked and shivered above her. When he settled his weight over her, skimmed soft lips over her jaw, and murmured words that were lost against her skin, she smiled.

“Do you think everyone knows what goes on in your office when we ‘work late’?” she asked, rubbing her palm over his dark waves.

She felt his smile as he swept his lips over her cheekbone.

“What a man and wife do together is their own business…even if it is in the office.”

“Right.” Rowyn chuckled, and the pleasure that shivered through her had more to do with the man pressed to her than the naughty words he’d whispered in her ear. Sometimes it was hard to believe Darius had reentered her life only eighteen months ago. So much had changed, the least of the adjustments being her relocation from Boston to Seattle. The biggest transformation had been her.

No longer under the influence of her dysfunctional family, she’d become that woman she’d dreamed of for so long. Open. Carefree. Confident. Beautiful. Darius had not only offered her a top position in his company; he’d given her something more valuable. Laughter. Trust. Faith. Joy.

Finally, she had her happily-ever-after.

“I have to go pick up Wanda at the airport in an hour,” she reminded him even as she tightened her arms around his shoulders and pulled him closer.

After a couple of visits to Seattle, her best friend had decided to leave Harrisons’, accept Darius’s job offer, and move to the west coast. These days Rowyn couldn’t stop smiling. And she owed it to this man, who had swept into her life and made her a princess in her personal fairy tale.

Her smile widened. Her father had been the first man to call her a princess and had engraved the words on her necklace. Last month, Darius had become the second when he’d added mia principessa—my princess—underneath the Korean endearment. If she hadn’t been in love with him already, she would have fallen that day.

“I love you, Darius.”

He lifted his head and stared down at her, the corner of his mouth lifted in a sexy quirk.

“I love you more, Mrs. Fiore.”





Biography





I was born the daughter of a sharecropper… Okay, maybe not. But I am the daughter of a pastor from whom I inherited my love of romance. The man can preach a mean Song of Solomon! (There’s that plug, Daddy! You can pay me later!)

Although my first book starred a cucumber named Fred, my first romance came several years later in the seventh grade, when I wrote myself as a heroine opposite Ralph Tresvant from New Edition. Through the power of my pen and imagination, Ralph took one look across a crowded stadium, met my dark, mysterious gaze, fell passionately in love, and serenaded me in front of millions of fans. Out of all the girls in the world, he chose me! And of course, we lived happily ever after—once we had the inevitable fight, aka black moment, and made up with a passionate declaration of love and fidelity. This same story reincarnated itself many times over the years: with Donnie Wahlberg from New Kids on the Block, Brad Pitt, Denzel Washington, and as recently as last night, Vin Diesel.

Though the characters have changed, my love of love has endured. Shaping the lives of the unique men and women who experience the first hungry bites of lust, the dizzying heights of passion, and the tender, healing heat of love—nothing compares to it. Except maybe discovering new material for love scenes with my husband, the head of Research & Development!





