Tempted By You


Falling for a Rose Book Nine





Stephanie Nicole Norris





Contents




Acknowledgments





Chapter 1



Chapter 2



Chapter 3



Chapter 4



Chapter 5



Chapter 6



Chapter 7



Chapter 8



Chapter 9



Chapter 10



Chapter 11



Chapter 12



Chapter 13



Chapter 14



Chapter 15



Chapter 16



Chapter 17



Chapter 18



Chapter 19



Chapter 20



Chapter 21



Chapter 22



Epilogue





More Books by Stephanie Nicole Norris



About the Author





Note from the Publisher: This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead or references to locations, persons, events or locations is purely coincidental. The characters, circumstances and events are imaginative and not intended to reflect real events.





Tempted by You

Falling for a Rose Book Nine

Copyright 2018 Stephanie Nicole Norris

Love is a Drug, Ink.





All Rights Reserved and Proprietary.





No part of this book may be reproduced, in any form or format without written permission from Author. Send all requests via email to





stephanie@stephanienicolenorris.com.





Acknowledgments





Here we are again! Tempted by You was such a treat to write. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did during this process. I want to take a moment to acknowledge a few of you who have been instrumental with helping me through this process.

Special thanks to my reading family. You guys are more than a girl could ask for, and I love each and every one of you. To my illustrator Amy Q. Thank you so much for bringing my visions to life! To my editor Shonell Bacon, I absolutely love you, woman! Your critique is so influential and priceless I couldn’t trade you for the world! Thank you for having my back during fun and crazy rough times during my writing process, and thanks being a part of my team!

To my literary partner in crime Deidra D. S. Green, you have so many roles I can’t name them all. LOL. Thank you for having my back and being my sounding board when I’m crazy and trying to write 50-thousand books at one time. ;)

To Patina and Jason Browner, thank you for allowing me to use your image to bring Jasmine and Luke to life! I appreciate you and wish you much success in all your endeavors.

To Aaron Davis, thank you so much for capturing Patina and Jason’s imagery in such a stunning fashion! Your talent is amazing, and I’m glad to have worked with you!

Last but certainly not least, my family and friends. My son Noah, my husband Patrick, my mother Jessica. You guys are my squad, and I love you for life and hereafter!

This gift I have wouldn’t be possible without my Lord and Savior manifesting it within me. Thank you, God, for everything. Your daughter, Steph.





Chapter One





November 15, 2017

Chicago, Illinois





Luke Steele’s eyes moved across the room filled with his beloved friends, family, and associates. His gaze skipped over the navy-blue chiffon sofa, red and white polka dot accent pillows, and the thick panel of drapes to gauge the reaction to the message he’d just delivered. It seemed to stun most of them because no one had spoken since his last sentence ended almost a full sixty seconds ago.

“You’re running for mayor of Chicago?”

“You seem surprised,” Luke said, speaking to Derek James Clark whose eyes had popped from their sockets. A few seconds passed that felt like minutes, then a broad smile replaced his friend’s surprise along with all the others.

“Congratulations, man!”

The room erupted in cheers, and Derek was the first to rise, but not far behind him were eight of Chicago’s wealthiest benefactors that included the Rose men and Quentin Davidson, business tycoon and fitness expert. They were brought up together during the era when Ronald Reagan was president and supported one another in each of their endeavors, which was why Luke tried to shake the anxiety he felt with the question he would ask next. The men crowded Luke with handshakes and slaps on the back.

“Thank you,” Luke said, “thank you sincerely.”

“Man, I didn’t think you were interested in politics,” Derek spoke again.

Luke raised a protuberant brow. “Not even my master’s or Ph.D. in political science gave you a clue?”

The men laughed.

“I mean, I thought you took those courses to appease your father,” Derek added.

Luke’s father was Senator Warren Steele, former mayor of Chicago. The senator had been grooming Luke for as long as the men could remember, but Luke didn’t seem to take much interest in being his father’s predecessor. That all changed when the need to make an impact on his community weighed on his heart, and no one was better suited for the position than Luke. The Steeles were raised in the hood of Chicago, in a place where most African American men ended up dead, in jail, or became a high-school dropout. Luke knew what it was like to see his family struggle from paycheck to paycheck and sometimes work odd jobs to try and make ends meet. While his father worked day and night as an engineer, and Luke’s mother took on an extra shift at the hospital, Luke held down the fort, making sure their home wasn’t the next burglarized on a long list of break-ins that seemed to go on forever.

He knew with just a little bit of assistance and mentorship programs that young men and women could learn to become successful, master a real-life survival mentality, and hone the necessary skills to escape that type of living. It would change more lives for the better. Luke’s parents were an example of that as they were instrumental in shaping the man he was today. Luke watched Warren and Bernadette Steele, devouring all of their teachings, becoming accustomed to their hard work ethics, and by the time Luke was fifteen, the Steeles were out of poverty. Luke would never forget the relief he felt when staying up at night to watch the neighborhood was no longer his reality. It allowed him to focus on his education, giving him a foreseeable future to look forward to.

After giving it much thought, then informing his father of the news, Luke decided to throw a quiet dinner at the home he’d grown to love in North Chicago. He no longer lived with his parents, but with their blessing, Luke decided this was the only way to share the good news. He only wished his father could be there, but he understood the importance of Warren Steele’s position in Congress. There was never a dull moment.

Luke folded his thick muscular arms. “Derek, I teach this course at the university. You don’t think I’d put my own aspirations on hold to pursue something just to impress my father, do you?”

All of the men quieted down as Luke’s eyes traveled to each one of them.

“Wait, you all do?”

Quentin spoke up. “We knew you had an interest but not one that would make you run for office.”

“Yeah,” Derek said, “I know teaching political science is different than running for mayor no doubt.”

A whistle sounded, and the men took their attention to Jacob Alexander Rose. He stood with a prevalent grin and his hand tucked comfortably inside his Brioni suit pants pockets. “If you’re going to be the mayor of Chicago, you’ll need a castle to go with that title.”

The men chuckled. Being an architect and business mogul, Jacob was always on the lookout for the potential to put his skills to use. Building his friend a home from the ground up would be a gift Jacob would be thrilled to execute.

“You know he’s not joking,” Josiah Alexander Rose said. The newlywed brother was days away from traveling across the globe with his beautiful wife Santana Summers for their honeymoon in St Lucia. He was thoroughly anticipating it.

Luke unfolded his arms and held out a hand to Jacob. “It would be my honor to let you build me a home,” his deep voice spoke. Jacob’s grin widened, and he accepted Luke’s firm handshake.

“What are you looking for one master bedroom or two?” Jacob responded as the men withdrew.

“Actually, four, maybe five.”

Again, the men were a bit surprised.

“Five?” Jacob reiterated.

“Bedrooms that is. One master. I’m anticipating that I’ll have a family at some point, right?”

Luke’s gaze drifted from Jacob to the background behind Jacob. Jasmine Alexandria Rose was perched on the heels of her five-inch designer pumps, wrapped in a black bandage dress that clung to her curves like a second layer of skin. Her arms were bare, revealing smooth chocolate brown skin. In her hand, a glass of champagne—on her face, a dazzling smile that lifted her high cheekbones and brightened her stunning brown eyes. He followed her hand as it lightly swept over her bone straight, elbow length hair. Luke held her stare, transfixed in her hypnotic entanglement.

“You’re right,” Jacob said, interrupting their solid connection. “You’ll have five.”

Luke brought his eyes back to Jacob. “I have something else to ask of you,” he said. “All of you.”

“What’s up?” They all murmured.

Luke didn’t get a chance to respond before he felt Jasmine saunter closer to them. In his peripheral, he saw the curve in her hips shift and the spring of her dress stretch against her goddess-like silhouette. A layer of heat saturated his skin as she along with her triplet sisters Phoebe and Eden moved in sync, wanting to also be privy to what Luke would say next. His awareness of her was compelling, sending a ball of nerves spiraling through his ecosystem. He forced himself to respond to Jacob and not the rapid beat of his heart.

“I know that you all put your support behind Samuel Jenkins the last election cycle, and he will be running again to maintain his current seat. However, I’m asking you all to back me this time around. I would appreciate it and could really use your support, but this is in no way an obligation for you.”

The men all eyed each other speculatively. “Are you kidding?” It was Jordan Rose who spoke.

Everyone turned to him. “And here I thought you wouldn’t say a word this entire gathering,” Luke joked.

“And why is that?” Jordan asked.

“Because you do more thinking than you do speaking.”

The men all chuckled. Luke was right; Jordan was the one out of the bunch that took every angle about anything into consideration before making an informed decision. It was coded into his DNA that way.

“Yeah, but there’s nothing to contemplate in this instance. The thing about politics is knowing that the person behind the power is sincere and genuine about the role given to him.”

“Or her,” Jasmine added.

They all chuckled again. Jasmine was all about equal opportunities; she was currently organizing a list of candidates running for every political seat in Chicago. She had plans to contact them all and see where they stood on women’s equal pay. It was a war, and although a battle was won with the passing of the Equal Pay Act back in 1963, the provisions to set the rules in place still lingered to this day. And women were still being paid 80 cents on every man’s dollar. However, staggeringly enough, African American women were paid 63 cents on every man’s dollar.

“Or her,” Jordan added, glancing at his sister.

“Much better,” she said, moving her eye over to Luke. It was no secret between Luke and Jasmine that they shared a correlating bond. It had been there for longer than a decade, and neither of them denied it. The only obstacle that postponed their submission was the Rose men. Jasmine understood that being the sister of Luke’s best friend would complicate a relationship between the two. At least, that’s what she thought. Luke, on the other hand, was ready to risk it all for her, but instead of going after Jasmine full force, he waited, biding his time until the moment she was ready.

Jasmine drove her eye over his caramel brown skin, adoring the piercing intensity of his stare and the way his dimples deepened whenever she came near. The ecstatic energy that clung between them led a stinging path from his watchful eye to her sultry one. Often, Jasmine found herself daydreaming about what it must feel like to be wrapped in Luke’s arms, hidden beneath the comfort of his embrace. Too many times, she pictured their lovemaking, rocking against a headboard while her nails sank into his flesh with her head thrown back and her mouth wide open. Jasmine bit down on her teeth and attempted to sever their link, but Luke’s comprehensive gaze held her captive.

“Spoken like a true litigator,” Jacob said to Jordan.

“Do you disagree?” Jordan asked.

“Not at all. I think Luke is just being polite. He knows we would never back someone he’s running against.”

Luke snatched his gaze away from Jasmine with all the strength he could conjure. “I meant what I said,” Luke stated. “None of you are oblig—”

“Save it for someone who wants to hear it,” Jacob cut in.

“For sure,” Quentin added.

The rest of the men all agreed. Luke glanced to each of them and released a sigh he’d been holding. When his eyes fell back on Jasmine, he quickly acknowledged Phoebe and Eden with a glance.

“How about you ladies?” Luke asked. “If you need to think about it, I won’t hold it against you.”

Phoebe and Eden began to speak when Jasmine interrupted them. “I don’t know,” Jasmine drawled. She took another step toward Luke then pierced her eyes to a squint as she perused him from head to toe. Her feet moved one in front of the other, circling Luke in a slow stroll as if to get a three hundred and sixty-degree look at him. “What is your stance on women’s equal pay?”

Luke folded his thick arms, causing his broad shoulders to push muscle against the button-down shirt he wore.

“If a woman is working in the same field, doing the very things as her counterparts, I see no reason why she should be paid less. It’s discrimination flat out, but you do realize my role as mayor would not make me part of the senate or the house.”

“I do realize that.”

“Then there’s no way I could push the bill.”

“But you could get it into the proper hands of Congress.”

The corner of Luke’s luscious lips lifted. “Possibly.”

Jasmine rounded him one last time then stopped right in front of him. “That’s all that matters then.”

“Are you sure?” he asked.

The question was masked in an undercover query. Just like that, Luke had flipped the tone of their conversation. Jasmine cleared her throat and took a minor step back.

“Certain,” she said.

Luke’s stern gaze punctured Jasmine, drowning her in a flood of heat.

“Well, let me say congratulations,” Phoebe added, stepping into the fold. She approached Luke with arms held out. “You have our full support. Let us know what you need, and we’re there.”

“Now that you mention it. The election is February twenty-seventh next year. I need thirteen thousand signatures to kick this thing off.”

“That’s all?” Jacob asked.

They all laughed.

“You’ll have that before tomorrow morning.”

Jacob held out an arm and slapped hands in a strong shake with Luke. Again, the room went up in cheers and congratulations. The full entourage was there, including the wives and a few close friends. Jasmine watched the men celebrate while taking a sip of her champagne and slipping a piece of her hair behind her ear. Deciding the bubbly didn’t quench the thirst she had, Jasmine retreated, disappearing into the kitchen. The expeditious getaway of her legs carried through the swinging doors, ferrying a brisk of wind with her arrival. Jasmine’s heart matched her swift escape, and she ran right into the granite center island. Her hand braced against it, while simultaneously clutching the champagne flute in the other.

Why did Luke send her nerves into turmoil every time they shared the same space? One would think Jasmine was past accustomed to the feeling since she’d grown up wanting to be his lady, even in her younger years. But that was quite the contrary. She was attracted to him, and not just physically, but intellectually, too. Luke’s story was made of a fairy tale. The young black boy raised in the hood but made it out to one day go on and help build his community and become a professor and the mayor of the city. How cliché. And yet, here he was… everything Jasmine’s heart desired: strong, dedicated, driven, educated, and a good Samaritan.

Jasmine was tired of waiting and pretending there wasn’t anything between them. But what if dating him was a bad idea? How upset would her brothers become if they crossed that line?

“Jasmine?”

Jasmine glanced over to Norma, their housekeeper and the person she’d grown to love like a mother.

“You look like you could use this.” Norma handed Jasmine a fresh glass of champagne, and Jasmine happily accepted it.

“Thank you.”

Jasmine took a swig of the alcohol.

“Do you want to talk about it?”

Jasmine wasn’t sure. She smiled into Norma’s aging face. “No, I’m fine.” Jasmine took another swig of her champagne then sat the glass on the counter. “Let’s rejoin the party.”

Together they left the kitchen, each of them knowing the person on the other side of Jasmine’s apprehension was Luke Steele.





Chapter Two





“Thank you for coming.”

Luke wrapped his arms around Phoebe then released her.

“You know I wouldn’t have missed your important announcement. Seriously, you are so our next mayor.”

Luke’s smile warmed. “Thank you, I appreciate that.”

“You’re more than welcome. Anything you need, just let me know.”

“I will.”

Phoebe smiled then waved and turned to exit the front door. Behind her, Eden mimicked Phoebe’s farewell before parting in much the same manner. Luke’s gaze searched the room for Jasmine, but there was no sign of her long shapely legs or the tingling throaty voice Luke had come to love. He held on to the deep sigh that would reveal his frustration. Jasmine had avoided him all night, only getting close enough to stay within his sight but not within his reach. It was enough to drive a man crazy, and from the looks of it, she’d also left while he was preoccupied. Luke closed the door and strolled across the Mediterranean style dining room, down the two hardwood steps toward the balcony on the farther side of the room. He slid the door open and left it ajar, then made his way onto the stone veranda needing to get a breath of fresh air. Glancing up at the symphony of stars in the moonlit sky, Luke’s thoughts never strayed far from Jasmine.

The silence of the night surrounded him, and a current of wind flew over his skin just as a trail of chills assaulted his forearms.

“I thought you were gone,” his thick voice strummed.

“Without saying the proper goodbye?” Jasmine responded.

Luke grinned but kept his back to her and his sight before him.

“How did you know it was me anyway?” Jasmine asked.

“You don’t really need me to answer that, do you? You know I can feel you, right, Jasmine?”

The overactive flutter in her chest didn’t let up; it had been there all night, and now Luke was making it worse. It had taken all of her guts to seek him out, but she stood on the safe side of the door in a string of light that shone from his hallway ceiling. Though Luke was bathed in darkness, she could see the outline of his manly physique and the mountain that shaped his shoulders. Jasmine bit down on her lip and crossed the threshold, wanting to be near him but afraid of what might happen if she got too close. The one meager step brought her onto his territory but was far enough that it left her a quick exit.

“I’ve always thought this was a beautiful view,” she said, shifting the focus. “Even when I was a teenager, I’d stand here and see how many stars I could count.”

“And yet, you barely ever came out here.”

“That’s because you threatened to throw me over more times than I can count!” She laughed.

Luke chuckled. “But you knew I never would.”

Jasmine shrugged. “I didn’t know.”

“You didn’t know?”

“You were pretty convincing to me. I didn’t want to take any chances.”

Luke unfolded his arms then slipped his hands inside his pockets and turned around slowly to face Jasmine. “Are you ready to take your chances now?”

He’d done it again, altered the conversation altogether. Jasmine pretended not to notice. She lifted her brow. “On what?”

Luke stared at her intensely. “No,” he paused, “you’re not ready.”

A shiver slipped down her shoulders and treaded throughout her vertebrae. She licked her lips and sought for bravery.

“Maybe I am ready,” she said.

Luke stepped out of the shadows to stand in the glow of the hallway light that breached the stone veranda just by an inch. The edginess of his masculine face revealed a strict observation as he closed in on her. Jasmine held her footing, mentally challenging herself not to move away. After all, retreating had been her thing when it came to him, and Luke had been patiently awaiting her surrender. Luke looked her over, studying the swift movement of her orbs as she fought to hold his eye contact.

“Nah,” he said, “you’re not ready. Almost, but not quite. I consider myself a patient man. I’ll wait for you, and when the time comes,” he slipped a hand up her neck, placing a firm but soft caress aside her face, “you’re mine.”





Council Chambers City Hall

Chicago, Illinois

One week before Valentine’s Day





Jasmine sat with her legs crossed and her eyes obscured behind Dolce and Gabbana shades. For the last two hours, she had been held up at City Hall as the council members went on about budget and purchasing. Every few minutes, her thoughts would shift to Luke Steele. Since her friend had declared his announcement, his life had become a sprint as he campaigned heavily throughout Illinois. His pursuit to make a difference inspired her and shook up the activist within. It was one of the reasons Jasmine began attending city council meetings. It was essential to know exactly what their elected officials were concerned about and what was on their agenda.

That being the case, this period today felt like a waste. It wasn’t as if Jasmine’s time wasn’t precious. As the face of a popular daytime soap opera, Love Without Limits, and the many appearances she made throughout the week on talk shows, Jasmine had an extra tight schedule. Her many to-dos even made seeing Luke a thing of the past. Jasmine felt unnerved about that. It made her wonder if they would have the chance to fulfill this dream that she envisioned in her mind almost every night that passed since that moment he’d promised she would one day belong to him. But maybe that was exactly where the thought of her and Luke was meant to stay, in a dream. Even as the idea began to take residence, Jasmine simultaneously refuted it.

Seeing her sister Phoebe and her brother’s best friend Quentin get engaged renewed Jasmine’s hope. If her family had accepted their joining, they would receive her and Luke’s.

Feeling unsettled, Jasmine uncrossed her legs and stood. When she moved from her seat, five men in black tuxedos moved with her. In the past, being a triplet out of a celebrity household meant she and her sisters would always need security detail. However, add that in with her individual celebrity because of the soap opera and her constant appearances in the media when it was time to stand on the frontline and protest meant Jasmine’s detail had gotten heavier. The way she moved, one would think she was a part of a royal family or the presidency.

As she walked, her men made way for her as if they were composed of the same microorganism. Jasmine’s sharp heels clanked against the floor as they hustled outside, and the wind lifted the black strands of hair that lay over her shoulders. In a crème asymmetrical Burberry cape coat, complemented with well-tailored trousers, Jasmine strolled to the Bentley Mulsanne and slipped into the backseat as her chauffeur Jasper held open the back door.

She adjusted the sunglasses on her face and checked her wristwatch for the time. Three in the afternoon. Jasmine’s flight to Santa Monica was an hour and a half away. Not only that but today Luke would be in his old stomping grounds on the South Side of Chicago, announcing his plans for a community center development that was set to begin building the next day. It was one of the things he always wanted to do, and Jasmine was sad that she wouldn’t be able to attend.

She sighed and felt annoyed. Who said she had to go about life on schedules and appointments? That was no way to live; at least, not all the time. Jasmine dug a hand into her handbag and retrieved her cell phone. After dialing a few numbers, she held the device to her ear and waited for an answer.

“Yes, Monica, cancel my flight.”

Jasmine listened to her assistant’s response.

“I’m aware of that, now cancel the flight.” She paused again then smiled when Monica acquiesced. “Thank you.”

Jasmine’s line beeped.

“If you need anything, you know how to find me,” Jasmine added. She switched the line. “Hello.”

“Oh, good, I caught you before your flight.”

It was Carla Jones, one of Jasmine’s close friends. As Jasmine’s brothers and even her father married, their family extended. Jasmine had found a friend in Carla, who she’d met through her in-laws.

The two hit it off instantly since Carla’s strong personality, and flirtatious ways matched Jasmine’s. They were practically the last ones in the bunch who’d yet to find their happily ever after, and they found themselves out on the town often.

“Sure did,” Jasmine replied. “What’s up, girl?” Jasmine relaxed against her seat and turned her eye to Chicago’s passing scenery.

“I’m planning a girls’ night out when you get back. Nothing major, just the spa, drinks, and dinner.”

“That sounds like an all-day shindig.”

Carla chuckled. “Well, it’s not like we see each other often.”

“Carla, I see you at least three weekends a month. Some months only have three weekends.”

“I see your point, but there are like thirty days in a month, so if you look at it like that, it’s not much.”

Jasmine chuckled as the Bentley turned another corner headed in the direction of the south.

“Well, I want to make this quick since you’re probably already at O’Hare.”

“I’m not going,” Jasmine quipped.

“Why, what happened?”

“I changed my mind.”

The phone quieted.

“Hello?” Jasmine said.

“What’s wrong, Jasmine?”

Jasmine smirked. “Why does something have to be wrong?”

“Because you wouldn’t change your mind for no reason.”

“Why wouldn’t I?”

Carla gaped on the other end of the phone. “Because you wouldn’t. Now what’s up?”

Jasmine half-rolled her eyes and licked the corners of her mouth.

“I’m going to support Luke.”

“At the grand opening?”

“It’s hardly a grand opening when the center hasn’t been built yet.”

When Carla spoke again, there was a smile in her voice. “All right then,” she said. “It’s about damn time.”

“Excuse you?”

“Girl, with the way you were moving, I thought the tortoise might beat you to the end of that race.”

Jasmine’s eyes rolled upward as she broke down Carla’s analogy.

“What are you trying to say, Miss Carla Jones?”

“Oh no you didn’t, I’m not that much older than you. Don’t start with me.”

Jasmine snickered. “Girl, I’ll be twenty-six soon, and you’re like thirty-six or something?”

“I know you didn’t just come for me,” Carla said.

Jasmine laughed out loud. Carla was so dead serious and seconds away from popping off.

“I’m just kidding, don’t go all, ‘for your information’ on me. I can hear it coming a mile away.”

“That’s not all coming if you keep that up.”

Jasmine guffawed.

“And since you want to go there—”

“Oh my God, Carla, I said I was just kidding.”

“Oh no, heffa, you don’t get to say what you want and expect me not to respond, kidding or not.”

Jasmine continued to laugh but didn’t miss the noticeable change of the neighborhood the deeper they ventured into the south.

“So, since you went there, thirty is not old. It’s prime real estate, you ol’ teenybopper.”

Jasmine fell to the side laughing, and it, in turn, made Carla smile.

“Heffa,” Carla added for good measure.

“Okay, okay, geez!”

“Mmhmm, anyway, I’m not letting you distract me from the fact that you’re finally blowing off one of those talk shows to go spend time with your boo.” Now Carla’s smile was full on. “What made you do it?”

Jasmine readjusted herself in the heated seat and let out a sigh. “I’m just tired of avoiding it, you know? It’s a real job and considering all of the other hats I wear, this one should be simple.”

“Yes, girl, you are so right. Now keep that in mind when you think about changing it.”

Jasmine nodded even though Carla couldn’t see her. She didn’t want her friend to know her stomach was in knots. The last few weeks, Luke had been spotted with a beautiful brunette at his side. Jasmine learned later the woman in question was Sarah Middleton, one of the volunteers working with Luke’s campaign. In public, Jasmine was good at putting up a front. She could pretend with the best of them that it didn’t bother her to see the woman hanging on to Luke’s every word like he was Jesus speaking on the Mount of Olives. But Jasmine knew better; she could tell Sarah was the type to go after what she wanted, and it was Luke in her eyesight.

The Bentley drove into a newly furnished lot and parked, then Jasper exited and rounded to the passenger back side door. The wind sailed through the vehicle when the door opened, and without contemplation, Jasmine slipped out.

“I hate to cut and run,” Jasmine said to Carla, “but I’m here.”

“Call me back if you leave by yourself.”

Jasmine squinted. “If I leave by myself?”

“That’s what I said.”

Jasmine smirked. If only she had the confidence that Carla seemed to have.

They hung up, and Jasmine slipped the phone back into the oversized handbag that hung off her arm, then gained her courage and moved forward.





Chapter Three





Jasmine glanced around, seeing an entourage of people standing in the field just ahead. Camera crews were scattered about, along with a large audience of citizens who listened on as Luke spoke. A small smile teased the corners of Jasmine’s lips, and her feet moved in his direction.

Her initial approach was to linger off to the side until he finished, but she wanted to get a full view of him. Jasmine needed to know that the connection they had was still there and not just an old flame that had slowly burned out.

To her side, Jasmine’s security made room for her to pass discreetly so as not to disturb his speech. The crowd shifted, and with it, Jasmine slinked past the last onlooker who obstructed her line of sight.

Seeing him in his element for the first time in weeks, Jasmine released a long, substantial breath. Her eyes toured his macho physique, covering the bulk in his toned arms and rugged shoulders. His strong neckline mounted like a stalk, and the muscular angle of his jawline was shadowed by his well-groomed beard. She released another slow breath as if seeing him heightened the adrenaline in her body. She touched her throat softly when her pulse accelerated, finding its rhythm dancing to an upbeat tempo. As his lips moved, she watched the full advancement of his mouth causing Jasmine to swipe her tongue across the plump softness of her own. Luke was encased in a sharp white button-down shirt with a navy-blue tie fastened around the collar that was custom fitted to the thick column of his neckline and monumental frame.

Jasmine marveled at the complementary way his shirt tucked into his suit pants that rode his athletic thighs down to assemble at his navy-blue wingtip shoes. She inhaled and released a languid sigh just as a flurry of wind sailed past her carrying a scent of fresh cut grass across her nose. In front of Luke, a shovel stood upright in the grass, and Jasmine was taken from her trance long enough to hear his next words.

“It is my honor to begin the construction of the foundation that will become our south-side community home, and it pleases me to have you all here to witness this special occasion.”

His powerful hand reached for the shovel, and he lifted it, fitting it between both outstretched palms. Taking a step back, Luke sent the blade sifting into the ground, causing a pile of green grass and dirt to upheave on the tool’s tongue. His muscles flexed through the crisp fitted shirt, and his chest bulged as if he would break free of the material like the Incredible Hulk. Jasmine took in another bustling breath and didn’t expect it when Luke paused and glanced up as if sensing her near. His gaze began at her feet and rose up Jasmine’s legs to her thighs, puncturing her skin as if she stood there exposed in her bare necessities. When he passed her center, heat ballooned between her thighs, and slow moisture trickled from her vagina to the seat of her panties. Her body vibrated as his poignant stare blazed up her belly past her now hardened nipples toward the curve of her upturned chin to her pretty brown eyes.

There she was trapped, absorbed in his hazel brown gaze and fiery assessment. From the short distance, Jasmine saw his orbs darken, and his eyes turn into a devilish gleam as his mouth lifted into a robust masculine smile. It took her breath away. Besides coming to support a friend, this was also what she’d come for. It was still there; their connection had not slowly burned away. It was as meticulously potent now as it had been that night on his stone veranda. The night she’d run away from him, the night she’d almost given in to her innermost desires.

Jasmine licked her mouth again, needing to wet her lips. The move didn’t disturb the ruby red lipstick on her perfectly posh mouth, but from the few feet in front of her, it did disorient Luke. He’d felt her as soon as she arrived but kept his focus in case he only imagined her presence. Besides, the last few months had been hard on him. Their limited conversations weren’t enough to fill the hunger he craved in the depths of his heart and the lowest part of his abdomen. Friendly chats of “how are you” and “I’m proud of you” were great, but whenever he turned the conversation to a personal one, she would clam up.

Luke had thought with Quentin and Phoebe getting engaged that surely Jasmine would come around. But it only seemed to distance her more, and he couldn’t quite figure out why although the little voice in the back of his head told him he did know. Though Luke was a patient man, there was a herculean side of him that wanted to hold her hostage for as long as possible and make her love him. But he would never do something so cynical as that. Luke wanted Jasmine to come to him on her own accord, and here she was in the flesh. The time was nigh, and he wasn’t letting her wriggle away from him again.

The crowd waited for Luke to continue, but instead, Luke straightened his posture and spoke to the cameras as he kept his attention on Jasmine.

“I think I need a bit of help,” he said.

It was then that Jasmine noticed Sarah Middleton standing at Luke’s side. She beamed up at him and opened her mouth to respond, but it was as if Luke didn’t notice as he spoke again.

“Miss Rose,” he said, “do you mind getting a little dirty today?”

A profusion of heat flooded Jasmine’s skin, crawling down her body like a raging tsunami. He’s talking about digging in the dirt, Jasmine. Pull it together.

A bounty of whistling wind pushed Jasmine forward, practically uplifting her feet to encourage her toward him. When she realized she was moving, a swarm of nervousness fell over her, but it was too late to pause and change her mind. The entire crowd was watching her now, including the TV cameras. As she sauntered closer to him, Jasmine didn’t miss the cut of Sarah’s eyes and the disingenuous way she smiled when Jasmine glanced to her before returning her focus on Luke. She was inches from him now, and Luke reached out to pull her closer.

“I’m not sure if this is a good idea,” Jasmine said.

“Don’t worry, we’re going to do this, together,” his baritone voice beat.

His words meant more than he could ever know, or maybe he was aware of their significance. A vaguely sensuous light passed between them just as Luke’s warm palm clamped down around her soft skin. Jasmine had wrestled herself to death on whether to cross the line with Luke, even up to this very moment. But as a spiraling buzz crept through her core from his very touch, Jasmine knew she would do whatever he wanted.

“Okay,” she said, carried away by her own response.

Satisfied, Luke gave her body a raking gaze just as Sarah Middleton cleared her throat. He blinked once then licked his lips and reached for the single button that shielded her behind the Burberry cape coat. Jasmine froze as he unclasped it then slipped the fabric off her shoulders and down her arms along with her handbag. His gaze traveled over the silk blouse that lay arrestingly against her skin. Her breasts were at attention and her nipples protruding. Luke’s throat tightened, and his gut clenched. He mindlessly turned to Sarah.

“Would you mind holding on to this for a moment, Miss Middleton?” he asked.

Jasmine pulled her vision from his mouth to glance at Sarah. The brunette’s cheeks were filled with heat from embarrassment. The last thing she wanted was to be Jasmine’s coat rack. Jasmine tried to hold back her smirk, but it pushed through anyway.

“Oh, no problem,” Sarah lied.

“Thank you,” Luke returned.

His fingers took Jasmine’s arm with gentle authority, twirling her around so that her back met his front. Retrieving the shovel, Luke positioned the tool between them and coached her.

“Open your hands.”

Jasmine obeyed, and Luke placed the shovel’s rod in her palms. He covered her soft fingers with his strong fist, and together, they dug the next three holes that would solidify the mark of the community center’s grand opening. The crowd around them buzzed and cheered, and photographers snapped pictures from all angles. Taking the shovel out of her grasp with one massive hand, Luke stabbed it into the ground next to them without moving an inch. The heat from his colossal frame continued to correlate around her back, and she turned around to face him.

“Congratulations.” Jasmine smiled. “Thank you for allowing me to be a part of your moment.”

His sharp gaze delved into the rapture of her eyes.

“It’s our moment now,” he said. “One of many, I hope.”

On an intake of breath, Jasmine’s smile widened. “Certainly.”

Her response revved his engine. She was ready, finally. Luke had never felt such relief in all of his thirty years of existence.

“Congratulations,” Sarah Middleton intervened.

Luke nodded in her direction, unable to take his eyes off of Jasmine.

“I, too, am glad to be a part of your moment,” Sarah continued. “You will no doubt become our next mayor, and I’ll get to gloat that I was a part of history. I can only imagine how the team surrounding Barak Obama’s presidential campaigns must feel being a part of that period in the books,” she gushed.

Luke offered Sarah a glance and a wry grin.

“You’re too kind, Sarah,” he said. “Comparing this moment to the legacy of Barak Obama is a bit of a reach, don’t you think?”

“Not at all.” It was Jasmine who responded, effectively bringing Luke’s attention right back to her. “Miss Middleton is right,” Jasmine heard herself say. “I’m sure those on President Obama’s team along with the president himself didn’t know the kind of history they would make when the campaign was in its early stages. Though I’m sure there was plenty of optimism. You are certainly presidential yourself. As a matter of fact, I wouldn’t mind joining your campaign if there is still room.”

Luke’s face brightened as his thick brows lifted, and his mouth spread into a charming smile.

“Don’t play with me, woman,” he said, dark and hungrily.

“Have I ever played games with you before?”

Luke thought about Jasmine’s ducking and dodging the last couple of months and was tempted to point that out as “games,” but he let it dissolve into the air.

“Oh, Miss Rose, I’m sure your way too busy to join Luke’s campaign, with all that you do,” Sarah interjected.

Jasmine turned to Sarah, giving her the attention, she was looking for.

“Excuse me, but when did he become Luke to you?”

Sarah stuttered, “Wha-what?”

“His name is Mr. Steele. You’re working on his campaign, so you should address him properly. You wouldn’t call your professor by his first name in class, would you?”

Sarah stuttered again. “I … I—”

Jasmine turned back to Luke. “She is one of your students at the University of Chicago, right?”

A lingering smirk on Luke’s face grew at the corner of his mouth. Could Jasmine be jealous? Luke considered it for a moment while tracing the abstract of her nose and succulent lips. Luke would never want her to feel as if she had competition. It was the furthest thing from the truth, and even though he couldn’t be sure if that’s what was happening here, Luke decided to give it a rest just in case.

“She is,” he responded. “Cancel your plans tonight. I’m taking you out for dinner,” he commanded, showing Jasmine just how serious he was about her, and her alone.

Jasmine’s head spun at his order but effectually shifted her train of thought and the entire conversation.

“I’ve already canceled my plans,” she said.

“Oh yeah?”

“Yeah.”

“What was the occasion?”

“I wanted to be here,” she stumbled, “with you.”

Luke toured the sultry outline of her eyes, sleek nose, and again, her engaging mouth.

“Mr. Steele,” a reporter intervened.

Luke glanced at the newcomer. “How can I help you?” he said.

“I’m Allison Sullivan with WTZB. Do you mind if I get a few words from you today?”

“Allison Sullivan?” Luke repeated. “You’re not the reporter I normally see from WTZB, are you?”

Allison smiled. “No, sir. I’m actually the assignment editor, but as I’m sure you’re aware, we are currently looking for our next top of the line reporter and news anchor.”

“Ah yes, short on staff, how does that seem to be working out for you?”

“We’re actually getting closer to picking someone.”

“Sounds like you’re looking forward to it,” Luke said, slipping his hands inside his pockets.

Jasmine grinned and forced herself not to laugh at Luke giving Allison her own interview. She wanted to chastise him, but she landed a hand on his forearm, and that touch alone gave him his warning.

Luke glanced over at Jasmine and smirked then winked. Heat filled Jasmine’s cheeks as she held on to a blush.

“What is your question, Miss Sullivan?”

“Excuse me,” Jasmine said. “I’m going to step aside for a moment.”

“Don’t leave,” Luke uttered.

The two held each other’s attention, and Jasmine nodded.

“I won’t.”

Her blush was sharp, and her cheeks now were as tight as they’d ever been. She moved off to the side, making her way back across the field. In a daze, her feet glided while her security detail moved in synchronization to clear a path before her.

“Miss Rose!” Someone to her left shouted.

Jasmine acknowledged them with a turn of her head and an easy smile.

“I love you on Love Without Limits!” the woman shouted. “Sheila got what she deserved!” she continued, referencing the soap opera character who’d just been kill that week by Jasmine’s character.

Jasmine’s smile widened, and she blew the woman a friendly air kiss.

“It’s either going to be you or me …” Jasmine said, “and I’ve got a newsflash for you, it’s definitely NOT going to be me.”

The woman squealed louder when she recognized the words Jasmine’s character had said before winning the fight with Sheila.

“You’re a wonderful actress. Do you think I can get your autograph?”

Jasmine stopped walking then glanced back at Luke who was still being interviewed. “What is your name?” Jasmine asked.

“Gina!”

“Gina, normally, I wouldn’t have a problem, but today we’re all here to support Professor Luke Steele’s achievement. If I give you an autograph, I’d have to give everyone else one also, and I don’t want to steal his thunder.”

Gina’s face sagged, and she nodded.

“You understand, don’t you?” Jasmine continued.

“Yes, ma’am. Maybe some other time.”

“Any other time for sure,” Jasmine responded.

“What did I miss?” Luke said, jogging up to Jasmine.

Jasmine’s jaw dropped. How had he made it to her so fast?

“I, um, was just telling Miss Gina that I would give her an autograph some other time.”

Luke frowned. “Why?”

“This is your occasion.”

His face warmed over, and a grin trudged across his enticing lips. “Nonsense, you have fans all over, and I would love to share the spotlight anytime with you.”

Jasmine stared off at the genuine expression in Luke’s eyes. What was that she saw? Compassion? Longing? Love? A tremor rode the length of her skin, shaking up her spirit. Thoroughly roused now, Jasmine drug her gaze from his long enough to glance at Gina and the ever-growing crowd around them.

Looking hopeful again, Gina had already pulled out a pen and paper that Jasmine hadn’t noticed before. The woman gushed as Jasmine approached, taking the items out of her hand. As she scribbled, Gina shrieked, thrilled that she would get to gift it to her daughter who also loved the show.

Jasmine handed it back over.

“Thank you so much!”

“You’re welcome.”

“Um, how about a picture?” Gina removed her cell phone and moved swiftly to her camera. As the crowd closed in, Jasmine knew what this would turn into. Everyone would end up wanting a signature and a picture. Her eyes skipped over the mass.

“I’ve got an idea,” Jasmine said.

Gina glanced up at Jasmine.

“How about a group picture with me, Professor Steele, and all of these lovely people out here?”

Gina’s head bobbled, and her golden cheeks lifted with her smile.

“Can I have everyone’s attention?” Jasmine spoke up. “If you would like to take a picture with us, gather around!”

The crowd rushed forward, and Jasmine turned to Luke. “I’m sorry I didn’t ask you if you’d mind taking this picture.”

“That’s because you know you don’t have to.”

Luke slipped an arm around her shoulder, and Jasmine tried not to get too comfortable in his embrace. It wasn’t easy. Luke was warm-blooded, and the possession in the way his arm tightened around her waist sent Jasmine’s nerves into a frenzy.

“Donovan, do you mind?” Jasmine said, speaking to one of her security guards.

Donovan glanced around and snapped his fingers. The remaining guards rotated, getting in a position that would allow Jasmine to take her picture and not be crushed by the crowd that spread around her.

“On three,” Donovan said.

He counted down, and everyone smiled wide. Jasmine glanced over at Luke just as Donovan snapped his picture. To the side of them, the remaining camera crews and photographers also took pictures. Feeling her eyes on him, Luke glanced down at her. With his free arm, Luke lifted his hand to her face and swept a few strands of hair out of her eyes to rest behind her ear. They stared at each other, and then Luke pushed a kiss against her forehead. Jasmine’s eyes closed as his warm mouth sizzled her flesh. Neither of them cared that tomorrow’s newspaper would likely have a thousand frames of them in this sudden rapture, at least not now.





Chapter Four





“Let’s talk about Chicago’s next elite wedding,” the news anchor said with eagerness.

“We will definitely get into Phoebe Alexandria Rose and Quentin Davidson’s wedding but first!” the co-anchor paused for dramatic effect, “let’s discuss the kiss we all witnessed live this morning from Jasmine Alexandria Rose and mayoral candidate Luke Steele.”

Both of the women smiled with a conspiratorial nod.

“Do you think we have a romance brewing between the two?”

The co-anchor perked even further with a beam so wide it brightened her eyes.

“I don’t know. If you ask me, they sure looked comfortable.”

“I think so, too. How fairy-taleish would it be for Jasmine and Luke to fall in love right behind their sister and friend?”

“Is fairy-taleish a word?”

The co-anchor dropped her head and laughed then glanced back at the camera. “No folks, for all of you grammar Nazis out there, I just made that up.”

The other woman laughed, and Jasmine shook her head as she stood in the living room that she shared with Phoebe and Eden, watching the broadcast on the high definition television.

“It wasn’t even a kiss,” Jasmine mumbled.

“Well, the case can be made that it wasn’t a direct mouth to mouth kiss,” the co-anchor added.

“Thank you!” Jasmine said, tossing her hand up and speaking as if the women could hear her.

“But it was the forehead kiss. You remember in that movie, which was it?” the woman thought for a moment. “The Best Man!” she shouted as if she’d won a prize. “The forehead kiss is everything. It’s like a profound admittance of love in every aspect that makes up a person.”

The co-anchor listened intently, and she continued to have Jasmine’s full attention.

“It symbolizes love, appreciation, respect, adoration for everything the receiver is. It’s that type of love that can’t be replaced with another. It’s an end of time type of love, the kind that never breaks even if you and that person are a million miles away.”

The co-anchor crooned, and Jasmine’s heart leapt in her chest. It hadn’t taken the next morning to see their display of affection called into question, and truthfully, if Luke had asked for a kiss, Jasmine would’ve obliged. It was something about him that tempted her to no end, even now as she stood dressed to the nines in a fire engine red V-neck Jovani cocktail dress. Her smooth brown shoulders were bare as the V in the dress was leveled with her breasts, exposing her skin in a straight line all the way down to the peak of her navel. Though her bosom was covered, a hint of side cleavage was also exposed from the deep V, and the satin material of the racy dress was puffed just enough to keep her bodacious hips and thighs hidden. Jasmine sauntered to the full-length mirror in the hallway and second-guessed her look. The cocktail dress was beautiful against her mahogany brown skin. It paused right at the top of her knees, and her silky legs ran the distance to her feet that poured into a pair of Christian Louboutin’s. Jasmine’s eye fluttered up to the chain of diamonds that raced around her neck, matching the studs that sat in her earlobes.

It was her first official date with Luke, and she wanted to make an impression. There wasn’t a need to question herself about it. Jasmine knew this day was inevitable, and she also knew why she’d waited so long to accept that it would happen. However, Jasmine could no longer run. It was beating her soul every time she escaped. If this were a mistake, she would know soon enough. Jasmine let out a long sigh and teased her hair, bouncing the curls in the palms of her hands.

The news anchors continued to chat about what was going on between she and Luke when the doorbell rang. Jasmine took in a rushing breath and walked to the door then opened it. A waft of Japanese honeysuckle flew across her nose, and the scent caused Jasmine’s mouth to water instantly as her eyes fell to a close. When she reopened them, her gaze rested against the confidence of Luke’s strong shoulders and the thick pillar that was his neck. Jasmine had an instant thought to sink her teeth into his throat, but the urge shifted when her eyes met his, and suddenly, Jasmine became transported in the lock of his smoldering gaze.

She opened her mouth to speak and smile at the same time, but it just revealed the nervousness she felt.

“Good evening, Princess,” Luke’s dark voice drummed. His eyes explored her length, and Jasmine shivered under his close analysis. She witnessed the thick lump of his Adam’s apple glide up then down his masculine throat as Luke’s gaze continued to simmer and study her exposed flesh.

Just like that, Jasmine’s mouth dried completely as she was momentarily swept up by the piercing claim of his eyes. His tongue left the shelter of his mouth to taste the corner of his magnificence lips, and Jasmine wished for a half a second it was her skin his tongue explored. She cleared her throat and tried to swallow the sand that had become her tongue.

“Good evening,” she responded, her voice unrecognizable through the deep sensuality of the trembling tone. She hadn’t missed that he’d referenced her as Princess, something he’d been doing since her sixteenth birthday. Originally, Jasmine had wanted to believe that Luke only did that to show her the importance of her womanhood. When they were younger, Jasmine’s brothers had made a pact with each other. While they knew they were not the perfect role models because of their lady-killer ways even as youngsters, the Rose men wanted their sisters to understand how important they were as women and how they should be respected as such.

They had no idea that Jasmine, Phoebe, and Eden had been secretly listening from the other side of the door. That was what little sisters were supposed to do anyway, sneak and be nosy when it came to their siblings. There were a few times when they’d been caught, and during those times Luke or Jacob had threatened to tie them up with duct tape or throw them over the stone veranda at Luke’s parents’ home. Although it never happened, it wasn’t something Jasmine was prepared to experience, so she would take flight and run so fast one would swear she was running a marathon. Looking at Luke’s gorgeous face and intense hazel eyes now remixed what Jasmine thought she knew about that term of endearment coming from Luke. Had he been attracted to her all along?

It was typical for the little sister and friend of her brother to “like” each other, but it wasn’t something that normally lasted a lifetime. Jasmine’s reverie shifted to Phoebe and Quentin. Could it be possible that she and Luke…

“I probably should have told you this ahead of time,” Luke said, “but when I said we were going to dinner, I meant alone.”

Jasmine’s thoughts were pulled back on the moment before her.

“Alone?” she questioned.

Luke’s eyes drove down her skin again, and his jaw locked as he coached his screaming libido to calm. Finding his strength, Luke nodded.

“Alone,” his dark voice echoed. “There will be no other attendees, so no formal attire was required. I apologize for leaving that out.”

Jasmine’s lips curved, and her smile complemented the highlight of her eyes. A double beat in Luke’s chest made him reach out to her, his hands slipping around her neck. Instead of pulling her to him, he took the only step toward her that closed the brisk opening between them.

“You’re so fucking beautiful, Jas,” he said, leaning down and slipping his mouth over her soft lips.

Jasmine felt blood surge from her fingertips to her toes as his mouth covered her with a passionate massage. The saccharine intoxicating musk of his body overwhelmed her, and a riveting heat shot to her stomach in a wild swirl. Her lips popped off of his as she lifted her head, and a moan escaped simultaneously.

“Luke—”

“I’m …” Luke couldn’t find his apology. It would be a lie if he were to speak it. “I can’t …” he held her mouth close to his.

Their eyes met and stayed there as Luke continued to grasp on to her neck with both of his hands. He caressed her flesh with the pad of his thumb, shooting another stimulating blaze down Jasmine’s body. Her nipples were hard as ice, and her body vibrated softly.

Jasmine needed them to slow down, but the disturbance in her soul was too far gone now. “Shit,” she cursed, reaching for his face in turn. Jasmine’s lips reconnected with his as she brought his hovering face back to her mouth. What composure she had left was shattered with the craving of his aperture, and his tongue sketched the full softness of her lips. A growl trekked from the depths of his being, and his hands left her neck to trail down her back, concealing them so tightly that their breaths matched.

“Whoa.”

Jasmine snapped her head back, and her lips popped off of Luke’s. She turned her head toward the invading voice to find Eden standing there with her mouth open and a sly smile etched at the corners of her lips. Luke could hardly care. Their disconnection left him feeling bereft, and all he wanted was to find that link again.

Jasmine cleared her throat. “I thought you would be out for the night?” she said to her sister.

Luke straightened his posture but had a hard time releasing Jasmine. The need to feel her in some way was overbearing, but he wrestled the urge to ignore Eden and kiss Jasmine shamelessly one more time.

“I was, but I left my cell phone at home, so I came back to get it.” Eden shrugged. “You know, in case of an emergency.”

This is usually the part where Jasmine would tease her doppelganger with “You mean in case Derek calls.” However, Jasmine was in no position to be a mocker.

“Excuse me if I’m interrupting.” Eden glanced from Jasmine to Luke, her eyes shimmering with a knowing gaze. “If I need to get a hotel for the night, let me know now so I can make the arrangements.”

Her insinuation made Jasmine’s cheeks heat. Jasmine was not a shy person, in no shape, form, or fashion. But when in the company of Luke, Jasmine noticed she became a full-fledged pile of nervous energy. Blushing, feeling coy like a complete girl as if she wasn’t a headstrong boss in her own right. Sometimes she felt foolish, but there was nothing she could seem to do about it. Luke had that effect on her.

She lifted her shoulders and held her chin up and responded like she thought a boss would.

“Do you think I need to send my little sister off to a hotel if the need arises for me and Luke to spend time alone?” Her laugh was deep and throaty. “Of course not, or did you forget I own a full condominium downtown?”

Eden’s smile widened. “Little sister?” she said as if that was the most important thing Jasmine had said. “You’re a full two minutes older than me,” she scoffed.

“It still makes you the little sister.”

Eden rolled her eyes. “Okay, big sis.” Eden glanced at Luke, but his hungry gaze was still leveled on Jasmine.

“Looks like you may need those keys after all,” Eden said.

Luke glanced at Eden. “Good evening, Eden.”

“Oh, he speaks,” she joked.

Luke chuckled. “That I do.”

Well, you’re looking mighty suave.”

Eden nodded as she eyed Luke over in his semi-formal suit jacket, open neck button down shirt, and the absence of his usual tie. A Rolex wrapped around his wrist to bling just from underneath the cuff of his jacket, and his beige straight leg pants were a gift to the eye the way they sat against his toned thighs. Eden wasn’t blind for sure; Luke was hot, but her “big sister” had pulled out all the stops in that red fuck me dress. Clearly.

“I’ll get out of your way.” Eden strolled to the door, and Jasmine stepped out of the entryway.

“You’ll lock the door behind you?” Jasmine asked.

“Yes, big sister.”

Jasmine twisted her lips. “Have a good night,” she said.

“You have a better one.”

Luke slipped his hand around Jasmine’s waist to rest against the small of her back. Together, they strolled forward, loading the elevator and riding to the first floor.

Jasmine glanced over at him. “You said we would be alone for dinner. What did you have in mind?”

Luke’s succulent lips spread into a devilish smile.

“I think it’s better if I show you.”

“Mmmm, keeping secrets, huh?”

“I wouldn’t call it a secret. More like a surprise.”

Jasmine’s arched brow lifted. “I like surprises,” she said.

“I was hoping you would.”

The doors dinged and opened.

“After you.”

Jasmine stepped off the crane, and her legs carried her in a sultry sashay across the lobby of her building. Luke congratulated himself on not swallowing her whole moments ago. When Jasmine had opened the door in that dress, Luke was sure he was a goner. It didn’t take much for Jasmine to rev his engine, but this little red number she wore must have been meant to bring him to his knees. That’s exactly where he saw himself going once he’d grabbed her neck and captured her mouth. Jasmine’s first plea to him halted his advance, but when she’d reneged, Luke felt danger filling his veins. He’d waited so long for her it was impossible in that moment to stop himself.

It was only by the grace of Eden’s interruption that Luke was forced to stand down. Truthfully, Luke should’ve asked Jasmine to change. Being with her alone tonight would already be a challenge, but in this dress, he was likely to get them both in trouble. Not that he would mind. The thing was, it was understandably evident that Jasmine was trying to warm up to the idea of she and Luke breaking the ice. And that was not the problem. He was the problem. Luke prided himself on being a man of patience and diligence, so though he didn’t want to rush Jasmine, every inch of him craved her, and Luke wondered where his strength truly relied. It was as if an anomaly transformed Luke from his calm, perseverant demeanor to the dominate, unruly primitive male that lay beneath the surface.

They exited the building and climbed into the back of a limousine that waited by the curb. Once comfortably inside, Jasmine crossed her legs, and the hem of her red dress rose up her thighs midway.

The chauffeur pulled away from the curb, and Luke transferred his gaze from the parting scenery to Jasmine’s glorious silhouette.

“For our next date, I propose that you wear corduroys, woman.”

Jasmine’s brow arched, and she tossed her head back and laughed. The long arch of her neck mixing with the binding skin between her exposed breasts sent heat shooting to Luke’s dick, making him hard as a steel frame. Her laughter tingled his ears, wreaking crazy havoc on his loins, and he watched her beauty light up in the dark cab of the limo like fireworks in the midnight sky. Luke exhaled and inwardly worked to dial down the drum of his unsteady heart.

“You should know I’m not kidding,” he said.

Jasmine’s laughter resided, and her eyes leveled on the seriousness of his gaze.

“I know,” her throaty voice wielded. “I apologize.”

Luke peered at her.

“I wanted to make a good impression.”

She almost couldn’t believe she admitted that.

Luke’s stare blazed through her, then he glanced at the space between them.

“Come here,” he said.

Slowly, Jasmine scooted down the limo’s seat until her hips grazed his hard thighs. She glanced up at him, drowned in the sweet and spiciness of his fragrance and stinging gaze.

“You smell great,” she uttered, her voice deeper than it had been when laughter was on her tongue. “You look good, too.” Her hands slipped up to take hold of the low collar on his jacket. Very debonair,” she finished.

“Thank you, Princess. What if I told you I changed three times trying to figure out what to wear?”

Jasmine’s mouth parted on a low throaty chuckle. “I’d ask why,” she said.

“That’s easy. I wanted to make an impression,” he confessed.

They detained each other in an inebriating stare that had an electric current popping between them. Their bodies hummed with a blistering awareness, and they both worked to keep their wits about one another for different reasons. Luke’s hands covered Jasmine’s wrists as her fingers continued to cling to his jacket collar. He lifted one hand to his mouth, offering a sizzling kiss on the back of her fingers.

“Thank you for canceling your plans today,” Luke said. “I know it wasn’t easy taking this step.”

Jasmine swallowed. “What step is that?”

Luke smirked. He had gotten used to Jasmine pretending as if she wasn’t aware of their chemistry, or as if she needed to be reminded what was going on between them with words when the sheer atmosphere around them remained utterly charged when they were together. However, he didn’t mind obliging her if that’s what she needed to know was happening.

“You’ve been dodging me, and I can’t figure out why. I’ve tried, often, but I’m left aloof.”

“I haven’t—”

Luke gave her a look. One that halted the lie that was sitting on the edge of her tongue. Jasmine swallowed.

“Why have you made me wait so long?” he asked, his voice dark and pleading. “I really need to know.”

Jasmine’s oxygen was stuck in her throat on a loop. She couldn’t speak for a long spell trying to shuffle it through to her lungs and back out again. On a long exhale, Jasmine removed her wrists from his palms and covered her belly with one hand while the other rested against her thigh. Her head dropped to her lap as she exhaled again in an attempt to calm the spirited beat thumping wildly from her chest.

“What are we doing, Luke?” She glanced up at him in search of the answer in his eyes before the words left his mouth.

He reached for the hand on her lap, covering it with his masculine fingers.

“What do you want to do, Princess?”

The limo crept into Luke’s neighborhood then pulled into an underground garage at what appeared to be an empty industrial building.

Jasmine had gone mute. She was afraid to say what she wanted. Never had she uttered the words out loud but only played with them in her head. The limo stopped, and soon after the door flung open. Luke glanced over at the chauffeur then slipped out of the back while holding on to Jasmine’s hand. Behind him, she also slipped out, and together, they walked toward a set of doors.

“What is this?” Jasmine asked.

The door opened to reveal an old-school elevator crane.

Luke glanced at her. “Soon,” was all he said.

They stepped onto the pulley, and Luke closed the doors then turned the switch that would take them to the top.





Chapter Five





When the doors opened, a small breeze drifted inside the crane. Luke reached for Jasmine’s hand, and she welcomed the warmth of his fingers as they slid around hers and locked together. They exited, and Jasmine’s brows knocked then brightened when she realized they were on the rooftop.

“Oh my God…” she whispered, taken by the opulence of their surroundings.

Luke watched her intently, knowing she would understand the meaning of this display. Jasmine released his hand and set off on a journey around the sixteen-story ridge. Candle lights were stationary around the roof’s edge, and roses of all kind were arranged around a single table like a field of love. The table was dressed in the finest linen, adorned with premium imported china.

“When did you have time to put this all together?” Jasmine asked dreamily.

“Let’s just say I’ve had it on standby for a while.”

Jasmine took her eyes from the fresh flowers to Luke.

“What does that mean?”

Luke smirked as Jasmine sank down to a closed legged squat, pulling a rose to the tip of her nose. She inhaled with her eyes closed then rolled the soft petals across her lips.

“It means I’ve been waiting for this day to come. Am I the only one?”

The rose stopped moving midway across her mouth.

“No,” she said, breathing in the fruity musk of the flower. “I have, too.”

Luke didn’t realize he was holding his breath until he released the built-up oxygen from his lungs.

Jasmine glanced over at him. “How did you know we would ever—”

“I didn’t, but a man can hope, can’t he?”

Jasmine’s pulse thumped in her throat. This conversation was inevitable, but still Jasmine found herself turning back to a safe repartee.

“These roses are in full bloom,” she said. “They been thumb pruned. They’re all singles, upright, no sprays in sight.”

She was talking the language of a rose enthusiast because what she held near to her heart was the love of gardening. A love that her mother also had, or so she was told. Unfortunately, Jasmine never had the chance to play in the garden with her mother since her life was prematurely taken in a home invasion while Jasmine was still a newborn. Though that was the case, gardening always seemed to bring her peace when her life felt swayed, but it especially made her feel close to her mother. Luke knew that, and she glanced at him, knowing he was intentionally feeding her spirit with the exhibition of flowers around her. It made Jasmine feel bad about her hesitance to move forward with Luke. From the first moment she’d known him, he’d only showed her the utmost respect and … her mind halted. She wanted to believe he loved her the way that she irrevocably loved him, but she would never ask, and even though this gesture was quite telling, the pressure of the inquiry was something she didn’t want to hold over him. Besides, if they were meant to be, then they would be. It’s what she reminded herself daily. It was the reason why she was even here with him to begin with.

“What do you want to do, Princess?”

Jasmine recognized the question as the same one he’d asked in the limo. The one she never answered. Jasmine rose to her feet as Luke strolled closer to her.

“I want what you want,” she said.

Luke’s prominent brow arched. “And what do I want?” he asked.

Jasmine swallowed. “Me.” She smiled, and Luke found a comedic opening.

“Oh, so you want you, too?”

The smirk on his face grew as Jasmine’s mouth opened, and her eyes rose.

“No, silly!”

Luke chuckled, and Jasmine swatted him. He grabbed her hand mid-swing and pulled it back to his lips for a kiss. Jasmine’s voice trembled from the heated layer of energy that poured over her from his hot mouth.

“I meant, I want you,” she professed.

Luke’s gaze seared her where she stood. Her words showering him with a gently growing fire.

“But—”

“No,” Luke said. He tugged her hand, pulling Jasmine into the cover of his mammoth chest. “Let this happen.”

Jasmine’s heart was in a race to damage her breastbone the way it thumped uncontrollably. They shared a penetrating stare.

“Let’s have dinner,” Luke said.

Jasmine nodded once without even trying to find her tongue.

“Are you hungry at all?”

He has no idea, Jasmine thought. She nodded again.

“Famished.”

They held on to another piercing look then Luke guided her with a hand at her back to the dining table. The soft breeze was barely there, but it was enough to sway the candle lights, dimming the ambience around them. Jasmine sat, and Luke adjusted her chair underneath her. He claimed his seat just as the elevator doors opened and a server pushed a metal cart out with dishes covered with tin tops.

“Good evening, Mr. Steele,” the server offered Jasmine a glance, “Miss Rose.”

“Good evening, Milo,” Luke and Jasmine responded together. “There isn’t a need to be so formal you know,” Luke added.

Milo had been Luke’s personal chef since Luke left his parents’ home in search of his future almost ten years ago. The two had a friendship that was as close as the ones he cherished with the Roses, and Luke wouldn’t change that for anything.

Milo nodded. “I know, but I prefer it.”

“You would prefer to be formal with me, but when I do the same, you give me that scowl you’re giving me right now.”

Jasmine’s laugh was as soft as a breeze, but the chime stoked Luke’s flame all the same. He glanced at her mouth before returning his attention to Milo.

“And you, sir, sound as if we’re in a relationship where everything has to be fifty-fifty.”

Luke’s gorgeous mouth spread, and a deep rumble left his gut, barreling a laugh into the night’s sky. Jasmine’s laugh also picked up, and Milo glanced at her then winked.

“For your dinner, Miss Rose,” Milo lifted the tray and sat the plate in front of Jasmine then removed the top. “Greek shrimp scampi fettuccine with garlic and feta.” The tangy buttery scent hit Jasmine’s nose, making the hairs on her neck stand.

“Mmmm,” she moaned, “this smells delicious.” Her mouth watered. “I can hardly wait for Luke to get his meal before I dig in.”

Luke and Milo chuckled.

“I do hope you enjoy it, madam,” Milo responded. He turned his attention back to Luke. “And for you, Mr. Steele,” Luke smirked at Milo’s insistence to be formal with him. Milo added Luke’s tray in front of him and removed the top. Steam rose as Milo introduced the dish. “Steak Moutarde with mushroom gravy and roasted sweet potato wedges.”

“Thank you, sir,” Luke said.

“Would either of you like a glass of Dom Perignon?”

Luke and Jasmine glanced between each other.

“We would,” Luke decided, “but I’ll take care of it from here.”

Milo nodded and took a step back, removing the cart from the table’s side. He reached below and lifted a bucket of ice with a cold bottle of Dom Perignon sitting inside.

“I will return shortly with dessert,” Milo said.

“Thank you,” they said in unison.

Milo disappeared quickly, and Luke reached across the table, taking Jasmine’s hands in his.

“Shall we pray?”

“Of course.”

They bowed their heads, and the drum of Luke’s voice petitioning to God for blessing, nourishment, guidance, and spiritual protection cloaked Jasmine’s skin with a populating buzz. How could she be having second thoughts about building with him when her heart told her Luke was everything she needed? Not only that, but he seemed manufactured for her specifically. The feeling was so strong, yet there was that one thing in the back of her mind that said otherwise. It unnerved her and almost made her lose focus on the prayer.

“In Jesus Christ’s name, Amen,” Luke’s voice thundered.

“Amen,” Jasmine repeated. “Whew,” she said, “you almost took me to church with that one.”

Luke’s grumbling laugh made her flesh respond with a slight tremble.

“You say that as if you’ve never heard me pray before.”

“This time it was different.”

“Yeah, how so?”

“Because we’re different,” she said. “Because this is different.”

Luke understood, and Jasmine lifted her fork and dug into her Greek shrimp scampi fettuccine. With a twirl of her fork, she rolled the pasta around her utensil then blew and took her first bite.

“Mmmm.” She closed her eyes and chewed, sending Luke’s nervous system spiraling like the pasta on the fork. “This is delightful. Shit,” she said.

Luke chuckled. “I’m glad you like it.”

“What is that extra flavor in there?”

“Lemon,” he said.

“My goodness, the things a little lemon can do.”

They chuckled, and Jasmine took another bite of her food, then moaned again with closed eyes. When she reopened them and found Luke staring at her, she licked her full lips.

“Are you going to eat or just watch me?”

“I haven’t decided yet.”

Jasmine eyed his mouth.

“That’s not fair.”

“Why is that?”

“Then I don’t get to watch you eat, and you’ll starve.”

Luke chuckled. “Trust me, I’ve been starving for a long time.”

The air around them fused as they had another intense stare down. Deciding to oblige her, Luke removed his fork and knife from the cloth napkin then cut into his steak. He wrapped the meat in the mushroom gravy sauce then closed his hard mouth around the tool. The stretch of his masculine jaw as he chewed had the same direct effect on Jasmine that her consumption had on him. Damn, she thought. Had he always seemed so appealing when eating before?

“Good?” she asked.

“Excellent,” he responded.

A small hint of a smile curved the corner of Jasmine’s lips. They ate in silence for a spell, both tossing around their own conversational forward progress inwardly.

“Champagne?”

“Yes,” Jasmine said. She needed something to remove the nervousness she felt.

While Luke popped the cork and poured their champagne, underneath the table, Jasmine crossed and uncrossed her legs, unable to pull it together. Luke sensed her anxiety. Jasmine was right; this was different from the many dinners they’d had as a family in his or her father’s home. It was different than the group outings or even the few times they were alone while waiting for someone to show up; because during those times, Luke and Jasmine’s level of friendship hadn’t moved past camaraderie. He attempted to calm her by delving into a topic he knew would please her.

“I know you had a meeting at City Hall today. Were you able to speak with a council member?”

Jasmine was happy for the reprieve. “I can hardly call it a meeting. It was more of me sitting there for hours on end listening to them talk about budgets. They knew I was there, but it felt like they were trying to keep the meeting going so I wouldn’t get the chance to pull one of them to the side and ask questions.”

Luke nodded then reclaimed his seat. Jasmine lifted the flute to her mouth and took a hefty gulp.

“That’s probably because the last time you cornered them, it turned into an interview. You’re like a political shark. No one wants to be caught on camera answering questions that were never meant to be asked.”

Jasmine’s brow lifted then she smirked. “That’s exactly why I inquire.”

Luke chuckled.

“It makes no difference,” she continued. “My small group will find out about anything that involves the council members or the candidates running for office.”

“How’s that going?”

Jasmine re-crossed her legs and sat back against her chair. Luke forced himself to keep his gaze on her soft brown eyes and not the exposed flesh between her breasts.

“As you know, Incumbent Samuel Jenkins is scrambling to make his office appear as clean as possible.”

“Is it?”

“For the most part, it is.”

“I feel a but… coming.”

“But nothing is ever squeaky clean. Either way, he’s the least I’m worried about.”

“Nothing is ever squeaky clean?” Luke asked. “Do you think I can run a clean office?”

Jasmine lowered the flute from her lips. “Of course. That’s not what I meant.”

“Are you saying that because you believe it to be true or because you love me?”

Jasmine’s thoughts shook on an intake of breath. Her mouth opened but nothing came out as a sheer coat of chills covered her flesh.

“I’m just kidding,” he said, deciding to rescue her.

Jasmine blinked repetitiously, but still, no words escaped her.

Luke grinned then spoke. “Who are you worried about?”

Jasmine was totally disoriented, but her common sense responded while her mind and heart continued to quake.

“Bruce McCarthy and Milton Brunner.” She spoke like an artificial intelligence recording. “They may be working together to take you and Jefferson White out of the race. But they’ve also received a few gifts within the last few months and tried to cover them with mediocre transactions.”

Luke frowned. “You’re saying they’re taking gifts from lobbyists for favors?” When Jasmine didn’t respond, Luke whistled. “That’s a pretty big accusation.”

Jasmine finally snapped out of her stupor. “But they are.”

Luke stared at her. “So, let me guess. By covering their tracks with mediocre transactions, you mean—”

“Paying twenty dollars for a one-million-dollar painting that is now hanging in Bruce McCarthy’s office.”

“How do you know it’s in his office?”

“Because I’ve seen it with my own eyes. We had an impromptu meeting.”

“You mean you caught him coming into the building, and he couldn’t ignore you.”

Jasmine smirked. “Exactly. He had one option, take my questions behind the closed doors of his office or take them on the front porch of his building.”

Luke chuckled and nodded. “Well played.”

Jasmine emptied the remaining champagne in her glass.

“Do you mind?” she said, asking for more.

Luke removed himself from the chair and poured Jasmine more bubbly. He watched her drink it halfway before he could sit the bottle back down.

“Is everything okay?” he asked.

Jasmine nodded but drank the rest of her beverage. She held her glass out, and Luke watched her sternly as he poured more. This time it was a meager sip that Jasmine took as Luke sat back down.

“Talk to me,” Luke said.

“I am talking to you.”

“No, you’re not. Whatever it is that’s bothering you, you’re holding on to it. But I’m right here. Our dinner situation is distinctive, but I’m still the same person you’ve always confided in when you were feeling indifferent.”

Jasmine avoided his eye contact and instead glanced over at the roof’s edge. Her arms crossed her chest, and her hands slid up her shoulders as if she meant to shake the cold off, except the breeze was warm.

“Talk to me, Princess.”

The silence around them went on for what seemed like forever.

“Something is evidently bothering you. What is it?”

Jasmine shifted in her seat. “It’s not me,” she lifted her eyes to him. “It’s you, Luke.”

Luke’s brows furrowed. “It’s me?” Confusion was etched in his features.

“We’re being honest here, right?”

“Certainly.”

“It’s really hard to explain.”

“I disagree. You just say the words that convey your thoughts.” He stared at her, and she stared back.

“Luke, I’m the type of woman who thrives on truths, trustworthiness, and clarity. Sometimes, I can be a bit bossy and—”

“Unrelenting, vulnerable, and concise,” Luke added. “You’re open, don’t beat around the bush, authentic, and treat your word as your bond. You uphold anyone you date to those same standards because you love yourself too much to accept anything less than. On Sundays, you attend church, talk to God every night, and have weekly meetings with your mother in the garden at your father’s home. You love your family, friends, and go out of your way to make the world a better place even if that’s standing on the front lines of a disastrous protest that can only turn violent in the end.

“Strawberry ice cream is your go-to snack when you’re feeling down, and the occasional party at a nightclub helps you wash the week off when it’s been heavier than you expected. You don’t indulge in meaningless flings or lead men on because it would disrupt the natural order of your straightforwardness. What I’m most interested in now is how does that affect what we have. Or better yet, how am I the problem because of these things?”

Jasmine was speechless. She was sure Luke knew her well but hearing him now revealed even more how much he meant to her.

“I’m just not sure if …”

“Please,” he said, “finish.”

“I’m not sure if you’re ready to be with one woman.”

Luke’s eyes widened in astonishment, and he sat back against his chair and exhaled a breath.

“You don’t trust me,” he said with comprehension.

Jasmine didn’t deny it, and Luke cleared his throat and forced the clenching of his gut to relax. After several seconds, Luke gathered himself from his initial shock.

“Why?”

“It’s not that I don’t trust you, it’s just, you’re too important to me. What if things don’t work out?”

“Jas, why are you thinking about what would happen if our relationship didn’t survive?”

“We have to consider what it would do to our friendship.”

“It would never happen.” The seriousness of his tone matched the edginess of his face.

“How can you say that?”

“Like I just did.”

Jasmine turned away from him and searched for the rooftop’s edge again.

“I’ll go out on a limb here and say I understand your concern, but for the sake of total transparency, nothing could come between you and me. Unless of course, it was you,” he said.

Jasmine turned back to him to find his gaze baring a blazing hole in her.

“I would never do anything to hurt you,” he added, “and I’m sorry that you don’t already know that.”

She saw pain in his face. Heard the aching of his words in his voice. “Luke, I didn’t mean to—”

He waved off her apology with a single sweep of his hand.

“If you’re done with your food, allow me to make sure you get home safely.”

Jasmine’s breath hitched, and she nodded. Luke rose from his seat, and Jasmine rose with him. With no more conversation between the two, Luke escorted her home and walked Jasmine to her condo.

At the door, Jasmine entered her key then turned around with an apology on her tongue.

“I’m—”

“Forget about it,” Luke said, his voice dark. His tone softened as he added, “You’re not in the wrong for having reservations about us. However, what I said still stands. I’ll never stop wanting you, Princess.” Luke reached for her face, and his fingers trailed down the side of her chin. “But if it makes you feel better, we can let this go and just remain,” he hesitated as if it pained him to say the words, “friends.”

Jasmine opened her mouth again, but Luke cut through her words one last time.

“Sleep on it.” He kissed her forehead and lingered there for an eternity. The heat from his mouth glazed her and wrapped around Jasmine’s flesh, causing her heart to race. When he pulled back, they stared at each other for another long minute. “Sweet dreams.”

He reached around her and opened the unlocked door, giving her an exit. Jasmine didn’t say another word; instead, she nodded then sauntered into the house with her thoughts moving a million miles a second. For a long minute, she stood with her back to him in the open doorway, but when she turned to finally say something again, Luke was gone.





Chapter Six





Standing on the track at the University of Chicago, Jasmine bent over and laced up the Nikes on her feet. The sun hovered high in the sky, and there was no current in the air. The full body workout suit was fitted to Jasmine’s curves, allowing her to be flexible as she bent and jumped in position doing a pre-run workout. She set the fitness tracker wristwatch and gave herself a silent countdown. With one foot in front of the other, she sprinted with lightning speed. Jasmine ran as if she was being chased down, her heart beating faster and faster. A bead of perspiration materialized on her forehead. The hair bun sitting on top of her head unraveled, leaving her curly ponytail flying in the wind. When she made it back to her starting point, her legs sped up. Thoughts of Luke were the only thing on her mind, causing her to run even faster. Was she unknowingly trying to run away from him? The track seemed to get shorter and shorter as Jasmine dashed around it four more times. The burn in her thighs screamed for rest, but Jasmine’s momentum ran high. When she finally came to a stop, Jasmine dropped down to her hands and knees. On all fours, she inhaled and exhaled deeply, trying to catch her breath.

“Wow, that was intense. I guess you couldn’t wait for me to get here, huh?”

Jasmine glanced at her sister Phoebe as she approached, also in workout gear. It was Phoebe that had suggested a few months ago that she, Eden, and Jasmine get together to run twice a week. At first, it was strange to them because Phoebe had always evaded the gym, but since becoming engaged to a fitness expert, her sister was all about staying fit. Eden complained tirelessly, then slowly she began to miss their workout sessions, citing a new client she had to deal with. Because Phoebe knew Eden ran a reputable interior design business, she allowed her sister the excuse, but it didn’t stop Phoebe from fussing at Eden during their weekly brunches.

“Sorry,” Jasmine said, still trying to catch her breath, “I’ve been slacking. I needed it.” She sat back on her legs in a crouch and dusted her hands off.

“You’ve got a lot on your plate,” Phoebe said.

Jasmine nodded.

“But,” Phoebe continued, “that’s not the reason your running like your life depends on it. What’s going on with you and Luke?”

“What makes you think there’s a me and Luke?” Jasmine glanced up at Phoebe, her breath still labored.

“Is there?” Phoebe asked.

Jasmine swallowed, unsure of how to proceed.

“Last night, I sort of told him I didn’t trust him.”

Phoebe’s soft gasp made Jasmine cringe slightly.

“After I told him, he seemed to draw away from me.”

“Can you blame him? Why would you tell him that?”

“It’s the truth, Phoebe!”

Phoebe stared at Jasmine.

“You’ve never told me that before.”

“I haven’t told anyone until last night.” Jasmine sighed. “We were talking truth, right?”

Phoebe nodded.

“I’ve watched him date other women throughout the years. Our brothers may have tried to hide it, but we all saw them bounce from one woman to the next.” Phoebe opened her mouth to speak, and Jasmine held her hand up. “I get that your situation is similar, but honestly, Phoebe, I don’t believe in fairy tales. Regardless of the fact that I’m seeing them happen all around me with wedding after wedding. I’m happy for you and our brothers for finding the loves of your lives, but it would be just my luck that I draw the short end of the stick.” Jasmine blew out an exasperated breath. “You know what? Let’s talk about this later. Set the time for me,” she said, rising back to her feet.

“Don’t think this is the end of the conversation,” Phoebe said, stepping to the side. She set her watch and proceeded to countdown.

“Two, one!” When Jasmine took off again, her gallop wasn’t nearly as fast as it was before, but she was persistent. After making it back to Phoebe, her sister joined Jasmine’s sprint. Jasmine tried running to Phoebe’s jog, but it wasn’t fulfilling. Instead, Jasmine shot forward, and it was Phoebe who matched Jasmine’s dash. With the wind blowing in her face, Jasmine felt exhilarated, but instead of going another round, both women stopped at the finish line.

Phoebe collapsed to the ground. “Girl, I have been running all week, and I haven’t felt this exhausted! You’ve never run that fast! Are you trying to kill me or what?”

Bent over with her elbows resting on her thighs, Jasmine laughed. “I didn’t tell you to run with me. You could’ve stayed at your own pace.”

“And have you show me up, yeah right!” The women laughed. “Now help me get off this track.” Phoebe reached for Jasmine’s hand. Jasmine pulled Phoebe to her feet, then they both grabbed their towels, water bottles and patted their faces as they walked around the path to the front of the school.

“Back to our conversation,” Phoebe started. “I get it, Jasmine. Trust me, I do.”

“Do you?”

“Yes. Just because I was gung-ho on being with Quentin doesn’t mean I didn’t have doubts. Like you said, we’ve all watched them party and date other women. But I know you love Luke.”

“Yes, I do,” Jasmine said. “It’s awful.”

Phoebe twisted her lips. “That’s not exactly how I would describe someone I love.”

“I mean it, Phoebe. I’ve never loved someone like this. You know I’ve had few men in my life or boys,” Jasmine reiterated, “but with Luke, I feel connected to him in a way that moves my spirit. My spirit, Phoebe.”

Phoebe nodded. “I hear you.”

“It’s uncanny. I think it’s dangerous.”

Phoebe stared at the way her sister trembled and the frightened look in her eyes. “You’re terrified,” Phoebe said somberly.

This time, Jasmine nodded. “Never been afraid of anything in my life. Not like this. If he … if we …” Jasmine stared at her sister. “I’d be broken, and I don’t mean the type of break where time passes, and you get over it. I mean the type of break that overcomes you.” Jasmine’s voice cracked, and a mist of tears clouded her eyes.

“Oh my God, Jasmine.” Phoebe pulled her sister in for a tight-knit hug. Jasmine’s arms tightened around Phoebe, her body unsteady as she cried.

“This is ridiculous,” Jasmine said, “nothing’s happened, and I’m a mess.” Jasmine pulled back then dropped her hands. “He asked me why I’m thinking about what would happen if our relationship didn’t work out, but this is real life! I don’t understand how he can’t.”

“It’s because he knows.”

Jasmine held her attention on Phoebe.

“Knows what?”

“Better,” Phoebe said.

Jasmine exhaled a long breath.

“He’d have to deal with our father, and more terrifying, our brothers. But besides that, I don’t believe he would go after you if there were any hesitancy that you were the one.”

Jasmine’s gaze lingered on Phoebe, and Jasmine shivered again. “You really believe that?”

Phoebe nodded. “I do, dear sister, but the real question is, do you believe it?”

Jasmine braced her hands on her hips.

“Are you willing to let this thing between you two go because of the possibility of its failure? Or are you gonna give it all you got? Where does your heart lie?”

Phoebe didn’t need her sister to answer the question, and Jasmine could grasp as much. However, as she stood there thinking about Phoebe’s questions, the answer had been there all along.

“I’ve gotta go,” Jasmine said, turning to jog toward her waiting chauffeured car and the group of security who stood watching from the short distance.

“Hey!” Phoebe yelled.

Jasmine turned around.

“Call me!”

Jasmine gave her two thumbs up and ducked off in the backseat of the car.

Phoebe watched as it pulled away from the curb and she whispered, “Follow your heart, sis.”





Luke Steele for Mayor

Downtown Office





Luke’s night had been agonizing, but you couldn’t tell it by his calm demeanor and take-charge attitude when he entered the office that morning. Luke studied the map of Chicago that was stretched across the wall of his campaign office. The suit jacket he usually wore was absent, and the button-down shirt hugged the muscles in his shoulders, back, and biceps. His hands were tucked leisurely inside his pants pockets, and a lone black tie was knotted around his thick neck. He’d made it in early, needing to transition his thoughts from Jasmine to his close mayoral race between he and Incumbent Samuel Jenkins. According to the numbers, the current mayor had a real chance of winning this race, and if Luke didn’t get his head in the game, he would surely lose.

“We’re so close.”

It was Sarah Middleton who’d spoken. She stood seconds beside Luke, studying the same map on the wall.

“But if we don’t get volunteers in this area here,” Luke pointed to the west side of Chicago, “we stand to lose.” He grimaced at the reality.

“We’ve given it our best shot. Or I should say, you’ve given your best,” Sarah said.

“Now that doesn’t sound like something that should be considered when the race is not over yet.”

Both Luke and Sarah turned around to see Jasmine standing in the doorway. Where Luke felt invigoratingly refreshed, Sarah’s annoyance was crystal clear by the way her eyebrows dropped, and her mouth thinned into slits.

“Jas, what are you doing here?” Luke’s baritone voice asked.

“I said I would join your campaign yesterday, remember?”

Luke did remember, but he didn’t see that coming after last night.

“You said it yourself, my word is bond, so here I am.”

“Jas, you don’t have to hold yourself accountable for that. I’m well aware of your schedule.”

“Oh really?”

Jasmine strutted toward him in blue jeans that rounded the curves in her hips and a custom V-neck shirt that said Luke Steele for Mayor.

“Well,” Jasmine said, “it just so happens that my schedule has opened up, and all of my interviews have been postponed until after this race.” Jasmine shrugged. “So, it looks like I have a bit of free time on my hands.” Her approach was coy but intentional. Once she’d breached his personal space, Jasmine turned her face upward to gaze into his hazel brown eyes. “If you have room for a few more.”

Luke’s tongue traveled across his pearly white teeth, stopping midway. He sucked air through them then folded his beautiful thick lips and rubbed them together.

“I’ll always have room for you,” he said.

Jasmine’s pulse thumped, and she smiled wide.

“In that case, my team is ready and prepared to touch the ground on the west side. If you’d like, you can ride out there with us today to help shake things up a bit. Talk about throwing a curveball in Samuel Jenkins’ plans.”

Luke smiled in return. It amazed him how Jasmine had the power to turn him on or make him bow to her wishes.

“It’s a known fact that Mayor Jenkins has the west side on lock. No amount of showing face will change that so late in the race,” Sarah said, half-annoyed, half-smug.

Jasmine cut her eyes at Sarah. “Whose campaign are you working on?” Jasmine asked. Sarah opened her mouth, but Jasmine cut her off. “Or maybe you’d rather be working to re-elect Incumbent Samuel Jenkins.” Sarah opened her mouth to protest. “Because the way I see it,” Jasmine continued, “around here, Luke Steele is our mayor, and if you don’t know, you’d do well to recognize.”

Luke’s head tilted to the side, and his brow rose as he stared at the disdain on Jasmine’s face. Shit, that turned him on even more; if it was in her plans to stay his friend, Jasmine was doing a horrible job at making him not want her all the more.

Sarah didn’t speak again, and Jasmine turned back to Luke.

“I’m ready whenever you are.”

Luke reached around her, his chest grazing hers as he retrieved his jacket. Jasmine shuddered at their brisk touch, and Luke stared down into her eyes.

“Let’s roll,” his deep voice drummed.





Chapter Seven





It had taken them no time to get to the west side, but the atmosphere in the car crackled from the moment Luke’s muscular thigh grazed against Jasmine’s hips. They along with a procession of vehicles cruised with signs all over the automobiles that read Luke Steele for Mayor. The all black, tinted window sedans and SUVs gave the impression that someone important was riding along as if it were the presidential motorcade. They pulled to the curve in front of Samuel Jenkins’ campaign office once they arrived. Luke gave Jasmine a questionable glance.

“I figured since we were going to be in his neighborhood, we might as well stop by and say hi.” Her lips spread into a sneaky smile.

“You figured, huh? What are you up to, Princess?”

Jasmine quivered at his reference. “Stopping by would make you appear to be a good sport. We know cameras have been following you and Samuel Jenkins since this race began. Now that we’re down to the final two weeks before voting, it would look good on your part to smile, wave, and let the cameramen know when they surround you, that you were in the neighborhood and wanted to stop by and shake hands with Mr. Jenkins.”

“You’re painting me out to be the good Samaritan. That’s brilliant,” he said.

“But you are the good Samaritan. No one deserves that office more than you.”

Luke’s ruggedly handsome face warmed, and he reached for her, his massive hand covering the full side of Jasmine’s face. Luke was well aware of what he’d told Jasmine the night before. That if she wanted to remain friends, they could. Unfortunately, that truth was quickly becoming a lie. After getting minimal sleep, Luke knew it could never happen. How could he be friends with someone he’d loved for an eternity? How could he watch her date other men? Even worse, witness her wed someone else.

The thought of it had tightened his throat the night before, drowning him. Luke was a man crippled as he fell to one knee. His strong hand reached for his throat as if trying to pry oxygen into his mouth. When that didn’t work, Luke balled his fist and beat his chest in an attempt to jump-start his lungs into expansion. Alas, he’d wielded the strength residing in him, and stalked into his kitchen then retrieved a bottle of water, swigging it down within a matter of seconds. The fresh squall of air and cold fluid replenished him, turning Luke from a dark pale death to his golden bronze complexion. A cold shower helped the buzz inside him calm, but the headache had remained even as he drifted off to sleep for the two hours that was allotted to him.

The last thing Luke wanted to do was tell her if they couldn’t be more than friends, then they couldn’t be friends at all. It would sound harsh, like an ultimatum, but Luke’s sanity was on the line. Craving her from afar would be unhealthy. He couldn’t. He wouldn’t.

“Jas—”

“I want what you want,” Jasmine interrupted. “I’m sorry. I don’t mean to be difficult, and it’s not like I don’t trust you with me, I just didn’t know where your heart lies. It is possible to adore a person and still make a mistake. I’ve seen it happen too many times before.”

“But I would never.”

Jasmine smiled softly. “I think I know that now.”

“You think?”

Jasmine pursed her lips. “I had time to rest on it, and the fact is, I don’t want to be with anyone other than you. Period.”

Relief flooded him as if life had been restored in his heart. Luke sank his forehead into hers, and they stared at each other.

“You have just made me the happiest man alive.”

Jasmine smiled.

“Promise me you won’t take it back,” he said.

“I promise.”

Luke’s heart tugged, and their breathing harmonized. Jasmine lifted to meet Luke’s hard mouth, needing to taste his lips again. His body torched, and uncontrollably his mouth covered hers, sucking her in with absorbing ferocity. His tongue found refuge in her sweet opening as he tasted every inch of her mouth.

“Mmmm,” Jasmine moaned. Her pussy thumped, and her nipples receded into firm pebbles. Luke wrapped her waist in the comfort of his solid arms, sheltering her back with his manly hands as he pulled her so close their heartbeats knocked against each other.

Jasmine covered his face with her hands, and his beard rubbed callously against her soft palms.

“Baby,” she said in between breaths. “We have to … oh…” she moaned again when Luke’s lips feathered down her chin, to her neck. “Oh …” Jasmine’s body incinerated, and before she knew it, Luke’s fingers penetrated her shirt and dug into her flesh with a vice-like grip. He was sliding her inch by inch up the incline of his rigid body onto the solid foundation of his hardened lap. He smothered her lips with a demanding mastery and lost himself in the cove of her mouth. Jasmine’s arms slipped over the hills in his colossal shoulders and wrapped around his manly neck. Their breathing was hot and heavy, leaving their lips burning like lava. A knock on the door shook their momentum, and with heaving lungful’s of air, they both pulled apart and stared at one another. Luke’s gaze simmered right through Jasmine, and the heat from his mouth still lingered on her flesh.

Jasmine’s chest rose then fell, his kiss leaving her weak and discombobulated. She glanced at the window to see one of her group members, Sandy, standing at the door waiting for them to get out or roll the window down.

“They can’t see us,” Luke’s dark voice growled, his gaze still on Jasmine. “The tint is impenetrable.”

Jasmine’s eyes drifted back down to Luke, heeding his insinuation. Her heart raced, pulse thumped, and pussy creamed thinking about being taken by him in the back seat of this truck in front of the current mayor’s office. The naughtiness in his gesture riled her up and made Jasmine want to toss the jeans she wore, but the sensible part of her wavered.

“Later,” she said. “We don’t want a scandal under your administration before it can even begin.”

Luke smiled and bit his bottom lip.

“Later?” he said, his libido on one thousand percent.

Jasmine nodded then unceremoniously shivered when the thick log of his dick prodded her from beneath.

“Luke …” she whispered, breathless.

Luke’s fingers leapt for her throat and pulled Jasmine slightly to meet his all-consuming mouth again.

“Okay,” he breathed against her lips. “Let’s do this.” He kissed her senseless again, and Jasmine was confused on whether they were doing the do, or, doing the meet and greet with the mayor. Her question was answered when Luke pulled from her mouth and shifted her back to his side. The move made Jasmine’s head spin, and she could only wonder what “later” would entail.





The meet and greet had gone better than Jasmine anticipated. After gathering themselves in the back seat, Luke and Jasmine eased out of the truck where Jasmine formally introduced Luke to her team.

“This is Sandy, Jessica, Morgan, Logan, and Thomas. They’ve been working nonstop to help me make sure our political offices are infiltrated with the best of the best. Now they’re here to help me help you win this election.”

Luke trained his eye on each one of them, greeting them individually with a handshake and a smile.

“We’re going to head inside, and they’re going to hand out flyers while we speak to Mr. Jenkins.”

Luke smirked. “They’re going to hand out flyers with Luke Steele for Mayor on them outside of the current mayor’s office?” he asked to be precise.

“Yes,” Jasmine stated matter of factly. “This is a race to the finish line. Nothing is off boundaries.” She thought for a moment. “Well, maybe family, but other than that …” Jasmine shrugged. “It’s fair game.”

Luke wanted to haul her in his arms again but resisted the urge when Mayor Samuel Jenkins stepped out of his headquarters. As if the cameras had been lying in wait, they popped out of nowhere, surrounding the two men with a mass of flashing lights and multiple questions.

“Mr. Steele, what is the purpose of your visit with Mayor Jenkins today?”

Another reporter asked, “Are you here to concede or issue a fair warning?”

Yet another asked: “Are you and Miss Rose an item?”

That last question seemed to be the only one to spark Luke’s interest. He glanced at Jasmine who suddenly appeared like she’d been caught in a web, and he winked. Heat filled her cheeks and spiraled down her center. No sooner than the questions left the reporters’ mouths were they then surrounded by another set of men. Jasmine’s security team, who were never far away. They eased into the circle, shifting the cameramen and reporters back.

Luke glanced at Mayor Jenkins without answering a single question from the reporters. He held his hand out, and Mayor Jenkins accepted it with a firm shake.

“Good morning, Mayor Jenkins,” Luke said. “I was in the neighborhood and decided to stop by. You’ve run a great campaign, and I want you to know whatever happens in the next coming weeks, I’m in favor of it one hundred percent.”

“Even if that means you lose this race?” Mayor Jenkins said. The fifty-nine-year-old man stood three inches shorter than Luke, with a medium-sized build and gray, greasy hair slicked back on his head as if he’d stepped out of a 1960s movie. Worn, wrinkled eyes indicated the mayor had a few sleepless nights during his term in office, but he held as much spunk as any young person.

“Because you will lose,” Mayor Jenkins went on.

Luke’s gregarious smile lifted his gorgeous brown iris.

“Even IF that happens,” Luke said, his demeanor commanding attention, “I will get behind you.”

“What about Bruce McCarthy, Milton Brunner, and Jefferson White? They are still in this race, too,” one reporter asked.

Both Luke and Samuel knew Bruce, Milton, and Jefferson were so far behind in the race, they didn’t have a chance, but they were both too polite to point that out.

“Whichever way this race ends, I’m behind it,” Luke stated again.

Jasmine smiled at him from the side while Luke said a few more words to the current mayor and waved for the cameras.

As Luke and Jasmine strolled down the block, Luke leaned toward Jasmine.

“I’m taking you out again tonight.”

Jasmine smirked. “Have I ever told you how demanding you are?”

Luke pretended to be appalled. “Me? No,” his thick voice grumbled.

Jasmine laughed, mouth opened wide. “Yes, you! You don’t even ask a girl out, just tell her it will be so.”

Luke’s grin spread. “Yeah, that is kind of rude, isn’t it?”

Jasmine shrugged. “Kind of.”

“This is the part where I’m supposed to apologize.”

Jasmine stopped walking. “So, are you?”

“Going to apologize?”

“Yes.”

“No.”

Jasmine’s mouth fell wide as she laughed again with an unbelievable shake of her head. Luke chuckled.

“I’d be lying if I apologized.” He stepped closer to her, getting right in her grill. “Because if I give you an option, you might back out on me, and I’m not letting you go again.”

Jasmine’s heart fluttered, and a warmth coursed through her blood. She glanced to find a cameraman in the distance still filming.

“We’re going to be on TV,” she said.

Luke shrugged. “Is that a problem for you?”

Jasmine licked her lips. “My father,” she paused. “My brothers will think,” she stuttered and reiterated, “they’ll know we um like each other.”

Luke straightened his posture but kept his gaze long and simmering on Jasmine.

“What?” she said, needing him to say something.

“Is that a problem for you?” he repeated, noticing she had avoided the question before.

Tight-lipped, Jasmine stared right back into the depths of his eyes. Luke’s brow rose.

“No,” she said finally. “I just thought we would discuss when we would tell everyone we’re …” she motioned with her hand in an attempt to explain what it was they were doing.

Luke let her fumble before grinning and rescuing her again.

“Will you be my girlfriend, Jasmine?”

Her smile was shy but unwavering as her heart beat recklessly in her chest.

“Yes,” she said.

Luke’s grin morphed into a mischievous smile. He leaned forward and put a hand up to his ear.

“What was that? I didn’t hear you.”

Jasmine giggled then half-rolled her eyes.

“I said YE—” Halfway through her declaration, Luke slipped his arms around Jasmine, bringing his mouth to hers in a titanic kiss that rocked her boat and melted every atom that made her human. She moaned into his mouth, and her body’s arousal shot forward, bending her back and weakening her knees as she fell into his iron-clad chest. One hand slipped up his rock-like barrier, and a swirl of tingles wrapped around her flesh as her pussy showered between her thighs. Without command, her other arm coiled around the stronghold of his neck, and Jasmine could literally not breathe without the oxygen his mouth released.

When Luke pulled away suddenly, it was on Jasmine’s massive intake of breath. With his mouth seconds from her lips, his deep voice spoke, “They know now, Princess.”

With a whistle on his tongue, Luke stepped back from Jasmine, winked, and glanced at the camera crew who had gotten closer. He waved, tossed his hands inside his pocket, then smirked over at Jasmine as he proceeded his stroll down the street. Still dazed, Jasmine touched her lips meagerly then also glanced at the rolling cameras. She smiled softly then rushed to catch up with Luke. When she made it to him, all Jasmine could do was blush. There wasn’t anything at that moment she considered worthy of her attention except for the nest of butterflies in her belly and the drowsy way she felt inebriated whenever Luke touched her.





Chapter Eight





For the remainder of that evening, Jasmine was quiet as a mouse watching Luke in action as he shook hands, took pictures, and had well-meaning conversations about appointing the superintendent officer and the implicit bias training the state’s police force would have to pass to continue serving the city of Chicago. She was proud, and the honor she felt being his woman officially gripped her heart like nothing she’d ever felt before. How she could’ve thought for a second that Luke would have the heart to hurt her was so foolish that Jasmine could smack her own self on the forehead. He was flawed in his own ways but perfect for her. The longer she was at his side, the more she believed it.

They’d gotten lunch with Jasmine’s team and a group of Luke’s volunteers, including Sarah Middleton who didn’t seem so thrilled about Jasmine and Luke’s little public display of affection. Luke didn’t seem to notice since whenever he wasn’t speaking politically, he was busy drinking up Jasmine’s gaze with a potent, vigorous stare of his own. He hadn’t kissed her since his undertaking back on the street earlier, but that didn’t stop Luke from reaching to grab her fingers or sweeping his hand down her back whenever they were close. He would touch her here and there, and that was enough to make Jasmine’s body react with abundant nervous energy. When it was time to head to Luke’s office, the ride over was interestingly silent. The noticeable space between them made Luke reach for her. When his brawny hand gripped hers, Jasmine jumped and blinked out of whatever reverie she was entertaining.

“What’s on your mind, Princess?” he asked.

“You,” she paused, “us,” she exhaled.

“What about us?”

Jasmine shrugged. “I just can’t believe this is happening.”

“Why?”

Jasmine quieted, and Luke found her coyness cute. Jasmine was every bit of the bold, extrovert type of woman. So, to see her bite her bottom lip like she was doing now, and blush with a bat of her eyes was thoroughly joyful to Luke. He’d always seen it but not at the level it was now. When Jasmine was younger, she was still vehement, using her voice to speak about the rights and wrongs of society or building a case for why something was unethical. If Luke hadn’t known any better, he would’ve thought Jasmine would be the attorney and not Phoebe. But Luke did know better. Jasmine wanted instant gratification for issues, and she would take her fight right to the door of the offender whether it was personal or the government.

It was the one thing that separated her from a career in litigation where one would have to wait months, maybe years to resolve an issue. Instead, the firecracker in her was built to be an activist, political or otherwise. Jasmine knew there was strength in numbers, and sometimes the right call to action could resolve an issue overnight regardless of how rare those instances were. He loved her strength, and it revived his will to take action alongside her often. However, during those years, Luke would also catch moments when Jasmine’s less edgy side revealed itself.

Particularly in the garden where he’d stumbled upon her a time or two having a conversation with her mother, Janet. Jasmine would be sitting in the orchard on a bench that was housed next to the maple oak tree of her father’s home. With her face toward the wind, currents sailed through her hair, and Jasmine’s eyes would be closed, leaving her vulnerability on complete display. Another time he saw her, she was knee deep in the ground’s earth with no mittens on as she helped their housekeeper and now stepmother Norma tend the soil. Where Norma would have gloves covering her hands, Jasmine wanted more than anything to connect with her mother, so she kept her hands bare and her thoughts focused on the task.

Each time after that, Luke made himself believe that it was a coincidence that he continued to come across Jasmine when she was in the orchard. But that was a cover. He’d secretly come to love seeing her so translucent, with no weight on her shoulders, no battle to fight, no outcry pouring from her. She was just a girl, innocent, justifiable, strong, ambitious, brave, independent even at a young age but also relaxed, feminine, affectionate, balanced, compassionate, idealistic, and most of all nurturing. It hadn’t taken much for Luke to fall in love with her, and the more he came to visit, the more he told himself watching her was an invasion of her privacy. He should leave and never return to interrupt the time she spent with her mother, and even though it pained him to do so, on what he’d talked himself into believing would be his last visit to spy on her had turned into something else altogether.

“I know you’re there,” Jasmine had said.

The fine hairs on Luke’s neck and arms rose, but he didn’t respond in case she wasn’t talking to him at all.

“I know you’ve been there all along,” she said again.

This time Luke was certain she spoke to him. Jasmine lifted her eyes from the soil and glanced toward the door.

“Luke, you can come out now.”

Luke’s ears tingled, and he smiled then quietly removed himself from the tall column by the door.

“How long have you known?” his deep voice thundered.

The softness in her face remained. “Depends, how long have you been coming by?”

Luke grinned and didn’t know if he should be ashamed to admit his next words. “For a while.”

Jasmine offered a soft smile. “That’s how long I’ve known,” she said.

Luke chuckled. “I apologize. I guess I’m not as good of a spy as I thought.”

Jasmine glanced back at the soil then rose to her feet, turning back to look at him. “No, you’re not, and I would never use you to infiltrate the bad guys and see what they’re up to.”

Luke’s chuckle turned into a rumbling laugh, and Jasmine giggled with him.

“If it makes you feel any better, this was the last time I was coming.”

Surprise registered across her face. “Oh, so you had no intentions of ever saying anything?”

Luke thought it over but was already privy to the answer.

“No. This is your time with your mother.”

The revelation hushed them both, and they stared at each other, Luke seeing the conflicting emotions now fluttering across Jasmine’s face and Jasmine trying to find a reason to be offended that Luke knew this but still sought to watch her. However, she didn’t feel offended, but she was interestedly piqued.

“Why are you here?” she asked.

Luke let out a breath that turned into a whistle and slipped his fingers into the pockets of his denim washed jeans.

“At first it was a mistake,” he said.

“And now?”

The truth was on his tongue but how would she take it? He strolled closer to her, coming just a hair from her mounting frame. Golden brown eyes bore into Jasmine, and with their breathing even, their attention remained with one another.

“Now, it’s an addiction that I can’t seem to shake.”

Jasmine’s heart thumped, and her pulse hastened.

“However,” he went on, “I know it’s wrong, and it won’t happen again.”

Jasmine exhaled. “Then that would be a shame,” she said.

Luke’s brow rose as he took in the meaning of her words. Before he could respond, Jasmine’s footing moved as she stepped toward him, slipping her hand up the blockade that protected his heart behind the solidly built muscle. She lifted to her toes, placing a small gesturing kiss on his warm lips. Luke stared down at her without returning the kiss. He was frozen, unwilling to believe it had just happened.

He’d imagined it. This, he was sure of, or maybe he’d mistakenly done it himself. “Forgive me,” he said feeling delusional.

Jasmine smiled. “Why do you need forgiveness when I’m the one who kissed you?” Something intense burned through his entrancement. Jasmine tilted again, and this time when her lips met his, so did Luke’s hand ride around her neck to grip the back of her head with snatching authority. The quick move made Jasmine yelp into a moan as his tongue trailed her lips in a scorching travel around her pouty mouth. She tasted of sweet raspberries, and Luke was sure her fruit must have been soaked in ethanol the way he fell into a drunken stupor from a mere partake of her mouth. He was powerless to resist her, and such an attraction would be perilous if discovered, but at the moment, Luke couldn’t care one iota. Their shared joining went on for a long minute before Luke snapped his head back with wide eyes and labored breaths. He held on to her but forced himself to let her go as he took a step back and removed his hands from her neck.

“Jesus,” he said. “I’ve gotta go.”

“Don’t.”

“Jas—”

“You haven’t been watching me this entire time because you wanted to run, and that’s not the man you are.”

“You don’t know what you’re saying.”

“I think I do.”

Luke’s gut gnawed at him. “It’s not the right time.”

“When is?”

“If you still feel this way in a few years, then maybe—”

“A few years?” she said exasperated. Jasmine was only eighteen at the time. Matter of fact, she’d just had a birthday.

“It’s the only way,” he said. She watched him retreat as if she were running behind him with a pitchfork. Her eyes filled with tears, and she looked at Luke’s response as a rejection. But Luke was in utter turmoil. He tried to erase Jasmine from his heart by being with other women, trying to find the mental fulfillment that he found with her. He needed to love someone else, it was imperative.

Jasmine was his friend but also his best friend’s sister. Besides that, she was too young and off limits. He had to erase her. It was a must however impossible that it seemed. It was as if Luke scoured the earth, looking for the one that would break the chain-linked bond between them. Years passed, and no one fit the bill. When the truth hit him hard, he ended up in limbo, knowing he would never find someone who could fill her shoes. He became disgusted with himself for trying to assign the place in his heart that could only be occupied by her. Luke went through it all: anger for loving someone he may never be able to have, fear of the unknown when it came to their future and the possibility that he’d ruined any way of them being together. Doubt crept into his soul. Was he even worthy of her affection? He was a man insane and sentenced to possible exile because of his own imprudent actions.

It had gone on and on until Luke decided to make up his mind that this would not be his life. That they deserved to love one another. He’d let her know she was what he needed to survive the time he was allowed on this earth no matter what it took.

He had spelled it out for her: “I consider myself a patient man. I’ll wait for you, and when the time comes, you’re mine.”

Ironically, the tables had turned. It would be Jasmine that ultimately halted the forward progress of their relationship, but Luke knew it was his fault. He’d allowed her to witness his numerous dates and spontaneous relationships throughout the years, and now he was determined to prove to Jasmine that she was the only person he had ever truly desired. If Luke were honest with himself, part of his reason to run for mayor was empowered by Jasmine, and it was the most beautiful thing to have found someone who could speak inadvertently to every part of your soul.

“I guess I’ve dreamed of this for so long that to be here in the moment is almost unbelievable,” Jasmine said, bringing Luke back as they continued their ride to his campaign office.

Luke understood her more than she knew.

“You don’t regret it already, do you?” he asked.

Jasmine laughed. “No, silly.”

“Well then why are you over there and not over here?”

Jasmine slipped across the seat with a blush covering her cheeks.

“It’s something I’ll have to get used to, so bear with me.”

“As long as you do the same when I reach out and grab you. Next time I might not ask.”

Jasmine’s blush deepened. “Consider it a deal.”

Luke tossed his arm around her shoulder, and Jasmine cuddled closer, laying her head against the bone of his arm and chest.

“We’re back,” she sang as the car pulled into the front of his office.

“So, we are.”

They left the vehicle and strolled inside past the multiple desks arranged with an assortment of papers and billboards that outlined their path to the finish line. As they came closer to his office, Luke and Jasmine paused instantaneously. The blinds inside his office were open, and five men could be seen lounging around the corners of the room. One, in particular, was sitting in Luke’s chair, but Luke wasn’t surprised to see that they had an audience.

“Oh look,” he said, “and intervention.” He smirked.

The blood in Jasmine’s face drained. This was not the time to be making jokes. This meeting of men felt like déjà vu as her mind took her back to the bar when Quentin had confessed his love for Phoebe. Jasmine’s brothers had gone full-on attack. Jonathon specifically. Her gut churned, and she instinctively reached out and grabbed Luke’s wrist, stopping his advance. Luke cocked his head in her direction and saw the paleness in her brown face. Concern washed over him as he turned full circle to address Jasmine.

“Hey.” He reached for her chin, bringing Jasmine’s gaze to his. “It comes with the territory,” he said.

Jasmine locked her jaw but didn’t respond only stared worriedly back at Luke. His hard-edged face softened.

“This won’t go down the way it did last time. I promise.”

She found her tongue. “How can you promise that?”

“Because Jonathon can’t whoop me,” he joked. “Besides, I’d fight to the death for you.”

Jasmine’s heart leapt and binged off her chest. Her hand tightened around his wrists as her eyes misted over.

“That—” she stammered and groaned. Being around Luke seemed to turn her into a stuttering fool at times. She had to remind herself that she was a boss and Luke was about to become the CEO of the city. Damn right this meeting wouldn’t be the same. Jasmine blinked back the sheen in her eyes and reordered her thoughts as she cleared her throat. Her hand slipped from his wrists to his hand, her fingers linking with his.

“And I will fight right by your side,” she responded.

Luke brought her hand to his mouth. A kiss, hot and feverish, singed her skin. “Give me ten minutes, if I’m not out by then, I may need back up,” he joked.

Jasmine thought it over for a second then nodded once. Luke bent down to kiss her cheek then turned and strolled to his office. He opened the door and stepped inside and noticed Derek James Clark, his brother from another mother, was also in the room.

“Gentlemen, what do I owe the nature of this visit?”

“I’m just here in case anyone needs a lawyer,” Jordan joked.

The men chuckled, and Luke’s right brow rose a fraction. Jokes coming from Jordan were a first.

“You must be having a good day,” Luke said to Jordan.

“Indeed,” Jordan responded.

“Rose and Garnett just won its high-profile case against a pharmaceutical giant. So yeah, he’s in a good mood,” Jonas said, sitting in a custom-tailored suit that fit every ridge and bulk in his arms. He was clean. Cufflinks and a pristine belt buckle accessorized his suave appearance. As usual, his neatly groomed haircut and creamy brown skin settled into the stock corded muscle that he worked daily at the gym.

“Your campaign is on the right track, you should be proud of all you’ve accomplished before you take your rightful place as mayor.”

It was Jaden who’d spoken this time. Much like his brother Jonas, Jaden also wore a tailored suit, and his tone build was not hidden either. Luke held his hand out. “I appreciate you for saying that.”

Jaden accepted his proffered hand.

“We all knew it would happen anyway,” Jonas said.

“Well I haven’t won yet, fellas.”

“But you’re well on your way,” Jordan said.

“Thank you. I can only hope so.”

“We saw you speaking with Mayor Jenkins.”

Some of them chuckled. “Whose idea was it for you to meet him on his own territory?” Jacob asked.

“Oh, it couldn’t have been my idea?” Luke inquired.

“Nah,” Jonas said.

They laughed again. Luke nodded with a smirk.

“You’re right.” He rubbed his hands together then folded his arms. “It was Jas.”

“Touched by a Rose, huh.” Finally, Jonathon had spoken. Luke and Jonathon eyed each other. “After seeing you and Jasmine on TV today, I gathered the group of us to come over here and congratulate you on your success and also to threaten your life.” Everyone kept their stares on Luke as they were all aware of that fact. Everyone except for Derek. Derek’s brows slanted in a frown, and he scowled at Jonathon who met his confused gaze.

“You, too, Derek.”

“What the hell is this?” Derek barked.

“I just told you what this,” he motioned with his hands, “was.” Jonathon rose to his feet, his black crew neck shirt imprinted in the muscular structure of his arms and chest. Army fatigue pants were planted against the knotted muscles in his thighs, and he stood the same six feet, three inches as Luke. Jonathon brought his gaze from Derek to Luke.

“I consider you both family, and that will always be the case unless either of you fucks over our sisters.” Jonathon’s face hardened. “I mean that shit.”

“What the hell are you talking about?” Derek said.

Jonathon glanced at Derek. “We know you have a thing for Eden, and she’s sensitive and the youngest. I’ll break your fucking neck, Clark if you think for one second about fucking her over. Jonathon brought his eyes back to Luke. “Same for you. Jasmine acts tough, but we all know she’s as soft as a marshmallow.”

“Don’t threaten me, Rose,” Luke said. “I take it as a personal insult for you to stand here and act like I would put a lifetime of our friendship on the line for a fucking fling with your sister. I should break your damn neck for being that damn dense. Then what?”

“Damn straight,” Derek said in the amen corner.

Jonathon glanced from Derek to Luke then over to his brothers. One by one, the Rose men cracked a smile.

“I told you Luke would swing first and ask questions later,” Jonas said. The Rose men laughed, causing Luke and Derek to glance between each other curiously.

“This shit isn’t funny,” Derek said. “I don’t appreciate being cornered like I’m some sucka off the street.”

“Pipe down, Clark,” Jonathon said. “We all know neither of you are stupid enough to hurt Eden and Jasmine. We STILL,” he spoke with emphasis, “had to let you know what’s up.”

Jonathon rounded the table and rolled up on Luke. Luke dropped his arms, and Jonathon held out his hand. Luke accepted it in a manly slap of palms. “All right, all right, you’ve made your point,” Luke said.

Jonathon nodded then looked over at Derek. “You see how easy that was?”

Derek leaned against the wall and crossed his arms.

“You need a hug, Clark,” Jonas said.

They snickered.

“Fuck you, Rose,” Derek spat.

They guffawed again, and one by one, Jonathon, Jaden, Jordan, and Jacob made their exit. When Luke and Derek were alone, they merely exchanged a shake of their heads.

“Comes with the territory,” Luke said. The door opened, and Jasmine came strutting into the room. She took in the unreadable expression on Luke’s face.

“Is everything okay?”

“Yeah,” his dark voice grooved. “What do you say we get out of here?”

“I’d say, let’s go.”

Luke turned back to Derek. “You okay?” he asked, noticing the grimace on Derek’s face.

“I’m fine.” Derek straightened then adjusted his tie slightly. “I’m heading out.”

Luke and Jasmine watched him leave.

She glanced over at Luke. “Is he okay?”

Luke rubbed his chin. Something was bothering Derek other than the confrontation that had just transpired, but Luke would find out what that was about at another time.

“He’s fine,” Luke answered, moving closer to Jasmine. He kissed the tip of her nose. “Let’s go.”





Chapter Nine





“I figured I’d save you the time of calling to catch me up by coming over here with a bottle of pinot grigio since this may take all night.”

Jasmine smirked at Carla and rolled her eyes. Stepping to the side, Jasmine opened the front door wider.

“I’m afraid I don’t have all night, but come on in,” Jasmine said.

Carla sashayed inside, her razor-sharp cut bob bouncing as she moved over the threshold. “Don’t mind if I do,” she said mid-twirl, donned in a gray silk blouse that stretched down her flat belly to tuck inside rustic denim jeans. On her feet, four-inch gray heels with diamond studs sat as the centerpiece of the thong shoe.

Jasmine closed the door behind her and strolled past Carla to the kitchen. Once there, Carla found a spot at the center island, perching on a stool that sat before it.

“So,” Carla began sweeping her hair behind an ear, “what’s good?”

Jasmine removed two tumblers from the cabinet then turned to sit them on the island.

“Whatever do you mean, dear friend?” Jasmine said.

Carla pursed her lips and popped the cork. “Okay, I get it, you need a drink first. That’s fine with me.”

Jasmine smirked and tried to hold on to her giggle as Carla poured.

“Wait,” Jasmine said. “Did you get your ears pierced?”

Carla’s tongue slipped from her mouth and poked the corners of her lips. Her earlobe was pierced from the single puncture in her lobe to several that rode up her ear to the top. Jasmine leaned closer and counted.

“Three, four, five?” Jasmine said.

“Jacob loves them. Says they make me look feisty, like a dominatrix.”

“Oh brother,” Jasmine groaned.

“What, you don’t like them?”

“Please tell me you’re not changing your appearance because of my brother?”

Carla blinked rapidly. “I didn’t know he would like it until after I got it pierced, so that’s first. Secondly, don’t we all do that at some point? Whether it’s a hairstyle, a simple dress, or a tattoo? Once a guy we’re digging tells us they like it, we go out of our way to show off whatever that thing is. Why would piercings be so different?”

“Okay, a hairstyle sometimes, a dress maybe, but you can’t compare that to body adjustments.”

Carla scoffed. “You act like I got breast implants.”

They both quieted then burst out laughing.

“Who got breast implants?” Eden said as she entered the room.

Though she and Jasmine shared the same face, Eden’s hair was pinned to the top of her head and an array of curls sprouted down her head. Where Jasmine was a bit risqué with her evening wear, Eden was more reserved all the way down to her bed wear.

“First of all, please get rid of that gown,” Jasmine said. Her eyes were wide, and her lips fairly twisted as she took in the ankle-length cotton nightgown her sister wore.

“Jasmine, don’t start,” Eden said.

Carla shook her head.

“Don’t you start,” Jasmine responded. “I thought we talked about your fashion sense choices, sis. As a matter of fact, I remember the both of us going through your closet and getting rid of all of that grandma material in there. You’re twenty-six, not ninety-eight.”

Carla spurted out a laugh, and Eden cocked her head to the side with a scowl covering her face.

“I kept one or two, is that so bad? Everyone doesn’t need lingerie to sleep in. Besides if you hadn’t noticed, I don’t have a man!” Eden sulked to the counter, her hip leaning into the marble top.

Both Carla and Jasmine dropped their jokes instantly.

“What does that mean? Are you and Derek having problems?”

“There was barely a me and Derek to begin with, then today, he cut our conversation short, and I haven’t heard from him since.”

Jasmine gnawed the corner of her lips.

Eden cut her eyes at Jasmine then turned full circle.

“Do you know something I don’t?” Eden asked Jasmine.

Jasmine frowned, and her thoughts traveled back to the confrontation at Luke’s office.

“Shit,” Jasmine mumbled.

“You do know something, spill it!” Eden said, pushing off the counter to stand directly in front of Jasmine. Eden crossed her arms, and Carla poured herself a glass of wine feeling that whatever Jasmine would say might warrant it.

“I don’t really know.”

Carla took a huge swig of her wine, knowing that was not the answer Eden was looking for.

“Jasmine, I swear to God.”

“What makes you think I know something anyway?”

“Because you’re dating Luke now, and he’s putty in your hands!”

Jasmine went to protest, raising an arm and pointing her finger with her mouth agape. But she paused and arched a brow.

“He’s putty in my hands?” she said, blushing. “Why would you say that?”

Eden half-rolled her eyes. “Because anyone with vision can see it. He nearly burned a hole in your mouth kissing you on the doorstep the other night. Or did you forget I saw the two of you?”

“Hmm, that did kind of slip my mind.”

“Hold up,” Carla said. “So not only did you kiss on national television today, but you kissed last night on the doorstep? And where were you coming from, young lady?”

The smile on Carla’s face spread across her lips slow and seductively. Heat ballooned in Jasmine’s cheeks as her eyes skipped from Eden to Carla.

“I was leaving. We were on a date.”

“A date?” Carla echoed.

“Yes.”

“Unhuh, tell me more about this date.”

“First, tell me what you know about why Derek would all of a sudden be giving me the cold shoulder,” Eden interrupted.

Carla pushed the tumbler filled with wine across the island toward Jasmine. Catching her drift, Jasmine lifted the glass and took a hefty sip then sat the glass down.

“Okay—”

“Start from the beginning,” Eden added.

“From the beginning, beginning, or…”

Eden squinted her eyes at Jasmine, and her lips thinned.

Jasmine nodded. “Gotcha. Well, to try and make a long story shorter, after last night, I had a pow-wow with Phoebe on the track today. You know where you were supposed to meet us for our weekly run?”

Eden’s squint remained, but her mouth fluffed back into its pouty stance before she bit down on her bottom lip. Eden nodded once, and Jasmine continued.

“After that conversation, I knew I had to stop running from Luke.”

“Yeaaaaah!” Carla shouted. Jasmine and Eden looked at her with wide eyes. “Oh, never mind me, continue.”

Jasmine cracked a smile. “I went to his office and found him staring at the map on the wall like he’d already lost the race.”

Carla frowned. “Why would he think that?”

“Because Samuel Jenkins supposedly has his side of town on lock, and he had Betty Downer next to him agreeing that he may have lost.”

Carla’s frown deepened. She and Eden knew all too well that Sarah Middleton was the Betty Jasmine referred to.

“So, what happened?” Carla asked.

“In so many words, I told him that he would not give up now and that my team was waiting to hit the street and win that side of town for him. We left and went to Mr. Jenkins’ headquarters,” Jasmine paused, and a heated wave fled down her skin as thoughts of her and Luke’s erotic encounter in the car resurfaced. In a trance, Jasmine’s arms folded across her breasts and a hand lifted to her neck to trail her fingers in a dance across her skin. She bit her bottom lip, and her heartbeat instinctively increased as soft, but fierce pulls at her lips from Luke’s heated mouth reclaimed her.

“Jasmine!” Eden said, snapping her fingers.

Jasmine jumped out of her reverie and looked between Eden and Carla whose mouth was partly open in a gawking smile.

“Well,” Carla said, “what the hell was that?”

“What happened?” Jasmine said.

Carla snickered. “You tell me.”

Jasmine’s face was as hot as a volcanic eruption. She blinked several times then pulled it together.

“After we arrived, we met with Mr. Jenkins, and you saw that on TV, right?”

“I’ll tell you what I saw,” Eden said. “You and Luke locking lips as if you were hungry for each other.”

Carla nodded and poked her lips out and upward.

“I’ll tell you what I didn’t see,” Eden added. “Whatever happened that has to do with Derek and me.”

“You’re right,” Jasmine said. “Well, you’re not the only ones who saw us on TV.”

“Oh, I’m sure.”

“When we got back to Luke’s office, our brothers were there.”

Eden’s eyes widened, and Carla poured another round of wine, this time scooting a glass over to Eden.

“Derek was with them. Apparently, they’d gathered in Luke’s office to threaten Luke and Derek.”

A sharp gasp flew from Eden. “Are you kidding me!? Please tell me you’re joking!”

“Afraid not.”

Eden tossed her hands up and paced the length of the kitchen, her house shoes wish washing across the tile.

“I can’t believe this! No wonder he won’t talk to me.”

“What did he say?” Jasmine asked.

“What did they say?!” Eden deferred. “Tell me, I want to know every word.”

“I wasn’t inside the office. I only know what Luke told me, and trust me, I was annoyed, too, but Luke just kept saying it comes with the territory.” Jasmine paused. “He’s right.”

Eden scoffed.

“You knew there would come a time when this would happen, right? I mean, we’ve all talked about it,” Jasmine continued.

“That doesn’t mean I have to like it!”

Jasmine nodded and lifted the tumbler from the island. She handed it over to Eden.

“You know I don’t drink anymore.”

Jasmine grabbed Eden’s hand and pasted her fingers around the tumbler. Eden tossed the alcohol back in one long chugging gulp. Both Jasmine and Carla’s eyes widened.

“Damn,” Carla said.

“I didn’t mean for you to drink it all in one gulp, girl,” Jasmine said.

Eden pursed her lips. “Who am I kidding. I need to be drunk.”

“Did Derek say anything to you?”

“Yeah, he asked me how my day was, and I told him it was fine, then I did the same. He quieted down when I asked, and when I inquired about it, he came out with ‘I need a little time to process some things, so if I don’t call you for a couple of days, I want you to know it has nothing to do with you.” She shook her head and took another swig of the nothingness left in the glass. “My heart dropped, I didn’t know how to respond, and our call just ended.”

Jasmine glanced at Carla, then down at her wristwatch.

“Well, give him some time, and when you talk to him again have a conversation about it.”

“You got somewhere to be?” Carla interrupted.

Jasmine cleared her throat. “Luke’s taking me out, and I don’t think I’m coming home tonight.”

Carla’s eyes widened with euphoric glee, and she clapped her hands. “Good for you!”

“Yeah,” Eden said sarcastically, “good for you.” Eden sat the glass down and sulked out of the room.

Carla and Jasmine watched her exit.

“Should you go after her?” Carla asked

“No, give her some time. Besides, I’ve got to get ready.”

“You were never going to call me, were you?”

“Yes, I was.”

“Mmhmm.”

Carla wiggled down off the stool and grabbed the bottle of pinot grigio.

“You’re taking the wine?” Jasmine asked.

“I sure am, you don’t need it, you’ve got Luke,” she said with emphasis.

“And you’ve got Jacob,” Jasmine returned.

Carla winked. “Not officially, but I’m sure working on it.”

Jasmine shook her head and watched Carla saunter to the door.

“Your piercings are cute by the way.”

Carla turned back to Jasmine with a smile on her lips.

“Why thank you, dear.” She winked. “Jacob likes them, too.”

“You already told me that.”

Carla snickered and sashayed on to the door where she opened it, glanced over her shoulder, winked at Jasmine, then left.





Chapter Ten





The Mercedes-Benz hit eighty miles per hour as it shot down the expressway. With the top down and the wind blowing in her hair, Jasmine turned her face up to the dark clouds and closed her eyes. It was so refreshing being with Luke in public, showing their affection and not having to hide how they really felt. She almost couldn’t believe she’d been missing out on such an opportunity for years. Yeah, Jasmine knew what was at stake, but it was her choice to give in to fears that he would be unfaithful or give this relationship of theirs her all. That’s exactly what she planned to do, and as far as she was concerned, it would always be that way unless Luke gave her a reason to take her love back.

Luke shifted gears in the sports car, and Jasmine reached for his hand. He glanced at her with heavy dark eyes and a piercing gaze that sent shivers racing through her bloodstream. He was comfortable in a black button-down shirt that revealed his thick neckline where the collar stood unfastened against his honey brown skin. The spicy scent that drifted from him watered her mouth and lugged her body closer to him.

Leaning further over, Jasmine’s hand dropped to his lap and skidded across the denim that covered his muscled thigh. Now Luke’s gaze pricked her skin as his lids fell further, giving off waves of unbearable heat. With his orbs dark as ever, Luke shifted gears again and took his attention back to the road while giving off a single warning.

“Don’t start something you can’t finish.”

The deep groove of his voice sent a whispering tickle over Jasmine’s skin. Her lips lifted at the corners of her mouth and spread naughtily into a rising smile so high her eyes became a squint as her cheeks crushed into them.

“What makes you think I can’t finish?”

Luke’s tongue curved against his teeth as he sucked wind through them. He steered the sports car around a sharp curve with precision, and they glided effortlessly as if Luke owned the road, and it bowed to his will. He glanced back at her. “I’m attempting to be a gentleman and take you to dinner, but you’re really testing me, Princess.”

Jasmine smirked. After Carla left her condo, Jasmine showered, oiled, and coiled her hair into a Farrah Fawcett curl that feathered off the sides of her face and danced in a spring on her shoulder blade whenever she moved. As she had toured her closet, thoughts of she and Luke’s interaction in front of the mayor’s office pulled her under a spell, and before she could snap out of it, Jasmine found herself drowning in the heat of his mouth and the scent of his masculine fragrance. A full fifteen minutes later, Jasmine came up for air, snapping out of her reverie so hard it was as if she’d been brought back to life. Her intake of breath was frantic as she gasped and groveled to get control of her breathing. She tried to shake it, tried to tell herself this thing between them needed to advance at a snail’s pace. Besides, how else would she know that Luke was trustworthy of everything that made her a woman? Jasmine’s heart ran rampant as she stood in the depths of her vast walk-in closet going back and forth with herself. But it was no use, she was weak for him. Not in a way that made her irresponsible, or gullible but in that mystical way that caused her heart to lurch by just the notion of spending quality time with him. It was then that the riskier side of Jasmine began to win over the logical side. Didn’t she tell herself earlier that she would let her guard down and try love with him head-on? The urge to let loose and be free with Luke curled inside her soul and beat against the makeup of her being in the way a sound wave bounced off the walls.

Jasmine straightened her shoulders and broke out of her shell. Strolling deeper inside her closet, she picked out a dress that was sure to give Luke the impression that Jasmine wanted him tonight in a way that was carnal, unruly, and downright reckless to the point of leaving her throbbing and aching for mercy without being granted the leniency. She’d never felt such a raw animalistic need for another human. The uncanniness of it frightened her just a bit but not enough to halt her forward progress. The dress lied thin against the soft flesh of her midthigh, but her romp lifted the back, turning the cocktail wear into a mini skirt. If that didn’t send the message, the garment underneath would, and Jasmine had never felt such courage to expose herself to him.

Jasmine smiled to herself as the breeze continued to whip through her hair. Her hand squeezed his hard thigh.

“I’m not looking for a gentleman tonight.”

Her brown eyes never left him, and at her implication, Luke’s grasp on the steering wheel tightened while his right hand shifted the car’s gears again. He glanced back to her and saw the dare in her dark brown gaze. She’d morphed into a siren, and his libido kicked up tenfold.

“You have no idea what you’re getting yourself into,” he said.

“Maybe not, but I’m ready for the ride of my life.”

Jasmine crossed her legs, draping the silky brown limb over her thigh. As a result, the edge of the gown rose, giving Luke greater access to the milk chocolate highway that was her thighs. They hid her valley below just by a shimmering thread, and Luke’s heart thundered in his chest just as his dick pitched in his pants. He’d wanted Jasmine for so long that even though she was giving him permission to take her Luke knew that she couldn’t understand the virility of the beast that lied within. The thing was Luke had no control when it came to her. She was the one person who could rule him. She was more than his princess. She was his Queen, and whatever she required would be hers in a heartbeat.

“Change of plans,” he said, his tongue cruising across his bottom lip. Luke divided his attention between the road and Jasmine’s sultry eyes and divine face. “Take a ride with me to a place that can only be approached by water.”

Jasmine’s eyes glimmered in the moonlight.

“I’m with you,” she said. “Wherever you take me now, I’m your hostage and we don’t need negotiation.”

Luke’s body flared with heat. He would try and control himself tonight. It was a promise he was making internally, and although that was so in the same notion, he didn’t trust his resistance.

“Damn it.”

“What’s wrong?” Jasmine asked.

Luke grinned, and his dimples pierced his skin. The depth of them only turned Jasmine on more, and her hand sailed down her thigh as she squeezed them together.

“You,” he said, letting a gruff breath grizzle from his throat.

Jasmine’s eyes brightened, and her widespread smile knocked the wind from him. She winked, and he winked back as he exited the freeway and hit a few sharp turns then drove down a dirt pathway.

Luke pulled the Mercedes-Benz up to a shipping dock and parked then got out the car and swiftly went to the passenger side to offer Jasmine a helping hand. With her palm slipping into his, Luke led her to a three-story white yacht with gold chrome outlining the exterior. Across the hull read “The Alexandria.” The name caused Jasmine to pause, and her mind to shuffle.

As her eyes cruised across each letter in the gold title, the heavy lashes that shadowed her high cheekbones soared in surprise.

“Could it be a coincidence that you named your boat Alexandria?” she asked.

Luke tugged her hand, pulling her attention from the lettering to his sharp, assessing gaze.

“No,” he said, watching her. “I named her after you.”

A flutter in Jasmine’s heart caused her mouth to part and take in a roughhousing breath.

“Are you really that surprised?”

Jasmine opened her mouth to speak as her vision returned to the yacht’s lettering. “Why would you?”

Luke’s head tilted, and he stepped closer his chest grazing Jasmine’s breasts. The heat from his closeness made her center thump and her body glaze with warmth.

“She’s my safe harbor. Whenever I needed to disappear, me and Alexandria would take a ride on the calm seas. It was the only thing that could relax me.” He cleared his throat. “While the storm that raged inside me was because of you, Jas, ironically you were also the thing that calmed my spirit and put me to rest. I know this may be confusing, but to try and be clear, the years after our meeting in your father’s orchard were rough for me.”

Jasmine squinted. “But you were making so many moves. You graduated college with honors, you became a professor, you learned how to ride a motorcycle and practically ruled the road once you were an expert.”

Luke smirked.

“You excelled in every way there was to rise. How could you have needed reprieve from all of that?”

Luke lifted her fingers to his lips where he kissed the back of her hand lightly.

“Because within, I was tortured.” He stared at her, holding Jasmine’s full attention. “I know it was my decision to end our relationship before it had a chance to begin and trust me, I suffered many sleepless nights following that choice. But it was necessary.”

“How can you say that?” she said, taking a meager step back.

Luke pulled her back close. “What do you mean?”

“It was necessary for you to turn your back on me, on us? I thought you just weren’t that into me to be totally honest.”

Luke’s gaze darkened, and his heart thumped as intense astonishment hit him full force. “What?” his baritone voice brimmed, unsure that he’d heard her correctly. His fingers roped through hers and tightened as the other hand lifted to her chin to caress her there. “You mean to tell me when your lips touched mine that day you couldn’t tell how much I needed you?”

His lips were a breath away from hers now, and Jasmine’s pulse rocked against her flesh.

“I—”

“Come here, let me show you what I’m talking about.”

Luke brought his lips down to meet hers, and his warm mouth moved between the plump outer lay of her lips. She was crushed in a passionate flare of fire that crawled down her body, drenching her in heat that spread to the nails in her toes. As if on cue, Jasmine’s toes curled and stretched, responding to the flame that settled in the soles of her feet. Her lips followed Luke’s lead in a dance that allowed them to taste each other so thoroughly that their nerves played off the exuberant energy that clung between their mouths. Static sparks cracked around them, and a wave of chills assaulted their flesh. Luke pulled off Jasmine’s mouth but hovered above her top lip as warm minty breath continued to kiss her furnaced brims.

“If you didn’t know then,” Luke said, “how about now?”

Jasmine’s gaze faltered, and her body vibrated from the stimulating kiss.

“I know I messed up,” Luke said.

“Damn right you did,” came Jasmine’s quick retort. “You dated other women, knowing how I felt about you.”

Luke’s heart constricted. “I thought it was the right thing to do. You were young. I was ashamed.”

At Jasmine’s crinkled nose, Luke reiterated. “Not ashamed to be with you, but ashamed that I had fallen in love with my best friend’s little sister.”

Jasmine’s eyes widened, and her cheeks swelled with heat.

“You were in love with me?” she asked, her voice cracking at the realization of his words.

“Am,” he restated, “I am in love with you, Princess.”

Jasmine’s heart soared, and every part of her immediately became hungry. As if sensing her inner flustering, Luke moved at the same time Jasmine did. She reached for him and leapt into his arms as his long arms circled her, branding thick masculine hands into her backside. Their bodies crushed against one another as their lips smashed and their hearts pounded off their breastbones. An unyielding moan filtered the air as it slipped from Jasmine’s mouth between the barrage of tense, hot kisses. Arching in his arms, Jasmine yearned to be joined with him, and Luke’s kisses sent new spiraling desire racing through her.

Luke turned and carried her up the metal ramp that led to The Alexandria. Once on board, they both pulled apart long enough to stare at each other with awe-inspiring appreciation.

“You never told me where we were going,” Jasmine said, shaken to her core.

“My lakeshore house,” his lids draped heavily, holding her between his hypnotic gaze. Grabbing her hand, Luke kissed each and every one of her fingers before sliding one into his wet mouth. The heat from his tongue put Jasmine’s emotions into overdrive. Her engine had been utterly ignited, and the more Luke touched her, the wetter her inner thighs became. This was why she hadn’t worn panties in the first place.

“Let me show you around.”

This was Luke’s attempt to show restraint. Not that he wouldn’t fill the cup that she’d so openly offered to him, but that he would do it without tearing her apart, at least until he was sure she could handle it. Luke sat her down on her feet and slipped his hand inside hers.

The deck had hardwood floors that traced around to the helm where the steering wheel sat in gold chrome. As they strolled, Jasmine traced her fingers over the frame of it, admiring the detail. Luke released her hand, pulling

Jasmine to his front, where he swept her into the cover of his chest with his arms. He kept the gap between her bottom and his crotch closed, and Jasmine could feel the evidence of his arousal as they strolled slowly together. Jasmine was comfortable tucked between his chest, and the natural scent that spilled from him made her turn her face to snuggle under his neck. A surge of heat sailed over Luke, and when he swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbled against Jasmine’s upturned nose.

“You wanna give it a ride?” Luke asked, trying to stay focused, but his comment had the opposite effect.

She turned around to face him, her hands trailing up his shoulders where she gripped his shirt and pulled him in even closer. She knew he was trying to be a gentleman, but he also knew that she wasn’t looking for that tonight. Jasmine stuck her tongue out, trailing his lips, a purr of a moan leaving her mouth. Luke’s eyes faltered, and he welcomed the soft prod of her tongue. He could taste the mint she’d retrieved from his mouth during their make-out session moments before, and it only fueled his starvation for her.

Another moan left Jasmine’s mouth and traveled down Luke’s throat which was met with his own barbaric stimulated growl. As if Luke’s body disagreed with his “taking it slow approach,” Luke’s hands reached behind her and fiddled with the strings that held her dress together. The tug of war within himself was real, but Jasmine knew he wanted her just as much as she wanted him. She reached behind her head and met his fingers. With a smooth pull of her necktie, the strings came undone, and the fabric slid down her body along with an electric current that followed its way down to her feet. Luke’s gaze was midnight as he combed over her chocolate frame with a meticulous assessment. His nerves leapt with boisterous vigor as he gained a satisfying view of what she wore underneath the dress. Red and black lace adorned Jasmine’s breast with straps that traveled down her smooth chocolate skin to red see-through panties.

“Jas …” his deep voice trembled across her skin. “You are so beautiful.”

Jasmine blushed and dropped her head then twirled to give him a look at her backside. Instinctively, Luke reached down and grabbed the fullness of her derriere with a smack, lifting just slightly enough to have her on the tips of her toes. It caused a yelp to shoot from her mouth and, with cock-strong strength, he twirled her back by her ass to him, planting Jasmine against the rock that was his chest. His lips crashed into hers, rolling over and under as they hungrily ate each other’s mouths, turning their coupling into a game of who could consume the other first. Their heartbeats synchronized as both pounded one against the other. Luke’s lips left hers to nibble along her face, neck and, earlobe. Jasmine’s mouth led its own trail of kisses along his face, to his neck where she bit softly into his flesh. Another primal sound left Luke’s throat, and Jasmine’s lips spread into a wicked smile.

She removed herself from his grasp, stepping back from him just an inch to come out of her heels and sweep them to the side with her feet. Feeling bereft, Luke reached for her, but Jasmine evaded his grasp.

“Hold on there, fella,” she said, wagging a finger at him.

“Don’t make me go another second without touching you.” His voice was gruff, and his pupils dilated as if he’d transformed into something primitive and supernatural. She sashayed with a feminine sway of her hips around to the bow of the yacht, bending to stretch her long shapely limbs, and climbed on top.

“Play some music,” she said.

Luke grabbed a remote that sat on a mahogany brown tray next to a built-in table top and hit a button. The surround sound transported them as Ciara began singing “Dance Like We’re Making Love.”

The beat dropped, and Jasmine’s hips rotated. Her body stirred slow and seductive, and as she swayed, Jasmine’s hands treaded up her bare belly to unclasp her bra. The material fell on a sail of wind, leaving perky full mocha chocolate breasts and dark nipples that were rock hard sprouting into the midnight air.

A wildlife sound trekked from Luke that sent more shivers racing through Jasmine. She crouched down to her knees and crawled to Luke across the bow. In one even turn, Jasmine slid around on her butt and leaned back on her elbows giving him a full view of her hidden valley below. The sheer material against the apex of her center opened up in the middle, crotchless and showing a freshly waxed set of lips that were juicy and delectable. As Ciara continued to sing, Jasmine stuck her middle finger in her mouth and caressed between her thighs. Her cat-like bedroom eyes never left his as he watched her every move, his chest rising and falling with each breath he took.

Jasmine slipped a finger inside of her mound, and her head fell back as a shuddering gasp escaped her lips. She was momentarily dazed, but still she lifted her head to watch him as she pulled the honey-coated finger from her folds to her mouth. Unbeknownst to him, Luke had stopped breathing. Jasmine repeated the pattern then applied pressure to her clitoris as Luke drank her in with the claim of his dark eyes. Jasmine wanted him to watch her, and Luke’s restraint was crippling like a kettle on a hot stove. She put more fingers inside, and this time traced her areola with the sweet nectar. Luke’s resolve snapped, and he moved swiftly, getting to her in record time. He climbed on top of Jasmine, going straight for her honey-coated center where he covered her peach with his mouth and sank his tongue into her pussy.

“Sssss, ooooh my God,” Jasmine moaned, her head officially feeling like a boulder she could no longer hold up. It responded in collapse as her body weakened from the pleasurable sweeping of Luke’s tongue against her sensitive flesh. Her leg trembled while Luke sucked her labia and drove his tongue from her clitoris to her bottom, entering her womb in an attempt to taste her ovaries.

“Aaaah! Luke!” Her pants were soft but pleading, and the rumble that cruised from Luke felt like an earthquake against her vagina. It only caused Jasmine to quake more and her heart to beat out of control. The suction Luke held on her was nefarious, and the exploration of his tongue continued to submerge as if it had a specific destination in mind. It was something she’d never encountered before. Though his tongue was occupied, the grabbling wind from his heated mouth as he sucked stirred around her clitoris in a tornado, making Jasmine’s hips buck and coating her body in a sheen of chills.

“Oh my God, Luuuuuuuuuu-ke!” she screamed.

Luke reached for Jasmine’s hand that had fallen by the wayside and planted her palm on top of his head. He wanted her to rule him. It was in her best interest to show him what she wanted and more. He had an idea of how to handle her, but he wanted to know her body and the thing that made her tick in more ways than one. Taking his lead while losing her mind, Jasmine rotated her hips against his mouth. Easily, Luke followed her rotation, and with it, his tongue pulled back to latch on the top of her clit.

“Aaaaaah!” Jasmine screamed at his sudden attack.

In that same variation, Luke cruised around the delicate nub and bulldozed her there, leaving Jasmine’s hand falling by the wayside again. She went limp, and her body blazed as a pulsation overcame her soul. Luke’s hand crept up to her breasts where he fondled her nipple, sucked her clit, and used his other hand to slip a few fingers inside her slippery sanctuary. Jasmine’s body writhed and jerked with heated drums of chills running throughout. She couldn’t speak, couldn’t cry out, couldn’t warn him of the coming wave that would spill from her at any moment. It was as if she was in shock, with her mouth wide, and her eyes rolled into the back of her head.

Her trembling increased, and then a wounded wail found its way from her lips. Luke closed his mouth around her mound and sent his tongue in another dive to her center to catch the sweet juices that followed. And he did, lapping at her crème as if it was the only thing that would sustain his life.

Jasmine was mumbling incoherently, her head rolling from side to side as if trying to figure out where she was and what was happening to her. When Luke had savored the last drop, his titanic form rose up inch by inch, placing warm kisses on her curvaceous thighs, the bottom of her belly, the center of her breast then as if he’d never left, he reclaimed her mouth. Her arms sailed around his thick neck, and the heat that encompassed them sealed them in the moment. It went on for another long minute until Luke couldn’t hold off another second. He rode back down to her breasts, taking one of her areolas into his mouth. With his hand, he rubbed the inside of her thighs, massaging her with grabbling force. Jasmine’s hand clutched the back of Luke’s neck while the other gripped his muscular shoulder. He moved his tongue from one breast to the other then sucked them both in simultaneously. Luke couldn’t get enough of her, and while he was satisfied with pleasing her only, Jasmine wanted the same for him. She unbuttoned his shirt, tugging each button until his massive sculpted chest was revealed. She fought to get the material over his shoulders just as Luke swept her up in his arms and took her below deck where he laid her down on a bed that was so big it complemented the mastery of his colossal frame.

“Don’t move,” he said, leaving her side in a sprint.





Chapter Eleven





Luke took the hardwood steps two at a time back to the bridge and set the yacht to coast to his lakeshore home. When he returned below deck, Jasmine was perched on her elbows, and the open crotch thong had been discarded in a fling across the room.

“I want it hard,” she said. Her face now masked like a dominatrix in full control of her situation. “Don’t take it easy on me. I’ve been waiting for you for years, and I won’t have you treat me like I’m some fragile child in need of coaching.” She paused, knowing she had his attention. “The only thing I’m in need of now is you, Luke. Every bit of every ounce you have to give.” Jasmine knew what she was asking for, and she was sure she’d pay for it in the morning. Well her body would anyway. This session would probably kill her. “Is that going to be a problem?”

Luke gritted his teeth as he stared at her sexy body spread for him to partake. His heart rocked, and his blood simmered because while he understood what she wanted, he’d promised himself not to overdo it. That had just been retracted since she wanted it, and he was inclined to give her exactly what she’d asked for. Without a response, Luke kept his gaze on her as he flipped off his shoes and removed the button down that still clung to his mammoth shoulders. Jasmine bit the bottom of her lip as she watched in awe as Luke removed his jeans and boxer briefs concurrently.

The creation of him made her heart flip in her chest as every ridge of his glory was sewed into corded muscled flesh. His perfection fascinated Jasmine with every ripple running into another corpus of toned masculine skin. The lower her gaze went, the more her mouth watered, and her tongue slipped across her lips. His abdomen was carved into the perfect V that made up his Adonis belt. His hips were hard and cut like he slept in the gym with no remittance in sight. But it was his burgeoning erection that sucked her breath from her lungs and caused her to stiffen. It was aggressively hard with veins that coiled around his shaft like a perfectly manufactured pulsating cock. The evidence of his desire swung like an unyielding sword, one that only went into battle to ultimately claim victory in the end. Jasmine’s eyes widened, and a sudden fear gripped her. Had she just asked for hard sex? With … him?

As if sensing her distress and the backpedaling in her thoughts, Luke’s handsome face transformed into a sexy villainous mask.

“Your wish is my command,” his dark voice drummed.

Jasmine’s lips parted as she took in her first bout of air since noticing his virile masculinity. She was sticking to her guns, no matter how nonsensical it might be to do so. Jasmine flipped on all fours and crawled to the edge of the bed where they met, Luke’s abdomen to Jasmine’s face. Luke lifted a hand to her jaw, pressing his fingers into her upturned chin, carefully instructing her to rise and meet him on her knees. Her heart raced in anticipation, and his hand skidded down to her shoulders to pull her with primal force against his washboard abs.

He pressed hot lips against her forehead and spoke. “Mercy.”

Jasmine’s forehead crinkled as she glanced up at him, requiring explanation.

“If you need me to stop just shout, mercy.”

Jasmine smirked.

“I’m not kidding, Princess.”

His matter-of-fact tone caused the sudden upsurge of fear to return. Jasmine didn’t get a chance to respond before Luke’s hand covered her jaw and the other gripped her ass. A gasp seeped from her lips but was inhaled by his opened mouth takeover of her own. Releasing her face, Luke swept Jasmine weightless into his arms, and Jasmine’s legs rounded his chiseled hipline as their bodies hurtled into one another. A hot tingling spark splintered between them as Luke’s dick struck her pussy with urging intensity. Another cacophony of sparks showered down Jasmine’s legs, and her body torched with an utter incineration of heat.

Luke spread her ass and dipped his hips, then stood tall as he entered her sanctuary in a splitting thrust that caused Jasmine’s eyes to stretch, and her mouth to fall open.

“Mercy,” Luke whispered as a reminder that at any moment she needed him to stop he would, instantly. But Jasmine had no plans to intercept him; she’d meant every word she’d spoken before. The problem was Jasmine never expected the disruption her body would undergo once he filled her fully, and as Luke’s length continued to expand, reaching for new heights within her, Jasmine had to question her very own rationality. Her head dropped back, and a hiss snaked from her lips. The intensity of his long, penetrating stroke plunged to the wall of her womb and pinged off her G-spot in a gripping double pounce that curled her toes and promptly constricted her pussy around his shaft.

A wretched gasp flew from Jasmine’s lips, and a growl, deep and peril strummed from Luke as the power in his hands intensified around her ass. She was wet, sizzling, and taut, and everything Luke had imagined she would be. He removed a rough hand and sent it flying into her backside with a loud spank. The sting from his whip made Jasmine’s body jump, and with that movement Luke cruised out then sailed into her, stroking as if playing an instrument that required attention to detail. Her breasts pressed stringently against his chest, and a fire burned from the spot of his thrashing collision.

He wasted no time refilling her with his engorged length, spreading her inner walls to meet his driving force.

“Ooooh my God,” she moaned just as a sharp gasp escaped her lips at his unrelenting intrusion.

His hard body pushed against hers as Luke rocked into her core with desire reflecting in his gaze.

His macho physique held firm and upright with gargantuan thrusts slamming inside her fountain with such zeal her head dropped back on a supersonic scream. A spiraling shudder ripped through them both, and her arched angle gave Luke new inspiration.

He dipped down, placing a barrage of kisses on her chest, neck, and face. Luke’s lovemaking was raunchy and tenacious, causing the bed to rock even though the only thing that touched it was Luke’s hard thighs and knees as he stood before it. Still, their rhythm held the beat of a musical drum, and he didn’t mean to, but Luke was on the verge of taking all the years he’d held out waiting, on Jasmine’s wreathing body.

“Do you trust me?” His gruff voice spoke.

Jasmine’s head was already spinning, but she heard his question and coached her lips to form an answer.

“Yes, yes, yes.”

“Are you sure?”

He rocked into her, and a squeal pitched from her throat followed by a throaty gurgle.

“Yes, yes, I said yes!”

Luke’s hips slowed, and he spoke with a commandment on his tongue, “Release my neck.”

Jasmine shuddered and lifted her head to look at him. His gaze bore into her as if determined not to repeat his request. Jasmine’s arms untied from him, and Luke continued to massage her pussy with the extensive thick grind of his dick, keeping her tingling all over.

“I want you to stretch out. Lean your body backwards and let your hands rest on the bed.”

Jasmine thought about the position, and another wave of fear gripped her. She reached out to plant her hands against his grinding hips. “If you want me to focus, you have to … oh …” she moaned when Luke’s speed increased. “Ooh, baby, don’t stop, please.” Her head fell again, and she became lost in his progression.

“I thought you wanted me to stop, Princess?” His lips captured her nipples, and his heated mouth sucked the distended areola. A riveting wave of heat saturated her skin.

“No,” she whispered faintly, “don’t stop.”

Luke bit down on her nipple, sending a stinging ravel of chills waving while grinding and stroking her with impassioned thrusts.

“Ssssss, baaaaby!” Jasmine squealed.

Luke pulled his mouth from her breasts. “Do what I asked of you.”

Jasmine tossed her arms back, planting her palms firmly on the duvet covered mattress. “You want me to bend my body like a bow, like this?”

“Is that going to be a problem?”

Jasmine shuddered from the stroking he continued on her, and a premature wave of crème slid from her vagina down his shaft.

“I’m upside down. You’ll … kill me.”

Luke bent over her, laying soft kisses on her arching belly. “Didn’t you say, and I quote, ‘I want it hard’?” Luke’s stroke picked up momentum, and a whimper fell from Jasmine as she could feel his prodding masculinity seizing her with splintering rains of chills. “You said, ‘Don’t take it easy on me’,” Luke continued. “‘I’ve been waiting for you for years, and I won’t have you treat me like I’m some fragile child in need of coaching’.” He repeated her word for word, and with each sentence, Luke sent another driving force knocking through her.

“Oh my God, oh my God!” she screeched, rattled by his mind-bending thrusts. “‘The only thing I’m in need of now is you. Every bit of every ounce you have to give’,” he continued.

Jasmine whimpered again; she knew her words would come back to haunt her but not like this.

“Then I responded.” He moved in and out, his shaft glazed with her wetness, grazing against her walls that bent with her arched womb. “What did I say?” he questioned.

Jasmine’s lips trembled. “Your wish is my comm— aaaaaaah!”

He gave no mercy and no compassion with his raw, deep-rooted strokes. With his strong hands laying fingerprints in her spread ass, Luke pumped into her with reckless abandon, and Jasmine’s screams reverberated against the walls in an attempt to break through. A sheen of perspiration coated their skin, and the juice they created slapped between them as they met each other firmly, thrust after titanic thrust.

“Oooooh my God! Luke, please!”

Luke’s treacherous strokes increased as he dipped with deep milling plunges.

“That’s not the word,” he growled.

“Luke!”

“Tell me what you want,” his thick voice strummed.

“Please!”

His next move was so unreal Jasmine couldn’t believe it happened. He removed himself from her womb, then flipped her over, lifting her body midair with a quick spin as if she was as light as a feather. Quickly, he slipped between her thighs, his plunging dick sliding back inside her with compelling urgency. Her eyes bucked as her hands were replanted on the bed, stopping her face from diving into the sheets.

“Oh my God!”

Her heart hammered as she was now in doggy-style position except her legs were suspended around Luke’s waist.

“Oh no, no, no…”

“Tell me what you want!” Luke barked.

Jasmine clenched her teeth, determined to withhold the one word that would free her of his blissful beating. Her silence fueled him, and Luke rocked into her backside so hard it drove her ass up against his pelvis and was left perched at an angle that gave him more of an opening of penetration. Luke branded his hands in the back of her thighs, and his thumbs spread her ass, as he rocked, sending blunt forces of pummels digging into her core.

“Aaaaaaah shiiiiiiit – fuuuu-ck!” Jasmine screamed as Luke shouted. He reHeeled back to smack one ass cheek then the other before continuing his assault.

Jasmine kept up with his menacing pace like she was made for the challenge Luke presented. Her head rolled from side to side as she became more delirious.

“Luke! Baby, baby, baby!” She was on the edge of going mad in elated euphoria.

One hand slid up her body to her neck, laying a firm chokehold on her throat. He dug into her back and bent her from his vice grip of her neck practically lifted her body. One dominant leg lifted and planted into the bed, giving Luke a penetration so deep Jasmine didn’t understand the physical science of the position. Leaning over her while continuing his assault, Luke put his lips to her ear and whispered, “All I want is you. I need you and crave you every day.”

He beat into her with more ferocity. “I can’t seem to get you off my mind, Jasmine.” Harder and harder his thrusts came. “You’ve put a spell on me.” With more ruthless power he moved. “Tell me how you did it.” When all she could do was whimper, his thrusts became explosively hazardous. “Tell me, Jasmine, how I’ve tried to wash you from my system but instead my craving for you is even stronger than before?”

Jasmine was about to tap out. Her legs quaked, and her orgasm threatened to spill over. Her moans breached the thick walls with such intensity that if there were neighbors, they’d be inclined to call the police. Jasmine’s words were rendered useless, so she didn’t even try to speak. The force of his sex had completely taken over anything she could possibly say. That didn’t mean she had no words. She had the same feelings, cravings, and wants he did, and when they rode their orgasms together, tears ran down her face as his thrashing splintered down her spine and caused a spasm to rip a hard attack down her legs.

“Mercccccccccyyyy!” she shouted, but it was too late. Her walls had come down, and waves of crème spilled from her. She shook with seizure-like activity, and Luke removed himself and spooned her in his arms.

“You’re okay,” his said in a soft barbaric croon. “You’re okay, you’re okay,” he chanted, kissing the side of her warm face down to her shoulders. She mumbled and quaked, falling into his arms with no strength left in her. There was no way she could ever love another, and that realization put her at Luke’s unyielding mercy. He held the power now to break her, to ruin her, or to love her unconditionally. It was out of Jasmine’s hands, and she came to the ultimate conclusion that no one else could ever take his place.





Chapter Twelve





A whistle in the distance stirred Jasmine as it dinged in recurrent succession. She rolled from her back to her side only to find vacancy where Luke’s firm body previously rested. She searched for the man she’d just shared her soul with, but he wasn’t within her view. Then, heavy footsteps eased down the hardwood stairs, and when his edgy silhouette came into view, Jasmine smiled dreamily.

Luke strolled up to Jasmine, placing his hands on the bed. He leaned toward her and brushed the warm curve of her lips with his own.

“We’re here,” he said. He saw her look around again. “You don’t need your clothes. My lakeshore home sits on seven acres of its own land. There’s no one around to see you or hear you scream for miles.” His eyes delved into hers, making Jasmine tremble slightly.

He chuckled and stood back upright, holding his hand out for her to take. “Let’s go.”

Without another thought, Jasmine removed the silk sheets. They slid from her body, and she accepted Luke’s hand, and then with an easy transition, he pulled Jasmine across the sheets on her knees where he gathered her in a sweep of his strong arms.

Jasmine held on to his neck as Luke strolled purposefully up the hardwood steps onto the deck and down the metal ramp that connected his yacht to the wooden landing. His chest was still bare, and Jasmine felt so relaxed in the comfort of his torso. Luke’s thermal body was packed with impenetrable muscle, and the beard that hung from his chin held a fragrance of recently washed shampoo. As he walked, Jasmine only watched Luke, seeing him in a new light since they’d connected intimately.

“You know if I were trying to kidnap you, you would have no way to escape or know where I was holding you since you’re not paying attention, sweetheart.”

“It’s because I don’t care,” she said, her voice thick and sultry.

Luke glanced down at her soft delicately round face and temptingly curved mouth.

“Hmmm, now I’m even more inclined to abduct you,” he said, sticking his face between her neck to nuzzle her chin. A wave of hotness held them close, but Luke’s movements never paused.

Jasmine giggled from the pleasure she felt with him being so near.

“Hey, mister, you’ve got to watch where you’re going. You’re carrying a naked lady here.”

A dark rumble trekked from Luke.

“So, I am, but you don’t have to worry about that. I know this place like the back of my hand. I could walk here with my eyes closed.”

It was then that Jasmine turned her face from his to their surroundings. Her mouth fell open. “Oh, my goodness.”

What appeared to be a two-story cottage sat housed on a long stretch of lawn. A stone pathway ran to a wooden three stair porch, and rose bushes were planted from the side of the porch where they disappeared around the house. Jasmine’s eyes twinkled in the moonlight, and she couldn’t help but wonder if the land had its own garden.

She looked back at Luke with wide eyes.

“Does it have a—”

“Yes,” he answered.

A soft wind sailed from her lips in a gasp. “Really?” she half-crooned, half-cried.

Luke stared at her. “You didn’t think I’d pick this place out without you in mind, did you? How else would I have the serenity I required while visiting here?”

Jasmine’s heart thumped and swelled altogether. “Luke…”

He kissed the tip of her nose.

“I can’t believe you did all of this because of me.”

“Why?”

“You just seemed to spend the better part of your yesteryears avoiding me.”

Luke breathed deeply. “I told you—”

“I know,” she said, “and even though you did, it still amazes me.” She paused. “The things we put ourselves through just because of what we think is supposed to happen or because we believe our life has a specific sequence.” She paused again. “All of the years we missed being together only to end up…” She paused once more.

“It’s never too late. As long as we have breath in our bodies, we’re presented with an opportunity,” Luke said. His footing moved up the stairs where he opened the hardwood screen door. Without inserting a key, Luke turned the knob and strolled inside. Fresh pinewood floated from the room, and Jasmine took in a good whiff with a smile.

“Mmm,” she said, “delightful.”

“You like?”

“Yes.”

Luke kissed her nose again, and with Jasmine still in his arms, strolled down a long hallway disappearing into a huge carpeted room where he placed her on a lounge chair. Jasmine glanced around at the wooden structure, noticing the soft layer of material under her bum.

“Is this the only room with carpet?” she asked inquisitively.

“No.”

Luke strolled into another open doorway that Jasmine figured was his closet. He was inside for a long minute before he returned with an oversized shirt.

“Who says I want to put on clothes?” she asked daringly.

A mischievous allure fashioned Luke’s face.

“If you don’t, this tour stops right here, right now.” He crouched down in front of her, spread her legs, then licked his spectacular manly lips, “Then… dinner.” His gaze darkened, and a tremor slipped down Jasmine’s spine.

At the same time, her stomach growled, but where her body craved nutrition, another part of her desired a different kind of meal. Hearing her body’s response, Luke settled on his knees and helped cover Jasmine in his shirt.

“You should eat.” He rose to his feet and held out his hand.

“We,” Jasmine said, “We should eat.”

Luke tilted his head.

“First you.” His voice dipped. “Then me.”

A coat of heat smacked Jasmine in her belly. She knew good and well that he wasn’t referring to food for himself. She pulled her lips in and rubbed them together, giggling nervously.

Luke linked their fingers as Jasmine rose to her feet.

“Follow me.”

They moved back out of the room, trailing in the opposite direction that they’d come from. Jasmine took note of the shelves outlining the wall. They appeared freshly sawed and newly stained.

“Did you make these?”

Luke glanced in the direction of her gaze, and he paused.

“Yeah. It was two summers ago.” He rubbed his chin with the pad of his thumb.

“So, your woodwork wasn’t just a hobby when you were younger then,” she said with revelation.

Still holding one of her hands, Luke placed the other in his jean pockets.

“I guess you could call it a hobby. I never did anything with it to consider it a profession.”

Jasmine ran her hand up and down the smooth finish of the lumber.

“You may not have, but this is prime cut wood. Have you ever thought about selling your crafts? People would pay for professional work like this.”

“You think so?”

She eyed him. “Of course, Luke.” She covered his brawny hand with both of hers. “This work is amazing. I mean, look at the detail in this finish.” She stepped closer to the shelf and ran her fingers around the timber. “It’s top-notch. I’m actually surprised you haven’t worked with my brother yet. Jacob’s passionate about architectural structures, it’s his whole thing.”

Luke grinned and thumbed his jaw some more.

“He’s mentioned it a time or two.”

“So, what’s holding you back?”

Luke thought about it for a second. “While I love working with my hands, I’ve only considered this to be a sort of escape for me. Not necessarily something I could turn into a profitable business. My first priority has always been advocating for the youth in our city and making sure I make a difference for Chicagoans period. I guess you can say that’s always been, my thing.” He smirked.

Jasmine nodded. “I get that, but there’s no reason why you can’t have it all.”

Luke’s fingers left his chin and glided to hers.

“I’ve always loved that about you. Forever the optimistic.”

Jasmine’s bashful bat of her eyes coiled around his heart.

“We have more in common than you know,” she said.

“Oh, I know,” he responded.

They chuckled. “Well, let me tell you what I love about you,” she said.

Luke’s dark gaze brightened.

“I’ve never met a man so vehement about the needs of others outside of my family. Most men only care about what’s good for themselves, and the politicians,” she whistled, “they’re just good at pretending they care.”

Luke chuckled again.

“Besides that, whether you know it or not, I watched you probably more closely than you watched me growing up.”

“I doubt that very seriously,” he objected.

“How do you think I knew you were spying on me in my father’s orchard?”

Luke went to respond, but his reply eluded him.

“It’s because I was watching you before you noticed me.”

He stared down at her, half-surprised and dispelling her confession in the same thought. As much as Luke kept up with Jasmine, he couldn’t imagine she’d been the one keeping close tabs on him.

“When my brothers would meet you after school for basketball practice, I was your cheerleader before you ever had one. I’d stand in the shadows of the bleachers off to the side where no one could see me and observe you. When you decided to take bike riding classes, I watched you practice a few times, but one day you almost caught me, so I disappeared and never returned.” She blushed, and Luke’s eyes widened as he snapped his fingers.

“That was you,” he said, awestruck. “I swore that day I saw you, and I figured I was just losing my mind when you were nowhere to be found.” He grabbed her chin and pulled her close. “Girl, don’t you know I looked for you everywhere. I even roughed up some of the guys that were there, thinking you were with them. They thought I was crazy, and after not finding you, I thought maybe I was crazy, too.”

Jasmine giggled. “I’ve never cut and run so fast in my life. My heart was racing when I flew inside the house and ran right into Jonathon.”

Luke shook his head. “Had me looking like a madman. What did Jonathon say?”

“The usual. He could tell I was up to something with my eyes all wide and my hand over my chest.” She imitated Jonathon’s voice. “‘What’s wrong with you?’ He’d said. I told him nothing was wrong, and he needed to watch where he was going.” She laughed. “I tried to play it off and move along like he was the one that ran into me, but you know Jonathon never gives up that easy. Jonas is the oldest, but Jonathon is the one that acts like he’s my father.”

Luke nodded, knowing it was true.

“He followed me in the room and asked me over and over what was wrong. He knew I was lying, but I shouted to high heaven to get him out of my face.”

They both laughed. “Finally, he did, and I breathed a sigh of relief. The next time I saw you, you were glancing at me all weird, and my heart just started beating fast again. I knew you had seen me, but I also could tell you weren’t sure, or you would’ve asked.” She reached up and slipped her fingers around his ear then covered the side of his face with her hand.

“I saw how you stood up for students who were lowerclassmen. I watched you tutor a few after hours. I couldn’t miss the busybodies that fawned all over you either, and you were nice to the girls, but I could tell they didn’t interest you as much as you did them.

“I’ve always adored you, Luke, so when you showed up in the orchard, I thought just maybe you’d finally noticed me.” His gaze softened. “But then you never said anything, and I was too chicken at the time to approach you until I just couldn’t take it anymore.” She paused. “That didn’t turn out the way I hoped. Well… it did in the beginning. I can’t tell you how much that kiss meant to me. But when you left, I felt like the world was on my shoulders. My heart was so heavy.”

Luke removed his hand from his pocket and wrapped Jasmine in the safe haven of his arms. He went to speak, but Jasmine placed a soft kiss on his lips. Luke’s eyes shut as he exhaled into her kiss.

“You don’t have to apologize again. I’m only telling you this because I want you to know what was going on in my mind then. There’s no need to keep apologizing.” She spoke against his mouth. “The years leading up to now I was just as tortured as you, but I put all of that strength into fighting for the justice of the people and propelling my career. So, you see, this is why I said we have more in common than you know.” Luke’s eyes faltered. “And now,” Jasmine continued. “I love you more than life itself.”

Luke’s heart flipped, and with haste, his hands moved recklessly to her neck where he gripped her there and crushed his mouth to hers.

Consumed, Jasmine moaned, and the heat from their mouths scorched their faces.

“I love you so fucking much,” Luke murmured in a growl. “Say you’ll never leave me. I want you all to myself.” He spoke and kissed then dropped his mouth down her face and bit her chin.

A whimpering yelp fled her lips as his hands discovered her body all over again. Heat rushed like a waving storm that crashed against their hearts and juggled their libidos to the point of a shattering orgasm.

“Ooooh my God,” Jasmine panted. “Luke…”

He snatched her off her feet, lifting Jasmine in a slam against his chest. Her legs found their place around his hips, and she clung to his neck as Luke relieved her of his shirt. It was rough and disorganized as they rushed to feel each other skin to skin. A zipper ripped, and Jasmine’s back hit the wall just as an impending, soul snatching pressure filled her pussy.

“Oh, my Goooood!” she yelled out, her back arching so sharp that she pushed them from the barrier but left her shoulders teetering against the structure. Her vagina throbbed, and Luke deep stroked her as if he were drilling the mill for black diamonds.

“Oooooh, Luke! Baby, baby, baby!”

Luke had completely turned into a roughhousing unhinged savage that couldn’t be held down. His hips bucked as he exited her cavern to the tip of his dick only to slam back inside her with trotted thrusts.

“Ah!” Jasmine yelped, and her breasts bounced with every vibrating stroke Luke nailed her with.

“Say you’ll never leave me.” Luke smashed his lips back to hers, and he pummeled her well as he consumed her mouth. His tongue trailed inside and fought against her tongue in a power move that had them each trying to take over the other’s soft prodding muscle. He managed to push the words out again. “Say you’ll never leave me, Princess.”

Showered in heat, Jasmine moaned into his mouth, “I promise, I promise.” Her sex had never throbbed so much.

“I’m not letting you go,” Luke swore, determined to fill her until she could no longer stand it. “Tell me to whom you belong,” he growled.

“Aaaaaaah!” Jasmine shouted in a shudder from his intimidating thrusts.

Luke’s hand sailed around her neck as he bit down on her bottom lip, chin, and trailed to her neck where he pierced her flesh with his fangs.

“Oh my God! You, you, you!”

He propelled her, making sure when she came her orgasm would squirt so hard he would be coated with it.

“Fuuuuu-ck!” he barked, slamming into her pussy, sliding and slipping, slaps penetrating between the vibration that struck them sequentially.

“I’m gonna!”

“Come with me, baby,” his voice drummed.

“Ooooo!” Jasmine wailed, and her body shook as a sudden weight dropped from her bottom. Her eyes lurched, and her ears popped, and her body torched with a tornado of chills. She couldn’t say another word. She was stuck, again, and this time had been just as blissful as the last.

“I love you so much,” Luke whispered, kissing her mouth and chin. She could feel his dick pulsating, and she knew he’d found his release inside her. The fear she thought would be there wasn’t. They’d just had sex a second time without protection. There could be consequences behind what they’d just done. But Jasmine didn’t care. She trusted him fully. She knew him, and more than anything, she was exuberantly, unequivocally in love with Luke Steele.





Chapter Thirteen





Jasmine’s body had never felt so light. She sat perched on a stool, watching Luke as he prepared their dinner. While he melted butter in a large skillet, Jasmine’s thoughts strayed to their lovemaking in the hallway. Her eyes dashed over his fingers as he added leeks, salt, and pepper to the dish. But her mind felt his skin scolding against hers as he fucked her to surrender. She almost broke into a sweat just thinking about it. It tickled her to feel so much pleasure. Jasmine couldn’t recall feeling this way in the twenty-six years of her life. Maybe because this was a love she never knew but one that had always been within her reach.

“That smells so good.”

Luke turned to her voice, flashing Jasmine with a handsome grin.

“I hope it tastes even better,” he said.

Jasmine’s forehead crinkled. “You don’t know?”

“Nah, I’ve never cooked a day in my life. I just watched my mom do it so many times I figured I’d make you my guinea pig.”

Jasmine’s eyes widened, and she was suddenly nervous.

“Um, maybe we should order in,” she said.

Luke’s barbaric laugh sent chills across her flesh. He took a step back from the stove with the oversized spoon still in hand and bent over to laugh. His guffaw was contagious, making Jasmine’s own lips spread into a smile.

“That was mean, wasn’t it?” she said with a giggle still on her tongue.

Luke straightened and turned to her with a slow stroll to the kitchen island.

“I like your straightforwardness. I expect nothing less.” His dimples were pronounced as he held on to his grin. “I was just kidding though. I am a single man. Who do you think cooks for me on a regular basis?”

“Hmmm, Milo perhaps?” she said in reference to his personal chef.

“Milo isn’t around every day, so you know what that means. Someone has to do the cooking, and that person would be…”

He pointed to himself and winked. Jasmine blushed, feeling silly that she’d requested takeout over his warm meal. Luke reached for her face and tugged her chin then returned to the skillet where he finished preparing their supper.

He dressed two plates and sat the proper silverware in front of Jasmine.

“Shrimp, leek, and spinach pasta,” he announced. “Cooked with unsalted butter, heavy cream, salt, pepper, a zest of lemon, spinach, leeks, and shrimp.”

The strong smell wafted from the food, making Jasmine’s stomach rumble. She held her hands out and grabbed his.

“Come on,” Jasmine said, “we gotta pray really fast because I’m about to swallow this in two point five seconds.”

Luke’s dark laugh didn’t stop Jasmine’s prayer. She dropped her head, shut her eyes, squeezed his hands, then said, “Thank you, Jesus, Amen.”

As soon as she finished, her eyes popped back open, and she reached for her fork while Luke continued to laugh.

“Amen,” he said with a nod, sitting down comfortably on the stool that sat in front of her.

Jasmine wasted no time twirling the pasta around the fork to take a quick bite. The flavors burst on her tongue, and her eyes popped toward him in a wordless stare. Luke held a faintly amused gleam in his eye just as his tongue left his mouth for a stroll across his lips.

“Good?”

Jasmine made sure to swallow every bit of the food on her tongue before responding.

“Oh Luke, this is … damn.”

His laugh was infectious, causing Jasmine to share his mirth. She twirled more pasta on her utensil and ate her meal in record time, beating Luke to the finish line. He poured her a cold glass of water then sat a champagne flute next to it.

“Would you care for a glass of Moet?”

“That would be nice.”

Luke strolled to the fridge where he removed a bottle of Moet & Chandon Ice Imperial champagne. Jasmine eyed him as Luke popped the corked then filled her glass halfway.

“Do you mind if I have seconds?” she asked, referring to the food.

“You’re still hungry?”

“Yeah. We worked up quite an appetite.”

Luke’s grumbling laughter tickled her skin.

“Of course.” He removed her plate and headed for the stove. After adding more pasta, he turned to find Jasmine staring and taking a sip of her champagne.

“How does it taste?” he asked.

“It’s all good,” her throaty voice said. “The food, the champagne,” she paused. “You.”

Luke’s ever-growing smile tingled her skin as he strolled up to her lying Jasmine’s plate back in front of her.

“I think I’ll have seconds, too,” he said.

“Yeah?”

He nodded. “We might need the fuel.”

A swirl of warmth layered over Jasmine, and she lifted her fork on a twirl in the pasta. If Luke said they may need more fuel, she would make sure her tank was full. Besides the delicious ache between her thighs, more of him meant she was in for a possible midnight marathon that Jasmine wouldn’t deny him or the constant craving that brimmed inside of her.

They ate with no words spoken between them but both with heavy thoughts sailing through their minds. This time it was Luke who finished before Jasmine. Toward the end of her second plate, she slowed down, clearly full.

“Don’t stuff yourself,” he said.

“Whew, I think I did, but it was damn good.”

Luke chuckled. “Let’s work some of that off.”

Jasmine’s eyes rose, and at her sudden angst, Luke shook his head.

“That’s not what I meant.” He chuckled and stood from the chair then traipsed around to stand in front of her. “I want to show you something.”

Jasmine rose before him, and her five feet, seven inches didn’t compare to his six foot three.

“Would you like to take your glass?” He nodded over at her champagne flute.

“Only if you’ll fill it back up.”

He chuckled again and refilled her glass halfway.

“How’s that?”

She nodded.

“Okay.” He linked their fingers with one hand as the other held on to his own glass. They strolled across the kitchen, and Jasmine shuddered at the cold tile that touched her bare feet.

Feeling her quiver beside him, Luke glanced her way.

“Cold?”

She blushed. “My feet.”

He glanced down at her nude pedicured toes.

“Come, let’s get you some socks.”

They cut through the same corridor they’d made love in and reentered the master bedroom. The socks that Luke offered her were so big and long that they rose up midcalf.

They both burst out laughing at the ridiculous look of it.

“Tomorrow, we’ll get you something that’s a better fit.”

“Tomorrow?”

“Yeah, unless you have something on the agenda, that is.”

“Hmm, let me think about it.”

Luke’s bottom lip fell as he gave her a puppy dog frown. Jasmine smirked, and heat rose to her cheeks.

“You said you’d never leave me,” he added for good sympathy points.

A gasp flew from her lips, and her mouth hung open.

“That’s not what I—” She paused when his frown took on a deeper lean. “You’re taking it the wrong way.” His frown deepened even more, and Jasmine tossed her head back and laughed. “You are so bad for this!”

Luke’s frown turned into a smirk. “I didn’t say in what context I never wanted you to leave. I just said, say you’ll never leave me, and you did.”

Jasmine shook her head in disbelief.

“We have more campaigning to do tomorrow,” she quipped.

“Later,” he said.

“Now is not the time to slack off. We’ve got to make sure to get you in office.”

“Later,” Luke said again.

“Samuel Jenkins will hop on the chance to show his face or make some miracle happen while you’re missing in action,” she protested. “We should campaign if we—”

Luke’s hands circled Jasmine’s waist, and he pulled her to meet the solid ridge in his chest. His light brown eyes bore into her heavily, staring her down so hard Jasmine became suddenly transfixed.

“Later,” he said, ending the fight right then and there. “Nothing could make me shorten this time with you. Not a campaign, not a fight, not a state of emergency,” he promised. “You know why? Because I’ve campaigned for you all my life. I’ve fought the ability to have you this close, and as far as I’m concerned, the only thing that feels like an emergency is being with you right here, right now.”

Jasmine swallowed but didn’t rush to use her tongue. She nodded, and his hands traveled from her waist, up her arms, to her neck where he tilted her chin and laid a warm kiss on its edge. He then moved to her lips, the tip of her nose, and finally her forehead.

“Now that we’ve got that covered. Let me show you what I intended to before we came on the hunt for socks, yeah?”

Jasmine nodded again as the butterflies in her stomach wreak havoc on her guts. They slow strolled together, fingers linked and at their side. Jasmine was becoming accustomed to seeing Luke bare-chested. The strength he wielded was shown in the bulk of his biceps and the cut alpines that shaped his shoulders. The jeans that rode his hips added to his sexy, dominant allure, and Jasmine never knew jeans could become her clothing of choice until just then.

Through the kitchen to access another door across the room, Luke held onto Jasmine’s hand while the other propped the door open to let her enter before him. The smell of fresh wood hit her nose with a tingle, making her react with a wiggle of her nose. Luke stepped in and hit a switch on the wall, and the room illuminated. Jasmine’s eyes adjusted to the light, taking in the three large tables with wood stacked on top. Saws, rulers, screwdrivers, and hammers were just a few tools within her sight. Her face lit up immediately.

“Wow are you serious with this room?”

She glanced at Luke in astonishment.

“I am. Being in here helped me get through some tough times.”

Jasmine’s fingers loosened from his, and she stepped forward in a slow stroll around the room. More tools sat in trays and shelves that were mounted on the walls. Around the base interior, benches of all shapes, sizes, and cabinetry sat against the wall. Jasmine crouched down in front of a particular bench that caught her eye. She took a caressing hand over the seat then paused and glanced over at Luke.

“This looks just like the bench in my father’s orchard.”

Luke didn’t respond, only accessed the emotion on her face. She didn’t appear to be upset or anxious, but he couldn’t read exactly what she felt.

A hand slipped across Jasmine’s lips, and she looked back to the bench with awe.

“The detail,” she said, seeing the exact curve and finished stain as her father’s. “Wow.”

She rose to her feet. “You are so talented.”

Luke breathed out a sigh, his feet moving to stand in front of her.

“I can show you how to craft it. If you’re willing to learn a thing or two.”

The warmth of her smile echoed in her voice. “I would love that.”

With beautiful candor, Luke’s mouth spread into a sexy grin.

“I mean, you’ll have to follow my instructions to the T.”

Jasmine gave him an open-mouthed gawk. “You say that as if I don’t follow instructions well.”

Luke chuckled. “Not, Jasmine Alexandria Rose,” he joked.

Jasmine gasped. “You’re mocking me!”

Luke reached for her arms, slipping his hand down to meet her fingers.

“I know you don’t do it on purpose, but Jas, sometimes you’re so quick to lead that you don’t follow.”

Jasmine didn’t know whether to be offended or understanding. However, the more she thought of it, in almost every situation she’d been in, in her life, she’d at some point taken the lead. And majority of the time, no one stopped her. She went to object just as it was in her nature to do so.

“But—”

“Are you willing to learn how to make this bench?”

Jasmine paused her objection. “Yes.” She folded her arms defiantly, and Luke laughed.

“Why are you folding your arms. Do we have beef now?”

Jasmine pursed her lips and stuck her chin out with a smirk at the corners of her mouth.

Luke wrapped her in his arms, drowning her in a cascade of heat. He dropped his mouth to her ear. “Even the best leader must learn to take constructive criticism.”

“And I plan to,” she said.

He kissed the side of her head. “Okay, come over here.” He pulled her over to the middle table where a slab of wood lied on top of it.

“Wait, are you going to teach me with no shirt on?”

“Would you feel better if I put on a shirt?”

“Well, yeah. And maybe a helmet, a bulletproof vest, and possibly some knee pads. Who knows if this saw might go crazy on us.”

Luke’s smile spread so fast that they both were leaning in laughter before he could pause to find out if she was serious.

“You believed me, didn’t you, tell the truth!” Jasmine laughed.

Luke planted his hands on his cut hips and shook his head.

“Girl, you had me going for a minute there.”

Jasmine’s laughed elevated. “I know, I could tell, you had a quick pause like what?”

Luke’s laughter was full-hearted, and he drew her into his chest then tweaked her nose. “I’ll put on a shirt, how about that?”

Jasmine nodded. “That’ll work. I know you’re all macho man and everything, but—”

“You said that not me, remember that,” he said, releasing her to walk away. “I’ll be right back.’

Luke disappeared into the house, and Jasmine sipped on her wine and strolled the room on the opposite side. The space appeared recently renovated, and she couldn’t help but wonder if he’d built the add-on himself. The door creaked, gaining Jasmine’s attention. Luke strolled through the door with a sleeveless T-shirt covering his chest.

“Better?” he asked.

“I asked you to put on a shirt to cover your arms and chest just in case the wood tried to strike you while we’re working.”

“Yeah, I figured that. But I think we’ll be okay.”

“You think?”

Luke cracked a smile. “You know if I didn’t know any better, I’d think you were stalling, Miss Rose.”

Jasmine drank the rest of her champagne then sat the flute on a neighboring table.

“Let’s do this.” She strutted back to the middle table, and Luke met her there.

He grabbed her waist and placed her firmly in front of him. Bending just a hair, Luke took her hands in his. “Get used to the way our hands fit together.” He linked their fingers. “You’ll need to keep your hands cupped beneath mine, and I will assist you with cutting the wood.” His lips just barely touched the top of her ear, but the warmth of his mouth covered her with a tremor of heat. “If you move outside of my rhythm, that’s when an accident can occur.”

Jasmine nodded.

“Okay.” Luke moved away from her and retrieved a pair of safety glasses and a hearing protector.

“Do you plan to wear headgear and safety goggles?”

He paused. “Do you think I should?”

“I was hoping you would. I’d love to see you in costume.”

Luke’s thick brow arched. “In costume, huh?” He closed in on her. “I’ll be your private dancer if you want me to, girl.”

Jasmine’s smile deepened, and she reached out just as Luke reached out to her. Up on one another, Luke slipped the headphones over her head to fit Jasmine’s ears. She tilted on her feet to place a kiss on his jaw, and in turn, Luke’s mouth brushed against the top of her head.

“You won’t be able to hear me during this process, so we’re going to start slow. I want to make sure the dust isn’t overbearing for you. If so, I’ve got a face mask. But, we’re going to start with a smaller size lookalike bench.”

Jasmine smiled softly. “Okay…” The nervousness in her tone gave Luke pause.

“You good?”

“Yeah.” She nodded.

“Sure?”

Jasmine gave a light chuckle. “Yeah, I’m good.”

“Okay.”

With the glasses in hand, he took a step back and covered her eyes with the protective wear. He repositioned Jasmine and placed his hands on top of hers. Luke’s warm fingers came with static energy that sent a quiver racing through Jasmine’s bloodstream. They were in position and easily Luke turned the circular saw on. It vibrated underneath their palms, and Luke masterfully drove the saw through the wood. He paused then took them in another direction. Small dust particles flew around them, but they moved forward.

Another round of cutting, and Luke shut the saw off, and Jasmine glanced into his brown eyes.”

“How does that feel?” his baritone voice drummed.

“It was good. You make it seem so easy.”

He grinned. “Would you like to finish?”

“Yeah, I was wondering why you stopped.”

Laughter barked from him, and he responded by removing the board they’d cut and getting back into position. When they resumed together, they cut the seat and backrest. The simplicity of the craft and the power beneath Jasmine’s fingers seemed to merge with her will, and she felt renewed and in control. As they cut the slab for the legs, Jasmine’s grip on the saw tightened, and without notice, she took control of the tool. A buzz hummed loudly when she tried to make a turn, and feeling the shift, Luke cut the saw off immediately. Jasmine released the apparatus and turned with a question on her lips.

“What happened?” She folded her hands together and glanced back at their cut.

“Look at me,” Luke said. She turned around and lifted her bubbly eyes to him.

“I’m sorry,” she said quickly, realizing her mistake. She smirked, bashfully.

“You’re good. You said you trust me, right?”

“I do.”

He nodded. “You almost had it, but I hadn’t given you the reins yet. Let’s try again.” They turned toward the plank of wood and cuffed their hands together. “Let me lead you, and when you’re ready, I’ll release your hands, and you’ll be on your own.”

Jasmine nodded then swallowed. “Okay.” She smiled, and Luke flipped the switch on the saw. While he spoke about leading her in the practice of cutting the wood, Jasmine’s thoughts shifted, and she imagined Luke as a different kind of leader.

The leader of their city, the leader of the community, she even saw him as the leading man in her life. But hadn’t she always? No, but she’d dreamed of it a thousand times. And now being in this moment, acquiring a skill she never thought about learning from him made her feel so complete it was scary.





Chapter Fourteen





“Did we really just do this?”

Jasmine stared with wide eyes and an open-mouthed gawk.

“You did,” Luke responded.

She folded her arms across her chest.

“Actually, I couldn’t have done this without you.”

Three hours and twenty-eight minutes later, a new crafted wooden bench sat before them. The task of sawing the planks was just the beginning; the drilling of nails and overall assemblage gave Jasmine a new appreciation for handcrafted things. Her eyes glimmered over the newly stained finish, and with her fingers, she reached to adjust the mask covering her face, pulling it just below her chin.

“I just helped you cut the wood. You did everything else on your own,” Luke said. “Turns out you do follow instructions pretty well,” he joked.

Jasmine swatted at him. “I probably would more often if I trusted the person giving me direction.”

They held one another’s gaze.

“Most of the time, I feel the individual behind whatever mission I’m on at the time doesn’t have the heart I do about what we’re conquering.”

Luke chuckled at her word usage. “Conquering, huh?”

“Yeah.”

“You might be right, or perhaps you’d just rather do it yourself because you know without a doubt that the task would get done properly.”

“Bingo,” she said.

They chuckled.

“Thank you, Luke.”

“You’re welcome, Princess.”

He winked, and she blushed, and his feet moved two steps, bringing him face to face with her.

“I want to show you something else.”

She dropped her eyes, giving him a naughty peer. Luke guffawed.

“Not that,” he chuckled, “not this time anyway… unless of course, you’re down for another round of—”

Jasmine giggled with glee when he wrapped his arms around her, lifting her in a slide up his chest. Nose to nose, they stared at each other.

“Why is it that I feel like I can do anything with you?” she said.

He rubbed the tip of his nose against hers, and his eyes faltered.

“Because you can.”

The timbre of his voice made her shudder, and she tilted her head back, her lips meeting his in a soft, simmering kiss.

“Whatever you want to show me, I do want to see it, but as you said earlier, later…”

Jasmine pulled out of his embrace and retracted her steps slow and sultry before turning her back to him and lifting the shirt over her head. Her nakedness made his dick hard instantly. So hard that it pained him as it prodded against his jeans.

He rushed her, scooping her body up and exiting the wood room to get to the bedroom. Their lips smashed together and making it to his master suite was becoming a task neither of them wanted to wait for. They ended up in the kitchen on the edge of the counter, with Jasmine’s legs tossed over his shoulders and Luke pumping into her fountain with renewed vigor.

“Aaaaah!” she screamed with her head tossed back and her eyes closed.

“Look at me,” he said, pummeling her pussy with no remorse.

“Aaah fuck, Luke!”

“I can’t see you.” His baritone voice sent a tremor over her skin along with the vibrant springs he drove into her vagina.

Her eyes opened on a soul-sucking kiss as his lips swallowed her up, only heightening the association of heated chills streaming from her entire body. Her moans and scuffled shouts were swallowed by the intense snatching of his tongue, and her legs quaked something awful with the fierce beat of his drum. Hips that were strong and dominant worked in circles while dipping and digging in a constant dynamic pound and fired an orgasm from her so fast that she wasn’t aware until it happened.

“Oooooh my God!” she cried out, completely dizzy and unstable.

His thrashing didn’t stop, never slowed, and wasn’t on the radar of release.

“Luke!” she cried, gripping his shoulders in joyful ecstasy. “Luke!”

He bit up her neck then sucked the arch in her throat as his hips continued to push her to the limit.

“Luke!”

“Come again, baby,” he murmured, his tongue sliding down to finger her breasts. “Come for Luke again,” he groveled, sucking a hard nipple into the hot cove of his mouth.

Jasmine’s teeth crushed together, and her eyes crossed as she went stiff when an explosive rush of warmth bursts from her pelvis.

“Shiiiiiiiiit!” Luke barked, coming off her areola as he experienced his own earth-shattering release. His mouth ate up her chin and sucked in her lips, as tears streamed down Jasmine’s face. Luke’s groove slowed but didn’t stop until the tingling energy that ran amuck through their system practically electrified them.

“Oh!” Jasmine yelled one last time for good measure. Her body sizzled right down to the bone.

Without pulling out of her, Luke scooped her off the counter and marched from the kitchen to the bedroom. Jasmine was completely limp and in dire need of rescue. The problem was the one that would come to save her was the very person who held her hostage. For the life of Jasmine, she couldn’t believe her good fortune. Was it truly possible to love someone who loves you just as passionately and who completely meets the need of everything your heart desires?

It sounded like something right out of a fairy tale, but as Luke lied her down on his California king bed, kissing her body from her collarbone down past her belly, Jasmine knew fairy tales were meant to come true. With a floating euphoric hovering of her eyes, Jasmine could feel every bone in her body relax just as Luke’s mouth seized her throbbing pussy.

Her eyes shot into saucers, and her mouth stretched wide on a gasp as Luke made love to her again and again throughout the long stretch of the night.





The shrill of the alarm is what ultimately brought Jasmine back to life. Her head turned to and fro as she tried to figure out which direction to swat her arm in. A single string of light gave her direction, and she tossed to the side finding her phone hiding underneath a noted piece of paper. Drawing both the article and smart device in the palm of her hand, Jasmine tapped the screen to hush the alert. Her vision focused in on the time, 11 a.m. Her brows lurched in surprise. How long had this thing been going off, she wondered. Since her alarm was on a constant repeat from day to day, it wasn’t unordinary that it went off now, but the hour was strangely out of order, and that meant Jasmine had slept through three hours of off and on blaring.

“Damn,” she said, fumbling with the note in her hand.

Gone to get your clothes, will be back soon. I miss you already. –Luke

Jasmine sighed, and a drift of honey floated across her nose, pulling her attention to a tray that sat idle on the nightstand. A smile cruised across her lips. How she missed the tray before baffled her, but none of that mattered now.

Planting her hands in the soft mattress, Jasmine lifted herself to rest against the headboard. She reached for the tray, and it sat perfectly over her lap, giving her a stronger smell of what lied beneath.

Removal of the cover disclosed warm buttery pancakes topped with sliced bananas, a side of scrambled eggs, bacon, strawberries, and whipped cream filled a small cup. Her mouth watered instantly. If the food was still hot, it meant Luke hadn’t been gone long unless Milo was somewhere around, and Jasmine wouldn’t put it past Luke to call Milo out to… her thoughts strayed. She’d never found out exactly where they were. Stumped, Jasmine frowned a bit and squinted her eyes as she searched for the memory of Luke telling her their destination. But it wasn’t there unless it had been lost in translation or perhaps lost in the multiple thrusts that knocked her brain into disarray. She smirked and giggled at the thought then shrugged.

She would ask when he returned, but until then she would eat as much of this food that she could stuff down her throat. Luke had a way of making her feel as if she hadn’t eaten for years. Saying a quick prayer, Jasmine dug into her meal, moaning each time the dash of flavor hit her tongue. She never quite enjoyed food the way she had within these last twenty-four hours, and she had to wonder if she’d been neglecting the little things or if Luke made everything she indulged in that much more enjoyable.

Whatever the case, Jasmine intended to pay more attention because this was absolutely living. Lowering her fork to the tray, Jasmine fumbled with the phone that she’d sat next to her. She dialed a number and lifted the phone to her ear. When she received a busy beeping signal from the other line, her lips pursed, and her forehead creased, showing her displeasure. She redialed only to receive a similar response. Her frown expanded, and she turned the phone to face to find that the signal wasn’t there.

“Hmm, that’s bizarre.”

Maybe it was the cottage. She shrugged and polished off her plate but eating so much left minimal room for the orange juice to follow. Jasmine sighed and replaced the tray, then removed the covers, and shimmied out of bed. Her feet sank into plush carpet just as an ache crawled up her spine.

“Sssss,” she hissed. “Jesus be my healer because I need you right now,” she murmured. A scatter of more aches dotted her derriere, thighs and sprung into her feet. “Okay, you know what, how about this.” She sat back down, but slowly, to keep any other twinges from coming forth. “Oooh, Jesus,” she said in a slow rock back and forth. “I promise if you help me, I won’t, um …” Jasmine couldn’t push the lie out of her mouth. She shut her lips and continued her slow rock then sank her hands into her lower back, hips, and thighs, determined to massage the speckled spasms from her loins.

“Yeah, that feels better already,” she said to herself. “Come on, girl, you’re not even thirty yet. What do you look like rocking back and forth like your bones are weary, come on!” she coached herself. To reach a signal, Jasmine would need to go outside, but the nervousness of another spasm kept her rooted to her spot.

What had Luke done to her, and why did she feel like she would need physical therapy after this? Her thoughts taunted her. You were the one who started all of this from the beginning. Talking about you want it hard, then taking your clothes off in front of the man, what did you think would happen?

Jasmine whimpered and continued to dig into her back, hips, and thighs.

“Well, I didn’t think I’d be paralyzed, Jesus!”

She blew a stream of steam in a whistle and stopped rocking.

“This is ridiculous.” Rising from her position, Jasmine strolled to the drapes carefully and pulled them back, allowing more light to fill the room.

“There,” she said. “That wasn’t so bad.”

Turning on her heels, her eyes searched the area for the socks and Luke’s shirt that she’d worn the day before. She took a step and felt the tingle of another spasm in her thigh.

“When he gets back here, he’s giving me a full body massage, period,” she said.

Slowly, Jasmine trudged around the room, but the shirt she searched for wasn’t in sight. She blew out a frustrated breath then decided to explore his closet for another. Inside the huge walking space, Jasmine’s fingers tipped alongside the clothes that hung on hangers as she perused. There was a shelf that was fixed along the base of the back wall. Going through his things when she was younger was just like when she snuck through her brothers’ things just to be nosy. But now, it felt different, as if she were meddling where she shouldn’t. What if she found something she didn’t like? Like a pair of women’s panties. Jasmine scrunched her face at the thought but proceeded. She needed clothes. If she were naked when Luke returned, he might turn her spasms into something a bit more serious. However, with the way he rocked her world, Jasmine wasn’t totally against it. Somehow, she mused that the aftermath was worth it.

Girl, you are a glutton for pain, aren’t you?

Pulling out the first drawer revealed a cluster of jewelry. Watches, rings, herringbone necklaces, different male fragrances. Jasmine’s gaze lingered over the items a second before closing the drawer and searching through the next one. Socks, a plethora of them some folded together while others were stretched out on top of one another as if he didn’t want them wrinkled were in three full drawers.

“That’s a lot of socks,” she said, reaching in to grab a pair. Jasmine continued her rummaging, finding a jersey with Colin Kaepernick’s name on the back.

“A man after my own heart,” she whispered, pulling the jersey from its hanger and turning to leave the closet. She was at the exit when she thought of grabbing one more thing, and it tickled her to imagine herself dressed in Luke’s oversized clothes. One hour and thirty minutes later, Jasmine had showered, buttered her legs with the only lotion she could find which was Luke’s infamous Brickell deep moisturizer, and finger combed her hair that she’d consider cutting down to that 1990s Toni Braxton cut. She’d always favored that style, but the fear of cutting her hair after she’d put so much time into growing it into the long Pocahontas look she had now kept her at bay. Now more than ever, she had a wanting for a fresh start. Lifting her tresses as she stared in the mirror, Jasmine turned her face from side to side like she’d done so many times before, her inner voice giving her reasons why the cut would bring out the smooth arcs in her jaw and accent the curvature of her neck.

She dropped her hair and studied the large stone bathroom, with its distressed wood for doors, cabinetry, and heavy planks that connected the ceiling in old-school cottage style. The white porcelain tub, commode, and sink added a touch of modernity to the secluded space. It gave a fresh pop of old and new that Jasmine could appreciate. White towels sat on a wooden shelf behind her, and the sanctuary held a constant smell of new wood.

Jasmine was literally at Luke’s mercy. She’d left everything on his yacht, even the purse that contained her vanilla scented body oils. After lingering a moment more, Jasmine headed to the bedroom and retrieved her cell.

The spasms that had wrecked her earlier had seemed to dissipate during the soothing bath, and Jasmine was grateful for it. Heading for the front door, with socks up to the top of her calves, Jasmine stepped outside and took in a wisp of fresh air. It was quiet, calm, and peaceful. It was the perfect place for meditating. She held her phone up and strolled down the steps and down the stone sidewalk, going as far as the pier looking for a signal. To her dismay, Jasmine never found one.

She frowned. Luke wasn’t kidding when he said the place was meant to get away from any connection to the real world. She thought about him coming out there to run away from the torment he’d felt to stay away from her. Jasmine’s heart melted, and she sighed then decided the best way to past the time until he returned was to bake something. Hopefully Luke had the ingredients she would need to at least make some muffins.

Re-entering the cottage, the floorboards creaked under her weight as she sailed through to the kitchen. Another hour later, Jasmine was bent over with an eye peering through the oven when a baritone voice spoke out.

“I knew I smelled something divine,” he said.

Jasmine yelped, and her hand dropped from the handle, and the oven shut quickly upon her release. She turned to him on her heels, her hands now balled into tight fists at her side.

“You scared the hell out of me!”

Luke strolled into the room, his massive build bringing that Brickell’s moisturizer scent with him. Jasmine’s eyes slipped from the Nikes on his feet, up his honey brown toned oiled calves that were sprinkled with hair to the casual Old Navy shorts. Her eyes floated around his crotch, taking note of the slight bulk that rested there. She shivered without warning and coached her gaze to finish its voyage up his immaculately sculpted chest, taking heed of the rippling muscles that pushed through the white button-down shirt he wore. It opened at the collar, revealing his strong neck that carried the thick stalk of muscle into his molded jaw, irresistible succulent lips, strong nose, and dynamic hazel brown gaze.

As Luke approached her, Jasmine’s feet backpedaled until her derriere bumped into the countertop.

The bags in Luke’s hand dropped with his release of them, and he planted his palms on both sides of the wooden surface, trapping her within his tall impenetrable frame.

“My apologies, I thought you would’ve heard me come through the door.”

His gaze skipped up and down her mocha brown face, and he leaned in to nudge his nose against her cheek, planting a lingering kiss against her upturned chin. The smooch was so hot a population of chills sweltered down her neck, making Jasmine shiver.

“I missed you,” he said, unmoving.

Jasmine reached for his neck, her hands grazing against his skin in a gentle caress.

“I missed you, too, and for a minute, I thought you’d never come back.”

He smirked. “And leave you here all alone?” He paused. “That is a good way to have you all to myself now that you mention it.”

Jasmine’s mouth fell open on a gasp, her lips curving at the corners. Luke’s grizzly chuckle slinked across her skin, and he pressed another hot kiss up her chin to her mouth.

“I’ve got the feeling you’re not kidding.”

His eyes shifted from side to side then he shrugged.

“Maybe not.”

Jasmine shook her head. “You could still have me all to yourself without keeping me locked up on a deserted island. Where the hell are we anyway?”

“I wondered when you would ask.”

“Well at first I didn’t care, but after waking up alone, I had to know.” Before Luke could respond, Jasmine countered, “AND, why are there no TVs, Wi-Fi, or phone signals? I couldn’t watch the news or check up on the race.”

“You already know the answer to that.”

Flabbergasted, Jasmine pursed her lips. “I didn’t know you needing reprieve meant no smoke signals,” she joked.

Luke chuckled. “It does, but in the event of an emergency, there is a satellite phone and radio.”

He reached below her to the cabinet behind her legs, and Jasmine flinched.

Glancing back at her with an arched brow, Luke questioned, “Are you okay?”

“Oh, yeah, it’s just …”

He waited then prodded when she didn’t proceed: “Just what?”

Her voice lowered, and he barely made out the words she said: “I had some issues earlier, but it’s nothing now.”

“Issues? What kind of issues?”

Jasmine breathed in a deep sigh. “Oh, you know, just a few spasms in my butt and thighs that didn’t want to go away.”

Luke abandoned his reach for the satellite radio and straightened his posture, looking over Jasmine with a keen peering eye.

“You had spasms?”

Jasmine nodded and folded her lips.

“Show me,” he said.

She turned her back to him and coasted her hands to her back, ass, thighs, and hip bone.

“All those places, huh?”

She nodded, a little embarrassed to speak. Luke’s warm hands sank into her side, and his fingers danced against her flesh in a soothing massage. Jasmine’s eyes faltered, and she propped her arms on the counter for support as her body went instantly lax.

“Why do you think you had spasms?”

“Why do you think?” she said, her retort a little spicy.

Luke’s hands sank into her ass, causing an instant throbbing to thump from her pussy. Jasmine shivered, and a moan almost fell from her lips.

“I don’t know,” Luke answered. “That’s why I asked you.”

“It was all of your poking and prodding,” she said, no longer caring about feeling embarrassed. The needling his fingers had on her flesh had aroused her and just like that Jasmine could care less about the spasms. Luke’s hands rode around to her thighs, and the tips of his fingers pressed a deep caress underneath her pelvic bone. A dizzying current waved through her, one that she couldn’t seem to throttle or shake.

“I’m so sorry, baby,” his thick voice stroked her. “I never meant to hurt you.”

Jasmine’s sultry laugh was an attempt to wave off his worries. “It was a blissful pain, trust me.”

Luke chuckled, and his hands moved down to her thighs as his fingers played her inner thigh like a musician thumbing the chords of a violin.

A tumultuous shudder trembled throughout her, and this time Jasmine did moan.

“How’s that feel?” he asked, his voice dark as if he too weren’t immune to the frenzied energy that wrapped around them.

“Good,” she half-panted. “So good.”

A buzzer went off, and Jasmine’s eyes shot up. She wiggled from his embrace but still had to deal with Luke’s elongated frame blocking her escape.

“That’s my apple pie!”

He smirked. “You made apple pie?”

“Yeah, it was the only thing I could stir up with the ingredients you have.”

Jasmine placed her hands on his chest and pushed, but it didn’t do much of anything since Luke’s stance was solid.

“Hey!” she said, desperate to get to her dessert before it overcooked.

He chuckled and moved to the side, and Jasmine shot over to the oven and opened it. She stuck her hands inside of mittens that hung against a panel on the counter and removed the pan with the hot treat.

“Oooh look, it’s perrrrfect,” she purred.

“I’ve always thought so,” Luke returned.

Jasmine turned to him with a question on her face.

“The pie?”

“Nah… you.”

A blush fell over her face, and she sat the pie on the stove.

“I’ve never thought my clothes looked so sexy before,” he said, trailing an eye over his jersey down her bare legs to his socks on her feet.

“It was the only thing I could find. Sorry for going through your wardrobe.

“It’s fine. I got you a few things.”

“Oh yeah, let me see.” She beamed.

Although Jasmine could afford practically anything she wanted, receiving a gift from Luke made her feel bubbly inside.

He lifted the bag and pulled out a pair of skinny jeans and an elbow-length short sleeve ruffled blouse. Jasmine received the gift with pleasure.

“Jeans for me and shorts for you?”

“I’m hot natured.”

“Hmm, of course.”

“And it’s a bit chilly outside.”

“I noticed.”

“You’ve been out?”

“Looking for a smoke signal.”

Luke laughed, and Jasmine joined in his chuckle.

“You never answered my question before, where are we?”

“Sheridan Cove.”

“What? I didn’t know we ventured that far down Lake Michigan.”

“That’s because you slept most of our journey.”

“Damn. You really did kidnap me.”

Luke laughed again, and he wrapped Jasmine in his arms and placed kisses all over her face.

“How about after dessert we go sightseeing?”

She puckered her lips. “Sounds good to me, but I must use the phone at some point. I’ve never gone a weekend MIA, and if I do now, who knows if my family will call missing persons.”

He kissed her behind her ear, down her neck, and across her shoulder.

“If you keep that up, we might not make it anywhere.”

A growl trekked from Luke’s throat. “I wouldn’t mind that either.





Chapter Fifteen





After enjoying two hefty slices of apple pie, Jasmine changed into her clothes then floated back to the kitchen with arms held out.

“Tada!” she said. “This fits as if I’d picked it out myself.”

“That’s because I was familiar with your body even before we made love.”

Heat filled Jasmine’s cheeks. “Is that what you call rocking my entire world throughout the night?”

Luke wiggled his brows. “Yep,” he said, taking the last bite of the pie.

“Hold up.” Jasmine sashayed closer to gain a look at the dish. The tin pan the pie had been baked in was empty. Her eyes grew as big as saucers. “You ate the rest of it?”

“It was delicious. I haven’t had pie like that since leaving my parents’ house nearly ten years ago.”

“Wow. Well, I’m glad you enjoyed it.”

“Can you teach me the magic of your baking ways?” He pleaded with his eyes.

She smiled warmly. “If you’re willing to learn a thing or two,” she said, repeating what he’d told her about the wooden bench they’d crafted the night before. “I mean, you’ll have to follow my instructions to the T.”

Luke nodded and chuckled. “I walked right into that, didn’t I?”

Jasmine laughed in return. “Sure did.”

Luke wrapped his arms around her waist, his hands sailing down to her buttocks as he stood over her. “Well, for the record,” he leaned his face to hers, swiping the tip of his nose across her forehead. “I am willing to do whatever you want. Whenever.”

Jasmine arched a brow. “Is that so?”

“Yes.”

“I’ve always wanted to ride shotgun on your bike. Can we do it tonight?”

A slow-growing smile spread across his lips.

“Let’s go.”





They left the cottage and boarded The Alexandria, sailing further down Lake Michigan. Jasmine stood on deck with her hands planted on the railings, gazing over the sapphire blue waters and ultramarine firmament. She’d styled her hair into a French braid, and it fell down her back to rest evenly in the middle. As Luke steered the yacht, she felt a calm serenity wash over her. It was an awakening occurrence that left her spinning in a delighted ecstasy.

“Enjoying the view?”

Strong arms enveloped her, circling Jasmine’s waist, cuddling her in a blanketed warmth.

“It’s beautiful,” she said, lifting her chin as Luke nuzzled her neck with his nose. There he laid a gentle kiss aside her face, and a simmering heat crawled down her skin.

“I can’t seem to get enough of you,” he said.

Jasmine blushed. “I feel the same way.” She turned her face completely to look at him as he held her from behind.

“Why don’t you come up here and help me steer this thing, then we can focus on getting to our destination.”

“Possibly,” she said with a throaty laugh. Her hands caressed his arms and slipped into his fingers that held her at the waist. Together, they strolled back to the bridge to navigate the powerboat. When they arrived at their destination, Jasmine glanced at Luke and asked, “Are we still in Sheridan Cove?”

“Yes, we’re not too far from the lakeshore house.”

She nodded then snapped her fingers. “We forgot the motorcycle!”

The alarmed despair on her face made Luke chuckle.

“Not to worry, Princess. How do you think I got around this morning?”

Her mouth closed, and she blushed. “I don’t know maybe I thought you had a chauffeur or something.”

“That’s you, with the men in black,” he responded with another light chuckle.

“You know I love to ride solo. Unless of course you’re riding with me.” He wrapped her in his arms and tickled her to death. A conglomerate of bubbly snickers fell from her as she reeled and tried desperately to get away from him.

Managing to slip out of his hands, Jasmine struck out running to the dock where she was caught trying to escape. Luke lifted her in his arms and tossed her over his shoulder as Jasmine’s laughter continued to screech.

“There’s no getting away from me now, woman,” he said.

“Okay, okay! I give up.”

“You have no choice.”

Luke sat her on her feet but pulled her in for a warm, subtle kiss before releasing her completely. He spun Jasmine in a twirl, and sitting before her perfectly still on its brake was a vivid black Harley Davidson Road King Special. It glistened off the sunlight and was custom built with an extended seat.

“That is beautiful,” Jasmine purred, strolling up to the bike next to Luke.

He turned a peering eye on her and winked.

“Let’s give this baby a ride, shall we?”

Jasmine smiled and nodded with wide eyes as if she’d be able to mark this off her bucket list.

Twenty minutes from the dock, Jasmine held tightly to Luke’s abdomen, her eyes wide with a smile that seemed stuck on her face. Her French braid lifted and fell against her back as tides of wind flew past her while they rode the small quaint streets of Sheridan Cove’s community district. Passing bistros that had outside seating where patrons ate and enjoyed the day sat on just about every corner. The exhilaration of zig-zagging around other motorists and shooting past an intersection before the yellow light turned red made Jasmine squeal and press her face into his broad back. Driving the seven hundred pound titanium steel bike, Luke smirked and hit corner after corner, giving Jasmine a ride she’d never forget. Her heart hummed with delight, and she was supremely content and abundantly alive. Jasmine gloried briefly in their shared moment and wished upon a star that their time together would never end. After another hour barreling down the streets, the sun began to set just as Luke navigated the Harley off the road through the sidewalks of a public park onto a grassy hill that overlooked the small town. He parked, and they pulled their helmets off to take in the beautiful expanse of the orange and red multicolor that stretched against the clouds and showered the town.

“This is beyond beautiful,” Jasmine said, sighing.

“Indeed.” Luke stood and tossed a leg over the back, switching positions with Jasmine.

“Wha—what are we doing?” she asked in a stutter, almost afraid to know the answer.

“I want you to get a good look.”

“Hmmm.”

“And,” he continued.

Jasmine was instantly frightened. “And what?”

“And I’ll teach you a thing or two about driving.”

“Oh no.”

She shook her head vehemently.

“Don’t worry, I’ve got you.”

“No Luke really, I don’t want to do this, don’t make me, okay?”

He glanced down into her boastful frightened eyes, and his heart melted. Placing a kiss on her cheek, he whispered into her ear, “Okay, some other time, yeah?”

“Yes.”

She breathed a sigh of relief. The slamming of her heart turned into a comfortable rhythm as she relaxed against him. Luke enfolded her with his arms and pressed his face aside hers while they continued to watch the sunset.

“You know on the way here I thought I saw a bakery,” Jasmine said.

“And let me guess you want to stop by on the way to The Alexandria.”

Jasmine smirked with a purse of her lips. “It crossed my mind.”

“Mmhmm.” He placed a kiss on her temple. “I’ll tell you what. We’ll stop at the bakery, but this doesn’t exempt you from teaching me the magic of your baking ways.”

Jasmine teetered over in laughter. “Now why would I want to do that?”

“I don’t know, but I felt like you had something up your sleeve.”

“Well, I don’t. I actually look forward to teaching you a thing or two, Professor,” she said.

Luke’s gaze darkened, and his rumbling voice grooved across her skin. “The next time I’m deep inside you, I want you to call me Professor.”

Jasmine’s eyes widened, and she laughed as her belly tickled with wicked satisfaction.

“Are we roleplaying now?”

“Sure are.”

She peered at him. “Let me find out you’ve got a thing for your students.”

Luke’s gaze lowered heavily as a frown cruised across his face.

“Hell no. You know better than that.”

Jasmine giggled. “I’m just kidding, Professor.”

Luke shivered. “That only turns me on when you say it.”

“Hmmm,” she hummed. “Better.”

At that moment, Jasmine couldn’t help but think of Sarah Middleton, but she forced herself to get rid of the disturbing picture of the student bent over Luke’s desk as he had his way with her. She shivered, repulsed.

“Cold?”

“Oh, no, just felt a little brisk of wind,” she lied.

Luke tightened his arms around her, smothering Jasmine with heat; she lounged comfortably against him while silently reprimanding herself for that tall tale.

When the sun disappeared, the town lit up as street lamps on every block illuminated the nightlife.

“We’d better head to that bakery before they close up shop,” Jasmine added.

Changing positions again, they left the park and drove the way they came, pulling into the paved parking lot storefront of The Sugar Shoppe bakery. The doorbell chimed as they walked through and met the eyes of a few patrons that were scattered about.

“Mmmm,” Jasmine cooed. “It smells delightful in here.”

“I swear in another life you were a MasterChef baker,” Luke said.

Jasmine nodded with an enthusiastic smile. “You bet I was.”

“Thank you for visiting The Sugar Shoppe. I’m Destiny, the owner.” Her milk chocolate brown skin appeared just as creamy as melted butter, and though she was clearly older with gray hair, there was not a wrinkle or crack in her flesh.

“We close in twenty minutes, but a batch of chocolate chips cookies just came out of the oven. What can I get you?”

“Hi, Destiny. I’m Jasmine, and this is—”

“Mayoral candidate Luke Steele,” Destiny pronounced. “I’m well aware of who the both of you are. You’re kind of famous.” The owner chuckled. “Never thought I’d see either of you in our little town though. What brings you over, campaigning? If so, save your breath, you’ve already got my vote. Chicago needs a change with someone young with fresh ideas. I believe the current mayor is too set in his ways and doesn’t hear us little people anymore. I’m looking forward to your first term.”

Luke and Jasmine smiled warmly at the older woman. Her hair was the shiniest silver afro either of them had ever seen before, and the bifocals that rode her nose slid just a bit as perspiration clouded at the center.

“Thank you very much,” they both said. Jasmine blushed up at Luke, and he winked down at her then held his hand out to shake Destiny’s hand.

“We didn’t come to campaign, merely to enjoy the scenic city and get a sweet treat, but I’m thankful for your vote anyway.”

That seemed to delight Destiny even more.

“Thank you very much!”

“We’ll take a few chocolate chips cookies,” he added.

“Oh great, and they’re on the house.”

“Oh no,” Luke said, “It would be my pleasure to pay for them.”

Destiny blushed, and Jasmine had to wonder if any woman was immune to his charms.

“I’ll be right back.”

Destiny disappeared through the back, and Jasmine turned to Luke.

“We didn’t tell her how many we wanted,” she whispered.

The easy smile on Luke’s face grew. “I’ve got a feeling we may walk away with our fair share.”

He was right. When Destiny returned, she had a bag full of chocolate chip cookies. They were bagged in small separate thin sheets and gathered in a medium sized custom bag with the shop’s logo on the front. Because of their warmth, some of them fell apart in their individual pockets, but that didn’t stop Luke and Jasmine from indulging in a few. They thanked the owner again, and she waved them off, locking the door and closing the blinds that hung against the windowpane behind them as they exited.

Music from a neighboring building pulled their attention.

“Oooh, that’s my song,” Jasmine said, bumping her hips against his in a silly dance.

“Is that—”

“The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill,” Jasmine finished. She peered at him. “What do you know about Lauryn Hill anyway?”

“I know enough.”

She pierced her lips and folded her arms with a raise of her brow.

“Prove it.”

Luke sat the bag of cookies on the seat and pulled Jasmine into his chest and hummed the first line of “Nothing Even Matters.”

They swayed slowly, and her smile became infectious as heat rose to her cheeks. Her arms sauntered up his chest and around his neck as they grooved there next to the bike.

“You do know the song,” she crooned.

“I told you I did. Next time don’t doubt me, woman.”

Jasmine giggled.

“If you want to hang for a bit, we can go inside.”

Her eyes twinkled with mischief. “I’d be delighted.”

Luke tightened his hold on her, and they started toward the door.

“What about our cookies?”

Luke released her and grabbed the bag then added it into a hidden compartment beneath the seat.

“Better?”

Jasmine nodded.

“Come,” he said, slipping his fingers in a link with hers.

They entered the establishment that was dark and mildly smoky from the various hookahs that sat on small round red tables. With a glance at the room’s order, Jasmine noticed that the black tables in between the red ones were empty of hookahs.

“Everyone seems to love those hookahs,” she said.

A bar was built into the lining of the wall, covering the space in a complete circle. It was designed in a way that no one would have to walk to one side or another to get a drink, and tables circled the outer ring of the dance floor. Luke led Jasmine to the dance floor, and twirling her into his chest, they grooved to the soft beats of Lauryn Hill.

The rigid wave of his pectoral chest grazed against her back as their hips undulated in a circular rhythm. Luke’s hands rested on her hips, and he slid them around her waist and up her belly.

Jasmine shivered, her breathing increasing in pace when his fingers found the aroused peaks of her breasts. He let them linger there before coasting back down to her thighs; their hips wined to the beat, carrying their sway in sync. Jasmine didn’t think it was a happenstance that suddenly her skin felt on fire. It was the man that occupied her space. His every move, his touch, the embrace of his arms kept her wanting, needing to be close to him. The song switched but neither Luke or Jasmine noticed. They continued to dance to a beat only the two could understand, and when Luke’s lips slid down the curve of her ear, Jasmine inhaled a shaky breath then exhaled slowly as her bones went completely limp against him.

He held her, and they danced the night away with only each other in their eyesight. Luke never thought loving Jasmine would fill him so completely that he couldn’t imagine life without her. He’d actually tried to live that way once upon a time, but those days were long over. To think about it now made him feel an emptiness that would disturb his way of life, and it was something he never wanted to endure.

By the time they left the bar, the darkness that covered them had brought a breeze that made Jasmine quiver. It had gotten cooler and being on the Harley now felt like a roller coaster ride on a brisk winter night. They made it to The Alexandria and boarded where Luke swept Jasmine’s shivering frame in his arms and took her below. Resting her on the bed, he kissed her on her lips and hovered there as they stared at one another with warm breaths that soothed their cool faces.

“I’ll be right back,” Luke said, turning to head for the stairs.

“Wait a minute.”

He turned back to Jasmine.

“Stay with me for a second.”

She shivered again, and Luke strolled back to her and crowded her space. Getting comfortable on the bed, Jasmine buried herself in the comfort of his chest and his natural scent was still mixed comfortably with the fragrance he wore. She rested under his chin, and Luke cuddled her in a smooth embrace where Jasmine unexpectedly fell asleep. He let her rest against his collar with his fingers threading through the thick strings of her hair. Being with Jasmine over the last few days had given him a glimpse of a picturesque future. One where he and she were together for the long haul. One he could grab and hold on to for dear life. Lying there, a pregnant version of Jasmine surfaced, her spicy retorts ordering him to grab enough ingredients from the store solely for baking her favorite treats. A smile surfaced on his lips, and he turned his head to kiss her cheek and stare at her.

“I love you,” he said against her warm skin.

Jasmine’s breathing was soft as she slept, and Luke held there another spell before sliding from underneath her and heading to the bridge to put The Alexandria on course to the lakeshore house.

When they arrived, Luke docked, carried Jasmine inside, and put her in bed. He thought to remove her clothes, but if she desired it in the middle of the night, he would assist her no matter the time. However, Jasmine slept as if her day had been filled with bustling activity, and instead, Luke spooned her until she stirred the next day.





Chapter Sixteen





The warmth of Luke’s skin made her succumb to slumber, but now it was the thing that stirred her. Jasmine opened her eyes on a yawn, and her limbs unfolded from the cocoon she was wrapped in to stretch. Blinking rapidly, her thoughts retreated to the last memory she had, falling asleep in Luke’s arms on The Alexandria. She smiled contentedly, and as if her hearing was just catching up to her awakening, a news report could be heard close to her far right. Her forehead creased, and she turned toward the sound to find Luke awake with his head resting on a stacked pillow. On the nightstand, the satellite radio hummed the morning report for the city of Chicago.

Poll numbers taken early this morning revealed a rise in Incumbent Mayor Jenkins chances of renewing his term as Chicago’s next mayor. Before his press conference on Saturday morning’s incident, the city was in a frenzy, and protesters were already gathered outside the office of the Superintendent officer.

To update anyone who may have been living under a rock, the last twenty-four hours have been a nightmare for the city as Darren King, an African American twenty-three-year-old male, was beaten and forcibly dragged by handcuffs because of a 911 call that said a man matching King’s description broke into the Eagles Food Express Mart on 103rd and Avalon.

Video footage of Officer Ronald Baker using force to arrest the man before questioning him has everyone on edge. Darren King is now in Jackson Park Hospital in ICU, and though the community is demanding justice, very little hope had been given until Mayor Jenkins’ assurance that an investigation into the matter was underway, and justice would be served.

Jasmine untangled herself from Luke’s hold.

“Oh my God!”

A plethora of chills moved from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet.

“We’ve got to get out of here!”

She peeled back the covers and jumped from the soft king size bed that threatened to pull her back under. When she saw Luke blink, she paused and frowned.

“Come on, Luke, we have to go, now!”

It was then that Luke moved with the same haste as Jasmine, and for a second, she wondered why it had taken her words to push him. But in Luke’s head, it wasn’t complicated at all to know why he’d frozen. Jasmine was his heartbeat, and he knew without a shadow of a doubt that she would march down where the protesters were gathered and let her voice be heard.

That wasn’t necessarily a problem for him. It was the sensitivity of the incident. Anger had already created a boiling pot in the community, with that came not only the demand for justice but violence, and the last thing he could stomach was something happening to her, his princess. But even knowing that, no amount of talking to Jasmine would steer her in another direction. Though this was so, he couldn’t give up on seeing if she would listen to reason. Just this once, he wanted her to take heed to his words without a fight.

“Jas…”

The profound drum of his voice slowed her plight, and she looked to him with a question written across her face. Luke slowly approached her, his forehead creased as a severe mask covered his.

“I know you want to get some answers.”

“Oh, I’ve got all the answers I need,” Jasmine exclaimed boastfully. “The news reporter has said it all! What more is there to know? We’ve gotta get down there, now.”

“And do what?”

Jasmine frowned. “And fight! What are you asking? We should be in the thick of things!”

“We don’t have to fight every battle with a protest. There are other ways to fight.”

Jasmine folded her arms, her attitude already in the process of refuting his claims. “Oh yeah, how’s that, and don’t you dare say the justice system.”

Luke let out a semi-frustrated breath. “You know I wouldn’t suggest something that didn’t have a chance of working, like simply saying the justice system. You know me, don’t do that.”

Jasmine’s shoulders relaxed, and she exhaled a built-up breath.

“I know…” she whined. “You’re always there to help me, but what could we do differently than protest? I mean protesting helps build our democracy and ensures that the people we elect hear our cry. It invites them to change what’s happening to its citizens. It demonstrates power and resounds a call to action that wouldn’t be enacted if not for the people’s voice.

“I for one will not sit back and wait for the government to do the right thing for the people. WE the people will shout until deaf ears can hear, no matter how long it takes, and I can’t see any other way bringing forth a satisfactory outcome other than this.”

Luke rested his hands on her shoulders.

“Jas, I am not asking you to stand by and wait. That’s not even close to what I was thinking. I would never want you to dampen the fuel that burns within you to fight for injustices. That’s built in your bones. It’s one of the things I love about you. It’s why we connect so well.” He paused. “Baby, I am on your side, always, but I need you to be on my side as well and hear me out.”

Jasmine gritted her teeth. “I’m listening.”

“You have lawyers in your family.”

“Luke—”

“Listen… to… me…” he eased. “Your twin sister and your brother are attorneys at Chicago’s most reputable law firm. I’m sure that Darren King needs an attorney.”

“But—”

“And…” he went on, “sometimes you have to fight the battle the way the opposing team does. Especially if they have the upper hand. Hear me out. While protesting is always a good thing because the people’s voice should be heard, the real battle will happen in a courtroom, and for there to be a court appearance, the officer needs to be charged. So, what we need to find out first is if charges have been brought against the officer, and if so, we fight alongside Jordan and Phoebe who we know will take on this case pro bono and win.” He paused. “If charges haven’t been brought—”

“Then we protest,” Jasmine concluded.

Luke nodded.

“Okay,” she said, reluctantly as she nodded and took in deep, cleansing breaths. “I’m with you.”





It had taken them two hours to get back to the main city on The Alexandria, and the entire time, Luke watched the thoughts soar through Jasmine’s head as she stared into space. When he’d spoken to her about when she would be returning to work, Jasmine didn’t answer. She’d completely tuned him out.

“Jas.”

“Huh?” She turned her eyes to him but still, she was far away.

“I asked you when you had to return to set.”

Jasmine glanced off blankly. “Oh, tomorrow morning, then I’ll be free to help you finish campaigning and keep our hands on this fight.”

He nodded. “Valentine’s Day is next week, but I’m meeting with a donor who’ll be out of town. I was wondering if you would accompany me.”

Again, she didn’t answer, and the silence continued to linger.

“Princess.”

Silence.

Luke moved from the steering wheel to stand to in front of her. Jasmine’s head snapped up.

“Huh, did you say something, babe?”

Luke sighed and stared at her beautiful brown eyes. He tightened his lips in an awkward smirk and made sure to keep the worry that threaded his blood from off his face.

“I said Valentine’s Day is next week.”

“Oh, yeah, yeah,” she said as if suddenly remembering his question. “Baby, I would love to come with you, I really would.”

“But?”

“It’s Samiyah’s baby shower weekend. I’m supposed to help with the arrangements.”

“That’s right,” he sang.

“You know I’d be there if not for that obligation,” she assured.

Luke wanted to believe her, but somehow, he felt that if she weren’t on baby shower duty, something else would be the reason, like this protest. He hated the feeling that churned in his stomach, that he would always come second to whatever cause Jasmine was determined to see through. But he shook it off. If Luke had anything to do with it, they would present a united front on any battle or obstacle that came their way.

Once they made it to port and docked, Jasmine and Luke headed for his car and rode in silence to Jasmine’s condo. Upon arrival, she opened the door and tossed a leg out when Luke’s gentle voice reeled her back inside.

“Princess.”

Jasmine turned to him. “I’m sorry,” she said, leaning over to kiss him on his warm lips. “My mind is all over the place. Forgive me.”

Luke’s thick masculine hand gently gripped hers, and he placed another scorching kiss on Jasmine’s lips, breathing in her breath as she released it.

“I’m walking you to the door. I’ll have valet pull the car up a bit so it’s not blocking the entrance.”

She smiled and nodded once then stepped out onto the sidewalk while Luke parked the car a few spaces ahead.

He opened the door and stepped out, his elongated legs carrying the fortitude of a stone structure and thick muscle her way. Seeing him march to her, Jasmine couldn’t contain that swirl of energy that seemed to rummage inside her belly. It was a constant dance that never got old. Luke was more gorgeous than some of the models that worked for her brother’s agency, and that was saying a lot since Julian was as picky as they came.

“Ready?” Luke said, slipping his hand that was three times the size as hers into her palm.”

“Ready,” she said.

The doors opened as they neared, and hand in hand, they strolled to the bank of elevators.

“I’ll be back in a few hours to pick you up, and together we’ll go to the firm.”

She smiled. “Okay.”

The doors opened, and they entered, arriving at her floor within seconds. In front of her open entryway, they kissed again, then Jasmine turned and strolled slowly inside. Luke watched her until the door shut, and he could no longer see her parting form. It was then that he released the worry in his expression as his brows knocked together, and he bit his bottom lip.

Back inside his car, Luke pulled away from the curb and headed for his townhome in North Chicago. It took him all of fifteen minutes to get to his bungalow, and as soon as he spilled through the door, he got on the phone with contacts at the Chicago police department, checked on the volunteers at his campaign office who were working vivaciously around the clock, and set up a meeting via text message with Jordan.

He cared every bit about making sure Darren King’s incident didn’t get swept under the rug like a lot of similar cases across the country that went unjustified, but he also understood that in order to play this right, he had to have all the information, and he was counting on his contacts to give those answers.





On the other side of town, Jasmine reached out to her staff to find out if they had anything on the political opponents that they’d been looking into. Though the campaign was one of her priorities, it took a little bit of a push to focus on it with the protest fighting for attention in her mind. To keep from doing something rash and wait on Luke, Jasmine busied herself, first reaching out to Morgan, the young woman she’d appointed to be in charge in her absence. But after continuously being put on hold, Jasmine informed Morgan to call her back as soon as she had the details. Blowing invisible smoke through her lips, Jasmine sauntered to her master bathroom, where she dug off her shoes with the heel of her foot to rest them on the cold beach glass tile. She strolled around the narrow walkway to the dual sink that was customized with engineered stone counters, and light stained wood. In the oval mirror, she stared at her reflection then as memory of cutting her hair returned, dialed her stylist on the phone that was still clutched in her hand.

As the phone rang, Jasmine continued staring at her image just as her mind strayed back to Darren King.

“Creative Vision Studio, this is Esmerelda.”

“Why are you answering your phone like it’s the business line?”

There was a smile in Esmerelda’s voice. “Our phones are down today, so I have all the calls routed to my cell.”

“Oh.”

“What can I do you for, babe, did you come to a conclusion on this wild idea of yours?”

“As a matter of fact, I did.”

The phone went silent.

“Well, don’t leave me in suspense, are you cutting your hair or not?”

Esmerelda had styled the triplets since they were sixteen. It hadn’t been easy finding a stylist that could tame their natural locks, but after just one visit with Esmerelda, the three of them had fallen in love with the woman, and although Jasmine, Phoebe, and Eden were triplets, they rarely agreed simultaneously on anything.

“I think I want to test it out with a shave on one side and leave it long on the other.”

“Bold, but I like it.”

“You do?” Jasmine asked, squinting her nose.

“Yeah, especially when I get through with you, but will the producers over at Love Without Limits have anything to say about it?”

“Now you know I would never work in an environment that punished me for the way I wore my hair.”

“I had to ask, some people are not so lucky.”

“Yeah, well, those people need to get with me, and together, we’ll sue the hell out of the company and make them the boss.”

Esmerelda pealed over in laughter. “That is why I love you so much, always willing to go to bat for someone you don’t even know.”

Jasmine shrugged though Esmerelda couldn’t see her.

“It’s just the way I am, and it’s natural for me.”

“Yep, what do you think about the bullshit that happened to Darren King? Honestly, I’m surprised you’re not already in front of the mayor’s office with the second set of protesters.”

Jasmine frowned and turned on her heels and left the bathroom.

“What second set of protesters?”

“Girl, haven’t you been watching the news?”

Jasmine reached for the remote and hit the red button powering on her plasma TV. “Let’s just say I’ve been kind of tied up.”

She flipped through the channels, going to the local station only to find a commercial advertisement about remodeling your home.

“It started at the Superintendent officer headquarters, but smaller protests have broken out since then, and now a crowd of folks have gathered at Mayor Jenkins’ office, and I’ll tell you one thing, he will not hold his position in office if he doesn’t fix this issue and pronto.” Esmerelda whistled. “Poor guy, he must be losing his shit. This couldn’t have come at a worse time.”

“Oh yeah, poor Mr. Jenkins,” Jasmine said sarcastically.

Esmerelda snickered. “I’m just saying. He’s probably ranting and raving to his wife about the timing of this incident. He’d be a fool not to bring charges against the officer.”

“Yeah, well, fool or no fool, it happens all the time, and this could go either way.”

Just then the news segment returned, but the station went into covering a nightclub that had been newly built downtown. Across the bottom of the screen, a developing story guideline streamed across.

More protestors are gathering in front of the Superintendent officer headquarters and Incumbent Samuel Mayor Jenkin’s office. Update at six…

Jasmine flopped down on a chair, unable to take her eyes off the roaming words that were in a continuous loop.

“Jasmine!”

“Huh, yeah, what’s up?”

“I asked what day and time you wanted your hair cut?”

“Oh, um, let’s do it next week. Wednesday.”

“Next Wednesday is Valentine’s Day.”

“Your point?”

“Most women want their hair done before then, especially if they have a date.”

“Well I don’t, my valentine will be out of the city.”

You could hear the frown in Esmeralda’s voice. “Doesn’t sound like much of a valentine.”

“If you have a date, we can reschedule.”

“Oh no, honey, I’m always working. You know I’d never miss out on my coins. Besides,” Esmeralda drawled, “my date happens later that night.”

Jasmine chuckled. “Figured as much.”

Esmeralda’s line beeped. “Oop, I’d love to chat it up with you more, babe, but I’ve got to get this other line.”

“You’re good. I’m headed for the shower. I’ve got a date at a law firm.”

Esmeralda frowned again. “You poor thing.”

Jasmine chuckled. “Bye.”

She disconnected the call then dropped the phone and paced back to the bathroom with her thoughts in a swirl of activity. She remained that way through her aromatherapy bath where she soaked for an hour and a half to allow the essential oils to relax her and drain some of the anxiety she was feeling. It seemed to work like a charm, and by the time Luke arrived to reclaim her, Jasmine was feeling as relaxed as a fresh full body massage.

She’d combed and brushed her hair into a finely tight ponytail that hung from the top center of her head. Her gaze was sultry as her lids relaxed, bringing out the natural upswing in the curve of her lashes. Her lips held a clear shine, and she was comfortable in a pair of jeans that fit her curves delectably, three-inch ankle boots, and a soft, light V-neck sweater.

As Luke opened her door, he rolled an appreciative eye over her curvy figure, and his orbs tinted as the brown in his irises dimmed.

“What are you doing waiting on the curb?” he asked.

Jasmine assessed him just the same. A smile spread on her lips, and her tongue nudged the corner of her mouth.

“Great minds think alike I see,” she said, referring to the light cashmere sweater that waved over his rocky arms. The blue jeans fit him with an easing precision, and the Timberlands on his feet added to his roguish appearance.

“Indeed,” he responded, “now back to my question.”

Jasmine smirked. “I knew you were pulling up at any moment. There wasn’t a need to keep you waiting.”

“I’ve waited a lifetime for you, girl, a few more minutes wouldn’t have killed me.”

A simmering pathway of nerves scuttled down her skin, and she lifted on her heels placing a blistering smashing kiss on his lips. They both tingled with hotness, and as the dance of their mouths increased, there was a heavy knock on the fender.

Jasmine jumped, and she pulled apart, leaving Luke to glower at the invader.

“Can I get you to pull up please?” the valet said.

Jasmine eased inside, and Luke shut her door then rounded to the driver’s seat. Without a word, Luke got inside then leaned toward Jasmine and reached for her seatbelt where he snapped the buckle together.

He tossed a hand at the valet and drove away from the building, headed for the law offices of Rose and Garnett LLC.





Chapter Seventeen





Jasmine didn’t know how she failed to catch the buzz of activity circling Rose and Garnett LLC on the morning news. Camera crews from local news stations all over Chicago were positioned outside the firm waiting to storm the attorneys with questions about their newly acquired client Darren King. In the midst of checking the current conditions of the protests that were gathering, Jasmine let this tidbit of information eluded her. She glanced at Luke and wondered if he knew, and with no surprise registered on his face, she had her answer.

“You knew,” she said, staring at his handsome features.

Luke glanced at her and turned the steering wheel, coasting the car to the front entrance.

“Of course. I said as much back at the lakeshore house.”

“When?”

“When I said you have two top of the line lawyers in your family, and Darren King would most likely need representation.” He parked. “Don’t you remember me saying they would most likely take this case on pro bono?”

Jasmine nodded. “Yeaaah,” she sang, “I do now that you mention it again.”

Luke cracked a smile.

“I’m sorry, I’ve been in a fog since hearing about all of this.”

“I know. You’re good. Are you ready to take on this crowd though?”

Jasmine arched a brow. “Ready as ever.”

He covered her hand with his then lifted her fingers to his lips. He watched her as she watched him place a warm kiss against the back of her hand. She shivered, and Luke held on to the growl that threatened to trek from his throat.

“Let’s go,” his baritone voice said.

They left the confines of his car, Luke meeting her halfway to cover her from the force of the media that threw questions at them. Running through the rotating doors, they shuffled past the guards to the elevators then took the crane to the fifth floor. Inside the law office, associates were milling about, with most of them dressed in suits with only the occasional person here and there in semi-formal wear.

“Mr. Steele, Miss Rose,” the receptionist greeted them as they strolled to the counter.

“Good afternoon, Miss Strayon,” Luke said. “We have a three o’clock with Jordan and Phoebe.”

She nodded as if already aware of the appointment. “They should be out to grab you in just a moment. They’re coming out of another—oh, here they are now.”

Jordan and Phoebe were a dynamic duo, strolling around the corner like a brother and sister pair to be reckoned with. While Jordan was fitted in a custom-tailored suit like 007, Phoebe’s custom pinstripe skirt suit was equally as sharp, curving over her with just enough flair to raise the eye and leave room for the imagination simultaneously.

“You all are just in time,” Jordan said. “Follow us, we’re headed to Lagordian B.”

The foursome walked the stretch of the hallway, gaining the attention of every associate they passed. While they were admired from afar, the only thing on the minds of the group was the outcome of Darren King’s case. They entered through a tall cherry wood stained door into a newly renovated conference room. No sooner than they were inside, Jordan closed the door behind them and got right to the point.

“Usually, we could’ve had this conversation over the phone, but because of the sensitivity of this case, I felt it best to inform you here.”

He gave Jasmine his attention. “No charges have been brought against the officer in this case, had there been you would’ve known by now. But,” he paused, “you know I can’t talk too much about specifics, however, as you may have noticed from the gang of media outside, we have decided to represent Darren King. We were not the only ones that reached out to him for this case. Others have as well—”

“Who?” Jasmine interrupted.

Jordan glanced at Phoebe.

“Jemison and Sons.”

Jasmine scoffed. “They couldn’t tie their shoelaces together properly let alone handle a case of this nature!”

“Still, it was up to Mr. King to decide.”

“I thought he was in ICU?”

“He is, but his power of attorney—”

“Who the hell is his power of attorney?” Jasmine interrupted again.

“His sister, Rebekah King,” Phoebe answered.

Jasmine glanced from Jordan to Phoebe.

“Okay, what is it you’re not telling me?”

Rebekah King is longtime best friends with Lance…” he paused, “Valentine.”

Jasmine’s eye closed, and she cursed as her head fell back.

“This is not the time for this stupid rivalry.”

“This... stupid… rivalry, as you put it, was birthed by them, and regardless of whether you like it or not, it remains,” Jordan said firmly. “We’ve done our part. Now it’s up to Rebekah King to decide if she wants a team that will fight for her brother to the fullest extent of the law or not.”

Jasmine spun around on her heels and stalked to the wall of windows where she planted her hands on her waist and bit her bottom lip.

“We’ve reached out to Lance,” Phoebe added. “Well, I’ve reached out to him. He knows it’s best for us to represent Darren. At the same time, they could very well hire their team of lawyers to handle the case.”

“And what did Lance say?” she asked, feeling like this wasn’t coming to a reasonable conclusion.

“We’ll know by the week’s end.”

The room quieted as everyone’s mind churned.

“Why does the media think you already represent Mr. King?” Luke asked.

Both Phoebe and Jordan shook their head.

“It wasn’t us. It could’ve been Rebekah,” Phoebe said.

“Or Lance,” Jasmine added.

The room quieted again, and Jasmine couldn’t take much more of the silence.

“Well,” she spun back around and tossed her hands up, “I guess that’s it then. I’ll let you get back to it.”

She headed for the door and exited without another world.

“Keep us posted,” Luke added before heading in a jog after her.





“Stay with me tonight.”

They’d been sitting outside of Jasmine’s condominium for an hour, both considering their own musings.

“I want you with me.” Luke reached for her hands, and the frustration waving off of her seemed to fizzle with the warmth of his touch.

“Luke, I never got the chance to tell you how much of a good time I had with you over the weekend.” She paused. “It was better than good.” Her face softened, and her smile spread. “Just when I thought I’d never volunteer to get kidnapped, you come along.”

They chuckled together.

“So, come with me now. Just because we both have to go back to the real world tomorrow doesn’t mean we can’t prolong our time together. I for one could use a roommate.”

Her smile stretched further. “Shut up.” She beamed, waving him off. Just the thought of living with Luke, waking up each day together, maybe even breakfast in bed made Jasmine shiver right down to her bones while her belly did a flop.

“I’d love to, but—”

“Don’t answer the question now. Just think about it.”

Jasmine paused. “I meant staying the night with you, what were you talking about?”

“You know.”

They shared a slow processing look between one another.

“But for tonight… stay with me.”

Luke lifted her hand to his mouth, pushing his warm lips against her soft skin. “Don’t make me beg because I will.”

He’d shaken her. “Give me thirty minutes,” she said, dashing to her apartment to get a few things. Though this officially ended their weekend, Luke was right, their time together could continue as long as they both wanted it to.

Jasmine was proud of herself. It only took twenty-five minutes for her to round up a few things. Even still when she shot back out the front door, running into a bounty of muscle was the last thing she expected. Her arms glided up the ridged peaks of his chest, and her eyes widened.

“Luke!” she breathed out a shocked breath. “I was just on my way back.” A small smile cornered her lips. “Couldn’t wait a moment longer, huh?”

A mischievous grin lingered on Luke’s mouth.

“I’ve been waiting since you went in.”

“In the hallway?”

“Yes.”

“Why?”

“Well, when you don’t have your men in black around to protect you, then it’s my duty to.”

Though his little “men in black” reference was a direct jab, the overall sentiment of his response warmed her heart. She slipped her arm around his, enfolding them together.

“Then get me safely to your home, Mr. Steele, and I don’t want to be interrupted by paparazzi, so make sure you do your job well,” she pronounced playfully as they took the elevator back to the first floor and got comfortable in his car.

“Yes, ma’am.”

The smile highlighted her face with a toss of her head, and she and Luke kept their arms linked, and fingers crossed all the way to his townhome.

Inside, they happily trotted down the hardwood floors to the bedroom where they took their second shower of the day but together.

Jasmine had never felt so relaxed. The pure ecstasy of having the hard spray of water thread her skin while Luke’s solid grip fingerprinted her hips as he crashed into her pussy over and over, sliding, slipping, and pressing into her womb with pure savagery made her come inexplicably hard. Her cries were cut when his mouth covered the arch in her throat, and his teeth sank into the flesh of her neck. Her body responded with a vibrant rattling that shot another riptide of crème down his connecting shaft, and her pussy pulsated like the beat of a drum. She couldn’t endure much more. How much bliss could be covered in one situation? It didn’t take her long to find out. They hadn’t moved from the shower stall when Luke emptied her womb and fell to a crouch behind her. She pivoted slowly, her eyes enlarging.

“What are you—oh!”

His mouth covered her protruding clitoris, sucking her in with a hurried greedy need to feast on her skin.

“Luke!” she cried, her hand clutched his head and her back was thrown into the wall as she lost her bearing, unable to hold one hundred and forty-eight pounds up on the solidarity of her soles.

He wrapped her thighs around his neck as his tongue pressurized her nub then drove down her labia and entered her with a raucous sucking before driving back to stab at her clit some more.

She cried out to God, asking for reprieve, sanity, and other things that couldn’t be interpreted with the English dialect. Her eyes rolled, body went rigid, and she screamed with a wail as another significant orgasm was driven from her, taken in by the expertise of his mouth. Her heart slammed in her chest, and she completely relied on his strength to gain any traction from the still hot shower.

Luke lifted her in his arms, sliding her thighs down his chest to his carved hipline to washed her off, then he carried her to his bed where they spooned for the entire night. Jasmine didn’t know when she fell asleep, but the shriek of her alarm was what awakened her.

When her eyes opened, the feathering of prickly bearded hair was settled against her jaw. It felt deliciously blissful to be glued to his warm skin and tucked between a tight-knit within his arms. Her legs moved, and for a moment, fear of her limbs being unworkable clouded her judgment. Then a tiny smile stretched her lips to spread into a huge grin.

“Good morning,” his thick baritone voice drummed.

“What a good morning it is,” she responded.

Luke kissed her cheek then nibbled her ear, sending a string of splattering chills down her neck.

She giggled. “I’m going to be late messing with you, and I’m never late, so unhand me, you savage.”

Luke’s grizzly chuckle sent a riveting ripple down her spine.

“That would make two of us.”

“Now how could we ever live together if we can’t even pull apart long enough to handle our business, hmm?”

Luke lifted his head and stared down at her.

“Are you considering moving in with me?”

The gleam in his eyes was hopeful, and Jasmine bit down on her bottom lip.

“I was speaking figuratively.”

His hope dampened. “Well, speaking literally, we would make it work.” He paused. “It would be the best thing that ever happened to us.”

“You think so?”

“Yeah.”

“Hmmm.” Jasmine arched her back, her butt sifting into Luke’s groin.

“You must want morning wood,” he said.

Jasmine pealed with laughter, and she sprang forth in a fight to get away from him. Her laugh penetrated the walls as he scooped her up in his arms and tickled her to death.

They finally made it out of his house after he’d punished her for good measure with her bent over the bedroom chaise lounge for teasing him. Jasmine had never had a quickie feel so fulfilling, but with Luke came all types of firsts.

“I’m taking you to dinner tonight,” he informed her while sitting outside of Raven Studios.

“You’re so demanding these days, that’s new,” she said.

“I’ve been like this, but you were too busy running to notice.”

“Hmmm.” She reached over and kissed his warm mouth.

“Call me when you get a chance,” he said.

“Definitely.”

She slipped out of the car and strode into the building with Luke’s gaze planted on her backside. He quivered slightly and wondered how he’d ever been able to be apart from her for so long. Regardless of that, Luke wanted to make sure she never got away from him again, making his next move a no-brainer.





Chapter Eighteen





The only thing Jasmine really wanted was to be in his presence. When she voiced her feelings this past weekend, she’d surprised herself. Luke possessed that captivity that made her want to tell him her aspirations and ideas as if he didn’t know them already. Strolling from the set to her office in a daze, she paid no attention to the director as he called out to her in the hallway to rave about her performance. She kept moving, hearing nothing but Luke’s voice and the silken moans that fluttered from their mouths when they made love.

It was lunchtime, and the break was needed since although she put a considerable amount of passion in her last scene, it stemmed from the desire she held for Luke instead of the cognitive action of her acting skills. She opened the door to her dressing room and sailed inside, closing the door behind her. There, sitting atop the counter was a bouquet of purple and white lilies in a clear vase wrapped with a purple bow. She approached them cautiously because occasionally there was an overly enthusiastic fan that got a gift through to her. But just as the thought crossed her mind, that extra beat in her heart that made her body heat up with yearning knocked against her chest. She removed the card attached, and let her eyes roam over the words:

To my royal princess…

Her face lit up with pleasure. With two hands, she lifted the vase and covered her nose with the long stem flowers, inhaling deeply. They were fresh and beautiful. The way Luke continued to bring her flowers Jasmine could appreciate because of the attention to detail it took to choose them. He’d obviously handpicked each one, and it showed in their maturity. Jasmine smiled and bit her bottom lip, absolutely taken away by him. The door to her makeup room reopened on a sail of wind then closed with a soft click. Jasmine whirled around to find Luke standing at the door, his hands behind him. The grin that tapered across his face was naughty, daring, and suggestive.

Jasmine’s body responded with instant arousal. At this rate, she would be putty when he reached her.

“Luke,” she said, stumbling over her words, “I wasn’t expecting you.”

Luke adored the surprise on her face; he strode toward Jasmine and slipped his hands inside his pockets.

Towering over her, he spoke, “Unfortunately, I won’t be able to make dinner tonight. It looks like I’ll be out of town until Friday. The donor I spoke of earlier wants to introduce me to a few of his close acquaintances, which could mean more campaign funds for our operation. However, there was no way I could leave without seeing you.”

Even though part of her was disappointed, a larger part felt well-loved and appreciated because he came all this way to tell her. Any other guy, she thought, would have sent a text and kept it moving.

“That’s okay, you’re here now, right?” He winked at her, drawing Jasmine into the heat of his chest. Her arms had a mind of their own as they looped around his neck, and he drew her in for a heated stimulating kiss.

“What is it about you that makes me want to forget all reason and stay?” he asked.

“I guess the same thing that makes me want to tell you not to go,” she confessed.

Their lips joined again, and he dipped to grip the back of her thighs, lifting Jasmine. With ease, her derriere perched on top of the makeup counter. Her skirt rose in a hike up her legs, and he stood between them, his long limbs and hard thighs planted firmly between the apex of her center. Luke kissed down her neck, and his fingers danced down her shirt to unbutton her blouse. There was a knock at the door that made Jasmine jump and pull from his embrace to peek over his shoulder.

“Did you lock the door?”

His smile was a tell-tale sign.

Jasmine returned his grin with a shake of her head. Making an attempt to reel in her scattered nerves, she pulled down her skirt and buttoned up her blouse then teased her hair, bouncing the curls in the palms of her hands.

She glanced up at him, and he nodded and lifted her again to place her back on her feet. A shiver ran down her core, and for a second, Jasmine paused for composure then walked to the door and opened it.

“Miss Rose, you’re needed back on set.”

Jasmine frowned and checked the watch that laced her wrist.

“Are you sure, it wasn’t too long ago when we broke for lunch.”

“Yeah, unfortunately, it’s just you and Glen.” The woman leaned in and whispered, “I think the producer wants to talk to you guys about the next scene. She’s changed a few lines in the script.”

Jasmine blew out a long sigh. “Okay. I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.”

The woman nodded and fled down the hallway.

Jasmine twirled on her heels to find Luke’s thoroughly enhanced gaze zoned in on her.

“That couldn’t have been worse timing,” she said, sauntering slowly back to him. When she came within seconds from his tall, elongated frame, Luke gathered her back into his arms and nudged his nose and mouth in the curve of her neck.

“Tell me about it.”

“Promise to call me every day,” Jasmine said.

“Promise to answer my call,” he responded.

Her smile stretched wide.

“I promise,” they said together.

Luke let out a guttural growl and tightened his arms around her before kissing her soft lips and releasing her.

“I’ll walk out with you.”

The pair exited in the same manner they’d become familiar with, hand in hand. When they journeyed to the end of the hallway, Luke pulled her hand to his lips, leaving a parting kiss on the back of it. They went in opposite directions, and for the remainder of the day, thoughts of forever between the two stalked them heavily.





Sunrise turned into sunset, and before long, Valentine’s Day was upon them. Lovers all over were celebrating in romantic fashion, with roses, dinner, and the promise of sex to caress them throughout the night. Jasmine, however, missed Luke something terrible, and even their Facetime video call hadn’t been enough to eliminate the unmistakable void of his absence. After blowing kisses at the camera and disconnecting the live feed, Jasmine blew out the candles that surrounded her in a lit montage.

The lingerie that clung to her skin was removed just as quickly, replaced with cotton pajama top and bottoms. The shoulder-length wig she had on her head was discarded so quickly it was as if it burned her scalp. Standing in the mirror, Jasmine wondered if she’d made a mistake in cutting her hair. The days leading up to her salon visit didn’t discourage her, but now looking at a shaved scalp on one side gave her second thoughts. On the other hand, the style fit her no-nonsense attitude, and right then and there, she boldly decided she wouldn’t hide the hairdo again. Her first reveal would be at Samiyah’s baby shower. Jasmine’s rueful smile tightened when she thought of what the women would say. She shrugged opting not to care.

That night ended like the last few days, with thoughts of Luke Steele and the open case of Darren King swirling around.





By the next week’s end, Jasmine, Selena, and Eden had pulled off the perfect baby shower for Samiyah, and to her surprise, Luke had made an unexpected visit during the celebration.

He’d been caught outside by Samiyah’s mother Martha Jean, contemplating if he should go in or let Jasmine have fun with the women.

“Look who I found outside trying to figure out if he wanted to ring the doorbell,” Martha Jean had said. When Jasmine glanced up, it was with a flip of her hair as she stood and met Luke’s puncturing gaze.

“Luke!” she said, surprised, as the corners of her mouth curved upward. “What are you doing here?”

Luke stepped further into the room with the build of a cock-strong thoroughbred. His shoulders were a muscular tattoo that inked across his toned flesh, tapering off into his corded biceps that almost ripped the sweater he wore to shreds. Jasmine wondered if any of the other ladies were soaking their panties as she was currently. This must have been the equivalent of getting hard as hell for men.

“I stopped by to bring Samiyah and the twins this.” Luke held out a box wrapped in a blue and pink baby bottle design.

Samiyah accepted his gift with gratitude, thanking him with an elated smile.

Luke turned his attention back to Jasmine, and his eyes combed over her, taking in the new hairstyle, chocolate brown skin, soft eyes, and full lips. He moved closer to her, and the women in his way made room, parting like the Red Sea. Standing just over Jasmine, Luke committed each element of her design to memory, making sure to house the details in the same safe place that he hid his heart.

“Hey, gorgeous,” he said.

Jasmine instantly blushed, and an exuberant smile was forced upon her face.

“Hey,” she said.

“I’m sorry I didn’t get back in time for Valentine’s Day, but I still got you a little something.”

Luke removed a thin silver rectangular box and held it up for Jasmine to take. Jasmine glanced down then back up into his deep hazel eyes, and her mouth popped open. She giggled as a slow simmering warmth poured down her flesh.

“Oh my goodness, what is it?”

“Open it and find out.”

Jasmine covered her mouth with her manicured hand, giddy as a schoolgirl. She reached down, took the box out of Luke’s hand, and opened it quickly. Her eyes shot back up, and a warm glow penetrated Luke’s expression.

“Oh my God, Luke,” she whispered. “This is, this …”

She became an emotional wreck taking in the beauty of the trinity necklace. It held a mixture of white, yellow, and pink gold, an 18-carat jewel that twinkled through and through, sending a wave of excitement, lust, and all that in-between over Jasmine.

“Let me put it on you,” his thick voice drummed.

She’d turned her back to him, and Luke connected the piece, and in as much time as it took Jasmine to twirl to thank him, Luke was gone out of town again.





Jasmine sat at the desk in her home office, sighing at her thoughts as she sifted through a file folder that she’d procrastinated on putting together. Next to her was a glass of Belvedere vodka. She didn’t usually drink the hard stuff, but tonight’s task warranted the strong liquor. An hour and a half into her investigation, a rhythmic knock tapped against her condo’s door. Taking her eyes to the clock on the desk that read 11:30 p.m., then over to her smartphone, Jasmine frowned and rose to her feet. She didn’t have a missed call, and her sisters had their own key. Jasmine knew the only person who would be brave enough to knock this late was Carla, but when she opened the door with a reprimand on her tongue, her rebuke was swallowed when her gaze landed on the only one that governed her thoughts.

“Luke!” she said, surprised. “This makes the second time you’ve surprised me this week.”

His handsome grin stretched the length of his mouth, and his eyes noted the trinity necklace around her throat.

“I’m sorry it’s so late. If I’d been done with this last meeting sooner, I would’ve called first, but I was hoping maybe you could use some company now.”

She opened the door wider. “I thought you’d never ask, and I understand. This is the last weekend before election day. Are you excited?”

Luke stepped inside, pulling a bouquet of roses from behind him. Taken aback, Jasmine’s lips lifted on an excited smile.

“Thank you so much.” She leaned into him, laying her head on his chest and stuffing her nose in the sweet-scented flowers.

“I don’t know if I would call what I feel excitement. More like angst, hope, optimism.”

“You’ve done everything you could to win this race. And I’m proud to say you’ve been the best version of yourself, which is who you are all the time. It’s a rarity. This city is lucky to have someone like you on the verge of victory.”

Luke’s arms wrapped around her, and his heart soared with a passionate vigor.

“I’ve missed you,” he said, his arms bringing a coat of warmth as they swamped her.

“Oh yeah? What would you say if I said the same?”

“Then I’d think it was past time for us to reunite.”

Jasmine’s smile deepened, and her heart thumped with renewed life. She pulled back from his chest and hung onto the sharp stare of his gaze.

“I’m glad you’re here. I hope you plan to stay the night.”

Luke wiggled his brows. “Is that an invitation?” He rubbed his bearded jaw.

“It sure is,” she sang sultrily.

Luke’s body lit up like a furnace, and he tightened his hold on her, drawing Jasmine back close.

“You know I love it when you talk to me like that.”

A naughty laugh escaped her lips. “I was betting on it.”

“Oh, you were?”

“Yeah.”

He pulled her in for a wicked kiss. The kind that stole her breath and simmered her blood.

She exhaled contentedly.

“Give me just a minute. I’m going to put these roses in a vase and use the ladies’ room real quick.”

He nodded. “Don’t take too long, or I’ll come looking for you, and if I do, I can’t be held accountable for what may happen next.”

Jasmine giggled then turned to run when she yelped from the passionate slap on her ass Luke handed her. She disappeared into the kitchen with giggles still bubbling from her throat, and Luke grinned with a bite of his bottom lip. He strolled slowly through the living area. The condo held a mixture of contemporary and modern furnishings, and without trying, Luke wandered into Jasmine’s upscale modern office.

The décor was splendid with light drapery, clean-lined furniture, and touches of color throughout. He could tell that Eden’s hands had been in the place because Eden was one of the best interior designers Luke knew. His gaze traveled to her desk, past her iMac to the open folder of printed information splayed across her keyboard. He didn’t intend to snoop, but a name in the upper left-hand corner of the letterhead in bold caught his attention. Luke Steele. A frown crimpled his face as he leaned closer. Date of birth, his address in Southside Chicago from his younger years. His school information: elementary, high school, college. His mother’s name, his father’s name. It was his entire background. His brows drew together in a perplexed scowl as his gaze flickered up to her computer screen. More information pertaining his background, his families’ political history, and information on his father. His body stiffened, and an unsettling cobweb of chills coursed through his veins.

The floorboard creaked behind him, making Luke aware that Jasmine was there. He turned around with his brows still furrowed.

“What is this?” his asked. His query was laced with profound thickness.

Jasmine glanced at the information in front of him, and her gut flipped. A stab of guilt buried itself in her chest.

“I know how this looks,” she began, “but it’s not what you think.”

Luke waited for her to go on. Jasmine cleared her throat and moved closer to him.

“Remember I told you my team and I were checking the backgrounds of all of the candidates? This is just routine.”

Bewildered, Luke’s frown deepened. “You thought I would have something to hide?”

A gamut of confounding emotions waved over her. “Of course not, like I said it’s just standard procedure.”

“Anything you want to know that you don’t know already about my family or me, you could’ve asked, and I would’ve told you.”

“I know that, you’re taking it the wrong way.”

Luke’s gaze turned back to the desk, and his eyes roamed over her pile of information with an even higher raised brow.

“I’m taking it the wrong way? You have my family’s political history up on your screen.” He pointed to the Google search bar. “You’re searching corrupt activity in my father’s mayoral term.” He pointed to the papers in the file folder. “You have my background in a file spread across your desk.” Before Jasmine could respond, he went on.

“So, if you had found some scandal on my father, were you going to use it against me? Would I have paid for his sins?”

Jasmine opened her mouth, but nothing came out. The silence grew tight with tension like a heavy mist that suffocated them. Luke’s heart broke, and at that moment, he’d never felt more betrayed. His dark eyes revealed the strenuous dreariness of disbelief.

“No! Of course not, how could you think I would?” Jasmine said, finally catching up with her thoughts.

Luke locked his jaw and held back the overbearingly stricken sound that wanted to flee his throat.

“Baby—”

“You hesitated, Jasmine.”

The pain in his gaze consumed her, and Jasmine’s heart constricted at the thought that she’d caused it.

She shook her head. “No, listen, you’re looking at this all wrong.”

Luke shut his mouth and didn’t offer another word.

“I would never hold you accountable for something your father did. I— I…”

Luke took a step back, and he masked his inner turmoil with deceptive calmness. Turning on his heels, he left the room, and Jasmine’s heart tanked.

“Luke!”

She hurried after him in an effort to stop his departure. She dashed down the hallway, eager to catch up with his elongated strides.

“Luke!”

He continued, never sparing her a backwards glance. At the door, he reached for the lock and turned it then grabbed the knob.

“Don’t!” Jasmine shouted at his back.

Luke paused, his hand steady on the handle.

“Don’t leave like this, baby.” She reached out, laying a warm palm on his back. “I love you, I—” she took in a sordid breath. “I’m sorry, I never meant for—”

Jasmine’s words clogged her throat, barricaded behind a knot that had suddenly formed.

Luke opened the door but didn’t leave right away as he struggled with whether to stay or go. It was more than a simple background search; it was the fact that this proved she didn’t trust him, and how could they go on if this was still between them? There was so much he wanted to say, but instead of saying anything, he pressed forward, leaving so quickly if was as if he was a ghost that had vanished into thin air.

Jasmine stood with her eyes wide and her mouth agape. A mist of tears clouded her vision as she stared off at the door. What had she done? But most importantly, how could she clear up this misunderstanding?





Chapter Nineteen





Election Night

Chicago Union Station





It had been the most anxiety-filled four days Luke had ever experienced. He considered himself a confident man, and that much had remained true up until this moment. Even with the venue occupied to capacity with some of his closest friends, family, and the team of volunteers that had campaigned with him heavily throughout this race, Luke couldn’t help but feel incomplete without Jasmine by his side.

The days leading up to the election had been rough. Sleepless nights, early mornings, and last-minute campaigning had taken a toll on his energy, but as if he were a testosterone-filled caveman, you wouldn’t be able to tell with the way the tailored suit fit the stature of his makeup, or with the way the freshly groomed haircut and beard laced his strong structural features. Thick brows were immaculately sharp, and the skin he was in spanned smoothly with a golden-brown hue. The fragrance that wafted from him was just enough to tease any woman’s healthy libido, but the only one Luke cared to tease tonight was the object of his affection.

He pulled his arm up, and his sleeve rose, giving a peek of his golden cufflinks and Rolex. He lifted his wrist and checked the time, which he’d been doing off and on all night, eager but feeling hopeful that on this eve he would become Chicago’s next mayor.

“You’ve done everything you could to win this race. And I’m proud to say you’ve been the best version of yourself, which is who you are all the time. It’s a rarity. This city is lucky to have someone like you on the verge of victory.”

He heard her voice, and the rapid flutter of his heart made him inhale a shuddering breath. This was what life was like without her, but until she was ready to trust him, he would suffer in agony waiting.

The door to the bar room opened, and an equally tall, debonair muscular specimen strolled through with the swag and all the added compliments of Luke’s face, complexion, and commanding persona. The older gentleman was clad in a custom suit that settled over his frame with expertise, and above his smile was a mustache that fit the rim of his smooth lip.

“Son—I mean, Mayor Steele,” Luke’s father said, approaching him. “How are we doing tonight?”

“Senator,” Luke responded, and the two men smiled and shook hands. “I’m doing about as good as I can be, considering.”

Senator Warren Steele reached for Luke’s tie, and Luke held his chin up and stood still while his father adjusted it just a bit.

“You’re a star, and I’m proud of you. I know running for mayor wasn’t something you’d originally cared to do, but I’m glad you were moved all the same. You’ll make a wonderful leader.” He paused before adding, “I won’t pretend to be selfless and say that is the only reason I’m excited for you.”

Luke had an idea of what his father would say next, and he smirked waiting for him to continue.

“I think every father is happy when or if his son follows in his footsteps, no matter the road he had to take to get there. As am I.”

“Father, just because I didn’t plan to follow your path doesn’t mean I’m not pleased to make you proud.” Luke paused. “I am your son, after all, and I think all sons want to honor their father during their lifetime.”

The two men smiled at each other, then with gratitude and a strong embrace, pulled one another in for a solid, gripping hug.

“Your mom’s going to be jealous,” Senator Warren Steele said, and they guffawed, giving one another a stern pat on the back.

“We’ll keep it our little secret.”

“What secret?” Bernadette Steele said, sauntering through the door.

The sixty-two-year-old fashion maven was dressed like Mrs. Obama on the night of her husband’s first election. The red and black number fit her feminine silhouette cleanly, and the two-inch heels lifted her from the five feet, five inches by a hair. Luke and Warren chuckled off their laughter and straightened to face her.

“I was having a word with my son. Is that all right with you, boss?” Senator Steele teased. He enveloped Bernadette, to which she replied, “Mmhmm. I heard something about a secret. Anything I should know about?”

“No, lest you become a co-conspirator to our crimes.”

Luke chuckled just as Bernadette laughed and swatted her husband. She shook her head.

“Boys will be boys, I guess.”

Senator Warren kissed her cheek and winked over at Luke.

“How’s my baby doing?” Bernadette asked.

Luke nodded. “I’m good, just getting my thoughts together.”

Bernadette wiggled away from her husband and coasted to Luke. She silently assessed his eyes, noticing the hint of sadness that lingered there. It was such a tiny fraction that it was missed with the common eye, but with her motherly gaze trained on him, it was as clear as day.

“It’s Jasmine, isn’t it?” she concluded. “Whatever is going on between you two can surely be fixed with a mere conversation.”

Luke smiled broadly, but the excitement didn’t register in his eyes.

“I wish it were that simple.”

Bernadette stared some more. “It’s you, isn’t it?”

Luke’s smile faltered. “What are you asking?”

“You’re the one pushing her away now.” His mother sighed. “You young people go back and forth, when will it end?”

It wasn’t really a question, but Luke felt inclined to answer it anyway. He slipped his hands inside his pants pockets, but Bernadette interceded.

“Don’t tell me it’s still her, for if it were, she wouldn’t be outside the door lingering on whether she should enter or not now.”

Luke’s brows rose, and he glanced from his mother to his father, catching another conspiratorial wink from his old man. Luke didn’t even respond. His stride took him across the room to the tall mahogany door where he thought to pause just as he exited. His pace stopped once he crossed the threshold and his gaze trod down the carpeted corridor to see Jasmine perched in a lean against the wall with her head tilted against the mural on it.

She pushed off of the barrier and stood straight when their eyes met, and the lingering clot in her throat sailed down in a ball of nervous energy.

With his hands rested at his side, Luke slipped them back inside his pockets, and with each step he took, so did she until there was only enough space between them for a wind stream of air.

“I hope you don’t mind me coming,” Jasmine said, her stomach now in a hot knotted ball.

“Of course, I don’t.”

She was a goddess. Her chestnut brown skin poured down her shoulders, spilling in a covering of her arms, hands, and fingers. The halter-top dress was cinched over her breasts and throughout her waist with a ballroom gown flair fit for a princess over a bold slip.

“God, you’re beautiful,” he said. “You cut your hair,” he paused, “again.”

Her hands rose to her head where she patted her manicured fingers against her soft Toni Braxton cut.

“This is the style I wanted all along, I don’t even know why I left one side long to begin with. Probably just hard to let things go sometimes, you know.”

They both heard double meanings, and Luke nodded.

“Jas, I thought we were past this. I know pushing you away when we were younger put a shield between us, but...” He paused and backtracked against his next words. “You know what, never mind. I don’t want to fight tonight. I honestly don’t want to think about us not being together. I just want to enjoy this moment right here, right now.”

Jasmine had a storm of things she wanted to say, too, but Luke was right. Tonight, was important, and they should be celebrating regardless of the strain between them.

“Will you celebrate with me?”

She smiled coyly. “Yes.”

His hands reached out to her, grabbing her shoulders where he pulled her in for a forehead kiss. His mouth lingered there then drifted down the bridge of her nose where he hovered around her mouth, causing fever to burn between them. Jasmine’s heart rocked in her chest, and her lips parted as she took in a breath while on anticipated edge of his passionate kiss.

“The results are in!”

They turned to find Sarah Middleton entering the corridor with a fast-paced strut. Spotting Luke and Jasmine standing so close made her stop. For the past several days, Luke had been at the campaign office riding the midnight hour with her as they closed in on the last vital areas to crusade. She’d felt closer to him now than during the entire time she’d been volunteering, and finally, she thought they would make some progress. But clearly Jasmine wasn’t going away lightly, and it annoyed Sarah to the point that her lips turned upward, and her eyes cut slightly between the two.

“You don’t want to miss this,” Sarah said, taking her attention to Luke without speaking to Jasmine.

They turned and strutted with haste inside the bar room where their parents and friends were huddled in front of a plasma TV. Outside in a ballroom, a large crowd of Luke’s supporters held their breaths as they also waited on the results to be revealed.

The host of the broadcast checked the iPad device in front of him, taking a second glance with a bewildered lift of his brow.

“Is this right?” he asked, glancing around the studio for an answer. He received his response, and his eyes enlarged. He shifted in his seat and readjusted the glasses on his face.

“Ladies and gentlemen, you’re not going to believe this, but for the first time in two decades we have a tie.”

A sharp gasp flew from Bernadette, but the rest of the room remained silent.

“Neither candidate won the majority with Luke Steele winning forty-three percent of the vote, Incumbent Samuel Jenkins winning thirty-two percent, Bruce McCarthy taking seventeen percent, Milton Brunner six percent, while Jefferson White takes only two percent.” The host glanced down at the tablet again. “Chicago, it looks like we’ll have a runoff between the two top candidates Luke Steele and Samuel Jenkins three weeks from tonight.”

The silence that lapsed didn’t just take over Luke and his friends and family. The entire audience in the ballroom had gone silent with everyone in utter disbelief.

“Okay…” Jasmine began. “This is not a bad thing. Luke has forty-three percent of the vote. With McCarthy and Brunner out of the race, this just means we need to win over their supporters, and we can do that,” she said, always the optimistic.

Bernadette did breathe a sigh of relief, and slowly but surely, everyone else chimed in their agreeance.

“How?” It was Sarah Middleton who’d spoken. “McCarthy’s and Brunner’s voters are old white men who believe the United States belongs to them. They’d be the first to shout racial slurs at Luke and tell him to get out of their country!”

“Excuse me, young lady, but you need to watch your tone,” Bernadette said with a leering eye on Sarah.

Sarah pursed her lips and turned her eye to Luke. “I’m just being honest.”

“So, then you would know this how?” Jasmine asked. “Is it because you’ve knocked on every door of every one of their supporters? Or perhaps you’ve called them all. Even a phone call would explain your unsubstantiated claims.” Jasmine waited for her to answer only getting a light glower from Sarah. “None of those things? Hmm. Well, Miss Middleton, you’d be surprised how people will cast their votes when their candidate is no longer in the race. And the only way to make sure Luke is that person is to reach out to them, personally. Have you no confidence?”

Sarah scoffed and mumbled, “You’re just saying that because you’re screwing him.”

Another sharp gasp flew from Bernadette, and Jasmine’s mouth dropped open.

“Young lady, you are way out of line, and I think you should find your way home, now.”

It was Luke’s dark grizzly voice that growled out the command.

Sarah stared at him for another second, then she tightened the purse under her arms and walked to the door.

“And Miss Middleton …”

Sarah turned back to look at Luke.

“Don’t return to the campaign office. We will no longer need your volunteer efforts.”

Sarah’s eyes widened, and she glanced from him to Jasmine who was two seconds away from marching across the room and slapping her across the face. With her head held high, Sarah left the room, pretending to be okay although she was everything but.

“I apologize for her behavior,” Luke said to his parents and Jasmine. “I need to address the crowd.”

He glanced at them all before leaving the room. Jasmine wanted to follow him, stand by his side, and let him know that everything would be okay. But she could tell what Luke really needed was a stiff drink.





After giving his uplifting speech about staying the course all the way to the end, Luke left the ballroom in search of Jasmine, but it appeared that she’d already left for the evening. It was just as well; their relationship, or lack thereof, couldn’t deal with a serious conversation tonight. For the first time in the long stretch of his campaign, Luke was exhausted.

He dropped down in his chair as soon as he strolled through the door of his townhome. In the dark, he sat like a shadow with thoughts of his campaign, thoughts of the continuously building protests, and thoughts of Jasmine running on a reel in his mind. Mayor Jenkins was currently losing the race to him. Luke was sure part of that reason was because of the unresolved incident with Darren King. Still, no charges had been brought against the officer, and some of Mayor Jenkins’ first-term supporters had crossed over to Luke. Maybe a part of what Sarah said was right. Maybe they should go after Mayor Jenkins’ supporters instead. With whatever they did, it was now or never. Luke sat in that chair contemplating, and it was the very spot he fell asleep in.





Chapter Twenty





Jasmine had waited about as long as she possibly could, but with no updates that charges would be brought against Officer Ronald Baker, it was time to take this fight to the street.

The door to the Bentley Mulsanne opened, and Jasmine’s security personnel stood waiting for her to exit. She glanced to the leather seat next to her and gave another thought on adding the white hat that sat there to her crown. When Jasmine dressed herself this morning, she was donned in her signature wear, a Max Mara three-quarter sleeve coat, with white elbow gloves, crème pants, three-inch heels, and her white hat. Her plans were to show up like Olivia Pope, coming to bring motivation to the rally, to help not only the people get press for this serious demonstration, but to help their voice be heard. However, after much indecision, she removed the entire wardrobe. It didn’t seem to carry the message she intended to send with her presence. Now she sat in all black. Dark pants, a smooth silk V-neck black shirt that ran the length of her belly snuggly over her belt buckle, topped with a black and white chevron Armani jacket. She tossed a leg out then the other and stood on four-inch heels, leaving the white hat behind. After all, she wasn’t coming here to play nice like her previous wardrobe indicated. In her hand, a bullhorn rested, and in her eyesight was the front door of the Superintendent officer headquarters. With tunnel vision, Jasmine walked through the crowd, her heels tapping against the asphalt of the concrete road as her security parted the sea of demonstrators, allowing Jasmine to stroll right to the frontlines.

Cameras zoomed in on her immediately from all angles, and her face became the center of attention on live news stations that were recording the protests in real time. For a long moment, the only thing she did was stand and stare at the front door, as if she was waiting for someone to exit on the other side. The crowd behind her was as quiet as the night before Christmas, but when her finger flipped the switch on the horn, and she lifted it to her mouth, a waving ripple of movement could be felt around her, as if the crowd’s energy was set to go off the moment she spoke.

For days and weeks, the protestors had been there shouting for justice for Darren King. Jasmine was there to reiterate their message in the only way she knew how. Her voice rang out.

“The equal protection clause of the fourteenth amendment to the United States Constitution states, and I quote, ‘All persons born or naturalized in the United States are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws’.”

She paused, and the crowd behind her shouted its agreement, and a rumbling wave of vibration could be felt around her.

“The Declaration of Independence states,” she paused and took her eyes straight to the camera hovering at her right. “And I quote… ‘All men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness’.”

She paused again.

“This rule is to ensure that no man is treated in a different respect than another regardless of race, religion, or social status.”

The crowd shouted its agreement.

“That includes government officials,” she continued.

The crowd’s cries soared, and Jasmine held her tongue until their shouts died down. She then lifted the horn back to her lips, and this time her voice was angrier and more direct than before. Without trying, a frown crippled her brow.

“The video of Darren King being beaten and dragged by the handcuffs without so much as an intelligible question being offered to him by Officer Ronald Baker is a direct violation of his human rights!”

“Yeah!” The crowd around her shook.

“Had the officer been a regular citizen charges would’ve been filed on initial incident!”

“Hell yeah!” The crowd shouted.

“Prolonging what is rightfully due to Officer Baker because of his social status is a slap in the face to the declaration of independence that states all men are created equal!”

The crowd roared with agreement and shifted with renewed vigor.

“We want justice for Darren King! We demand it! It is your responsibility to this community and its citizens to charge Officer Baker now!”

The crowd went into a frenzy, and Jasmine dropped the bullhorn from her lips to hang at her side. There wasn’t much more she needed to say. What was communicated sent the message loud and clear.

As she stood there with passion in her heart and promise on her lips, a simmering warm hand slipped into her unoccupied palm, drawing her attention to her left. Her entire body trembled and thawed under the intense gaze of Luke standing at her side. Where he’d come from was unwitnessed by her, but the fact that he was there, like he said he would be, brought a mist of tears to her eyes.

She didn’t know how he would respond to her stance. It was understood between them how this process would work. However, after their fight the week before, and even the awkward moment they had last night, Jasmine didn’t have a clue what would come of their relationship next. His commanding demeanor was serious, and he nodded at her with a wink but made no move to speak.

This was Jasmine’s time. It was her stage to do what she did best, and he was there to support her one hundred percent. Jasmine’s fingers tightened around his, and he squeezed her hand as if to say, Do your thing, Princess. A smile fluttered across her lips, and her heart warmed severely.

This could officially end Luke’s campaign efforts. It wasn’t a secret that a fight against the government could mean the end of a career, yet here he was, tall, broad, and masculine. Straight-laced with no regrets. Her heart squeezed, and she struggled to pull her gaze away from him, but concurrently, they both turned back to the cameras and waited.





The protest was an all-day affair as Luke and Jasmine held up in the same position with the crowd until dusk. Only when they made a move to leave did the crowd also begin to disperse with smaller patches of people setting up to camp out all night.

“Let me take you home,” Luke said, staring at her as they stood next to the Bentley Mulsanne. “The ride in my Corvette may not be as easygoing as this one, but I think you’ll enjoy it nonetheless,” he teased.

Jasmine’s smile not only covered her face but settled in her heart.

“I’ve missed you,” she said. “I know seeing your information on my desk made you feel violated, and I understand that now. I’m sorry. I didn’t think…” she paused. “I don’t know what I thought.”

He interceded. “You were doing what you said you would.” He sighed. “And you were right.”

She looked at him, baffled.

“I’m a candidate. It wouldn’t have been fair for you to overlook me just because we’re…” he stared into the galaxy of her brown eyes, and she waited with bated breath to hear his reference of their relationship. “Friends… lovers…” He took a step closer to bridge the microscopic gap between them, his arms settling around her waist. “I’ve missed you, too.”

“Luke,” Jasmine said, “what you’ve said is true, but I want you to know that I do trust you, and I do understand that with our relationship status, I should’ve never violated that trust.”

He kissed the top of her forehead.

“I don’t want to fight anymore,” he whispered against her skin.

She closed her eyes. “Me either.”

“Then let me take you home.”

She pulled back and nodded. “Okay.”





They were top down with the windchill swirling around them. Though the air was a bit frigid, Luke and Jasmine couldn’t tell with the heated blood boiling through them. Her hand covered his hand that sat over the gear shift.

“I was thinking.”

With the push of a button, Luke closed the top so he could hear her without the need for her to shout. The heat of their closeness instantly wrapped around them, and Jasmine spoke again.

“I was thinking, maybe we could go to your place, where we’d be alone.”

His lids lowered, and his orbs shaded over. At the corner, Luke hit a U-turn and entered the highway to North Chicago. Jasmine tinkered out a laugh as she watched him glanced to her with a wiggle of his brows. They entered his garage, and Luke exited, rounding the Chevy to open Jasmine’s door. She stepped out, but he blocked her passage, and without giving him a look of hesitation, her hands sailed up his firm torso and eased around his neck. Luke leaned down and took her mouth into his, sucking her lips with a heated passion that rocked them both. His hands found her ass, and he lifted her then transferred her weight to his waist. Her legs locked behind his muscular back, and a moan escaped her lips.

“Mmmm.”

A coated swirl of tinkling in her stomach assailed Jasmine as Luke took large strides to his front door where he fumbled with the key. The stringent force of his erection pushed so hard against Jasmine’s crotch that she felt bullied into submission.

“Oooh my God.”

Her pussy throbbed, and her thighs tightened as she squeezed her vagina in need of his penetration. Her body ached for his thrusts, need riddling through her body. He turned the key inside the lock, but their lips found each other again before they could enter. Against the wooden barrier, they devoured each other’s mouth, sucking in lips, and swirling their tongues, shooting spiraling heat against their face. Jasmine’s body trembled, and Luke’s hips rotated into her, digging against the seat of her panties and causing them both to shudder and groan.

“Please,” Jasmine begged. “Get inside, Luke, now, baby.”

He took her words to mean inside the house, but Jasmine’s meaning was about being inside the heated walls of her canal.

“I don’t care, I don’t care, against the door if you must,” she panted.

Luke didn’t think his dick could get harder than it was now, but it did, becoming so rigid that the zipper it was locked behind became painful. He reached for her pants and undid her button when his phone began to ring. It was drowned out by their harsh kisses as his demanding lips caressed hers.

The phone sounded off again, and with a harsh expletive, Luke pulled from her mouth and stuffed his hand in his pocket where he retrieved the device and answered gruffly.

“Steele,” he barked into the phone, his dark eyes glittering with a sexual gravitation that pulled Jasmine back to his lips for a kiss. His mouth was warm at first, but then he went still and pulled back slowly.

“What?” he growled, frustration now taking over the passion that coursed through his veins.

Jasmine frowned, and worry laced her brow.

“I’m on my way.”

He ended the call and shoved his phone back inside his pocket.

“What’s going on?”

His forehead fell against hers, and his breathing came under control.

“There’s a fire at the campaign office.”

“What!?” she shrieked.

“Apparently, a cocktail bomb was thrown into the window. I’ve gotta go, but I’ll be back.”

“Wait, no, I’m going with you.”

“No, you’re not,” he said firmly.

Jasmine wanted to argue, but she fought the urge.

“Princess, I need you here. Can you stay here, please?” His voice was calm and begging.

She nodded. “But please be careful, Luke!”

“I will, you know I will.”

He kissed her with a gentleness that began to disrupt their libidos again. Twisting the doorknob, Luke sat Jasmine on her feet and stood in the entry until she stepped inside.

“I’ll be right back.”

He turned and left as Jasmine watched him through the front window pane.





Chapter Twenty-One





Jasmine paced the length of the hallway, going back and forth from the front door to the living room. With her arms folded across her breasts, she counted the minutes that ticked that she hadn’t heard from him. When it seemed to take too long for a call to come through to her, she moseyed over to the black coffee table and grabbed the remote, hitting the power button and quickly flipping to a local news station. Posted on her feet, Jasmine refolded her arms and followed the latest developments, waiting for information about Luke’s office to appear. Instead, the coverage was still at the Superintendent officer’s headquarters where they were currently interviewing Blake Henry, another local activist from Chicago.

She increased the volume to get a better listen.

“So, you agree with Jasmine Alexandria Rose then,” the reporter was saying, snuggled into a cardigan as she turned the microphone back over to Blake.

“Agree with her how?” he said, then went on, “Listen, I applaud Miss Rose for coming down and saying her little speech. It was all good, and I’m sure it came from a heartfelt place, but the fact of the matter is it’s easy to come down to the frontlines with a round of security protecting you at all times. We’re in the trenches day in and day out doing real activist work. We’re not protected from the people, we are the people!”

Just then a line of what appeared to be military style police marched into place, outlining the front of the protestors as if to guard the Superintendent officer headquarters from the group that had been thus far a peaceful rally. In their hands, they held clear shields, and on their heads, hard protective gear, and pads laced their knees. They stood still as if silently warning the crowd with their presence.

“You see this!” Blake went on. “This is what I’m talking about! Where is Jasmine Alexandria Rose now, huh? I’ll tell you. Probably in her mansion, sipping a glass of sweet tea after her hard day of protest.” He waved the camera away. “Give me a break.”

Blake left the reporter and went to stand in position on the frontlines. The crowd grew angry with the representation of police, but standing in Luke’s living room, Jasmine’s heart had plummeted with her mind in a whirlwind. Blake had just discredited her, as if her efforts were merely for show. He had no idea of the passion she felt for this entire incident even though this wasn’t her first rodeo. For a minute, she had to wonder, if she was a man would he have said the same things? That she would never know, but now her blood was roasting, and his words presented her with a challenge. Her mind momentarily shifted to Luke; there was still no word from him. She left the room and went to the kitchen, taking her eyes to the wooden key hook that sat against the wall.

With a decision made internally, Jasmine strutted to the wall and snatched the keys to his Mercedes-Benz off the hook and left his home without another thought.





Ten minutes before





“It could’ve been anyone,” the officer was saying to Luke. “But if I had to guess,” he leaned closer and whispered, “it was probably someone who’s upset about the demonstration you attended today.”

Luke nodded, already guessing this very thing.

“Let me ask you a personal question if you don’t mind,” Luke said.

The officer folded his arms, unaware of what Luke was going to ask.

“What made you pursue your career choice?”

The African American officer unfolded his arms and sighed. “You’d be surprised how often I get this question. Mostly from other black people. And my response always surprises them, which is a sad reality.”

“Which is?”

“I wanted to make a difference in my community.” The officer chuckled. “You and I are not that different,” he continued. “All cops are not bad cops.”

Luke nodded. “True that. You know, if helping your community is really on your agenda, we could hold a press conference where you could speak directly to the people. Encourage them, let them know that there are officers whose fundamental value is to protect and serve.”

“You know, I’ve got a wife and a newborn son,” he said.

Luke held his hand up to cut him off. “Point taken.”

The two men stared at each other for an intense moment. It was the backlash that could reap adverse effects on his family if the officer decided to hold such a conference. People wouldn’t see the good in his outreach; they’d only see him as someone who betrayed his fellow man in blue. It was what was wrong with this country.

“Thank you for your time, officer.”

Luke left the office and pulled into the garage of a convenience store to fill up his tank. Inside, he paid for gas, but the report from the television hanging over the head of the cashier pulled his attention. It was broadcasted from the spot of the protest.

“Listen, I applaud Miss Rose for coming down and saying her little speech. It was all good, and I’m sure it came from a heartfelt place, but the fact of the matter is it’s easy to come down to the frontlines with a round of security protecting you at all times. We’re in the trenches day in and day out doing real activist work. We’re not protected from the people, we are the people!”

The military style police marched into view. Luke stared at activist Blake Henry, Luke’s face now a rock of stone. His glare turned deadly, and the doorbell chimed as Luke raced out of it with the speed of light. Dialing Jasmine’s number, Luke jumped into his Corvette, forgetting to pump the gas he’d just paid for.

“Pick up, pick up, pick up,” he chanted in a whisper. “Come on, baby, pick up.”

Jasmine’s phone went to voicemail, and he ended it and redialed her number. Getting the same response, Luke’s foot slammed against the pedal, and he shot off like a rocket to get to his townhome.

“Come on, baby, be here,” he said, knowing if Jasmine had seen the broadcast, being the proud woman that she was, she would meet Blake head-on at the rally. His tires kicked up dust as he turned into his garage, jumping out of the car before he could get the gear efficiently in park.

He knew instantly when he crossed the threshold that she was gone. He stopped just as he made it to the living room. The television was turned to the same broadcast; it was then that his thoughts slowed enough for him to remember his unoccupied garage. His car was missing. He turned to look at the key mount. His keys were gone.

He cursed up a line of profanity that would’ve made a pirate look like a saint.

“Jasmine Alexandria Rose has just arrived,” the reporter was now saying.

Luke whipped back around to the television. “She was here earlier with mayoral candidate Luke Steele and her common entourage of security, but it appears she is alone tonight. With tensions mounting as we stretch into the late-night hour, I’m not sure this is the best time for her to be out here. Roland, are you getting this on camera five?”

The demonstrators were some of the same people who held a peaceful protest earlier. But now, there were others, people who were angry, and their entire mood was a take-no-prisoners’ attitude. Others who’d recently joined were looters who came out when they felt the time for talk was over. Luke could spot them a mile away since some of them stood off to the side with their face obscured with masks. Another round of expletives shot from Luke. He ran out the door so fast that remembering to lock up was an afterthought.

The tires spun hard, and the Corvette jerked in response to his angry foot leading the charge. The car rocketed on to the tarmac while Luke punched his finger into the pad of his phone.

“Hello?”

“Phoebe!”

“Luke?”

“Tell me you know how to reach Jasmine’s security team.”

Phoebe sat up in bed with the silk sheets falling from her breasts. Seeing the alarm on her face, her fiancé Quentin sat up with her.

“What’s wrong?” Quentin barked.

“What’s going on, Luke?”

Phoebe’s voice was shaken already; she’d been unable to sleep for reasons unknown. However, hearing Luke’s panic-stricken voice on the other line made dread settle in her core, and she knew instantly that her inability to sleep was the secret vibrancy she felt when either of her doppelgangers were in trouble.

“Is something wrong with Jasmine?”

Quentin tossed the sheets off of his dark chocolate skin and stuffed his feet into the pair of his Nike cross-training shoes he worked out in every morning.

“The protest has gotten out of hand, and she’s down there alone.”

“What!?”

“Do you know how to get in touch with her security?”

Luke couldn’t sink the pedal into the floorboard hard enough.

“Yes, I—”

“Get them down to the Superintendent officer’s building now!”

“O— Okay!”

Luke disconnected the call and punched the dashboard with a tight fist.

“Fuck!” he screamed, tortured by the fact that Jasmine could be in immediate danger. His heart rocked, and madness poured off of him in a thick raging storm. He locked his jaw and hit one corner then another. Even at the speed of lightning, it would take him at least ten more minutes to get to her. If Jasmine’s security team was closer, they might reach her before he did.

He tried with all his might not to drive wildly down the streets, but Jasmine was his heart, and it would surely stop if something… anything were to happen to her.

“Please be okay, please, baby, please,” he murmured in silent prayer.





This was a mistake, but it was too late to realize it now that she was here. Jasmine glanced around at the growing crowd. She couldn’t recognize the faces with the exception of a few people who’d been standing with her earlier. Blake Henry was on the frontline, and he was gassing the crowd with his rhetoric.

“If we must, we WILL take matters into our own hands!”

“Yeah!”

The crowd roared, and Jasmine slowly sank back, trying to quietly remove herself from the growing hysteria. Then she saw it. Someone tossed a cocktail bomb, and she gasped as it hit the shield of one of the stock-still officers.

That did it.

The officers moved to control the crowd, shooting cans of tear gas, rubber bullets, and flash bangs that went throughout the group.

While some protestors began to disperse, most of the crowd pushed back, throwing more cocktail bombs toward the officers. Jasmine took off in a sprint, forcibly pushing through the throng of people and jutting onto a sidewalk. Another flash bang went off seconds behind her, and she yelped and ran further, desperate to get away from the melee. She cut around a corner and found herself in an alley where she glued herself against the wall to stay out of the way of the ongoing frenzy. Quickly, she removed her cell from her back pocket and noticed the missed calls from Luke. Frantically, she hit his number, redialing him with the press of a button. He answered on the first half a ring.

“Where are you!?”

Jasmine stuck her head around the corner and eyed the sign.

“Prichard and Langley, but—”

“Don’t move!”

Jasmine nodded but didn’t respond, gluing herself back against the wall. As she waited for him, drifters from the protest hit the corner in an attempt to also take shelter from the flash bombs that were erupting.

Three men, tall, heavy, and armed, eyed her one by one.

“You’re Jasmine Rose,” one said with a fascinated revelation.

Jasmine didn’t respond. She only clutched the phone to her ear and stared back at them. They were dressed with ski masks covering their faces. In their gloved hands, they all carried baseball bats. One guy had the making of a cocktail bomb with the rag he would use to ignite the fire hanging out of it.

“Do you need some help?” the first guy asked. He approached her.

“No!” she said. “I’m fine.”

The other two laughed.

“Yeah, you are fine,” the second one said as he also crowded her space. “What do you say we go somewhere that’s a little quieter than this?”

On instinct, Jasmine’s knee lifted, sinking into the first man’s crotch with a stinging puncture.

“Oooooou!” He howled.

Quickly, she pushed through the second guy but was caught on the sleeve by the third. He turned her around and fisted the collar of her jacket then reached back to strike her with his other hand.

His efforts were derailed when a flying fist with the solidity of an iron-clad rock knocked into the bridge of his nose. It crushed behind the force of the punch, and the man screamed bloody murder.

“Aaaaaah! Fuuuuuu-ck!”

Luke sent another fist flying, and it connected with the jaw of the second guy, but he didn’t go down. With a punch to his abdomen, Luke danced in a shift on his feet as if he were inside the ring. He sent an uppercut to the second guy’s chin with another swift punch to his throat that cut his oxygen off and caused the man to choke and fall back on his ass gasping for air. The first guy had never recovered from Jasmine’s groin kick, and without hesitation, Luke scooped her in his arms and ran into the street, jumping into the driver’s seat with Jasmine still clinging to his neck. Swiftly, he readjusted the chair, so they could both fit in the driver’s seat, and as he hit the gas, at the same time, he threw the car in drive.

“Hold on to me, baby, I’m getting us out of here,” he promised.

And so he did, navigating with the skill of a professional driver around protestors and crushing beer bottles, leaving the scene with loud pops of flash bombs being heard in the distance.





Chapter Twenty-Two





Luke didn’t have to waste time unlocking the door since it hung wide open from the hurried way he’d departed earlier. With Jasmine in his arms, Luke strode across the threshold and kicked the door shut. He took her in his bedroom and sat her down on his chaise lounge, dropping to his knees in front of her. His hands roamed over her hips, stomach, arms, neck, and face, as if searching for something he couldn’t see.

“Are you okay?”

His search was frantic, and eyed Jasmine carefully, turning her chin left then right to evaluate her. Fear, stark and vivid, glittered in his gaze, and she felt a sudden urge to steady him. Jasmine’s hands clutched his tightly.

“I’m okay.”

Her voice was soothing, reassuring, calm. His fingers slowed their examination, and when the vibration from his unsteady hands shook, Jasmine’s heart squeezed.

Luke dropped his head in her lap, and his arms circled her waist, holding her steady. Relief pumped through his veins as his chest rose and fell to a steady rhythm.

“Why?” he asked quietly. His voice held strained agony.

Jasmine opened her mouth to speak, but it was hung on the unfulfilling excuse that followed. Her reasons weren’t pure this go around. She’d only gone back to prove a point to Blake, someone who held no influence over her life. She closed her lips and exhaled.

“What would’ve happened if you… if I…” Luke lifted his head, his gaze clouded with tears. Jasmine’s heart nearly broke. “Don’t you know that I can’t live this life without you?” One behind the other, the tears streamed down his face, and his sadness brought Jasmine to her own tears. “You mean the world to me, Jas. I can’t operate without you, I won’t, so please, please, baby, please,” he begged.

“I’m so sorry,” she cried, her hands rounding his face as she brought her lips to his mouth. “I’m so sorry, baby, I wasn’t thinking. It was the heat of the moment.”

“I can’t lose you,” Luke responded. “Never, ever, ever…”

She kissed his lips, lost in his declaration and the look of anguish in his gaze. Her pulse skittered, and her body ached for his lovemaking.

“It won’t happen again. I promise.”

Luke leaned into her mouth, his kiss punishing and angry. He growled against her lips and drove his tongue down her throat. Hungry hands lifted from her back, and with force, he tugged her out of the chevron jacket and snatched off her shirt. Jasmine’s arms wrapped around his neck, and she lifted against him as Luke peeled her pants from her body. They were tossed across the room, and her lace panties ripped to shreds in the palms of his hands.

She panted as his mouth found familiar ground, covering her neck, shoulders, and padding down to her breasts. His hands popped the undergarment with haste, and with eager hunger, Luke filled his mouth with her areolas.

“Oooooh…” Jasmine hummed, her head thrown back. The heat of his mouth layered over her skin, and she shivered and ground against his waist.

“Make love to me, baby,” she said.

Luke had never moved so fast. He stood to his feet, causing her nipple to pop out of his mouth as he removed his pants and shirt in sync. His dick sprung forward, and Jasmine’s heart double tapped in her chest. Scooping her from the chair, Luke carried her to the bed, laid her on her back while tossing her legs over his shoulders, and entered her with an abysmal burying thrust.

“Oooooh!”

Her back arched, and her butt lifted, and Luke filled her plum with badgering milling strokes. He covered her body, bending her thighs backward as he dug into her center. His mouth collided with hers, and his lips burned into her mouth with a fiery possession that joined metals. He punched her pussy with titanic cock-strong plunges, making her body come with sweet release almost instantly.

A scream ripped from Jasmine’s throat as their bodies slapped together, creating chills that assailed their flesh and quakes that attacked their bones, threatening to crush them together. The headboard rocked against the wall with each temerarious thrust Luke sent flying into her core. They changed positions, slipping into doggy-style where Luke knocked in her womb so fiercely, a scattered nerve ricocheted from her belly and spread throughout her legs. Jasmine yelped and grabbed for the sheets as her knees ran a marathon up the mattress.

“Where are you going?” his dark voice drummed.

She turned around to face him, her eyes wide as if caught like a deer in the midst of headlights. Luke crawled to her, his muscle-toned arms flexing beneath his weight as he reached her feet and pulled her back to him. Her thighs smacked as they collided with his hard, corded muscle, and with ease, his dick impaled her with a grinded ridge of his shaft. She came instantly again, but Luke wasn’t done with her yet. This wasn’t lovemaking. It was straight up angry hardboiled fucking. It remained that way for a while before their session turned into a slow-burning lovemaking that rattled them both as they came together. Luke kissed up her shoulders to her neck, then traced her ear with his tongue as her body convulsed with sweet release.

“Be my wife,” he whispered.

Jasmine’s eyes widened, and he kissed her forehead, then chin, then lips. When his eyes settled on hers, he spoke again, “I need you forever. Marry me, Princess.”

Tears clouded her vision, and he kissed each eye closed, then her nose, then again, her lips.

“Be my wife, be my wife, be my wife,” he chanted as he followed the expressway of her skin down her chest to her breasts.

Jasmine shivered and tried to formulate words. Her hand sailed down to meet his face, and gently, she pulled his gaze back to hers.

“Say you will,” he breathed.

He struck a vibrant chord in her, and Jasmine’s heart threatened to escape with the fast drum of it.

“I will.”

Luke stretched back up Jasmine’s body and reentered her while swallowing her cry down his throat. They remained joined that way—connected in body, mind, and soul, just as they would be forever as husband and wife—for hours on end, sparing no expense to the rising sun.





Epilogue





Three Weeks Later





Along with friends and family, Luke and Jasmine found themselves crowded around the same room they’d been in weeks prior, doing the same thing they’d been doing then—awaiting election results.

In one of the city’s first runoffs in decades, Luke and Jasmine, along with their team of volunteers, stayed the course, shaking hands in the streets and connecting with individuals one on one. They had everything riding against them since Luke’s opponent Samuel Jenkins not only put pressure on the Superintendent officer to bring charges against Officer Baker but also paid to air ads showing Luke in a fist fight with looters the night of the protests. The ads ran on repeat. His goal was to paint Luke in a negative light, as someone who couldn’t be trusted and fought in the streets instead of handling business professionally. Some of the ads were more scathing than that; Mayor Jenkins even threw Jasmine into the ad, making her out to be only for people of color and insisting all lives mattered.

But anyone who knew the Rose family, who held a prominent name in Chicago’s community, knew fair well that none of those claims were the case, and Jasmine, much like her family, fought for injustices period. Their prestigious law firm, their mother’s charity, and the many philanthropic efforts they’d done throughout the years spoke for itself. Charges were brought against Officer Baker, and Darren King’s sister hired Rose and Garnett LLC after seeing Jasmine’s protest. Being some of the best lawyers in the country, Rose and Garnett LLC was equipped and strategically ready to take Officer Baker and his attorney’s down. As a matter of fact, they were banking on it.

And instead of making Luke appear unequipped, Jenkins had actually shown Chicago why Luke could be trusted. Besides, everyone loves a man who stands up for a woman. And they definitely preferred to have someone in office they could relate to than not.

“You won!” Luke’s mom Bernadette shouted.

The women in the room gasped, and Jasmine twirled around to face him. Her eyes were wide and her mouth agape.

“Babe!” she screeched, so excited she could burst.

Luke grabbed the sides of her face and pulled her close, sinking his forehead into hers.

“We won,” he said, his voice soft with profound depth.

“I knew you could do it, I knew it!”

“Only with you,” he said. “I love you so much.”

“I love you, too,” she cried.

Jasmine’s ring, a Diamond Nexus Madrid Accented Princess cut, twinkled in her periphery, practically blinding her with its stunning glow.

Their lips sank together, melting into the heated cove of their mouths.

“Son.”

Snapping out of their loving fog, Luke glanced at his father, Senator Warren Steele.

“Your city awaits.”

The broad smile on his father’s face made Luke smile in turn. “My city, huh?” He rubbed his chin. “I think I like the sound of that.”

They all laughed.

“Go get ‘em, tiger,” Jasmine said.

Luke winked, and with his hand entwined in hers, he led a path to the stage where he gave his acceptance speech—his loving fiancée standing proudly by his side.





Enjoying the Falling for a Rose Series? Subscribe to my newsletter or join my Facebook Group to get updates on new releases!

Connect with Me on Facebook!

Connect with Me on Instagram!





Note from the Author





Thank you so much for reading Tempted by You, Falling for a Rose Book Nine. I hope you enjoyed Luke and Jasmine’s story! Reviews are the lifeblood of independent writers. The more reviews we get, the more Amazon and others promote the book. If you want to see more books by me, Stephanie Nicole Norris, a review would let me know that you’re enjoying the series. If you liked the book, I ask you to write a review on Amazon.com, Goodreads, or wherever you go for your book information. Thank you so much. Doing so means a lot to me.



XOXO - Stephanie





More Books by Stephanie Nicole Norris





Contemporary Romance

Everything I Always Wanted (A Friends to Lovers Romance)

Safe With Me (Falling for a Rose Book One)

Enough (Falling for a Rose Book Two)

Only If You Dare (Falling for a Rose Book Three)

Fever (Falling for a Rose Book Four)

A Lifetime With You (Falling for a Rose Book Five)

She said Yes (Falling for a Rose Holiday Edition Book Six)

Mine (Falling for a Rose Book Seven)

The Sweetest Surrender (Falling for a Rose Book Eight)

No Holds Barred (In the Heart of a Valentine Book One)

A Risqué Engagement (In the Heart of a Valentine Book Two)





Romantic Suspense Thrillers

Beautiful Assassin

Beautiful Assassin 2 Revelations

Mistaken Identity

Trouble In Paradise

Vengeful Intentions (Trouble In Paradise 2)

For Better and Worse (Trouble In Paradise 3)

Until My Last Breath (Trouble In Paradise 4)





Crime Fiction

Prowl

Prowl 2

Hidden





Fantasy

Golden (Rapunzel’s F’d Up Fairytale)





Non-Fiction

Against All Odds (Surviving the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit) *Non-Fiction





About the Author





Stephanie Nicole Norris is an author from Chattanooga, Tennessee, with a humble beginning. She was raised with six siblings by her mother Jessica Ward. Always being a lover of reading, during Stephanie’s teenage years, her joy was running to the bookmobile to read stories by R. L. Stine.



After becoming a young adult, her love for romance sparked, leaving her captivated by heroes and heroines alike. With a big imagination and a creative heart, Stephanie penned her first novel Trouble In Paradise and self-published it in 2012. Her debut novel turned into a four-book series packed with romance, drama, and suspense. As a prolific writer, Stephanie’s catalog continues to grow. Her books can be found on her website and Amazon. Stephanie is inspired by the likes of Donna Hill, Eric Jerome Dickey, Jackie Collins, and more. She currently resides in Tennessee with her husband and three-year-old son.

Love Is A Drug, Ink





