SEDUCTIVE IN STILETTOS 3




NEW ADULT ROMANCE




NANA MALONE



NANA O. MALONE





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.



* * *



Seductive In Stilettos 3 (Serial)



* * *



COPYRIGHT © 2015 by Nana Malone



* * *



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.



* * *



Cover Art by Kimberly Killion

Edited by Finish the Story

Copy Edited by Marcie Gately

Published in the United States of America





To Stilettos fans old and new. I can’t wait to start a new chapter with you.





THE IN STILETTOS SERIES




The In Stilettos Series (Contemporary Romance)

Sexy in Stilettos (Alec & Jaya)

Sultry in Stilettos (Beckett & Ricca)

Sassy in Stilettos (Caleb & Micha)

Strollers & Stilettos (Alec & Jaya & Alexa)



* * *



(New Adult Contemporary Romance Serials)

Seductive in Stilettos (Shane & Tristia)

**Sinful in Stilettos - Expected 2015



* * *



The Chase Brothers Series (New Adult Contemporary Romance)

London Bound (Alexi & Abbie)

**London Calling (Xander & Imani) - Expected May 2015



* * *



The Donovans Series (New Adult Contemporary Romance)

Come Home Again (Nate & Delilah)

Love Reality (Ryan & Mia)

**Race For Love - Expected Summer 2015



* * *



Love Match Series (Contemporary Romance)

*Game Set Match (Jason & Izzy)

Mismatch (Eli & Jessica)



* * *



Chick-Lit With Sass (Erotic Chick-Lit Romance)

Corporate Affairs

Exposed

The Flirtation



* * *



The Protectors Series (Superhero Romance)

*Betrayed a Reluctant Protector Prequel

Reluctant Protector (Cassie & Seth)

Wounded Protector (Jansen & Lisa)



* * *



The Hit & Run Bride Contemporary Romance Series (Contemporary Romance)

Hit & Run Bride (Liam & Becca)

Hit & Miss Groom (Alex & Vanessa)

**Book Three - Expected winter 2015



* * *



Don’t want to miss a single release? Click here: http://eepurl.com/2PeXb



* * *



*Free Read

**Upcoming release. Dates Subject to Change





CHAPTER 1




Shane didn’t make it back to his room until four–thirty in the morning. He hesitated on the threshold for a minute, not sure if he wanted Tris to be on the other side of the door.

When he let himself inside and found his room empty, his disappointment was palpable in the squeeze of his heart. Idiot. You can’t have her. Caleb had been clear with his hands-off Tris directive. So what the fuck was he doing? Was being with her really worth losing the first real sense of family he’d ever had?

He saw her note on the desk, and a pang of guilt pierced him dead center in the chest. Shit. How long had she waited before going back to her room? How had she felt? Then, the more unhelpful thought—had she been aching for him?

He needed a much better plan because staying away from her was becoming a problem.

First mistake, letting Tris into his room. Second mistake, kissing her. Third mistake, putting his mouth on those pert, full, breasts of hers. His hands itched with the need to touch her again. He was an idiot.

Last night, he'd been all kinds of ragey at the dumb-fucks who'd gotten wasted in their room and needed a ride to the hospital. Luckily, he'd been able to get War to take his place and keep an eye on Tris for the duration of his little hospital trip, but once his blood cooled and he started thinking with the head on top of his shoulders, not the one in his shorts, he knew he'd fucked up. It didn't matter how much he wanted her, she had no business in his bed. He knew from experience that bad things happened when he let himself want something. They were taken away.

At sixteen, he’d had his first girlfriend, Christa Cummings. She’d been a freshman at UNLV with him and a couple of years older than he was. He’d managed to keep it a secret from the old man for months, using the classes excuse and War to explain his absences.

But somehow, his father had known. Once, the two of them had snuck off to a motel so they could be alone. He’d worked several extra shifts just to be able to afford to take her there. They’d been so excited and hot for each other that he’d missed seeing his father’s red Audi in the parking lot.

When they’d checked into their room, they’d been so desperate and in a hurry to get each other’s clothes off that they paid little attention to the shadow in the corner.

His father had known all about their plan. He’d followed Shane more than once, hacked his email. Done his research. Needless to say, it had freaked Christa out.

Shane was at least grateful that his father had saved the beating until Christa had left. Having her see him humiliated like that would have broken him in ways his father never could. He’d taken the beating. Taken the words. Loser. Failure. Bastard. As long as she didn’t see it. The old man had been livid that he’d jeopardized his future. Went on and on about how women could trap him.

But Christa hadn't escaped his father’s wrath unscathed. Daddy Dearest had pulled information about Christa’s family and her parents. He’d threatened to have her father fired from his casino job if she ever went anywhere near Shane again.

She’d never spoken to Shane again. He had been desperate to apologize, but she’d avoided him, never giving him a chance to explain or to say how sorry he was to drag her into his fucked up world. It was a lesson he hadn’t forgotten.

Things were different now; the asshole was dead. But girls like Tris were still off limits. Not only was he the hired help, but he was also lying to her. It didn’t matter how much he wanted her; she couldn’t be his.

So, now, of course, he was about to do the douchebag thing and pull back from her. Fuck. He needed this shot with Caleb. He could not screw this up. If he did, that meant everything his father had ever said about him was the truth. Despite his rational brain, those long-buried insults bubbled to the surface. Loser. Screw up. Worthless.

If he closed his eyes, he could almost smell the scotch on his father's breath as he spat in his face, screaming at him that if he wasn't perfect no one would love him. Shane shook his head. He had to make this work. Forgetting Tris was for the best. All he had to do was give her the new phone, and then he'd get on with this event and put her back in that untouchable zone.

Surprisingly, when his dick wasn't in charge, he didn't actually mind the job of babysitting a bunch of hormonal college students. And if he could keep his fucking dick in his pants, he wouldn't have a problem. Maybe he should enjoy the post like Warrick said. But he wouldn't be enjoying it with Tris. There were plenty of graduate students on campus. Ones he wouldn't lose his job over.

An image of Tris’s back arching as he sucked on her nipples flashed in his mind. Yeah, okay, maybe another girl wasn't the way to solve his problem. He wanted Tris. And this wasn't a situation where he could get her out of his system. He couldn't just screw her until he didn't feel the desperate cloying need anymore. She wasn't that girl. And he wasn't asshole enough to do that to her. So what then?

Suffer in silence.

His phone rang, and he dragged it out of his pocket. "Hey, Un—Caleb." He kept forgetting not to call him Uncle. His old man was probably turning in his grave at the disrespect. "What's up?"

"Just checking in. I ran a trace on the number you gave me. It's coming up as a burner. I can't trace it."

"Any luck on pinpointing where it was when it called?"

"Yeah, somewhere in the vicinity of Pacific Beach. It bounced off a couple of towers there. But other than that, nothing."

He could hear the frustration in his uncle's voice, and he empathized. No one should be able to access her number, and it made him increasingly suspicious of an inside connection to her stalker. "I'm on my way to give her the new phone now. I already told her to leave that one in her room. Her room is defensible enough, but I'd rather she use the burner while she's out and about."

"She cool with that?"

Well, she had been last night, before he'd had her nipples between his lips and his dick grinding against her soft center. "Yeah, she's cool."

"You two forming a bond?"

If you mean the bond of me wanting to fuck her until she can’t remember her name, then yeah. "Yeah, she trusts me at least enough to come to me with this. So that's a good sign."

"Good. Stay close. Call me if anything else comes up."

"Yeah, will do. How many guys do you have on the Go-Cart venue?"

"I've got Tom and the new guy."

"Thanks. Should be okay."

"Have fun babysitting."

Shane hung up and knocked on Tris's door. She wore a T-shirt and skimpy white shorts, showing off a long expanse of cinnamon brown legs. His brain gave the command to his eyeballs to stay on her face, but they weren't in the mood for taking orders. His gaze pinned to her legs then slowly meandered up until he fixated on her breasts. Her nipples pebbled under his scrutiny, and his mouth watered.

Her voice was soft, husky. "Uh, hi, Shane."

His gaze snapped up to her eyes. Pupils dilated, lips slightly parted. Damn it. If he kept thinking about her breasts, he'd forget he was supposed to be protecting her.

"Morning." He held up the phone. As an added bonus, he'd put a tracking chip in there that wouldn't drain the battery too much. "New phone, as promised."

She blinked. "Oh, you didn't have to get me one. I was going to go to the Verizon store and grab a new one myself."

He shrugged. "Well, there are some perks to being an RA. You can go down and activate it after the Go-Carting. You know, pick out your plan or whatever."

Her smile was slow. "Thank you. That was really sweet." She darted a glance behind her as Xia started singing.

Right. Her roommates were home, so there would be no awkward rehash of how much he wanted to pin her against the door and sink into her. "Like I said, no problem. You guys ready for carting?"

She nodded. "You bet. Xia and Syd have been trash talking all morning."

He cocked his head. "Not you?"

Tris shook her head, and then shoved a hand into her pocket. The action drew her already low-rise shorts even lower, giving him an idea of her waxing pattern. Fuck, he needed help. The last thing he wanted to think about was whether or not she waxed. It would only serve as torture for him.

"Nope, no need to trash talk when you know you're going to mop the floor with people. It's just not fair."

Her competitive streak sent a shot of adrenalized lust through his veins. "Uh oh. Do we have a ringer? Should I watch out for you on the track?"

"All I'm saying is, I know what I'm good at. If you think you can lay it down, then bring it."

Hell, yes. No. Hell, no. She was not talking about sex. She was talking about Go-Carts. "I hear you loud and clear. Get your gear, we leave in fifteen."

The moment he was out of her company, he was able to focus again. Able to think. Oh yeah, and his dick wasn't threatening to drain all the blood from his body.

Once they were at the track, he was able to concentrate on something other than Tris. He spotted Caleb's men easily enough. Not because they stood out. But because they were so in the background he wouldn't have noticed them. Tom was the cashier and happily allowed the co-eds to flirt with him. James was a little harder to spot, but he was in the mechanics bay, so he had the exit covered while Tom covered the front.

Caleb's right-hand guy also had all security cams on, so Shane felt comfortable enough having Tris here. His floor of students was fifty, but only thirty had signed on for the weekend fun. And of the thirty, only twenty-five were not hung over and actually made it on the excursion.

Occasionally, he'd catch Tris or one of her crew watching him, and he had to wonder how much she'd told them. He wasn't so concerned about them ratting him out, but they could prove to be a problem if they perceived him as hurting their friend.

And Tris hadn't been kidding when she said she could drive. She breezed by her roommates easily. She was good enough that the guys started to take notice of something besides those incredibly long legs of hers. One of them, Travis, kept chatting to her, and Shane worked hard to ignore the irrational response roiling around in his head. Mine. But he tamped it down. She was not his. He couldn't have her. This was college; she was supposed to have boys flirt with her. Repeat after me, I will not take that douchebag's head off. I will not take that douchebag's head off. I will not—

His phone rang, and he pulled it out. "What?"

War's chuckle was soft. "What bee stung you on your asshole?"

"Fuck off."

"Whoa, easy there. I'm just fucking with you. What's up?"

"I'm at the Go-Cart place with my charges."

"Ahhh, let me guess, one in particular has your full attention?"

"You could say that."

"You need to chill out, man. She's just a girl."

"You think I don’t know that?"

"Right now, you're just thinking with your dick."

Shane forced himself to take a breath. She was laughing at something Travis said before she climbed into her Go-Cart. The kid climbed into the one next to her. Shane couldn't help the hope that she wiped the floor with him. "I know. Sorry, man, what's up?"

"I'm just giving you the head's up. Tris called Ricca with the new phone, so you might have to deal with Roland's guys finding out."

He hated the idea of anyone listening to her conversations, but it was necessary. "Yeah, okay."

"She asked Ricca not to tell her dad, but Ricca's an unknown element, so don’t know."

"Thanks."

"No problem. Look, I'm giving you shit, but if you like her that much, then maybe you come clean to Caleb. Might not be so bad."

"Yeah, imagine Caleb was my dad, and repeat what you just said?"

"Good point," his friend muttered. Growing up next door, War had seen just a sliver of his father's temper but knew enough to know it was bad.

"I'll figure it out." He hung up with War and watched as Tris schooled her would-be suitor.

The kid climbed out of his cart and leaned over hers. He said something that wiped the smile off her lips and had her eyes going wide. Then, her gaze shifted over to Shane and his skin prickled. Just knowing she was watching him was enough to make his skin tight and itchy.

Without even thinking about it, he sauntered over to the track and picked up on the tail end of their conversation.

"Thanks, can I let you know?"

Travis shrugged, but the slump in his shoulders told Shane he'd just been rejected. "Yeah, sure, open invitation."

Feeling lighter, Shane grinned. "Tris, I don’t know if anyone told you, but you're supposed to give someone a chance to win here."

She grinned up at him, and it was impossible not to smile back. The kid slanted him a glance, and Shane was suddenly aware he needed to be careful how it was perceived. He slapped Travis on the back. "I saw you give Travis a run for his money. Why don't you give the poor man a rematch?"

The kid relaxed. "Yo, she's tough, why don’t you race her? I need to lick my wounds first."

Shane inclined his head at Tris. "Oh, I don’t know, it wouldn't be fair."

Her brows rose. "Oh, really? Want to put your money where your mouth is?"

I want to put all kinds of things into my mouth. "It's generally frowned upon for me to gamble with students, but how about we race for bragging rights?"

"You're on."

He put his helmet on and slid into the empty cart. Switching the engine on, he relished the rumbling sound. It wasn't a precision instrument, but he still loved it. Evasive driving had been his favorite part of the Foreign Service. That and the tech.

Tris leaned out of her cart. "Are we still going to be friends after I kick your ass?"

"Well, I'll be your friend even as you lick your wounds." Or I could lick them for you. Something in her eyes made him wonder if she could read his mind.

The starting light changed green, and they were off. She had a fast start, he'd give her that. But she was all throttle all the time, and it made her back end a little unstable. She gave him a love tap as she blew by him, and she heard the cheers around the track.

But he wasn't out for the count. As they rounded the corner, he cut to the inside and tapped her as a reminder that he was there. On the far straight away, they were neck and neck and then her racing method got her in trouble. He blew past her on the inside lane, then blocked her attempts to pass on the final straight.

He crossed the finish line easily to cheers from the sidelines. Tris pulled up next to him, lips pursed.

He laughed. "Come now. Don't be salty. Good race." He climbed out and took his helmet off then reached out a hand to her to help her out.

Rookie fucking mistake. When they touched, the charge of electricity had him thinking about her under him, in his bed. But not that tiny twin in his dorm, the king sized one he had at home. Where he could lay her out and feast on her slick folds for hours.

She met his gaze, levelly. "Rematch?"





TRIS BEAMED up at him and for a second it felt like they were the only two people in the world. She couldn’t believe she’d lost. But if she was going to lose to anyone, it might as well be Shane. Especially if he kept laughing like that.

When he laughed, it made him look younger. Certainly more carefree. It seemed like he was always serious. Always a little bit separate. Her heart broke for him.

He still hadn't said anything about her note yet, but then, they hadn't really been alone. Earlier, Xia and Sydney had been within hearing distance, and on the bus ride over, he’d sat far in the front even though she’d left an empty space for him in case he might want to talk.

Since they’d been here, he hadn’t spoken to her once. Like he was deliberately avoiding her or any direct personal contact.

For several moments, they stared at each other as if they were the only two people around. But with someone’s loud laugh to the left, the spell was broken, and he blinked rapidly before sliding his glance away and taking a deliberate step back.

A pang of disappointment sliced through her. Yes, they were in public and they needed to be careful, but she had a feeling his movement went deeper than that.

Travis came running over with a wide smile, further breaking the spell. “Hey, Tris! That was fantastic. I can’t believe how you can drive like that. You’re amazing.”

She smiled up at him. He really was handsome. With café au lait skin and bright, twinkling brown eyes. He was lovely, and nice…and not Shane. “Thanks.”

“Where’d you learn to drive like that?”

She deliberately shrugged off the question. She didn’t need everyone knowing about her past. “I’ve always loved Go-Carts.”

“Well, it shows. Maybe you can show me how to drive like that sometime.”

Did he just—oh shit, he’d just asked her out? What was she supposed to say? Over Travis’s shoulder, she caught Shane staring at her intently. “Uhm, yeah. Sometime.” Idiot. That sounded so lame.

His smile wavered a bit, but he pressed her. “Maybe Saturday. We can come out here, then maybe grab dinner or something.”

“I—uh…” Her voice trailed. Oh, God. Sweat trickled down her back, and she licked her lips nervously. “I promised Xia I’d help her with an event, but maybe I can get back to you?” Yes, when in doubt. Lie your ass off. She’d have to come up with something with Xia to cover her ass.

“Okay. Yeah, no problem.”

Why did she feel like she’d just kicked a puppy? When she glanced back over at Shane, he’d turned his back and was talking to someone else. Before she could think about making dates, the two of them needed to have an honest conversation. And soon.





CHAPTER 2




Shane resolutely kept his eyes forward, even though he could hear Travis talking to Tris. Even though he could hear her laughing. Even though he could feel her gaze on the back of his head. It was solid torture. Sooner or later, he'd crack under the pressure and just take what he wanted, but he knew he couldn't. She might not know it, but he was there to do a job and it wasn't to screw her.

As soon as they returned to campus, she headed off with her friends. The first thing he did was check with Caleb and made sure the guys were on Tris, then he checked in with the temp Caleb had put into the mail room. The students couldn't make it to that point without an ID, so he was a final fail safe before anyone could make it upstairs to Tris.

Once back in his temporary room, he fell back on his bed and checked his emails. Damn, he missed his place. He'd only had a few nights there before taking the assignment, but it had already started to feel like home. Mostly, he missed his bed. How he'd managed to fit onto this thing with Tris was beyond him.

He groaned and sat up. Shit, just the thought of her was enough to wake the sleeping soldier. His phone pinged with an incoming message. Just as his computer alerted him that Tris's phone was in use. Think of the devil, and he shall appear. She was sending him a text. Shane held his breath, dragging in a deep breath before viewing the message.

Want to help me lick my wounds?

Fuck. Shane dropped his head back against the wall and banged it twice. A cold shower. That's what he needed. Since his dick and his brain were still of two minds about what to do, he didn't reply right away. He didn't want to be that asshole of a guy who didn't talk to her.

He would talk it out with her, later. Somewhere public. A little later when he could cool his blood and not wonder how good she tasted in other places. But he certainly couldn't talk to her now. Not with the taste of her strawberry lip-gloss still lingering in the air and his brain full of memories about her touching him. Rotating her hips into him, licking into his mouth.

He dragged his clothes off as he strode into the shower. Cold, icy water was what he needed. He turned on the water and forced himself to stay under the spray until his teeth chattered. He only let himself turn the water hot when the fleeting thought of her didn't stir his cock again.

But with the hot water, he relaxed and let the heat wash away some of the tension. Unfortunately, relaxing also meant his brain relaxed and took its favorite vacation. Tris, arching her back, clutching his head to her breasts as he sucked on her.

His erection kicked against his thigh, and he groaned. Wrapping a hand around his cock, he muttered, "I can see you're going to be a problem."

He pumped in a steady rhythm, unable to clear the fantasy image of Tris that his brain conjured. Her standing in front of him, soapy, wet, and slick, touching him. Maybe the key was to not fight it so hard. This was a fantasy. It was safe.

Dream Tris wrapped her delicate, soft hands around him, and he held his breath as she tentatively explored his soapy flesh. The suds acted like lube as her hand slid over his erection. Wrapping a hand around hers, he showed her how he liked to be touched. Lighter grips as she slid toward the tip. Harder, more firm on the down-stroke toward the base. Dream Tris took liberties and smoothed her thumb over the head of his cock, spreading a drop of pre come, teasing the underside of his dick, making him shake.

Slow, easy glide, then harder more controlled grip. Tris determined to make him come. To make him hers. She sank to her knees, the water sluicing over her back washing suds down the arch, over her gorgeous ass. When she wrapped her full lips over him he squeezed his eyes shut. The orgasm coiling in the base of his spine, tingling, teasing, threatening.

He forced his eyes open, and instead of his own hands, he pictured Tris's cinnamon skin working his flesh, sucking him deep into the back of her mouth. Making him desperate to come. But it wasn’t until she pulled back, teasing the tip of him with a hint of a graze of her teeth, did he explode into his hands.

His body jerked, and his knees shook. The edge of his vision greyed as his orgasm rolled through his body. If just dreaming about her could make him this crazy, then what would the real thing to do him. Would she even leave him standing? Or would he happily crawl after her?

Damn it. He had to find a way to get his feelings for her under control, otherwise, he wouldn't last another week.





TRIS STARED at her phone for the hundredth time. Shane still hadn't responded. Had she read things wrong? She'd gotten it wrong, hadn't she?

"Oh, for the love of God, call him or go over there, but stop staring at your phone like it's divination or something." Xia slammed her laptop down.

Tris's head snapped up. "Wh-what?"

Sydney tugged out her earbuds. "Xia is right. If you're gonna go over, just go over and get it over with, but you've been preoccupied all night. If he's not paying attention, make him pay attention."

How did they know? She hadn't said a word to them when she'd come back last night. "I don’t know what you're talking about."

Syd rolled her eyes and hopped off her bunk. "Oh, please. You were covered in hot-make-out-session glow last night. And you forget the walls are paper thin."

Mortified, she flushed then dragged a pillow over her head.

Xia laughed. "It's not nice to tease her, Syd. Relax, we didn't know a thing until you confirmed just now with that red face of yours." She shrugged. "Besides, you had a glow about you when you came back. We sort of hoped to live vicariously through you."

"Why the hell didn't you guys say anything?"

Xia tossed a stuffed giraffe at her. "Because we want you to tell us yourself, silly. It's not as fun when we have to torture you for information."

A laugh burst of out her. "Yeah, thanks for that. But I don't know, I think he regrets it. I sent him a text; he hasn't responded. Shit, I'm really no good at this. This is what my dad's over-protection has done to me."

"That's stupid," said Xia. "Didn't you see the way he was watching you all afternoon? I mean, that man never takes his eyes off you. Even when he's not watching you, he's aware of where you are."

Tris shook her head. "I don't think so."

"As much as I like Xia to be wrong about things, she's right about this. You're on his radar. Give the guy a chance. He might be busy right now."

"Well, even if he was watching me all afternoon, he's certainly not watching me now, or paying attention to my texts. I scared him off. Came on too strong."

Xia scoffed. "Nonsense.”

Sydney rubbed her chin. "What did your text say?"

Her skin flushed. Her attempt as sexting didn't seem so great now. "I asked him if he wanted to help me lick my wounds. Since he beat me on the track."

Xia folded her arms, and her brows rose. "Solid sext. You surprise me every day, Munroe."

"Yeah, well, solid or not, he didn't reply, so that's not a good sign."

Xia and Sydney exchanged a glance, but it was Xia who spoke. "Okay, here's the thing. We knew it would be complicated. He might be freaking out because he's not supposed to have you. He's not supposed to want you. It's probably fucking with his head."

Sydney snorted. "I would have hoped he'd handle it better. But the best way to get a guy off his ass is to get a new one on your ass. Someone a little easier to get to know."

"No. Don’t listen to Syd. At least not to her come-get-some methodology. But she has a point. Shane is not a starter man, he's a man, man. A senior. We might need to try out skills on a smaller, prey guy first."

Tris sighed. "So what you guys are saying is, aim lower."

Xia put her hand up. "Hell, no. That man is yours. We just need to soften him up a little, and in the meantime, we work on your skills. When you learn to swim, you start in the shallow end. Same for dating. Shane is the fucking ocean. Let's start at the kiddie pool."

"Travis is a great kiddie pool," Sydney said. "He's cute and sweet and infatuated with you. So we try him out. And added bonus, you said you wanted to experience normal. He's normal. Shane is out of this world."

Tris bit her lip. Travis was nice, but he didn't make her feel a tenth of what Shane did. "What is wrong with me? I have a perfectly nice guy who went out of his way to flirt with me today. And instead, I'm obsessing over the guy who won’t sext me back. I need help."

Xia nodded. "Yes. Yes, you do. But luckily for you, you have us. Besides, all women do this. We're biologically programmed to want the best specimen."

Tris laughed even as she dove to answer her ringing phone. She swallowed her disappointment when she saw it was Ricca. "Hey, Ree."

"Hey, cuz, just returning your earlier call. Loud and clear with no giving your dad your new number."

"Thank you. I'm still keeping the other phone, but I don't put it past him not to put a tracker in it or something." Not the real reason, but her cousin didn't need all the details.

"How's it going? You finding time to have some fun?"

"Not bad, actually. We had a team builder with the floor today, and I wiped the floor with my new friends, so it's making me real popular."

Ricca laughed. "Well, at least you’re making friends. Listen, I have a question for you."

"Sure, what's up?"

Ricca paused. "Well, I was calling to see if you were still looking for a job?"

Tris sat up. "Yes, do you know anyone hiring?" After the phone store, she'd filled out three applications but wasn't holding her breath. She'd already applied at several of the places on campus, and so far nothing. No one wanted to hire someone with no work experience.

"Actually, I am. At Fantasies Inc."

"You're shitting me." Her cousin's company planned high-end fantasy adventures for people wanting the ultimate luxury adventure, whether it be a wedding, a proposal, a birthday, or just an adrenaline adventure.

"I shit you not. It's an internship, so you might be able to get some credit, and I know you're undecided on your major, but it'll work on your project management, operations, and admin skills. What do you think?"

"Yes, please, I want."

Ricca laughed. "Okay, great. How is next Wednesday afternoon for you to come on by the office? We'll show you around and have you meet the team. And I can show you some of the stuff I need help with."

"I'm so there." When she hung up, her friends looked up expectantly. "That was Ricca offering me a job."

Xia whooped, and Sydney grinned. This was what freedom felt like. She could get used to it. Maybe she should give Travis a chance, too. They were right. Shane was like swimming in the ocean. The kiddie pool would work just fine for her.





CHAPTER 3




"Are you sure about this? I mean it seems a little drastic."

Shane ignored War's voice in his earpiece. He knew what he was doing. He'd slipped up last week, and he needed to get back on an even keel. Even if it made his job more difficult. Even if it made his stomach curl. His natural inclination was not to hurt Tris. But he had to do that now or things were going to get way out of hand. "Yeah, I'm sure. What are you, my mother now?"

His friend's chuckle was low. "All I'm saying is it's kind of drastic. And you don't have to do it. It's not like Caleb ever expressly said you couldn't get with this girl."

Shane was careful not to move his lips too much when he spoke. "Are you even listening to yourself right now?"

"What?"

"Repeat what you just said in your head."

War sighed. "I know, man, but all I'm saying is he'd understand. It's not like he didn't fall for Micha the same way. I've heard the stories."

So had Shane, but that was rationalizing. "I've heard the same stories, but I think different rules apply to Tris. He made it clear she’s like family. Gave me the speech about how sheltered she was and how I needed to look after her."

War muttered something under his breath. "Have it your way, but there might be no coming back from this."

"You let me worry about that, will you?"

"Suit yourself." There was a beat of silence, then he said, "Incoming on your two o'clock."

He didn't need War to tell him that Tris was coming toward him in the student center. He was so attuned to her, he felt it. Like the full force of the sun's gravitational pull, his body was drawn to her orbit.

Dressed in tight, but breathable, spandex running pants and a running shirt that barely reached her belly button, she looked like a woman on a mission. She was deadly serious about training for this marathon. He knew she'd been out on one run this morning already. He'd followed her from a distance. It hadn’t been pretty. She’d looked like she might keel over after every half mile or so, but after a breather, she picked up and kept going. He had no choice but to admire her determination.

When their gazes locked, she smiled up at him tentatively. "Oh, hey, Shane."

He immediately darted his gaze around, hoping he wasn't overselling the looking nonchalant angle. "Hi, Tris. You heading on a run?"

"Yeah, I use the treadmills in the gym for when I up my distance for the week." She frowned. "Did you change your schedule? I feel like I've never seen you over here at this time."

He could still drop this plan, just tell her he was playing hooky. He didn't need to hurt her. Yes, you do. Otherwise, she'd go about thinking he was good for her, and he needed to shatter that illusion. She was sweet, sheltered, innocent. The abuse he’d endured from the old man had cracked something inside him. He wasn't exactly boyfriend material. He had no idea how to deal with his own emotions, let alone someone else’s. She deserved to be with someone whole, who could love her.

"Yeah, I uh, I'm meeting someone." That's right, keep it nice and vague.

"Oh." She rocked back on her heels as she grabbed the handle of her bag. "So, uhm, about the other night, we should maybe—"

"Hey, you. I've been waiting for you in the other lounge for ten minutes."

He knew to expect the toned brunette. War never disappointed. The girl was stacked, with flawless skin, a sunny smile, and wide, blue eyes. But despite that he knew what was happening, and he knew why he had to do it, he hadn’t prepared himself enough for the stark look of hurt that flashed across Tris's expression before she masked it.

"Hey, Livy. I'd like you to meet one of my students, Tristia."

Liv performed perfectly. She stuck out her hand and gave Tris a bright smile. "Hey, nice to meet you. Are you one of the ones who keeps Shane hopping? I swear, I rarely see him these days. But we're gonna fix that."

God, Tris was strong. He had nothing but respect for her as she woodenly held out her hand and plastered a smile onto her face. "Nice to meet you."

"You too." Liv turned her attention to him. "We should go; I'm starved."

She didn’t meet his gaze. "And I need to get running. So see you around."

It was official. He. Was. An. Asshole. "See you, Tris."

The plan was not to shut her down completely. He still needed her to think of him as a friend of sorts. But he had to play into her insecurity a little. Make it seem like he was at least interested in someone else without officially putting him into slime ball category. Either way, he felt like shit. But that's what he had to do because there was no way he could let himself get close to her again. He wanted her too damn bad.





KEEP YOUR HEAD UP. Look ahead. Hold it in until you can get somewhere private. Tris refused to break down. She refused. At the very least until she could get somewhere where no one would see her cry.

Right before the gym, she darted into the restroom and locked the door behind her. “Shit. Shit. Shit,” she muttered as a hot splash of tears hit her cheeks. What the hell was wrong with her? It’s not like they’d had some grand love affair. Why was she so upset? Because it felt significant. She’d felt like she was important to him. He’d made her feel like that. Like he actually saw her, and not the front she put up.

Her hands shook, and she caught sight of herself in the mirror. Her eyes were wide and glassy, and her complexion sallow. She splashed cold water on her face to bring some of the color back.

As she blotted dry, she reminded herself that she’d wanted to be free, to experience life. And this was part of it. She’d gotten her hopes up, but at the end of the day, she didn't own Shane. He’d made it clear from the beginning that he couldn’t be with her.

It still pinched like a pair of Kim Kardashian shoes, but this was what she’d wanted. Life and freedom. And there was a price to pay. It was no big deal. There were thousands of other guys on campus. Guys who weren’t so hot and cold. Guys who weren’t completely unavailable. As far as she was concerned, Shane Atkinson could eat his heart out.





CHAPTER 4




Two days later, Tris strode through the halls of Fantasies Inc., her heels clicking on the marble. She could certainly get used to this. The downtown offices of Fantasies Inc. were located in a converted hotel in the Gaslamp District. Outside the building was a nod to old world 1930’s. Inside, it was all sleek and modern.

Floors eight through ten housed Fantasies. When Tris had stepped off the elevator, the place took her breath away. It looked like a giant adult playground. Large photos of people doing death-defying things like bungee jumping off a bridge in Africa or base jumping over the Grand Canyon, covered the office in larger than life floor to ceiling glory.

The photos of over-the-top weddings were given equal prominence, as were the photos of teenagers on concert stages with the likes of Britney Spears.

Xia and Sydney were never going to believe this place.

After her interview, her cousin walked her out. "So, what do you think of our little offices?" Ricca asked.

"Are you kidding? I love it here. This is awesome. I can't wait to get started."

"And you're sure you can stand to work for me?"

Her cousin was probably the sweetest person she'd ever met in her life. "I think I can take it."

"Good because I'm not going to take it easy on you just because you’re my favorite cousin."

"I would expect nothing less. Normal remember? That's what I'm going for, so I want it all, complete with a boss I can't stand."

Ricca laughed. "In that case, maybe I should assign you to work with Angel. She's part of the resident bitch squad."

"On second thought..." Tris let her voice trail off.

"Oh, and I'm really sorry about dinner tonight. Are you sure you don’t mind doing tomorrow instead? Alec held Beckett another night at the Vancouver site, and he really wanted to see you. But he'll be back in the morning. Alec promised to make it up to you by giving you and your friends another night at the nightclub."

"That's cool of him but not necessary. Though Xia and Sydney will kill me if I don’t accept."

"Thought so. As long as you guys behave and don’t drink, you'll get VIP and all the Coca Cola you can drink."

Tris laughed. "Just what I've always wanted. Let me get out of your hair. I'll see you tomorrow?"

Ricca hugged her in the lobby and headed back for the elevator.

Outside, on the street, Tris couldn't resist a tourist moment. Lifting her head, she admired the skyscrapers of downtown as she waited for her Uber driver. What she really marveled at was the constant sunshine. It really didn't rain here at all. Not a single gray day for three weeks. The mornings had a marine layer, but by ten, it was a perfect seventy-five degree San Diego day.

The hairs stood up on the back of her neck, and she immediately glanced around. It wasn't something she could pinpoint, and she was probably a little more paranoid than most. She was safe here. She had a new phone. And she knew how to be careful. Push comes to shove, she could go back inside and ask Ricca to take her back to campus. But no matter what she told herself, she still couldn't shake the feeling.

As soon as her car pulled up, she slid in easily and looked around again to make sure. But nothing stood out. Nobody was too still. People milled about on the street, enjoying the afternoon. When the driver dropped her back on campus, she considered texting Shane to tell him, or even worse, stopping by. But she thought better of the idea.

She'd seen him exactly twice since the incident with that girl. Both times had been in class. Lecture and their TA session. She could have sworn she'd caught him staring at her in lecture, but in their TA session, he'd ignored her unless she had an answer to a direct question. She'd turned in her paper, but instead of writing about the time she'd hit on him outside the club, she'd written about Travis's approach. The girls were right. She needed to start small. And his silence made it clear he wasn’t interested.

The same itchy, being-watched feeling crept up her back again, and she glanced around. She needed to get a grip.

"Hey, Tris."

The voice was familiar, and she turned in the direction. Shielding her eyes from the sun, she smiled when she saw Travis approaching, wide smile in place. He really was very sweet, and cute. And you have absolutely no desire to see him naked. None at all. But neither did he make her whole body freeze up, so that was a plus. It was okay. She had to get used to talking and interacting with guys.

"Hey, Travis, how are you?"

"I'm good, just coming back from work."

"Yeah, me too."

His brows rose. "You got a job? That's great. I know you said you were worried about not having one yet."

"Yeah, today pretty much. I'll be working at Fantasies Inc., downtown."

His eyes popped. "That's not what it sounds like, is it? Not that I'm judging you."

Tris laughed. "No. It's not like that. They plan fantasy weddings, birthdays, and excursions."

"Ahh, far less entertaining than I was thinking, but still interesting."

"I'll just bet I know what you were thinking."

He shrugged. "I'm a guy with an active imagination. Can’t blame me or the mental picture."

Okay, this was flirting. She sort of liked it. Maybe she really hadn't given him much of a chance. "Hey, sorry it's taken me a couple of days to give you an answer about Casablanca. I'd love to see it with you."

"Seriously?" He sounded confused that she'd said yes.

"Yeah, I think it'll be fun. I'm looking forward to it."

"Great. Friday? It'll be fun."

She laughed, his enthusiasm infectious. "Yeah, it will be."

Talk about shitty timing though. As they walked inside, Shane came out, and Tris automatically held her breath. Travis though, looked thrilled to see their RA. "Hey, man, I took your advice. Waited her out, she said yes."

Shane's clear, aquamarine eyes focused on Tris, and she flushed. The afternoon sunshine was suddenly too bright, too warm.

"Is that so?" His smile was tight as their eyes met.

Asshole. Tris grinned. “Yeah, it should be a fun night.” Why was he acting like a jealous moron? Snooze, you lose. She smirked as she channeled her inner Sydney.

Shane cocked his head and pierced her with a quick glare before turning a sunny smile to Travis. "Congratulations. Sometimes, all you have to do is wait. You guys have fun now."

Even after he was gone, Tris could still feel his gaze on her. She needed to figure out a way to get him out of her system for good. Otherwise, the rest of the year was going to be torture.





CHAPTER 5




"One simple rule," Tris muttered to herself. "Do not think about Shane. Or even better, do not think about Shane with his perky girlfriend. Do not think about Shane kissing you. Do not think about Shane with his hands—never mind. Just do not think about Shane."

But somehow, no matter what she did, there he was. Even now, as she rounded the corner to the stacks in the library, there he was, at one of the corner tables, his books and papers spread out around him.

This morning, they'd bumped into each other on a run. Hell, he'd even run with her for a portion of it. It was driving her nuts. It was bad enough that she couldn't have him. Or that he may or may not have some stunner of a girlfriend. She didn't need to be tortured with seeing him all the time, too.

And to make matters worse, she really could have actually used him as a friend. If they were on speaking terms, she would have had a few things to tell him, starting with her mysterious caller. She checked her old phone daily, and there were always several missed calls from a blocked number. She logged them for the time being. Once her midterms were over, she’d deal with it. She most certainly was not calling her father. Next to Shane, campus police was her best bet. They’d be ill-equipped to handle it, but it was the best option she had for the time being.

Focus. Forget about him. She had to finish her next paper on the theory of attraction for Gifford, and she wanted to do well. Gifford had internship opportunities starting next semester, and if Sociology was going to be her major, Dr. Gifford was one woman she wanted to work with. She had an in with several research institutions around the world.

Just keep your head down and do not look at him. The sooner she did what she needed, the sooner she got to be done and not see him.

Yeah, if only it worked like that. When she found the book she wanted, she scowled. Stupid thing was just out of reach. Grabbing the ladder seemed like overkill. Stretching as far as she could go, she grazed the edge with her finger tips, but unfortunately, she pushed the book further in. Damn it.

"Gotta learn to ask for help sometime, Tris."

She jumped around with a squeal when Shane's breath brushed her ear. Jesus Christ. The man had the feet of a ninja. Just another reason to hate him. "Damn it, you scared me."

He gave her that lopsided, partial smile, and she steeled herself against it. He was a cheating asshole. Okay, not that she knew that for sure, but she sure knew how it looked.

"I'm sorry about that. Are you okay?"

He was close enough for her to feel the heat of his body. Close enough that when he breathed, his chest nearly brushed hers. Close enough to wonder if he could hear her tripping heartbeat. She gritted her teeth. "I'm fine. I just need to finish my assignment."

Nodding in understanding, he reached over her head and plucked the book off the shelf. When he handed it to her. He cocked his head. "Here you go."

She took it with a little more force than intended. And her mumbled thank you sounded a lot more like an epithet than gratitude.

But that span of two seconds of reasonable time for him to back up passed, and they stood too close in the stacks, both of them breathing in sharp, erratic breaths. When he spoke, his voice was low.

"Are you really going out with Travis?"

Fury was the first emotion to bubble to the surface. "Explain to me how that's your business?"

His voice was deadly calm, but still, he didn't budge. "Answer the question, Tris."

"If you must know, then yeah. It should be a lot of fun."

His gaze narrowed, making her feel trapped under their intensity. "I guess I hadn't realized you two were a thing."

"All thanks to you." She jutted her chin out.

"Damn it, Tris."

She was too tired for this. He was playing a game she didn't have the rulebook to. Without thinking, she blurted, "Where's your girlfriend? Livy right? Wish I'd known about her before we—"

He slammed his lips over hers before she could complete the thought. A million good intentions rolled through her head. But when he was touching her, nothing else really mattered. She sank into the kiss, pressing her body into his. He gave her a low growl of satisfaction when she parted her lips. Tongue delving in, he kissed her thoroughly, all the while his hands gripped her hips.

Desperate to hold onto something concrete as she spiraled out of reality, Tris grabbed his shoulders. So much for resisting. So much for not thinking about him. He cupped the back of her head, angling her the way he wanted, and she surrendered. Finally melting into him fully.

With a curse, he tore his lips from hers. "Jesus Christ, why can't I stay the fuck away from you?"

Just like that, the spell was broken, and she shoved at his shoulders. "Here's a hint, try harder. You've made it clear you don’t want to be with me. I'm tired of the whiplash routine. I'm sure Livy's more down for it." When she shoved past him, she didn't look back.





WHAT. The. Fuck. Shane’s lips tingled as he watched her walk away. He was losing it. Completely losing his shit. He’d been trying to give her some space, and it was mostly working. She was still polite when she saw him, but she gave him a wide berth.

And that was fine. He didn’t need to be on top of her. Oh, yes, you do. He silenced his cock and his inappropriate puns. Since she ran in the early mornings though, it meant he had no choice but to follow and or run with her. She hadn't been so enthusiastic about that. But he hoped she didn't stop running on his account.

She was getting marginally better, less keeling over, and just a little bit faster. He wanted her to hit her goal. He knew how important it was to her.

Shit, he had it bad. For the last few days, he’d been listening for any mention of his name in her room. But every time she did mention his name, she’d groan and add money to her Shane jar, then deliberately change the subject with her friends. She was the first thing on his mind when he woke up.

He wasn’t a total idiot; he knew what he was feeling was more than just wanting to touch her. But that didn’t change the fact he couldn’t do anything about it. Or change the fact he wouldn’t be particularly good for her.

But seeing her with Travis yesterday had pissed him the fuck off. He liked the kid, but the idea of his hands anywhere near Tris made Shane contemplate murder. He certainly knew how to kill a man. He could get rid of the body too. Stop. Breathe. She’s not yours.

He’d actually been managing to keep his shit tight and under control too. Then what the fuck just happened? He’d just been so close, and she smelled damned incredible. Her lips acted like a homing beacon, and he’d kissed her.

Stupid, stupid, stupid. He had to decide what was more important to him, Tris, or the job. She represented everything he hadn't been allowed to have growing up. Sweetness, and fun, and love. But Caleb meant a future he could forge for himself.

For his head, the decision was simple. The job. If he let himself care about her, he’d eventually hurt her and lose her. But even though his heart knew the eventual outcome, the stupid thing chose love.





CHAPTER 6




Screw the shallow end, Tris wanted the ocean. Travis was sweet and did everything he should have done on the date. Except turn her on. The conversation was awkward and stilted, as if once they both knew they were on a date, the easy conversation went out the window and they'd adopted the awkward first date etiquette.

Luckily, they'd been given a reprieve once the movie started. She had resorted to making a list of all the things they could talk about. Did all first dates seem like an interview? She'd dated very little in high school, but it hadn't been like this. For starters, she'd had some big ass chaperones with her. And they were more formal, like school dances. This didn't feel the same. It felt somehow more grown up, nuanced and infinitely more difficult.

At some point in the movie, Travis tried his hand at old school flirting and threw an arm around her shoulder. It wasn't that she felt threatened at all, but she generally liked someone to ask permission before they touched her. But he doesn’t know your buttons, relax.

Maybe this was hopeless and she wasn't meant to do normal.

No. She could do this. Smile, laugh, date. Even if Travis's cologne was too sweet and made her want to throw up a little. When the movie let out, he took her hand as they exited.

"So, do you want to go get dessert? Ghirardelli's is still open."

Somehow, that was the best part of the night. The idea of hot melted chocolate over cool ice-cream was the only thing that could salvage how she was feeling. She gave him a tight smile. "Sure, sounds great."

On their walk at least, their conversation improved marginally as they talked about the movie.

When they arrived at the ice-cream shop, the bright lights jarred her brain a little. She was certain she’d seen Shane in a car that drove by.

Stop it. What was her problem? No matter what, she saw him everywhere. And worse, she kept thinking how it would have been a far different date with him. How she would have wanted to touch him, wanted to have his hands on her, been anticipating a goodnight kiss. Maybe more. Right now, all she was hoping for were her sweats and comfy slippers.

He was a nice guy and didn't deserve this. "Travis, I'm really sorry, but I don't think this is working."

He sighed and dropped his hand. "Someone else?"

"Sort of. Not really. It's a little complicated. And you're great, but I'm just not feeling it. The chemistry is off. I think we'd make good friends."

He nodded. "I'd thought there might be someone else when you took a little while to say yes." He shrugged. "But it was worth a try. All my friends told me to aim lower. But I figured nothing ventured, nothing gained. I never actually thought you'd say yes."

"You're great, just not for me."

"We can still have ice-cream, right?"

"Heck yeah." He might not be date material, but she was doing something else on her list. Making friends that weren't Xia and Sydney. It never hurt to have more friends.





"YOU OKAY ON THIS ASSIGNMENT?"

Shane slid Caleb a look as they waited outside the ice- cream shop for Tris to come out. No, this assignment was not fucking okay. He was not okay. "Yep, great."

"You're doing a good job, you know. You don’t need to be so tense. One of the reasons I wanted to give you this post is I think you need to hang with people close to your own age."

"A bunch of eighteen year olds?"

Caleb rolled his eyes. "I know your dad was hard on you. Pushed you, had you skip grades, so you never got to do the college thing. I mean, obviously you went, but I get the impression there were no parties and keggers. I figured this could give you a sense of it. It seems to suit you."

Shane nodded "Yeah, just call me Jump Street."

Caleb snorted. "You're doing okay though?"

He shrugged. "I'm fine." If by fine, he meant fantasizing about the girl he was supposed to be protecting every damn night. "The bed's tight, but I'll live."

"I think Ricca said something about taking Tris on a work event overnight. I'll put some guys on it and give you a full night back at your place."

His own bed? That was something he could certainly use. "I'll take a night off."

"How are you doing outside of work? You getting settled in? Meeting people?"

Shane knew a fishing expedition when he saw one. Caleb wasn't even being slick. "You want to talk to me about girls?"

Caleb shrugged. "Well, we're stuck in a car, and we'll be in this car for at least the next hour or so, so we might as well talk about something." Then Caleb blinked and frowned. "Oh, wait. Uh, you can talk to me if there's a guy you're..." His voice trailed.

Shane barked a laugh. "Uh, no, Caleb. I'm straight. Totally straight." He wondered how he would take it if he mentioned just how straight he was. And who had his undivided attention most of the time. He doubted that would go well.

"Hey, no judgment." Caleb held up his hands.

"How come when everyone says that there's always a little bit of judgment?"

Caleb shrugged. "I just didn't figure it. You're a good-looking kid on a college campus with lots of pretty girls. But you've never asked for a night off in the three weeks you've been on assignment. I don't want you spending too much time alone."

"I get you." He nodded. "And I appreciate it. I do. But you don't need to worry. I'll take some downtime when this is all over."

"Hate to break it to you, kid, but this could be a while."

"I know. Any leads on the letter?"

Caleb shook his head. "No. We're still working on it. But the phone number, it's attempted to call her again, a few times, sometimes in succession."

Shane frowned. "He's getting frustrated that she's not answering."

"Yep. It'll draw him out and put him behind bars."

Shane prayed that's how it worked out. Because every time he read her file and what had happened to her, it made him sick, and he wondered if he'd be capable of killing someone with his bare hands.

Caleb nodded toward the ice-cream shop and Shane's gut twisted. There she was, and Travis had his hand at the small of her back as he escorted her out.

Shane gripped the steering wheel and took long, even breaths. He was not going to kick the kid's ass for doing something he wished he could do himself. He was an adult, he could use his words...mostly.

"You see, even with everything that happened to her, she's taking a chance at living. Maybe you should do the same thing."

Shane swallowed hard. If you don't want someone else touching her, then do something about it.

Except he’d already ruined his chances of being with her. Just perfect.





CHAPTER 7




Chapter

"I said fucking tiger lilies, not calla lilies!"

The sound of Tris’s client’s voice under normal circumstances gave new meaning to nails on a chalkboard. But add yelling, and no lie, Tris was nearly ready to quit.

Michaela Adams was a terror, and Tris had no idea how Ricca dealt with her on a frequent basis. Tonight was the Fashion Rocks event, and Michaela was one of the featured designers. So understandably she was under pressure. But she had to stop with the tantrums like right the fuck now.

Tris was starting to think she didn’t have what it took to do this job. They'd been in Vegas exactly thirty minutes, and already the city of sin was a total bust. "I'm so sorry. I'm looking at the floral list and it says calla lilies. I-I don’t know what happened."

A bead of sweat rolled down her back, getting trapped by her bra.

What the hell was she going to do? Ricca had brought her here to be helpful. If she couldn’t do the job, she was going to get fired.

Michaela glared at her, then stalked toward her. "I'll tell you what happened. You were so busy snap chatting or whatever with your friends that you weren’t paying attention. I want Ricca. And as for you, I’m going to need you to paint those like they look like tiger lilies."

Shit. Her cousin had given her one job. Get the flower arrangements signed off by Michaela then head on downstairs to do the final fittings for the models tonight. The event was supposed to be a fashion benefit, but right now, she'd be lucky if Michaela didn't kill her before tonight.

Suck it up, Tris, you can do this. "Ricca is otherwise engaged." She stilted her chin up and glared at the woman. "You're not going to have access to her until she is good and ready, so this is the choice you have. You can make do with the flowers you have or we can do a rush order on an assortment of flowers. But one thing that is not happening is me hand dying these flowers for you.”

Michaela blinked at her, surprised. She was accustomed to getting what she wanted. "What did you say to me?"

"I said, you cannot talk to Ricca right now. You can talk to me about the setup, the music, or even the flowers, but you have to understand, I’m not hand dying all these flowers for the purpose of one night. Now, if you are willing, we can rationally discuss alternatives, but you cannot yell at me. Am I clear?"

Tris was worried the crazy woman might actually slug her, but Michaela nodded.

By the time it hit seven o'clock and the doors opened, Tris was exhausted, but she still had to coordinate the red carpet event. All day, she and Ricca had been running around taking care of last minute things, and they'd barely seen each other. When they finally got a breather to be able to sit and chat, all Tris wanted to do was sit down and pass out.

"Tris, honey, you did such a great job; and you look fantastic," Ricca said.

"Thanks, cuz, this old thing?" She gestured to her simple black dress.

Ricca grinned. "I think the shoes make the dress."

Tris couldn’t help a small smile. “They are quickly becoming my favorite shoes."

"They do have a way of growing on you." She glanced around and tugged her to the side of the ballroom. "I heard about Michaela's temper tantrum today. I'm sorry you had to deal with her. Just remember, it's not personal."

"Once I let her know that I wasn’t going to put up with tantrums, she behaved."

"I'm really proud of you. I know she can be a giant pain in the ass."

"Next time, a heads up please?"

"Sure thing. How you holding up otherwise? Are you having fun?"

Tris tried hard to be sunny. "The job is amazing. I'm really enjoying it. Even today. Once I calmed Michaela down, she was actually okay. I like the problem solving."

Her cousin cocked her head. "Well, looks like you might be a natural." But despite the sweetness, Ricca also didn’t miss much. She narrowed her eyes and asked, "So if work is going so great, then what’s bugging you?”

"Would you believe boy trouble?"

"Anyone you need Beckett to go scare the shit out of?"

Tris giggled at the thought of her cousin's laid-back husband threatening to beat someone up. He certainly had the size to pull it off, but Becket was definitely a lover not a fighter. "No. It was my fault. I got my signals crossed, and he's not that into me, so it smarts a bit."

"His loss, but if you really like him, have an honest conversation with him. Beckett and I would have saved years if we'd been honest about how we felt in the first place."

"Yeah, I tried to be honest, but it seems like he's interested in someone else."

Ricca raised a brow. "Oh, really? Is that the sound of defeat coming from my cousin? You're a Munroe woman. I'm sure you know how to make a man sweat. Here's a hint. Use the shoes."

Tris glanced down at the shimmery gold on her feet. "You know, that might not be a bad idea."





SHANE SHOT A TWO-POINTER, and the ball barely even hit the rim before bouncing out.

“Yo, if you’re not going to get your head in the game, then why are we playing basketball?” War complained.

His friend had shown up an hour ago and dragged Shane out to play some hoops. “Do I have to remind you it was your idea to come play?”

“I thought bringing you out here would help you kick this funk of yours.”

“It’s not a funk. I’m just worried about her, that’s all.”

War shook his head. “I mean, does this girl have super snatch or something? She’s cute and all, but dang, you are a hot mess.”

Shane worked his jaw and resisted the urge to kill his friend. “I’m not fucking her, okay?”

War put up his hands. “Easy does it. I’m only giving you shit. What’s gotten into you?”

“Fine, do you want to hear that you were right? About the Livy thing?”

War shrugged. “Maybe you should talk to her. I didn’t realize you were so into her.”

“I’m not.” Liar. “She’s just innocent, like Caleb said. I don’t want to see her hurt. And I’m invested in her well-being. I’m used to watching her, that’s all.”

“Okay, fine, whatever you say. Not my business, except that we’ve been bros since we were eight, and I’ve never seen you this twisted up over a girl.”

”I’m not twisted. I’m completely in control.”

“If you believe that, then you’re in bigger denial than I thought.”

Denial was his friend all right. “I appreciate the concern, but I’m fine.” Liar.





CHAPTER 8




Chapter

"I need you to take Tris out of town for a couple of days."

Shane blinked rapidly, then muttered, "Excuse me?"

He and Caleb had opted to meet on campus directly on the cut, as it was too close to six and Shane had a class coming up. So there was no way he could make it to the offices downtown. Now he sat on one of the benches overlooking the cut with Caleb on the other side, facing the library.

"Maintain your cover, kid."

Shane cranked his neck and returned his eyes to his human sexuality book. He had some crib notes, but as far as the teacher was concerned, he needed to know the material the students learned. "Sorry, he muttered."

"We're going to see if we can flush out the sender of the email. Can you snag me her old phone so we can make it look like she’s active and mobile on it?"

It made sense. Getting her out of town was a good move. It would keep her safe while seeing if they had an internal mole to worry about.

"I take it we're not including Roland and his men on this?"

From his periphery, he could see Caleb shake his head. "Nope, just in-house. So, can you do it?"

How the hell was he supposed to answer? He'd spent a good deal of time establishing distance between him and Tris. At the same time keeping her as close as he dared. Granted, he'd sort of blown it the other day when he kissed her.

But it wasn't his fault. For now, he'd blame it on chemistry. No matter what he did, if he was close enough to her, he was going to want to kiss her, touch her. But he was not letting his uncle in on that little secret.

"I'm not sure. It's not like we're best friends-tight or anything. What's the cover?"

"The Music Beats concert in Los Angeles. I can give you War as back up if you need it. Alec got the tickets, and you'll be put up at the Westhorpe Los Angeles."

He shook his head. "I'll do my best. But might not work."

"Get her on board by tomorrow. If not, we can work another angle. Micha will offer her and her friends the tickets and she'll go with them. But truth be told, it'll be easier to make it work if you do it. Because if she goes with her friends, you'll still need to go and so will War, but then you have to explain your being there."

"I could just say we wanted to go to the show too."

"VIP is limited. Even for a Westhorpe. So take the path of least resistance."

Excitement and anticipation skipped along in his veins. Is this what it felt like to be an addict? Because he was too damn happy about the prospect of being locked up with her in a hotel room for days. Damn. This meant he'd have to drag himself back into the center of the stormy turmoil of emotions he'd just extricated himself from. Stop kidding yourself, you want to go with her. You want her. "And if she gets the wrong idea about the hotel?"

There was a beat of silence from Caleb. "You, Tris, and War have rooms right next to each other. I’ll have Ricca suggest that you stay in the hotel. Help your cover out a little.”

“That will help. It’ll be hard enough getting her to agree to go.”

Caleb sighed. "It's pretty clear you're into someone. I’m sorry that this kind of trip might put some strain on a personal relationship that you need to have."

Shane released a long breath. He was caught. "What?"

"You think I was born yesterday? Come on, man. You're not fooling anybody. I can see it. You’re a little on edge. It’s a good thing. As long as your feelings don’t distract you from work.”

Yeah, distract was one way of putting it. “It won't get in the way. I can get it done."

Caleb nodded. "Just remember, your cover is paramount."

"I know that, Caleb. I'll keep cover, and I'll tread lightly."

"Keep her close."

"I plan to." Now, all he had to do was convince Tris he wasn't a complete and total asshole.





TRIS SHIFTED IN HER SEAT. It had been three days since Shane had kissed her in the library. Since she'd tried to forget about him by going out with Travis.

And of course today, they would be talking about what made someone good in bed. And of course the only damn seats available in lecture this morning had been four rows up, dead center. With a perfect view of Shane. Heat pooled in her center, and she crossed and uncrossed her legs in an effort to get more comfortable.

"You can cross your legs all you want, but the only thing that's going to cure that ache is to get a new one under you." Syd leaned in to whisper.

She was not getting a new man under her. Travis was still a little awkward around her, but at least they were friends. And she wasn't jumping some drunken frat boy just for the purposes of ditching her V card. Besides, she doubted it would help with the ache. She had a distinct impression that was purely a Shane thing.

He was under her skin now. So much so that her mind conjured images of him for her viewing pleasure. And sometimes she would swear she’d seen him, but then she’d look again and it clearly wasn't him.

Granted, he also lived right next door, so she was seeing him every damn day now, between classes and running.

The only time she hadn't felt his presence at all was on the trip to Vegas she'd taken last weekend with Ricca. She'd had a great time and learned a lot shadowing her cousin. She'd also gotten a lesson in difficult clients. So luckily, she hadn't had much time to think about him. But in an odd way, she'd felt lonely.

She was smart enough to know that most of the time, she wasn't actually seeing him, but it didn't stop her brain from conjuring up images of him at will. The other day she'd taken a long bath just to try to wash away some of the tension. But even that hadn't worked because she could hear him walking around in the room next door. Talking on the phone, just being alive. It was like his hotness was reaching out to assault her through the walls. Once or twice when she'd been listening especially close, she could have sworn she heard her name.

That's what had triggered her hot and bothered fantasies. With her roommates in class, she had no qualms about sliding her fingers underneath the water, between her slick folds, and applying just the right pressure to help alleviate the ache.

She'd imagined her fingers were his. Circling and teasing her clit, sliding a finger inside her as he kissed her nipples like he had that night before they'd been interrupted by dumb and drunker.

She had to do something about her not-so-hidden obsession with him. It wasn't healthy, and he clearly wasn't interested. It was time for a self-intervention. She'd already taken to self-bargaining. She paid a dollar to the tip jar every time she had an errant Shane thought. But that had become such a habit she might as well put in fifty dollars a day.

Tris shook her head and brought her attention back to the lecture. Completely by accident, she shifted her gaze over his body again. Stupid eyes, why couldn't they follow orders? Because she was reminded of just how fantastic his body was.

As her gaze shifted up, she met his. The corner of his lips tipped up into the semblance of a smile, and she flushed. Damn it, he'd caught her looking. It was like this screwed-up little game they kept playing. Who could catch who looking first?

Sydney snorted beside her. "You two keep having eye sex like that, and we're all going to spontaneously combust."

Yeah, well, it wasn't like she was doing it on purpose. With every word Doctor Gifford had said about what made someone good in bed, she couldn't help but think about how he would be in bed if she actually had sex with him. She already had a composite from what little she knew. He'd be in charge, of course, considering her little knowledge. But he would also be tender, careful.

She shivered, and his brow quirked. Lucky for her, the bell rang, signaling the end of the lecture. Flanked by Xia and Sydney, she exited the lecture hall and headed back toward the dorms.

From behind someone called, "Hey, Tris, can I talk to you for a sec?"

The hairs on her arms stood up, and a flush of heat warmed her body. Shane.

The three of them turned, and the girls bracketed their shoulders to hers. Man, she loved these guys. But sooner or later, she'd have to learn to fight her own battles.

Tipping her chin up she said, "So we're talking now?"

He winced. "Please, Tris. This'll only take a couple of minutes."

Xia and Sydney might be her back up, but they also wanted to live out some drama. They nudged her forward with their shoulders and stepped back a little.

Okay, fine, she could take a hint. "I'll see you guys back at the room."

As she watched her friends exit the humanities hall, she sighed before turning back to him. "What is it? A problem with my last paper?"

He shook his head. "No." Students jostled past them and finally he said, "Do you mind if we take a walk?"

Be nonchalant. Think nonchalant thoughts. Fat lot of good that would do. It was impossible to relax around him. "Sure. Fine. Whatever."

They went out the back exit, away from the throngs of students, toward the large grassy area in front of the Science and Tech buildings. Everyone else headed out the front, toward the student center, for the mid-morning coffee break. They were completely alone.

They walked in silence for a while before he finally spoke. "I owe you a huge apology."

She was in no mood to give him an inch. She kept her face impassive. "You do? For what?"

He sighed. "I deserve that, I know. I've acted like an asshole, and I want to say I'm sorry. It has nothing to do with you. It's all totally me."

"You're sorry?" She wasn't sure if she should believe him. Besides, why bother apologizing to her? She could have gone the rest of the semester not speaking to him.

"Yeah, I don’t want to walk around on eggshells with you. I was serious when I said I wanted us to be friends."

She cocked her head and stopped in the middle of the walkway. "Oh, yeah? Then tell me why you bailed. Or even better, why do you want to be friends?"

His intense gaze bore into hers. "You scare the shit out of me. The way you make me feel. Every time I'm with you, I feel like I could lose control, and that won't end up good for anybody." He dragged in a deep breath. “Not to mention I broke so many rules by touching you that night. I knew what I was doing was wrong, and I did it anyway. And I felt shitty for crossing that line. I'm in charge. I really should know better."

"Here's a hint—you were an asshole for totally ignoring me after. You could have just said something. You know, done the whole adult thing and used your words. Instead, you pretended like it never happened. Then, to make matters worse, you neglected to mention you have a girlfriend."

He pulled up his hoodie then shoved his hands into his pockets. "I know. I should have just talked to you, but Livy isn't my girlfriend. She's a friend. She's made it clear she wants more, but you're the one on my mind. I feel like shit, Tris. And then seeing you with the kid drove me fucking insane."

She blinked at him, exasperated. "You're the one who gave him dating advice. And why did you kiss me in the library? You realize it seems like you're fucking with my mind?"

"That was before I knew he was going to ask you out. As soon as I realized you were the mystery girl, the jealousy sort of ate at me. And you know why I kissed you. Since I met you, when I can kiss you again seems to be the prevailing thought."

Butterflies fluttered low in her belly, and she silently cursed them. Just because he said he was sorry didn't mean it was okay. "Why are you apologizing now? It's not like anything has changed exactly. You're still my RA and my TA."

"And I still think I'm not particularly good for you."

How was it possible she felt worse after he said he was sorry? "Then why are we having this conversation?"

He sighed and fixed that aquamarine gaze on her. "Because I'm tired of fighting it. And obviously I want to be more than just your friend. I'm not supposed to want you. But I do. I'm just trying to figure out how I can do this."

He wanted to be more than her friend? Her bones melted at the prospect as liquid lust flooded her veins. "Oh."

"I'm sorry, Tris. I was trying to be the good guy and stay away from you, but I got it wrong. I'd like a do-over. I know I don't deserve one, but if you give me a second chance, I promise I'll do better. Consider me in training to learn how to not to be a douche waffle."

Tris bit the inside of her cheek to keep from laughing. "I don’t know. I think it’s pretty obvious I'm a novice at the..." Her voice trailed and finally she pointed a finger to him then back at herself. "This kind of thing. Xia's right. You're like swimming in the ocean, and I clearly need a kiddie pool."

He dropped his voice. "I'll give you a life jacket. A preserver. A boat. And maybe we can take it slow, hang out a little. I earn your trust and show you I'm not a total asshole. I won't always be your RA."

Tris shook her head. "I don't need you to prove it. I've been around guys who aren’t good. You don’t give me the vibe. That's why I was so confused." She cleared her throat. “You know...after."

Shane ducked his head then peered at her through sooty lashes. "Does that mean you'll give me a second chance?"

She nodded with a smile. "So what? We're friends now? Or rather again?"

Her favorite smile flitted across his face again. "Uh, how about special friends?"

A laugh bubbled out of her. "That just sounds dirty."

He grinned, and she was momentarily stunned by the beauty of it.

"I was thinking—the Music Beats festival is this weekend in L.A. I've got a couple of tickets if you'd be interested in going."

Tris blinked up at him. The Radio Beats concert? She had been trying to win tickets off the radio since she got here. "How did you get tickets? It's been sold out for months."

He shrugged. "A magician never reveals his secrets. So what do you say? Want to go to a music festival with your special friend?"

"As long as he promises no more douche wafflery, then I'm in."

Back in her room, there was no avoiding Xia and Sydney's questions. They stared agog as she recounted what happened.

It was Xia who recovered from her shock first. "Holy shit balls, Batman, you go from not speaking to going away for the weekend."

"It's not like that. It's a concert. There are still some details to iron out."

"Like maybe where you're staying."

Tris shrugged. "Maybe it'll be a tent situation like at Coachella."

Xia shook her head, sending her hair flying around her shoulders. "Bullshit. If there's a tent, then you need to share his tent." She used air quotes as she said share.

Sydney snorted with laughter. "I'll share his tent if you don't. Girl, tell me you have lingerie tucked somewhere in that massive wardrobe."

Lingerie? "Uh, no."

"Well, we need to pick some up. Xia, tell this girl she needs lingerie."

Xia worried her lip with her teeth. "Normally, I think Sydney is over the top, but since we don’t know the sleeping situation, it couldn't hurt to get you something to sleep in other than your Colton Arms T-shirt."

Tris wrinkled her nose. "What's wrong with my Colton Arms T-shirt?"

Xia raised a brow. "For starters, it has holes in it."

Okay, so maybe they had a point.

Xia threw an arm around her shoulders. "Don’t worry, I'm not going to let Sydney stock you up on teddies and shit. Just something cute like boy shorts and camis."

"You guys, this won’t even matter because it's not like that. We're friends. Taking it slow...whatever that means." Special friends. "I'll be sleeping on my own."

Syd nodded like she didn't believe a word Tris said. "Well, you know, just in case. You want to be prepared, right?"

Well, when they put it like that, maybe it wouldn't hurt to have one or two things.





CHAPTER 9




The two-hour car ride to Los Angeles passed quickly. Tris was animated and chatty, and it meant Shane didn't have to do much work holding up his end of the conversation. It had been driving him crazy not to talk to her, see her, or hear her laugh except through the damn wall of his room. And then there was the added benefit of being able to keep her safer if she wasn't spending her time actively avoiding him.

The weekend she'd gone to Vegas with Ricca, he'd been restless. Obviously, Caleb had his best guys on her, and Shane had appreciated sleeping in his own bed. But not being the one to watch her made him antsy and unsettled.

Caleb was right. His whole life he'd never allowed himself to want anything. And now that he finally dared to want, it was just out of his grasp. But he was going to enjoy this weekend, even if it was just pretend. A black SUV passed them heading toward the toll roads. He considered following, but decided to go up the 5 Freeway; the longer they took to drive, the longer they had to themselves. And the toll roads were definitely faster.

Caleb's team had set a trap for whoever was using her old phone. Shane hoped it worked because if it didn't, then it meant that whoever was after her was either smarter than they were or had a major inside track into how they were covering her. The first was unlikely but possible. The second option infuriated him and was harder to defend against because the target would always be one step ahead.

Once they parked, she smiled at him. "Thank you for doing this. You know you didn't have to drive. We could have just taken the train up."

He’d considered it, but didn't want to be stuck on a train with very few exits. Not at all defensible. And he preferred to be in control of the vehicle. "It's no problem. I like to drive. And I thought it might be nice to have some time to ourselves."

“You’re pulling out all the stops now.” She laughed.

"You could say that. I pulled some strings to make this weekend really fun."

Her answering grin was enough to warm him from the inside out. He wanted nothing more than to see her smile like that all the time. She pushed her sunglasses up the bridge of her nose and said, "I was checking out the list of bands today. Who do you want to see first? Most of the ones I'm interested in are going to be on the main stage, but everyone will want to see them, so I assume it'll be packed."

"It will, but have some faith, I planned ahead."

"What? On the off chance that I'd say yes?"

Yeah. And if she hadn't, Alec had arranged for Micha to give her and her friends the tickets and hotel. But luckily she'd forgiven him. When this was all over, he was going to have a hell of a time unraveling all the lies he'd told her. The good news was at least the way he felt about her was the truth. And now he wasn't pretending that he could ignore her. "Kind of."

She cocked her head. "And if I'd said no?"

"Then it would have been an awkwardly romantic weekend with War."

Her laugh rang clear. "You're letting me meet this mysterious friend of yours? With a name like War, I'm picturing scary face tattoos."

War would get a kick out of that. "Quite the opposite. His other nickname is pretty boy. And you've already met him sort of."

Her brow puckered. "When? Is he in our lecture? Admittedly, when you're around, I'm sort of not focused on much else."

His dick twitched. Down, boy. You promised to behave this weekend. At least he hoped he could keep his dick in check.

He paid the parking attendant and took her hand, gritting his teeth in anticipation of the jolt of electricity when they touched. He had to silently remind himself that they were taking it slow. "He was at the club that first night."

She looked down at their intertwined hands and smiled. "Oh, okay. Syd's gonna lose her mind when I tell her I met him." She stopped momentarily. "At the risk of ruining this, I sort of need to ask a question, otherwise, I'm going to be nervous the whole day."

He squeezed her hand. "Go ahead, ask me anything."

She licked her lips, and he did his best to not think about how she tasted, he really did. He forbade his brain to think about her strawberry lip gloss, but no matter what he did, there was the memory smack dab in the middle of his frontal lobe. "I swear, I'm not freaked out or anything, but I just want to know, you know, uhm, where are we sleeping tonight?"

He blinked. Sleeping? He laughed. "We're at a hotel."

She visibly relaxed. "Oh, thank God, because the whole camping out in a tent thing was freaking me out some."

"Is that what was bugging you? Or the being alone with me thing?" The moment the words were out of his mouth, he regretted them. He did not need to remind her that he'd been a total asshole.

"I'm not nervous about being with you." Her voice was soft, husky, and he tried to think about innocuous things. It didn't work.

"You promised me no douche wafflery, right?"

He swallowed hard. "You’re safe with me."

She squeezed his hand. "I know that."

And he wanted it to be true. "Come on, I see War."

He tugged her through the throngs of people headed into the venue and smiled as he saw his backup. "What's up, man?"

War nodded at them, then encapsulated Shane in a one-armed chest hug. Then, his idiot friend turned the full effect of his megawatt grin on Tris. She faltered, staring blankly at him for a second, but to her credit, she recovered quickly.

Shane knew it was a mistake not bringing one of the other guys. War was too damn good looking. He didn't hug her, thank God, but that's because he'd read her file and knew she had a problem with touching. Instead he shook her hand then bent over to kiss it. Shane glowered at him.

Tris smiled but lifted a brow. "Shane, don't you have any ugly friends?"

War laughed. "I make him look good."

"He really doesn't need your help," she muttered.

War winked at Shane and brought forth the buxom blonde behind him. "Shane, Tris, this is Ali."

Shane could only imagine where War had picked this one up from, but he knew better than to ask questions. War's prowess with women was legendary. They pretty much couldn't help themselves around him. Shane and Tris shook her hand. He wasn't too thrilled about the appraising way she checked him out but whatever.

In the periphery of his vision, he noticed a black SUV drive slowly by. He couldn't be sure, but he was almost certain he'd seen it before at some point. Maybe on the road? He slid a glance at War who was just as alert as he was.

If shit went down, War was packing more heat than he was. He only had on his ankle holster and a knife. Judging by the fall of his friend's leather jacket, he also had on his back holster. And given his affinity with knives, he probably had several strapped to his person. War was like the devil himself with a knife. Skilled, deadly, and twice as evil.

Inclining his head toward the SUV, he tapped his temple twice. War nodded, then excused himself, having fully understood the signal. While his friend jogged off in the direction to get a better vantage point and hopefully a picture of the plates, Ali complained that he had such a small bladder.

While in line for their wristbands, the three of them chatted amiably. Turned out that Ali wasn't entirely a bimbo. But somehow he doubted War knew that.

Shane was able to keep Tris and Ali entertained until his partner came back. War gave him a slight nod, and he knew he'd gotten the plates. It was probably nothing, but better to be safe.

Tris stayed close to his side, and he wished there was an easier way to do crowd control. Once they had their wristbands and food, it was easier though. He led the way through the crowds to the VIP section, and they displayed their wristbands. They were given lanyards to go with them.

Ali looked like she'd hit the jackpot. Tris just looked confused.

"We're not staying at the main stage?"

He put her lanyard over her head and lifted her hair out of the way. When he pulled back, he didn't even think before he leaned down and gave her a quick peck on the lips. "Better. We're in the VIP area with backstage access."

Her eyes bulged. "You're shitting me. How did you get these tickets?"

"Would you believe a friend of mine?"

She narrowed her eyes. "Not really."

He smiled. "I used to work in radio promotion. I called in a favor." That was sort of a half-truth. He had worked at a radio station back in Vegas when he was sixteen. And he had called in a favor. Alec Westhorpe, Caleb's best friend and owner of the Westhorpe hotels. The two items just weren’t related in any way. Just one more little lie for the pile.

"This is great. But way too much."

He brushed a thumb over her lips. "Are you having fun?"

"Well, yes, but—"

"No but. I just want you to have a good time. Can you do that?"

She relaxed into him. "Yeah, I think I can manage that."

The first band was One Republic. As they stood in the backstage area, he stood behind Tris, his arms wound around her, and he could almost forget she wasn't his. That this wasn't any regular concert. That she wasn't in danger. That he wasn't lying to her. He could pretend.

Half the couples around him started to make out at some point during the set. It didn't help when War and Ali did too. With his arms around Tris’s waist and her moving to the music, her ass moving against him, the temptation was too great. Leaning down, he placed a kiss on the hollow between her ear and her shoulder.

She froze for a second, and then angled her head away, giving him better access. Heat flooded his veins, and he wished they weren’t in a very public venue surrounded by thousands of people. But soon enough, they would be alone, and he still couldn't have her.

He couldn't pull her body into his, driving into her, seeking the sweet oblivion of bliss. After what she'd been through, she didn't need that kind of shit. She needed someone who was patient and caring. And he was determined to be that person. For however long he would be allowed.

One of the PR people for the concert came up to them. "Do you guys want me to take a picture?"

Without thinking, he handed over his phone. "Yeah, sure."

Tris turned back to him, her brows raised. "You sure about that?"

He nodded. "Yeah. Just no social media, and it should be fine. You're not going to Instagram me, are you?"

She shook her head. "I have hidden profiles anyway. Only people I know directly. All my photos are private, and I never turn on my location software. But I'm still careful. I wouldn't post this. It would be just for me."

He kissed her nose. "And me."

From the corner of his eyes, War had stopped shoving his tongue down Ali's throat long enough to notice. His friend smirked at him, and Shane discreetly flipped him the bird. Warrick only grinned in response.

With Tris in his arms and his friend beside him, he felt relaxed. For once, he was part of the world of the living. And he liked it enough to want to stay.





TRIS PLANNED to hold on to this feeling of euphoria for as long as she could. She’d been to several concerts before. Backstage access wasn’t even that new of an experience. But this was the first time she’d done something like this with friends. Even Xia and Sydney didn't want to hang with bodyguards all day. So this concert-going experience was a first.

The four of them sang to Fall Out Boy’s latest and watched as Rita Ora prepped her mics to go on stage. She was wearing a risqué body-baring outfit that left not much to the imagination. But when she glanced behind her at Shane, his entire focus was on her. She flushed. “What are you looking at?”

“You.”

A grin broke out before she could control it. “Okay…why?”

He shrugged. “Because I want you to have fun.”

“I am having fun.”

“Good. I also like holding you.”

“I’m sure I’m not the first girl you’ve held.”

He shook his head, his gaze never leaving hers. “You’re just the first girl who makes me not want to let go.” He leaned down and kissed her forehead.

Warmth bloomed in her chest, spreading outward. It didn't matter how many times she told herself this was no big deal. That it was just a concert. That it didn't mean anything. She couldn’t bring herself to pull back. He was what she wanted.

There was no way this thing would run smoothly. Hell, they’d probably crash and burn brutally with her heart shattered into a million pieces. But he made her feel alive, so it was totally worth it. Because that was what freedom was all about.





CHAPTER 10




Later that night, Tris slowly turned around in their hotel suite. This was not what she’d been expecting at all. She’d been thinking more Motel 6 than Westhorpe.

Oh, and he'd refused to let her pay. That probably annoyed her the most out of everything. She could pay her own way. Never mind that her father put money into her account like it was a piggy bank. She had a job now. She wanted to stand on her own. Not be taken care of. And this sort of felt like he was going out of his way to take care of her.

His voice was low. "You don’t look happy, Tris."

"You should have let me pay for the room."

"No dice. You can’t be mad about that."

"It's too much, this whole weekend is too much. I mean it's great. And the concert, oh, my God, I can't even begin to describe how awesome that was, watching Kendrick Lamar and Imagine Dragons and Fallout Boy from backstage, then meeting them. I'll never forget it. But I feel weird not paying for my way. I don’t like feeling like I can't take care of myself."

He stepped into her space. "I swear, that's not what I'm doing. I already had the room. I would have used it by myself if you hadn’t come with. It was part of the promo with the tickets.

And to be honest, I'm trying to make up for being an ass. I want to do nice things for you. I want to make this special. In San Diego, I can’t exactly take you to a concert then bring you back to a nice room. So I'm taking full advantage of it here.”

She sighed. "I'm sorry. It's just a button of mine. My dad has a way of making me feel helpless even as he's trying to keep me safe. My baggage. Not you. You've been nothing but sweet."

"Why don’t you get ready for bed? Then we can order some room service for dessert. Maybe catch a movie or something."

"Sure." Shit, was that code for 'go slip into something more comfortable’? Damn, where were her sex decipherers when she needed them? She grabbed her overnight bag and headed into the bathroom. After she turned on the shower, she shoved her hair under a shower cap. While she waited for the water to warm up, she texted Xia and Sydney.

So, how do I seduce a man?

Xia: We probably should have covered this before you left.

Sydney: Has he invited you back to his tent?

Tristia snorted a laugh. No tent, hotel, but two beds, what does that mean?

Xia: It means he's giving you an out. What size are the beds?

Tris replied. Queen.

Sydney: He wants you to be comfortable so if you want to sleep on your own you can, but if you want to snuggle, then there's room for two."

And this was why she didn't date. She tapped quickly. What do I do now?

Sydney: Get dressed, stroll out in all your hottified glory, and smile. He'll do the rest.

They made it sound so easy. Thanks for nothing.

Xia: Lol. Okay, look, get dressed. Take a deep breath and talk to him, be honest. That will work better than anything else.

Honesty, she could do that. She apparently couldn't stop talking around him so that should be easy enough. She took a quick shower and brushed her teeth. Looking at her options, she picked the least worrying of the sleep sets. One of them was silky and so clearly spelled out "come get some, big boy." She would need to work up to that level. The other one was lace and sheer. The cotton one worked best even though the bottoms were snug boy shorts and her ass was on display.

When she came out, he'd unpacked a few of his things and the television was on. His gaze flickered to her, and his posture went rigid. She pretended not to notice as he licked his lips. "Shower's all yours."

He blinked at her a couple of times. "Uh, yeah, cool." He grabbed his stuff and scooted around her, his gaze never leaving her body.

Well, at least he liked to look at her. She tried to make herself comfortable while he showered. She replaced her cotton pillowcase with the satin one she'd brought along. Her hair might be straightened today, but it would do all kinds of insane things in the night if she didn't do something to try to control it. And she certainly wasn't going to wear a scarf to sleep with him. Not the first time. That was definitely a frequent sleepover guest kind of thing. She considered positioning herself on the bed strategically, but hell, she didn't even know what that was, so she ended up on her feet.

He came out in pajama bottoms and no shirt, his hair still damp from the shower. Tris stared. Yeah, he looked as insane as she remembered. She hadn't imagined that. The feather-light dusting of hair on his chest, his smooth, chiseled, rock hard abs. That tantalizing line of dark hair just under his belly button pointed down like a naughty arrow. She moistened her lips.

"I, uh, forgot my shirt."

He planned to cover up that spectacular chest? That should be a crime. He should do nothing but walk around naked. Yep, maybe she'd start a write-in campaign. "Uh, I didn't know what bed you wanted."

His gaze flickered to the beds, and then back to her. "You can choose."

His voice pitched low and did ridiculous things to her insides. She was pretty sure she'd need her knees to start working properly at some time and a normal heartbeat would probably be in her best interest.

The words spilled off her tongue before she could stop them. "Okay, I'm sorry, I'm really nervous. And there are two beds, and I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do because I've never done this before, and you are so hot, and after what happened last time, I don't even know how to approach this, and you were kissing me at the concert, but now I have no idea what to do, so I'm a jumbled mess of hormones and uncertainty, and I'm totally screwing this up by talking so much."

He tossed his overnight bag in the corner before stepping toward her. "I'm nervous, too. And let's get a few things clear here. You have no reason to be uncertain, you're perfect. I've been dreaming of the way you feel for weeks."

He had? She squared her shoulders. Of course he had. Confidence. Like Syd said, all she had to do was be confident. Fake it till you make it. "Have you?"

His brow quirked and he inched forward. "I have. That little sound you make at the back of your throat when you want me to do something—it's hot. I can't get it out of my head. I'd kill to hear it again."

She made a sound? She needed to figure out what the hell it was so she could do it at will and make him nuts whenever she wanted. He tugged her hand and pulled her forward.

When he dipped his head, Tris held her breath in anticipation. She knew what to expect, the pull of electricity, the molten heat flowing through her veins. But when his lips melded over hers, they were gentle. Smooth, unhurried. He took his time.

Tris relaxed into the kiss, her hands resting on his biceps, then sliding up to loop around his neck. She took the four-inch step she needed in order to bring herself flush against him, and he moaned. His tongue traced against the seam of her lips, and she opened to give him access. With a smooth slide of his tongue, he owned her, her body happily giving into the pull of him.

Shane walked her backward until she hit the bed. Gently, he picked her up and settled her on it, sliding her up until her head rested on her satin pillowcase. His heat scorched her as he moved against her, her hips rocked into his, and he groaned and met her movements with his own.

He dragged his lips from hers and nuzzled deep into the hollow of her throat. "You smell incredible."

Tris could barely think as he grazed his teeth over her flesh, let alone talk. "I—thank you."

He placed an open-mouthed kiss just under her ear. "And you should probably know, I've been having some very dirty dreams about you and your strawberry lip-gloss."

Her own brain offered several scenarios of what could happen with her strawberry lip-gloss, and her hips gave an involuntarily roll upward. Shane slid a hand under her cami, and she shivered in his arms. "Shane..."

"Hmmm?" He kissed her on her collarbone and sucked on the delicate flesh there. "I've missed you, Tris." But his hand didn't slide up. Instead, he traced slow circles over her belly button, making her insane with need. His hands skimmed up a scant inch, and she bowed her back. But he shifted his hands back to her waist, and she growled at him.

Shane crawled back up her body and kissed her deep, sucking on her tongue, before licking into her mouth. Gently, he drew back and dropped his forehead to hers.

"Do you have any idea how badly I want you? You don’t have to try. You could be covered in a head-to-toe burlap sack, and I'd still want you. Sometimes, I lose focus because I'll remember how soft your skin is or the way your nipples pebble when I lick them." He rolled them to their side and wedged a leg between hers. "But I promised you we'd take it slow."

Screw slow. At this rate, she'd spontaneously combust. "Shane, you're driving me crazy."

"Trust me, you're driving me just as crazy, without even trying. But I'm going to do this right."

Sexual frustration making her ornery, she blurted, "This is right. It feels right."

He shook he head, then kissed her lightly again. "What it feels like, is I'm going to pop out of my skin. But you waited for a reason. I want to respect that, and I don’t want to be in a hurry when we do."

Tris shifted her angle to gaze up at him. "When, not if?"

With a groan, Shane squeezed her tight, and the thick bulge of his erection pressed into her thigh. Something hot and dark bloomed in her core.

"I think you can feel the inevitability of the when."

Tris frowned. "But that seems somehow unfair to you."

He tucked a finger under her chin and lifted it so their gazes met. "Stop worrying about me. I can wait. Zero pressure. You could put me in the friend zone if you wanted. And while I wouldn’t be thrilled about it, I'd respect it and count my lucky stars that I get to be near you."

She blinked up at him. "Who are you?"

He offered his hand. "Shane Atkinson. Nice to meet you."

She laughed. "Seriously though."

He shrugged, a shadow crossing over his face. Though it was gone just as quickly. "What do you want to know?"

"Anything. Everything."

"You're going to have to narrow down the field a bit."

"Okay." She hated to be cliché, but she was dying to know. "What was your last girlfriend like?"

Shane cleared his throat. "I never really had girlfriends. But I guess the last one that would qualify would be a year ago. Nice enough girl, but I think she dated me because I was convenient. She was on an assign—er, study abroad program, and then she left. Nothing dramatic or anything."

"Did you love her?"

A slight frown drew his dark brows down. "I don't think I've ever let myself love anyone. I've gotten real good at keeping myself detached."

"Even now?"

He met her gaze and held it. "I think we both know this is something different. But just for the record, I've never felt this out of control before. Scares the shit out of me."

"Somehow I don't picture you as ever being scared of anything."

"For me, growing up was wrought with it. If I didn't do something right, I'd get the belt, but it was more than that. The physical stuff I could deal with. It was the way he systematically took away anything I dared to care about. If I wanted something badly, he made sure I never had it. If I dared wish for something, he would destroy it. If I got something I wanted and took care of it, he'd deliberately break it. He thought he was making me a harder, tougher soldier. But he was punishing me for my mother’s mistakes. Mostly, I learned not to want or care about anything. The idea of loving someone terrifies me."

Tris fought to blink away tears as her heart broke for little Shane. "I can't even imagine what it was like for you."

"We all have shit to deal with. Some more fucked-up than others."

He had a point there. "You and War seem tight though."

"Yeah, he's a good dude. Grew up right next door to me. He was the one friend Dad couldn't chase off. War doesn't take no for an answer."

"I guess he's your version of Syd and Xia."

"They're way prettier."

Tris laughed. "I don't know, might be a toss-up. That keyboardist looked like she might kill Ali to get a shot with him."

"As long as I can remember, women have always acted like that around him."

She pulled back to study him. "Oh, and not you?"

"No. And if they did, I didn't notice. Didn't dare let myself want any of them. But that's all changed now."

Tris settled into his warmth. "I guess it has."

He tucked her even closer and kissed her on top of her head. They fell asleep just like that, his heat surrounding her and her hand on his heart.





CHAPTER 11




Sleep, who needed sleep? If it meant Shane could hold Tris all night for the rest of his life, he could do without it. Because with her tight body curled around him all night, rest was certainly out of the question. So were all the things his dick and his depraved mind could think of.

Sometime in the night, she'd turned over, and he'd managed to catch a couple of hours. Then, the wiggling had started. The first brush of her ass against his cock had him opening his eyes. He'd looped an arm over her loosely, but she'd driven right back into the heat source. And his cock was more than happy to wake up to the call of duty.

She mumbled something in her sleep and circled her hips again, and Shane bit back a curse. With a simple shift of her hips, the hand that had rested low on her belly, now rested scant inches from her sex. The heat radiated to the tips of his fingers, and he twitched. He wanted to touch her. Wanted to wipe those shadows away from her face. Wanted to make the only memory of sex one that he put there. How fucked up was he?

In his mind's eye, he'd already stripped her naked a thousand times. And already slipped his hands down past her belly button into the juncture of her thighs that promised ecstasy. Slipped his fingers into her sex and ran his finger over her clit. Over and over again he'd made her come in that slow and easy, lazy Sunday morning kind of way. The kind of love-making that happened with couples who'd been together for a long time. Hot, but so easy and relaxed. Where a simple touch would open her thighs, and he'd slip inside her from behind.

And with his hand on her breast, teasing her nipples, she'd come around him, milking his own release from him. He'd envisioned every variation for weeks. There was something calming about her. Not just the way she watched everything. But also the way she laughed and found a way to laugh every day. Even over the last week and a half, he'd still caught her laughing with her friends. She hadn't been happy with him, but she hadn't let that affect her outlook. He had to respect that.

Tris moaned and shifted her hips again. With his dick resting against the seam of her ass, he gritted his teeth. As quietly as he could, he slid his hand free and shuffled out of bed. He needed a shower—a cold one. They had the rest of the concert today. War would be checking the feeds from the security cameras. If he knew his friend, poor Ali would already be kicked to the curb.

Once he was showered and dressed, it didn't take the two of them long to get ready. It was easy, too easy, to pretend she was his.

Today, they had the same backstage access as the day before, but today's was more intimate. With performers like Lorde and Ed Sheeran, the venue was smaller. But Tris was just as happy. Singing and dancing along.

War kept him abreast of the search. They'd located the SUV coming in to the venue behind them. Caleb had run the plates, and unfortunately, it was a rental. The record at the rental company was a name with a foreign license. Caleb was currently running the name against system databases. He didn't have much hope that they'd come up with anything.

Shane hadn't meant to be distracted, but he'd had to ask Tris more than once to repeat herself or what she'd said. Between performers, they went out to grab food at one of the food trucks.

"So, do you want to tell me what's wrong? You've been distracted all day. Is it because War and Ali aren't with us?"

Damn. He leaned forward and kissed her briefly. "Sorry, just some work stuff is in my head."

"Wanna talk about it? Maybe I can help."

He certainly wasn't telling her the real reason for his worry. And he wasn't in the mood to lie to her. Whether it was for her good or not. He couldn't do it today. "I have a better idea. Why don’t you tell me something I don’t know about you."

She chewed on a fry as if she was filtering out what information to give him. "I can tie a cherry stem with my tongue."

Shit. That could prove to be a very useful skill. "You don't say. I'll need to see that at some point."

"Deal."

"Why don't you tell me about your dad? You had me spilling the beans last night. It's your turn."

She paused mid-sip of her milkshake. "Well, I already told you about my stalker."

"We don't have to talk about that, if you don’t want to."

"No, it's okay. Honestly, I'm tired of never talking about it. Dad refuses, and Xia and Sydney, well, it freaks them out, so I keep it to myself."

"That's a lot to carry around on your tiny shoulders."

Her lips quirked. "Yeah, well."

"Did you know him?"

She nodded. "Yeah, he was a boy at school. Matt Becker. We'd gone to homecoming together. Nice guy, I guess. Seemed that way at first anyway. Maybe he thought we'd start dating, but I wasn't really into him. He was just someone to go with, but we were friends too."

He forcibly swallowed the bile that rose. It was bad enough reading the details. It was far worse to have her tell him.

"A first, it was little stuff, like I would swear I saw him in my neighborhood. And not in a good way like when thinking about something all of a sudden you see it everywhere."

"Like when you get a new car. You start seeing it everywhere."

"Exactly." She brushed her hair out of her face. "Kind of like how over the last couple of weeks, I could swear I saw you everywhere I went. I knew I was nuts, because I wanted to see you, so my brain conjured you."

He clamped his jaw shut. That had been deliberate. Since she was going out of her way to avoid him, he'd had to be a little more brazen with his tailing.

"Anyway, then he started to get pissed off if some guy talked to me. Dad eventually put a restraining order on him. And we thought that was the end of it. He was kicked out of school, and I felt terrible, but at least he wasn’t scaring me. But then one night I was coming home from a dance, and someone grabbed me. Black bag, the whole thing, knocked me out." She shivered.

Shane shook his head and put a hand on her knee. "It's okay, you don’t have to—"

"I've never told anyone the whole story before. Besides the police. I figure everyone will run."

"I swear, I'm not going anywhere."

She peered at him with narrowed eyes. "When I came to, I still couldn't see anything. He had me blindfolded."

"Tris." But she couldn't seem to hear him.

"He was moving against me. My jeans were down, b-but he was soft. I could feel him. He couldn't get it up. As a result, he beat me."

Shane balled his hands into fists. Forcing himself to drag in calming breaths, he counted backward from ten. "Tris, do you know how brave you are?"

She tipped her head up. "I don’t feel brave. Though I feel braver now than I have before. After everything happened, Dad went ballistic. He tried to have me homeschooled and everything. I knew I'd die that way. We finally reached a compromise. He found a private school in Maine, and you should have seen how much money he threw at the school to accommodate everything."

"He loves you. He wanted to keep you safe."

She rolled her eyes. "Problem was, I didn’t experience anything. I maybe went on three dates all of high school. And you saw what happens when I try and slip the security."

Oh yeah, he remembered all right. "Yeah, those guys are a fun group of guys."

"Over-protective baboons."

"Well, now that I know why, it make sense."

"When Dad let me come to college here, I felt like I'd finally found freedom. That I could live my life like a normal person. Date, make mistakes, go to school without a two-hundred-fifty-pound albatross dangling around my neck."

The guilt pricked at him. All she wanted to do was live a little, and here he was working for her father. She'd hate him when she found out. But the alternative of her getting hurt would be far worse. "A full dose of freedom coming right up."

"You've already done enough. This weekend has been amazing."

"I'm glad. We'll think of other ways for you to stretch your new-found wings a little too." And he'd be right there to protect her.





CHAPTER 12




Tris would never forget today. This whole weekend, actually. It was just the kind of thing she'd always wanted to do. One more thing to cross off the list her mother had given her. A music festival.

Her whole life before Matt Becker kidnapped her, she'd had little girl dreams of meeting some prince charming type. And her whole life after Matt, she'd just hoped to be able to tolerate someone's touches long enough to actually ever have a relationship. Her standards for happiness had dropped significantly from that innocent naive girl. But Shane far exceeded both sets of expectations. She never could have even dreamed up someone like him.

After grabbing dinner at a cozy restaurant near the hotel, they walked hand in hand. She was so aware of everything around her. The balmy breeze of the October, Los Angeles night, the scent of baked goods filtering from a nearby bakery. But most significantly, she was hyper aware of Shane. The way his hand engulfed hers, making her feel delicate but not weak. And somehow protected.

She could feel the calluseson his hands rubbing against her palm. What would they feel like on her flesh? The mental image made her pulse quicken even as his heat poured into her from their point of contact.

As he talked about all the places he wanted to travel, she smiled up and listened to him. He was so unguarded and free for once. It was the most she’d ever sen him smile. He loved traveling. Loved seeing new cultures. He was so easy to be around. Not that he usually wasn't, but usually, he was harder to read. Harder to figure out because he was so serious all the time.

He didn't give off that carefree flirtatious vibe Warrick did. He was far more intense. That intensity should probably scare her, but she'd never been afraid around him. From that first night, she'd always had a feeling she could trust him.

And she wanted to trust him with everything. But so far, he hadn't made a single move. She probably shouldn't have ever told him about what happened to her, because now he'd treat her with kid gloves. Or you could seduce him like Syd suggested. She wanted him, and she was pretty sure he wanted her too, but he still hadn't made any kind of move past light kisses and teasing caresses. She wanted more. She was ready for more.

When they returned to the hotel, he let her have the bathroom first just like their first night. When she was in there, she washed away the grime of the day in the world's fastest shower and shave before jumping out to brush her teeth.

Decision time. In her overnight bag, she had the option of her cotton cami that Xia had picked out. It was cute. Pink with red hearts all over it. But in the bag was also the set that Sydney had packed for her. It was also a cute boy short and cami set, but it was made of black lace...and completely see-through.

Her mother's words rang in her head. Be brave. Be bold. If she did and Shane rejected her, she'd live. It wasn't the end of the world. At least she would have tried. If she didn't try, then she'd have lost the opportunity. But more importantly, she would be making her decision from a place of fear and uncertainty. And that wasn't being brave or bold. With a deep breath, she stepped into the lace bottoms and slipped on the top.

Holy shit. This thing was worse on. Her nipples were barely covered, and the stupid cami exposed a two-inch strip of skin above the low rise shorts. Not to mention the lace flowers did nothing to cover her lady parts. Good thing she'd listened to Sydney and gotten a bikini wax. She hadn't been daring enough to yank all of her hair out, but at least it looked like she'd made some kind of effort. She swallowed hard as she stared at her reflection. Be brave. Be bold.

She opened the door to the bathroom.

So much for her pep talk; he wasn't in the room.

She stood awkwardly for a breath or two before she called out to him. "Shane?"

His voice came from the balcony. "I'm out here."

Relief washed through her. And it was quickly chased by fear and anticipation. Brave and bold. You can do this. You care about him. This is the guy. Don’t lose your chance.

When she stepped out, he was watching the waves crash on the beach. She also noticed that he'd turned on the heat lamp so it was perfectly warm considering her attire. From his damp hair curling at his nape, she knew he'd also grabbed a shower in the second bathroom, but he'd donned his jeans instead of his pajama bottoms.

"What are you doing out here?"

He didn't turn to look at her. "I thought the fresh air would help."

She frowned. "Help with what?"

"Help me keep my hands off you." His voice was quiet.

Oh. She shifted on her bare feet. Lace was so the wrong choice to go with. "It's okay, we'll just sleep in our own beds tonight."

How had she gotten the signals so wrong? This was why she should have been allowed to date, so she could get practice before dealing with a guy like Shane.

He whipped around and groaned. "Jesus."

She licked her lips nervously. "I'm sorry, I got this wrong. I’ll just go—"

But he didn't let her finish. He strode over to her and fused his lips to hers insistently. Every other kiss he'd given her all weekend was gentle, coaxing. This one carried an edge of unrestrained passion. Just like the first time they'd kissed. As if their lips together sparked an inferno that licked at her skin.

Shane's tongue slid over hers, coaxing hers into a response, and her blood heated. She couldn't think. Couldn't move. Couldn't breathe. All she wanted to do was melt in his arms. To let him take her to bliss.

He growled low in his throat, and she could feel the vibrations against her chest. His hands gripped her waist tighter, but they didn't slide up or down. And she needed them to move, needed his touch. With a gasp, she dragged her lips from his. "Shane."

He brushed kisses along her jaw line. "Do you have any idea how bad I want you right now?"

Then why wasn't he doing anything about it. "Touch me."

Even as he kissed her, he shook his head. "If I touch you the way I want to, I'm going to lose control and forget that we're taking it slow."

She tipped her head up and leveled a gaze at him. "I-I think we can go a little faster." Swallowing hard, she lifted his hand off her waist and slid it up until he palmed her breast.

Heat pooled in her core as he touched her, testing the weight of her breast. A string of curses tumbled off his tongue as he circled his thumb over her nipple. The pull of need low in her belly had her holding onto him tight.

He pulled back and gave her her favorite smile, quirking the right side of his lips just so. She moved against him in an involuntary effort to get closer. She wanted more of this wild, out of control feeling.

Shane met her gaze directly as he palmed her breast and gently squeezed. Tris sucked in several sharp gasps when he gently pinched her nipple with his thumb and forefinger. "Shane. Oh, my God."

When he kissed her again, he was slow and gentle, as if he was in no hurry at all. His kisses had her drunk on sensation. He had her snared, and he knew it.

His fingers toyed with the straps on her camisole, lifting then working the straps back and forth, before finally tugging them down, and exposing her breasts. Shane dragged his lips from hers, and his gaze dipped to her breasts then back to her eyes. "You are so beautiful. Your skin is just about the softest thing I've ever felt in my life."

She didn't have any words for him so all she could offer were her lips again. She wiggled her hips, trying to fit herself against his straining erection, and he lifted her easily, carrying her into the bedroom.

He laid her down, then followed, tugging at the hem of her cami, pulling it up over her head until she was bare. She should have felt exposed, vulnerable. But she didn't. All she wanted to feel was his chest against hers as he kissed her.

He broke the kiss, placing open-mouthed kisses along her neck, then her collarbone until he reached her breasts.

Tris held her breath, hoping, praying he would just—Oh, hell yes. The moment his mouth wrapped around her nipple, she arched her back and clutched him to her, the pull in her belly making her cry out—making her desperate for more.

Shane suckled her deep, only pausing to lick and tease the tip. All the while, he plucked at her other nipple. He paid equal attention to each, lapping at her, tasting, pinching, and grazing with his teeth.

Against her thigh, his thick erection pulsed and twitched as he rocked his hips into her. Her whole body felt like it was on fire. Like at any moment he could light her up just from what his mouth was doing to her breasts.

But it wasn't until he slid a hand slowly down her torso that she started to shake. She knew where he was going, and the steady build of anticipation was killing her. At the same time, she was nervous, scared.

His fingers stopped just at the elastic of her boy shorts, and he dragged his head off her breast to meet her gaze. As he brushed his fingertips back and forth, he asked, "This okay?"

Unable to speak, all she could do was nod and arch her back some more to encourage him to keep sucking on her flesh.

He nipped at her nipple playfully but kept his gaze on hers as his fingers slid past the elastic. She didn't even realize she was holding her breath until dizziness hit.

"Relax, Tris. I'm not going to hurt you. I would never hurt you."

"I-I know."

His eyes drifted shut momentarily as he parted her folds and slid just the tip of his finger into her slick sex.

He bit out a harsh "Fuck," as she whispered, "Oh, my God."

When his lashes fluttered up again, his pupils were dilated, and his lips parted as he watched her intently. "Too much?"

Again Tris shook her head. "No. More."

His half smile was back, and his gaze was distant, like he was putting all his energy and focus into touching her. He retracted his finger slowly before sliding back inside. Desperate for more, Tris raised her hips, working herself on his finger.

And so went the tease. Eventually, he broke the eye contact and went back to sucking on her nipples, the action making her move her hips faster, but he kept his motions slow and deliberate.

When he pulled back again, it was so he could add two fingers. Again, he watched her as he slid and retreated. Tested and teased. With his thumb, he began slow circles over her clit, and Tris was lost. Tingling started in the base of her spine, and she gritted her teeth as she chased the sensation, wanting to capture it.

But Shane refused to rush. Instead, he slowly pulled his fingers from her and slid even further down her body. Hooking his thumbs into the waistband of the shorts, he asked, "Can we lose these? I really want to see you."

Hell yes. He could burn them for all she cared. "Y-yes.. Fine. Good idea."

He slid the panties down her legs slowly before positioning himself between her thighs. When Shane lowered his head and blew on her sex, Tris’s hips rocketed off the bed. When he kissed the inside of her thigh, she mewled.

"I need to lick you, Tris. Will you let me?"

"Shane, please. Yes. I just need to—"

He didn't let her finish before he licked the length of her slit, from her cleft to her clit.

With the first stroke of his tongue, her body shook. With the second, his name tumbled off of her lips as she raised her hips. On the third, she was sinking her hands into his thick, inky hair.

Shane lapped at her with long, flat licks, taking her to the edge of something outstanding, then pulling her back. She begged and pleaded with hushed moans and mewling whispers. But it wasn't until she tugged at his hair that he shifted his focus to her clit, sucking on it like he had her nipples as he slid two fingers deep inside. Curling them slightly, he rubbed over the internal bundle of nerves while he sucked on her.

The edges of Tris's vision blurred as pleasure raced up her spine. The orgasm slammed into her, dragging her in, pulling her under Shane's spell. She'd never experienced anything like this before in her life. And something told her she'd never experience anything like it again. Through the fog of release, she would have sworn she heard him whisper, "Mine."





CONNECTION. Surrender. Shane got it now. What Dr. Michaels had been talking about. With Tris cuddled up against him, he completely understood. This was what he’d been missing out on his whole life.

Sure, he had it in a fashion with War. And he was working on it with Caleb, but this…He’d never had anything like this in his life. He’d never been allowed to feel this close to anyone. Maybe his mother when he was small, but if they’d shared a connection like this, there was no way she’d have been able to leave him behind with that monster.

A few of those useless thoughts Dr. Michaels had talked about tried to slither past his defenses, but tonight, they weren’t getting in. Memories of his father. Memories of that house didn't belong here with Tris.

You’re lying to her. It didn't matter how tight he held on, his defenses couldn’t ignore truth. He was lying to her. And when she found out, she was going to feel betrayed.

His only recourse was to find out who was trying to scare her. Once they had him, he could tell her the truth. For now, he had to figure out the delicate balance. He knew having his cake and eating it too wasn’t going to work. The constant lying was already eating at him.

The real test would be returning to campus. Because not only would he be lying to Tris, now he’d also be lying to Caleb.

To be continued…



* * *



If you enjoyed this book and would like

to be notified when I release a new book,

please sign up for my newsletter:

http://eepurl.com/2PeXb



* * *



If you are passionate about my books and would

like to be a member of my Sassy Street Team,

then please join us here:

http://on.fb.me/1iNwMzB





THANK YOU




Thank you for reading SEDUCTIVE IN STILETTOS 3! I hope you enjoyed this installment from the In Stilettos Series.

Would you like to know when my next book is available? You can sign up for my new release newsletter here, visit me at www.nanamalone.com, follow me on twitter at @NanaMalone, or like my Facebook page at www.facebook.com/nanamalonewriter. And if you want to chat with other peeps who love my books and spread the word, you can join my Sassy Street Team here!

Reviews help other readers find books. I appreciate all reviews. Please leave a review on your retailer’s site or on Goodreads to help other readers discover the Protectors Series.





Don’t miss the first books in the In Stilettos Series in reading order



* * *



SEXY IN STILETTOS

(JAYA & ALEC)



* * *



SULTRY IN STILETTOS

(RICCA & BECKETT)



* * *



SASSY IN STILETTOS

(MICHA & CALEB)



* * *



STROLLERS & STILETTOS

(JAYA & ALEC & ALEXA)



* * *



SEDUCTIVE IN STILETTOS 1

(TRISTIA & SHANE)



* * *



SEDUCTIVE IN STILETTOS 2

(TRISTIA & SHANE)





KEEP READING




PART 4

PART 5



* * *



What’s Next? How about a sneak peek of Part 3 in the SEDUCTIVE IN STILETTOS Serial!



* * *



In the silence of the car with only the hum of tires on asphalt, Shane slid a glance toward Tris. He'd woken up with her wound around his body and a throbbing erection. When she'd peeled her eyes open, her smile had been bright and unguarded, but that hadn’t lasted long. She'd shuttered the expression and made an escape for the shower.

At first, he worried he'd screwed up again. Last night had been some otherworld shit. The way she responded to him. He was surprised he'd been able to hold onto his control. He'd never experienced anything like that with anyone before. But now she wasn't speaking, and it freaked him out. He'd do just about anything for a snarky comment right about now.

He'd tried teasing her out of her seemingly melancholic mood, but she hadn't bitten. He was worried that she regretted her decision to come with him. To let someone like him touch her. She'd decided she wanted normal and boring and not all fucked in the head. Fuck. Well it was better to rip the band-aid off than sit here staring at her, willing her to talk.

"Go ahead and say it, you'll feel better."

Tris turned in her seat to slide a look over him. Jesus. A simple look from her, and he was throbbing in his jeans. The ache in his balls made him grind his teeth together.

"What?"

He raised an eyebrow. "The thing you've been dying to say the moment you woke up this morning. You'll feel better after you say it. This way, it'll just eat at you."

Tris sucked in a deep breath and Shane ground his teeth together. This was going to hurt. He could tell. He didn't want to hear it, but he needed to. He was the moron. He'd gone and caught a case for the girl he was supposed to be protecting. Rookie mistake. It was a heightened situation that made him think he was in love. It wasn't real, so he'd risked everything for nothing.

"I-I-don't know what to say. Last night..." Her voice trailed.

"Come on, Tris. Just say it. Last night was fun, but you don’t want to do it again. You've thought about it, and I'm not who you want. You want someone nice and normal and less intense. Or let me guess, now that I've touched you, you're bored?"

Tris blinked at him several times. "Is that what you think?"

Shit. He sounded like a whiney kid who'd gotten his heart stomped on. Get it together, Shane. He dropped his voice. "I—don’t know what to think. You shut down on me earlier, so I've been imagining the worst, and I sort of need you to put me out of my misery."

Her dark eyes softened, and she dragged in a deep breath. "I've been trying to figure out how to say thank you."

He slid her a fleeting glance then passed two cars on his left, sliding in front of the lead car before giving his attention back to her. "Thank you?" That was the last thing he’d expected to hear.

She nodded and fiddled with the braid she'd tucked her hair into. "I've never..." Her voice trailed, and she started again. "I've never done or experienced anything like that before. I felt like I was on fire. My whole body. I just—I didn't know it could be like that. And you didn't..." She blinked rapidly. "And I know you didn't..."

It took him several seconds to process what she was saying. When he spoke, his voice was thick and raw. "No, I didn't. Last night was about you. But make no mistake, I wanted to go down on you, Tris. I love your flavor. I could have kept going all night if you'd let me."

He couldn't be sure, since he had to keep his eyes on the road, but he would swear she flushed.

"I, uh, I wanted to have a turn."

Shit. Just the image of her with those full lips wrapped around his— He swerved to avoid a truck. "Tris, I don't need you to—"

She licked her lips again. His brain buzzed. What was he saying again?

"I know you didn't..."

"Tris. You were perfect. That was perfect. I didn't need you to do any more." Problem was now that she'd said it, it was all he could think about.

She nodded thoughtfully. "I'd like to try it, if you don’t mind. Like if you're okay with it."

If he was—Yes, fucking please. "If I'm okay with it?” He ran a hand through his hair. "Jesus, Tris. I'm okay with it. I’m going to fantasize about that probably for months now."

"Why do you have to fantasize? I've just been working up the courage to ask you if I could. That's why I've been quiet all morning. I-I want to taste you too. I meant what I said about you teaching me. Will you let me?"

His cock pulled tight in his shorts, and he bit out a curse. "Tris..."

She reached over the console and slid her hands over his thigh. Fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck. His hips jerked involuntarily, and she smiled. She wasn't trying to be beguiling or attempting for sexy. But that look on her face—innocence and longing and completely unguarded—made him want to pull over to a rest stop and screw her in the car. Forget making things special for her.

Tris undid his belt easily, and his button came next. All the while, she focused intently on her task. He wanted to watch, but he needed his eyes on the fucking road. He saw the sign for a rest stop in three miles. He could hold on that far, right?

Wrong.





OTHER BOOKS BY NANA MALONE




SEDUCTIVE IN STILETTOS PART 4





Blurb:

Was one taste worth her freedom…

Shane knows he never should have touched Tristia. Held her. But it’s too late for regrets now. He knows what he should do, walk away before she gets hurt. But he can’t stand to see her with anyone else. Will he dare to grasp his chance at happiness or will he give it all up for the mission.



* * *



Available here!





ABOUT NANA MALONE




USA Today Bestselling Author, Nana Malone’s love of all things romance and adventure started with a tattered romantic suspense she borrowed from her cousin on a sultry summer afternoon in Ghana at a precocious thirteen. She’s been in love with kick butt heroines ever since.

With her overactive imagination, and channeling her inner Buffy, it was only a matter a time before she started creating her own characters. Waiting for her chance at a job as a ninja assassin, Nana, meantime works out her drama, passion and sass with fictional characters every bit as sassy and kick butt as she thinks she is.

Nana is the author of four series. The Love Match Series includes sassy contemporary romances: Game, Set, Match and Mismatch. The In Stilettos Series includes ultra-sexy and fun multicultural romantic comedies, Sexy in Stilettos, Sultry in Stilettos and Sassy in Stilettos. The Protectors series includes dark and sexy superhero romances, Betrayed (A Reluctant Protector Prequel), Reluctant Protector, Forsaken Protector, and Wounded Protector (Coming June 2014.) The Chase Brothers Series includes sexy, Interracial New Adult Romances, London Bound (Coming April 2014) and London Calling (Expected release October 2014). She also writes sizzling erotic novellas as Q. Malone, Corporate Affairs, Exposed, and The Flirtation.

The books in her series have been on multiple Amazon Kindle and Barnes & Noble bestseller lists as well as the iTunes Breakout Books list and most notably the USA Today Bestseller list.

Until that ninja job comes through, you’ll find Nana working hard on additional books for her series as well as other fun, sassy romances for characters that won’t leave her alone. And if she’s not working or hiding in the closet reading, she’s acting out scenes for her husband, daughter and puppy in sunny San Diego.

Table of Contents

Title Page

Copyright

Dedication

The In Stilettos Series

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Thank You

Keep Reading

Other Books by Nana Malone

About Nana Malone





