Just One More Time

Rilzy Adams



This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, dialogue and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.



Copyright  2018 by Rilys “Rilzy” Adams

All rights reserved.



No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, scanned or distributed in any printed or electronic form without the express, written permission of the copyright holder.





To everyone brave enough to give love a second chance.





CHAPTER ONE





Orlando Johnson swore in ways that would make his religious grandmother offer him up to God in prayer. He tried to bite back the curses but couldn’t. Every idiot in Manhattan seemed to be out for a casual drive. Now. Was. Not. The. Time. Orlando had been mingling with the fifty persons celebrating his brother, JT’s, gallery opening and engagement when his phone rang. The shrill tone jarred him from the conversation he’d been having with a new associate attorney. He quickly shook the young man’s hand before he moved towards the large, glass door to answer the call. Orlando expected his secretary since there were several documents he left the office without signing. It wasn’t Gertrude Payne’s gruff and efficient voice on the other end of the line, however. Instead, he was confronted with the light, sweet warmth of Katrina Bolton’s voice. It was the type of voice that made him think of fields of wildflowers and gentle streams. Orlando’s breath caught in his throat. The only person in the world he’d have been more shocked to find on the other end of his cell phone was his biological father. Many questions jumped to his throat but they were all drowned out by the emotions hitting him from every side. Orlando didn’t have much time to process hearing the voice of the woman whose heart he had ripped out, broken and shat on before another crisis erupted.

“Jamie Gregory has been hospitalized. I need you to get here as soon as possible.”

She rattled off the address of the hospital as Orlando’s gut tightened with worry. Jamie Gregory. What the hell happened to Jamie? He thought of the five year old who had nicknamed him Juice and hoped the situation wasn’t as dire as Katrina made it seem on the phone. Orlando loosened his thin, navy blue tie and tried to will the traffic to move more quickly. Maybe he needed Grandma Nona’s prayers after all.



Orlando made it to the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center half of an hour after he received the phone call. That was a full twenty-nine minutes later than he’d wanted to. He was making inquiries at reception when he heard his name. He turned around, unprepared to be face-to-face with Katrina. She looked up at him from behind sweeping lashes but did not offer him a smile. She was enough like the twenty-five year old he’d walked out on that she felt familiar but she’d changed in so many ways, it was like looking at a stranger. Her brown eyes, the color of warm cognac, were blank and devoid of any recognition or memories. He guessed they were strangers.

“Ms. Bolton,” he said.

“If you would come with me.”

Without waiting for his response, Katrina turned on her bright, blue heels and stalked towards the elevator. She was wearing light blue jeans that hugged her ass and a white top. Orlando wondered if she was on a date when she first heard about Jamie. The thought roused negative feelings in the pit of his stomach that were as unexpected as they were shameful. He caught up with her in four long strides, grabbed her arm and spun her gently towards him.

“I know I’m not your favorite person,” he said softly. “But could you drop the ice-queen act for a little while?”

She shrugged her arm away, pushed her brown-dyed bob from her face and smiled. It wasn’t a friendly smile and annoyance radiated off her in waves.

“If you think I’ve been pining for you all these years you’re a bigger jackass than I thought. Don’t flatter yourself. I believe in professionalism but I guess you don’t have to be too concerned with that working in your daddy’s law firm and all.”

Traces of her Southern accent shone through her insult and Orlando cringed. Katrina wasn’t just mad – she was really mad. She clenched her jaw, turned from him and stalked towards the elevator. He stared after her wondering where mild-mannered Katrina had learned to throw barbs. He would get his question answered, but it would not be now. They had more important things to deal with.

“What happened to Jamie?” he asked as he joined her in the half packed elevator. She punched in the fourth floor before turning to him. “He’ll be okay... eventually. He’s a little cut up and has a fractured arm but he’ll soon be on the mend. He kept asking for you and considering the circumstances my boss thought it was best you came.”

“Your boss?”

She nodded sharply. “I work for the CPS. I moved to New York three months ago.”

“Child Protective Services?” he echoed. His thoughts immediately went to Jamie’s twenty-two year old mother. Irma had worked tirelessly to regain custody of her son after she completed drug rehabilitation therapy two years ago.

“Jamie is now a ward of the state. His mother overdosed. He broke his arm trying to get down the fire escape to get help when he realized she wasn’t waking up.”

His heart sank. When had she relapsed? How did he miss she needed help? Jamie hadn’t mentioned anything during their last outing. He was as happy, talkative and inquisitive as ever. He tried to replay every minute of their last Saturday together to see if there was anything he should have picked up on.

“Don’t go there,” Katrina said softly. “Irma made her own choices. Right now your focus should be on Jamie. He’s hysterical and all he wants is you.”



***

All he wants is you.

Katrina remembered when she was in the same boat as little Jamie Gregory. Thank God for time and healing. Yet, she couldn’t believe her luck - or lack thereof. Orlando goddamned Johnson. Katrina was halfway through a lobster salad when her office phone rang. She was all at once relieved and worried. Her date had not been going well so she was happy for the excuse to leave but the office calling her so late screamed trouble. It was worse than she imagined. The little boy cried all through treatment and begged her to get ‘Juice’. She had no idea who this Juice person was but figured if they would give Jamie comfort she would do everything in her power to contact them. Jamie Gregory had spent the last thirty-six hours with his mother’s corpse and needed all the comfort he could get. She couldn’t believe it when this Juice turned out to be Orlando Johnson; the adopted son of the Johnson clan, hot shot corporate lawyer and the man who broke her heart. A promise was a promise and Katrina wasn’t in a habit of breaking them so here she was in a too small elevator with the man she wanted to be near to less than the Devil himself.



He cared for the little boy, she realized. He was tapping his index finger rapidly against his thigh, a nervous tick he’d had since their dating days.

“He will be fine,” she said, hating that she felt the need to comfort him. She took a good look at Orlando. The years had been kind to him. He filled out the light, grey suit he was wearing and she found herself drawn to his hazel eyes. They were filled with worry and panic but they were still so damned beautiful. Down girl. The years had dulled the sharp impact of what he’d done to her but he was still the asshole who’d lead her on for three years before discarding her like she was nothing.

She silently thought of the mantra that got her through the first agonizing months after he left: never forgive, never forget.

They could have been going to the tenth floor for how slowly the elevator seemed to move and Katrina sighed with relief when she finally stepped onto the pediatrics ward.

She walked him to the nurses’ station and waited for him to get his visitor’s credentials. Then, ensuring there was enough distance between them, Katrina led Orlando to Jamie’s room.

“I have a surprise for you,” she said in the warmest, most excited voice she could muster with the emotions causing chaos inside her. Jamie looked up from the tablet he’d been glued to. She watched excitement fill his eyes as he looked around the room for Orlando. Jamie almost launched himself off the bed when his eyes landed on Orlando. The nurse restrained him with a chuckle. “Let him come to you.”

“Juice!” he exclaimed.

“Hey little man.”

Orlando eased out of his jacket, sat at the edge of the bed and pulled Jamie into his arms. The little boy clutched Orlando for a few moments before he burst into tears. It wasn’t the first time Katrina had heard Jamie cry since she was assigned his case but these tears were different. They were the tears you cried when you were with someone you felt safe with. Someone you trusted. She watched how gentle Orlando was with the little boy and felt her eyes well. Would he have been like that with their children if he’d given their future a chance? She chased the thoughts away as she repeated her mantra: never forgive, never forget.





CHAPTER TWO



The solution came fully formed into Orlando’s mind. There was no need to tweak or adjust his plan. He’d been sitting in his favorite coffee shop thumbing through the New York Times when he suddenly knew what he needed to do. Jamie was a smart, fun, cheeky little boy who’d managed to surprise him with his resilience to the chaotic lifestyle that came with having a former drug addict for a mother. Yet, Orlando wasn’t sure Jamie’s resilience would be enough to withstand being shuffled around in the foster care system. He’d had a taste of that in the year after his mother died and he didn’t want that for Jamie. He would foster him, Orlando had decided. He already had his license really couldn’t think of a better option. A few hours later he told Jasmine what he decided.

“Are you sure?”

Jasmine stirred some sugar into her herbal tea before bringing her questioning gaze to Orlando. Sure? No, he wasn’t. His job kept him busy as hell and he’d never been responsible for a living thing in his life – not a pet, not even a plant.

Orlando began to shake away the indecision Jasmine’s question brought up. He could make it work. He could adjust his hours. He had both his mother and Grandma Nona to help out. Jaxon and his wife, Maya, were closer still. He could afford the best nanny money could buy.

“Yeah,” he replied. “I’m very sure.”

Jasmine smiled and took a sip from her mug. “That’s really great of you O.”

They were sitting in the living room of his one bedroom Brooklyn loft. All of his siblings chose to live in Manhattan but Orlando couldn’t resist the modern, yet bohemian, apartment he’d bought four years before when he became sick of renting. The deep burgundy walls and exposed brick still called to him but he wondered if it was a suitable place for a child. He floated the idea past his sister.

“Ideally he should have his own room,” Jasmine started. “But I’d be hesitant to make any major adjustments for a fostering situation. You don’t know how long its gonna last. Isn’t there someone you can talk to? Like his case worker or something?”

Honeyed eyes popped into his mind with Jasmine’s suggestion. Yes, there was someone he could talk to but he wasn’t sure he wanted to. The rest of their encounter at the hospital had been stiff and uncomfortable. Katrina may want him to believe their past had no effect on her but that was a damned lie. Professionalism my ass, he thought. Professionalism had nothing to do with how she held her back so rigidly he was afraid she would break.

“Or something,” he muttered. Jasmine raised an eyebrow but he didn’t elaborate. Instead, he pulled out his phone and prepared to face Katrina’s iciness head on.



****

“Wait a minute, the Orlando Johnson?”

Katrina made a face at her best friend. Sabrina was like a sister to her but she could give Lifetime movies competition in drama. She scooted closer to the computer’s screen half hoping Skype would give up signal so she’d have an excuse to end the uncomfortable conversation.

She’d returned home from the hospital filled with negative energy and unable to sleep. Katrina told anyone who asked that she’d put the whole Orlando mess behind her. And, she’d believed it too! Now she wasn’t so sure. Last night she’d tossed and turned in ways she hadn’t in years, haunted by the one dream she thought she’d long banished to the cesspool of history. She remembered everything about the moment Orlando left her. One weekend they had been browsing engagement rings and plotting a future together. The next she was sitting on the couch in the apartment they shared listening to him tell her that he didn’t love her and didn’t think he could. Katrina remembered the cool fall breezes that blew through their open window and the way the bacon she’d just prepared for breakfast wafted in the air. It took years before the scent of bacon didn’t make her physically ill. But mostly, she remembered the way his eyes sparkled earnestly when he said the words that ripped her life to pieces. She couldn’t begin to fathom that the man she’d gone to bed next to for the past two years didn’t love her. Or, the man who would kiss her gently awake with proclamations of love was lying. In the years that followed she tortured herself trying to figure out which Orlando was a lie. The one who woke her up one night to ask what he’d ever done to deserve her or the one who’d sat on the floor next to her that fall morning. It took even more years for her to realize it didn’t matter a damn bit.

“Earth to Kat.”

Sabrina was sitting cross-legged on the couch of the Boston apartment they once shared frowning.

“Are you ok?” her friend asked again. Katrina closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She was okay. She’d been okay for years. She’d had other relationships; some good, some bad. Sometimes she was on the receiving end of heartbreak and other times she dished it out. She was not stuck in the place she’d been for far too long after Orlando left.

“I’m fine,” she said. “About to be late for work, but fine.”

Katrina engaged Sabrina in gossip about the friends she’d left behind until her best friend was convinced she was really as fine as she claimed to be. She checked her watch and swore. She hadn’t been lying about being late for work.

Two trains and countless side eyes later, Katrina walked into her office building wishing she’d had time to stop for coffee before starting her day. She was halfway to her office when she spotted him. He was wearing a tailored, navy blue suit that probably cost more than her rent but she had to admit, reluctantly, that it did wonders in showcasing his broad shoulders and tapered waist.

“To what do I owe the pleasure?” she asked when she came to stand next to him. Even in her four inch, office suited heels she barely came up to his shoulders.

“It is official business.”

The response irked her and Katrina did not hold back on her irritation when she responded.

“I wasn’t aware we had any other sort of business.”

She began walking towards her office without giving him a chance to respond. “This way please.”

Her office was small, cluttered and filled with well-used furniture. A far cry, she was sure, from his big shot office. She took a seat behind her desk and began arranging the items she would be working on that day. Orlando stood near to the door. She guessed he wasn’t going to sit unless she invited him to. Katrina embraced the pettiness she felt. Well, Mr. Johnson would be standing then.

“How do I go about fostering Jamie?” he asked after a few minutes.

Her heart lurched in chest. She’d been trying feverishly to find a suitable place before Jamie’s release from the hospital but had been largely unsuccessful. Or had been tremendously picky, according to her coworkers. She didn’t know pickiness was a bad thing when the safety and well being of a child was at stake.

“Where would you find the time?” she challenged.

Orlando folded his arms. “I’m a senior Associate. I have minions to do my bidding.”

“We both know people like you hate to rely on anyone else,” she said. “So let’s be real.”

He shifted his weight from one foot to the other. He wanted to sit, she realized, but neither of them was willing to give up control of the situation.

“I have a large extended family and can hire a nanny. You are his case worker so you could help me select the best one.”

She tapped her pen against the open pad. She knew about his large, extended family. It was something that made him very attractive to her when they were dating. Being able to help with the selection of a nanny was also a huge plus.

“Married?” she asked.

Orlando shook his head.

“Dating?” she continued, hating the way her breaths slowed in anticipation of his answer.

“Completely unattached. I got the bachelor pad to prove it.”

As much as she wanted to dwell on the first part of his blasé response it was the second that needed her attention.

“Bachelor pad? How would that be suitable for a child?”

He shrugged. “I’ll move.”

She hoped the shock didn’t show on her face. It wasn’t that moving would be hard for Orlando. Anyone who was familiar with successful, black families in the United States knew the Johnsons were swimming in cash. She was caught off guard at how committed he was to Jamie. Maybe he was far more attached to the child than she’d allowed herself to believe.

“Just like that?” she said.

He brought his gaze to hers and in the soft, firm voice that used to make her weak in the knees he said, “Just like that.”

“In that case Mr. Johnson,” she said slowly. “Please have a seat.”





CHAPTER THREE



Orlando left his impromptu meeting with Katrina with a wry smile. He’d had meetings with opposing attorneys that were a lot less icy than his meeting with Katrina but it was successful. Or, at least Orlando thought it had been. He and Katrina covered a lot of ground. She didn’t try to sugarcoat his position. It didn’t help his case that he was a single man with a high-powered job who’d never actually fostered a child before even though he was certified to do so. However, there was no mistaking the bond he and Jamie shared. She believed Jamie’s circumstances meant it would be beneficial to focus on how attached Jamie was to him. Orlando agreed. He was also very attached to Jamie. It was more than that the kid had the ability to make all the stressors of his job and life disappear with one gap toothed smile. He recognized himself in the little boy. He knew what it was to live that life. Except Orlando had thought Jamie and his mother would make it. He’d thought Jamie would never have to know the pain of having the one constant in his life ripped away.

“Damn it Irma,” he muttered. What had the woman been thinking? How could she throw away all the progress she’d managed to make? He supposed addiction was never that simple. It must be easy to get pulled into wanting the familiar comfort or high so many addicts traded their lives and well-being for. Hadn’t he done the same? Orlando sat across the small office feeling the familiar ache in his chest that cropped up whenever he allowed his mind to linger on Katrina for too long. Orlando had a hard time remembering why he’d left in the first place when he watched her sitting there in the burgundy top that brought out her skin’s warm undertones. That, of course, wasn’t strictly true. He could remember exactly why he left. He had thought of the picture perfect future he and Katrina were planning and started to feel like he was trapped in a cellar. And then he found his escape hatch. Rachael Spencer. She was the woman who’d opened his eyes to what love should feel like, he thought. Being with Rachael was a heady rush of overwhelming attraction. He’d felt like his feet could never touch the ground. It was the type of feeling Orlando was sure littered the romance novels his mother and Jasmine loved to read. It seemed almost sad to try to measure the feelings he had for Katrina against the way Rachael consumed him. If what he felt for Rachael was love then it was obvious he didn’t love Katrina, wasn’t it? In the weeks that followed as he fought with himself he believed he’d never regret leaving. And he hadn’t. Not for years. Life, you see, had a way of showing you things. The irony was that sometimes you gained the clarity while head first in a tumbler of gin and late – painfully late. Love wasn’t always heady or frighteningly intoxicating. Sometimes it was steady, rooted. There was beauty in that too. Yet, that was not his most painful realization. Orlando hadn’t been head over heels for Rachael – she was his escape hatch. Things had become too serious, too real with Katrina and he needed to run. He needed to create distance before he ruined her. By the time he’d come to that realization he’d also managed to ruin his relationship with Rachael. It was then Orlando decided he wasn’t the relationship type. He wasn’t going to be concerned with a wife and family the way his brothers had become. Those things were not made for him – his childhood showed him that. Yet, as he sat at Jamie’s bedside watching him sleep, Orlando knew there was nothing in the world he wanted to do more than bring the little boy home, protect him and guide him through life.

You don’t know how long such an arrangement would last, Jasmine had said when he talked about being Jamie’s foster father. Jamie’s large, almond shaped eyes fluttered open and he smiled widely when he saw him.

“Juice!” he exclaimed like Orlando was all of his Christmas gifts and birthday presents wrapped up in one.

Orlando knew how long he wanted it to last. He didn’t have Johnson blood running through his veins but he did have their ability to get things done. It was settled. Orlando was going to do everything in his power to bring Jamie home with him that weekend and to see to it that he stayed there.



***

Katrina’s day was hell. It’d been one crisis after the other. She couldn’t wait to get back to her apartment and pour a glass of wine large enough to drown in. She hadn’t expected the level of kickback she got when she suggested Orlando as a temporary foster parent for Jamie. Wanda, her heavyset supervisor, dismissed the idea. The woman had rolled her deep-set, Grinch-like eyes and pressed her lips into a thin line. Wanda didn’t think Orlando – as single as he was and as busy as he was – would know the first or last thing about taking care of a child. She continued her resistance even after Katrina pointed out that he not only had younger siblings but also a baby niece. In the end Katrina took her suggestion directly to the head of their department. That, predictably, did not go down well with Wanda. She figured she’d be paying for going over the old goat’s head for the rest of her time in the department. Katrina didn’t care. She didn’t become a social worker because she thought all the decisions would be easy. And, as much as she couldn’t stand Orlando, she knew he was Jamie’s best bet. It wasn’t just that it was clear he adored the little boy. Orlando was probably the only person in their midst who could personally relate to what Jamie would be feeling. The head of department, Juliette, was sympathetic to all of Katrina’s arguments and generally agreed with her position.

“I expect you and Mr. Johnson to come up with a concrete plan of how the child’s care will be managed by tomorrow. After which I expect you to perform house visits three times per week until Ms. Simmons is satisfied.”

Yes, that was when Katrina’s day went to shit.

She didn’t want to spend any more time with Orlando than was absolutely necessary but she couldn’t very well defy her boss’ order. Katrina knew she was going to have to update Orlando on the decision eventually but she wanted some time to recuperate. She wanted to tuck Orlando firmly in the back of her mind where she’d buried him all those years ago. Even if it was just for a couple of hours. She didn’t bother checking her building’s elevator – it never worked anyway – but instead walked up the three flights of stairs to her apartment taking out each inch of frustration on the fraying, blue grey carpeting. She had just about turned the corner when she spotted him. He was leaning against her door in stonewashed jeans and a pale green polo shirt looking like he owned the place. It made her blood boil with rage.

“What are you doing here?” she demanded. She started reaching into her bag for her key but stopped halfway there. She wasn’t about to invite him inside.

“How do you even know where I live?” she asked before he could respond to the first question she fired at him.

“I asked a few people,” he said softly as if it was the most natural thing to hunt someone’s address down and show up at their front door uninvited. Through the haze of her annoyance something stood out. Panic clawed at her.

“You didn’t change your mind, did you?”

“No,” he answered. “Of course not. I just wanted to talk to you.”

“You could’ve called,” she shot back.

“You would’ve hung up on me when I got around to saying what I needed to say.”

“That’s usually a good indication that maybe you should back off.”

This time she took her keys from her bag and eased her way past him. She began to turn the key in the lock when he spoke up.

“I’m sorry Kat. I made a mistake.”

She wanted to turn around. She wanted to look into those hazel eyes to see what was reflected there. She didn’t. Years ago she would’ve given her left arm… literally given her left arm to hear those words. But now? Now it was too late.





CHAPTER FOUR



“The unflappable Orlando Johnson loses his cool.”

JT sat on the couch with his locs pulled back into a rubber band. JT’s locs, piercings and tattoos made him look more out of place among the four brothers than Orlando did. This was despite JT, Jasper and Jaxon sharing the same mahogany skin, slender faces and their mother’s round, chocolate eyes. Orlando was a few shades lighter, a few inches taller but would always be more quickly identified as a Johnson than his brother. JT wasn’t only a rule breaker or trailblazer depending on who was describing him. No, sometimes his brother was downright annoying. This was one of those times as he sat there having a bit too much fun at Orlando’s expense.

Every Thursday, for as long as Orlando could remember, he and his brothers met for a weekly games night. It was a good time for them to catch up on what was going on in each other’s life. Orlando remembered when Jaxon was the one in the hot seat. He often marveled at his brother’s strength. His wife was murdered in a bank robbery gone wrong just as her best friend became their surrogate. That Jaxon had gone on to find love with Maya and was now expecting another baby with her was heartwarming. So too was JT’s best friend, Hallie, finally wising up to his devotion to her. It was like each Johnson brother was being steered into the path of love but Orlando knew better. There would be no happy ending for him. He saw to that.

“Give him a break JT,” Jaxon said. “You didn’t like it when we were on your back about Hallie.”

This silenced his brother for all of two minutes.

“Yeah,” he agreed. “But I told Orlando he was going to live to regret his piss poor decision.”

“So what do you want? A medal?”

This was from Jasper. His youngest brother sat on the far end of the living room nursing a beer and a foul mood. He and JT had been at each other’s throats for the past couple months and their rift didn’t seem to be ending any time soon. Orlando flashed Jaxon a knowing look before they both jumped in to direct the conversation elsewhere so that another Thursday night wasn’t ruined by either JT or Jasper storming out.

They bantered about current issues, office politics and JT’s recent engagement all through the poker game but eventually the conversation returned to him.

“What are you going to do?” Jaxon asked.

“What can he do?” Jasper responded. “Sometimes the past is just that… the past and you’re better offer leaving it there.”

“Path of least resistance again little brother?” JT chimed in.

There they went again.

“What’s the problem between you two?” Jaxon asked. He and Orlando had tolerated the snipes but their patience was easily wearing thin. Neither JT nor Jasper responded but that wasn’t a shock. Orlando decided to face his situation head on.

“I want to try to get to know her again,” he admitted. “It’s so weird being around her. She’s like this beautiful stranger but familiar at the same damn time. But Jasper is right. I broke her heart. I don’t get to come waltzing back in to rehash the past just because it suits me to do it.”

“Exactly,” Jasper said with a wry smile. “Don’t be like that Adele song.”

The ridiculous statement was enough to break the tension in the room. Soon they were all laughing and criticizing the nerve of the protagonist in Adele’s song ‘Hello’ as they resumed playing the game. Orlando silently thanked God that Jasper’s quip had managed to break the tension. His nerves were already tangled into knots. This was the time to relax and try to regroup. He thought of the way Katrina walked straight into her apartment after he finally put his regret to words and realized he needed to do more than regroup. He needed to wipe the slate clean.





CHAPTER FIVE



Orlando was sitting in one of the grey, worn chairs in the lobby of Katrina’s office building when she arrived to work that morning. She shifted her bag to her other arm. “You’re making a habit of this.”

“I’ve come to apologize,” he said. He got up from his seated position and stood beside her.

“The second unwanted apology I’ve gotten from you in as many days,” she responded. She began walking to her office and gestured for him to follow. It was time for them to get this personal bullshit out of the way so she could do her job and he could help a child he was obviously very attached to.

Orlando waited until they were seated in her closed office before he started to speak again.

“I shouldn’t be bringing the past up in any of this. It has happened and that’s it. I should be focusing on what’s really important here: Jamie. So I’m here to offer a truce. Let’s just pretend we have no history and work towards getting everything rolling for weekend.”

He stuck out his hand and after a few seconds she took it.

“Good morning,” he said with a small smile. “I’m Orlando Johnson and I’m interested in fostering one of your kids.”

It was as if he’d read her mind. She saw the white flag and decided to accept it.

“I’ve got some good news for you. My supervisor thinks you might be a good initial fit. There are just a few things we need to put in place.”

“Nanny and house?” he guessed with a grin. She looked away from that smile. The smile that once caused her stomach to do somersaults released a hive of bees in her stomach. They didn’t flutter like butterflies did. They stung. So much, she guessed, for keeping the past where it belonged. She took a deep breath. She’d come too far to be tripping over her feelings like this.

“Correct on both counts,” she said. “How soon do you think we can organize this?”

Orlando looked at his watch. “Nanny might take a couple days but we can deal with the house today.”

“Today?” she echoed.

He nodded looking pretty confident. “I’ll just rent for now. Rentals should be easy to find.”

She began to tell him that it took her forever to find a decent place within her budget but stopped herself. Budget. Ah yes. That is definitely where they were different.

“What are we thinking here?” he asked. “Three rooms?”

“Two would be fine,” she said. “But I mean if three rooms are possible, why not?”

He was typing on his phone while she spoke. After a few seconds he said, “Okay. I’ve got someone dealing with it. Do you want to help me select the best one when Harrison gets back to me?”

No you don’t, her mind protested. Unfortunately, Katrina wasn’t paying attention to her mind… or self-preservation for the matter.

“Sure,” she said. She wrote her number on a piece of paper and slid it across the table to him. “Just call me when you’re ready.”

He flashed her one of those smiles again. “Sure thing Ms. Bolton. Have a good day.”

And damn if she didn’t smile a little when she saw how nicely his fitted pants molded to his ass as he walked outside.



***



Orlando always prided himself on his ability to compartmentalize. It didn’t matter what was going on in his personal life, he always brought his ‘A’ game to the office. Except for today. He didn’t manage to get through more than a couple paragraphs of the contract he was proofing before he felt the urge to check his phone to see if Harrison was ready to show him some townhouses or apartments to choose from. Jaxon caught him in one of those moments, hovering between his smart phone and the contract spread out on his desk.

“You’re looking just as bad as I feel,” he said. His brother slid into one of the leather chairs on the opposite side of his desk. “And in case you were wondering I may have had one too many vodka and tonics with Jasper last night.”

Orlando pushed the files across the teak desk. “I’d much rather be at the hospital with Jamie than here.”

Jaxon chuckled. “So be there. Who’s gonna fire you, dad?”

Orlando made a face at Jaxon but laughed all the same, “Now you sound like some of the other associates?”

“It’s petty,” his brother admitted. “But true. I know you’d rather die than pull rank but if there’s a time to pull rank…”

Jaxon let the sentence linger.

“… this is it,” Orlando finished quietly.

“Take it from me nobody benefits when you’re sitting up here too unfocussed to work. Go sort your life out.”

It took another half an hour before Orlando took his brother’s advice. He worried about Jamie. It went further than knowing some faceless bureaucrat could stand between what he knew was the best life for the little boy. He worried about what would happen once the shock and childlike innocence wore off and the horrific reality of the situation set in. The doctors, nurses and Katrina marveled at how much Jamie seemed to be taking things in stride but Orlando knew better. The nightmares would start. And those… those were the least of it. He would spend his entire life wondering why his mother couldn’t love him more than the drugs. Orlando’s heart was leaden as he stepped onto Jamie’s ward. Hell, what did he know? Maybe he was projecting but he’d spoken to enough survivors of childhoods with addicts as parents to know that he wasn’t far off.

“Juice!”

The excited call pulled him from his stormy thoughts. Jamie was getting the hang of navigating his toys with one arm.

“How you doing J?” he asked sitting at the edge of the bed and pulling out the new racing car he’d brought for him.

“My arm is itchy,” he said. Jamie didn’t seem too concerned about the itchy arm as his eyes tracked the car Orlando had begun to assemble.

“This was my favorite thing to do as a kid,” he said. “I always beat JT and Jaxon when we raced.”

Jamie giggled. “I’d beat you.”

Orlando slung one hand across the little boy’s shoulder and grinned. “I guess we’ll see.”

He handed Jamie the remote and was content watching his excitement as he tried to navigate the car around the hospital room. Orlando grimaced at just how loud the toy was. He wondered if an annoyed nurse would soon be in the room telling him off for his inconsiderate choice of toy. Seeing the grin on the five-year-old’s face made it all worth it though.

“You’re going to be such a push over.”

He looked up to find Katrina leaning against the doorframe with a warm smile. It was the first genuine smile he’d received since she’d crashed headfirst back into his life and it affected him more than he wanted to admit.

“You gonna take advantage of me little man?” he asked Jamie with a grin.

Jamie shook his head wildly. “Nah. Juice is a hard ass.”

“Language,” he said softly, yet sternly, and Jamie gave him a sheepish look.

“Sorry.”

“Can I see you outside?” Katrina asked. “The nurses are going to check him anyway so it’s a good time.”



She led him a bit further down the hallway. “Any news yet?”

“Still waiting.”

Her body was tense and there was an edge to her voice that he didn’t want to believe was directed at him.

“Why?”

“Bitch ass Wanda Simmons,” she whispered.

“Language,” he said softly. He knew flirting with Katrina was dangerous territory but damn it if he didn’t feel like a million bucks when she smiled at him. Two in less than an hour, he mused. Things were looking up.

“Tell me more about bitch ass Wanda.”

She sighed loudly. “She’s my immediate supervisor and hates the idea of a single man fostering a child. It’s like she has a complex or something. Anyway just before I left the office to come down here she introduced me to Martin and Marcia Craig.”

He didn’t have to ask who they were. The trickle of cold sweat down his spine was all the confirmation he needed.

“Better suited huh?” he asked.

Katrina shook her head. “On paper, maybe but not even close. I see the way he looks at you and you him. He should be with you.”

Orlando closed his eyes and tried to center himself. One of the biggest lessons his father taught him was to think before he acted, slow things down and find some equilibrium. When he reopened his eyes he still wanted to punch something.

Katrina saw it too. She put her hand on his arm and said, “He should be with you and he will. I just need to make sure that when I go into that placement meeting tomorrow we have every single base covered.”

He tried to feed off her confidence. “Ok. That’s the plan.”

She smiled at him – warm and genuine. Three times in less than an hour. He wished they were for better reasons.

“How about this?” she suggested. “You go and spend some time with Jamie while I finish up at the office and we’ll meet at five and hit the ground running.”

“Sounds like a plan.”

She leaned a couple inches into him, hesitated for a few seconds but she finally opened her arms and wrapped him in a hug. “Everything will be okay. You’ll see.”

He watched her saunter down the hall away from him and wondered if her heart cracked like this the day she watched him leave.





CHAPTER SIX



Katrina sat behind her desk for nearly half of an hour wondering what the hell had been running through her mind when she offered to meet up with Orlando.

It seemed as if every ounce of self-preservation disappeared down the drain when she watched how sweet he was with Jamie. She shut her cabinet drawer more forcefully than she intended to when she thought of the feelings hugging him aroused in her. She hadn’t been able to control her rapid heartbeats as she caught whiffs of his woodsy cologne. Katrina still felt his body against hers as she tried to concentrate on the files on her desk. He felt comfortable. He felt familiar. He felt like home. She tried to swat away those annoying thoughts.

“Really Kat,” she whispered. “You know better than this. Don’t get sucked in.”

She was still repeating some variation of that mantra two hours later when she finally headed back to the hospital to meet Orlando. Katrina had been texting back and forth with her traitorous friend for those two hours hoping to bolster her increasingly slipping resolve to ice him out. If she’d hoped to receive support from Sabrina she was sorely wrong.

It was ages ago, Sabrina texted. Let it go. If you were really over him you wouldn’t be running scared.

The words bothered her more than she wanted to admit. Was Sabrina right? Did she still have feelings for Orlando? She laughed at the absurdity. The man was gorgeous. She was reacting in the way any hot-blooded woman would to the touch of a sexy man.

She met Orlando on her second night at Albany State University. At that time she hadn’t been blown away by his appearance. She was too busy trying to get her heart to stop racing after a drunken frat boy had grabbed on to her and refused to let go. Katrina had been at the booze filled frat party for all of ten minutes before deciding she’d had enough. Between the constant cat calling over the loud music and the guys who were brazen enough to grab and try to grope, Katrina wondered if she only imagined putting on a simple T-Shirt and shorts. She’d complained to her roommate more than once that she was ready to leave but Brandy was relishing the attention. So, Katrina decided to go on her own. It wasn’t until she was a good distance from the fraternity’s house and the streetlights became sparser that she realized she made a mistake. She’d barely started to regret her decision when the most persistent of the frat boys grabbed her from behind. He was pressed so tightly against her that she could feel his hard on against her ass.

“Where you going so soon?” he asked. The harsh stench of alcohol barely masked his bad breath. Katrina reacted in a way she never thought she would. She didn’t fight. She didn’t scream. She was paralyzed. Her stomach churned and fear was thick in her throat. Then suddenly, he was no longer pressed behind her.

“He belongs to you?”

The question hung in the air before she mustered a response. She still couldn’t find her voice but shook her head in a way Orlando later described as frantic.

“Did I interrupt a tryst?”

His lips curled into a hard, humorless smile. She shook her head again. It was only then he released the drunk, annoyed frat boy and said, “You should leave bro.”

There was no threat in his voice. It sounded genial almost like he was just offering some helpful advice. Frat boy chose not to take it. He and his broken nose were flat on the ground in less time than it took to blink. Katrina hadn’t considered herself violent but damn it if she hadn’t wanted to strut over and kick him in his crotch.

“Let me walk you home.”

Her hero’s offer pulled her from her fantasy and she looked at him for the first time. And, boy, did she look. He was about six-four with a lanky body, low-cropped hair and the gentlest vibe. He didn’t ask for her name, her number or make any passes at her. Instead he dropped her off to her door, saw that she was in safely and then went about his business. It wasn’t until two months later when they bumped into each other on campus she realized her knight in shining amour had caramel eyes she could drown in, a mesmerizing smile and was called Orlando. They had been inseparable from that day.



She looked in on Orlando and Jamie from the door. Orlando could no longer be described as lanky. He’d filled out and muscled up in all the right places but he was still so tender and gentle. Jamie looked up at him with unabashed adoration and trust. Katrina took a deep breath. This was why she needed to make sure he ended up with Orlando. She pulled up her metaphorical big girl panties and stepped inside.

“Hey Jamie,” she said. “Giving Juice a lot of trouble?”

Jamie laughed. It was pure delight. Her heart twisted. He didn’t deserve all that was happening to him. But when was life ever fair?

“I’m not giving no trouble,” he said while casting a sneaky glance at Orlando. He rewarded Jamie with a bout of tickles and soon laughter was ringing out again.

She allowed them another fifteen minutes before she signaled to Orlando that they needed to go. Orlando was barely on his feet before Jamie’s little body started vibrating through the force of his sobs. Katrina’s heart clenched in her throat.

“I’ll be back,” Orlando promised. He was on his knees at the side of the bed so that he was level with the crying child. “But you have to be brave for me. Remember what we talked about?”

“Me coming to stay with you?” his little voice asked, breaking but hopeful.

Orlando nodded, wiped those tears and said, “That’s what me and Ms. Bolton are going to do. Can you be brave for me?”

He nodded vigorously.

“I’m going to check,” Orlando said. “I’m gonna ask Nurse Molly.”

“I promise.”

When Orlando hugged Jamie and kissed the top of his head every single block of ice Katrina carefully built up around her heart melted.



***



Orlando knew he was in trouble when he turned away from Jamie with his heart in his throat and found Katrina staring at them through misted eyes. It wasn’t the time to acknowledge what he was feeling for either of them so he summoned a casual smile.

“Hungry?”

“I could eat.”

He smiled wider. “I know just the place.”

He could’ve chosen a restaurant close to the hospital. There was a Caribbean eatery he and JT loved to visit and he knew she would’ve loved the stewed oxtail and black-eyed peas rice. Instead he chose to take her back to Manhattan to a swank, pricey restaurant that specialized in fancy, international cuisine and was almost always booked for late lunches. Reservations were recommended, but not required. Orlando couldn’t ever remember needing one, no matter how busy the restaurant got. He knew he was trying to impress Katrina but couldn’t find the strength to care. When he watched Katrina standing in the hospital’s doorway with lips slightly parted and misty eyes, Orlando realized the truce was no good. He made a mistake letting her go and then fate dropped her right back into his life. What was a guy to do?

Respect her wishes the way you forced her to accept yours, his mind taunted. She doesn’t owe you a second chance.

“But I can earn it,” he whispered.

“Sorry?” she asked. They were seated in a corner of the restaurant overlooking the busy Manhattan street and she looked up from the menu with questions in her eyes.

“Nothing,” he said. Orlando found another smile. “I was just thinking out loud.”

She seemed to accept this and went back to perusing the menu. They only addressed the reason for their late lunch after they had placed orders for all three courses.

“I think we need to be able to show them how you plan to manage childcare and your living arrangements up front.”

He sipped his water. “I was also thinking of having him see Dr. Saint-Lee.”

“Impressive,” she said. “That should go a long way.”

Dr. Saint-Lee was a renowned child psychologist and he’d done a lot of research before he finally decided that he was the best choice. His secretary already set up a tentative appointment. Orlando wasn’t using his ability to afford the best as a trump card. He would ensure Jamie had the best of everything even if he wasn’t allowed to foster him. He felt the need to voice this. He needed Katrina to know this wasn’t just a whim. He wanted what was best for Jamie even if they decided it wasn’t him.

“I just want what’s best for him,” he said.

Katrina reached out and covered his hand with hers.

“And that’s you.”

When their eyes met Katrina’s gaze was as warm as her skin felt against his hand. He also saw the tension and awareness he’d struggled with all day. He wanted to call her out but he didn’t. He wasn’t playing the short game, he decided. There were some things you had to do slowly. So instead of dragging back up the past he said, “I’ve got about four nannies lined up. They all come highly recommended. I want you to be there when I interview them tomorrow. I’ve also put in for two months of flexible vacation.”

“Flexible vacation? Please explain what the heck that even means,” she said with a chuckle. Her tone was playful and Orlando began to relax. He explained that there might still be times he would need to read files and head into the office to sign documents but he would keep it to a minimum.

“I like the sound of that. I knew you would find a way to make it work. Between the nanny, the time off and your family, I don’t think they need to worry about Jamie getting the best attention. Hell, we have some poor children who go to families with four or five foster kids already. Wanda is just being deliberate.”

He started to ask her what the deal was with Wanda when the waitress placed their entrées in front of them. He went for pumpkin soup and Katrina was smiling down at her tuna tartar.

“This looks great,” she said. “Thanks for bringing me here. I can assure you that most of my working lunches don’t happen at places like this.”

He chuckled. “So what is Wanda’s deal?”

“She was being unnecessarily stubborn so I went above her head. Now I think she just wants to make me look like an idiot. She’s charming like that.”

“You’ve been there for all of what? A month? Office rivalry already?”

Katrina made a face. “It isn’t my fault.”

“I never said it was but, let’s face it, women tend to get insecure around you.”

She rolled her eyes and brushed off his suggestion just like he guessed she would.

“Remember Daisy Gordon?”

Daisy was another first year Sociology student who worked with their head of department doing the things most of his freshest interns did for him. They photocopied things, made coffee runs and kept his diary up to date. Somewhere along the line Daisy made it her mission to outdo Katrina at each turn. It would have been comical if it hadn’t made Katrina so worried and uncomfortable. She couldn’t understand what caused Daisy to take three looks at her before going off her hinges. It was obvious to him but he doubted Katrina would listen now anymore than she did then.

“You’re beautiful,” he said all the same.

“Stop it.”

Her voice was soft, eyes cast down and she smiled so that he could see a hint of her dimples.

“And you are kind and smart. You don’t have a vile bone in your body. It’s intimidating.”

She started to respond when his phone rang. It was the real estate agent telling him he’d found three good contenders. Once Katrina agreed she would come with him to view the properties he tried turning the conversation back to where they’d left off.

“Let’s not go there,” she said softly. “I won’t pretend it wouldn’t be easy to fall back into you but let’s leave the past where it should be.”

The fun, teasing atmosphere was replaced with what he’d become accustomed to. Ice. He couldn’t coax her into conversation during the rest of the meal no matter how hard he tried.

“To hell with it,” he whispered.

“Sorry?”

She looked up and he locked his gaze on hers. “I was an idiot. I know I don’t deserve a second shot at getting to know you but I’ll earn it…”

“Orlando let’s not do this…”

“It’s okay,” he said with lips curling into a slow smile. “Don’t say anything just watch.”

This time he knew the conversation stalled because Katrina didn’t know what to say. Orlando smiled despite the tornado of feelings ripping through him. Who would have thought? It took over a decade but he finally rendered Katrina Bolton speechless.





CHAPTER SEVEN



Don’t say anything. Just watch.



Katrina couldn’t stop the words from echoing in her mind as they made their way from the restaurant to the waiting yellow cab. Orlando’s real estate agent found three properties he believed would be suited to living with a young child. Conflicting emotions warred within her but she smiled. She wondered if Orlando realized how differently he lived to other people. If she’d wanted to find property to rent on short notice she’d have to weed out all the inappropriate ones on her own. He sent one email and someone did all the tedious work and was ready to present the best properties for him on a platter.

“I asked him to find properties in Manhattan closest to Jaxon and Maya,” Orlando was explaining. “I’m sure the little man and Jade would have lots of fun together.”

She was amazed at how much Orlando was willing to adjust to ensure he could best take care of Jamie but it didn’t shock her. Even as university students Orlando had been one of the most dedicated and committed persons she knew. He’d chosen to pursue his undergrad at Albany State University before heading to Harvard Law School instead of getting both degrees from Harvard like his siblings to honor the first teacher to believe in him. He’d kept the excited letter Mr. Hopkins mailed to him when the literature teacher found out Orlando passed on Harvard to go to his Alma Mata. His dedication and commitment to everything in his life was what made him walking away even more shocking and heartbreaking.

Stop it, she scolded herself. This was not the time to be taking a walk down memory lane. She wondered if it wouldn’t be easier to just let Wanda have her way. It wasn’t that the couple the older woman chose didn’t look good on paper and in their interview. She was sure Jamie would be well taken care of but she knew he wouldn’t be as happy as he would be if he was placed with Orlando. She stole a glance at Orlando who sat next to her typing away on his smart phone. Did he realize how much the little boy adored him? Jamie always looked at him like he was the father he’d never had. She hoped Orlando was really in this for the long run. His words and actions seemed to sync up but Katrina was afraid of hoping too much. She couldn’t bear to be disappointed and she didn’t want Jamie suffering either. She shifted in the seat. “You sure this is what you want?”

He looked up from the phone and gave her a sharp look. “I thought it was obvious.”

“Look, children aren’t easy. Seeing him every other week will not be the same as having him with you twenty-four seven,” she said fighting down the discomfort she felt. The conversation needed to be had even if she could see anger slowly creeping into Orlando’s gaze.

“You think I don’t know that?”

She shrugged. “Intellectually, yes. And I do believe your heart is in the right place but Jamie loves you. I don’t want him to get accustomed to the lifestyle you’re about to offer and your promises only to have them ripped away.”

“Like you.”

The soft pity in his voice annoyed her.

“Can you stop making this about us?”

She didn’t care that her voice rose so high that the taxi driver glanced in the rearview mirror. “You left. I got over it. You want a do over. I don’t. There’s no more or less to this. What I do care about is sticking my neck out for you and then when you have to deal with tantrums and the lifestyle change, you decide you don’t want to do this anymore and I’m left looking like an idiot.”

Again, she thought.

“My mother loved cocaine. She loved cocaine more than she loved me. It was all that consumed her life and it was her death. I went through three foster homes before the Johnsons took me in and changed my life. You guys sit in your offices with your files and boxes to tick but don’t know shit about reality. My first foster parents just wanted the check. My second foster father must’ve had lifelong dreams of being a boxer. My third foster mother had a thing for little boys. By the time I got to the Johnsons I was surprised they didn’t haul me out on my ass after the first few weeks. I don’t just care for Jamie. I was Jamie. I know exactly what I get to offer him and what I am protecting him from. So back off.”

She tried to find the right words to come back with but couldn’t.

“I just…” she started but he cut her off.

“We’re here.”

She noticed the taxi had begun to slow down in front of a row of detached townhouses. A heavyset man in a suit was standing in front of a for sale sign.

“Sale?” she asked. “I thought you were going to rent.”

He shrugged. “Real estate is a good investment. It’s probably time to put that trust fund to good use.”

She fell in love the moment she stepped inside. The rooms were bright and airy. They were painted in a crisp, white shade but with pops of yellows, blues and greens throughout. She loved that the upstairs bedrooms overlooked the neighborhood park in the distance. Orlando didn’t care about any of that. He was too busy trying to figure out whether Jamie would be comfortable.

“The open plan kitchen and living room means I can keep an eye on him while I cook,” he noted. “And there is enough space to set up a little play area here.”

“While you what?” she asked, stifling a laugh.

“Cook.”

He leaned against the island and folded his arms. “I’m pretty good at it.”

This time Katrina laughed out loud. “Since when?”

When they lived together Orlando could make a disaster zone out of their tiny kitchen by attempting to boil water.

“Lots have changed Kitty Kat,” he said with a small grin.

Kitty Kat. The former term of endearment was like shoving a hot fire poker into her chest. It felt so familiar, so normal and so comfortable she wondered what it would feel like if she took three strides towards him and stepped into his arms.

“So what do we think?”

The real estate agent popped his head around the corner and probably stopped her from making the worst mistake of her life.

“I like it,” she gushed. “The space is plentiful without being overwhelming and the décor is nice and relaxed.”

“The best part of this house is the small backyard,” the agent said opening the patio door and ushering them out into the small, green space.

The backyard sold Orlando. It didn’t matter that it was very small. He spoke of all the things he and Jamie could do together from pretend camping to barbecues. She felt bad for doubting him. He obviously didn’t see Jamie as an obligation. He was choosing to bring this child into his life and she could see the excitement in his eyes.

“So no more tours?” she asked with a grin.

“I’m for this,” he said. “It is just for you to make the call.”

“Me?”

Katrina was taken aback. She thought he’d invited her along so that she could be satisfied with the decision he eventually made. She didn’t think she’d actually have a say.

“I think Jamie will be very happy here,” she said after a while. Yet, she could imagine herself in the house too. She could see herself sitting around the island looking over case files or having coffee in the backyard. The house was perfect. She wondered if this was the kind of place she and Orlando would’ve chosen if they’d followed the plans they had made.

“Ok. Let’s do this,” Orlando said. Katrina smiled at him, unable to fight the warmth in her stomach.

The real estate agent smiled and passed a meaningful look between them. “Great. You guys will be very happy here.”

Just like that reality reared its unwanted head and all of the warmth Katrina felt evaporated.





CHAPTER EIGHT





Orlando sipped on his beer and finally allowed himself to relax. Across the room, Jamie handed a doll to Jade. The toddler was still unsteady on her feet but tried her best to keep up with the five year old. Katrina hadn’t lied when she said this Wanda character was a piece of work. The day after they’d selected the house and narrowed down the nannies to a choice of two, he and Katrina met with her immediate supervisor and her boss. It didn’t take long for him to realize Wanda just wanted to get the upper hand of Katrina. She didn’t particularly care if a vulnerable child was caught in the crossfire. The back and forth was so prolonged and so intense that Orlando actually worried when he returned to Jaxon’s house. Would Wanda get her way?

“Let’s just make sure everything is set up,” Maya suggested. Her bump was just starting to peek out and he knew Maya would do anything to protect Jade and her unborn child. He wondered what caused some women to put other things before their children while others would literally lay down their lives for them. How different would his life have been if his mother was devoted to him instead of her next high? But he was lucky. Although Jacqueline came into his life late, he knew the love of a devoted mother. He thought of the couple Wanda claimed was a better fit for Jamie and paused. Was he denying Jamie a mother figure? Could Wanda be right? Would Jamie be better off if he was placed in a different home?

“Where did you disappear to?”

Maya had been busy placing stuffed animals on the bed they’d selected for Jamie but she looked up at him with concern. He explained his misgivings and she smiled at him. She patted the empty bed, waited for him to sit before grabbing the space next to him.

“There’s no such thing as a perfect fit,” she said. “I swear no one thought I would work out with Charlotte and her parents but they were the best thing to ever happen to me.”

Foster homes were the one thing he and Maya had in common. In many ways she was the best person to confide in about the increasing panic welling inside him.

“On a material level you are the best thing for Jamie,” she mused. “There are very few who can offer him the luxuries you will. Beyond that you have two things that couple, no matter how amazing they may be, cannot offer. You know what Jamie is going through. And, you love him.”

He hugged his sister-in-law tight. “Thanks. If you ever want to get rid of that no good husband of yours, I’ll marry you.”

Although Maya’s words were comforting Orlando worried until he finally got the call from Katrina telling him everything was approved. It had been two days and sometimes he still looked at Jamie hoping he hadn’t made a mistake.

“Juice!”

Jamie’s high-pitched call broke through his worried thoughts. He looked up in time to see Jamie running across the verandah. He launched himself into Orlando’s arms.

“Having fun?” he asked.

Jamie nodded. “I just missed you.”

When Jamie smiled up at him with gap-toothed adoration, Orlando’s nerves settled. He was good for Jamie and Jamie was good for him. This was no mistake. This was one of the best decisions of his life.



***



Katrina believed she just made one of the worst decisions of her life. The five persons who were tasked with determining where Jamie would be placed came very close to selecting the couple Wanda had offered up. It was her supervisor who eventually swayed the decision by pointing out that Orlando was the first person Jamie cried for when he realized his mother wasn’t coming back. She praised the detailed plans Orlando had come up with not just for Jamie’s physical care but also his emotional care. Then she promised the committee Katrina would be checking in on Orlando and Jamie two to three times per week to make sure things went well. She should’ve said something then. She should’ve explained to the six persons sitting around the circular table that she and Orlando had history – bad history – and she should have suggested that another social worker be assigned the case.



She took a large gulp of red wine. Why hadn’t she done the smart, responsible thing? She wouldn’t have had to see Orlando ever again. Katrina missed the life she lived before Orlando crashed right back in and made her question whether she’d ever really gotten over him. Her phone vibrated as she was pouring her second glass of wine. The quick check of her ID didn’t result in her usual cringe. Robert was a man she’d been on a date with so far and had no interest in seeing him again. He’d been trying to set up a second date for the past two weeks but she continued to dodge him. Tonight, however, she didn’t feel much like avoiding Robert. It was better than going to bed with Orlando’s name on her tongue and frustration in her heart. So, despite herself, she agreed to meet Robert at a bar near her apartment. The bar had great cocktails, played amazing music and was busy enough that maybe she could relax and have a good time.



Katrina took extra special care in getting ready. She changed outfits twice before she settled on an olive, bandeau dress and her favorite black heels. She left her hair loose and applied minimal make up before she admired herself in her full-length mirror.

“Not too bad,” she whispered. That she would consider whether Orlando would find her outfit attractive made her feel silly but she couldn’t deny that he lingered in the back of her mind as she got ready.

She got the reaction she was hoping for when she opened her door and found Robert on the other side. Robert was an attractive man. He was a little bit taller than her with a strong jaw line, deep brown skin and a warm smile. When Katrina had first gone out with him she had been sure she would have liked him. Then it came time for them to have an actual conversation. Robert managed to be both mind numbingly boring and self-absorbed. Katrina barely managed to get a word in and by the time she’d made it to her cab she was determined to never see Robert again. Yet, here she was watching him look over her outfit appreciatively wishing it was Orlando instead. Katrina, mortified by her train of thoughts, leaned in and kissed Robert on the cheek. She was going to enjoy this night out and banish Orlando from her mind or die trying.





CHAPTER NINE



“Is that your ex?”

Orlando followed JT’s gaze and almost dropped the tumbler of whiskey he was holding. Katrina was standing on the far end of the High Point bar wearing a dress that molded so perfectly to her curves it seemed like a second skin. His mouth went dry. Orlando was used to seeing Katrina in work attire since she re-entered his life. He was not prepared for the sight of her in that dress, in those heels or the legs that seemed to go on for miles. JT’s snicker pulled him out of his trance.

“Yeah, that’s Kat.”

“Also known as your biggest mistake in life.”

Orlando tried to ignore JT’s jab. JT didn’t do anything gracefully. He didn’t win gracefully. He didn’t lose gracefully. He sure as hell was not the type to resist saying ‘I told you so’ even when the person in question was licking their wounds. JT had been the first to warn him that he would regret leaving Katrina. Orlando ignored his little brother. At the time he was positive he was making the right decision or was willing to live with the regret. He wished he had known at the time that regret was bitterer than wormwood.

Orlando began making his way over to Katrina when a man walked up from the bar, placed a hand on her lower back and handed her a drink. She looked up at him and smiled and Orlando felt his stomach sink.



The anger and jealousy jabbed at him so quickly that he was disoriented. His feet wanted to move on their own accord but eventually sanity prevailed. He didn’t have any right to be jealous or angry with Katrina for moving on with her life. What the hell had he expected? It had been nearly a decade and she’d tried – often and persistently – to let him know she was over him. Except it wasn’t Katrina his anger was directed at. It was the man, whose hand rested lower on her hips than they had any right to, who he wanted to punch in the face. He finished his drink and began to move in Katrina’s direction.

“Where do you think you’re going?”

The teasing note was gone from JT’s voice.

“To say hi,” Orlando responded even though he could smell his own bullshit.

His brother chuckled. “You aren’t nearly drunk enough to use that as an excuse for making a scene. Let’s go.”

He knew JT was right. The smart, mature decision was to leave with JT, pick up Jamie from Maya and Jaxon’s house and go home with his favorite little person in the world. He almost listened to logic. Orlando couldn’t fight wanting to know the kind of guys Katrina went for nowadays.

JT pulled his locs from their rubber band and shook his head at Orlando. “You aren’t going to listen to me are you?”

Orlando smiled. “Nah. You’re welcome to come check this guy out though.”

“I’ll pass,” JT said. “You’ve got five minutes before I come haul your ass out of here.”

“Fair enough.”



To say Katrina was shocked to see Orlando would be an understatement. He watched as her eyes widened, lips parted involuntarily and her back go stiff.

“Hey Kitty Kat,” he said with a slow smile. “What a nice surprise.”

He pulled her into a hug and kissed her cheek before standing at his full height. The man she was with was nearly half a foot shorter than he was. When he couldn’t ignore the man, who pulled Katrina closer, any longer Orlando turned and extended his hand. “Orlando Johnson.”

The man had a firm grip. Orlando would give him that.

“Robert O’Garro.”

“How long have you two been dating?” he asked casually. Katrina seemed to be tethering on the edge of control but Orlando didn’t care. He liked to see the cracks appear in the icy façade she put on for him.

“This is our second date,” Robert chipped in at the same time Katrina told him, in very colorful language, that it was none of his business.

Robert glanced at the woman in his arms. “How do you guys know each other?”

“We don’t,” she said in a soft, hard voice. “He’s just fostering one of my kids.”

Her quiet dismissal made his blood boil. “Really Kitty Kat? Is that all I am to you?”

She began to respond but was cut short when JT suddenly appeared behind him.

“Katrina!” he said. “It’s been years. You haven’t aged a bit.”

JT disarmed Katrina, as he’d intended, and soon she was busy complimenting him on his art gallery and his engagement, which had made the New York Times society section.

“It’s been nice running in to you,” JT said after a while. “Just wanted Orlando to know our car is outside.”

“I’ll see you around Kitty Kat,” he repeated with a slow drawl. He turned to Robert and said, “Above the collar bone.”

“What?”

“That’s her spot.”

JT held his shoulder tightly and steered him away from Robert. The man kept casting uncomfortable glances between Orlando and Katrina. Katrina looked like she wanted to impale him with her heels.

“You can’t be fucking serious,” JT said once they were outside.

“Just some advice.”

“Yeah from King of the jackasses?” his brother asked. “You ruined things with her. You. Ruined. It. She had to accept the decision you foolishly and rashly made. That was uncalled for and I’m gonna tell Grams Nona about it.”

The joke lightened the tension between them. Grams Nona had always been the one they ran to while growing up to keep the other siblings in check. Orlando tried to imagine their grandma’s reaction to his behavior and grimaced.

“She’d skin me alive,” he muttered.

“Yeah. I wouldn’t be the least favorite grandkid anymore.” JT paused for a while and then said, “Maybe I should tell Grams Nona.”

Orlando glared at him. “You wouldn’t.”

“Wouldn’t I?”

He paused. The thing about JT was that you never knew how far he’d actually take his trolling. Disappointment settled around him alongside his shame.

“I need to go apologize.”

His brother shook his head. “Nah. I think she’s seen enough of you for tonight. You can fuck up again tomorrow.”





CHAPTER TEN



“I feel like I’ve missed something.”

Katrina tried desperately to center her emotions before responding to Robert. She wanted to follow after Orlando and JT so she could punch Orlando in the face. How dare he? Even in the dimly lit room she saw the flicker of hurt in his eyes when she said he was just one of her foster parents. But wasn’t he? Orlando wanted to force her to relive the life she’d relinquished years ago.

“You haven’t,” she said tightly. “Let’s go top up our drinks.”

Robert shook his head. “No. How does a foster parent know where your spot is?”

He enunciated spot as if he were speaking about something nasty. Go figure, Katrina thought becoming annoyed. She spent the entire date listening to Robert ramble on about himself but now… now he wanted to talk about her.

“We dated briefly in University,” she said eventually. “Anything else?”

The man shrugged. “Seems like something is still going on.”

“There isn’t.”

Robert dropped it eventually and soon Katrina was subjected to another ramble about his work life. She’d zoned out half way through. There was no way she’d be able to go on another date with Robert. Yet, it wasn’t Robert who occupied her mind. The more she thought about Orlando’s little stunt, the more annoyed she got. She was going to confront him. She wasn’t going to send him a strongly worded text or an email from the office on Monday. No. She was going to return his favor and show up at his door. She glanced at her watch. It was pushing midnight but she decided she would go anyway. She would confront him before she slept off her anger and the boldness her final two espresso martinis had given her.

“I think I’m going to call it a night,” she said abruptly.

Robert stopped midsentence. Katrina wasn’t even sure what he’d been rambling on about.

“Okay,” he said. “Let me call a cab.”

She shook her head. “It’s fine. I ordered an Uber while you were telling me about how everyone envied you in college.”

He raised an eyebrow. “Why does that sound like an insult?”

Katrina pushed the chair back and rose. “It was, Robert! The only time you cared to know anything about me was when you were checking out the competition.”

She dropped enough money to cover her half of the bill. “Tip for the next woman who agrees to go out with you. Stop talking about yourself.”

She didn’t wait for his response but, instead, headed out of the still packed bar to her Uber before she could change her mind



Katrina had many opportunities to change her mind. She could have backed off when the Uber driver asked her to confirm the address. Or, when he pulled up outside of Orlando’s townhouse and she paid. She could have stopped when she stood on his doorstep for five minutes trying to talk herself out of it. Then there was the fact he didn’t answer on the doorbell’s first, second or third ring. She didn’t. She stayed there as if her feet had grown roots in the concrete until he answered the door.

“Katrina? What are you doing here?”

He stood in the doorway shirtless in black, silk pajama bottoms.

She tried to avert her gaze from his bare chest and fumed when she realized how much he affected her.

“You’re a frigging asshole,” she said stepping towards him and shoving her index finger into his chest. “What the hell did you get out of being so obnoxious tonight?”

“I’m sorry. I was out of line and you have every right to be angry,” he said softly. “JT let me have it too. I’d like to say I didn’t know what came over me but I’d be lying. I was jealous.”

“Jealous?”

Katrina couldn’t believe what she was hearing. His words were like oxygen to her anger’s fire and Katrina exploded.

“You do not have the right be jealous Orlando. You. Left. Me,” she screamed. “You were going on and on about engagements and weddings and babies one month and the next you were literally leaving me on the damn floor.”

“Katrina…”

“No,” she said. “Leave me alone, Orlando. There’s nothing between us other than a past I wish we didn’t share.”

She turned around to leave when he called after her, “Where are you going?”

Katrina did not respond but pulled out the phone as she started walking away. She instantly regretted allowing the Uber to leave. The weather was crap and those martinis were beginning to show themselves in the way the ground seemed to dance beneath her.

“Just great,” she muttered under her breath.

Orlando grabbed her arm and spun her to face him.

“Hey,” he said. “I’d offer to drive you but I’ve got a five year old sleeping upstairs. It’s late. You’re drunk. Stay.”

Katrina shook her arm away. She was sick and tired of dealing with Orlando and his bullshit. She’d said what she had to say and she was leaving. He no longer had to be concerned about her welfare. He’d assured that when he walked out.

“I’m a big girl,” she drawled enjoying the way her belligerence tasted on her lips. “I can take care of myself.”

“There’s a spare room Kat,” Orlando said. “I know you’re pissed at me. I’m pissed at me. Just come in. I’ll order you an Uber for the first thing in the morning. You won’t have to see me.”

Katrina hated that his suggestion was reasonable. She hated that she could see concern and regret in his eyes. In those moments she swore she hated him too. Yet, the ground was still dancing under her feet and Katrina believed that self-preservation was nature’s first law.

“Okay,” she said. “I’ll order my own Uber, though. Just show me to my room.”

His shoulders relaxed. He turned and ushered her back up the front steps and into the house. Memories of the emotions she felt when she’d last been there with him flooded her and rekindled her anger.

“You remember where the kitchen is,” he was saying. “Get something to drink. I’ll get out of your hair. The guest room is the second door on the left.”

Orlando locked the door behind him and brushed past her before heading down the hall. She watched him walk away illuminated by the soft lighting in the hallway and felt an unexpected pang of sadness. He paused at the foot of the stairs. “I am truly sorry Kat. For everything.”





CHAPTER ELEVEN



Orlando had the sort of headache Advil or Tylenol couldn’t fix. While Katrina fixed herself a cup of tea in the kitchen, he’d laid out the sheets and one of his shirts on the bed. He wondered if she was lying down there snuggled in his clothing.

God, why had he been such an asshole in the club? He remembered her outside with blazing fury in her eyes and disappointment in her voice.



He remembered the first time he realized he loved Katrina. There were no big fireworks. It wasn’t a spectacle. She wasn’t doing anything special. She hadn’t been decked up in makeup, a figure hugging dress or heels. Katrina had been sitting on the carpet of their first apartment with the instruction manual for putting together their TV stand. She’d thumbed through the pages while absentmindedly chewing on the end of her reading glasses. Neither of them had any clue what they were doing but they were determined to get the job done. They’d argued, laughed, tried and failed for almost three hours before the stand was finally up. Katrina did an uncoordinated jig before throwing herself in his arms and whispering. “We did it!”

“And not a second too soon,” he laughed but he couldn’t take his eyes off of her then. He couldn’t stop gazing at the way her nose crinkled before she laughed or how the happiness radiated around her almost as brightly as the sunshine filtering through the room. In those moments he knew he didn’t want to do life with anyone else. He wanted to do the fun things, the banal things, the scary things and the exciting things with her by his side. How did he forget that moment?



Orlando was still staring up at the ceiling wondering how he managed to come to this moment where he lay alone in his bed missing the love he’d once so willingly let go when he heard the first scream. He scrambled out of bed unable to stop the blood in his veins from turning to ice. Jamie screamed again and didn’t stop. Orlando didn’t know what he expected when he rushed into the room. He was sure the little boy had to be terribly hurt and in physical pain. Did he fall from the bed? Surely, he had to have broken something for him to scream like that. Orlando found him sitting at the edge of the bed shaking and staring off into space. His heart dropped. He knew where the little boy, who’d been filled with excitement when he brought him home, had disappeared to. He knelt in front of the bed and clasped Jamie’s hands in his own. They were cold. He stroked his wet cheek.

“Hey little man,” he said as softly and calmly as he could muster. “I’m here.”

He didn’t stop screaming.

“Wake up,” Jamie wailed. “Wake up momma. Momma why don’t you wake up? I’ll be good momma.”

“I’m here,” he whispered again. He rubbed the little boy’s back willing the trembling to stop. Orlando would give anything to be stuck in the nightmare instead of the child, who held on to him for dear life, but life didn’t operate that way. He had to wait for the night terrors to pass. He gently lifted Jamie from the bed and held him while they both sat on the floor. The minutes stretched on forever although Orlando knew less than five minutes had passed. Jamie burrowed his head further into his shoulder. “Juice?”

“I’m here little man,” he repeated. “I’m here. It will be ok.”

“Where did she go Juice?” he asked.

Orlando wasn’t prepared for the question. He didn’t spend much time thinking about what happened after death. There were too many things he didn’t want to confront. So instead he wiped another tear from Jamie’s cheek and said, “She’s with my momma.”

Jamie sniffled. “Are they happy?”

Orlando thought about it for a while. He wondered if they were in a place where they never had to worry about their next hit or how much they disappointed the one’s they loved. Eventually he nodded. “Yeah Jaybird. I think they are.”

Jamie nodded his head seemingly satisfied with Orlando’s answer.

“Can I have some juice, Juice?”

Orlando breathed with relief. “You can have juice and a cookie.”

Jamie grinned. “Sweet!”

“That might be a bad idea.”

Katrina stood in the doorway wearing the Harvard Law School T-shirt he’d put out for her. She drowned in the shirt but his traitor body responded all the same. Orlando looked away. “Sometimes the bad ideas are the best options.”

She laughed then. “Five year old and excessive sugar before bedtime? I’m sure this isn’t one of them.”

She held out her hand and Jamie scrambled up towards her. “How about we share a cookie and a glass of milk?”

The child nodded enthusiastically and Orlando grinned. He was pretty sure Jamie would agree to anything Katrina suggested. He knew a crush when he saw one.

“I don’t blame you kiddo,” he whispered after they’d left the room. He needed a couple of minutes before he joined them. Jamie’s night terrors arose something deep and dark inside him. Jamie had a long road to go. It was a scary, lonely road even when those you loved walked beside you. He tried to fight his negative feelings. Time healed all wounds but it sure as hell left you different.





CHAPTER TWELVE



Katrina found cookies in a glass jar on the kitchen counter closest to the fridge. She smiled. She guessed some things didn’t change. Orlando always kept sweet treats in the same spot when they lived together.

She handed Jamie half of a chocolate chip cookie and poured a glass of milk. The little boy was still very quiet but she could see him slowly returning to normal. He chatted a bit as she joined him at the breakfast nook with her own glass of milk but Katrina kept glancing at the doorway. Where was Orlando? To say that hearing the loud, persistent screams scared her half asleep, mostly drunken self into frantic awareness was an understatement. She hadn’t known what to expect when she rushed in the direction of Jamie’s cries and was equally saddened and warmed when she entered the room. Tears filled her eyes when she saw the big, often silent and brooding man she used to love so much hold the hysterical child to his chest on the floor. She couldn’t hear what he whispered to Jamie over and over again but she could see the effect it had on him. The white, hot anger she felt at Orlando flowed out then. How could she hate a man who could show such love, protectiveness and devotion to someone he was under no obligation to care for? Orlando had probably been living the kind of bachelor life only a man with his money, social status and living in a big city could muster. Things would obviously get complicated adding a young child in the mix but he was willing to make the sacrifices without any second thoughts. He seemed to be willing to adjust to and cope with any of the challenges raising Jamie would bring. Katrina glanced at the empty hallway again. She wondered if Orlando appreciated raising a child who shared so many similarities with his childhood would bring to light trauma he thought were healed.

She took a big bite of her cookie and told Jamie he could have the rest.

“I’ll be back in a jiffy,” she promised. Once she was satisfied that he was ok, Katrina set off to find Orlando. He was still in Jamie’s room sitting on the floor with his back against the wall. He was still – so scarily still, Katrina wanted to back out of the room and leave him to the privacy of his thoughts but she knew better. Instead of succumbing to the urge to run away Katrina sat beside him.

“You ok?”

His reply was slow and measured.

“I’m not sure,” he said. “It’s been a while since I’ve had to think about that day.”

She wanted to draw him into her arms but she restrained herself, just barely. Orlando never spoke much about his life before the Johnsons and she’d never felt the need to press. He’d casually mentioned that his mother had been a drug addict who sometimes bartered her body for drugs and that she’d died when he was nine. It wasn’t until much later she realized he’d found the body.

“I was older,” he continued. “Man, I was way older than my years would imply. I’d seen all the hard life any human being should live by the time I hit eight. When I found her passed out on the floor, still and cold, I knew it was something different than all of the other times. Damn it Kitty Kat. I still have nightmares even though I looked at her body for less than three minutes before I hightailed my ass out of there. He was with her for nearly two days not understanding what was going on. How do you come back from that? How could you come back from that?”

Her heart kept on breaking. There was no easy answer to his questions but she knew one thing for sure.

“He’s got you,” she encouraged. “You will make sure the darkness doesn’t get him.”

“Suppose I am not enough? Let’s be real. We know that children of addicts are most likely to develop an addiction. People usually turn to something to dull pain. And, he is going to feel pain, Kat. The kind of pain I wouldn’t wish on someone I despised.”

Katrina didn’t know what to say. There were no words powerful enough to dull the painful tension in the room so she did the one thing she knew she shouldn’t. She scooted closer to Orlando rested her head on his chest and slipped her hand into his.

She wasn’t sure how long they sat there with Orlando lost in his thoughts as she focused on his steady heartbeat and warm hand in hers. There were so many nights in the months after the breakup when she thought she’d trade all of her worldly possessions to have him back with her. As time passed he became a mirage. He was made up only of memories, disappointment and regret. But he wasn’t a memory any longer. He was terrifyingly real and his warmth and the steady tha-thump-tha-thump echoing in her ear reminded her that he was just as dangerous to her heart as he was the day he left.





CHAPTER THIRTEEN



Exchange of power. Orlando was shocked when Katrina rested her head on his chest much in the same way Jamie had when he’d comforted him. Yet, instead of providing comfort and security he was the one receiving the comfort he so desperately needed. Katrina had always known when a gentle, soothing presence could be a better balm than any variation of the millions of platitudes people would offer. He remembered the first time he couldn’t hide the extent of his horrifying childhood from her. They had disappeared to Florida for spring break. Other coeds were off to Mexico getting drunk, making risky sexual decisions and living their wildest life but Orlando decided to surprise Katrina with a trip to Disneyworld. It was the kind of thing he’d sworn to JT and Jaxon he would never be caught dead doing but all of that had gone out the window when she’d mentioned over dinner one night that it was the one thing she wished she’d done as a child. They’d had a beautiful day – waiting in lines for more time than they actually rode the rides but it was worth it to see Katrina sauntering around in her favorite pair of blue shorts, a tank top, Minnie mouse ears and a permanent smile on her face.

“You’re the best,” she’d said when they returned to the hotel room later than evening. Then she showed him just how great she thought he was with the kind of frenzied, passionate lovemaking that still made him smile, even now, when he thought about it. He’d fallen asleep happy, sated and with the most beautiful girl in the world snuggled into him. He’d woken up in cold sweat with a scream on his lips and Katrina panicking.

It had been the first nightmare he’d had in a while and Orlando knew he would have to come clean about his past. He’d briefly mentioned his mother’s addiction and overdose but he’d given her the tidy, prepackaged version. He’d given her the version he wanted to live with. That night he sat in a dark hotel room in what was supposed to be the happiest place on earth and spilled his guts. He told her about all the times he had to sit outside on the dirty pavement waiting for his mother to finish pleasing men for money in their small, dinky studio. He told her of all the times he actually walked in on his mother trading the one thing she had left for the drug that had cost them everything. Then, he told her about the time he most often dreamt about. The thing about selling your body for money and drugs was that there was no form of dispute resolution. His mother couldn’t very well walk into a police station and complain when one of her clients refused to give her the money or drugs they’d agreed on. The men knew this and they took advantage of it… often. Orlando wasn’t sure why his mother lost it on Juan Ramirez but she had and the man hadn’t been pleased. He’d grabbed her by her neck until she was writhing, spluttering and begging with wide bulging eyes for him to let her go. He called the woman, who used to read Orlando bedtime stories, a worthless whore and spat in her face. Orlando tried to intervene then but his lanky, nine year old body was no match for nearly three hundred pounds of brutal man. His mother tried to soothe him when Ramirez finally stormed from the apartment but Orlando wanted none of it. He was tired. He was tired of it all. So he screamed at her. He told her she was the worst mother in the world. Then, he ran from the apartment to the pavement five blocks away that he considered his safe spot. He’d left his mother in tears and when he returned she was dead. They told him for years after that the overdose was accidental but Orlando didn’t believe. It turned out that his mother was as tired as he was.

Katrina hadn’t tried to soothe him with worthless words. She let him talk, kissed him softly afterwards then cuddled into him so tightly as they fell back to sleep that her message was clear. You’re not alone. I’m here.



He looked down at the woman he held in his arms. She didn’t just feel like home. She was home. Frustration threatened to outweigh the despair he felt when he thought of Thomas Wolfe and how damned right the man was when he said that you can’t always go home.





CHAPTER FOURTEEN



Katrina fiddled with the pen on her desk as she waited for Sabrina to log on to Skype. Her nerves were shot to pieces and she desperately needed to talk through everything with her friend. She sent Sabrina a text requesting they video chatted almost as soon as she stepped foot into her apartment later that morning.

She’d spent nearly half an hour in Orlando’s arms before Jamie wandered back into his room, spotted them and squeezed in next to Orlando.

“Are you going to live with us too?” he asked. He fitted his little hand into her own and Katrina immediately realized she was playing with fire. The last thing she needed was for Jamie to see her as more than his caseworker, especially if in the end she changed her mind about whether Orlando was the best fit for him.

“No buddy,” she said trying to find the best way to explain the situation to Jamie. “I needed a bit of help last night and Juice let me stay here until things were safe again.”

Brown eyes widened with understanding and Jamie flashed her a gap toothed smile. “Like me!”

“Exactly.” She breathed a relieved sigh. Things went a lot better than she’d expected them to but she replayed the scene over and over even as she finally made her way home.

She needed to come clean to her boss before she dug herself into a hole she couldn’t climb out of.

Sabrina signed into Skype just as she was contemplating the best way to tell her boss she’d been intimately involved with Orlando Johnson years before.

“Don’t do that,” her friend suggested. “Like seriously Kat – don’t do that.”

“It could bite me in the ass.”

Sabrina made a face. “Are you contemplating doing the nasty or otherwise with Mr. Johnson?”

Katrina was taking a sip of coffee when her friend spoke and almost choked on it.

“At this stage you’ve got to be saying these things just to get a rise out of me,” she said.

Sabrina shook her head. “I get my kicks elsewhere. I’m just saying that there’s no need to tell your boss about some University relationship you had.”

Katrina smarted at the causal way her friend dismissed what she and Orlando shared but knew better than to say anything about it. It would send Sabrina spiraling down the rabbit hole. Katrina was neither interested nor had the emotional stamina to go through that.

Hours after she and Sabrina said their goodbyes, Katrina remained curled into her worn, brown leather couch and contemplated her advice. Was she overreacting? She hadn’t made any decisions based on her past relationship with Orlando. Hell, if she were judging based on how she felt about him she would’ve agreed with Wanda just out of spite. Sabrina was right, she decided, as she moved into her small kitchen to fix lunch. She wouldn’t rock a boat that didn’t need rocking.



***



The walls of Dr. Saint-Lee’s waiting room were painted in muted blues and greens. Orlando absentmindedly wondered if the colors were meant to bring a sense of calmness to waiting patients. If that had been the intention, he decided, it failed. Badly. Anxiety formed knots in his stomach and he could not stop the macabre thoughts from flooding his already weary mind. The events of the night before frustrated Orlando and made him sad and a little bit scared for Jamie. The little boy sat next to him, swallowed up in the waiting room chairs, playing on a tablet. He seemed fine, Orlando realized. An outsider would never guess the night Jamie endured.

Orlando had scoffed when everyone pointed out that fostering Jamie was bound to open wounds he preferred closed even if they were only sealed with haphazard, hastily sewn stitches. Of course Captain Obvious, he’d thought when people pulled him aside with concern etched in their faces. The similarity between his and Jamie’s situations was the reason he believed he was the most appropriate foster parent for the young boy and he knew there might be painful moments for them both.

Orlando hadn’t been ready. He hadn’t been ready for the suddenness of the onslaught of pain he felt nor had he been ready for its intensity. He sat with Jamie hoping Dr. Saint-Lee would be able to help the child and acknowledged he probably needed a session of his own. Maybe later, he decided. At the moment Jamie was his main concern.



“Doing okay there little man?” he asked. Jamie looked up from his tablet and flashed him a toothy smile. He had been struggling for the past fifteen minutes to master the game with only one functioning arm.

“You asked me that already,” he said.

Orlando smiled. He had. Five times to be exact. He couldn’t help it. Orlando knew how frequently he hid his anxieties, insecurities and fears behind a smile. He wanted Jamie to know that he could trust him with his feelings, even the dark ones.

“Just making sure,” he said gently.

“Okay.”

Conversation forgotten, Jamie turned back to the game letting out delighted squeals each time he passed a level. Orlando tried to relax. Right in that moment Jamie seemed fine and it would have to be enough.



The session with Dr. Saint-Lee went much differently to what Orlando anticipated. A tall, wiry man with balding hair and a brown suit that blended into his skin ushered Orlando and Jamie into his office after about twenty minutes of waiting. The office was vibrant where the waiting room was muted. The walls were painted a shocking yellow with handprints of different sizes in red, green and blue pressed around the edges. Jamie ran across the small room and gawked at the Minecraft display.

“Look Juice,” he said. “It’s so cool.”

He allowed Jamie to point to things excitedly for a few minutes before he guided him to the large, navy blue loveseat pushed up against the window. Dr. Saint-Lee sat in a chair opposite the couch.

“Good day Jamie,” he said. His tone was warm and reassuring. “Who is this man with you?”

Jamie looked up at Orlando before turning to the psychologist and with a small, shy smile said, “This is Juice. He’s going to be my daddy.”





CHAPTER FIFTEEN



Jackson Johnson was the kind of man Orlando aspired to be. He was, in Orlando’s mind, the epitome of class, brilliance and fairness. He bucked all the stereotypes that it was impossible to be a strong family man and a shrewd businessman at the same time. He’d always been just as devoted to making sound legal arguments in the courtroom as he was about besting the kids at UNO during their weekly game nights.

He was also the first person Orlando thought about speaking with after Jamie’s session. His father was best suited to understand what it took to love and protect someone who had gone through the type of trauma Jamie had. Jackson had to navigate those murky waters while he raised him.

“I tried to keep things realistic,” Orlando said. “I haven’t even told him I would try to adopt him. What if things don’t work out?”

His father placed his hand on his shoulder and squeezed it. “Take it one day at a time.”

Orlando sat with his father in his backyard, enjoying the first hint of spring while trying to take Jackson’s advice to heart. Jackson was dressed down in jeans and a polo shirt with his grey hair cropped close to his head.

“Things will be alright son,” Jackson said before reaching again for his beer. “Trust me.”

Orlando trusted his father in the kind of way you trusted someone who earned your faith and then never let you down. Yet, he still struggled to control his fears. To say he was shocked when Jamie proclaimed to Dr. Saint-Lee that he would be his father didn’t even cover a quarter of the emotions he felt.

It reminded him that Jamie had his own perceptions and expectations about how things should turn out. He had become so caught up in ensuring things went according to plan that he never actually asked Jamie what he thought about the situation. At the same time, it humbled him. Life had given Jamie every reason to distrust anyone who said they would take care of him. His father checked out before he was even born and before his mother got clean she would leave him with relative after relative while she was in search of her high. Despite this, Jamie trusted him. He believed in him. That knowledge was enough to bring him to his knees under the responsibility it imposed.

“I remember when you first came to us,” Jackson was saying. “You were angry enough to skin a cat.”

Orlando laughed even though those memories were still painful. His second to last foster home was sheer hell. Jackson and Jacqueline Johnson snatched him away and then loved him as if he had been theirs from the start.

“You saved me,” he said. Emotion clogged his throat. Orlando did not want to think about what his life could have been.

Jackson shook his head. “We didn’t save you. We just gave you a place to shine.”

It wasn’t nearly that simple and the knowledge hung between them. Orlando was trying to find the words to express the bunch of emotions bundled up in his chest when Jackson laughed.

“At any rate,” his father said. “You’ve got more of my traits than JT ever had. The Universe knew you were my son and conspired to bring you to me.”

Orlando considered himself a level man. It was a trait he had taken on for survival as he grew up and it never really left him. He wasn’t prone to showing huge flares of emotions but those words – oh so simply spoken – unleashed something in him. Those emotions were mirrored in Jackson’s eyes and it was all Orlando could do to stop the tears from falling.

“I love you dad,” he said. He didn’t say it near often enough. There were times, even with action, that things needed to be said.

His father pulled him into a warm hug. “I love you too. I know you better than anyone else Orlando and I know you’ll be fine. You’ve loved Jamie since you laid eyes on him and I’ll bet you anything he’s wanted you to be his dad for just as long. What do you want?”

He wanted to give Jamie a good life: a safe life filled with opportunities where he never had to worry about his caretaker disappearing for days on end. He wanted to be Jamie’s stability. Yet, the idea of being a dad scared him to his core. What if he failed? Supposed he did more harm than good?

“I don’t want to disappoint him,” he said finally. “It isn’t about what I want. What if the Courts decide I’m not a fit adoptive parent? I’m single. I work a lot and my history stinks.”

“You cross that bridge when you get there,” his father said simply. “Until then just focus on being that dad Jamie has been dreaming of.”

Orlando smiled, feeling the pressure lift from him for the first time in hours.

“I think I can manage that.”





CHAPTER SIXTEEN



He sat outside her office in a fitted steel-grey suit with a coffee cup in one hand and a disarming smile. Katrina stopped short, trying to will her body’s impulses back under control. She hadn’t heard from or seen Orlando since the night she’d spent at his house and she’d just about managed to convince herself that he no longer affected her.

She was wrong. She grabbed the straps of her leather bag tightly as if it would steady her.

“Skinny caramel latte,” he said handing her the cup. “Do you still drink it the same way?”

Katrina nodded. “I’m a creature of habit. I always stick to the same order once I find something I like.”

He smiled as she took a sip and Katrina realized her heart was a creature of habit too. Did she still love Orlando? Was it possible? She turned the possibility around in her mind as the flavors of the coffee exploded on her tongue. Showing up with her favorite coffee was a small gesture but reminded her of all the little things she once loved about the man standing in front of her.

“I came by with a special request,” he began. She ushered Orlando into her office and gestured for him to sit in the visitor’s chair. Katrina leaned against the edge of her desk and raised an eyebrow. “Request?”

He nodded. “It comes from a special little human too. Jamie demands you accompany us to Rye Playland this weekend.”

She laughed. “Little man is already running the house isn’t he?”

“He would like to think so,” Orlando said with a small smile. “It just so happens that there is a not so special big human who would like you there as well.”

Heat rushed to Katrina’s cheeks. She should know better. She needed to turn down the request, no matter how appealing it was to her. Katrina wanted nothing more than a fun day out in the sun with the energetic boy and the man who still made her heart beat fast. Yet, she knew a bad decision when it stared her in the face.

“So what do you say?”

He smiled at her, dimples and all, and she felt her resolve go weak. There were a million and one reasons to tell him no but there was one very, strong reason to say yes.

She wanted to.

Oh, so very much.

Katrina took another sip of the coffee. “Well, I’d hate to disappoint special little humans.”

Orlando started to leave and Katrina said with boldness she didn’t know she possessed. “I don’t particularly like disappointing not-so-special big humans either.”



***

Orlando regretted telling JT about his scheme only two seconds after he told him. He should have known better. His brother chuckled.

“You used a child bruh,” JT said. “How desperate are you?”

He didn’t have to think before he responded to JT’s quip.

“Very,” Orlando said. “Desperate enough to use a kid as bait and not even feel guilty about it.”

JT laughed outright before he became serious. He placed his drink on the table between them and sighed.

“I hope you get what you want Orlando,” he said. “There’s nothing worse than having the person you love within arms reach and not being able to hold them.”

Orlando could tell from the far away look in his brother’s eyes that JT was thinking of all the time he spent loving his best friend turned fiancée, Hallie, from afar. Yet, their situations were so different. Orlando had Katrina and he stupidly let her go. He wasn’t sure he would ever forgive himself for that… even if he somehow managed to win her back. He thought about how much of each other’s lives they missed over the last decade and felt a new sense of loss.

“Where did you disappear to?” JT asked, his voice even more somber than it was before.

“Just thinking about how much easier life would’ve been if I’d listened to you.”

His brother smiled sadly at him. “Do you have any idea the teasing you just opened yourself up to?” Then, after several seconds he spoke again. “Maybe you weren’t meant to listen to me ‘Lando. Maybe the Universe wasn’t ready for you two then but is now.”

Orlando liked that idea. It sat better with him than the unsettling feeling he was going to regret letting Katrina go for the rest of his life.





CHAPTER SEVENTEEN



Katrina checked herself over in the mirror hanging at the back of her bedroom door. She was satisfied that the pair of black Capri pants she chose alongside the red Keep Calm and Carry On branded T-shirt would allow her to have comfortable fun. That was unless her nerves got to her first. Katrina and Orlando’s first real date had been to a pop-up amusement park during free time they managed to carve out when they should have been studying for midterms. She smiled a little when she remembered how nervous he was. He’d worn a buttoned down burgundy dress shirt, khaki pants and the kind of quiet sophistication that should have made her suspect he came from money. He never did tell her he belonged to one of the richest Black families in the US. She’d confronted him about it when she overheard gossiping one morning in the Sociology class they shared and he just brushed it off.

“I am not my family,” he said easily. “I’m also not my family’s money. I’ve had nothing and I’ve had everything, it hasn’t changed who I am.”

Katrina hadn’t understood at the time what he meant by he had had nothing but hadn’t queried. His reaction had done enough to quell the small stirrings of inadequacy she’d felt when she realized who Orlando was. It wasn’t until later, much later, she understood just how rough his childhood had been.

They sat on a wobbly, wooden bench at the end of their first date and shared the most vibrantly pink, sickeningly sweet cotton candy. In those moments, against the hustle and bustle of the fair, Katrina could barely imagine how much he would come to mean to her. She’d never envisioned losing him would cause her to collapse into herself and leave a scar time would never completely heal.

“Don’t go there Kat,” she whispered as she applied the deep red lipstick she’d decided on. Showing up to the outing in a foul mood would do more than create tension between her and Orlando. It could possibly ruin Jaime’s first fun day out in a long time. Katrina was willing to push her emotions to one side to ensure the little boy had a good day. The overhead clock announced it was nearly seven AM and she anticipated Orlando would pick her up at any moment so she finished gathering her things and made her way to the front of her building to wait.

The day was sunny with sweet, balmy breezes that made Katrina smile. It was a perfect day for a trip to an amusement park. She imagined it was a windows down, hair blowing in the breezes, face kissed by the sun kind of day. Orlando pulled up in a silver Range Rover a few minutes after she stepped outside.

“I thought you didn’t own a car,” she said once she got inside. She’d somehow expected him to show up for her in a cab and then they’d head to Fordham Road station so they could catch the train. She slid into the comfortable leather seats and decided this was a much better way to travel.

“Juice let me choose.”

She turned and smiled brightly at Jamie who sat comfortably in the back munching on Doritos. “Is that so sweetie?”

He nodded so vigorously he almost dislodged the kid-sized pair of sunshades from his face. “Right Juice?”

Orlando laughed. “It was the only way to get him up and ready by six thirty.”

Orlando turned to face her and Katrina realized he was wearing identical shades to Jamie’s for the first time. A closer look at his pale green shirt and plaid shorts made her do a double take at the child’s outfit.

“You’re matching!” she said through delighted laughter. It was the cutest thing she’d seen in a long time.

“Yeah,” Jamie shouted from the back. “It’s so people can see we belong to each other.”

It’s so people can see we belong to each other.

Katrina’s entire heart lodged in her throat.

“Good idea,” she said to Jamie, aware of how her voice cracked. “It’s really important people know you guys belong to each other.”

She looked up at Orlando and squeezed his hand. “You’re a good man Mr. Johnson.”

He only smiled at her. They were almost ten minutes into their drive from the Bronx when he spoke again.

“Someday I plan to get you into a matching outfit too.”





CHAPTER EIGHTEEN



Orlando was in trouble. He was wise enough to admit it even if so far he hadn’t uttered the words out loud. His trip to Rye Playland with Jamie and Katrina the day before was perfect. The three of them meshed so well together that his heart ached a bit. Katrina was just as he imagined she would be with children. She was bubbly, a little bit goofy, firm but oh so tender with Jamie. She’d handled tantrums with the same easy grace she handled the impromptu hugs the little boy was prone to giving her during the day. Orlando never thought he could be jealous of a five year old but he couldn’t help but feel a bit envious each time Katrina wrapped Jamie up in her arms and kissed his cheek.

Jamie, with a bit of help from Orlando, was able to win Katrina an oversized teddy bear and she rewarded him with another one of those hugs and a large Slurpee. It set the tone for the entire day. Jamie was high on sugar and his obvious adoration for the woman who was quickly reclaiming Orlando’s heart.

At the end of the day, they were worn out from all the rides, stuffed full of too much junk food and laughing at the good time they had. Jamie chattered for half of the drive before he dozed off almost midsentence, clutching the stuffed dog Orlando had won for him just before they were ready to go.

“I feel like I’ve failed you,” Katrina said. The quiet statement made his stomach lurch. What was she talking about? If it was anything, he was the one who completely and possibly irreversibly screwed things up. When he finally got the courage to glance off the road to where she sat, he realized she was smiling.

“Failed me how?” he asked feeling confused.

“Jamie won me an animal and you won him his toy. I feel like I should’ve made an attempt to win you something to cuddle.”

Orlando knew better. He knew he shouldn’t rise to the bait but he did anyway.

“The only thing I want to cuddle is you,” he said quietly. He hoped she could hear the earnestness in his voice but Katrina stiffened.

“Orlando,” she said softly.

“Kitty-Kat,” he responded knowing once the words left his mouth that he’d made another mistake.

“Don’t,” she said softly but with the same firmness she used on Jamie when he misbehaved.

His stupid, reckless move changed the entire mood of the day and Orlando spent the rest of the drive to her apartment wishing he could take them back.

“Deep in thought?”

Grams Nona stood near the porch swing he’d disappeared to while he tried to make sense of his thoughts after his family’s weekly Sunday dinner.

He didn’t know how she did it but his grandmother seemed to be aging in reverse. He gave the elderly woman a hug.

“When am I not?” he teased. She sat beside him and rested her head on his shoulder with a laugh. “This is true. What’s bothering you Hedgehog?”

There was a time when Orlando would cringe at the nickname his grandmother had given to him but now he just smiled at her fondly. Grams Nona said that when he first arrived to the family he was adorable but prickly as hell and he reminded her of a hedgehog. She didn’t use that affectionate name until months later once he started to settle in. It was as if she knew, instinctively, when its use wouldn’t have sent all of his walls barreling back up.

He started to tell her about Katrina but continued to stumble over the words. She placed a hand on his shoulder and hugged him. Orlando wondered if she knew just how much the small action calmed him.

“Let me guess,” she said and pretended to think about it for a while. “Problems with a woman? You and your brothers have reassigned this swing for thinking about affairs of the heart.”

He laughed despite his foul mood because, as usual, Grams Nona was right. Jaxon had spent many hours brooding right where Orlando now sat when things were complicated between him and his now wife, Maya. JT similarly disappeared out here to mope about how things had been going with him and Hallie.

“If only I could have their luck,” he said with a grimace.

Maya and Jaxon worked things out, got married and had a baby on the way and JT was marrying Hallie in a month’s time.

“Tell me about her,” his grandmother suggested.

And so he did. He told her about the little details he had long ago forgotten. He told her about how it felt to have her, to let her go and now to have her within arms reach again. He told her about how it felt knowing she was likely to remain there. His grandmother listened to it all without much interruption. Then she turned to him with so much love and pity in her eyes that his heart broke all over again.

“I wish I could tell you it will all work out,” she sighed. “But you’re right. We don’t always get a do over.”

Silence stretched like the horizon between them before she spoke again.

“Life is unexpected my hedgehog. Even the most impossible things can happen.”

He shook his head. “Unlikely.”

Grams Nona shrugged. “I’d like to think sometimes the Universe conspires to get us right where we belong.”

It echoed JT’s sentiment. Orlando smiled. He couldn’t wait to tell his brother that he and his grandmother finally agreed on something.

His grandmother pointed to Jamie running full speed after his mother’s toy dogs, Delphine and Bert, with a cone of ice cream in his hand.

“What were the chances that this little boy would have ended up with you of all people? What were the chances that Katrina would have not only moved to New York but was assigned to this particular case? What were the chances that a year ago you walked into a community program and put in an application to be a big brother and Jamie fell so far in love you that he wanted you most when his life fell apart?”

She kissed his cheek and got up without waiting for a response. “Invite Katrina to dinner. I’d love to meet her again after all these years.”

“I’m not sure how I’d accomplish that,” he admitted.

His grandmother grinned at him. “Trick her like you did with the theme park.”

Orlando rolled his eyes. “I guess JT has been blabbing his mouth again.”

“I blame you for that hedgehog,” his grandmother said with a howl of laughter. “If you wanted it to be a secret, you should’ve told Jasper.”

He stayed in that swing long after his grandmother left knowing she was right. Orlando wasn’t sure what the Universe expected of him but he knew the next couple months would be one hell of a ride.





CHAPTER NINETEEN



Katrina couldn’t make herself calm down. Her frantic heartbeats, sweaty palms and rapid fire thoughts would have easily been explained if she had stopped at Starbucks for the largest iced latte they had with extra pumps of syrup, chocolate and whip cream before coming to the office. Except, she hadn’t. She had spent so much time going over every detail of her day trip to Rye Playland with Sabrina that she’d barely managed to swallow two mouthfuls of her already cold peppermint tea before she had to rush from the apartment. Everything changed when she turned the corner of the hallway leading to her office and saw him leaning against her door with a coffee in hand.

“What are you doing here?” she said when she was close to him. If she pushed her body a couple of inches forward she would be pressed against him. And, oh how she longed to be. They had ended their perfect day out with tense silence and she’d regretted it for the rest of the weekend. She didn’t want him trying to get past the walls she’d erected for her own protection. Or, did she? It was hard for her to tell when the scent of his cologne tickled her nose and the closeness of his body heated her blood up several degrees.

“I wanted to see you.”

He said it easily. Softly. He said it like if it was the simplest thing in the world. There was nothing simple about this.

“Orlando…”

He silenced her with a small smile and pushed the cup of coffee into her hand.

“Don’t say anything,” he whispered. “I spent the entire night picturing your face and now that I’m in front of you, I realize I didn’t do you justice. Thanks for making my day Kitty-Kat.”

He leaned towards her and for a few seconds Katrina thought he would kiss her. He didn’t. Instead, he stepped away and began to walk down the hall. She watched him go with an ache in her gut. If Orlando had tried to kiss her she would have kissed him back. Katrina sighed, sipped at her coffee and strolled into her office realizing just how bitterly disappointed she was he hadn’t even tried.



***

Katrina thought about the near kiss for the entire day. It skirted around the edges of her mind as she reviewed case files and set up meetings with the foster parents of the children she’d placed. It kept her calm while she tried to fight off the urge to smack Wanda when the woman stormed into her office, uninvited, to offer her unsolicited opinion on a case that had nothing to do with her. She tried to imagine how his lips would have felt against hers, tongue teasing her lips and body pressed to hers as she stood on a too hot, too packed train on her way home after work. It seemed that no matter how hard she tried, Katrina couldn’t think about anything else. She’d always enjoyed kissing Orlando. It was like their mouths waltzed together in a rhythm of fiery heat. She remembered the last time they kissed. It was a small peck on his lips before she moved out of bed to prepare breakfast. If she had known it would be the last time she might have spent some more time exploring the lips that were as familiar as her very own. What would it be like to fall into Orlando’s arms after all these years? Would it be familiar, like coming home? Or would it be like dropping an atomic bomb in the middle of her life?

Katrina was still contemplating this when her phone buzzed. She glanced at the ID and her breath caught. She let it ring longer than she had to before she finally brought the phone to her ears.

“What do you want Orlando?”

She managed to lace her voice with tired patience she didn’t feel.

“To take you to dinner,” he said. “We can have anything you want.”

The only appropriate answer would be turning him down. Yet those words did not come out of her mouth. She was feeling reckless and Katrina couldn’t think of one damn thing she wanted more than to be near this man she’d sworn she had learned to stop loving.

“I can be ready in half an hour,” she said instead.

“I’ll be there Kitty-Kat.”

And damn it if her blood didn’t run hot.





CHAPTER TWENTY



“When will you be back?”

Jamie spun the bar stool around and dipped his chocolate chip cookie in the mug of warm milk Orlando had just handed him.

Orlando finished the last three buttons of the pale blue Oxford shirt he’d pulled from his closet as soon as Katrina agreed to grab dinner with him.

“A couple of hours.”

He searched Jamie’s face for anxiety. He wanted some alone time with Katrina. Hell, he could hardly put into words just how much he wanted that time. It didn’t matter how much he wanted to see if tonight would be the night he’d finally get to remind himself of how her lips tasted, however. If Jamie expressed even the slightest bit of discomfort at him leaving him on such late notice he wouldn’t go. Jamie was, and would be for the rest of his life, Orlando’s priority. And damn it if Jamie’s bottom lip didn’t do a little wobble even if he tried to stay brave.

“You sure Juice?” he asked. “Just a couple of hours?”

Orlando didn’t have to think about his decision. He grabbed one of the cookies Jamie had lying around and gave the five year old a light tickle. “Let’s make that zero hours. Go and grab your favorite movie and we’ll eat junk food on the couch.”

“Sweet.”

The boy’s squeal and clumsy dash made Orlando chuckle even though he dreaded the call he had to make next. He hated flaking on Katrina especially when he was trying to prove to her that he could be rock solid but life wasn’t always simple.

She answered on the second ring. “You’re outside already? I’m almost done.”

“I’m not. I’m sorry I can’t make it.”

“You can’t?”

His emotions buoyed when he heard the disappointment in her voice that she hadn’t masked quickly enough.

“Jamie expected me to stay with him tonight. He seemed a little anxious about me calling a babysitter. I want him to know he can count on me.”

“I understand,” she said. He could hear warmth in her voice and the tension in his shoulders relaxed. “Maybe some other time?”

“I’ll hold you to that.”



***

The doorbell rang as Jamie laughed at Lightning McQueen’s antics on the big screen TV. They were sitting on the large, navy blue couch in the living room with Jamie using Orlando’s lap as a cushion. Orlando had seen Cars and all of its sequels more times than he cared to count so he was content with catching up on work emails while Jamie entertained himself.

He scooped Jamie up and hoisted him over his shoulder much to the little boy’s delight.

“Did you order pizza when I wasn’t looking little man?” he teased.

Jamie laughed. Those deep belly laughs were becoming more common and they made Orlando feel ten thousand feet tall.

“No Juice,” he squealed. “I didn’t.”

“Well hopefully it’s pizza anyway,” Orlando said as he swung the door open.

Katrina stood on the other side wearing grey slacks and a pink shirt with her hair pulled back looking like the answer to all his dreams.

“I don’t have pizza,” she laughed. “But I did bring spaghetti and meatballs. Homemade. The famous Bolton recipe. Can I come in Jamie? I know I’m crashing your night.”

Jamie smiled shyly and buried his head in the crook of Orlando’s neck. He was so smitten with Katrina that Orlando had to chuckle.

Me and you both, he thought. He stepped aside and allowed Katrina to come in.

“How did you get here?”

She made a face and then smiled. “The way most of us common folk get around. Uber.”

“Touché.”

“Let me just get this food warmed up.”

She led the way to the kitchen and Orlando tried his best to stare at anything but the sway of her hips and her gorgeous ass. He didn’t want little eyes watching his actions and thinking leering was okay.

“So what have you guys been up to?”

She engaged Jamie in animated conversation while she plated the food and popped them into the microwave. Jamie, no longer star struck, discussed the entire plot of Cars with the serious concentration only a five year old could pull off.

“That sounds like something I would like,” Katrina was saying. She cast a sly look to Orlando. “You think we could break house rules and eat in the living room.”

He laughed. “That was never a rule in the Gregory-Johnson household.”

A weird look crossed her face but it was gone so quickly, Orlando wondered if he imagined it. Katrina began to speak, stopped and then turned to Jamie. “Take your the plate to the living room, cupcake. Will you get the movie started for us?”

Katrina waited until Jamie was out of sight before she crossed the distance between them. She rose on the balls of feet and planted a soft kiss on his lips.

“The Gregory-Johnson household?” she whispered. “You are an amazing, amazing man Orlando Johnson. How will I stop myself from falling in love with you?”





CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE



How will I stop myself from falling in love with you?

Foot meet mouth, Katrina thought with a small chuckle. Yet, she couldn’t bring herself to care. Something shifted in her at the casual way Orlando showed how much he’d chosen to incorporate Jamie into his life. The wall was weakening. Hell, who was she kidding? There were no barriers left. Orlando’s complete and utter devotion to Jamie was like an earthquake to the reinforcement built around her heart.

Her mind had conjured up a million reasons when he’d cancelled their dinner date. Did he decide he’d rather be doing work? Did one of the legions of women she liked to imagine he dated suddenly become available? The last thought made her bitterer than she would ever admit. She melted when he told her it was because he wanted Jamie to feel safe.

When she managed to pick herself up from the puddle she’d become on the floor, Katrina decided two things. She was going to cook him and Jamie a nice meal. Then, she was going to go over there and seduce Orlando Johnson.

She’d had the pots going before she could think the plan through. Everything would be okay, she reasoned. People had sex all the time without attaching feelings to it. Feelings were sometimes an albatross. She could see if the years had exaggerated the way he made her body feel without tripping into her feelings and drowning in them.

Now, she wasn’t so sure. Suddenly she didn’t seem very safe anymore. Katrina knew the reasonable option was to create an excuse, leave and ice him out until her confession could be forgotten. She had started speaking too but then suddenly Orlando’s lips were moving hungrily over her own and Katrina couldn’t think of a single place in the world she needed to be other than there in his arms.

She wanted to stay there intertwined with him but soon stepped out of his embrace. Katrina could still feel the pressure of his lips, like a phantom, on hers.

“Jamie could be back at any second,” she explained when she saw the confusion in his eyes.

“His bedtime is eight-thirty,” he said after a few beats passed. There was a question in his statement and Katrina knew he was more invested in the answer than he wanted to let on. Her answer changed everything. She would be crossing the invisible line she’d drawn in the sand if she decided to stay. Katrina glanced at her watch before fixing her gaze on Orlando. “I’ll wait.”



***

Waiting wasn’t as simple as Katrina thought it would be. She paid attention to all of Jamie’s favorite parts of the movie but she couldn’t stop her body from reacting to the man sitting next to her. He flashed her a sly smile each time she shifted positions in the couch. She saw the heat she felt mirrored in his eyes. Katrina glanced at her watch – 8:15. Had time slowed down just to mess with them? Orlando must have been thinking the same thing because not nearly two seconds later he told Jamie it was time to get ready for bed. The little boy whined but accepted Orlando’s hand all the same.

“We’re gonna get bathed, read to and cuddled,” he said to Katrina. “Then I’ll be back for you.”

Sexual energy crackled in the air. Katrina expected alarm bells to go off around them with the way the very molecules to singe.



She tried to find something quick and easy on Netflix to distract herself but couldn’t stop her mind from wandering to what she hoped was to come. Katrina threw her head back and laughed. She was acting like some love struck teenager about to have sex with her boyfriend for the first time. Katrina was sure she hadn’t acted that way the first time she and Orlando had sex. They’d kept things fairly casual for the first weeks of dating. Later they both found out it was because neither of them could work up the courage to try to take it to the next level. In the end, Boys II Men made that decision for them. They had returned to his dorm room after pizza or Chinese and he’d turned on his radio to lighten the atmosphere as they chatted. Katrina had curled into him when the band began to croon about making love and not letting go. Orlando’s eyes were filled with laughter when she was brave enough to look at him.

“I think the radio read my mind,” he said softly and sweetly.

They didn’t speak for a long, long time after that and Katrina believed she’d found her happy ending when she woke up the next day in his arms.

The thought threatened to be a cold bucket of water to the face but she pushed the fear away. She wasn’t the same naïve, little girl. A fuck did not a love story make.

Her phone snapped her out of her thoughts. She looked at the ID and Sabrina’s round face smiled up at her. Katrina rolled her eyes. Her best friend had nothing if not impeccable timing.

“Yes?” she said sweetly when she answered.

“What are you doing?”

Katrina took a deep breath and said the words quickly so that they all ran into each other, “I’m at Orlando’s. I think I might be spending the night.” She braced for her friend’s response.

“Sorry. Come again,” Sabrina said. After a few minutes she said, “I feel like I’m missing a huge chunk of information here…”

Katrina began to talk but then she heard Orlando’s footsteps heading back down the hallway.

“I have to go…”

“And by go you mean… go screw Orlando, go? Katrina?”

Sabrina’s voice was laced with what could be humor or panic.

“I’ll call you tomorrow.”

She hung up before Sabrina could get another word in. Orlando stood off to the side with his arms folded and a large grin on his face. Katrina tried to catch her breath. Damn she wished he would stop smiling.

“Letting the cavalry know where you at in case you go missing?”

“I’ll take my chances,” she said. She pushed herself up from the couch and crossed the distance between them. He placed his hand to her cheek. “I’ve missed you Katrina.”

He said it fervently, like a prayer.

“Really?” she managed to say. “Show me how much.”





CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO



Show me how much.

Orlando didn’t have nearly enough time or self-restraint to show Katrina how much he missed her but he was willing to try. He tipped her chin up towards him and brought his lips to hers. She tasted like sweetness and loss but Orlando didn’t want to focus on that. He had her now, even if it was just for that one night, and he was determined to make the most of it.

“Let’s go to bed,” he said. He needed to have her laid out before him where he could worship at her body’s altar. Then, he wanted to pull her into his arms and kiss her until she could understand the pent up emotions that continued to bruise his soul.

Orlando could feel the light-hearted bubble in his stomach turn to lead and tried his best to stop the melancholy. Now was not the time. He would think about how much he managed to fuck things up later when he was alone with the ceiling for company and the memory of how good she felt in his arms.

Katrina sat on the king sized bed with her feet dangling off the edge. She looked as vulnerable as he felt. Orlando knelt before her, placed his hands around her waist and kissed her again. He ran his tongue along the inside of her lips – sucking, nipping and savoring the way she moved against him. She linked her hands around his neck and deepened the kiss and Orlando found it hard to hold on to his fraying self-control. Orlando kissed along her cheek, jaw and earlobes relishing the feel of her body trembling beneath him.

“I’m going to savor every inch of you,” he promised. “It’s been too long.”

He helped her remove her blouse and stayed still for a while as he took in the barely-there scraps of red lace covering her full, round breasts. She’d come to him wanting to have sex, he realized. Orlando couldn’t stop the smile from forming on his lips.

“You wanted to torture me.”

He grasped her nipple between his thumb and index finger and twisted them gently until she let out a breathy moan. Then, he replaced his fingers with his mouth. He sucked and grazed her nipple until her hands found the back of his head and pulled him closer. He wondered if she was teetering on the edge of self-control like he was. He couldn’t even string a coherent thought together. He unclipped the flimsy, peach bra so that she was bare before him. He took in the smooth, roundness of her brown breasts and her nipples, puckered up ready for his tongue. Katrina had always been a beauty but the years had blessed her with the type of effortless sexiness some women gained with age. His cock strained against his pants.

“I’m not sure how much patience I have,” he confessed. “I want you.”

“I never asked you to be patient,” she shot back reclining on the bed and hooking the waistband of her sweatpants with her thumb. She pulled them down slowly – inch by agonizing inch. Her panties were scraps of silk that matched perfectly with the bra they had discarded on the floor.

“Jesus,” he breathed. “I need you.”

She laughed and the soulful, breathy sound was almost his undoing. “You don’t need me.”

The seconds passed and then she smiled slyly as she spoke, “You’re going to have me anyway.”

Katrina pulled herself up and kissed him. Her kisses were laced with a bit of the desperation he felt straining hard against his pants.

I never asked you to be patient, she’d said. The urge to go fast was hard to overcome but Orlando wouldn’t do that. He didn’t know if this would be the very last time they would be together. He wanted her to lie awake at nights remembering how his lips felt against her skin even if he were damning himself to the same fate. His hands roamed freely. He massaged the base of her spine, cupped her ass and pulled her closer to him all the while trying not to drown under the haze of lust he felt. Orlando peeled her panties off, desperate to get to as close to her as humanly possible. She was hot, wet and tight.

“Katrina…”

He called her name like it was a prayer. As if he were a sinner and she was his only shot at salvation.

Orlando found her clit and made firm, circular motions until she was mewling against him. He alternated between stroking her and sliding his finger in and out of her warmth until her small cries became a crescendo and her body shook. Katrina looked up at him with wide, lust filled eyes. Her eyelids were heavy with want. “I need you.”

“You don’t need me,” he managed to whisper. “But you’re going to have me anyway.”

Then he kissed her. “Right after I drive you crazy.”





CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE



Katrina tried to take a deep breath but her lungs burned just as much her body did. Her need for him was poison running through her veins and he had the only antidote. Except, Orlando was in no hurry to end her torture. Before she could respond his hands were on her again, stroking and touching her in places that drew feverish cries of pleasure from her lips. She wanted to call out his name but her mind couldn’t formulate the words. Or anything, for that matter. She couldn’t think of anything other than how much she wanted him buried deep inside her. He eased her back on the bed and hovered over her.

“You’re so beautiful,” he was saying but Katrina paid him no mind. She was too busy reacting to the way he pinched and teased her nipple. She arched her back trying to get closer and he chuckled.

“Easy there,” he whispered and then his lips were on hers again. He trailed along her jaw and gently bit at her neck before he moved his lips lower. Soon enough his warm mouth replaced his fingers around her nipple and she bucked against him. He sucked, nipped and licked until Katrina was sure she would combust from it all. She tried to form the words to beg him to put her out of her misery when he started trailing further down her body. Anticipation curled in her stomach and when he finally found the spot that ached for him, Katrina breathed a sigh of relief. He brought her to the cusp of an orgasm before he suddenly stopped.

“Not yet,” he said. Amusement skirted around the edges of his voice and she was about to tell him off when he kissed her with lips covered with her desire for him. She grabbed the hem of his shirt and started to pull it over his head. It was time to even the playing field.

“Help,” she said. It came out as a demand and they both laughed. Within a couple of seconds he was naked before her. Katrina tried to swallow the lust that formed a ball in her throat. The years had been a lot kinder to Orlando than she’d imagined. She ran her hand down his bare chest.

“Your turn.”

He shook his head. “I’m out of patience.”

She kissed his jaw line. “Finally.”

Orlando nudged her legs further open with his thigh and eased into her. Katrina bit at her bottom lip… hard. She needed to remember that there was a child down the hall who wouldn’t understand that her screams were down to pleasure. His slow, deep thrusts stoked the fire deep in her belly. Katrina wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled him tighter, deeper until there was nothing left but the way his hardness felt against her wet heat. The orgasm stunned her. There was no slow burn towards the end. She exploded so violently that she didn’t even cry out. She couldn’t catch her breath, her thoughts or control the electric shocks that pulsed through her body. Katrina stared at Orlando, dazed, as his thrusts became erratic as he sought his own release. He came with her name on his tongue and Katrina’s heart clenched. It brought her crashing back to earth. What the hell had she done? What happened to self-preservation? She barreled head first into a situation that wouldn’t end well. Yes, the sex had been explosive but that was all it was … sex. Suddenly Orlando’s weight felt like it was suffocating her. She squirmed and tried to move herself from under him. He rolled to the side and tried to pull her into a cuddle but Katrina sat up instead.

“Are you okay?”

The concern in his eyes made Katrina spiral even further. She nodded, not trusting herself to speak. Orlando continued looking at her as if he could find all the answers in the expression on her face but he didn’t contradict her.

“Hungry? I don’t have pizza but I might have some pizza bites in the freezer.”

The simple question was another shard to her already raw heart. Katrina was often ravenous after sex. Orlando used to tease her about it all through their time together but always obliged her. They usually ended up eating cold pizza or soggy fries as they waited for the post-coital adrenaline to fade.

“You remember,” she said hating that her voice broke.

“I remember everything,” Orlando replied. He brought his hand to her cheek and swiped away the tear she wasn’t able to hold back. “I fucked up Katrina. I will spend the rest of my life regretting that but please, please don’t shut me out.”

“This was a mistake,” she said. She needed to get out of there. She couldn’t be strong around him, she realized. She never had and her weakness nearly broke her once. The six months after Orlando left were a blur. Katrina often wondered if she would ever be able to pull herself together. Somehow she had managed but Katrina wasn’t sure she would a second time.

“Katrina…”

“I’ll just get an Uber.”

She started gathering her clothes because it gave her something to do other than look at Orlando. Her willpower was weakening under the quiet resignation that shadowed his eyes.

“It’s late. You can use the guest room.”

She shook her head and reached for the one line of reasoning she knew would resonate with him.

“I don’t want Jamie to wake up to me here again. We don’t want to give him the wrong idea.”

“Don’t,” Orlando said softly. There was an edge to his voice this time. “Don’t use Jamie as an excuse.”

She started to say she wasn’t. She wanted to argue that she was being responsible but the response died in her throat. Orlando wasn’t a fool and she wouldn’t treat him like one.

“I thought I could handle it,” she admitted. “I cannot. I don’t want to fall in love with you again.”

“Would that be such a bad thing?”

She felt the stirrings of anger.

“Would that be such a bad thing?” she said. “I don’t know O, it didn’t actually work out all that great for me the first time.”

“Kat…”

“I loved you,” she continued. “I didn’t love your connections. I didn’t give a rat’s ass about your money or past. I didn’t care about anything but you and you let me go.”

“Katrina…”

“You nearly fucking broke me and you don’t get to have another shot at it.”

She horrified herself by crying. Once the tears started she couldn’t stop them. They weren’t dainty. They weren’t cute. They were as bitter, raw and ugly as the things she felt inside.

He reached out for her and she didn’t have the strength to fight him as he pulled her into his arms. He still felt like home and Katrina resented him for that. She resented herself for still wanting him.

“I’m sorry,” he said again. His voice was thick with the sorrow that hung like a cloud in the air between them. “It is cliché but I was young and stupid. I took you for granted. I thought I knew what love was but I didn’t. I wish I could go back and change things. I wish I didn’t steal nearly a decade of our lives with my ignorance. But I did, Kitty Kat. I can’t take it back…”

“Don’t call me that…”

“You said you don’t want to fall in love with me again,” Orlando said. “I never stopped loving you.”

He stank of regret and anguish.

“I’ll spend the rest of my life making it up to you,” he said. “I’ll even give you Calliope.”

The offbeat statement broke the tension, as Katrina was sure he hoped it would. She couldn’t stop the small laugh. “You reek of desperation.”

He hugged her tighter. “I do.”

Calliope. Wistfulness surged through her. She and Orlando spent many, many hours discussing their future children. They tried to imagine how the child would look or which traits they would each pass on. They both agreed they would love their babies to have Orlando’s eyes and Katrina’s lips but could never agree on a name. None of the names were as divisive as Calliope though. She loved the phonetics and the meaning while Orlando often argued that the little girl would be better off named ‘it’. He’d often said it was the one thing he would never compromise on.

“We could have had a great future,” she said eventually.

“We still can.”

Katrina sighed. “I’m sorry.”

She disentangled herself from him and continued gathering her clothes. She expected him to fight as she ordered an Uber and waited for it to arrive but he didn’t. He didn’t ask her to stay as she walked to the grey Sedan when it pulled up outside. Katrina, like Lot’s wife, couldn’t resist looking back as she drove away. Orlando stood shirtless on the stoop staring at the headlights of the car. She should be grateful he seemed to have come to terms with her wishes. Instead, she felt like her world had ended all over again.





CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR



Orlando spent the next two days trying to understand how his night with Katrina had become such a disaster. Jamie spent much of the morning after Katrina left trying to figure out why Orlando was so grumpy. Eventually he placated the child by telling him he was feeling ill. Jamie spent the rest of the day giving him all of his favorite snacks and allowing him to control the remote. He smiled, even now, when he thought about how kind and considerate the little boy was. Inviting Jamie into his life had been one of the best decisions he ever made. He thought of Katrina and tightened his grip around the dumbbell he held. Leaving Katrina was easily his worst. Two nights ago he had the subjects of both his best and worst decisions under the same roof. He’d spent much of the last two days in the Manhattan gym he and his brothers were members of. Orlando pushed himself on the high tech cardio machines until he couldn’t feel anything but oxygen burning his lungs like battery acid. He lifted weights until his muscles were as fatigued as his emotions were. Nothing worked. It didn’t matter how fast he ran on the treadmill. Orlando couldn’t outrun the sadness in Katrina’s eyes when she told him she wouldn’t give him the chance to break her. He hadn’t lied when he told Jamie he was ill. Unfortunately a handful of ibuprofen couldn’t dull the pain he felt and a massage couldn’t loosen the knot in his stomach. The irony of heartbreak was that the one thing to soothe it was always its cause. They said that time healed all wounds but Orlando didn’t want time. He’d already had enough time to think of the mess he’d made of things. He’d had nearly a decade without Katrina in his life. He knew he missed her but he hadn’t realized just how much until he had heard her voice again. How the hell was he supposed to let her go?



Jaxon didn’t have an answer for him when he posed the question later that night. Jasper was too preoccupied with his phone to offer much advice and JT was uncharacteristically quiet. Orlando guessed he was well and truly screwed if JT didn’t have anything to say.

They met at Jasper’s Greenwich apartment for their weekly games session. Poker had become boring since they all knew Jaxon would lose so they decided on Dominoes this time around. The first game was played in mostly silence before Orlando opened up about what happened with Katrina. The game was left abandoned while Jaxon tried his best to offer Orlando some kind of solution. They’d settled into Jasper’s living room with their drinks. Orlando propped a cushion behind his head as he sunk into the leather couch. His babysitter was on the clock for the next two hours and he was determined to have some idea of what he needed to do by then. The rational, responsible part of him knew he should respect her wishes. He had put her through hell, he now realized. He knew he had hurt her but it was an entirely different ballgame feeling that hurt come off her in waves and seeing the tears in her eyes.

“I fucked up.”

He waited on JT to remind him that he had warned him but he realized JT was busy watching Jasper fiddling with his phone. Orlando glanced at Jaxon. His brother shrugged at him. They were no closer to finding out what the hell was going on between JT and Jasper but it was becoming tiring. Orlando wasn’t sure if it was the way JT held his body or just how focused he seemed to be on their baby brother but he knew JT was about to erupt. Things had been relatively quiet between them for the night and Orlando had hoped it would stay that way. He couldn’t remember the last time they had a games night with no walkouts or drama.

“What do you think I should do Jasper?” he asked before JT could say whatever it was he was dying to blurt out.

Jasper looked up from his phone like the sound of his name pulled him from a trance. “Sorry, what?”

“What are you doing on that phone man?” Jaxon asked with a chuckle. “You’ve been glued to it all night. The first rule of game night is leaving work at the office.”

“I’m just finishing up something,” Jasper said.

“I wish you’d really finish it up.”

JT took a large gulp of his beer before placing it on Jasper’s coffee table. He stared at Jasper as if he was daring him to challenge the comment. If he wanted a reaction from Jasper, he’d have to wait for it. Jasper put his phone down and turned to Orlando. “Give her a bit of space. Maybe she will come around.”

It was good advice but Orlando was too busy trying to figure out what the hell JT was alluding to.

“Thanks Jasper,” he said. “I could talk about this shit between me and Katrina all night but I need to ask you something.”

JT chuckled.

“You too,” Orlando said. “What the hell is going on between you both?”

“Not my story to tell,” JT responded. Orlando wanted to call bullshit on that and one look at Jaxon showed he did too. JT might not have been telling anything but over the past couple weeks his one-liners were enough to make them all uncomfortable and confused.

In the end it was Jasper who called him out on it.

“Stay out of my life James.”

“What life?” JT shot back with enough anger to make Jaxon and Orlando sit up straight. “You’re pathetic. The only person you’re conning is yourself.”

“Fuck off.”

Orlando was still trying to wrap his mind around the outburst when Jasper got up from the couch, grabbed his phone and walked out.

“Did you just make Jasper storm out of his own apartment?” Jaxon asked. “Stop bullying the kid.”

“He’s ruining his life,” JT said eventually. There was no anger there now. Instead he just seemed sad.

“With what?” Orlando asked. “What the hell is going on?

“Not my story to tell. I’m out.”

Jaxon and Orlando sat in silence for a full ten minutes after JT left.

“This has been one of the weirder Thursday nights,” Jaxon said eventually. “We need to help them sort this shit out. It’s just getting worse.”

Orlando thought of Katrina running out on him seconds after they made love. “I can barely sort my shit out. How am I going to help anyone else?”





CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE



I never stopped loving you.

It haunted her. Katrina couldn’t get Orlando out of her mind. He sounded so damned genuine and she couldn’t stop imagining what would have happened if she had stayed. The nights were the worst. Her traitor body ached for his lips against her skin and his arms around her. Her traitor heart wanted to open itself to his love. But her brain knew better. Except, her brain was outnumbered and battered. It was starting to second-guess itself. She wondered if she’d made the right decision during the nights when she touched herself and tried to imagine Orlando’s fingers instead. She regretted her decision when she showed up to her office every day hoping he would be there with her favorite cup of coffee. She missed those stolen moments. It had been over a week since she’d seen or heard from Orlando and Katrina was so frustrated she wanted to do a ‘welfare check’ on Jamie. Her professionalism wouldn’t allow her to use the child to see the man she still loved so she scrapped the idea just as quickly as it came. Wanting him would get easier with time. At least that was what she thought. Yet, she missed him even more than she did that night when she returned home to her cold bed when she could’ve been in his arms.

“Get a grip,” she whispered. She tried to turn her attention back to the files she desperately needed to get off her desk but her concentration was shot. She took a deep breath. She’d worked hard to get where she was and she wouldn’t allow Orlando to ruin it for her. She needed to get her priorities straight.

Katrina still struggled with the file some half an hour later when Wanda pushed her head through the door.

“You’re needed in the conference room. Juliette needs to talk to you.”

Katrina wondered if she imagined the glee in Wanda’s voice. She closed her folders, stood, smoothed down her suit and tried her hardest to stop her heart from beating right out of her chest as she made her way down the hall to the small room they usually used for interviews. It was painted in a dull shade of grey with a long, metal desk in the middle and four chairs on either side. Katrina was shocked to see not only Juliette but also two more senior staff. What the hell was going on?

“Have a seat Ms. Bolton.”

Juliette was rarely ever formal with her and Katrina’s anxiety increased two-fold. She was in trouble, Katrina realized. She just didn’t know what she had done wrong.

She glanced at Ron Whitehead’s pinched face, Sarah Ambrose’s stare and Wanda’s sparkling eyes and tried to keep her breaths even.

“Katrina,” Juliette started. “One of your most important functions is maintaining objectivity in your placements and it is your duty to inform me about anything which might sway you towards a particular candidate.”

The shoe dropped.

“Yes,” she said. “It is.”

“When were you planning to inform us about your relationship with Mr. Johnson?” Ron asked. “You advocated for your boyfriend ahead of the candidates Wanda provided without disclosing your relationship…”

“Let me stop you right there,” Katrina said. “I dated Orlando Johnson briefly during University and hadn’t seen or heard from him in nearly a decade when I got this case. I didn’t even know who this Juice person was when Jamie started crying out for him.”

“Despite that you should have told us about it,” Juliette said. “Your judgment has been called into question...”

“My judgment?” Katrina said. She knew she should reign in the anger she felt but it had been a long week. “By who? Wanda? The woman who has tried to make my job a living hell from the second I arrived?”

“Ms. Bolton…”

“Orlando Johnson and I ended our relationship on the worst terms imaginable. If I really let my feelings for him sway my decision I would have been on board with anyone but him. However, when that little boy’s life fell apart and he was told his mother was never coming home he wanted one person. Orlando. He has the resources, he’s made the time, he has the contacts and he has history with that little boy. Wanda only wanted to put him in a house with three other fostered children to stick it to me, so maybe if we are looking at judgment that is the alley you need to go down.”

Katrina swore she’d be able to hear an ant crawl. What had she done? She tried taking deep breaths to stop the hysterical sob in her chest from rising to her throat. Wanda was a bitch but she did outrank her and this had not been the time to air her grievances.

“Ms. Bolton you will understand why we need to reassign this case to someone else,” Sarah said. “We will keep Jamie with Mr. Johnson for the time being but it would be more appropriate if you are not the person deciding if it should continue.”

“I understand,” she said waiting for the other shoe to drop.

“You can go,” Juliette said. “I want you to hand over Jamie’s files to Patrick.”

Katrina nodded and pushed her chair back. She walked out fearing her feet would give out at any moment.

She wasn’t known for having a temper and Katrina was sure she could count the number of outbursts she’d had in her entire life on one hand. What the hell had possessed her? She’d barely settled into her desk when a loud knock on her door almost brought her heart through her mouth. It was Juliette. The tall, willowy woman pushed wisps of her auburn hair behind her ear and stepped into the suddenly too small office. Katrina closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Was this where she was reprimanded or fired?

“May I sit?”

Katrina nodded and Juliette settled into the chair Orlando always used when he was in her office. She scolded herself for daring to think about him when her career could be thrown into chaos.

“You said a mouthful,” the woman said with a small smile. “I don’t think any of us expected that. Especially not Wanda.”

“I’m sorry…”

Juliette cut her off. “Don’t dare apologize.”

“Wait, what?”

“You made the right call with Jamie for all the reasons you gave when you fought for his placement against Wanda’s surprise candidates. You should tell us about any personal connection with anyone in the future but it didn’t affect this case in my view. If Wanda had her way Jamie would have been removed from the home and you would be removed from your job. Wanda has picked on the women she supervises for longer than I can remember but you seemed to have really rubbed her the wrong way. I think we were all delighted with your outburst.”

Juliette laughed. “But if you tell anyone I said that, I will deny this conversation.”

“I don’t understand how she found out I dated Orlando.”

“She told us you were dating now,” her boss said.

“We aren’t. Our relationship has been dead for years.” Katrina said.

Juliette shrugged. “Wanda showed us photos of you, him and Jamie at Rye Playland from their website and apparently spoke to Jamie at school where he said you slept over.”

Katrina wished the floor would open up and swallow her. “I can explain…”

Juliette raised her hand. “There is no need to. Jamie is someone else’s charge now so whatever you do in your spare time is your business.”

“Will this go on my record?” she asked.

Juliette chuckled. “Definitely. The first person to put that old hag in her place.”

The woman was halfway out the door when she turned around and said, “You should have a look at those photos. We might have a different definition of dead.”





CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX



Katrina didn’t find the time to hunt down the photos Wanda tried to destroy her career with until she was home later that evening. She couldn’t turn away from her laptop and the photo enlarged on the screen. There was so much affection there that the screen practically shone with it. Katrina could definitely understand why anyone looking at the photos would easily believe there was something between she and Orlando. But wasn’t there? She kept waiting for her nose to start growing when she tried to downplay things between them. Katrina saved the photo and sent it off in a text message to Sabrina before she could change her mind. She wanted to see if her best friend saw what she did.

Her phone rang seconds later.

“Hello,” she said. “It’s Friday night shouldn’t you be on a date or something.”

Sabrina laughed. “I am out with Greg but this is more important. Sorry Greg.”

“I still love him,” she said softly.

“Of course you do. It’s all over your face. What are you going to do about it?”

“I’m scared,” she said. “I don’t want to get hurt again.”

“I know. That’s why every single relationship you’ve tried to have since then failed.”

“That’s not true,” she argued.

Sabrina made a rude sound in her throat. “Greg isn’t patient enough for this argument. Stop thinking and try feeling instead. What’s the worst that could happen?”

“He could break my heart again.”

“And you’ll survive it again,” Sabrina said simply. “At least you won’t spend the rest of your life wondering what could’ve been.”

Katrina looked at the photos for a long while after she got off the phone with Sabrina. Was her friend right? Should she chuck all caution to the wind and hope for the best?

I never stopped loving you, he’d said. Did she dare believe him? She started dialing his number but stopped and tossed the phone aside. Her body, heart and brain were still at odds with each other but her brain was winning. Now that she was off Jamie’s case there was no reason for her to see Orlando again. She needed to leave him in the past… where he belonged.



***



Orlando received the call just as he wrapped up his weekly meeting. He pushed back his office chair and paced the length of his office while the man, Patrick Vaughn, told him that he would now be in charge of Jamie’s case. Questions swirled around Orlando’s mind. The call was as unexpected as it was worrying. Did Katrina abandon Jamie because he kept pushing for a relationship? His stomach sank. He was meant to look out for Jamie’s best interests. Had he cost him a caseworker who would push for what was best for him because he was too busy trying to correct a past mistake? He didn’t feel ready for the answer but he needed know.

“What happened to Ms. Bolton?” he asked. “Why the sudden switch?”

“I cannot discuss that,” the man said. “I just need to set up a meeting with you and Jamie. We need to have the first post placement visit and to discuss your long term goals for your relationship with Jamie.”

They agreed to meet later that week so Patrick could meet Jamie and get a tour of the house. Whether Jamie remained with him was dependent on what this man thought of his care for Jamie but Orlando couldn’t stop thinking about Katrina.

He was dialing her number before he even thought about what he was going to say. She surprised him by answering.

“I’ve just been informed that you are no longer Jamie’s case worker.”

“Yes,” she said. “I was removed.”

“Removed?” he asked. That was the last thing he expected her to say.

“Long story,” she said. “And I have a client in ten minutes.”

“Maybe you can fit me in afterwards?”

Orlando wanted to kick himself for continuing to pursue a woman who made it clear she wanted nothing to do with him but she surprised him by agreeing.

“We can have a coffee and I’ll tell you all about what Wanda has been up to.”

“Wanda? I’m intrigued.”

Orlando tried to keep his voice light although the situation felt anything but. He hadn’t spoken to Katrina in nearly two weeks and the thought of meeting up with her filled him with equal parts dread and anticipation.

“I’ll see you later,” she said.

“I can’t wait.”

There was a small pause.

“Neither can I.”





CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN



Katrina and Orlando decided to meet at a small independent coffee shop halfway between her workplace and his. The coffee shop was Alice in Wonderland themed with seating resembling the Mad Hatter’s hat and the mushrooms that made Alice change size.

“This is interesting,” Orlando said as he took in the décor. She smiled. It was out of the box but she still believed they served the best coffee in the city.

Katrina ordered her usual drink while Orlando settled on an americano and they grabbed the nearest mushroom they could find.

“JT would have jokes for years if he saw me here,” Orlando quipped as he sat down. “I must look like an idiot.”

She chuckled with him but Katrina disagreed. He looked very handsome sitting there in his navy blue suit, loosened tie and the coffee mug wrapped up in his hands. Katrina looked at his long, elegant fingers and felt her stomach tighten as she remembered how well he wielded them as instruments of pleasure. She took a large sip of her coffee hoping he didn’t see the lust in her eyes.

“So what did Wanda get up to?”

The question turned her attention from imagining them in bed together to what they were really here for. She didn’t have to invite him out to talk about Wanda. Hell, she didn’t need to tell him about Wanda in the first place. He looked at her expectantly from across the table and she sighed. She couldn’t run from the truth. She missed him. She missed him so badly it ached. It wasn’t just the Orlando who showed up to her office with her favorite coffee she missed. She missed everything they had been together. Katrina usually looked back at their time together with angst because things ended so badly but they had had a lot of good times. She missed those times. She grieved the loss of all the times they might have had if he hadn’t left.

You can make memories now.

The thought came to her unbidden and fear sat like a stone in her stomach. Could she really take that risk?

“Katrina?”

She snapped out of the thoughts that clouded her mind. She needed to answer those questions sooner or later but now was not the time.

“Wanda told my boss that I only selected you to be Jamie’s foster parent because we were in a relationship.”

Orlando paused with his coffee mug halfway to his mouth and frowned. “She did what?”

“Trust me, you heard me right the first time. She saw photos of us on Rye Playland’s website.”

He shook his head as if he was trying to shake the bullshit from his ears.

“I don’t suppose she just stumbled across those.”

Katrina’s laugh was bitter. “I doubt. She called for me to be fired and for Jamie to be placed elsewhere.”

The amusement in Orlando’s eyes disappeared immediately and was replaced by a steely glint. He would fight for what he loved, Katrina realized. Jamie was the luckiest little boy in the world.

“You can stop plotting to send her entire life up in smoke,” she said with a small smile. “My boss saw through her crap.”

“That doesn’t lessen my desire to send her entire life up in smoke,” he said.

She believed him but knew he wouldn’t try. Orlando Johnson had enough money and connections to truly make life difficult for Wanda if he wanted to but the Orlando she knew was never spiteful or cruel. In fact, he was easily one of the kindest persons she’d ever met… right up to the day he left. When she looked at Orlando again he was staring at her with a small smile that spelled trouble.

“What?”

“So Jamie is no longer your charge, is he?”

She shook her head, took a small sip of coffee before starting to explain what the process would be now that Patrick was assigned the case but after a few words she realized Orlando wasn’t interested.

“Be my date for JT’s wedding,” he said.

Katrina stopped talking abruptly. “What?”

She would have thought he was joking, except he looked so damned earnest sitting there staring up at her from behind his mug of coffee.

“I can’t do that…”

The words spluttered out of her and Katrina wanted to smack herself for losing her cool. Orlando smiled at her. She wanted to slap the smile off his face because he seemed unaffected while her feelings spiraled out of control.

“Why not? Give me one good reason why?”

She started talking about giving Jamie the wrong impression but he cut her short by shaking his head and laughing.

“You don’t get to play the Jamie card anymore,” he reminded her. “He’s no longer your case.”

Katrina tried to gather her thoughts and Orlando used her silence to continue talking.

“He likes you as much as I do. He’d much prefer to spend the wedding with you than his nanny.”

The offer sounded almost tempting when he put it that way but Katrina knew better. She wouldn’t be accepting in order to babysit Jamie. She didn’t need to either! Orlando could easily hand Jamie over to his mother or grandmother. No, she would be agreeing to go to what would be a family affair and get carried away wondering how things would have been.

“So will you?”

Acceptance hovered on her tongue but she swallowed it down with her coffee.

“Let me get back to you,” she said eventually.

Orlando seemed to accept this and turned the conversation to Jamie’s appointment with Dr. Saint-Lee. Before they knew it, their coffees had long gone cold but neither of them was in a hurry to leave. They spoke until Orlando realized he was going to be late getting home to relieve Jamie’s nanny. Katrina could see the question in his eyes as he hugged her goodbye but she pretended she hadn’t noticed. She would love to go home with him but that didn’t mean she should. So, instead, she turned on her heels and walked slowly to the Subway station regretting her decision every step of the way.





CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT



The private boutique reeked of money. It wasn’t gaudy but the little details reminded Orlando that JT was paying a pretty penny to have Kris Ho design and make the tuxedos for the wedding. He sipped on the bourbon Ho’s receptionist had just handed to him in a crystal tumbler. Orlando savored the drink. His night had been tough. He lay in bed staring at the ceiling thinking of what might have happened if Katrina had taken him up on his silent offer. His body was taut and tense and not even bringing himself to climax dulled his desire for her. Orlando was just about to fall asleep when Jamie’s screams pierced the silent room. It took nearly two hours to settle the child back to sleep and even after that Orlando couldn’t make his brain turn off. He was surprised with the small details he still remembered about his mother. He could recall what she was like before she allowed the drugs to take over. He remembered the way she used to kiss his nose before she dropped him off at school and how she read him his favorite story over and over each night with the kind of patience a person only had for someone they loved. And, he missed her. It was a bitter, twisting ache in his gut when he accepted that he missed his mother – both versions. He missed the mother she was when she made him feel loved and secure. She missed the tortured angel he could not save.

“You good?”

Jaxon grabbed the empty spot next to him and offered him some more bourbon. Orlando declined. Too much alcohol and too little sleep with emotions running high would be a disaster. He’d started giving his brother the run down on his night from hell when JT walked in with Jasper strolling close behind him. The tension radiated hot off of them both and Orlando was tempted to once again try to get to the bottom of it. One glance at Jaxon and he swallowed his questions. There would be a time to force his ignorant brothers to spit out what had been going on between them over the past couple months but JT’s final tuxedo consultation was not it.

“Let’s get this show on the road,” JT said downing his own tumbler of bourbon. He turned to Jaxon and said, “I’m about to join you in married life bro.”

“You’ve been known to copy me,” Jaxon teased. “Next stop daddyhood.”

Orlando expected a quick comeback from his carefree brother. He couldn’t imagine JT with a child tying him down. Then again, he couldn’t have imagined himself with a kid either but now he couldn’t imagine what his life would be like without Jamie. JT didn’t have a funny retort for Jaxon. He just laughed. There were no mocking or sarcastic undertones to the laughter. It radiated joy – pure joy.

“Are you serious?” Jaxon asked. JT nodded. The next few minutes passed in a flurry of hugs and pats on JT’s back. Even Jasper seemed to perk up in those moments. They all had a front row seat to the years their brother pined over his best friend. Hallie had been the first woman JT wanted it all with. Orlando grinned when he thought of how excited Hallie would be. A teenage pregnancy forced her to make one of the hardest decisions of her life in giving up her son for adoption. Now, she had the shot at motherhood JT confided in him she was afraid she had lost forever.

“I’m so happy for you,” he said as he released JT from the crushing bear hug. His brother smiled at him. “You’re next bro.”

Orlando tried to imagine getting ready to be married to Katrina knowing that even as they said their vows the life they created grew within her. He tried to imagine coming home to her, Jamie and a baby with Katrina’s dimples. He couldn’t. He pushed the thoughts to the back of his mind. Just like JT’s feud with Jasper, there would be another time to tackle the emotions he felt. JT’s final tuxedo consultation was not that time. Yet, Orlando knew he wouldn’t be able to run from the crushing ache he felt forever.





CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE



“How’re those dating apps going for you?”

Katrina rolled her eyes even though Sabrina couldn’t see. She was pretty sure if she had to listen to one more sarcastic retort from her best friend she was going to end the damn call.

“You’re not helping Sabrina,” she said. Katrina curled further into her plush blanket and reached for her glass of red wine on the coffee table.

“I am,” her friend protested. “You just don’t like the help I’m giving you.”

“I need to leave the past behind,” she said firmly. Katrina just wished she could add an ounce of that firmness to her willpower.

“He’s a better catch than half those guys you’re swiping right for.”

“Can we talk about something else?” Katrina asked willing the irrational irritation she’d begun to feel away. She was being unfair to her friend. She was the one who called Sabrina desperate for her to tell her she shouldn’t agree to go to the wedding. Sabrina, unsurprisingly, chided her for saying no.

“Don’t get pissy with me,” Sabrina warned. “It’s been nearly ten years. This man has rued his mistake and wants to show you. He’s smart, sexy, sweet and according to you good in bed. And he’s loaded. You’ve got two options. Get over whatever’s holding you back or send him my way. He’s not going to stay single or interested forever.”

The rush of jealousy she felt at the thought of Orlando with someone else was staggering. The only thing Katrina wanted less than seeing him with someone else was for him to break her heart. She’d be a fool to give him the opportunity to finish the job he’d started all those years ago. Katrina started to tell Sabrina this when a knock at her door stopped her short. Her heart slammed against her chest. No one ever visited her. None of her coworkers even knew where she lived.

“I think he’s outside,” she said.

Sabrina let out a delighted squeal. “I’ll leave you to Prince Charming.”



She pretended to be surprised when she found Orlando outside her door. He was carrying a bottle of wine and a large paper bag with scents wafting out of it that made her stomach growl.

“You don’t play fair.”

Katrina stepped aside and let him in.

“All’s fair in love and war,” he said calmly.

Katrina shrugged her shoulders. “Unfortunately I’m not sure what this is.”



***



Orlando had driven halfway home before he decided that the only thing he really wanted to do was see Katrina. He wanted to be near enough to smell the subtle hint of ‘vanilla’ she always wore and watch her entire face light up when she smiled. It wasn’t wise and he wasn’t even sure Katrina would invite him inside but it didn’t matter. He’d made his way to his favorite Caribbean place and picked up a couple of the dishes he loved before making the small walk to the liquor store on the corner to get the largest bottle of wine he could find. He could have easily returned to his house to pick up a fancier bottle of wine but he knew it wouldn’t matter either way to Katrina. She had never been impressed with his wealth. She always relegated it to just an interesting tidbit about him on par with his ability to tie cherry stems into a bow regardless of the length. If she wanted to spend time with him, Katrina would be just as impressed with a seven-dollar bottle from the liquor store as with a hundred year reserve. If. Orlando was not sure what the answer to that question would be even as he stood at her door with the food and wine. He was flooded with relief when she smiled at him and stepped aside so he could come in.

“To what do I owe this pleasure?” she asked as he set the items down on the kitchen counter. The word pleasure hit him straight in his groin. Damn right he wanted to be her pleasure. He set aside the desire and instead responded directly to her teasing with an equally honest reply.

“Existing.”

She looked away from him but Orlando thought he saw something flicker in her eyes. If she only knew just how much he meant that. Rediscovering Katrina had been a blessing even though it often times felt like he was losing his mind.

They shared out the food and gathered around the small, circular table tucked into a small corner of the open plan living area. The apartment was small but had Katrina’s stamp all over it from the colorful throw pillows on the couch and the matching placements on the table. The apple-cinnamon scent wafting in the air transported him back to another place and another time.

“I couldn’t figure out how you always had our apartment smelling so amazing and I’m still clueless.”

He expected the throwaway comment about their past would cause her to clam up as it usually had. It warmed him when she spooned a small bit of curried goat on her plate and grinned.

“Glade plug-ins and diffusers,” she laughed. “What do you think all those things plugged into the wall were?”

She pointed to a small, circular bowl on a ledge above her television with sticks poking out of it. “That is cinnamon scented and those diffuser sticks help too.”

“Why apple and cinnamon?”

She entertained him with stories about baking with her mother as a child. Their favorite things were apple-cinnamon pies and cakes so the scents always transported her back to that time. He could imagine a tiny Katrina standing on a stool helping her mother mix ingredients with flour strewn across her cheek and clothing. The image wrapped itself around his heart and squeezed until he almost lost his breath. What would it be like walking in on Katrina baking with Jamie?

“Still there?”

Katrina was looking up at him with warm concern in her honeyed eyes. It was on the tip of his tongue to tell her about how he longed for a future with her but Orlando stopped short. His reaction to the image made him feel vulnerable – too vulnerable for his liking – and the thought of putting that vulnerability out there for her to see sat uneasily with him.

Instead, he reached out to rub his thumb under her chin.

“Still present,” he said eventually.

Her lips parted slightly and she started to speak but seemed to push the words away with a flick of her tongue across her bottom lip. He leaned forward and captured her lips in his. She sighed into the kiss and so Orlando pressed his lips harder against hers. The urgency seemed to well up in her as quickly as it did in him. He grabbed her by her waist and pulled her the small distance until she was straddling him on the dining room chair. She jerked against his erection and Orlando found himself digging his nails into her hips to remain in control.

“I’m going to go crazy if you keep this up any longer,” he said, kissing her hard again. She broke the kiss and grinned wickedly at him. “Good.”

When she pulled off her blouse and brought his hands to her bare breasts, Orlando quit fighting for control. He was already lost.





CHAPTER THIRTY



Fire. Her entire body was on fire. Katrina could hardly keep her thoughts straight with the overwhelming sensations Orlando rubbing and kneading her breasts while he gently sucked and nibbled at her earlobe evoked. She could barely bite back her moan. Katrina ground harder against Orlando’s erection. She reveled in the way he reacted to her. It felt good to know that he was just as affected as she was. She helped him pull off his shirt, desperate to feel his skin against hers. Katrina pressed her body as hard as she could against his.

“I want you so bad,” she gasped. “I need you.”

The words were barely out her mouth before Orlando started lifting up her skirt and sliding a finger into her. She rode the pleasure until she couldn’t any more. It wasn’t enough. It wasn’t what she wanted… needed.

“I need more,” she said. She didn’t care that her voice sounded whiny and maybe a bit desperate. He unzipped his pants and she reached in to hold and stroke him, enjoying the way his breath hitched. Then, she straddled him and closed her eyes as he slid into her inch by inch. She rode him until she could feel her need for him subside but it replaced with the frenzied, aching pleasure of the orgasm that had been brewing like a storm inside her. His mouth found hers and their lips danced until they reached their crest together.

Hours later, after Orlando had long left, Katrina lay on her couch with her body still aching from his touch and realized there was no use pretending to fight a battle she had already lost.



****

Jamie was lying on his stomach on the living room rug when Orlando returned home. He looked up just as Orlando stepped through the archway, smiled and scrambled up before hoisting himself into Orlando’s arms. Cascades of ‘Juice, look at this’ and ‘Juice, I did’ washed over Orlando and he sunk into the familiar chaos of it all. God, he loved this. God, he loved him. It didn’t matter the type of day he had. Whenever Orlando returned home, he had the best greeting in the world. He settled into the couch with Jamie on his knee as he familiarized himself with the highs and lows of the little boy’s day.

“What did you do today, Juice?” Jamie asked when he finally bored of speaking about his walk through central park with his nanny. He gave Jamie the censored version skipping over the only thing he’d done that day that mattered to him. Orlando thought of how good Katrina felt wrapped around his dick and flustered. He couldn’t help but feel like they’d turned a corner. It took what felt like forever for his heart rate to return to normal after their frenzied lovemaking but after he reluctantly disentangled himself from Katrina’s slick, warm body she followed him to the door. Then, with her hair wet from sex and an improperly buttoned shirt, Katrina tiptoed and kissed him sweetly before he left.

“I’ll call you,” he’d said. She smiled at him and in those moments it felt like every single thing was right in his world.

“Mario Kart, Juice?”

Jamie’s little voice penetrated Orlando’s thoughts. The boy looked up at him with so much hope in his eyes that Orlando didn’t bother pointing out that it was very close to his bedtime. He let out a happy laugh and Orlando chuckled. It wasn’t just a feeling. In those moments every single thing was right in his world. He had his woman and little man. Orlando smiled. They both owned his heart completely. He would do everything in his power to make them officially his.





CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE



Orlando Johnson went to sleep content. He’d had a boisterous gaming session with Jamie, who may or may not have allowed Orlando to win after he’d lost five games in a row to the excited boy. Orlando had gone to bed with thoughts of Katrina dancing around his brain. He’d fallen asleep with arousal gently kissing the edges of his consciousness. Orlando woke up in terror with a scream on his lips. He shifted in his sweat soaked bed before he pulled himself into a sitting position. He could still see his mother – cold and dead – in his mind. He brought both hands to his eyes and rubbed as if he could erase the memory. His heart hammered against his chest. Orlando rarely dreamed about finding his mother’s body. It was something he’d shoved as far into the recesses of his mind as humanly possible. He never had a dream like this one. He’d found himself in the dingy apartment, which smelled of weed, sex and stale sweat. His mother lay in the fetal like position he’d found her in but she uncurled herself after a few seconds. Her eyes were filled with tears.

“I did my best,” she said. The voice sounded weird to his ears – unlike what he remembered his mother’s voice being – it was shrill and filled with so much pent up emotions his ears hurt.

“I did my best,” she continued. She crawled across the dirty floor until she was close to him before she said softly. “You killed me.”

“No…”

“You killed me.”

Her voice was thunderous and the walls of the apartment seemed to disintegrate under the force of it. Orlando came to shaking and soaking wet in his own bed.

“What the fuck was that?” he whispered to himself but he couldn’t stop the pit in his stomach from deepening. He’d often wondered if he’d propelled his mother to her overdose. Would she still be alive if he’d acted differently? He’d kicked her when she was literally on the floor. Guilt gnawed at him. Orlando began to get out of bed when a small voice pulled him up short.

“Juice?”

Jamie stood in his doorway almost drowning in the new pajamas JT had bought for him.

“Hey little man,” he said trying to keep his voice steady and calm. He didn’t want to alarm him.

“Bad dream?”

He started to lie but then stopped himself. There was no way he could expect Jamie to be honest with him if he lied to the little boy.

“Yeah,” he admitted. “A pretty scary one.”

Jamie shrugged. “Me too.”

The little boy stood in the door for a while as if contemplating his next move. Orlando smiled when he saw how Jamie’s body seemed to sway towards the room.

“You want to keep me company?” Orlando asked. Jamie nodded and seemed the cross the distance in three steps.

Hours later Orlando listened to Jamie’s steady breathing, surprised at the comfort his presence offered. He was no longer that scared, neglected boy he’d been growing up. He’d survived just as Jamie would. Life continued. There was nothing left in the past for him, but the future was wide open.





CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO



Katrina studied herself in the full-length mirror. The pale blue, chiffon dress skimmed her curves before tapering off in a mermaid cut. She was excited and nervous all at the same time. The last three weeks of her life had been a whirlwind to say the least. She’d agreed to be Orlando’s date for his brother’s wedding three days after he’d asked.

“Give me a chance Kitty-Kat,” he’d said; softly, solemnly, sweetly and Katrina lost the will to fight so she promised she would. She promised she would chuck the hurt, pain and trepidation to one side and actually see where this ‘thing’ between them could lead. She rediscovered all the things she loved about Orlando with each passing day and Jamie continued worming himself deep into her heart. It was exactly what she’d feared – falling in love with them both. What would she do if things didn’t work out? She wouldn’t only lose Orlando this time but the little boy she’d come to love.

“Treasure it. Losing the people we love is always a risk. Sometimes they leave. Sometimes they are taken. Just treasure it.”

Katrina often recalled Sabrina’s advice when things got overwhelming as she tried to figure out what the future held for them. Her best friend was right. Life was unpredictable. She remembered reading somewhere that the moment you met someone was the moment you started losing them. The thought brought a lump to her throat but she tried to push it away. Now was not the time for that.

“Kat?”

Jamie’s little voice pulled her from her thoughts. He was standing in the doorway of the guestroom already decked out in a tiny tuxedo with a pale blue inner shirt to match Katrina’s dress. He was the most handsome date ever. He was smiling at her.

“What’s so funny little man?” she asked opening her arms wide. He ran towards her and hugged her legs.

“Juice and I have a present for you,” he said. He could barely keep the excitement out of his voice. Curiosity tugged at her. She wondered why Orlando hadn’t given her this present before he’d left for JT’s groom suite at the Ritz-Carlton.

“You’ve been keeping a secret all this time?” she asked Jamie whose smile got three times larger. Katrina had dressed Jamie in his suit before she left him in front of the TV so she could finish getting ready. The little boy nodded. “Juice said to wait ‘til you got dressed.”

“Okay,” she said grinning. “I’m ready.”

He jumped off the bed, dashed from the room and sped back a few seconds later with a small box. In it lay a dainty gold chain with a pale blue gemstone and matching earrings.

“This is beautiful Jamie,” she said pulling him into a hug.

He beamed. “I helped choose.”

“Well you were a very good chooser.”

“Juice said we needed to get you something to show that we appre… appre...”

“Appreciate?” she asked unable to stop herself from smiling. She was filled to the brim with warmth and love.

“Yes,” he said and then he was running out of the room again. He returned with a pile of loose papers.

“Look.”

Katrina couldn’t believe what she was seeing. Jamie had drawn three stick figures – a man, a woman and a little boy. In the big, scrawling handwriting of a child each figure was labeled in green crayons: Daddy Juice, Mommy Cat and Me. All the drawings were some variation of that but a couple included a stick figure of an animal labeled ‘Puppy Rufus.’ She tried and failed to find the words. Maybe it was best for her to wait for Orlando to address the drawings.

“These are really good pictures,” she said. “Especially puppy Rufus.”

Jamie smiled and she pulled him into a small hug. She pointed to the female stick figure and asked, “Is that me?”

“Yeah.”

“Why did you put mommy in front of my name?” she asked. Katrina hoped she made the right decision by trying to tackle this on her own. She loved Jamie to death but she wasn’t his mother.

“Dr. Saint-Lee told me to,” he said. He answered matter-of-factly seemingly undisturbed by her questions.

“Dr. Saint-Lee told you to put mommy in front of my name?”

Jamie was still smiling but Katrina could see shyness creep in.

“Nope,” he began. “He told me to draw what I wanted to ask Santa for and he would help me write a letter to the North Pole.”

His response knocked the air right out of her.

“This is what you want?”

Jamie nodded, gently removed the drawings from her hands and started pointing to his stick figures. “I want Juice to be my daddy, you to be my mommy and I want a dog.”

Her heart swelled and broke in equal measures. She was pretty sure that two of those three things would come true for the little boy she held in her arms. She kissed his forehead and blinked away her tears. If only getting what you wanted was as easy as writing a letter to the North Pole.





CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE



Orlando arrived to JT’s groom suite about an hour after most of the other groomsmen had. He had awoken with more than enough time to get there early but he dragged his feet to leave Katrina and Jamie at home. The three of them had so much fun the night before. He’d ordered steak dinners from his favorite bistro several blocks from the house. Jamie dunked his fries in ketchup happily while Orlando cut his meal into bite-sized squares. After dinner, Jamie made a beeline for the TV but Katrina made the five year old a deal he couldn’t refuse. She would teach him a board game and if he didn’t like it then he could watch TV past his bedtime.

“You know he’s going to scam you right?” he whispered to Katrina as she started setting up the Chutes and Ladders board. It turned out that Jamie had too much fun to even think about trying to stay up later. He had a competitive streak, Orlando realized. He chuckled remembering how gleeful Jamie was whenever he or Katrina landed on a chute and had to slide down. They played until Jamie’s eyes began to close and he didn’t even fight being led away for his bath and bedtime.

Katrina was curled up on the couch with a bottle of wine and two glasses on the coffee table when he returned. They finished the bottle of wine, caught up on the Netflix series they had been binging before making love right there on the couch. The last three weeks were easily some of the best of his life. He loved her and that had nothing to do with their shared history. He sat in awe of her during their dinner dates as she spoke passionately about her job. His heart expanded when he watched her with Jamie. The little boy was already so in love with Katrina he could barely control his excitement whenever she entered the room. He fell in love all over again with the woman Katrina was today not just the memories he had from their past. The realization scared him and humbled him. He had so much to lose if this didn’t work out. Jamie’s smiling face popped into his mind. This time around, more than his heart lay on the line.

“Fix your face. Jasper is already looking annoyed enough for all of us.”

Jaxon handed Orlando a tumbler as he scanned the room for their youngest brother. Sure enough, Jasper was seated in the far corner of the suite nursing a drink with a scowl. Orlando sighed. He really hoped Jasper and JT weren’t about to continue whatever the heck was going on between them on JT’s wedding day.

“Are we going to have to ask him to behave?” he asked Jaxon. His brother took a large sip from his tumbler and grimaced. “Jasper knows better.”

“Better safe than sorry,” he suggested. He and Jaxon began crossing the suite towards Jasper when JT called out to them.

“I want to have a drink with my brothers,” he said with a laugh. He pointed to Jasper. “Even that one.”

The seconds ticked by before Jasper pushed himself up from the chair and followed his brothers to the master bedroom.

“Are we going to have to stick you two in a closet until you work out your shit?” Jaxon asked. JT smirked. “I’m trying to get married today, not in the next twenty years”

Jasper began to say something but JT cut him off by refilling their tumblers and raising his own.

“I’d like to propose a toast,” JT said. “May we all find the love meant to be ours.”

He was staring straight at Jasper as he said this and Orlando felt the tension racket up in the room. They all clinked their glasses together and Orlando realized that the laissez-faire approach he and Jaxon were taking with the situation needed to change. Orlando needed to get to the root of the fall out between his brothers. But first, he needed to see to it that JT’s wedding went smoothly.





CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR



The wedding was the most beautiful thing Katrina ever witnessed. It wasn’t because there was no expense spared although she had yet to see a ceremony hall so put together. The theme was elegantly bohemian with gold accents, greenery and perfectly placed Swarovski crystals. She adored the slideshow of cute photos of the couple projected on the wall behind where JT and Hallie stood and exchanged their vows. The ceremony was visually stunning but nothing could compare to the love that radiated off of JT and Hallie. She adored the way they looked at each other and the million inside jokes they seemed to have. By the time they were pronounced man and wife, Katrina couldn’t stop the happy tears from falling. Jamie squeezed her hand and looked up at her with confused eyes.

“What’s wrong?” he asked.

“I’m just so happy,” she explained. “Sometimes people cry when they are happy.”

“They do?”

His forehead furrowed with confusion and Katrina couldn’t help but laugh. This seemed to satisfy Jamie that she was okay and he went back to soaking in all that was going on. Once JT and Hallie made it down the aisle, the bridal party followed. Jaxon walked down with his wife, Maya, and Jasper walked down with Jasmine. She tried but couldn’t place the woman who walked down on Orlando’s arm but tried to fight the little pings of jealousy she felt. Down girl. He caught her eye on his way out and winked playfully. She hadn’t imagined the heat she saw there but that wasn’t the only thing she saw. The love he felt for her was plain to see and suddenly Katrina’s eyes were welling for a different reason altogether.



***

“Katrina.”

The elderly woman sat in the empty chair Jaime had just vacated to run up to the head table to smother Orlando with cuddles.

“You remember me?”

The Johnson family matriarch smiled at her. “Of course I do. That year you came for Thanksgiving was a memorable one. I’d never seen my hedgehog so happy.”

Obviously not happy enough, she thought bitterly because less than a year later he was leaving her. She wasn’t sure if her thoughts showed on her face but Nona reached out and covered Katrina’s hand with hers.

“He was scared,” she said. “Orlando carries more baggage from his past than he wants anyone to believe. He pushed us away a whole lot too but it is easier to create distance at twenty-three than it is when you’re thirteen.”

Katrina didn’t know what to say but Nona began to speak again. “Do you love him Katrina?”

The answer came easily to her but instead she tried to steel her face and said. “I don’t know.”

The woman surprised her by throwing her head back and letting out a cackle that seemed so out of place with her dainty figure.

“You know,” Nona said. “And now I do too.”

Then with a wink, she left Katrina sitting there feeling more confused than ever.

“May I have this dance?”

Orlando’s voice jarred her from the confused thoughts that swirled around her mind when Nona left. She smiled at him. “Have you learned to dance?”

She took the hand he offered her and he led her to the near empty dance floor. Katrina rested her cheek against his chest as they swayed together to Shania Twain promising some lucky man that she’d love him for as long as she lived. It felt so good being there with him like this. She felt safe. And, in that moment, their past didn’t matter. Nothing mattered but the steady beat of his heart against her cheek, the light pressure of his hand on her lower back and the love that bubbled so fiercely in her chest that it threatened to spill from her mouth.

“It was a beautiful wedding,” she said trying to distract herself from the emotions that threatened to overwhelm her.

“You know what I was thinking while I stood up there?”

She leaned off his chest and tipped her chin up so she could look at him. “Tell me.”

“I can’t wait until it is our turn.”

“Orlando…”

He kissed her softly. “I love you Katrina Marie Bolton and I will spend the rest of my life proving to you that that’s not going to change.”

I love you too.

The words were on the tip of her tongue but she still refused to say them. Instead, she brought her lips back to his and tried to pour into the kiss what her heart already knew but her lips were too afraid to repeat.





CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE



“I shouldn’t be telling you this but you aced your third post placement visit,” Katrina said with a broad smile. “The path to adoption is starting to look very clear.”

Excited butterflies fluttered in his stomach. He knew Jamie’s caseworker had tried to find members of his mother’s family who would be willing to foster him. The goal of the family court was always the reunification of families so he wasn’t surprised. So far his grandmother and his aunt were unable to care for him. At the last post placement visit, Orlando expressed his desire to adopt Jamie. He couldn’t believe it was now more likely than not Jamie would officially be his son. Son. His heart swelled at the thought. He looked up to find Katrina smiling at him with misty eyes.

“You are both so lucky to have each other.”

He kissed her. “We are lucky to have you too.”

“I know,” she said with a wink and grin before dipping a French fry into her favorite concoction of ketchup and mayonnaise. He leaned forward and dropped a kiss on her lips. He licked away the sauce and grimaced. “Just admit you like dipping fries in Ranch dressing.”

“This tastes nothing like Ranch dressing.”

“If you say so babe.”

He kissed her again. Orlando loved these moments more than anything else. They were sitting around the island in the kitchen having a late dinner while Jamie screeched and laughed in the living room as he played Mario Kart. Orlando couldn’t have imagined six months ago that this would be his life but he was thankful that the Universe decided he was worthy of it. It was almost as if he didn’t know any other life than coming home to find Katrina and Jamie talking about the highlights of Jamie’s school day or those lazy Saturday brunches and strolls through the park. Katrina still refused to move in but she accepted the extra key and was at his house more often than not. Orlando wasn’t interested in pressuring her. He could feel her love for him even though she was careful not to say it. Her body spoke loudly and clearly when they made love and it was in the tender way he would catch her looking at him when she thought he was asleep. He was willing to wait forever for her to let go of her fear. He wasn’t going anywhere.

“Let’s go see what little man’s up to,” he suggested. They filled their plates and trekked into the living room. Jamie looked up at them with wide, excited eyes before he started trying to convince Katrina to play with him. She was wrapped right around his little finger. Jamie was the best thing to happen to him and there were times he couldn’t decide how to feel about that. It wasn’t lost on him that he only had the privilege of raising the sweet, brilliant, affectionate boy because his mother couldn’t beat her demons and his father abandoned him before he was born. Jamie was starting life with more baggage than anyone should. Orlando wondered if his parents battled with these intense emotions? He watched Jamie hug Katrina after he’d demolished her on the game.

“You’ll do better next time,” Jamie said before kissing her cheek. Orlando chuckled. The little boy was really the sweetest. He was happy that he was improving. The nightmares were becoming less and Dr. Saint-Lee was impressed with his steady improvement. He still wandered into Orlando’s bedroom occasionally but Orlando believed it had more to do with wanting to cuddle in bed than the bad dreams. He joined them on the floor, draping an arm around Katrina’s waist and dropping a kiss on her forehead. This must be what his brothers felt, he thought. For the first in a really long time Orlando felt settled, happy and excited for the future but he couldn’t seem to let go of the sinking feeling in his gut that it couldn’t last. He had spoken to Dr. Minders, the psychologist he’d finally booked some sessions with, about it at his last appointment.

“Is that why you left the last time?” the man asked. Orlando thought for a while and decided to be straight about it.

“Yes, but I don’t want to keep running.”

“So don’t. You are just as deserving of a good life as anyone else.”

He knew that. Dr. Minders pointed out that things worked out with the Johnsons even though Orlando waited for years for the other shoe to drop. It hadn’t. So maybe, just maybe, Life didn’t always throw curveballs. Maybe, just maybe, things would be okay.





CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX



“Is he out?”

Orlando smiled. “Like a light.”

He crawled into the bed and kissed her cheek before dragging his lips down her chin and neck. Her body trembled. It was hard for her to pinpoint her favorite part of their evenings together but the love they made after Jamie had settled into bed was a strong contender. Her body responded to his slightest touch almost like it was always starving for him. She smiled and arched her back so that his lips were pressed more firmly against her neck.

His lips wandered back to hers and desire exploded between them. The innocent kisses were replaced with desperate heat as their hands stripped the clothing from between them. She needed him so badly her body ached and the only thing that could soothe her was feeling him move inside her. Yet, she couldn’t bring herself to straddle him and guide him into her wet warmth. Sometimes lovemaking was fast and ferocious. Sometimes it was slow and sensuous. Sometimes there were times, like this, when it was meant to bring you to the edge of self-control and leave you suspended there until you felt like you would die from it. Orlando fisted his hand in her hair and pulled her closer to him.

“You drive me crazy,” he said when he finally pulled away from her. She laughed. It did wonders for her self-esteem to know how much she affected him. She was literal putty in his hands. Katrina brought his hand to her core so he could feel how wet he made her.

“You’re going to be the death of me,” she moaned.

“Don’t go dying on me,” Orlando whispered. “I need you.”

“I need you too.”

He slid a finger into her and thrust until she grabbed his wrist and begged him to give her what she really needed.

“Tell me,” he breathed against her cheek. “Tell me what you want.”

“Make love to me.”

“Is that what you want?”

He could hear the gentle amusement in his voice. She looked up at him and smiled. “Fuck me.”

And he did. There was nothing gentle about it. The thrusts matched the force of his need until she quaked from it and screamed so loudly she feared they’d wake up the sleeping child down the hall. She bit into his shoulder trying to control her cries but it was no use when the orgasm finally claimed her. He covered her mouth with his, kissing away the screams until he couldn’t control his own.

“Yeah you’re definitely going to be the death of me,” she teased once her heart resumed beating at a regular pace.

He kissed her. “Unless you take me out first.”

Katrina fell asleep cuddled into him feeling like the Universe finally set itself right.



***

Katrina was jolted out of sleep by a scream that turned her blood to ice. She came to, disoriented, expecting to find an empty space in the bed beside her. Jamie had less rough nights but the night terrors occasionally came. Her eyes welled with tears when she realized Orlando was thrashing in bed. The whimpers were so unlike the strong, confident man she knew that her heart broke. She held his hand and tried to break through the night terror by whispering comforting words but it didn’t work. He continued thrashing and whispering ‘I didn’t mean it’ over and over again.

“Wake up baby. It’s just a bad dream,” she said even though she knew it was furthest from the truth. The way Orlando described his night terrors to her that fateful night at Disney made her hair stand on edge. She straddled him and placed her palms on his cheeks desperate to free him from whatever hell he was trapped in.

He came back to her slowly. Her blood finally started flowing through her veins again.

She kissed him. “Are you okay?”

“Maybe after another one of those.”

He tried to joke but it fell flat. She could still hear the panic in his voice. Katrina wished her kisses could really take the fear away.

“Tell me about it.”

Orlando started to speak, stopped and remained silent. As the seconds ticked by she thought he wouldn’t answer at all and when he begun to speak she wished he hadn’t.

“I killed my mother,” he said softly.

Katrina’s mind spun. Her heart thumped hard against her chest. “What do you mean?”

“I don’t think she accidentally overdosed. What’re the odds that twenty minutes after I screamed all those hateful things at her she was dead?”

Katrina wanted to pull that broken boy into her arms and soothe all of the pain away.

“You were a child O,” she said. “You were a victim of your mother’s decisions. Not the other way around.”

“She was already wounded and I broke her.”

She wiped away the tears freely flowing down his cheek and then kissed the remaining droplets away.

“Don’t say that.”

She couldn’t think of anything else to say so she hugged him while the silent tears became raw, shuddering sobs.

“What if I’m just like her? What if I let everyone down?”

The question reverberated in the silent room.

“You aren’t,” she said. “Look at the life you created Orlando. You’re not letting anyone down.”

“The children of addicts…”

“… are more likely to be addicts,” she finished for him. “But you aren’t just a child of an addict. You are the man who could’ve ditched his past but you gave back. You nurtured and loved Jamie so much that when his life fell apart he cried out for you. You’re the man I love.”

“I already let you down,” he said softly. “Maybe I shouldn’t have bullied my way back into your life.”

“Don’t make me slap you Orlando Isaiah Johnson,” she said. She knew it was his insecurities talking but she couldn’t stop the wave of anger she felt.

“I let you walk away from me before,” she said. “It isn’t happening again.”

“Really?”

A ghost of a genuine smile filled his face and she felt like a million dollars.

“Really. You’d be at my mercy.”

“How would you stop me?”

Katrina kissed him and pretended to think. “I’d tie you up.”

He chuckled then and the sound loosened the knot in her chest.

“Now that I would like to see.”

Katrina grinned. “Okay.”

Before he could respond she hopped off the bed and sauntered over to his walk in closet. She grabbed the first three ties her hand landed on and returned to the bed waving them above her head. “Challenge accepted.”

Then, for the next couple hours she showed him just what it would be like to be at her mercy as they made love until the sun rose in the sky and Orlando’s night terrors were forgotten.





CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN



Orlando was the last Johnson brother to show up to Jaxon’s house the following Thursday night. He tried to organize his work schedule to make sure he got to the games night on time but a crisis popped up just as he was heading out the door.

Jaxon looked up from his cards when Orlando sauntered into the kitchen and muttered, “Thank God.”

He glanced at JT and Jasper, rolled his eyes, loosened his tie and grabbed the nearest seat. JT had just come back from his honeymoon and Orlando had expected him and Jasper to have sorted out whatever was happening between them.

“What we’re not gonna do tonight,” Orlando said. “is this bullshit. I’ve had a good week and you guys aren’t ruining it with your petty shit.”

JT laughed, unaffected as expected by Orlando’s scolding. Jasper flashed him a look that would have disturbed him if he thought Jasper had a malicious bone in his body. He and Jaxon still had no idea what was going on between their brothers but it was beginning to grate on his nerves. He refused to allow them to dim the excitement he’d been feeling since he walked into his favorite jewelry store earlier that week. He sat with Raphael Benta for nearly two hours until they came up with the perfect design for the engagement ring he hoped to soon give Katrina.

“I’m going to ask Katrina to marry me,” he said. He smiled and reached for a can of beer. “I think she might actually say yes.”

“Welcome to the club,” JT said. He raised his beer in a mock toast. “I’m happy for you. I always knew…”

Orlando laughed. “Yes, yes we know. You knew from the jump she was the one for me.”

They spent some time catching up between different card games, beer and the dinner Maya prepared before she took the children to spend the evening with Katrina and Jamie.

Jasper was still withdrawn and angry but Orlando refused to let it ruin his night. He and Jaxon would have to corner their brothers separately but for now he would drop it. Halfway through losing poker, his phone vibrated and he found a simple message from Katrina: I love you. Have fun.

“You look way too pleased with yourself with how badly you’re about to lose,” Jaxon noted.

“I don’t care,” he shot back with the broadest smile. “I might be losing this game but I’m finally winning at life.”



***

Katrina spent a lot of time around children with her work but it wasn’t until she began taking care of Jamie that she realized she had very little experience with the every day lives of children. Orlando suggested Maya and Jade come to the house for a play date while he attended his weekly games night with his brothers. She agreed even though she couldn’t see how the play date would be any fun for Jamie. Jade was, after all, nearly four years younger than the boy. Katrina wanted to spend some time with Maya, though. Conversation with her may inadvertently give her an idea of how the family felt about her renewed romance with the second Johnson brother. Jamie chattered excitedly and ran from each room to the next as they made treats for his play date. Katrina was pulling the cookies from the oven when the doorbell rang and, with a squeal, Jamie ran to let his cousin in. It was a whirlwind from there. Jade toddled and ran as fast as her chubby legs would carry her around the living area with Jamie. They laughed, yelled and played until it was time to rein them in and get them settled for bed. She glanced into Jamie’s semi-lit room one last time and smiled at Jade sprawled all over the little boy. Both of their tiny snores filled the quiet room. Jamie wasn’t just an amazing little boy, she realized. He would make an amazing big brother some day. She closed the door and tried to stop her mind from wandering down paths it had no business traveling at that time.

“I swear I’m always more worn out at the end of play dates than the kids are,” Maya said with a laugh when Katrina returned to the living room with a glass of sparkling apple juice. She handed the glass to Maya and clutched her large glass of Chardonnay with a smile. Maya rubbed her swollen belly. “I swear I want to drink twice as much when I’m pregnant. It’s like knowing I can’t have that glass of wine makes me want it ten times more.”

“Well you know what they say about forbidden fruit.”

She and Maya fell into easy conversation. They discussed the children, their childhood and even had a healthy debate about the problems in the foster care system. It was while they shared the Johnson traits they found most frustrating in their men that Katrina decided she really liked Maya.

“I’m happy you and Orlando found each other again,” Maya said. “I’ve never seen him so content.”

“I can’t remember when I was last so content,” she said. “I’m just scared.”

“I understand. I was scared each step of the way with Jaxon but he was the best risk I’ve ever taken.”

Katrina held on to those comforting words. She wanted the life she’d begun to build with him and the sweet, little boy sleeping down the hall.

“I told him I loved him the other night.”

Maya smiled at her. “I bet that was hard.”

Katrina laughed, sipped at the wine and nodded. “As hell, but there was so much relief once I finally said it.”

“Life’s too short,” Maya commented. “Don’t let fear rule you.”

Katrina was about to agree when the ‘Breaking News’ sign flashing across the screen caught her eye. She turned up the volume and immediately wished she hadn’t. The body of a young University student was found in her bedroom and her boyfriend was held for questioning. She turned her attention away from the grim faced newscaster and the montage of photos of a young, pretty, redheaded girl. Katrina doubted Carla Rhodes had any clue her young life was about to end. She wondered what she would have done differently if she knew that this would be her last day on earth. Maya was right. Life was short. Too short. Maya was done running.

Hours later she lay in bed with Orlando still covered in the sheen of their lovemaking and told him about her epiphany.

“I love you,” he said.

She grinned. “I know. Is the offer to move in still available?”

He kissed her: deeply, passionately so that she could taste the joy on his lips.

“Of course.”

“I’ll be in by weekend,” she promised.

“You’ve made me the happiest man alive,” Orlando said planting kisses along her jaw.

“Really?” she said, her voice thick with desire. “Come show me how happy I make you.”





CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT



Orlando could remember every single detail about the second everything fell apart. He’d been in his office responding to emails waiting for Katrina to be ready for lunch when his phone rang. His secretary sounded frazzled on the line but he didn’t recognize the panicked note in her voice until after. There was someone who wanted to see him and he instructed her to send the person through. He wasn’t busy and hadn’t thought to ask for more details. God, he wished he had asked for more details. Maybe then he would have been more prepared for the missile aimed directly at his life. The missile wore a black buttoned down shirt with faded jeans. His hair was closely shaved and he smiled a smile Orlando knew like the back of his hand. He outstretched his hand to Orlando. He took it and shook it on autopilot. The man looked at him with familiar eyes. Jamie’s eyes.

“I’m Harvey Matthews,” he said. He pulled a crumpled piece of paper from his pocket and handed it to Orlando.

“One of my friends told me to check the paper and I couldn’t ignore the obvious,” he continued. “I did some quick calculations and I had to come see you, man. I think that little boy you’re fostering is mine.”

Orlando sat and motioned for Harvey to sit too. The world seemed to spin before him. I think, Harvey had said but there was no thinking necessary. Jamie was the splitting image of the man sitting in front of him. Orlando had a clear picture of what Jamie would look like in the next two decades. He tried to find the right words… any words but he couldn’t seem to make his brain move past the panic he felt. The thought of losing Jamie filled him with searing, crippling pain like he hadn’t felt since his mother died. Eventually he found some words.

“Where have you been all his life?”

He’d tried to keep the incredulous anger out his voice but from the way Harvey’s back stiffened Orlando knew he failed.

“I didn’t know about him,” the man said. “Is Irma his mother?”

Orlando nodded.

“Where the fuck is she?” he asked. “She said she was going to have an abortion. I gave her the money.”

“Irma is dead,” Orlando said. “Drug overdose.”

A look passed over Harvey’s face but Orlando couldn’t read it. After several seconds passed, Harvey spoke again. “I want to see my son.”

This time it was Orlando whose back stiffened. “First we will have to determine he is your son.”

He fingered through his wallet and handed him a card.

“This is Jamie’s social worker’s number,” he said. “I figure he is the person you need to talk to.”

Harvey started talking but stopped and took the card. “We will be in touch.”

Then the man who had just ripped Orlando’s life apart sauntered from his office and let the door slam behind him.



****

The entire Johnson clan congregated in their father’s corner office on the top floor of Johnson and Associates. Even JT managed to drag himself from whatever sculpture he was working on after Orlando called him. Orlando’s head swam with so many conflicting emotions that he couldn’t keep them straight. Harvey Matthews seemed to be the polar opposite of Irma Gregory. Orlando even noticed he had been wearing a wedding band. Orlando should feel thrilled for Jamie. The child was about to experience the best possible outcome to his situation. His biological father was present and wanted him. But Orlando wasn’t thrilled. He was resentful and angry. This was not the way it was supposed to work out. Even though Harvey Matthews’ blood ran through Jamie’s veins there was no way this man, this stranger, could love him more than Orlando did. Jamie was his and he wasn’t going to lose him. So Orlando did the only thing a Johnson would think to do in a time of crisis. He assembled the logic brigade, as JT so affectionately called all of the legal minds in the family. Together they would try to find a way to keep Orlando and Jamie together.

“The goal of the family court is the unification of families,” Jasper said quietly. “We’re going to have to find a very compelling reason for the Court to keep Jamie in your custody.”

“Well we will find one,” JT said. “We need to run a hell of a background check on this man.”

The group discussed legal strategies and the best private investigators until Orlando began to feel overwhelmed. He slipped out of their father’s office and walked the halls trying to regain his composure. Katrina followed after him and held his hand.

“You think I’m selfish,” he said before she could say what he knew was on her mind. “This could be something great for Jamie and I am trying to sabotage it.”

She wrapped her arms around him, rose to the tips of her toes and kissed him softly.

“Yes,” she said. “At least that is what the social worker in me is saying. The woman in me is saying something else entirely.”

“What?”

“I hope that PI finds enough skeletons to stop that man from taking our baby.”

He pulled her closer. “So do I Kitty-Kat. So do I.”

Yet, even as he held Katrina and tried to find comfort in her arms, he could feel the dark clouds close in. It didn’t matter how many years had passed or how much of a part of the Johnson family he had become. At the end of the day he was still Orlando Francis – the son of a drug addict who killed his mother with his words. He didn’t deserve a happy ending. He buried his face in the crook of Katrina’s neck fearing that when all of this was over Jamie wouldn’t be the only person he loved he would have to say goodbye to.





CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE



Katrina felt like she was living in the twilight zone. The scene unfolded in front of her but her head was fuzzy and nothing seemed to make sense. She glanced over to where Orlando stood by the door, clutching Jamie’s hand in his own and her heart broke. Sorrow etched shadows along his face and Jamie looked confused and terrified. Patrick stood there, oblivious to the pain he was causing, trying to explain how the process would work to Orlando and Harvey. She was in Patrick’s shoes so many times before and had been just as oblivious to the trail of destruction she left when a child was taken from a family who had grown to love them. She knew this case had the likely outcome social workers prayed for. Harvey Matthews was confirmed to be Jamie’s biological father and all of his background checks were coming back great. He was gainfully employed, recently married and a father of an eight month old. She should be thrilled but devastation ate away at her stomach like battery acid. This was not the way it was supposed to be. She saw the love Orlando had for the little boy who was looking up at him frightened and confused. That sort of love did not succumb to the boundaries of DNA. Jamie was right where he needed to be. Yet, that was not their mandate. The reunification of families was the top priority. Katrina looked away, trying to hide the glassiness in her eyes. From where she was standing the CPS wasn’t reunifying a family – it was tearing one apart.

She and Orlando stayed on the road outside the house for what seemed like hours after Jamie was driven away. She could still hear him crying and it chaffed at her already sore heart. She glanced at the man who had come to mean so much to her. Pain radiated off him in waves.

“We’ll get through this,” she said wrapping one arm around his waist and leaning into him. Orlando turned to her and she saw anger in his eyes for the first time. Over the last few days she’d seen sadness, resignation and frustration but never anger.

“I don’t want us to get through this,” he said. “I want us to get him back.”

Katrina wanted to tell him that at this stage the odds were very low. She had never worked on a case where a child was returned to their foster parent once a viable family member became available. The words were on the tip of her tongue but instead she pulled him closer and told Orlando a comforting lie. “We will.”



***



Orlando recognized the fog he was in over the next days for what it was. Grief. He missed Jamie. He missed the noise, the mess, the constant questions, the cuddles and his impish smiles. Orlando was well aware that life could change in a split second and often there was nothing that could be done about it but this still completely devastated him. He was so sure that things would work out – that he would have Jamie and Katrina and they would build a life together. He turned in bed and reached out to Katrina. She smiled up at him and kissed him lightly. “Morning.”

He held on to the way his chest filled with light. At least he still had her. At least he didn’t lose them both. In the hours after the CPS told him they would be placing Jamie back with his father, Orlando wondered if Katrina would leave too. He told JT over beers that the Universe was just setting things right. He didn’t deserve to be truly content and Life was just seeing to it. JT pretended to dump the beer over his head and recommended he book extra sessions with his therapist. Then, his brother told him, “Stop chilling with the darkness and focus on the light.”

His light was right here in his arms. He pressed his lips to hers and lost himself in her sweetness. Her soft curves pressed against his body made him go instantly hard.

“I love you,” he whispered dragging his lips along her cheeks and jawbone. She trembled. Focus on your light. In those moments Orlando let go of the dark clouds threatening to burst above his head. He placed kisses down her body: her neck, her collarbone, sides of her breasts and at the top of her ribcage. He enjoyed the mewling sounds Katrina made in the back of her throat. Although he couldn’t control the chaos in their lives, he was happy that there was one thing he still had the power to do. She arched her back to bring her nipples closer to his tongue and Orlando lost control.

“I need you,” he said propping himself up on his elbows so he could look at her. She smiled at him. The small smile always made his head spin and his heart go to mush.

“We’re even then.”

She kissed him as he slid inside of her. It didn’t matter how many times he made love to Katrina, it always felt like the first time. Orlando was always amazed at how well their bodies fit together. He made love to her fervently as if he could show her with each thrust that she was his entire world. He linked his fingers through hers as he felt the first stirrings of his orgasm and she began to shake under him. It wasn’t until much later when their hearts began beating normally and the sweat dried that Katrina turned to him and said, “I lied.”

“What are you talking about?”

“I can’t promise we’ll get Jaime back.”

He started to speak when she interrupted him.

“I can promise you one thing though,” she said softly.

“What?”

“I’ll always be here.”

“I know,” he said and in those moments he realized he actually believed it. “You’re my light Kitty-Kat. And I’m never letting you go.”





CHAPTER FORTY



Orlando considered skipping the traditional Johnson family Sunday lunch the week after Jamie was taken from him. He knew his family would only mean the best but he didn’t want to face them. He didn’t want to try to fabricate updates from the scant information the private investigator gave him. He did not want to admit he had no updates on Jamie. He had not seen or heard from the little boy since his social worker ushered him into the car where his father awaited him. His father. The words still twisted in his gut like a stake. How could life change so much in less than a month? How could all his plans just crumble into dust before his eyes?

“Baby?”

Katrina looked up at him with worry in her honeyed eyes and creases on her forehead. “Talk to me.”

“It’s been a long time since I showed up to one of these things without Jamie,” he said. “I feel a bit lost.”

She squeezed his hand, rose on her toes and kissed his cheek. “I’m going to bet we’re all feeling a bit lost.”



The topic of Jamie did not come up until nearly halfway through dinner. Orlando could tell that it had taken each drop of self-control his mother possessed to resist bringing it up sooner.

“Any word from Paul?”

Paul was the private investigator hired by the firm to find the necessary leverage in personal injury suits and high profile divorces. The man was scarily good at his job but was drawing a blank.

“Maybe Harvey is really a decent man,” Jasper suggested. He was staring morosely into his plate as if the words caused him physical pain. Orlando’s chest burned. At the end of the day, that was where his real conflict lay. What if Harvey was a good man? What if everything happened just the way he said it did? It would mean that he would never get Jamie back. Yet, it would mean that Jamie was given the type of ending most children of addicts couldn’t even imagine. Orlando could barely count how many times he fantasized about his biological dad finding him when he was growing up. It took years and many bitter disappointments before he understood he didn’t need to be wanted by those who shared his DNA to be worth it. The realization made him love his new family even more and he was a stronger man for it. He wouldn’t wish the experience on anyone else though, especially the little boy he loved so much. So why the hell was he wishing they would find dirt on Harvey? That made him the worst type of person. Selfish. Just like his mother and his father.



It wasn’t until much later when Grams Nona found him out on the porch swing that Orlando spoke those words out loud.

“You’re not a horrible person,” she said resting her head on his shoulder. “You’re human. If you were really selfish you wouldn’t be having this struggle.”

“I’ve lost him.”

His grandmother rose from the swing, placed a hand on each shoulder and said. “Only if you want to.”

“What do you mean? Harvey ticks all the boxes, especially the most important one. There is no way I’ll get him back.”

Grams Nona looked at him for a while before she said. “Do you have to? Jamie isn’t property. Not his. Not yours. You don’t need to be his father to love him, want to spend time with him and mentor him. I understand how you’re feeling, Hedgehog, but maybe it doesn’t have to be all or nothing.”

Then, she leaned in and planted a kiss on his cheek before she left him sitting in the porch swing long after she left.



***

The waitress hovered by her station looking over at Orlando’s table as if she was contemplating, yet again, coming over and asking him if he wanted a drink. His answer hadn’t changed in the last ten minutes. No. He was waiting for someone. Orlando checked his watch and sighed. Harvey Matthews was nearly half of an hour late. Orlando reached for his cellular phone but allowed his hand to drop to the table. He would give Harvey the time. He didn’t want to come across as demanding. Nor was he keen on seeming desperate although Orlando supposed he really was. He had spent a lot of time thinking in the hours after Grams Nona dropped her sage advice and left. She was so damned right. He had spent all this time thinking that either he or Harvey had to lose but that wasn’t the case. Harvey sauntered into the restaurant some forty-five minutes after their scheduled meeting time.

“I didn’t expect you to still be here,” he said as he sat. There was no love lost between Harvey and Orlando. That much was clear.

“I’m always going to be here for Jamie.”

“I guess that’s why a weird old man has been asking everyone who knows me intrusive questions lately.”

Harvey would be sorely disappointed if he expected Orlando to be ashamed or sheep-faced because the private investigator was made out.

“I wanted to make sure you would take care of him.”

“Bullshit,” Harvey said hotly. The waitress, who had been walking towards the table, froze for a few seconds before she retreated to her station.

“You were looking for a way to take him from me,” Harvey continued. “It isn’t going to happen. Irma already stole six years from me.”

Tense silence stretched between them until Harvey eventually broke it. His voice was a bit softer. “I’ll always be grateful to you but he is my son.”

“I know,” Orlando said. “I didn’t ask you here to try to challenge that.”

“You didn’t?”

Orlando shook his head. “No. I asked you here because I was wondering if there was any way Katrina and I could still be a part of his life.”

“Like weekends or something?” Harvey asked.

Orlando’s lips curved upwards into a smile. “Yeah. Like weekends or something.”





CHAPTER FORTY-ONE

Six weeks later



Katrina propped her phone on the chest of drawers she used at Orlando’s house and twirled around.

“How do I look?” she asked the screen. Sabrina’s excited yelp was all the confirmation she needed. Katrina intended to knock the socks off Orlando that night.

“Make sure you pack a defibrillator,” her friend said through laughter. “He’s gonna need one.”

The satin dress plunged both in the front and in the back showing enough to excite him but leaving enough to the imagination to make him want to hurry through their planned dinner. The bronze shade complimented her skin tone and made her eyes pop. Katrina glanced at herself in the mirror one more time and grinned. She couldn’t wait to surprise Orlando. They agreed to meet at their favorite restaurant in the Meatpacking District because he was running a bit late from work. She delayed long enough to make sure he was already in the restaurant when she entered. His reaction made all the preparation and fuss immediately worth it. Katrina swore she saw the heat in his eyes from across the room before he rose from his chair, stalked across the room and kissed her thoroughly. The other patrons stared openly with small smiles and giggles.

“You’re so beautiful,” he whispered. The earnestness in his voice made her smile. Orlando had a way of calling her beautiful that left no room for her to disbelieve him. She kissed him again. “You’re looking pretty damn sexy yourself.”

He was wearing a crisp white shirt and a thin burgundy tie. They chatted over appetizers, entrées and dessert while working their way through two bottles of wine. There was no one else on the planet Katrina could be herself with like Orlando. It didn’t matter if they were in a five star restaurant or snuggled on the couch, when she was with him she felt like she was the best version of herself.

“I was a little surprised when you called the office and asked me out,” he said. “What are we celebrating? Are you about to propose to me?”

Katrina’s attention returned to the man sitting opposite her with a grin she wished could be trademarked and used as an antidepressant.

She laughed. “Not now you’ve gone and ruined your own surprise.”

Katrina reached across the table and took his hand in hers. “Ten years ago, on this date, you walked out of my life and pretty much shattered my belief in love.”

His eyes widened slightly and he started to speak but she stopped him by lightly squeezing his hand.

“I would have died a couple months ago before I told you this. But, on this date each year I have always been in the worst mood. I threw myself the biggest pity party year after year. I wanted a different memory this year. I wanted to celebrate our second chance.”

“I’m never letting you down like that again,” Orlando said. Katrina swore her staunch, rarely emotive man had glassy eyes.

“I know you won’t,” she said. “Here’s to our new beginning.”

He tipped his wine glass to Katrina’s. She smiled. It had taken a decade but she knew she’d finally exorcized the ghost of their past.



****



Orlando had always considered himself a strong man but he’d never had to put it to test until he saw Katrina walk into the restaurant. The dressed hugged her curves in ways that should have come with safety warnings. She searched the packed restaurant for him and smiled when her gaze landed on him. God, he loved this woman. He turned in bed and pulled her sleeping form closer to him. Dinner was great but nothing compared to the love they made when they stumbled back into the house later that night. His heart had barely recovered from the shock of seeing her in the dress but he wasn’t prepared for what was under it. He was surprised that she was wearing a bra with the way her dress had plunged – if he could call the thin, scraps of silver lace a bra. But it was the panties and garter that made his heart rate shoot up. The line of rhinestones stretching to form an arrow down past her bellybutton stole his breath. She looked up at him with a little smile and said, “In case you needed a map to where I want you.”

They hadn’t made gentle love. Lust consumed them and they allowed themselves to be led by its siren call. There was nothing left but their moans, entangled limbs and the all-encompassing pleasure he found each time he thrust in and out of her wet warmth. When they finally found their release together Orlando was sure his heart would never beat normally again. Now, hours later he planted a kiss on her forehead and realized whether in the throes of passion or not – his heart would never beat normally again.





CHAPTER FORTY-TWO



“I almost proposed to her about ten times last night.”

Orlando might have been exaggerating but not by much. There had been many moments during his impromptu date night with Katrina that he wanted to get down on one knee and ask her to start their new chapter. It would have been sweet and poignant and Orlando spent many hours the next day wondering if he had missed a memorable opportunity. Jaxon and JT laughed. They had been patiently listening to him talk about Katrina since he’d arrived at Jaxon’s house for games night half an hour before.

“Remind us why you didn’t propose again?” Jaxon asked.

“Jamie and I already have a plan. I didn’t want to ruin it.”

He and the little boy spent weeks perfecting what Jamie referred to as the “best proposal ever” and it was his desire to have Jamie be a part of the special moment that kept him from reaching for the ring each time.

“How’s the little man doing?”

This was from Jasper who, until now, had been sitting sullenly on Jaxon’s couch.

“He’s doing great. I think our arrangement is going well too.”

Things had been difficult between him and Harvey in the start but everything was getting progressively better. Jamie didn’t handle things well initially but Dr. Saint-Lee was able to get through to him. It seemed that the sweet, sensitive boy was worried that loving both Harvey and Orlando would make the other angry. It was only when they both assured him everything would be okay that he begun to flourish. Orlando was happy to see the light back in his eyes.

Orlando currently had Jamie every other weekend and he visited him in Brooklyn where he lived with his father once or twice per week. The first time he showed up to the house with the huge yard and a nearby park he felt himself relax. Jamie was going to have a great childhood. It wasn’t that he had his own room or a trampoline in the backyard that convinced him. It was that it was obvious Harvey adored his son and was anxious to make up for lost time and his stepmother, Gilda, was patient and loving to him. Jamie was in love with his little sister and the overly energetic terrier, Munchkin, who was always glued to his side.

Orlando insisted he would continue paying Dr. Saint-Lee, for Jamie’s private schooling and set up a small trust fund he could access when he reached twenty-one. The tensions burned the hottest then. Harvey accused Orlando of thinking he couldn’t properly provide for Jamie even though he was doing an excellent job and providing for his wife and baby girl.

“I’m not doubting your ability to give him a great life,” Orlando said. “I love this kid. I just want to be useful to him. I was planning on raising him and now I can’t. Please let me help take care of him in a meaningful way.”

Orlando’s vulnerability was what it really took for Harvey to see that he had no intention of working against him. Jamie’s happiness was their ultimate goal. Orlando wasn’t naïve enough to think that things would always run smoothly but he was more confident than he had been in a long time. He was happy. Harvey was happy. Jamie was happy. Life was different than he expected it to be but it was good. He had a feeling they were all going to be okay.

****

The doorbell jolted Katrina from the nap she’d fallen into while reading over case files. She swung open the door and stared in horror. “Oh my God, what’s wrong?”

Jasmine stood on the other side barely able to contain the tears streaming down her face. She swiped them away and smiled. “It is less serious than it looks. I’m just angry and I cry because I can’t break things… or people. Is ‘Lando in?”

Katrina stepped aside and allowed the youngest Johnson to come in. She was still dressed in a sleek, black suit so Katrina assumed she was coming straight from work.

“No he’s not. He’s at Jaxon’s…”

“Wow,” Jasmine said. “I didn’t even realize today was Thursday.”

Katrina chuckled. “Come let me fix you a plate of something and pour you a glass of wine.”

“Wine first please!”

Jasmine kicked off her heels and padded barefooted behind Katrina into the kitchen.

“Rough day, huh?”

“Just an average day dealing with the Devil.”

The offhand statement caught Katrina off guard. She spun around. “The Devil?”

Jasmine sat at the island and took a large gulp of the wine glass Katrina passed to her.

“Alec Alvarez,” she began. “He’s another Associate at the firm and hates me.”

Katrina was taken aback. Jasmine was a quirky, fun and kind woman so she had a hard time imagining anyone hating her.

“Maybe he likes you?” Katrina suggested. “I did a good job of pretending to hate Orlando for a while there.”

Jasmine smiled widely. “I’m glad you guys cut the bullshit. Maya also thinks Alec has some misplaced crush but I don’t. He loathes me because I am a Johnson.”

“So he treats all you guys like this?”

“That’s the thing,” Jasmine said. “He’s fine with the guys. Today he made some snide comments while we were trying to conduct research for an appeal and that’s when I realized I needed to tell Orlando and Jaxon what’s up. His attitude is like a spreading cancer. There are other new associates who have started being difficult with me.”

Katrina pulled her into a big hug. “Workplace drama is so unnecessary and stressful. Let’s go egg his apartment?”

Jasmine laughed. Katrina was happy to see a lot of the tension lift from her face. They spent the next couple hours watching TV and catching up while they finished a bottle of wine. When Jasmine was leaving, she pulled her into a hug. “Thanks sis. Maybe we should start our own Thursday night routine. Thank God you and ‘Lando found each other again. I’m so happy you’re a part of the family.”

“Well not yet…”

Jasmine grinned. “Please. I know my brother. I’ve already picked my wedding outfit.”

Jasmine winked at her and smiled before she closed the door leaving Katrina sitting on the couch wondering if Jasmine was just playing around or if Orlando had bigger surprises in store for her.





CHAPTER FORTY-THREE



Orlando couldn’t decide if his stomach was flip-flopping because of nerves or the sweetest anticipation. Katrina had stepped out for her weekend morning yoga session and, hopefully, had no idea about how the rest of her day would turn out. The last two weeks had been hard for Orlando’s self control. Each time she smiled at him, crinkled her nose when she laughed or looked up at him with affection-filled eyes, Orlando was desperate to ask her to marry him. His carefully crafted plan with Jamie always seemed unnecessary in those moments but Orlando was able to fight it. The little boy was looking forward to “their” proposal almost more than Orlando was and took pride in the small touches he’d thought up.

“Is she back yet?”

Jamie wiped sleep from his eyes before looking around for any sign that Katrina had finished with her exercise. Orlando tossed him an apple and grinned. “Not since you asked two minutes ago. Let’s go get our outfits ready. Sitting around here won’t make her come home any sooner.”

They were half way through picking out outfits and changes of clothes when Katrina stuck her head into Jamie’s room.

“You’re up early,” she said. “What’s going on?”

“Juice and I have a surprise,” Jamie squealed before dissolving into a fit of giggles. Orlando cast him an amused glance. It seemed like his sidekick was at risk of selling him out before the day even got started.

Katrina raised an eyebrow and looked to Orlando. “A surprise huh?”

“It’s more for Jamie than you. I’m taking you both to Rye Playland.”

She seemed to accept this as the reason for Jamie practically bouncing off the walls and thankfully he seemed too preoccupied with shoving her outfit at her to let anything else slip.

“It’s so we match,” Jamie was saying as Katrina held up the navy blue shirt he’d just handed her.

Orlando smiled at Katrina. “Do you remember why?”

She took two steps further into the room, reached for Orlando’s shoulder and pulled him towards her. Her lips met his with short, sweet pressure. “So that everyone knows we belong to each other.”

“Bingo.”

He kissed her even though he still smiled widely. It was nothing short of a miracle how much things had changed since their first trip. They didn’t need to wear the same color shirt for people to know they belonged to each other. Their body language was the most powerful statement.

“Let’s go have some fun!” Jamie squealed across the room.



***

Jamie got his wish. Orlando couldn’t remember the last time he’d had so much fun. He was full of snacks and slushies, his ears rang from both Jamie and Katrina’s screams and his feet were wobbly from going on the largest rollercoaster in the park three times too many. He and Katrina walked hand in hand among the thrust of people with their extra large sodas and colorful cotton candy while Jamie ran ahead selecting new rides. Orlando couldn’t help but laugh as he watched the six year old’s boundless energy.

“I wish they bottled that kind of energy,” he whispered to Katrina. He kissed her cheek. “I love you so much.”

She blessed him with that smile he would never consider himself worthy of. “I love you too.”

“Even though I was an idiot and didn’t appreciate you the first time?”

She chuckled. “Even though.”

“Even though my mother was a drug addict and my father didn’t think I was worth sticking around for.”

Her smile vanished as she looked up at him. “Even more so.”

There was so much earnestness there – so much acceptance – so much love. He wished he had known a decade ago what he knew now. His demons were no match for her love. She didn’t give any more of a damn about the squalid apartment he grew up in than she did about his family’s wealth. She didn’t see his scars as weaknesses. She didn’t mind that some nights he awoke with screams on his lips and terror in his eyes. She wanted him and the life they would build together. And, she’d known that from the start. Orlando wanted to wait. He knew he should wait for the special DVD he and Jamie had created which would start playing on the large projector at the food court once he gave the signal. He knew he definitely should wait because Jamie currently had the ring tucked in the small knapsack that hadn’t left his back. But, he couldn’t.

“I’m never letting you go,” he said.

She chuckled. “I’m going to hold you to that.”

Orlando dropped to his knee so abruptly the couple walking behind them had to dodge to avoid the collision.

“Katrina Marie Bolton, the world can be a dark, dark place but you are my light. I once thought you were too beautiful, too perfect, too precious to be with me. I knew you would light my world but I thought I would bring darkness to yours. I was so so stupid,” he said. “But the Universe decided to help a brother out and brought you back to me. Please stay Kitty-Kat. Stay forever. Will you marry me?”

“Yes I will,” she breathed. She pulled him up into the tightest hug and kissed him until it was clear just how much she meant it. It wasn’t until they pulled away from each other breathless with excitement that Orlando felt his shirt being tugged. He looked down to find Jamie scowling up at him.

“This isn’t how we practiced,” he said. “You stole my part.”

Orlando held on to Katrina’s hand and turned her around so that Jamie stood directly in front of her.

“Take it away little man,” he said. Jamie fumbled through his bag until he found the red velvet box. He looked up at Katrina with the same awestruck shyness he’d had from the first day they met.

“Will you marry Juice?” he asked with a gap-toothed smile. “He really, really likes you.”

He would never forget the way Katrina’s eyes lit up and she laughed as Jamie handed her the unopened box. She gave it to Orlando who opened it and slid the ring he’d spent months designing on her finger. The large, oval diamond was set in a ruby studded infinity band.

“It’s beautiful,” she said. He wiped the tears from her eyes. It was stunning but it could not compete with the woman in his arms.

“Come,” Orlando said. “Jamie and I have a lot to show you.”

They finally made their way to the food court where Katrina sat cuddled in his lap as they showed her the slideshow he and Jamie spent the last month putting together. Then, they brought her home for the surprise celebratory dinner his mother had helped him plan. He watched his family envelope her in hugs and excited chatter and knew she would fit right in. Later, when everyone had gone and Jamie was fast asleep in his room, he showed her with each touch, caress and kiss how he would worship her.

Orlando lay awake watching her long after she fell asleep. Maybe each wretched moment of his life was meant to bring him to this. If that was the case, he would live them all again and again – even his stupid mistake of letting her go. He had said to her that the world was filled with darkness but how could that be when he held his world right there in his arms? Katrina was his love. His light. He thanked God that she was willing to take the ride with him just one more time. He got his second chance but he would never need another. He would love her now, tomorrow and to infinity. She shifted in bed under his gaze. “What are you staring at?”

He smiled at the sleepiness in her voice.

“Welcome to our forever,” he whispered. Katrina grinned and leaned up for a kiss. “The best is yet to come.”





EPILOGUE



Jasmine had been at Orlando and Katrina’s engagement party for over thirty minutes when she first spotted him. She squeezed the champagne glass’ stem so tightly her brother, Jasper, chuckled.

“Easy,” her twin laughed. “The champagne glass never did you any wrong.”

She didn’t respond to her brother’s teasing but instead watched Alec Alvarez strut around the hotel’s ballroom with the annoying smirk she always wanted to slap off his face. He spotted her from across the ballroom and instantly stiffened. Jasmine narrowed her eyes. She wouldn’t be surprised if he stalked over here and accused her of relying on her family’s name to secure an invitation to her brother’s engagement party. She was relieved when he remained rooted in place but her relief was short lived when after a few minutes he began walking towards her and Jasper.

“Johnson,” he said nodding at Jasper before turning to her. “Jasmine.”

It always shocked Jasmine just how cordial Alec managed to be with her brothers when he was downright hostile to her. In fact, the few times she tried to broach the topic of how uncomfortable Alec made her – Jasper wrote it off as being unnecessarily sensitive. And, Orlando considered him a good enough colleague to be invited to his bloody engagement party.

She escaped once Alec starting talking to Jaxon about some basketball game or the other. She may be required to play nice with Alec during work hours but she wasn’t about to do that on what should be one of the happiest nights of her brother’s life. She looked across the room where Orlando was dropping a kiss on his new fiancée’s lips. Nearby, Jamie, the little boy who stole their hearts was chatting excitedly to his biological father and stepmother. He ran from Harvey to Orlando and Katrina and Harvey shot her brother a knowing look. It warmed her heart to see how beautifully everything played out. Orlando found love and Jamie found himself the centre of attention of two wonderful families. On the other side of the room, Jaxon led his very pregnant wife to the canapé table. JT and Maya were late, as usual. It seemed like all her siblings were becoming lucky in love when she proved time and time again that she didn’t know one iota about it. Jasmine was the youngest Johnson, by three whole minutes, and the only one to have had been married and divorced. Jasper seemed to be quite shit at the love game as well. Jasmine wondered if it was a twin curse.



She spotted her father hovering over by the wine bar and made a beeline for him before someone else could catch his attention.

“Hey pumpkin,” her dad said after she embraced him. Jasmine glanced over to where Alec chatted with a few of the other associates almost as if he could hear her father’s affectionate greeting. She stiffened. Great, the idiot was in her head.

“Did I tell you that you’re being assigned to the Tyler Atkins case?”

That brought her up. Her blood was alight with excitement. The Atkins case was going to be one for the books and although she was in the minority, Jasmine believed genuinely that he might be innocent. She didn’t know of an associate in the criminal division who wasn’t dying to get assigned to the case.

“The leads on the case asked for four associates specifically,” her father continued.

“Who’ll be my best friends for the next couple months?” she asked with a smile.

“Leslie Hamilton, Isaac Jackman and Alec Alvarez,” her father continued. He stuffed an olive into his mouth oblivious to how his words affected Jasmine. She felt her excitement wane as she sought Alec out again. Their eyes met and he narrowed his. Great. These were going to be the longest months of her life.



THE END

####





Join the mailing list for news, updates, giveaways and exclusive content.





OTHER WORKS BY THE AUTHOR





UNEXPECTED LOVERS SERIES

Sail With Me (Emerson and Jonathan)





FALLING LIKE A JOHNSON SERIES



The Gift (Jaxon and Maya)

Will You Be Mine? (JT and Hallie)



SHORT STORY COMPILATIONS



Love Bites – A Collection of Short Stories





THE GIFT





CHAPTER ONE



Jaxon Johnson tipped his head back and grimaced as the amber liquid in his tumbler scorched its way down his sore throat. He tried to avoid the eager gazes of the sea of people milling around his living room but sometimes failed. Those who managed to catch his eye offered him solemn smiles before they went back to chattering amongst themselves or filling their plates with the hor d’oeuvres his mother’s favorite catering company provided. Bradley Catering was indeed skilled at any occasion. They’d catered Johnson business dinners, weddings, baby showers and now, funerals.



Anger was acid in his stomach. These people enjoyed themselves much in the same way they enjoyed a company dinner. Even the faces were damned familiar. He spotted Daryl Hodges from the litigation department standing too close to Bonnie, the paralegal Daryl attempted to take home after each office party. She was being politely dismissive to him, as usual. Across the room stood Michael Samuels, a District judge his father played golf with at least three times per year. He ticked the familiar faces off in his mind – the lawyers, the judges, business colleagues and the odd aspiring politician most likely trying to line their campaign coffers with Johnson money. He took another sip of scotch and noticed Raymond Sheppard, one of Johnson and Associates’ most prominent clients, looking in his direction. The man popped a dainty sandwich into his mouth then wove his way through the sea of black towards him. Jaxon muttered a curse under his breath. He scanned the room looking for an escape but when he found none, he stood straighter and stiffened his back.



The burly man brought his hand to Jaxon as if he were going to pat him on his back but seemed to rethink it. He let his hand to drop to his side.

“My deepest and sincerest condolences,” he said. “I can’t begin to imagine how rough this is for you.”

You’re not making it any easier, Jaxon thought. Instead he said, “Thanks for coming.”

The seconds ticked by with tense silence before Jaxon spoke. He muttered the words he knew the man wanted to hear. “Your support means a lot.”

It didn’t. Jaxon would gladly boot everyone from his townhouse if he half thought he could get away with it. He’d put Charlotte in the ground less than three hours before and the last thing he wanted was to be surrounded by a group of people. He didn’t want to make small talk. He didn’t want to restrain himself. He wanted to be drunk out of his mind and numb to the aching pain in the middle of his chest. In the end it was easier to allow his mother and grandmother to plan Charlotte’s reception than it was to fight them. He just wished he had known they would invite everyone he knew. Most of these people had never even met Charlotte but came along to the reception, as they had the funeral, to pay their respects to his family. None of them could begin to understand the depth of the pain losing Charlotte caused. God, he envied them. When they finished paying their respects they’d walk out of his townhouse and back to their tidy lives. He would remain trapped in the hell where he spent every night lying in his darkened room watching shadows dance on his ceiling while bargaining with God or any deity to bring his sweet girl back. He would continue to spend his mornings being jolted awake in cold sweat when he reached for his wife and found an empty, cold bed. Jaxon’s chest tightened. Nothing was bringing Charlotte back. Nothing could. His family connections couldn’t. His wealth would never be enough and neither would his pleadings with God. His wife was dead. A bullet to the chest, a quarter of an inch thick, shattered his life into pieces he wasn’t sure he’d be able to put back together.



The sea of people swam before Jaxon so he took two steps backwards until he felt the wall behind him. He tried to anchor himself, suddenly feeling like he didn’t have the strength to stand upright. He divided his life into two parts. The life he lived before he received that phone call and the fragmented pieces of the life he lived now.



His life with Charlotte seemed so foreign and so distant that at his worst Jaxon wondered if he dreamt up their time together. Grief washed over him, sudden and thick, when he remembered the last time he’d seen his wife.

Six weeks. Five days. Fifteen hours.

The images flashed through his mind punctuated with fresh stabs of pain. They were curled up in bed with the first stirrings of sunlight peaking through the floor to ceiling windows. Charlotte lay with the cotton sheets pulled around her body and her tightly coiled, thick, black hair spread out on the white sheets, damp from their early morning love making. He’d been running late for an early pre-trial meeting but wasn’t ready to leave his warm bed or his lovely wife. Charlotte smiled up at him, “Your last name might be on the firm’s letterhead but your dad could still fire your ass.”

When he finally dragged himself out of bed she grinned and said, “Maya and I are running a special errand today.”

She stretched, feline like, before propping herself up against the ornate oak headboard, “I’ll tell you all about it over dinner.”

Jaxon crawled over the plush sheets and planted a kiss on her upturned lips, “I don’t give a damn about anything Maya gets up to.”

Hurt flashed across Charlotte’s face but was quickly replaced by a warm smile as she reached in for another kiss. Jaxon was relieved his comment didn’t start an argument. He and Charlotte didn’t argue much but whenever they did, the fights were usually about Maya. He didn’t get along with her best friend and he didn’t think he ever would or ever wished to.

“This errand is all about us,” Charlotte promised.



Jaxon spent most of his day looking forward to Charlotte’s surprise. But dinner never came. Two hours before that phone call Charlotte sent him a short text: Gonna be late. Maya’s dragging me to the bank and won’t take no for an answer. Let’s meet an hour later? I love you.

Jaxon was working on some important commercial transaction so he casually read the text and returned to work. He didn’t think twice about not responding. He figured he’d see Charlotte at dinner, albeit late, and tell her off, for the millionth time, about the extent she allowed Maya to control her life.

Had Jaxon known that less than an hour later Charlotte would lie on the floor of a bank with her blood pooling around her on the dark carpet he’d have done everything in his power to make her stand up to her bully of a best friend. As it was, Jaxon had to live with knowing his wife died without him being able to say goodbye or tell her that she was the most important thing in his universe.



If the phone call telling him Charlotte died in a botched robbery tilted his world off its axis, identifying her body at the morgue shattered it. The memory of Charlotte lying on the cold, sterile table still haunted him each night.



It wasn’t the small drop of blood contrasting against the white sheet wrapped around her that caused the most pain. No, it was the silence. It was the stillness. Charlotte had always been a bundle of energy. It was what caught his interest and what kept him falling in love with her over and over again. He traced his finger along her mouth despairing that her lips would never curve into a smile again, laughter would never spill forth from her tongue and the secret she was so excited to share at dinner died with her. Jaxon tensed. That wasn’t strictly the truth.

Maya and I are going on a special errand today.

At least one person knew what his wife wanted to share with him but Jaxon would rather come face to face with the Devil than talk to Charlotte’s best friend. If that were the price for finding out Charlotte’s surprise he’d allow curiosity to kill him over and over again.

“You good?”

Jaxon tried to blink away the memories and focus on his younger brother who seemed to have appeared out of nowhere.

“I’m fine.”

JT raised a pierced eyebrow and shook his head, “Don’t bullshit me Jax. You should’ve followed my plan.”

JT, the proverbial black sheep of the family, had suggested Jaxon went straight from the funeral to a hotel where he could hide out for the night. Jaxon wished he’d listened to him much in the same way he wished he’d listened to JT’s suggestion that one of their siblings identify Charlotte’s body instead of him.

“I’ll be fine.”

“No you won’t. None of these idiots look like they’re in a hurry to leave. Let me take you back to my apartment. You don’t need this fucking circus right now.”

That was something they could both easily agree on and Jaxon was about to take JT up on his offer when he glimpsed someone else walking towards him. She was wearing a loosely fitted black dress and her hair fell around her shoulders. Anger; red and hot, replaced the grief which had been so close to drowning him. He embraced it. It was a relief to feel something other than crippling pain.

“What the fuck are you doing here?” he asked when she was close to him. Those nearest to them stopped talking abruptly and observed the scene set up before them without bothering to hide the curious stares. JT held Jaxon’s shoulder and whispered fiercely, “Not here Jax.”

Jaxon ignored him.

“Get the hell out of my house Maya.”

Maya’s face tightened but Jaxon didn’t back down. He’d caught glimpses of her at the funeral but tried his best to ignore her. He didn’t have the power to ban Charlotte’s best friend from her funeral but he could sure as hell boot the cause of his wife’s death from his house. He hadn’t come face to face with Maya since a week after Charlotte’s death and the depth of his anger surprised him. He’d always believed a man should never hit a woman but his hands curled into a fist at his side all the same.

“Get out.” Jaxon clenched his jaw in a last ditch effort to remain in control. Maya surprised him by staying in place. It was almost as if she’d dug her ballet flats into the forest green carpet and grew roots there.

“We need to talk Jaxon.”

Her voice added fuel to the already raging fire and it was only JT’s tightening grip on Jaxon’s shoulder that prevented him from doing something he’d regret bitterly in the morning.

“I don’t have anything else to say to you Maya. Just leave.”

She stiffened. “Too bad. I’ve got a lot to say to you.”

“I know listening to what other people want isn’t your strong point,” he spat. Jaxon paused, feeling pleased with himself when he saw the guilt flash across her face. He clenched his fist more tightly. “Thanks to you Charlotte is gone. There isn’t a damn thing linking us now. I don’t have to pretend to like you and I sure as hell do not have listen to anything you have to say.”



The words burned like venom on his tongue. Jaxon imagined Charlotte would crinkle her forehead as she playfully punched him in the arm and urged him to be nice to Maya. She’d be very disappointed but Jaxon didn’t care. He was running low on hope and patience. Maya led Charlotte to her death that day because she couldn’t, for once in her life, think of someone other than herself.

“You’re wrong,” she said softly. “Can we please go somewhere and talk?”

Her voice broke but Jaxon ignored it. Fine. If she wouldn’t leave, he would. He flicked his head towards JT ignoring the confusion etched on his brother’s face, “Let’s go.”

Jaxon forced his feet forward and began to walk past Maya. He’d barely taken three steps when she spoke. Her voice was soft and firm but it shook like hell around the edges.

Her words shattered what was left of Jaxon’s world.

“We’re still linked Jaxon. I’m having your baby.”





CHAPTER TWO



Maya Jenkins’ heart thumped hard against her ribcage. Finally saying the words she’d kept locked inside for six and a half weeks felt like a boulder was lifted off her shoulder. Only, Maya was finding that the boulder had been holding her upright. Maya didn’t think a black man could go pale but Jaxon’s deep chestnut complexion turned ashen before her eyes. In the end it was his brother who reacted first. JT caught up with Jaxon in one long stride and whispered something into his ear. Her best friend’s widower visibly deflated and walked out of the living room.



The people milling around the living room, in their expensive, black suits, all paused to observe the scene playing out in front of them. Some stole glances from behind wine glasses while others looked on with unabashed fascination. Maya wanted to sink into the floor, even more so when she saw the other three Johnson siblings begin to close in ranks. JT held his hand up with his palms facing out towards them. Jasmine nodded her head and the three of them stood there together by the fireplace waiting for the tiniest signal from JT so that they could spring into action. The panic Maya tried to keep at bay came rushing back. She took deep breaths to steady herself but the room continued to spin.

“Come with me.”

JT stood mere inches away with his neat dreadlocks pulled into a ponytail and his lips set into a grim line. She didn’t resist when he held her arm and led her from the sitting room into the foyer.

“What the hell is going on Maya?” he asked. Of all of Jaxon’s siblings, Maya was closest to JT. She did business with one of his friends and spent more than enough time in his presence to know he was sweet and levelheaded. For a split second she wondered if she could just tell JT everything instead. Surely he’d be better able to handle his brother than she could. The words were on the tip of her tongue but she swallowed them with the huge gasps of air she’d been taking.

“He’s in his room,” JT said eventually. “I figured that you guys needed to be away from the crowd for this conversation. Do you need me to come?”

Maya shook her head, “It’s not what you think.”

Her stomach clenched. She knew what JT must have been thinking but when she tried to set him straight, he gave her arm a soft squeeze and said, “It’s none of my business. You know the way to the room.”

Without giving her a chance to respond, JT slipped back into the living room leaving her standing in the quiet foyer alone. Maya stood rooted in place for several seconds trying to find the courage to move. She didn’t want to have this conversation with Jaxon even though she knew it was one they had to have. She placed her hand to her already slightly swollen stomach.

“Oh Charlotte,” she whispered. “What the hell am I going to do?”

Grief was a lump in her throat when she realized, not for the first time, that Charlotte would never give her advice again. They’d never have mid-morning coffee breaks at their favorite Starbucks. She’d never open a message with her friend’s favorite winking emoji. Maya held her chest hoping the action would force air through her lungs. She took in the little knickknacks in the foyer – a photo of them hanging next to a bronze vase, Charlotte’s favorite forest green coat hanging on the metal rack and barely swallowed a whimper of pain. She was standing here and Charlotte wasn’t. And, it was all her fault. Images of Charlotte lying in her arms as blood poured from gunshot wounds blindsided Maya but she took several deep breaths until the room righted itself. She would return to her private hell, where she couldn’t do anything to save her best friend, later. She needed her energy to face what lay ahead.



She walked the short distance to the kitchen and then up the stairs before stalling in front of the door to Jaxon and Charlotte’s room. She was about to have the second most difficult conversation of her adult life but she couldn’t find the words. She rapped softly and waited three seconds before pushing it open. Jaxon stood with his back facing her as he gazed out the floor to ceiling windows. She spent some time observing him. At six-three he still towered over her but she couldn’t help but notice his suit fit him too loosely. The Johnsons had enough money so that all their suits were custom made so Jaxon was either too overwhelmed or too indifferent to hide his weight loss. She glanced down at her own loose fitting dress. She may have plucked it off the racks at Macy’s but it also reminded her of just how much weight she’d lost. She made a mental note to be better about eating. She had a baby depending on her. Thoughts of the baby jolted her back to the present. She cleared her throat and after a couple of seconds Jaxon turned to face her. He looked like a bull trapped in a cage and she seemed to be waving a red flag. Maya took a deep breath and exhaled slowly through her mouth but it didn’t calm her. Her heart continued beating erratically in her chest. Jaxon stood there gazing at her for nearly a full minute with his body tense, jaw tight and eyes hard while Maya struggled to find something to say. In the end, he spoke first, “How far along are you?”

“Nearly three months,” she said softly.

“Three months?” he echoed. He was like a balloon she’d just pricked with a pin. Maya almost wished she could have the anger back.

“Charlotte was pretty devastated about the last time and she wanted to be sure the embryo took before she shared it with anyone… even you. We finished the three-week waiting period and had just come back from confirming…”

Maya allowed her voice to trail off not wanting to finish the sentence. When she’d finally agreed to be Charlotte’s gestational surrogate she never imagined they’d find themselves in this position. Their first attempt at IVF had been a disaster. Although the pregnancy test showed a positive result, shortly before the three-week mark Maya miscarried. The rollercoaster of emotions she felt had been brutal. She’d spun between feeling like she’d let her friend down and feeling damned relieved. Half the time she wasn’t sure she was ready for pregnancy, even though she would hand over the baby at the end. When the doctor gave them the all clear, Charlotte’s happy excitement was infectious and Maya knew giving up nine months of her life so that her best friend could have what she wanted the most in this world was the smallest price to pay. She squeezed her eyes shut knowing her desperate desire to be sick had nothing to do with the early stages of pregnancy. Charlotte had known she was about to be a mother for all of three hours before she was dead. Maya imagined the wide, happy grin that was suddenly permanently glued to her best friend’s face as she chattered excitedly about baby names, nursery designs and the ‘baby box’ she had stashed in her walk in closet. Charlotte had been debating whether she should go with lobster or steak for the fancy dinner she would surprise Jaxon with when the gunmen stormed in. Maya’s eyes burned. She would give anything to take those hours back.

“She was so happy Jaxon,” Maya said softly. “I don’t think I’d ever seen her so excited about anything. She was going to surprise you at dinner.”

He smiled grimly. “She would’ve had a chance to if for once in your life you’d listened to what Charlotte wanted. She didn’t want to go to the bank and you knew it. She texted me to say that you were dragging her there.”

He spat the words out so fiercely that Maya cringed.

“I didn’t kill Charlotte. I didn’t pull that trigger, ” she said. She sighed. Her voice sounded feeble to her own ears. She’d been the reason Charlotte had been in the bank that day and she couldn’t outrun the guilt gnawing at her soul. She looked up at Jaxon and almost recoiled at the look she saw in his eyes. She’d halfheartedly wished to have his anger back instead of the sad, broken man standing before her but now the anger was burning with full force she wanted to turn and run. Her stomach cramped violently when she wondered what he’d do to her if he knew the role she actually played in Charlotte’s death. Maya shook away the fear. No one knew what really happened in that bank and no one would. She would take it to her grave. Maya was so busy trying to keep the panicked guilt at bay that she almost missed when Jaxon spoke.

“Get rid of it.”

Her widened eyes met his, “You can’t mean that.”

“Don’t tell me what I mean,” he said. “I’ll set up an appointment for you.”

“No,” she said. There was a new type of panic coursing through her veins and it made her frantic. “This is the only bit of Charlotte you’ll have left.”

As soon as the words left her mouth Maya knew she’d said the wrong thing. Jaxon’s face became a macabre slideshow of pain, anger, grief and then more pain. Maya recognized those emotions. She saw them each time she looked into the mirror. She stared out the windows so that she didn’t lose her resolve. Six weeks ago she held her best friend in her arms as she died and promised her she would be a good mother to Charlotte’s unborn child. She’d go to battle with Jaxon to fulfill that promise.

“You don’t get a say in this,” Jaxon said. His voice had gone hard and he fixed his gaze on her as if he were daring her to challenge him.

Maya kept her voice calm, “It’s my body. You can’t force me to have an abortion.”

The off-white walls seemed to contract under the force of the tension in the room. Maya bit her lip until she tasted the metallic sting of blood.

“Get rid of it,” Jaxon said again. He spoke like he could command it to be so. Maya wondered if it was this firm, demanding voice that won him so many cases in the courtroom.

“It is your child,” she shouted. She took a deep breath knowing nothing could be gained from losing her temper. She tried to empathize with Jaxon’s point of view. In the weeks after Charlotte’s death, Maya often thought about abortion. If she were completely honest with herself it was one of the reasons she’d taken so long to work up the courage to tell Jaxon about the pregnancy. The thoughts were, however, as fleeting as they were usually fuelled by grief. Logically Maya knew Jaxon deserved more time to process the news. Yet, logic didn’t make his demand sting any less and she found it hard to fight the anger.

“I’ll have my assistant set up an appointment…”

“Jaxon,” she said softly. She reigned the anger in and held it deep in her belly, “Charlotte wanted…”

“Don’t you dare talk about what Charlotte wanted,” he said. “Charlotte wanted to come straight home to me. You didn’t give a fuck about her wishes then so don’t pretend to care about them now.”

Maya tried to respond but the words stuck to the roof of her mouth. Jaxon didn’t give her a chance speak instead he said, “You forced Charlotte into the bank that day and you didn’t even have the decency to be the one to die.”



You didn’t even have the decency to be the one to die.

It was like he punched the breaths from her body. She hadn’t died but she spent many hours wanting to. There were moments when all she wanted to do was wash a handful of painkillers down with vodka and the pain that had become too much to bear. But she still had this little being growing inside her - the thing Charlotte wanted more than anything in the word, and that kept her going. She’d promised her best friend she’d be a mother to her child and Maya was determined to protect it at all costs. It didn’t matter if that meant going head to head against Jaxon and his family. She grimaced. What would it be like trying to take on the Johnsons in court? His family didn’t run one of the most successful law firms in New York and Atlanta due to luck. They employed legal hawks and Maya knew one of their sharpest minds stood in front of her shaking with anger. Still, she was determined to fight him to the end of the earth and she opened her mouth to tell him this when he caught her eyes and said, “Please go Maya. Just go.”

The pleading in his voice was her undoing. The arrogant man she’d loved to despise would have quicker died before he begged her for anything. He stumbled to the bed and sat there staring straight ahead as if she’d already left. Her heart hurt. Maya wanted to reach out to him, wipe the deep wrinkles in his forehead away before pulling him into her embrace. She wanted to promise him that they would find some way to work through this. But Maya hated telling lies. So, instead, she walked slowly towards the door. She wrapped her hand around the doorknob and whispered, “You know where to find me when you’re ready to talk.”



Maya’s legs shook so much on the way down the stairs she was afraid they’d give out on her. She found JT and the rest of Jaxon’s siblings huddled together in the expansive kitchen.

“Shit,” she mumbled under her breath trying to make it to the door before they noticed her. She was almost there when JT called for her to wait up. The other three flashed her curious glances when she reluctantly stopped and turned around. She steeled herself for the questions she knew they had. Jasmine, who stood with her back against the island and a glass of water in her hand, looked ready to fire off questions. The youngest brother whispered something into his sister’s ear and with another glance at Maya, Jasmine followed her siblings from the kitchen. Maya wilted with relief. Talking to JT was one thing but she wasn’t ready to face anyone else.

“Maya,” he said softly. She waited for the questions to come but they didn’t. Instead JT hugged her tightly. Maya surprised herself by sinking against him unable to stop the flood of tears. He didn’t say anything as she cried but handed her a handkerchief when she finally composed herself.

“I’m so sorry…”

“Don’t be,” he said as if he had hysterical women crying all over him each day of the week.

“Wanna tell me what’s going on with you and Jaxon?” he asked. Although his forehead was creased his eyes were surprisingly warm. She was tempted to tell him everything but for the second time, Maya stopped herself.

“It’s Jaxon’s story to tell.”

JT seemed to accept this, “It’s Jaxon’s baby?”

She nodded and bit back the explanation hovering on her tongue.

“Do you need a ride home?”

Maya shook her head and promised him she would be okay even though she felt furthest from it.

“Just go talk to your brother,” she said quietly.

Then Maya walked away into the cold, winter evening feeling more alone than she ever had in her life.





Purchase ‘The Gift’ on Amazon.





WILL YOU BE MINE?



CHAPTER ONE



James Thomas Johnson sang softly to the smoky, jazz tune spilling through his speakers. His fingers moved along his sketchpad as if they possessed a life of their own. JT never thought as he sketched or sculpted. Instead, he lost himself in the process and the results came. Just like magic.



He didn’t need to think to know who would emerge on his sketchpad when he was finished. He sang along with Billie Holiday as she bemoaned missing her old flame even though his mind was on someone who’d never been a flame at all.



Hallie’s shape peeked up at him when he put the charcoal away and gazed at his work.

He took in the swell of her breasts and her curvy hips before he shoved the entire pad aside. JT knew when he asked his best friend to pose naked for a sculpture months ago that it was a bad idea. He’d had enough problems keeping Hallie off his mind when he was just imagining what she looked like under the fun, flirty clothing she liked to wear. But JT was never one to listen to reason. His brothers Jaxon, Orlando and Jasper were the ones who would take stock of the situation before they dove in. JT, much like his baby sister, Jasmine, dove in and thought about the consequences later. Sometimes it worked. If JT had stacked up the pros and cons when he considered abandoning the ‘family track’, as he liked to call the practice of law, he would have never found the fulfillment he did in his career. He glanced at Hallie’s portrait and shook his head. Then, of course, sometimes jumping in headfirst didn’t work out.



JT had just finished cleaning his brushes and setting aside his charcoals when his doorbell rang. He wasn’t surprised to find Hallie on the other side.

“Speak of the Devil and she appears,” he grinned leaning in to plant a kiss on her upturned cheek. She smacked his arm but smiled all the same. “I should just leave the food outside.”

“Come on in with the curry or I’ll revoke your best friend card.”

Hallie stepped into the apartment with laughter on her lips. She kicked off her heels and made her way to the kitchen before she turned to him with a cheeky smile. “You couldn’t. You love me way too much.”



His funny retort died on his throat. If she only knew. As time marched on JT’s sun seemed to rise and set on Hallie’s smile. He often tried to figure out if she was that clueless or just uninterested. He’d sent Jasmine and Jaxon’s wife, Maya, on a fact-finding mission but both women came up empty handed. Hallie’s feelings for him, if any, were better guarded than Fort Knox and his feelings seemed to be an open book she refused to read.



JT’s ex-girlfriend ended things ten years before when she realized he wasn’t going to become the hotshot lawyer she’d imagined herself married to. At the time he thought nothing could hurt more. He watched Hallie take two plates from his cupboard and begin to share out their dinner. He supposed it was true that you never knew how many layers Hell possessed until you landed in the next one.



***



Hallie let herself into her apartment unwrapping the layers she wore much in the way she wished she could unwrap her frustration. When her childhood best friend, Abby, told her to expect mail from Antigua loud warning bells went off in her head. She bribed Abby with a promise to have a bottle of her favorite wine sent to her but regretted it when Abby finally told her what was being delivered. She didn’t want to think about it so she fled her apartment. Hallie was good at running away. Expert, really. She ended up at JT’s apartment, Indian food in tow, wanting to get her mind off the shit-storm awaiting her at home in the form of a large, cream envelope. JT, as always, was a good choice. They talked, laughed, ate and then talked and laughed some more. Eventually they settled down on his couch and watched five episodes of a Netflix series neither of them had heard of until Hallie realized she had to get some sleep before work.

“We can’t all keep artist hours,” she’d teased him. She tugged on his dreadlocks and kissed his cheek. “I’ve got to go lawyer up.”



Now, as Hallie twirled the envelope in her hand, she wished she’d stayed. She wondered what would happen if she let the envelope sit there for another six to seven weeks before claiming it got lost under a pile of bills. She narrowed her eyes at it. The plan was tempting but Hallie didn’t toss the envelope into the trash. Instead, she sat down around her granite countertop and reached for it. She could only delay the inevitable for a little while longer so with a muttered curse, she tore it open. Hallie cried out when a sharp pain zapped across her finger. She stared at the trickle of red seeping from the paper cut before she brought the finger to her mouth and sucked the blood away. If that wasn’t a bad omen – she had no idea what was. She sped through the formalities. Yes, Mr. and Mrs. Kensington requested her presence at the wedding of their eldest son, Cameron Kensington, to his longtime girlfriend Mindy Gore. She skipped over the other unimportant things like the necessities of a quick RSVP and whatnots and so-forths and instead pulled out the smaller, maroon envelope Abby told her to look out for. Massaging her temples, she read out loud, “Cameron Kensington regards you as one of his closest friends and requests your presence at his pre-wedding celebrations which will take place during the week of January 24th. See overleaf for further instructions.”



Hallie allowed the words to wash over her for a few minutes. Closest friend. She would’ve laughed if her stomach hadn’t been filled with rocks. She couldn’t work out how Cameron could consider her one of his closest friends when they hadn’t spoken in nearly a decade. For public consumption it boiled down to friendships growing apart but those who knew Hallie and Cameron best were skeptical. She and Cameron had the type of friendship most people assumed would last until the end of time. Hallie preferred the lie. It was better than the truth, which burned like battery acid on her tongue. She smiled wistfully, remembering how good they used to be together.



Ten years. Hallie lived with the anger for ten years until it almost became its own entity. Maybe it was time to bury the hatchet, she reasoned. Cameron’s invitation was an olive branch and missing his wedding would be throwing it right back at him. Hallie wasn’t sure she wanted to risk fracturing their friendship for good.



The bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon nestled in the wine rack suddenly seemed very tempting even though she’d been trying very hard to lose the sneaky fifteen pounds she gained from the constant overtime she’d clocked over the past couple months. Hallie tried to count the calories in the extra large glass she wanted to pour but gave up. She preferred to deal with the extra calories than face the emotions surging through her stone, cold sober. As she sipped the wine she made up her mind. She would go. It wasn't even because she wanted to see Cameron, she reasoned. Winter was brutal and she welcomed the thought of some Caribbean sunshine. She took a large gulp of wine and sighed. The lie was unconvincing even in her head.



Don't do this Hallie, her mind pleaded. Going to Cameron’s wedding could be the equivalent of emotional suicide and to make matters worse Hallie was pretty sure her boss would blow a fuse if she asked to take a vacation. He might have been encouraging her to take some much needed time off recently but she was willing to bet it didn't include during the time their biggest client, Montgomery Estates, was in the process of some volatile legal negotiations to purchase high end condos in the Key West.



She returned the envelope to its original place on her kitchen counter and tapped her fingers rapidly against it. Every fiber of her being protested but she knew her mind was already made up. Hallie Smith was going home for her ex best friend’s wedding. She drained the glass of wine and refilled it.



Hopefully the voice in her head whispering all hell was about to break lose was just paranoia.





Purchase ‘Will You Be Mine?’ on Amazon





TO THE READER





Thank you so much for taking this journey with Orlando and Katrina. I really hope you enjoyed the read. Help ‘Just One More Time’ find its way to more readers by leaving a rating or review on Amazon and Goodreads!

Also, don’t forget to join my mailing list for updates on new releases, promotions and so much more!





Much Love.

Rilzy





ABOUT THE AUTHOR





Rilzy Adams believes that all you need is love. Or, at least it should. She may, or may not, be a huge Beatles fan.

She spends too much time living in her head watching the romantic lives of her ‘imaginary friends’ play out and then being the chatty friend to tell the world about them.

When she isn’t living in her head, she must show up to work every day and be a lawyer.

She resides on an island in the middle of the Caribbean Sea, which is amazing for her sun addiction, love affair with Prosecco and sushi worship.





For information on new releases, promotions and more: Join the Mailing List

Visit her website at: www.rilzywrites.com

Follow her on Twitter: @rilzy

Like her on Facebook: Rilzy Adams

Email her at: booksbyrilzy@gmail.com





Table of Contents

CHAPTER ONE

CHAPTER TWO

CHAPTER THREE

CHAPTER FOUR

CHAPTER FIVE

CHAPTER SIX

CHAPTER SEVEN

CHAPTER EIGHT

CHAPTER NINE

CHAPTER TEN

CHAPTER ELEVEN

CHAPTER TWELVE

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty - One

Chapter Twenty - Two

Chapter Twenty - Three

Chapter Twenty - Four

Chapter Twenty - Five

Chapter Twenty - Six

Chapter Twenty - Seven

Chapter Twenty - Eight

Chapter Twenty - Nine

Chapter Thirty

Chapter Thirty - One

Chapter Thirty - Three

Chapter Thirty - Four

Chapter Thirty - Five

Chapter Thirty - Six

Chapter Thirty - Seven

Chapter Thirty - Eight

Chapter Thirty - Nine

Chapter Forty

Chapter Forty - One

Chapter Forty - Two

Chapter Forty - Three

EPILOGUE

THE GIFT Chapter One





