London Bound





by Nana Malone





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.



London Bound

Copyright © 2014 by Nana Malone



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.



Digital Edition published by Nana Malone



Cover Art by Kimberly Killion

Edited by Val Hatfield

Copy Edited by Marcie Gately

Digital Formatting by Author E.M.S.





Dedication



To Jasper Van Der Hurd, you are remembered for your talent, your laugh and your wit. May you ever rest in peace.



To Tricia, Sefa and Reggie, you three changed the whole course of my life without knowing it. Without you, London would not have been the experience it was. You truly made it a home away from home.



To my wonderful writer, sister, friend, Misty Evans, thank you for always pushing me to be the best writer I can be. As I wrap I my 11th book, I can’t help but remember how we met and how you’ve shaped me not just as a writer but as a person. Thank you for putting up with me. I love you.



To my twinkie, Marcie Gately. Thursday is coming! One step closer, start thinking up names for our Huyras. You know I have not enough words, so I won’t put them all here, but you know how I feel.





Acknowledgments



To my Sassy Street Team, we are small, but mighty and I adore you. I’m am eternally grateful that you rallied behind me with this book. When I needed Betas, you stepped in. When I needed reviewers, you volunteers your friends, I cannot say thank you enough, except to put it out for the world to see how awesome you are.



Kim Thomas

Tina Young

Patricia Gunn

Kinberly Golden Malmgren

Tiffany Alexander

Fanny Mateo

Michelle Alerte

Madelina Rivera

Alexandrea Ward

Tara Dunham Davis

Tricia Warren

Rebecca Hollingsworth

Tanya Mayes

Pauline Glaser





Chapter 1



Where the hell was it?

Abena Nartey frantically checked the pile of mail. Bill, bill, advertisement. Nothing from University of West London. Worry knotted her stomach. All her other graduate school acceptance and rejection letters had come by now. She’d expected to hear word from them over three weeks ago.

“Hey, Evan, was this all the mail? Was there anything with the packages?” A part of her held on to that last thread of hope.

“Sorry, sweetheart. This is all of it.” Her boyfriend, Evan Peters, leaned against the doorjamb between the hallway and the dining room, still dripping from his run, creating little puddles of sweat on the floor. “You have some perfectly good schools to choose from. I don’t know why this one is so important to you.”

Abbie clenched her teeth and tried not to focus on the fact that, as usual, he didn’t support her choices. She also tried not to focus on the tiny puddles. Puddles she’d be expected to clean.

Instead, she focused on his face. Even covered in a sheen of sweat, he was still handsome—creamy café au lait skin, strong jaw, whiskey-brown eyes. His family was also wealthy enough to sway political turnouts. Her friends liked to remind her how lucky she was to have him.

If only they knew.

“Look, I know. I need to make a decision, especially if I want to start in January, but I really wanted this program.” She inhaled sharply the moment she caught the look of displeasure in his eyes. “But you’re right.” No he’s not. “I’ll pick one. If London comes through, I can always pull my acceptance or something.”

He frowned, and Abbie braced herself. Stupid.

“Abena, it’s bad form to rescind an acceptance. Especially if it’s at a school where I pulled strings for you, like Georgetown or George Washington. Some dreams aren’t meant to come true. I mean, let’s face it, your photos are okay, but you’re not exactly doing gallery openings, are you?”

Abbie bit her tongue. As if she wouldn’t have been able to get into those schools on her own. As if his talking to a couple of professors had been the thing that made the admissions boards sit up and take notice. He’d only just graduated himself and was an associate with Walters and Logan, a big law firm in town. His family name might have pull, but he, himself, did not. She’d gotten in on her own merit.

But with practiced ease, she kept her thoughts to herself. “I know. I’m sorry. I wouldn’t want to do that. I’ll think about it carefully.”

He snatched up the hem of his sweat-sodden T-shirt and used the material to wipe his brow. The view of his six-pack and strong chest muscles should have had her salivating, should have had her begging to join him in the shower. Too bad she knew what was under the perfect façade. And it wasn’t pretty.

She wanted him to be supportive. She wanted him to believe in her. She wanted him to be who he pretended to be. But right now, mostly, she wanted him to get into the shower so he would stop dripping on her floor.

“I’m getting in the shower. What’s for lunch?”

Abbie swallowed. “I’m making chicken salad.”

He sighed, clearly unenthused, but headed off toward the shower anyway.

As much as she hated to admit it, she was pushing the dates for accepting an offer. Letters of acceptance into law programs from Georgetown, George Washington, John’s Hopkins, American University, and University of Maryland all beckoned to her in a neat stack. But she didn’t want to have to think about them. Evan had left them there purposefully, so that every time she walked through their dining room she’d have to see them. The spiteful part of her yearned to disorder the tiny pile. But she restrained herself. Petty isn’t a good look.

Only problem was, she didn’t want to be a lawyer. Sure, it was the natural choice in a family full of them. Both her parents were. Even her oldest sister Akosua was. Her middle sister, Ama, had broken the mold to go to medical school, but still it was a profession the whole family approved of. Not like Abbie’s passion, photography.

The University of West London had the best Masters of Photography program in the world. There, she’d have a chance to work with Xander Chase, one of the youngest, most renowned photographers in the world. He’d even exhibited at Hamilton’s in London.

Some dreams aren’t meant to come true.

Maybe Evan was right. Maybe London was just a pipe dream.

Unless you went on your own.

As quickly as the betraying, insidious thought popped into her head, she shuddered and quashed it. Going on her own wasn’t an option. She’d once tried to interview for a job in Los Angeles right out of college. The bruises he’d left on her body had made it very clear that she wasn’t going anywhere without him.

She’d been with him since she was sixteen, and he’d come to her school to talk about the benefits of NYU as a college. Even then, everyone had pointed out how lucky she was that a college guy was interested in her. That a Peters was interested in her. Then why don’t I feel lucky?

Nobody saw what she saw. She’d made her bed and picked the wrong guy. He had his moments when he could be sweet, and she could forget what he was really like. But his temper was always at the forefront of her mind. Although that didn’t stop her from wanting some freedom and wanting to do something other than what was expected.

Her phone rang in the kitchen, pulling her out of her reverie, and she raced to grab it, a smile tugging at her lips when she saw who it was on the caller ID. “Hey, Dad.”

“Abena, how are you?” Her father’s baritone voice with its accented English never failed to calm her down.

“Oh, I’m good. Just making some lunch.” She stalled, wondering what he was calling about. Neither of them was particularly skilled at small talk. A call from him was not the norm. They always relayed messages through her mother or via text. Nevertheless, she was happy to hear from him. “What’s up, Dad?”

He expelled a breath, as if happy to be able to cut to the chase and forego the social niceties of asking what she was making for lunch.

“I need the valuation papers for the condo. I’m trying to up the insurance, given the renovation we just did to the bathroom.”

“Sure, I’ll grab them.” She jogged into the study that Evan had taken over upon moving in and kept an ear out for the sound of the shower turning off. Once Evan was finished, he’d want to eat, so she needed to hurry up with lunch. “One sec, I have no idea what Evan’s filing process is.”

Quickly, she searched the stack of folders on the desk and found what her father was looking for. As she relayed the information, her gaze landed on the corner of an envelope peeking out from the desk drawer. A Queen Elizabeth stamp affixed on the thick paper.

“Thank you, Abena.” Her father hesitated. “Are you well? You sound off.”

Abbie sighed. His way of asking if she still thought she’d made the right choice by moving in with Evan. Her parents had been so against it. After all, in Ghanaian culture, it just wasn’t done. You only moved in with someone after you’d done a traditional engagement ceremony.

The mere thought of marriage made Abbie’s stomach clench. Not that Evan hadn’t hinted it was the next logical step. But every time she thought about it, it felt like someone was tying a noose around her neck.

“I’m fine, Dad,” she said as she tried to pull the drawer open. It didn’t budge.

“Have you selected a school yet?”

“Uhm…” Her voice trailed as she grabbed the letter opener and tried to slide it into the drawer to pop the latch. “I need to. I was hoping to hear from University of West London.”

Her father harrumphed. “A photography course does not qualify as school.”

Abbie could almost see him grumbling and pacing in his office. “Dad, actually, it does. The program is prestigious, and it’s at an accredited university.”

Her father’s accented voice pitched lower. “Abena, what do you think you’re going to do with a Masters in Photography? You’re supposed to go to law school.” Of course, to Ghanaian parents, the only appropriate professions and worthwhile educational pursuits included law, medicine, and engineering. He ignored the prick of pain his disappointment caused. She was used to it by now.

“Dad. You already have one daughter who’s a lawyer. Besides, with the photography, there’s a lot I’m planning to do. With a recommendation from my professor, opportunities in production would open for places like National Geographic and a career in documentary films.”

And she was sure a recommendation from Xander Chase would open those kinds of doors. But she didn’t care about those doors. What she was after was the apprentice position offered to his top student.

“Abena, you can’t put all your eggs into one basket. You have to have a backup plan.”

“I know. I know. I’ll be looking at all the offers tonight, and I’ll make a decision by the weekend.” She could only hope and pray that the acceptance came before then. She really only had two more days to stall.

The drawer opened with a splintering pop, and for a second, she was worried she’d broken it, but it slid smoothly on its grooves. Her father mentioned something about her sister, but Abbie had already tuned him out. She pulled out the envelope with its maroon stamp of the Queen, and her breath caught. With her blood rushing in her ears, she carefully scanned the return address.

University of West London.

Twice, her brain tried to make her lips cooperate. Twice it failed. On the third attempt, she managed with a shaky breath, “Listen, Dad, I have to go. Evan’s going to want his lunch soon.”

She bid a quick goodbye to her father. Unable to swallow and unable to breathe, she slowly reached into the already opened envelope and pulled out the papers contained inside.

Her brain short-circuited as her eyes flitted over the cover sheet. …Great happiness that we offer you a spot…our students…we look forward to hearing…

Numb with shock, the only coherent thought her brain managed was, Get lunch ready, otherwise it’s going to get ugly.

In the kitchen, her body worked on automatic pilot. Chicken salad would not have been her choice of lunch, but Evan hated any Ghanaian food she cooked. She added the mayonnaise and the additional spices she knew Evan liked. She always saved the scallions for last because he liked them fresh but not too big and not too fine like the food processor would have done.

“God, I needed that shower. That run was brutal.” Evan’s voice was jovial.

She was too numb to answer, rage battled for dominance with disbelief and sadness. Instead, she just continued chopping. Her mind was unable to form coherent thoughts anyway.

He continued without waiting for a response. “I went down by the library then up Independence. It was pretty. Still spring but with a touch of summer heat in the air.”

Abbie smoothed the scallions off the knife into the chicken salad with her finger. While she worked, the bitter scent burned her nostrils. She still didn’t speak.

“What’s with you?” His tone was cold and held little note of concern.

She knew the moment his eyes landed on the envelope from the school. The air around him shifted subtly, and she braced herself.

His voice was barely above a whisper as he spoke. “Where the hell did you get that?”

Stupid move or not, she wasn’t going to let this one go. If there was ever a time to stand up for herself, it was now. She was not the pathetic girl he thought she was. She had been strong once and she reached deep into the depths of a long forgotten girl to find a sliver of that strength. “Where the hell you hid it.”

She’d braced for shouting, but nothing happened. Instead, when Evan spoke, his voice was pleading. “Look, I know I shouldn’t have kept it from you, but you have to realize that London isn’t going to happen. We won’t survive if we don’t go together. Law is a more stable profession than photography. I mean, what are you going to do with that anyway? I had your best interest at heart.”

Her best interest? Her best fucking interest?

Her fingers curled around the knife handle as her anger bubbled to the surface. She forced a deep breath, then another, and peeled her fingers off. “You lied to me. Every day I asked you, and every day you hid it from me.” She searched his handsome face. How had she become this? What had become of the real her?

He waved a dismissive hand. “Look. I did it for you. You needed to make a decision. The right decision. And you wouldn’t have been able to make it if you’d seen that envelope. Besides, you and I both know that you wouldn’t be happy in London.”

“Don’t!” Her body vibrated with fury. “Don’t talk to me like I’m a child. You did it for yourself because you wanted me to make the choice that you wanted. You’re dispica—”

The stinging crack across her cheek snapped her head to the side. A pinball of pain ricocheted in her skull. The burning pain spread from her face to her neck and well into her hairline. She knew from experience now would be a good time to shut the hell up.

But it was as if the stronger woman inside her finally refused to be silenced. “I will not shut up. You lied to me. You hid this from me. You made me feel like I wasn’t good enough to make this dream happ—”

The next crack was enough to knock her over, and she tasted blood on the tip of her tongue. Desperate to steady herself, she reached up to the counter for purchase, but only managed to bring the diced chicken, mayonnaise, and chopping board down with her.

Evan kneeled in front of her. His tight face registered a barely concealed mask of rage. This was it, she’d done it now. There would be no concealer good enough to hide the bruises he would give her. And she didn’t give a damn. She was tired of cowering.

But instead of lying there, she probed for the cutting board to use as a shield. Her fingers wrapped around the knife handle instead. Shaking, she gripped it tight.

Over the years, she’d lost count of the number of times he’d hit her. Once, she’d even tried to run home. Her mother had made it clear, in no uncertain terms, that Evan was the kind of man Abbie needed in her life. And she had better learn how to please him because she wasn’t going to do much better than a Peters.

Her mother had also pointed out that Even would be powerful someday and Abbie would benefit from that. Abbie had learned that day not to go running home with her problems. Once, she considered telling her father, but that would end in bloodshed, either with her father dead or in jail for murder. Neither outcome was acceptable. So, as always, she suffered alone.

When Evan spoke, his voiced sounded controlled, but Abbie didn’t buy it.

“You know better than to provoke me. I don’t want to hurt you, but Abena, you cannot speak to me like that. Are we clear?”

Decision time. She could nod her head and say yes. Or for once, she could stand up to the person who’d hurt her over and over again. The person who’d deliberately tried to keep her dream from her.

With the taste of blood in her mouth and her heart hammering in her chest, she tilted her head to meet his gaze as fury chased away the fear. Slipping the knife between their bodies, she glared at him. “No. Not clear. You have two minutes to get the hell out of my house, or I swear before God, I will not be the only one bleeding in this kitchen today.”

Evan blinked hard, then blinked again, as if he couldn’t believe his ears. “Abbie…” His voice held a hint of warning.

Her hands shook slightly as hysteria threatened to take over. “Fine, have it your way.” The tip of the knife sliced at his T-shirt as she pressed just enough to show him she meant business. The rush of euphoric triumph when the blade carved through skin was hard to ignore.

With a wince, Evan stumbled backward and fell on his ass. “Abbie, calm the fuck down. Look, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have lost my temper. We can talk this out.”

“We won’t be talking anything out. You now have sixty seconds to get out.” She dug into her back pocket and pulled out her phone. “Or do I have to call the police? Imagine what that will do to a political career not yet started.”

His face paled. “You know my family has enough money to make any charges go away.”

“Maybe, asshole, but the media just loves a smear campaign. Just another example of rich kids behaving badly.” She knew she’d hit a nerve.

“Listen to me, Abbie.”

“Thirty seconds.” She forced her body into a wide stance, knife held with both hands and pointed in his direction.

Eyes wide with panic, he pushed himself to his feet and headed for the front door with his back to the exit. “Okay. I’ll go, but we’re not done talking yet. I’ll call you later, and we’ll talk this out calmly, when you’ve had a moment to think about things.”

“You won’t be calling me because we’re done. I will never lay eyes on you again. Ten seconds.”

When he reached the front door, he turned and strode through, then slammed it shut behind him. Despite the auto locks, Abbie still ran and engaged the deadbolt. Adrenaline coursed through her veins, making her shaky, as she sank to the floor in the foyer.

Jesus, had she just done that? Her body shook with adrenaline. She’d broken up with Evan. Hell, she’d all but threatened to kill him. Now what the hell was she supposed to do?

She laid her head against the door and stared up at the engaged deadbolt. Even though her body shook, her logical thinking functions kicked in. “First things first.”

She pulled out her phone and called a locksmith. The call after that was the most important she’d ever made in her life. She clenched and unclenched her fists as she listened to the double ringing, willing the line to be answered.

“Hiya, this is Tamsin.”

She tried to steady her voice, but it trembled nevertheless. “Tams? It’s Abbie. I need a place to stay.”





Chapter 2



London

Three Days Later



Alexi Chase thrashed as the darkness threatened to overtake him. “No. Please. We’ll be good. Please…Don’t hurt him.” Wet, cloying, cold wracked his body with shivers. Distantly, he saw a figure silhouetted by light, and he reached for it. Desperate for help and companionship, he twisted to try to reach it, but the silhouette remained forever out of range. When the darkness overtook, burning pain seared through his body.

With a cough and a silent strangled cry, Lex bolted upright in bed, panting for air. Sweat clung to his skin, and his sheets were twisted around his legs. He freed himself and dragged his now-wetT-shirt over his head, then tossed it toward the hamper. It used to be months and months between nightmares, now it was days. Any first year psychology student could tell him it was stress. His birthday was coming up, and with it, the anniversary of the one night he never wanted to remember.

But the impending sale of his small software company meant freedom. Not just financially, but from the oppressive disappointment of his family, especially his father. Though, what he wouldn’t give for a week of dreamless nights.

Throwing off the sheets, he climbed out of bed and stalked to the dresser. As he dragged on a new T-shirt, he noticed the light coming from underneath the door. He padded into the living room to find the television still on and a lithe brunette huddled in the corner of his couch with a quilted throw slung around her shoulders. “Gemma, what are you still doing up?”

She turned wide eyes toward him. “I got caught up watching horror movies, and then I couldn’t sleep.”

“Yeah, well, that makes two of us.” He shrugged.

She narrowed her gaze and studied him. “Another nightmare?”

He stiffened. He didn’t like her knowing about his demons. “No big deal. I’m going to get some water and head back to bed.” He glanced at the clock over the television. It was only one thirty. He’d only managed an hour and a half of sleep so far. “I assume you’re staying the night?”

Gemma nodded. “Yeah. I’m knackered. No point driving back to the house just to go crash in bed at home when I can sleep here.”

Lex only nodded. Gemma crashing at his place was nothing new. “Should I bother telling you that the guestroom is all made up, or are you planning on sleeping on the couch?”

She grinned sheepishly. “I could fib and tell you I’m going to bed, but we both know I’m just going to pass out right here.”

He shook his head. Since University, they’d spent too many nights like this. Neither of them wanting to go home or be alone. To the outside world, they were the perfect couple. No one would believe it if they knew the truth behind the veil. That for years he’d been protecting her, pretending to be her boyfriend. If anyone found out she was into girls, she’d lose everything, and he wasn’t going to let that happen.

“Your dad at home?”

She nodded but didn’t meet his gaze. “Yeah, so I figured it best to avoid him as much as possible while he’s here. It’s only for a week, then back to normal.”

Gemma didn’t have to explain avoiding her father to Lex. The old man traveled on business most of the time and only came home for a week out of the month. While home, he generally made Gemma’s life hell with his bigoted views and domineering attitude. “Stay as long as you like.”

“Thanks.” She scratched her nose. “Uhm, Lex?”

“Yeah, Gem?”

“You’re a really good friend to let me crash and stuff.”

Lex crossed his arms over his chest. He knew where the meandering path she’d taken would lead, and he was in no mood for sharing. “Stop. It’s what you would do for me.”

“Yeah. I suppose. Just, you know, after everything we’ve been through, and everything you’ve done for me, you never let me be there for you.”

He forced a casual smile. “That’s because I don’t need anything. When I do, you’ll be the first I call.” In another life, if things had been different, maybe he and Gemma would have been the perfect couple they portrayed.

“Lex, I notice, you know. The nightmares. The fact that you talk, sometimes shout in your sleep. I notice.”

Fuck. What dark and slithering secret had his brain released when he’d been too out of it to control himself?

“What do I say in my sleep?” He cocked his head and tried for a look that was humored and indifferent. “Am I calling out Giselle Bunchen’s name? Because that’s entirely possible.”

Gemma flattened her lips. “You never really say anything I can understand, but that’s not the point. I love you, so I worry.” She slid her gaze away. “Maybe you can talk to Xander.”

He gritted his teeth. He was not going to call his brother. That was the last person he could talk to about any of this shit. He worked hard to school his expression. “I appreciate the concern. Honestly, I do. But you have nothing to worry about. Now get some sleep.”

Instead of heading for the kitchen, he headed back for the bedroom—he didn’t want her watching him too closely. She thought she wanted to know his secrets, but the darkness inside him would change how she looked at him forever. She wouldn’t love a killer.

* * *

In the morning, Lex was still foggy from lack of sleep, but that didn’t mean he didn’t have work to do.

“Are you two sure you want to sell this company? With venture capital funding, you can expand the lifestyle brand of Take Back the Night.” Annabel Smith, their solicitor, asked Nick and Lex carefully.

They glanced at each other briefly before they both nodded.

Lex spoke first. “Nick and I have given this a good deal of thought. We want to eventually become the venture capitalists for small scrappy companies like this and prepare them either for sale, like we’re doing, or to go public. A lot of people out there have great ideas but don’t know how to follow through. We’ve figured out how. We might do another small company again and sell that to make sure our feet are well and properly sodden, but we’re selling.”

Nick added, “We want to strike while the iron’s hot. Before someone else comes and tries to copy it with something subpar. First to market is key.”

She nodded. “And Toshino, Inc. is banking on that with their purchase. But their team has asked again if you won’t both stay on to run it and lend your names to increase the value.”

“That’s a nonstarter,” Lex said.

Nick agreed. “Look, Annabelle, we’ve both worked hard to distance ourselves from our pasts. My name might tarnish the brand. While this is meant to be an app for the want-to-be jetsetter, Take Back the Night is still aiming for the elite kind of clientele. That’s the whole point. If you start attaching the name Wexler to it, you’ll get every low level sleaze ball from here to Dubai who wants to party with the big boys. Our business clients bank on the exclusivity and the class. They won’t be thrilled with riff raff joining up. And unfortunately, the Wexler name comes with riff raff.”

She sighed and swished her red hair over her shoulder. “Any way to change your mind, Lex? The Chase name screams luxury. Hell, even royalty. We’ve already taken the steps to protect you from your father’s corporate raiding.”

Lex might have different reasons than Nick for keeping his anonymity, but he was still not lending his name. “Sorry, Annabelle, no can do. Even if we do manage to keep the sale quiet until it’s final, when my father does find out, he’s going to make attempts to block it. To try to claim it for CET. I want to be as separate from him as humanly possible.”

She shook her head, no doubt lamenting the loss of additional commission if she’d garnered them a bigger deal. “Very well. Toshino, Inc. is presenting this as their offer.” She slid the paperwork in their direction. “It’s understandably smaller because of the removed brand recognition. But it should make the two of you happy.”

The offer was in the ballpark of what Lex had expected. And it meant he could tell his father to shove it. “That’s fair.”

“That’s a lot of fucking zeros,” Nick mumbled.

“Well, you fronted the initial capital so you should know the valuation,” Lex said.

Nick’s eyes bugged. “Yeah, mate, but it’s one thing to know theoretically what it’s worth. It’s another, entirely, to see that number put down in front of you.” He scrubbed a hand over his face. “To be honest, Lex, I thought you were full of bollocks.”

Lex laughed. “So you sunk your money into something you thought was bullshit?”

“More like I sunk it because you told me to. I have faith in you, but I couldn’t see what you could see. But fuck, mate. I see it now.”

Lex wasn’t sure if he should laugh or sucker punch him. “Well, thank you for the glowing endorsement.” He turned his attention to Annabel. “Are they still insisting I sit as CEO?”

She nodded. “Yes, you’ll see it in line 4 section A. You’re to sit as CEO for a term no shorter than six months following the sale of the company. At the end of that term, they will pay you a generous severance.” Her smile grew broader. “Between now and then, as long as you two don’t receive any undue negative press, you’ll be golden.”

Lex barely heard what she said the rest of the meeting. All he knew was his freedom was so close he could taste it.





Chapter 3



It’s not exactly like I ran away from home.

Abbie burrowed deeper under the covers. Packing up all her things and leaving DC behind for London was the right move. Wasn’t it?

Her phone buzzed on the nightstand once again, and she dragged the duvet cover over her head. Maybe if she blocked out the sound, along with the rare English sunlight, her nightmare would all go away and she could return to her happy dream state.

The phone buzzed again, insistent that she look at it.

No.

It could be her mother, one of her sisters, or maybe her father. Worse, it could be Evan. Her stomach rolled at the memory of the last time she’d seen him. The way he’d looked at her. What she’d done.

Her brain involuntarily returned to that night. After she’d made her phone calls, she cleaned up and packed while she waited for the locksmith. She fired a quick letter of acceptance off to London, and she planned. She had one goal: be out of the damn house before Evan came back. She’d never packed so quickly in her entire life. She’d left instructions with her sister about what to do about her apartment and car, and she’d been on a plane to London. Thousands of miles from Evan and her old life.

Her phone buzzed again.

“Damn it.” She snaked a hand out from under her duvet, and chilly air greeted her flesh. She fumbled around for the side table, eventually banging her wrist on the corner. Ouch. If that wasn’t an omen, she didn’t know what was.

When her fingers closed around the phone, she dragged it in with her. “Okay, world, what the hell do you want from me?” She mumbled.

Three text messages. Fantastic.

The first was from her mother.

Abena, call me immediately. I want to make sure you’re safe. Make sure you call me.

Abbie rolled her eyes. She’d already called her mother. And left her a voicemail. But her mother had a way of ignoring things that didn’t specifically fit what she wanted. And Helen Nartey didn’t want a voicemail. She wanted a live convo so she could try to berate Abbie into coming back to DC.

Next message was from her sister, Akos, the lawyer.

Abbie, we need to discuss your arrangements with the apartment. I served Evan with documents stating he has to vacate so you can sublet the place. You need to call me to review details.

Crap. This was the last thing she wanted to deal with.

Third message was from Evan.

Call me, we need to talk. Your sister wants me out of our place. I need some time to find somewhere else to go. Where are you? I called your sister, and she said you weren’t there but wouldn’t tell me where you’d gone. Call me!!

She waited for the slice of pain. But nothing came. Just gray numbness. She felt free to go ahead and delete his message.

The phone buzzed in her hand again, causing it to tingle. God. Maybe she should have left the stupid thing back home. Started fresh.

The last text was from her sister, Ama.

I think you’re brave.

Abbie smiled. Of course, Ama would support her. Silently, if not out loud to the rest of the family. But still she supported her. And that’s why Abbie loved her.

Abbie tried to close her eyes again to catch another sliver of elusive sleep, but it was no use. Thanks to her family’s reach out and touch someone campaign, she was awake now. And the sounds from the kitchen told her that Tamsin, her best friend from college and new flatmate, was awake. Good old Tams. When Abbie had called, frantic and blubbering a few days ago, Tams had told her to get her Yankee ass on a plane and insisted she stay with her.

Abbie dragged her feet out of bed, and her toes immediately cursed her decision to move to London and not a warmer, more tropical locale. She rummaged in her suitcase for thicker socks. Note to self, must unpack.

Her phone buzzed again. Second note to self—get a different phone or at least a new chip. One that prevented her family from following her around and demanding all her time.

She shuffled into the living room and kitchen area to assess the damage Tamsin was doing to breakfast.

“Ah, good morning, love. How’d you sleep? I worried you’d be jetlagged. Then I realized, belatedly, that the room has no drapes. Normally it’s not a problem with the weather and all, but today it was sunny of all things, so of course, the sun was going to disturb your sleep and…”

That was Tamsin. She had a tendency to ramble and speak at the speed of light. Due to her thick Manchester twang, Abbie missed part of what her friend said, but she got the gist.

Tamsin bustled around the kitchen, yammering at a hundred miles an hour as Abbie walked over to her. She finally paused when Abbie stepped right in front of her and hugged her tight. Abbie wasn’t big on hugging. Any kind of touching usually made her uncomfortable. But in instances like this, sometimes a hug was called for. Without even knowing it, Tamsin had saved her life. She was the reason Abbie could breathe for the first time in years.

Tamsin wrapped her arms around Abbie’s waist. “Ah, love. What’s with the hugs? Are there going to be waterworks too? If there are, I’ve got Kleenex in the pantry.”

Abbie sniffled. “No. No. I’m just really happy to be here. Really happy to have this. I’m excited too.”

Tamsin smiled, displaying even teeth and dimples in her heart-shaped face. “You should be excited. No one I know has the guts to do what you did. Pack up in a moment’s notice and move out of country. Abbie, I swear.” Tamsin let go of her and handed her a mug of tea.

Abbie took the tea, even as she winced. “Well, let’s face it, I sort of ran away.”

“Don’t call it running away. Call it running to a new adventure. I’m so glad you called me the other night.”

“I’m so glad you’re letting me stay. I know it’s a bit of an imposition.”

“Shut up. You know that’s bullshit. You saved me from having to get a random stranger for a flatmate. I’m still considering it with Sophie being gone all the time. Maybe she should move in permanently with her boyfriend.”

Sophie was the third member of their triumvirate. They’d all shared a dorm room at NYU.

“Let’s not suggest that until I’ve been here for a while, okay? I’ve been looking forward to the three of us getting some girl time.” Abbie wrinkled her nose as it finally occurred to her that it was Monday. “Shit, Tams, am I keeping you from work?”

Tamsin worked as an Assistant Coordinator for a PR firm. “No, I’m working from home today. I’ve got a pile of calendar stuff I need to pitch, and I’ll never get anything done with the other girls in and out of my office.”

Abbie took another sip of her tea. “So this is real. I’m really doing this?”

“Looks that way, doesn’t it? What’s your first move?”

Abbie exhaled. “Step one is get a job. I have some money saved, but I’ll be needing equipment and stuff. It’ll be easier if I don’t have to deal with the parentals to get it. After that, I need to head to campus and do some administrative stuff. I was lucky they still let me into the course since I was so late accepting.” What she didn’t let on with Tamsin is how dire her money situation was. She had just enough to make it through the semester, but that meant no extras.

Tamsin nodded. “I still can’t believe what Evan did. Sophie called it though. She’s always hated him.” Abbie suppressed a shudder. If ONLY Tamsin knew what else he’d done to her.

“I wish I’d seen this coming. Maybe I wouldn’t have wasted my college years with an asshole.” She squared her shoulders. The sooner she got on with her life, the sooner she’d forget what she’d left behind. It was time to take back some of the control Evan had taken from her. “But I’m here now, and I’m about to start living. Which means I better get ready for class.”

* * *

An hour and a half later, Abbie sat in the back of the small auditorium watching as her classmates took their seats one by one.

A collective hush fell over the room the moment Xander Chase walked in. Abbie had seen photos, but they were nothing compared to seeing him in the flesh. She’d known he was young, but honestly he could be one of the students.

“You can call me Xander. Mr. Chase is my father.”

He was tall. At least six feet, two inches with broad shoulders and playful dark eyes. Shaggy blond hair framed his angled jaw and features. He also had a smile hot enough to make any red-blooded female consider dropping her panties. Self-confidence and sex appeal oozed off of him in waves.

“So, for those of you who don’t remember, I’ll give you a brief overview. During the course of a week, you’ll have one lecture, two advisory sessions, an assignment, and a critique.”

A legend like him was going to give her critiques and advice. Bile churned as her stomach flipped. Of course she’d expected that, but still. Theoretically knowing her work was going to be picked apart and actually having it happen were two different things.

Then there was also the small matter of being stuck in a room with a man, any man, and only one exit. She wrapped her arms around her middle. She’d better learn to steel herself or she wouldn’t survive a day, let alone the whole term. He might be good-looking and in a position of power, but he was not Evan. And she’d faced Evan and hadn’t died. She could deal with this man.

“Oh, and one other thing to get out of the way. I want to remind the female and male students alike that it’s pointless to try to sleep with me. I don’t sleep with my students. I promise you, it’s not going to happen. So save us all some time and don’t. I’d rather get on with teaching you.”

Wow. Okay. Way to put it all out there. Abbie snuck a look around the room and instantly understood why he’d laid out his cards. Every single girl—and at least a quarter of the guys—appraised him. She had to wonder if anyone would make the attempt. There were only fifty students in the program, and of them, only twenty were female.

A tiny brunette sitting next to her whispered, “Just a tad full of himself, isn’t he?”

Abbie giggled and whispered back, “I’d heard British men had a problem with confidence. I see he doesn’t suffer from that affliction.”

The girl grinned. “I’m Ilani Bruce, by the way.”

“Abbie Nartey.” She smiled back.

As she listened, energy hummed through her veins. The work would be exciting. She certainly wasn’t going to enjoy the critiques. But then again, who did?

Xander was speaking again, and Abbie dragged her attention back to him.

“Remember, I hand-selected each of you based on your portfolio submissions. I think each and every one of you has a raw talent waiting to come out. I need your commitment to be honest. Don’t give me trite and pretty. I want you exposing yourselves and putting yourself in every single image.”

She and her classmates all nodded enthusiastically.

“Okay, first assignment is as follows. Since all of you are so fresh faced and bushy tailed, I want you to photograph joy. In all of its forms. Gritty, serene, blissful—I want it all. Think you all can manage that?”

There was a general murmur of accord. The excitement was palpable as each student fiddled with their camera.

“Good. Now go and do your worst. And by worst I mean better than your best.”

As soon as class was over, Abbie headed over to Xander. Unlike the other students who crowded him, she stopped well outside his sphere of personal space. “Excuse me, Xander?” She forced a deep breath and squared her shoulders. She would have to learn to talk to him if she wanted to work for him.

He cocked his head, and his almost-smiling mouth tugged into a glimmer of a real one as he assessed her. “Little Bird. I’d wondered if you’d come and introduce yourself.”

Little Bird? He remembered her photo? Abbie flushed. It had taken her three days to find the hummingbird nest and capture the mother feeding her chicks.

Up close she realized Xander’s eyes weren’t dark at all, but rather a slate gray. She forced out her carefully selected words. “I, uh, wanted to say thank you for giving me the opportunity to study with you. It’s already changing my life.”

He chuckled. “Well, if you think today was life-changing, then wait until I actually start teaching you something.” He studied her closely. “I’m glad you accepted. I was starting to worry that you wouldn’t when we hadn’t heard from you.”

Her skin prickled with embarrassment. He had been waiting on her acceptance? “I had no idea you were waiting on me—”

“Like I said, Little Bird, I hand-selected all of you. In the process I become quite attached to your works. To you.” This time his grin was the slow, cocky, confident smile of someone who was accustomed to women falling at his feet.

It fell flat on her. The longer she stood in his presence, the less nervous she became. Maybe this wouldn’t be so hard after all.

“Right. Well, anyway, thank you again. I’m looking forward to learning from you.” With a little boost of confidence, she turned to leave.

He called out to her, “Don’t you want to know why I selected you for this program?”

Abbie turned but walked backward to keep her momentum. “Nope. You already told me why. And I know what I can do with a camera.” She didn’t wait for a response as she turned back around and strode out of the lecture hall.

Ilani followed her out of the building, and they made their escape.

“You’re a Yank, aren’t you?”

Abbie nodded. “Yeah, I guess the accent gives me away.”

Her new friend grinned. “Only a little. Listen, some of us took Xander for undergrad and used to get together right after crits to drink our sorrows away. You game for a bit of a laugh after the first one?”

“Yeah sounds good. They sound pretty scary.”

Ilani followed her out of the main lobby into the rare British sunshine. “They are. He’s usually not satisfied unless at least one person cries.”

Abbie’s eyes widened, and she swallowed hard, resolute not to be the crying student. “Ouch.”

“It’s his way, I guess.” Ilani shrugged. “Anyway. Good to meet you, Abbie. See you next week.”

“Yeah you too.” She smiled encouragingly, even though her stomach pitched at the thought of those crits.

As Abbie headed down the cobblestone steps of the Ealing campus and made her way to the bus stop, she let her lens be her eyes. The excitement of the new city fueled her blood. The first step to living her dream was already in motion.





Chapter 4



As Abbie’s luck would have it, the earlier sunshine was a fluke. The skies darkened to a blackened gray, fat raindrops pelted her arms and battered her umbrella. “Damn it.” Sucking in a resolute breath, she marched forward. A little rain wasn’t going to ruin her day. She’d come here knowing the weather pattern. It was just one more thing she’d have to get used to.

Quickly, she checked Tamsin’s scrawled directions to Sophie’s boyfriend’s place. 1257 Camberwell Road. She glanced at the numbers on the row houses on her right. 1232, 1234—at least she was moving in the right direction, though she needed to cross the street.

With rain pelting the sleeves of her thick sweater even harder, she trotted to the edge of the sidewalk and checked for oncoming cars. Just as she was about to step onto the road, she heard a revving motor.

From behind, someone shouted, “Look out!”

In one smooth snap of icy talons, fear gripped her spine as strong arms jerked her backward with enough force to knock the wind out of her. Her head swam. In an automatic reply to being grabbed, her body went numb, and her oxygen would only come in short stabbing bursts as her hands flew up in an attempt to protect her face. But then, the tiny voice inside screamed, You are not helpless. It was just the motivation she needed.

Abbie fought the stranger’s hold and struggled, immediately losing her footing. In the split second her brain registered her downward trajectory, she squealed and tucked her camera into her sweater to protect it as she fell. The arms tightened around her again and turned both their bodies. Nausea swelled as she tried to free herself from the grip of strong hands.

She and her would-be attacker landed ass-first in a grimy puddle with a thud hard enough to make her teeth rattle. She blinked rapidly, her brain trying to register what had happened as a Mini Cooper whizzed by. The driver shouted epithets in her direction.

Unable to calm the panic as adrenaline flooded her veins, she continued to try to free herself and fight for control.

“You’re okay. I’ve got you. Stop struggling. I didn’t just save your life so I could hurt you. Just relax for one second and breathe.”

The masculine voice crooned low and soft in her ear, working its magic on her inch by inch. In those endless seconds, her brain registered that the strong hands that held her weren’t squeezing too tight. They weren’t manhandling her, they weren’t striking her. In fact, they were only tight enough to have pulled her back. These hands had caused her no harm. Unlike Evan’s.

She was safe.

Through the thunder of her heart, she heard the splish and splash of heavy raindrops on the pavement and her downed umbrella. Her own ragged breathing filtered in next, along with the harsh breathing of her puddle partner.

She yanked her camera out of her sweater and carefully examined it. No cracks to the lens or anything. Thank God. She didn’t have the money to replace it.

With one arm, Abbie tried to leverage herself up, but she slipped and landed back on her savior’s lap…hard. She whipped her head around to face him and he stared at her. Raindrops clung to his dark, sooty lashes. His wavy hair was plastered to his head. She tried to make her mouth move, but nothing happened, almost as if the command had gotten lost in the cataloguing of his features.

Wide gray eyes that smoldered. Midnight black hair. Full lips that looked like they were on the verge of smiling. Straight Roman nose, and a square jaw. He was beautiful. She wanted him on a canvas, just like he was now, his brow lightly furrowed and his eyes concerned. There was something so familiar about him.

“Are you all right?”

Abbie blinked, tried to form the words, and failed. Then she tried again. “Uhm, yeah. I think so. Th-thank you.”

A blond guy stood nearby, holding an umbrella over the two of them. Finally Gray Eyes stood, pulling her with him. His hand was firm and warm, despite the chilly rain. “You have to make sure to look both ways okay?”

Again her brain stuttered as the whiskey-smooth texture of his voice rolled over her. She could listen to him talk forever. Quickly, she tugged her hand free of his. “Uhm. I—uh.” Mortified, she covered her face. “Yeah. Thanks. I’ll be careful.”

He studied her with a quizzical expression then whispered, “Okay. Cheers.”

After quickly checking her camera for damage again, she stepped to the curb once more. Careful to look both ways—twice—she crossed the street to the opposing row houses. As she muttered the numbers to herself, tension ebbed out of her.

She stopped in front of the address Tamsin had texted. Before Abbie could even knock, Sophie yanked the door open with a squeal.

“Oh, my god, oh my god, oh my god. You’re actually here. I can’t believe it. Yay!”

The hugging came next. Abbie held her camera away from her body as her friend wrapped her arms around her and attempted to squeeze the air out of her lungs. Sophie was a big time hugger. Abbie, not so much.

“Hey, Sophie, you think you could actually let me in? The back of my pants are soaked.”

“Oh, of course. Sorry, babes. I was just so excited.” She stopped trying to administer the reverse Heimlich maneuver and dragged Abbie through an elegantly lit foyer with recessed lights and a slate floor. “What happened to you anyway? You look like hell.”

A gilt mirror hung in the hallway, and Abbie groaned when she saw her reflection. Her braided twist had come undone, and her make-up was now streaked and smudged, giving her the appearance of a wet, bedraggled Koala.

She followed Sophie into the ultra-modern kitchen and tried not to gape. The cabinets were red lacquer and the backsplash was red orange and gold glass tile. All the appliances were high-end stainless steel and the countertops were white marble. This was where Sophie lived? Tamsin’s digs in Chiswick were nice, but this was opulent. “I had a run in with a Mini Cooper and a puddle. Do you have a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt I can borrow? I must look like a drowned rat.”

A low voice came from behind her. “I don’t know. You look well fit to me.”

Abbie jumped and whirled around. She made a quick assessment of him just like she did with all men and filed him into the preliminary category of not-a-threat. She studied him closer, unsure of what to make of the auburn-haired guy leaning against the counter. He was cute in a quirky way. With his shaggy hair and animated green eyes, she could see how his disarming smile made him even cuter. He had several tattoos on his forearms and one peeking out from the top of his T-shirt. Fantastic. His whole aura screamed trouble. But there was something inherently kind about his eyes.

Sophie giggled. “Jasper, behave, would you? This is my friend Abbie from Uni.”

Jasper uncoiled his lanky frame and strode over. She wasn’t so sure about being in his personal space, but nevertheless, Abbie extended a hand to shake, but instead, he bowed and kissed her knuckles. Yeah. Charming as fuck. And he knew it. She tugged her hand back. “Nice to meet you, Jasper.”

“I promise you, Love, the pleasure is all mine.”

She turned to Sophie. “And you know Jasper how?”

“Oh, he’s Max’s flatmate,” Sophie replied.

“Yeah, my room’s just at the top of those stairs if you need or want anything.” He waggled his eyebrows.

Abbie sputtered and laughed. “You’re ridiculous, you know that?”

He nodded with unabashed good humor. “I’ve been told that before.”

Tamsin came from a hallway at the other end of the kitchen and hip-checked Jasper. “Leave her alone, Jas. She’s a friend of ours and isn’t ready for your flirtation assault.”

Jasper rolled his eyes. “Okay, fair enough.” He stood directly in front of Abbie, forcing her to take an automatic step back before looking up at him. “But if you come to me, all bets are off.” He winked before turning on his heel and jogging up the stairs to his bedroom.

Abbie couldn’t help the exasperated chuckle. “Is he for real?”

Both Tamsin and Sophie shrugged.

“Yeah, that’s Jasper,” Sophie said.

Tamsin’s phone rang. “You two go ahead. I’ll catch up. It’s Liam.”

Sophie tugged her through an expansive living room into the back hallway that sported two additional bedrooms. “Sophie, this is incredible. Looks expensive.”

“Oh this?” She extended her hand and indicated the living room. “This is all Max. I’m just the girlfriend.”

Tamsin had been vague about the details when Abbie had pressed for information about Sophie’s man. Maybe if she was lucky, she could meet the mystery guy. “What does he do for a living, and where can I get one of him?”

Her friend laughed. “Well, he’s a model.”

Abbie’s jaw dropped. “Of course he is.” Sophie lived one of those fabulous lifestyles you could only read about in Us Weekly.

Quickly, she donned the spare set of jeans and the T-shirt Sophie handed her. She immediately regretted the T-shirt, which had slashes through the sides and was almost completely backless. Sophie usually experimented with designs on her own clothes. “Uhm, thanks, maybe you have a sweater too?” Abbie asked hopefully.

“Somewhere in the kitchen, I think I left my jumper that goes with those jeans. We’ll go look.” She continued happily chatting about Max. “Yeah, the modeling jobs pay nicely because he works often, but in addition, he renovates houses and sells them. And he rents out the spare rooms in this place. It’s got five bedrooms and a pretty nice garden.”

Abbie chewed her lip. That explained a lot.

Sophie shrugged and continued, “You know, he’s a bit of a hustler.”

“Oh, okay.” That was a little vague. But shit, he wasn’t her man, so she wouldn’t complain as long as Sophie was happy.

Although her overactive imagination kept picturing the beautiful living room tossed and destroyed because of a drug raid. In her mind’s eye she could just see the collaged photo, half as it was now and half as it would be after the raid with the mysterious Max sitting in the center of it all. Though somehow as Abbie pictured Max, she interchanged him with the knight in shining armor who’d just saved her life.

Sophie shrugged. “You can call him a bit of an entrepreneur.”

Right. “Well, this place is amazing.”

“Thanks. We like it.”

They heard the front door open downstairs, and Sophie grinned. “That’ll be him now.”

Abbie turned toward the heavy footsteps and stared.

“You must be Abbie. I’m Max.”

Abbie did her best to drag her eyes away from the tall specimen of man that strolled up the stairs from the kitchen with a confident swagger. His dirty blond hair dusted his collar and drifted into his face in thick layers. Wow. She knew women who would kill for hair like that.

His green eyes were lively and mischievous and framed by thick lashes. A strong angular jaw and high cheekbones completed the beautiful picture. The only thing that took away from the image of perfection was the bump on the bridge of his nose, but it made him more mysterious. “Nice to meet you.”

Instead of taking her proffered hand, he enveloped her in a hug that stunned her for a second. Great, another hugger. As quick as it flared, she batted down the irrational fear. She’d really have to remind Sophie that she didn’t like to be touched.

He pressed a quick peck to both of her cheeks. “Welcome to London. You’re all Sophie’s talked about.”

“Thank you. I’m excited to be here.”

Max pulled Sophie against his side as he asked, “You’re coming out with us tonight, right?”

Abbie glanced at Sophie for a little help. “What’s happening tonight?”

“Jasper’s DJing. You have to come. You can meet Lex and the rest of the gang. Say you’ll come,” Sophie pleaded.

Abbie hedged. She wanted to get started on some photos and explore a little. But it was also her first night out in London. And it wasn’t like she was set up for night shots yet, anyway. She was still waiting on her sister to ship some of her equipment. “Not too late, right? I have work I need to start on in the morning.”

Sophie rolled her eyes. “You were always so studious. Sure fine. But we’re not taking no for an answer.”

When was the last time she’d gone out on a school night? When was the last time she’d been spontaneous? She couldn’t remember. She’d locked herself in so tight she’d forgotten to breathe and have a little fun.

Thanks to Evan.

She slammed that thought away into a lock box. It was time to embrace her new life and the new her. The new her who went out on a school night. “Okay, but what the hell am I going to wear?”





Chapter 5



Apparently, Abbie had never been clubbing properly.

She and the girls had headed out with Max and some of the other models to the swank Mayfair neighborhood with its elegant row houses and gorgeous parks. The club had a name Abbie couldn’t pronounce and a line out the door that wrapped around the block. And that was the line for women.

Staring mulishly at her borrowed heels, she’d wondered why the hell she’d let Sophie dress her. There was no way she could endure that line in the four-inch stunners. They were beautiful with their red, black, and gold-braided straps, but she’d be ready to cut her feet off at the ankle before she even made it midway through the line.

Then again, when your friend was an up and coming designer, you let her do things like dress you, even at the cost of your comfort. With the flirty red salsa dress Abbie knew she looked hot. Especially since the damn thing was backless. But the shoes were going to be a problem. Abbie could just picture it. There would be Instagram photos of her running around a London club barefooted, a la Brittney Spears pre-conservatorship. She shuddered.

As it turned out, she needn’t have worried about the line. Apparently, since Jasper was the headliner, and Max and one of the other guys were members of the club, all seven of them walked right in as if they owned the place. This kind of clubbing Abbie could get used to.

Inside, the club was mostly empty. As if the throngs waiting outside had been nothing but an illusion. She leaned over to Sophie. “If there’s no one in here, why the hell do they have everyone waiting outside?”

Sophie laughed. “Image, darling. Only about a quarter of those people will get in because they have the cash to bribe the bouncers. And don’t forget most of those people are for the larger club. This area is more exclusive and private.”

“But what’s the point? Wouldn’t they make more money if they just let everyone in?”

Tamsin and Sophie smiled at her like she was the village idiot. Finally Tamsin said, “Honey, this club has members that pay a pretty penny to keep the riff raff out. Besides, it’s a hot spot for OK magazine darlings and the Royals. The princes have partied here, so have the princesses and lesser aristocracy. Princess Alicia was spotted here last week. You can’t let the general public in with them. It would be pandemonium.”

Abbie blinked. “And Jasper’s DJing here? He must be really good.”

Sophie shrugged. “He is. He creates beats for some local UK artists too. He’s starting to get big.” Her friend assessed her shrewdly. “You’re starting to pay more attention to him now, huh?”

A quick laugh burst out of Abbie’s lungs. “No. He’s lovely, but I don’t buy the flirtation for a minute. I won’t be spending any time in his, erm, DJ booth.”

Sophie cackled. “Don’t let him hear you say that. You’ll only become even more of a challenge.”

“Oh, fantastic.”

Tamsin joined them with three shots in her hands. “Okay, ladies, drink up. These are courtesy of Max and the boys at the bar.”

Abbie stared at the purple liquid. “What is this?”

Both of them laughed, and Tamsin just said, “I don’t think you want to know.” Raising her glass to the two of them, she added, “To Abbie. Welcome to London. And to the three of us, together again!”

“To us,” Abbie muttered before tossing back the violet liquid. Surprisingly, it went down smooth and tasted remarkably like grape juice. It wasn’t until several seconds later that a warming sensation started in her belly, then slowly spread to her extremities, making her instantly relaxed and a little numb. “Jesus, Tams, what was that?”

“They call it a Post Orgasm. Makes you feel loose, huh?”

“Loose is one word for it.” Abbie couldn’t feel her fingertips.

Sophie grabbed the glasses and deposited them with a barback who moved through the crowd. “Come on, girls, it’s time to dance.”

Now dancing, she could do.

As they hit the center of the dance floor closest to the DJ booth, Abbie closed her eyes and let the music take over her limbs. Jasper mixed some unfamiliar drum and base beats along with some mild electronica and infused them into dancehall, rock, and popular rap songs.

The only problem was, three women dancing together tended to attract attention…unwanted attention.

It wasn’t long before guys started to join them, dancing in the periphery, then eventually sidling up close. Tamsin and Sophie welcomed the attention. Abbie tried to focus on the music and ignore them. The first guy to slide up behind her had her body stiffening. Immediately, she stepped forward, spun around, and ended up on the other side of their little circle.

The next guy tried a frontal approach. Luckily, she could see him coming and waved him off. Maybe it was time to find Max and the other guys and sit down.

She waved at Jasper, and he frowned but nodded his acknowledgement. Sophie and Tamsin were too occupied to notice she’d slunk off the dance floor. On the edges where it was darkest, she paused and searched for where the guys had gone.

“I figured I’d try something different and ask you to dance.”

Abbie whirled around and let out a small squeak of alarm. The muscles in her lower belly quivered, and her breath caught. Her savior from earlier stood in front of her, looking like a cross between an angel of mercy and the devil incarnate. “We have to stop meeting like this,” she mumbled.

A smile tugged at the corners of his lips. “Well, there’s no rain at the moment, so we should be safe. I trust we were able to save your camera?”

Heat flooded her cheeks. “Yes. Thank you. Honestly that could have been ugly today. I’m indebted.”

“How about a dance, and we’ll call it even?”

A dance? With him? Pressed up against… “I uh…”

“Now, I’m not as good as you are, so you’ll need to take it easy on me.” He outstretched his hand and waited for her to take it. He didn’t press or push, just stood there…waiting.

Jasper didn’t help her when he switched the track to a dancehall reggae song with a grooving beat.

Butterflies fluttered low in her belly. When was the last time she’d had butterflies? Unfortunately with those butterflies also came fear. The fact was she didn’t know this guy. But, if he’d wanted to hurt you, he could have already.

It’s just a dance. She glanced down at his hand and placed her palm in his. Determined not to be nervous, she smiled up at him. “Hardly seems fair. You save my life and all you get is this dance.”

He drew her close, but not too close, keeping his hands at her waist. He waited patiently until she looped her arms around his neck. “It’s well worth it to me.” The low rumble in his chest as he spoke sent shivers coursing through her body.

As it turned out, he didn’t need any help dancing. He moved them easily in time to the seductive beat. Abbie didn’t dare look around because she knew what she’d find—couples pressed so close that they might as well be naked and in bed. Dirty dancing was a requisite of dancehall music, but her partner kept a marginally safe distance between them, figuratively if not literally, because with every down swing of the base, their hips rocked into each other.

She swallowed hard, but then forced her gaze up to meet his. As soon as their gazes met, her heart rate kicked. His slate gray eyes framed by dark lashes, stayed on hers. Nervously, she licked her lips. He stilled for just a second, causing her to lose her footing and bringing her flush against his body.

She froze, muscles tight. Touching wasn’t something she was used to or allowed easily. But with him, she didn’t want to be anywhere else. He smelled of mint and something crisp and woodsy, like he’d spent the afternoon outside on the water. She released her strangled breath and let her body relax into his. She felt, rather than heard, the low rumble in his throat as his chest vibrated against hers. His warmth enveloped her, and she could tune out everything but him. As if it were only the two of them on the edges of the dance floor.

There, in the dark, in the arms of a relative stranger, she felt safe.

His hands shifted on her waist so his thumbs traced her hipbones, and Abbie forgot to breathe. Wobbly knees forced her to tighten her hold on him. As if responding to her body’s automatic softening, her eyes dipped to his lips.

What the hell am I doing? Her brain tried desperately to take control of the situation. But she didn’t fell like listening. For the first time in longer than she cared to think about, she liked having someone’s hands on her. She wasn’t afraid. Instead, she craved it, that connection. Her body hummed with vibrant sexual energy. An energy she hadn’t felt in six long years. There were nerves, but not from fear or trepidation. It felt good. Better than good. It made her remember how much she needed to be touched. Or rather touched by someone who could make her feel safe.

But just as the last of the tension ebbed out of her body, his thumbs pressed gently against her hipbones, moving her back several inches. He raised his head, and they stood like that for several seconds before Abbie realized Jasper had switched the music. Oh, God. She’d been standing here with a total stranger, practically melting into him.

Heat rushed to her face. “I—”

He smiled, and she was too blinded to finish. Gently his thumbs traced across her hipbones once more, and he let her go. “Thank you for the dance.” Then he turned around and walked away.

Abbie spent several seconds staring after him. What the hell had just happened?

“Hey, there you are.” Tamsin’s voice broke her out of the fog. “Who was that you were dancing with?”

Abbie stared into the crowd feeling empty. “I have no idea.”





Chapter 6



Two days later, Abbie stood in front of Xander’s door wishing she hadn’t stayed up so late again. She’d need to be careful hanging out with Sophie and crew. She wiped her sweaty palms on her jeans. Come on. Get it together. You’re here to learn. She couldn’t be afraid forever.

Taking one more deep breath to marshal her nerves, she knocked quietly.

“It’s open.”

“Here goes nothing,” she mumbled.

The moment she opened the door to Xander’s office, she felt like she’d walked into an episode of Hoarders. There were piles everywhere and books and boxes of photo equipment. Wow. “Uhm, is this a good time?”

He grinned as he stood. “Of course. It’s your time to use. Here, let me clear you a spot to sit.” Quickly, he cleared a stack of coffee table books off a chair and placed them on the floor beside his desk. “There you go. Have a seat, Little Bird.”

She flushed. “Why do you keep calling me that?”

He plopped into his seat across from her with a lazy ease. “What, Little Bird? It’s how I see you. I go through every single one of the photos that you all submit for review. Occasionally, one or two stand out. From that point forward, I can’t help but look at my students that way, as if that photo encompasses everything they are.” He shrugged. “Hence, Little Bird.”

There was no way she’d be able to concentrate with him staring at her like that. Like she had his full focus. She tried not to squirm under the scrutiny of his direct gaze. “So, can I ask, what are you looking for in your assistant position?”

His bark of laughter was rich and low. “Right to the point, I see.”

Abbie shrugged. “It’s why I came to London. I want to work with you.”

Something flittered over his expression, but it was gone almost as quickly as it had appeared. “I’m looking for a damn good photographer who can put up with me. Right now, all of you show promise, but I think with some hard work, we can make you shine.”

Way to be vague. “I’d just like to know the criteria you’re using to measure my work.”

His lips tipped up in an oddly familiar smile. “Ahhh, the artist with a type A streak. I understand. Composition, command of the light around you, the basics, but to an expert level. I don’t want to be able to tell the difference between your work and an Ansell Adams. But you have to infuse heart into your images. That and confidence. If it’s not there, I can’t use you.”

Heart. Confidence. Considering hers had been ripped out of her chest, and her confidence lay under a pile of shit, she’d have to figure that out. “Okay. I can work on it.”

“So, tell me what you’re thinking of for your first assignment.”

Abbie detailed her plan to photograph the architecture of London and how she hoped to get that gritty urban feel that somehow still managed to convey joy. He listened intently before speaking.

“It’s a decent plan. But honestly, I want to push you outside of your comfort zone. I don’t want you to take pretty pictures of landscapes. Your portfolio was a little light on portraits. Maybe you can try some this week.”

Abbie forced her breathing to even out. Portraits. Absolutely her weakest kind of photos. “I uh—”

“Hold that thought.” He stood and strode to the bookshelf. Xander pulled out a dusty hardcover and handed it to her. Then he got on his hands and knees and searched the lower shelves before finding what he was looking for. “And this.”

His fingertips brushed hers, and she jumped. He immediately withdrew his hand and sat on the edge of his desk, giving her plenty of room. Great. Now he thought she was nuts.

“I don’t understand.”

Xander studied her carefully. “You’re here to learn, right? And to push your boundaries?”

Abbie nodded.

“Then try something new. Have a look through those two books. Jonathan Frazier is one of my favorite photographers. The first one is a book of his landscapes. The other is of his portraits. Next meeting, tell me which ones moved you the most.” He glanced at the clock. “It looks like our time is up for today.”

Wow, an hour had gone by that quickly? “Sure. I can do that.” She thanked him and picked up her bag to leave.

He stopped her in the doorway. “Abbie.” His voice was low as he leaned forward. “You can’t photograph honestly when you’re shuttered from the world. You’ll have to open yourself and show your vulnerability to hit your true potential.”

Abbie tipped her chin up. “I can do that.” At least she could try. Landscapes had always been easy for her, but if he wanted to push her, then fine. She’d get some portraits done. Even as she waved goodbye, her brain was already formulating a plan for the kinds of portraits she might be able to do.

Checking her watch again, she hurried out of the media building to meet Ilani for lunch. She’d already hit up most of the campus spots for a potential job before her meeting with Xander. Hopefully, something would come up in the next couple of days.

Her friend arrived mere seconds after she did. “So how did your meeting go with Mr. I’d-consider-a threesome-for-you Chase?”

Abbie barked out a laugh as she and Ilani grabbed a seat at the campus café. “Seriously, Ilani?”

The blonde shrugged. “I’m not into girls, but if that man asked me, I’d say hell yes, whatever you want. Come on, he’s certainly worth the shag.”

“You’re ridiculous. Have you had your meeting with him yet?”

Ilani shook her head. “Mine’s this afternoon.”

Abbie eyed her friend. Ilani had gone for a short corduroy skirt and low-cut fitted sweater. “I see you dressed to impress.”

Ilani beamed. “Well, you have to put your best assets on display and see what happens. I mean, he might have said he’s not interested, but I know for a fact he’s slept with a student before.”

Intrigued, Abbie leaned forward. “Really? Who?”

Ilani glanced around surreptitiously. “She was a year ahead of me and in his undergraduate class. Rumor is, she made him an offer he couldn’t refuse.”

“So what happened with her?”

Ilani shrugged. “Well Xander is notorious. Maybe she couldn’t keep up.”

“Uh huh.”

“Okay, fine, she caught him with some model on a shoot and went ballistic on him.”

“Explain ballistic.”

“Well, rumor is that their little tryst was all about woman on top. She allegedly grabbed the model by the hair and yanked her clean off Xander, then well, threatened him with bodily harm if you know what I mean.” Ilani waggled her eyebrows. “She went completely mental. Screaming and shouting that she was going to end his career. Of course, she’s the one who was carted off. He emerged unscathed.”

That sounded like something from a soap opera. “Don’t you think if all that happened, he’d be a lot less likely to sleep with another student?”

Ilani grinned. “Difference is, I only want him for his body. I have no desire for a relationship of any kind. What about you?”

The waitress arrived with water and took their orders.

Abbie shook her head. “Oh, I’m off relationships. I just got out of a bad one, and I’m not eager to repeat the experience.”

“Oh no, I meant Xander. What do you want him for?”

“Xander? The only thing I want from him is an excellent job recommendation, if not a job, by the end of the year. Other than that, he’s all yours.”

Ilani studied her. “Are you sure about that?”

Abbie frowned and shifted uncomfortably in her seat. “What do you mean?”

Her new friend shrugged. “It means I saw you guys in the hall earlier. It looked like he might kiss you or something.”

Abbie blinked. “No. He was not going to kiss me. He was busy imparting some knowledge about how I’ll need to be more vulnerable. Besides, I’m not interested. I’m staying far away from guys right now. He’s all yours.”

“If you say so. But from where I was standing, he looked plenty interested in you.”

The look of seriousness on Ilani’s face was the only thing keeping Abbie from laughing out loud. “I promise you he’s not. I’m just a student to him. Besides, with that skirt on, you’re sure to catch his attention.”

Ilani looked temporarily mollified, but then she added, “Look, all kidding aside, you seem like the kind of girl who would get hurt. I like you, and I don’t want to see that happen. Just be careful.”





Chapter 7



“You ready for dinner?” Lex asked his brother as he narrowly avoided stepping on a box of lens filters.

“Yeah, just let me put away the student portfolios,” Xander replied.

Lex looked around his brother’s tiny office. “Just where do you plan on putting them, Xander? It’s not like you have a lot of room in here.”

“Take the piss all you want, mate. I have a system.” He stuck the portfolios on an already overflowing shelf. “Besides, it’s not like I have an assistant right now. Most of this stuff will move to my studio anyway. Once that’s done, it’ll be downright neat in here.”

Lex just laughed. “Sure. Whatever you say.”

His brother studied him as they left his office and took the back hall to the staff parking lot. “So, what’s with you?”

Lex shoved his hands into his pockets and kept his gaze looking ahead. He didn’t need Xander probing into the dark recesses of his mind. “Nothing. Why do you ask?”

Xander dropped his camera bag in the boot, then strolled around to the driver’s side of his Pagani Huayra. “Seriously, Alexi? You seem to forget it’s my job to study the nuances of human features and emotion then capture those moments.”

Lex wasn’t in the mood for his brother’s attempts at psychoanalysis. He carefully opened the passenger door of the Huayra. The car was both the fastest and the flashiest of Xander’s vehicles. Lex preferred to run around in something more subtle, but his brother liked the attention. Although, Lex had to admit, the thing was cool.

“I’m not biting, Xander. Let it go.”

“I can’t. It’s written all over your face. The tight set of your mouth. When you smile, it doesn’t quite reach your eyes. Your body has a rigidity to it. Especially in your shoulders. Like you’re poised and ready to take action on something. Not to mention you’re fidgety as hell.”

Lex immediately stopped playing with the hem on his hoodie. “I am not fidgety.”

“Come on. Why don’t you just tell me what it is? Is it Gemma?”

Lex was careful to keep his voice neutral. “When did you become an agony aunt? I’m fine.”

Xander narrowed his eyes and studied him as they came to the stop sign at the campus exit. “No, it’s not Gemma, but it is a woman. Go ahead and tell me I’m wrong.”

“You’re wrong.” He kept his face averted toward the window. Maybe dinner with his brother had been a bad idea.

“You forget I know you better than anyone. Who is she?”

Lex dropped his head against the headrest. “She’s no one. Just a girl. I don’t even know her name.” But as luck would have it, he’d seen her with Max’s girlfriend. So if he was so inclined he could track her down.

Xander shook his head. “See, I’ve got the skills of a detective. Maybe when this photography thing is over I should join Scotland Yard. Screw that I’m going big. MI-6 all the way.”

Despite himself, Lex laughed. “You’re full of shit.”

“Maybe, but I figured out some woman is tying you in knots. Gemma got a clue?”

Xander was the only one who knew the truth behind his relationship with Gemma. And he thought Lex was insane to go along with it. “There’s nothing to tell Gemma. I haven’t done anything. And I’m not going to.” He said through ground teeth. He couldn’t pursue it. He wanted it too much.

“Yeah right. You’ve got the look of a man on a tight string.” His brother shook his head as he easily navigated the streets of Ealing on his way to the motorway. “Though I have to say, I like this look on you.”

Lex frowned. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”

“Oh, I dunno. I feel like you’ve used your relationship with Gemma as an excuse to never get close to anyone. Sure you have a discrete dalliance here, a hot fling there, but you’ve never had to be in a real relationship. With someone you care about, who would actually have to get to know the real you.”

“Shut it, Xander.”

His brother laughed. “Why? Because I’m telling you the truth? You are avoiding intimacy because you’re afraid of what you’ll have to show and share. It’s classic.”

Lex rolled his eyes. “Oh, I’m the one with love issues? Says the man who goes through women like you’ve heard there will be a store closing on them or something.”

Xander grinned. “I do love women. But we weren’t talking about me. Besides, I’ve turned over a new leaf. Women are to be treated with respect. We were talking about you and some woman getting under your skin. It’s a good look for you.”

“Wow, Xan, I had no idea you were such a romantic.” He eyed his brother again. “Shit, you’re not sleeping with another one of your students, are you?”

Xander’s eyes bugged. “No! Hell no. I learned my lesson the first time.”

Lex laughed. “You know they have those rules for a reason.”

“I said I’m not fucking sleeping with her.”

“Her, so there’s a her?”

Xander cursed. “No. I have a student. She’s promising, that’s it.”

“And you want to sleep with her.”

“No. Damn it. I want to teach her.”

Lex had to laugh. “Exactly what do you want to teach her, Xan?”

“Shut up, Baby Brother.”

“Yeah, that’s what I thought.”

Xander was quiet for several moments before he quietly said, “The old man called me. Or rather had Mum call me.”

“Fucking fantastic. Whose side are you on, Xander?”

“Yours. Always yours.”

Lex glared at his brother. “Then why are you pushing his agenda?”

“I’m not. I swear. I personally think you should tell the geezer to fuck off like I did. I just worry he’ll pull the trigger on his threat.”

“Well, he’s welcome to. In a few weeks, I won’t need his money.”

“It’s more than money you’re walking away from, Lex. It’s not always easy to do. I wouldn’t think any less of you if you took his deal.”

Blood boiled under Lex’s skin. “After everything that happened, you think I’d take the easy way out? I don’t want anything from him.”

“And everything comes back to that.”

Lex ground his teeth. “Of course it comes back to that. We were kids Xan. He was supposed to love us and instead he treated us like we’d tarnished his good name.”

“Never said he wasn’t a prick.”

“Well, I want nothing from that prick. I knew that night he didn’t give a shit about us.”

His brother nodded. “Also true. That night changed everything, but we survived.”

Had they? Lex didn’t feel like he’d survived. He felt like a storm battered buoy most of the time. “It was a hell of a price to pay.”

Xander nodded slowly. “Just as long as you understand what that will mean for you.”

“Yeah, it will mean my freedom.”





Chapter 8



Dinner with his brother had gone infinitely better once they stopped talking about their father. Though, Lex knew next time he’d have to lay off the Scotch. It had been two days and he still hadn’t fully recovered.

His skin buzzed, his brain was foggy, and his focus was shot to hell. But that could easily be because he knew he was about to see his mystery girl again. His blood rushed just thinking of having her in his arms again.

When Max had told him to pop ’round he mentioned Sophie was having some friends around too. He prayed her friend included the American girl. And just like that, the force of the gravitational pull was too strong to ignore. Lex knew he had it bad. He didn’t even know her name and he was a total sap.

He tried to focus on what the hell Jasper was saying but his brain could only focus on the sounds of Sophie and her friends as they walked in the door. Sophie bounded in with her usual energy, her friends in tow.

She greeted him with a hug. “Hey Lex. I wanted you to meet my friends, Abbie and Tamsin.”

So at last he had a name. Lex forced himself to smile and mutter a greeting to Tamsin as he kissed her on both cheeks. When he turned his attention to Abbie, he steeled himself for the current of electricity.

She met his gaze with a sheepish smile and said, “Actually, Sophie, we’ve already met. Sort of.”

Lex cleared his throat. “Abbie, it’s nice to meet you, officially.” He shouldn’t touch her again, but he knew if he didn’t, he’d probably regret it the rest of the night. Stepping forward, he took her hand and kissed her twice on the cheek. He took note of her stiff posture again. Yeah, she was definitely not comfortable with touching. He slowly let out a breath before backing away. Her lemony shampoo made his nose tingle. He ached to keep her in his hold. He was in trouble. A shit load of trouble.

“Earth to Lex, pay attention, mate. This is your birthday, after all. And we’ve got a week to make it epic,” Max muttered.

Lex rolled his head and tried to massage his neck. “I’m not sure what you need me for. I told you my criteria. I really don’t want it to be seedy. No surprises and no strippers. I want to know what’s coming.”

As Sophie chatted with her friends, his gaze kept wandering in Abbie’s direction. The memory of her pressed up against him, melting into his arms, snuck into his frontal lobe. And the memory alone was enough to trigger a kick of lust to his groin.

Jasper, relentless flirt that he was, lost focus on the birthday plans and hit on the girls instead. Specifically Abbie. Lex couldn’t help the pang of jealousy as Jasper turned a full watt grin on her.

“You’re looking beautiful as always, ladies. Especially you, Abbie.”

Tamsin just laughed and shook her head. Abbie blinked at Jasper once, then twice, then said, “Do these cheap lines really work on girls?”

Jasper frowned. “Yes, usually.”

Abbie shook her head. “I’m not sure why. They could use a dose of sincerity.”

Lex grinned. So she wasn’t shy or afraid to call things as she saw them. He liked her even more.

Jasper clutched both hands over his heart and pretended to die. “You wound me. That’s okay though. I have thick skin, and I’m not giving up.”

There was no way Lex was letting Jasper hold too much of her attention. He smiled at Abbie and asked, “Did you girls have fun at the club the other night?”

Under her flawless dark skin, he noted a shade of pink. Good, maybe he had her thinking about their dance.

Abbie stuttered, “Y-yeah, it was fun. I had no idea Jasper was such a good DJ.”

Fantastic. He’d given her the opening to give Jasper a compliment. Moron.

“What’s this about no strippers?” Sophie asked.

Max rolled his eyes. “Lex doesn’t want strippers at his party. We’re trying to convince him he’s got to do it.”

Abbie met his gaze as she slid into a chair between Tamsin and Jasper. “Why don’t you want strippers? Aren’t you supposed to want strippers?”

Nick guffawed. “See, Abbie speaks sense. You’re a man. There should be naked women there.”

“I prefer any naked women I’m around to be there because they want to be, not because they are allegedly working their way through University or something.”

Abbie laughed and the sound filled his head. “What are you going to have if not strippers?”

Wow, someone who actually cared what he wanted. “Maybe a little poker, some music. Something low key.”

Max tossed a pen at him. “No way, no how, Lex. It’s your twenty-fifth birthday. It has to be fun. You can be mellow after this party, but for the meantime, Jasper and Nick and I will plan it.”

“Any chance I’m going to escape it?”

“Nope,” Max said with a grin.

“Fine, I give up.” Through his peripheral vision he watched as the girls headed up to one of the bedrooms. Try as he might, he couldn’t keep his mind focused on the conversation. Eventually, the guys stopped including him and just talked football.

His phone buzzed in his pocket, and he frowned the moment he pulled it out. His father had been calling all day. If he didn’t answer now, there was no way the old man would stop. “I’ll just grab this on the patio.”

No one paid him any attention as he headed up the stairs to the living room then out onto the patio. “What’s the problem?”

His father’s voice was terse. “Did you speak to your brother?”

Damn it, could he get fucking peace from the man? His mind went to a point in his life when he’d needed the old man and how his father hadn’t made the time for him. But now when he wanted something, it was all Lex could do to get away from him.

“Yes, I did. I also thought I made it clear that you’d have a decision after my birthday, not before.”

“What is there to think about? It’s not as if you’ll forgo the money you’ve gotten so used to. I have a problem I need you to address in Japan in a few days. You’ll need—”

“No.” Lex kept his voice controlled, but anger simmered under his skin. He hated how his father treated him like a foregone conclusion. “I’m not going to Japan. I’m not going anywhere until my decision is made.” If he told his father to shove it up his ass now, the old man would know something was up. His assumption that Lex wouldn’t give up money was right, at least partly. If his father got wind of the sale, he would move heaven and earth to stop it, and Lex wasn’t going to let that happen.

“You’re walking a tightrope. Your birthday is in a few days.”

“And you said I had until my birthday to decide, so I’m taking the time.” Lex hung up before his father could say anything else. Even talking to the old man for five minutes was enough to make his temper bubble over.

A voice from his left startled him. “Everything okay?”

Abbie. The anger morphed into something else far more dangerous. “Shit, I didn’t know you were out here.”

She ducked her head as she stepped out of the shadows. “Yeah, sorry. We both had the same idea.” She held up her phone. “I didn’t mean to eavesdrop.”

Lex shook his head. “Just family drama.”

Her smile was rueful as she spoke. “Tell me about it.”

She shifted toward the balcony door, and his mind searched for something else to say to prolong the conversation. “How’s the camera?”

Her brows knotted together then rose as she tilted her head.

“Your camera? I figure since I was its knight in shining armor, I should ask after it. After all, I nearly died performing its rescue.”

She laughed, and Lex felt like he’d been lit up from the inside.

“Yeah, it’s good. You know, it was a tough ordeal. But with a little therapy and some new filters for medication, she’ll be all right.”

“Glad to hear it.” His fingers itched to touch her again, but he knew better even if she did welcome the touch, he needed to stay very far away from her. A girl like her would tear him up inside. He knew what he was. And once she found out the same, she’d run for the hills. He was better off staying away. “Next you’re going to tell me she has a name.”

Abbie grinned and took two steps toward him. Hell, if she came any closer, he’d forget about his damned don’t touch her rule.

“I call her the badass money maker.”

He laughed. “Are you serious?”

“Of course. I’ve taken all my best photos with her. I have another two cameras, but they don’t seem to do it the same way she does.”

He held up his hands. “Okay, okay. Fair enough. Bad ass money maker it is.” He rubbed his jaw. “My brother’s a photographer, and I don’t think he names his cameras. His other appendages yeah, but never his cameras.” The moment he’d let it slip abut Xander he wanted to bite his tongue off. He prayed she didn’t ask if she might have seen his work. Lex didn’t need her going all starry-eyed once she knew about the infamous half of the Chase brothers.

Abbie cocked her head. “You can’t mock her name. I like it. Besides, your name is Lex. Please tell me your parents had a sick sense of humor and your last name is Luther. That would be perfect.”

“A Superman lover, I see.” Well, wasn’t she full of surprises? “And Mum and Dad do not have a sense of humor, thank God. It’s Chase, actually. Alexi Chase.”

Abbie frowned “Is Chase a common surname?”

He inclined his head. “Common enough. I suppose it’s like the surname Smith. Why?”

She shook her head. “No reason.” She studied him carefully. “Anyway, I like it. Alexi sounds Russian.”

“My maternal grandmother is Russian. Grandfather was half Turkish and half British.” He cleared his throat and watched her carefully. She tucked one of her braids behind her ear and he longed to touch her. Who was he kidding? He couldn’t be casual with her, and he couldn’t let her get too close and see him for who he really was, so his only option was to stay away from her. He could try to be good.

“I think I prefer Alexi.”

“And is Abbie short for Abigail?”

She wrinkled her nose. “No. It’s Abena. Abena Nartey.”

He cocked his head. “Beautiful, like its owner.”

She ducked her head. “Uhm, thanks. I guess I should be grateful I wasn’t born on a less attractive sounding day.”

He furrowed his brow. “I don’t understand.”

“Like Sophie, I’m from Ghana. My name means born on Tuesday.”

“What a coincidence, Tuesday is my favorite day of the week.”

She laughed. “You’re almost as bad as Jasper now.”

“Oh, ouch. I like to think I bring my own flair.” He liked her. Enough to ignore the warning bells clanging in his skull. When she was relaxed, she was funny and sarcastic and kept him on his toes.

“Well, if it’s any consolation, I think you’re probably a better dancer.”

“Hell, yes. I can give you another demonstration anytime you like.”

Her gaze snapped to his, and a smile tugged at her lips. “I uhm, thought I already repaid my debt.”

“You did. This dance would just be because it’s fun.” Maybe he was pushing his luck. Maybe she’d scurry away again at a moment’s notice.

But she didn’t. He lost track of how long they stayed outside talking about nothing in particular. But he sure as hell didn’t plan on leaving before she did.

It wasn’t until Tamsin called her name from somewhere inside the house that she excused herself.

“Duty calls. I guess I’ll see you around, Alexi.”

Oh, hell. The way she said his name held him transfixed. Abena Nartey was going to be a problem.





Chapter 9



When Lex opened the door to the barge on the morning of his party, he stood stunned for several seconds.

“Don’t look so surprised, it’s not like you’ve never seen me before,” his father said.

Lex didn’t move aside to let him in. “Well, I’ve just never seen you here before. Is everything okay with Mum?”

The older man sneered. “Your mother is fine, last I heard from her shopping detail. Now step aside, and let me in.”

Lex didn’t see any way around it. If the old man wanted in, Lex wouldn’t stop him, but he’d sure as hell have exterminators come through afterward and clear out the bad energy. “What’s up, Dad? I still have a day to tell you my decision.”

“I do know it’s your birthday tomorrow. I was there for the big event after all. I’m not totally oblivious.”

Lex frowned. “Considering that you’ve only been around for a couple of birthdays that I can remember, and given that you usually have your secretary pick my present, I’m pretty sure you’re not here because of my birthday.”

His father squared his shoulders. “Well, you would be wrong. Tomorrow, once you’ve properly turned twenty-five, I want you in the office. But for today, I’m here to give you something.”

Lex worked hard to keep his expression neutral. “Yeah okay, Dad, but you could have had someone bring whatever it is over.” He hovered near the door. “I’m actually late for an appointment.”

His father scoffed. “I think your friends can wait. After all, it’s only a party. You’re busy talking to your father.”

Lex gnashed his teeth. He didn’t have time for this bullshit. If he didn’t hurry, he’d be late for his meeting with Toshino. But the hell he was going to tell his father any of that. Lex just prayed the old man wouldn’t take it out on his mother.

“I really do have an appointment, Dad.”

His father shoved his hands into his pockets as he shook his head. “Fine, we’ll continue with our conversation tomorrow. Do you at least want to see your present?”

No, he didn’t. “Sure. What is it?”

His father pulled out a set of car keys and tossed them to him. The BMW key fob matched the one he already had for his car. “You bought me a car?”

His father nodded. “I asked my secretary to go and pick up something a young man in his twenties would want. She came back with this. A BMW 6 Series convertible. I don’t know what you’re driving these days, but I’m sure this is better.”

No. Not better. Exact replica was more accurate. Was his father that clueless that he didn’t even know what he drove or that he’d bought the car for himself? Hurt chased annoyance as Lex took the keys. “Yeah thanks, Dad.” He’d find a charity in the morning to see if they’d come pick up the car. At least he could do something useful with it. “If that’s it I need to get going.”

His father eyed him up and down once more. Lex held his father’s gaze directly and wished he knew why his father had stopped loving him.

Once his father left, it didn’t take his mother long to call him. “How is one of my favorite sons?”

“You know that doesn’t actually mean anything unless you designate one of us your favorite, right?”

His mother sniffed. “You know I can’t choose. You and Xander are both so dear and darling to me.”

“Right. So what’s up?”

“I know your father just left.”

Ahh, so the old man had called to complain. “Really, Mum. I don’t want to fight about him today.”

“And we won’t.” She placated him. “I was just going to say, I have the perfect charity to drop the car off with.”

“You can relax, Mum, I’m not even that pissed. It’s not a surprise after all. Of course, he wouldn’t be paying attention.”

His mother laughed, and it made him smile. Her laugh was one of his favorite things. “Well, that’s a change. There was a time not so long ago that you would have both deteriorated into an all-out shouting match.”

“Yes, I like to call that period last week.” He sniggered.

“My, how you’ve matured since then.”

“Well, having it out with him would have ruined my birthday, and I’m not willing to do that.”

She was quiet for a moment. “You sound different.”

He had to roll his eyes. She was constantly trying to slink into mother hen mode. “No, I’m not sick. I’m eating, and I’m not working too hard.”

“Oh, stop. Let an old woman worry.”

“I doubt anyone would have the courage to call you old.”

She laughed. “They’d better not. But no.” She paused. “It’s something else. You sound lighter, somehow. Happy, almost.”

Yeah. Almost. “I don’t know what you mean.” Except he did. He’d be seeing Abbie again tonight. Except tonight, he was going to content himself with seeing her from afar. If he got too close, he’d do something stupid.

“If I didn’t know better, I’d say you met someone.”

He coughed. “Mum, stop. Have you forgotten, I’m with Gemma?”

His mother sighed. “No. I haven’t forgotten. I’m just saying as much as I adore Gemma, I don’t think you’re particularly passionate about her. I don’t think she inspires this kind of levity in you. Everyone deserves passion, Lex.”

“Uhm, Mum, this is fast becoming a very awkward conversation.” He shoved a hand into his pocket as he said a silent prayer that she didn’t expound on everyone needing passion.

She sighed. “Fair enough. I mostly just called to wish you a happy early birthday and tell you that your present will be delivered to the Brixton Youth Center tomorrow. I figure you’ll want to be on site for it. I’ve arranged for that basketball player Beef Bryant to visit.”

He frowned. “Uhm, do you mean Kobe?”

“Oh, yes, that’s the one.”

He laughed. “Thank you, Mum. That is a brilliant gift. Just send me the details. The kids will be so excited. I can’t wait to see their faces.”

“I’m glad you like it. After all, what does a mother get for the son who has everything?”

“It’s brilliant, Mum. Honest.”

“Good. But Lex?”

“Yeah?”

“I meant what I said about passion. I’d hate for you to let the past stop you from finding someone you can really love. No matter who that might be.”





Chapter 10



If Abbie was going to continue hanging out with Sophie, she’d have to get some comfortable shoes and hydrate better.

Bending over, she adjusted the strap of sexy, black, sling-back stilettos. When Sophie had come home to the flat, Abbie and Tamsin had both been surprised, but their friend had only been there to grab an outfit and drag Abbie out the door with her. Tamsin had been smart enough to beg off with the excuse of having to work.

The glitterati life was fun, but Abbie was starting to see it for what it was. The same crowd at different venues, looking vaguely bored and searching for something to entertain them. A month ago, she never would have dreamed of this place. A few weeks and a transatlantic flight later, she was bypassing club lines, hanging out in VIP, and being flirted with by guys who were so beautiful they made her feel inadequate. Like Evan.

Nevertheless, she was kidding herself if she thought she was skipping Alexi’s birthday. Just the idea of seeing him again made her heart race. She didn’t want to examine those feelings too closely. Because then she’d have to think about what that meant.

As usual, Max and the boys took care of her while Sophie flitted about, hugging and air kissing the beautiful people. Abbie had always wondered how her friend managed it—to be equal parts sincere, but fabulous.

Two sake shots, and one absinth drink later, Abbie still hadn’t seen hide nor hair of the birthday boy. Head buzzing and needing some air, she trudged up the dingy back stairs looking for the roof. Maybe it was for the best that she’d yet to see Alexi. It didn’t matter what he did to her insides; he was first and foremost a guy, so she’d have to be careful. Secondly, he was out of her league, and finally, too much like Evan—too handsome, with access to money and power. She’d fallen for the smooth, good-guy image before. She wasn’t going to be fooled again. She couldn’t afford to be.

Abbie shoved open the sticky rooftop door, and the chilled air immediately cleared her alcohol-fogged mind of any Evan thoughts. She wasn’t going to think about him or what she’d left behind. Or worse how she’d let herself be treated. And she was certainly not going to think about how she’d left it all behind. She was going to focus entirely on this life. This new experience. She would only be able to live in this dream world for so long, and she wanted to enjoy every single aspect of it. Even if it did feel like a fantasy.

The dingy stairs and heavy door were misleading. Instead of the industrial landscape she expected, the club’s roof was a lush green garden. A massive trellis obscured most of the view of London nightlife, save one exposed ledge with padded bench seating.

Sucking in the air like it was fresh water after a drought, Abbie escaped to the bench and toppled onto it. She slipped off Sophie’s shoes and immediately started rubbing her feet, wondering what kind of hangover she’d have in the morning. Was there a rule against mixing sake and absinthe, like there was for beer and liquor? Hell, back home she barely even drank, save the occasional martini if she was out with Evan.

A couple of weeks with Tamsin, Sophie, and their rag-tag bunch of model boys, and she was buzzed on a rooftop in London. Maybe this was her Sex in the City moment. Though, she doubted Carrie, Miranda, or Samantha would have been up on a rooftop alone.

“So, first you crash my party, and then you crash my sanctuary. We have really got to stop meeting like this. It could be hazardous to your health.”

Abbie whirled around to find Lex sitting in a hidden alcove about three feet from her. “In case you didn’t know, it’s your birthday. I think you’re supposed to be at the party.”

Alexi shrugged, and she was fascinated by what the action did to his shoulder muscles.

“Well, the most intriguing girl there barely made time to talk to me. She was occupied by the DJ and a stream of would-be suitors, so I came up here to lament.”

A flush crept up Abbie’s neck. He’d been waiting to speak to her? “Sorry about that. Sophie can be Sophie. Apparently there were lots of people I just had to meet.”

“Yes, I saw you.” He cocked his head. “You looked visibly uncomfortable.”

Abbie snorted. “You caught that, did you?” She’d have to be careful with him. He was way too observant. “Not real big on hugging.”

He scooted out of the alcove and sauntered over to join her on the bench. She caught a whiff of cologne as he sat. Something musky, but also crisp and intoxicating.

“So tell me, how did you end up here? In my sanctuary.”

“Well, I didn’t see a sign, so sorry to crash your private party. And sorry to crash your actual party. I got enveloped in Sophie’s plan, as usual. I heard you guys planning the other day, but had no idea it was your actual birthday until we got here.”

He shook his head. “I was teasing. Any friend of Sophie’s…”

Abbie hid a smile. You don’t even know this guy. Well not true exactly. She knew he had a penchant for rescues and he had family problems. And he makes your skin tingle when he touches you. Yeah well, she needed to go ahead and forget that one. And he makes you feel safe.

“Well, I had too much sake and chased it with absinthe, so I seriously needed some air.”

He chuckled. “Yeah, that’ll do it.”

“I’m waiting for the hallucinations to kick in any moment now. Will I really see a green fairy?”

He chuckled low, and Abbie wanted nothing more than to melt into that sound.

“I think you’re safe from little green fairies. The absinthe they serve these days is missing the wormwood, so you’re unlikely to hallucinate.”

“What? Then what was the point of all that? The sugar cube and the flame? I thought I was getting something really extraordinary.”

“Well, you got the experience at least, if not the buzz.”

She sighed and slouched. “Bummer. Not quite the London experience I was expecting.”

“Oh, come on, at least you came to a cool party.” He winked.

“Yes. There’s that.” Her arm accidentally grazed his, and she sucked in a breath as she shifted away. “Not what I meant. I meant the first time doing something out of my norm. Stepping out of the box.”

“Ahh.” He nodded. “Seems I have a little adventurer on my hands.”

“Ha. I’m hardly an adventurer.” She shivered.

Lex shrugged out of his jacket and shifted toward her. Unsure of what he meant to do, she stiffened and leaned away from him an inch. His grey eyes met hers and his smile was soft. Careful not to move too quickly, he slid his jacket around her shoulders. The warmth of his heat cocooned her. Relax, Abbie, go with the flow. For once, be brave. She closed her eyes, and without thinking, snuggled into his coat and leaned into him.

The moment her body made contact with his, they both stilled, and she didn’t dare breathe. When it finally came to a choice of inhale, or pass out, Abbie dragged in air quickly.

The moment she tried to slide away, he scooted closer and threw an arm around her. For three long seconds, she forgot how to speak. Her brain, unable to command her body to move away, took stock of her emotions. Anxiety level—DEFCON One. Fear levels—low. Lust levels—skyrocketing.

Minus a deep breath of his own, Alexi seemed completely unaffected by their close proximity. When he spoke again, his voice was mellow, modulated. “So you don’t think you’re an adventurer? How did you end up in London, if not?”

If he could be cool, then so could she. “Would you believe it if I told you I ran away from home? Left my life and my apartment and my b—” She halted just short of saying boyfriend.

She amended. “I left my family just to prove that I could do something extraordinary, be something extraordinary.” And ditched my abusive ex.

He was silent for several beats, but she could tell his eyes were on her profile. Her skin tingled under his scrutiny.

“That’s brave as hell. You are an adventurer.”

“Well, the jury’s still out. Everyone back home thinks I’m going to give up and go back, if they bug me long enough.”

“Well, how long has it been?”

She grinned and forced herself to meet his gaze. “A couple of weeks.”

* * *

Lex held Abbie tighter as she shivered again. What the hell was he doing? This was not part of the plan. And there was something about the way she stiffened whenever anyone touched her. But she was relaxed in his arms now. He should let her go. But he liked her. Really liked her.

All the more reason to let her go, mate.

There was something so exposed and open about her. Something vulnerable but strong, unlike the girls he usually met. The over-processed, coy, game-playing girls who pretended they had no idea who he was or what he was about. But Abbie didn’t seem to know. She seemed real.

He wanted a slice of that reality. Wanted to touch it, if even for a minute. Hell, he was at his birthday party, and only a handful of those people would he call his friends. He would have preferred to be home with a pile of movies.

He smiled at her. “So, after a couple of weeks, what do you think of our little island?”

“Besides having fallen completely, unashamedly in love with the history, and the energy, and the diversity, and the atmosphere?” She shrugged, feigning indifference. “It’s okay. If you like that kind of thing. And school has been awesome so far.”

“School?” The hairs on his neck stood at attention. Relax. There are a hundred schools in London. She could be studying at any one of them. This didn’t mean she was Xander’s student. He could have asked, but he didn’t want to get into it.

“Yeah. I ran away from home to do a Masters in Fine Art Photography. My parents are beside themselves. It’s like I said, ‘Hey, Mom and Dad, I want to go be a drug dealer in London.’”

He laughed nervously. His brain kept trying to rationalize all the ways she couldn’t be Xander’s student. She could go to Camberwell or University of Arts. They were the most competitive with University of West London for fine arts degrees. All he had to do was ask. But he didn’t want that truth glaring at him. This was a complication that he didn’t need. So instead, he said, “I get the non-supportive parent thing.”

She shrugged. “Yeah. It’s no big deal. I don’t need their approval.”

But the way her shoulders slumped said she cared no matter what she spoke.

“So you’re here to become the next Annie Lebowitz?”

She beamed at him. “You know Annie Lebowitz?”

He made a mock wounded face. “I know things. I’m not just a playboy who has fabulous parties, you know.”

“I stand corrected.”

Her tongue peeked out to moisten her lips, and all he could do was stare.

She gave him a nervous smile. “What are you staring at?”

Lex nodded absently. “You. Your mouth, specifically.”

She rolled them inward. “Uhm, why.”

“I’m trying to talk myself out of kissing you.”

Abbie shifted away an inch to look at him more fully. “Why?”

“Because I’m probably not the kind of guy you should get involved with.”

Her eyes rounded, and she mouthed, “Oh.”

He liked her. And not just because she was that broken-looking girl he’d rescued from a Mini Cooper. But because she was brave and adventurous but didn’t know it yet. “But I’ve been doing a pretty crappy job of staying away from you.”

Abbie licked her lips again. He bit back a groan.

“I-uh.” She started again. “Alexi, I—”

Alarm bells rang in his head. This was a bad idea. A very bad idea. Worst idea he’d ever had. Worse than even dancing with her and getting a vivid picture of how her body would slide against his in bed. But he didn’t care. In the morning, he’d figure out a way to leave her alone. But right now, he just wanted to taste her.

Reaching out a hand, he cupped her cheek. “I really am going to hell for this.”

He dipped his mouth to hers. As soon as their tongues met, electricity coursed through his body. Lex pulled back in an effort at self-preservation.

Her lashes fluttered open, and she blinked up at him.

He reminded himself of the million reasons why he shouldn’t do this. With everything else going on in his life, he didn’t need complications. But Abbie briefly placed her fingertips against her mouth, and he forgot about what the prudent thing to do would be. Instead, he dragged her forward and kissed her again. On a shocked breath, she opened for him again. He angled his head to deepen the kiss, and all thoughts of good sense evaporated.

Barely aware of what he was doing, he cupped her face and rubbed a thumb over her cheek. Unable to stop kissing her, he delved his tongue inside, tasting her. Her unique flavor intoxicated him. When he touched his tongue to hers, she stilled and backed away, flattening a hand against his chest.

His heart thudded so fast, he worried he’d have a heart attack. Pain radiated in his chest as he waited for her response. Her fingers clenched in the lapels of his shirt, but she still held herself back from him. Shit. He’d taken it too far. “Abbie, I’m sorry. I got—”

She cut him off by tugging him to her and fusing their lips together. He didn’t need further invitation and dragged her onto his lap so she straddled him, her dress shifting up to expose her thighs.

His brain managed a few strangled messages like: What are you doing? You’re literally making out with this girl in public. What if a photographer catches you? But the rational messages were drowned out by the pounding need coursing through his veins.

Abbie dipped her tongue into his mouth, and his brain stopped functioning. Sliding his tongue over hers, he tried to decipher every flavor. Mostly, she tasted like something sweet like strawberries—maybe her lip-gloss, maybe the strawberry infused sake?

He sucked on her tongue, and she gasped into his mouth. When he did it again, she responded in kind by doing the same to him. The electric current flowing through his body sent a jolt of electricity straight to his dick.

Holding her tighter, his fingers skimmed her waist and slipped under his jacket to play with the skin on her bare back. Abbie gently rose on her knees, then resettled on his lap, bringing her molten heat more solidly against him. She repeated the action over and over again, and anything rational flew out of his head. He clamped both hands on her hips and rocked his in a steady rhythm. The more she rode him, the more he groaned.

Alarms rang in his skull. But he couldn’t stop. She tasted like heaven. If he wasn’t careful, he’d be reaching up under her dress to see just how wet she was. If he did something that stupid, he’d end up screwing her right here on the roof.

She was the one who slowly drew back. “What the hell are we doing?”

Lex’s brain struggled for purchase as Abbie’s question filtered into his consciousness. What was he supposed to say? If he said the wrong thing, she’d scramble back downstairs. “I haven’t a clue,” he muttered between shallow breaths. “But it feels really good.”

He gave her another slow drugging kiss that made him dizzy. Hell, he knew nothing about this girl except in this moment he could go on kissing her forever.

Abbie moved against him fluidly, and through their clothes, his erection sought out her moist heat. All he could think about was getting her closer and closer and burying himself so deep inside her that he wouldn’t remember his own name.

She trembled in his arms as he slid a hand between them, skimmed over her ribcage, pausing only as his thumb grazed the underside of her breast. His erection pulsed painfully against the fly of his jeans.

“Alexi…”

Through the fog of lust, he dragged his lips from hers and finally found his voice. “Y-yeah, Abbie.”

Her moan was low and throaty, but instead of pulling him toward her, she gently pushed him away. “I—Uhm…” She swallowed as he kissed the column of her neck. “We—I can’t do this.”

His body registered the command his brain gave to stop, and he dragged his eyes open to peer at her. Hers were wide and hazy with desire and something else. Not fear, but trepidation maybe? He immediately released her.

Lex forced his hands from her body and ran them through his hair. He cleared his throat and prayed it would help clear his mind too. “I got a little carried away.”

She blinked rapidly and slowly unfurled her hands from the front of his shirt. “Yeah, me too. That was…uh…intense.”

Intense. Sure. That was one word for it. More like they’d both been doused in rocket fuel then lit on fire. “Yeah, I’ll say.” He prayed for some semblance of control. “C’mon. I’ll take you back to the party, and from now on I’ll be a perfect gentleman. I promise.”

She ducked her head. “Maybe if we could slow down for a minute.”

Lex lifted her off his lap and set her back on the ground before righting himself. She leaned on him for support to slip her towering heels back on. From the corner of his eye, he noticed a shadow in the far corner of the roof. He frowned but wasn’t sure what it was until he saw the flash.

Shit.

Right away, he tucked Abbie into his side. “Let’s get out of here. It’s getting a bit cold anyway.” His mind tried to determine if he’d noticed any flashes while they’d been making out like a couple of teenagers. Had that scumbag caught a picture of her? Would he have to tell her who he was before they even got started? The mere thought put a damper on his mood. Or was she the one who called the paparazzi. He dismissed the thought almost as soon as it emerged.

Lex paused as they got to the door and hazarded a glance back toward where he’d seen the flash.

Abbie frowned. “What’s the matter?”

He rubbed the end of his nose. “Nothing. Sorry. I was just thinking. Or rather trying to force the blood to my brain so I could think. It seems you have quite an effect on me.”

She ducked her head again, and he deliberately tipped her chin up to face him. He smoothly stepped directly in front of her so anyone watching would only have a view of his back. “C’mon, what’s up?”

Abbie averted her gaze. “I don’t usually do that.”

“Enjoy a London evening on a rooftop? I highly recommend it.”

“No.” She chuckled. “I barely know you, but I was all over you like butter.”

Lex forced his hands into his pockets instead of on her. “It’s okay, Abbie. I’m not going to bite. That’s not how that was supposed to go at all. I’d been hoping for something a little less…combustible.”

Now that he’d tasted her, he knew he didn’t have a prayer in hell of staying away.





Chapter 11



Abbie swayed into Alexi. It would be so easy to go back to kissing him. Kissing as well as practically dry humping him on the bench. That was…new. What kind of idiot was she? It was one thing to want to be adventurous; it was another to get so caught up. It had to be the alcohol talking, because she did not do that.

She was no virgin, but hooking up wasn’t really her thing. And she wasn’t sure why, but it was really important to her for him to know that. “Combustible. Right. I just feel like I need to breathe for a minute. Catch my breath.” Get my brain working.

His smile was slow, but it reached his eyes. “I can live with that. How about we go dance?”

What? No. Dancing was far worse. Because with dancing she’d be pressed up against him and remember what he tasted like. Maybe if they just talked for a minute more she could get her bearings. “I was thinking we could stay up here a little longer. You know, talk a little more. Maybe you can tell me why you’re really hiding on the night of your birthday party.”

She tried to step around him, and he blocked her path. “Maybe we should grab coffee or something for that kind of chat. It’s a very boring story. Besides, if we stay up here, I won’t be thinking about my life story. I’ll be thinking about how you taste. Anyway, I can’t really disappear too long from the party. It’s only a matter of time until someone comes looking for us.”

She flushed. They could have totally been seen. The thought hadn’t even entered her mind. She’d been so consumed. Actually, no thought had entered her brain. She’d been entirely focused on getting as close to him as humanly possible.

She blinked up at Lex, the chasm between what she wanted to do and what she should do growing ever wider. “You’re right. Lead the way to the dance floor. I wore these shoes for a reason. They should get used.”

“Ladies first, of course.”

As she preceded him down the stairs she wondered why him? Why this guy? The last thing she wanted to do was get caught up in a guy so hot she didn’t dare touch. Not to mention a spoiled rich kid. He might not be making it rain, but the air of wealth clung to him.

But Lex had a way about him. She could see herself so wrapped up in him that nothing else mattered. One kiss, and she already knew he would consume her life if she let him.

* * *

Lex followed Abbie into the din of the party. Jasper had switched from the dance tracks to Robin Thicke. The mellow and seductive sounds of Lost Without You filled the room, and couples gravitated toward each other, holding on tight, some nearly making love on the dance floor.

Lex knew it wasn’t a good idea. But he wanted to hold her again, just to feel her skin against his before he had to let her go and put the mask on again.

Her hips swayed with each graceful stride, and he had to work hard to keep his brain from wandering too far down a path he couldn’t go. Before she melded into the throngs of party guests, he snatched her hand.

Whirling to meet his gaze, she paused just on the edge of the crowd, hanging on the precipice between fantasy and reality. He pulled her in close before leaning in to whisper, “Can I have one dance before I let you go?”

She blinked up at him before a slow smile spread on her lips. “Which one of us is going to be in debt after this dance?”

He smirked. “I have a feeling it’ll be me, but it’s a debt I willingly take on.”

Lex’s brain wrestled with his libido for control of the situation. He didn’t kiss her again, but instead, held her to him so her head tucked neatly under his chin and the scent of her shampoo tickled his nose, making him think of somewhere tropical and secluded.

He brushed his fingertips over the soft skin at her lower back. The satin feel of her flesh teased and sent electrical pulses through his blood.

He glanced quickly around before drawing her further into the dimness where no one would see them. And in the darkened peripheries of his own party, he started to enjoy himself.

He tapped her lower spine in time with the music, wishing the moment could last. When his hands slid further up her back, she inhaled suddenly, and he drew his head back to look down at her. “Are you okay?”

The tip of Abbie’s tongue peeked out again, taunting him. “Yeah, uh, you sent a shiver down my spine.”

“Good shiver or bad shiver?”

Her lashes lowered. “Good.”

Thanks to the blood roaring in his head, he couldn’t think, couldn’t remember all the reasons he should let her go, the reasons he couldn’t hold her like this, the reasons to walk away. He repeated the shiver-inducing caress, and she whimpered.

“I wish you wouldn’t do that, Abbie.”

Her voice was soft. Barely discernable with the music. “Why not?”

“Because it makes me want to misbehave, and we’ve already misbehaved enough for one party.”

Her brows furrowed before she met his gaze again. “You’re trouble, you know that?”

“You wouldn’t be the first person to tell me that.” But she would be the first who mattered. What the hell was wrong with him? He barely knew her, but he was already risking too much just to spend a little more time in her presence. He needed to get a serious grip.

With the song fading in the distance, his brain exerted a final defensive maneuver and won the battle over his libido. Gently, he set her away from him. “Thank you for the dance, Abbie. I’m sorry about the kiss. It won’t happen again.”

Then he turned around and deliberately walked away.





Chapter 12



Abbie stumbled several steps before she found her footing. The instant she’d left the warm cocoon of Lex’s arms, she felt empty, and that scared her. And he wasn’t hers to hold onto.

Unable to find her friends with a quick scan, she sidled up to the bar, looking for a good viewing spot. She signaled the bartender and asked for water.

“Hello, Little Bird.”

Abbie jumped as the voice whispered over her consciousness. She whirled around. Sure enough, Xander leaned against the wall. Clutching her hand to her chest, she asked, “What are you doing here?”

His smile was wry as the corners of his eyes crinkled. “I could ask you the same thing. Are you here to pilfer my photography gig?”

It was only then that she noticed the camera around his neck. “Oh, you’re working.” Who was Lex that he could afford a photographer of Xander’s caliber just for his birthday? “Not poaching, I swear. I’m here for the party.”

He chuckled softly. “You can relax. I’m only having a bit of fun with you.” He nodded toward Lex. “I saw you dancing with the birthday boy.”

She silently thanked God for the low light in the bar, because it meant that her sudden flush was hidden. “I, uh, yeah.”

“You know him well?” His question was almost too soft to be heard over the din of the rap song Jasper played.

She shook her head. “No. Not really. We just met recently.”

“Pretty hot dance for two people who just met.”

Abbie frowned. The dragon that was her temper woke from a long slumber and stretched its talons. Though cooler heads prevailed, and she remembered Xander was her teacher. She cleared her throat and searched the crowd for Max or Sophie. “No, not really.”

“Not from what I could see at this vantage point. As you know, the camera never lies.”

Had he photographed them dancing? What had her face looked like with Lex’s hips pressed into hers? If it reflected the way she’d been feeling at the time, euphoric desire and a little giddiness, then she was in trouble. “You’ll need an artist release to use that.” She couldn’t put her finger on why, but Xander’s being here irked her. His butting in irked her even more. Something else about him bothered her too. Maybe it was his air of overconfidence, but something about him pushed her buttons, and she had to resist the urge to toss her drink at him. That would have been a waste of perfectly good water.

“That I would, if I intended to use it for anything.”

Through gritted teeth, she asked, “So how do you know Alexi?”

Xander grinned. “Alexi is it?” He smirked. “I used to throw away his dirty nappies.”

Confused, she blinked.

His sudden laugh transformed his face, making him even better looking, but also making him approachable and less cocky. “He’s my brother.”

Brother? Well that explained the common last name. And Lex had said his brother was a photographer. But she had a feeling like he’d deliberately not told her about Xander. Granted, probably many a girl got close to Lex hoping to brush against fame or something.

Now that she looked closely, she wondered how the hell she could have missed it. Alexi cocked his head the same way Xander did. Had the same almost-smiling uptick of his lips. And their bone structure was similar as well. Except Xander’s eyes leaned toward dark slate, and Alexi’s were a soft silver. “Oh. Small world, I guess.”

“Indeed.” He continued to study her. But again, his scrutiny wasn’t sexual…exactly. At least she didn’t think it was.

She stood there, awkwardly shifting from foot to foot to distribute her weight in the killer heels. She wanted to appear nonchalant, but he unsettled her. “What? Why are you staring at me?”

His grin flashed. Wow. It should be illegal for him to do that in public. The simple act of the smile made him look angelic and sweet. He was possessed of the devil’s charm.

“Relax. I already told you, I don’t sleep with students.” He shrugged. “Your face is interesting. I’m trying to figure out the best light to shoot you in.”

He thought her face was fascinating? Right. Didn’t mean she was going to let him shoot her though. “I don’t think so.”

He nodded absently. “Well, if you change your mind, I suppose you know where to find me.”

“I suppose I do.” She began to wonder exactly how many of his students he’d ‘photographed.’

His next question surprised her.

“What do you want with my brother?”

She wasn’t sure she’d heard him right. “Excuse me?”

“My brother—what do you want with him?”

Bewildered, she sputtered. “I-I don’t want anything from him. I barely know the guy. It was just a dance.”

Xander’s eyes were stormy as he leaned into her space. He smelled like Lex. They apparently had the same taste in the unique cologne. The scent swirled around her, and she had to shake her head to clear it.

“Bullshit. I can see it on his face. You intrigue him. Let me do you a favor. Steer clear of him.”

Heat prickled her arm. “I’m sorry, but as far as I’m concerned, I only need to take your advice in the classroom. Outside of it, I can take care of myself.”

He cocked a brow. “Who said I was worried about you?”

With open-mouthed shock, Abbie could only stare as Xander sauntered off to join the throngs on the dance floor. He was immediately joined by a blonde and a brunette, each vying for his attention.

Who did he think he was? She had a father, and she didn’t need to take advice from her professor, who looked more like a player than any teacher she’d ever seen. And if he wanted to steer her away from Lex, he’d just done the one thing likely to make her run toward his brother.

* * *

Lex forced his legs to move in the opposite direction of where Abbie stood. He needed to get as far away from her as possible. And he needed to start using his brain, right fucking now. If that fucking paparazzo had gotten a picture of his face, he was royally screwed. Not to mention the shitter he’d just put Gemma in.

He scanned the crowd for her and eventually spotted her chestnut mane by the chocolate fountain. She was deep in conversation with another woman. Even as he battled the crowd to get to his supposed fiancée, he felt Abbie’s eyes on him. It wouldn’t help him keep his head if she kept staring at him like that. “Hey, Gem, can I talk to you for a minute?”

She smiled up at him as he pulled her aside. “Yeah, Sure. Where did you vanish off to? For a minute, I thought you’d left the party, but I noticed Nick was still here.”

Unable to meet her gaze, he muttered, “Look, Gem, we have a problem.”

She arched a delicate dark brow. “Out with it, Lex.”

“I was on the roof. There was a paparazzo up there.”

“Are you serious?” She rolled her eyes. “They are such a pain in the ass. I’ll go talk to the owner right away. You shouldn’t have to deal with that shit on your birthday. Can’t they just fucking leave you alone, for once? It’s not like you were up there doing lines of coke or anything.” She frowned. “Were you?”

He blinked once, then again. “No. Fuck. No. Nothing like that, but, uh, there was a girl.”

Gemma blinked at him and nodded. “Sophie’s friend?”

She’d seen them dancing at Jaspers party last weekend and had pestered him for days until he’d told her about Abbie. “Yeah. She was up there with me, talking.” He shifted from foot to foot and jammed his hands in his pockets. “There might have been snogging.”

Gemma’s eyes widened, then she grinned, then as if dawning slowly crept in, her smile fell and she muttered. “Did he get a picture?”

Lex pinched the bridge of his nose. “I don’t fucking know. Soon as I saw the camera, I got Abbie out of there as quickly as possible.”

“Damn it.”

Lex exhaled as ice settled in his gut. “Yeah. I don’t know when, but it’s going to blow up in our faces. She doesn’t look anything like you, Gems. It’s going to get all kinds of ugly.” Of all the stupid moves. All because he’d wanted something real just for a minute, he’d put Gemma and her life up for exposure.

“Any chance she called them herself?”

He shook his head. “Unlikely. I don’t think she has a clue who I am. I only just met her.”

Gemma frowned, her ruby red lips pursing. “I don’t know. Max or Sophie could have said something. She wouldn’t be the first girl to use you to get herself some publicity.”

Involuntarily, he glanced in Abbie’s direction. She was leaning over the DJ booth saying something to Jasper. And the poor bloke looked enthralled. It made Lex want to hit something. “She’s American. She has nothing to do with them. I’m sure of it.” He hoped.

Gemma studied him. “If you’re sure. But we should probably make it a point to leave together.”

The weight that had been temporarily lifted while he was up on the roof, shifted and slithered back onto his shoulders again. He’d never minded Gemma’s cover before. But now it felt like a tightening noose around his neck.





Chapter 13



Abbie woke to the smell of fried eggs. Her nostrils flared just as her stomach rolled. From somewhere in the distance, she heard a voice talking to her and it was getting closer. “You’re a dark horse. You’d better get up and tell me all about it.”

Abbie rolled over and covered her head with a pillow. The only thing about this morning that she was at all thankful for was the grey and dreary weather outside. Perfect light to shoot in, if she could lift her head out of bed. “Tams, please I’m begging you to go away.”

“I can’t, love. What’s that old black and white sitcom? ‘You’ve got some ’splainin to do.’”

“Tamsin, my head feels like I’ve swallowed an entire herd of elephants whole and they’re running around playing polo in my skull.” Abbie rubbed her tongue against the roof of her mouth. “Tastes like it too.”

Tamsin just laughed. “That, my dear, is your first London hangover. It’s to be celebrated. C’mon. Get up. I made breakfast. You’ll feel better once you eat and have a Guinness.”

Abbie peeked out from under the pillow and duvet. “Guinness? You really think it’s a good idea for me to drink again?”

“Well, I’m not asking you to get wasted again. You’re a lightweight. I mean, you only had what, the two shots of sake?”

“Don’t forget the stupid absinthe. I switched to water after that.”

Tamsin’s brow furrowed. “Yeah. Lightweight.”

“God, what are you? Part Irish?” Abbie grumbled.

“Now that you mention it, my mum is half Irish. Now get up. I know you want to sleep all day. But you told me yesterday you have work to do. Besides, I’m dying to hear about you and that smoking guy you were talking to at the bar. Sophie already filled me in. I can’t believe I missed such a great party.”

Eventually, Abbie sat up and took the mug from Tamsin. She took a tentative sip. The bitter, fizzy liquid burned her tongue and throat, but the moment it hit her stomach, the rumbling and nausea quieted. She stared into the mug, surprised.

Tamsin just smirked. “Told you so. See, not all that bad.”

“I can’t believe that actually worked.”

After dragging herself out of bed and a quick round in the bathroom with her toothbrush and her mouthwash, she felt marginally better. Not to mention, she was starving. When she padded into the kitchen, the duvet clutched around her and her bunny slippers shuffling, she parked herself on one of the stools at the island. Tamsin placed a heaping plate of fried eggs, and baked beans with toast in front of her. “Damn, Tams, you didn’t have to make so much food. And you didn’t have to cook for me.”

“Well, I wanted to celebrate your first hangover morning. And I remembered your mushroom allergy. And don’t get used to this. It’s about the only thing I can cook.”

“Thank you for remembering. And don’t worry. I can handle cooking.”

Tamsin grinned. “I remember from school. If it hadn’t been for you, I might have starved in Uni.”

Abbie tucked in to the feast and nearly moaned with pleasure as she chewed her sausage. “Tams, this is exactly what I needed.”

“Glad to hear it. Now spill. I want all the details.”

Abbie had already made up her mind to keep things with Lex on the down low. At least for now. It was probably nothing anyway. Just a one night kismet kind of thing. And to be frank, she was so not ready for it to be anything anyway. “Not much to tell. I’d had too much to drink.” She pointed at her head with her fork. “Hung out on the rooftop for a bit. The guy at the bar was actually Xander Chase. He was there to photograph the party.”

Tamsin scowled. “Xander Chase was there in person? And I missed it to stay home and plan for the new Calice product? Coffee-flavored Vodka, yuck. Please tell me there was snogging.”

Oh God. “What? Between me and Xander? No!” Abbie laughed.

“Bit of a shame though. From the pictures I’ve seen of him, he’s well fit.”

“There is that word again. I get the feeling I’m taking it in the wrong context.”

Tamsin frowned. “What? Fit?”

“Yes. What the hell does it mean? Jasper told me I looked fit yesterday. I of course responded with thanks, I’ve been working out. And he just laughed at me like I was crazy.”

Tamsin laughed, causing her dimples to appear. “It means you’re hot.”

“Oh. Okay. Well. Then of course Jasper thought I was nuts. He’s a hell of a DJ, by the way.”

Tamsin giggled. “And apparently that crush of his is the real deal. Sophie says he talks about you all the time.”

Abbie wrinkled her nose. “Oh, I think he’s like that with all the girls. It has nothing to do with me, I promise you.”

“Jasper is shameless and a bit of a tramp. But he’s lovely outside of all his ridiculous flirting.”

“I’ll take your word for it.” Then as subtly as she could, Abbie added, “So what do you know about Lex and Nick? They seem nice enough. And as you put it, they’re both well fit.” Yeah, real smooth.

“Dunno. I met Lex when you did. All I know is they’re part of the R&B set.”

Abbie was going to have to play catch up on the British slang, otherwise she’d never be able to understand her friends. “R&B?”

“Well depending on who you talk to, it’s either the rich and beautiful set or the rich and bratty set.”

Abbie raised her eyebrows. She’d gotten the feel of wealth around him, but she didn’t know it was a thing. “Come to mention it, last night was kind of a big baller night. It was like something out of Nicole Ritchie’s diary or something.”

“Welcome to rolling with Sophie.” Tamsin laughed. “I don’t go out too much with her friends, but every time we do, a celebrity sighting is nearly guaranteed. There are no lines, the men are beautiful, and the access is insane. I like to keep things a little more grounded though.”

So Tamsin wouldn’t be able to help her with the scoop. Not like Abbie needed the inside track to know Alexi wasn’t interested in her really.

She shook her head and focused on her friend. “Enough about last night. How is Mr. Irishman doing?”

Tamsin’s smile widened. “I get to see Liam in a couple of weeks. So far, so good. We’re just starting this long distance thing. In fact, this visit will be our test run to see if it works. Right now, we’re in the hazy long-distance lust fog. You know when you have Skype sex all the time and you’re in love.”

Abbie laughed. “No, I don’t know about that, but I imagine I’ll live every breathtaking moment with you…except for the Skype sex of course, because that would make for really awkward flatmate dinners later.”

“So what’s on the agenda today?” Tams asked as she started to clear her dishes.

“I want to get started on my photo assignment and explore the city a little. Want to come with and be my London guide?”

Tamsin looked out the window and studied the gloomy sky. “Sorry, love, I actually have to go into work today. I have a meeting with a client later this afternoon, which means I get to order coffee then stand around with my thumb up my arse as my boss takes credit for my work.”

“Ooh, sorry. I’ll try to have some fun for you too.” She had an assignment to ace.





Chapter 14



Abbie fiddled with her camera as she rode the tube. The energy on the train vibrated and shifted around her. The dark gray clouds of morning had shifted and given way to lighter gray ones, but there was no hint of sunshine to be seen. It was official—her good weather run had come to an end.

The Brixton Market was exactly what she was looking for. Located in South London, it was home to immigrants of all over the world but primarily Jamaicans and Haitians. As she passed fruit and vegetable stands, she took occasional shots for her portfolio, focusing on the rich colors and the lively, animated faces of the people she passed. Navigating through the market, she finally paused when she heard the sounds of Jamaican dancehall.

Following the thumping drum and bass tunes, she tugged the earphones out of her ears and smiled at the familiar Sean Paul song. Immediately, her mind went to the party last night. Abbie flushed at the memory of Lex’s hands on her ass, urging her body to fit against him as he stroked her tongue with his.

She had never been so reckless or stupid in her life. Ever. She didn’t make out with random strangers. No matter how beautiful they were. All the dating magazines and articles she’d poured over with her friends since she was old enough to be interested in boys said to play it cool. Act unavailable.

Of course, then, there were the Cosmo articles that taught women to take charge and go after what they wanted and how to seduce a man. She chuffed as she wove through the crowd. She was not the seduction type. She was the one who thought everything through. She was the cautious one.

Until Lex.

Abbie couldn’t help a little snort. It sounded like such a cheesy line. Except he hadn’t delivered it like one. Though, she had a good idea of the kind of adventure he wanted to lead her on. The way his lips had slid over hers expertly, coaxing her into compliance. That was a man who had experience with a lot of women. Certainly more than his fair share. Like he made kissing a personal pastime.

Tamsin said he was part of the R&B crowd, and there was probably no shortage of women ready and willing to be with him. Heat flooded her cheeks, and the irrational flare of jealousy irritated her. Not to mention he was rich and probably had the feeling of entitlement to go with it. If something happened with them and it went bad, it would probably get ugly for her.

She finally found the source of the music and grinned. A group of young kids had taken over a corner of the market with an impromptu dance battle.

Grinning, she snapped several photographs. One by one, the kids came over after krumping their way to their friends and checked out the images she captured. With every click, she’d stopped time on a particular emotion or feeling. Their live energy. How they moved. Their feeling. How alive they were. She’d born witness to it all.

As the kids grinned and attempted to tug her into the dance battle circle, she laughed and shook her head. There was no way she was going to krump. But her new friends and fans didn’t want to take no for an answer. They dragged her in and immediately surrounded her. Abbie closed her eyes the let the sounds of Sean Paul and the voices fuel her movement as she enjoyed her moment in the middle of the dance circle.

With the music blaring, her body moving, the smell of fried plantains in the distance, and the sounds of laughter coming from her new friends, she knew she’d made the right decision. No matter how scary, no matter how stupid it seemed. No matter what everyone said, she’d made the right choice in leaving. Her family didn’t know or understand her. Evan certainly didn’t understand her. All she had to do was let go and open herself to every new experience here.

The act of letting go was the hardest thing she’d have to do. Her family was her family. She couldn’t change who they were, and the sooner she accepted that, the happier she would be. But she could let go of Evan. There was no returning from where they were. She didn’t ever want to go back.

With the distance, she could clearly see how their relationship looked. On the outside, they were perfect. But on the inside she’d completely vanished. She could be strong and take charge and have fun.

The music eventually transitioned to something else, and the kids howled and clapped for her. She waved goodbye to her new friends and took the slips of paper they handed her with their phone numbers so she could text them some pictures. Abbie headed back out of the market, feeling lighter than she had been in days.

She headed for a part of town called Music Row. She’d heard that in the seventies it had been home to several music studios for young rhythm and blues singers trying to make it. Sort of Brixton’s answer to Motown Records. Her feet splashed in leftover puddles from the overnight rain.

Between two buildings in a not-quite-alleyway, she caught sight of a section of puddles that looked like they formed a perfect circle. In the center of them lay a piece of chain and pipe. Getting down on her haunches she snapped away, lost in her camera and images for several minutes. The light from one of the buildings glinted in the broken glass window of another, and she lost several more minutes going for shots that were integral to her assignment.

Looking at her map, she rounded a corner, searching for the most famous studio of all. Brixton Gold. If she could get one good shot of it against the graying clouds, with maybe some people standing in front, she would have a good start for the assignment and could head back before the clouds opened up as they threatened to do.

“You know, I’m starting to think you’re following me.”

Abbie whirled around, heart pounding. Leaning against one of the doors next to a youth center and record store stood Lex. With his dark jeans, tan sweater, and light gray pea coat, he looked distinctly out of place. If she’d shot a photo of him that moment, she would certainly have a juxtaposition shot. Or maybe she could use it to show how Brixton was becoming the new Harlem. With white urbanites moving in by the droves, taking advantage of the cheap rent and revitalization.

Or, she could just say hi. “Are you sure you’re not the one following me?”

He shrugged. “I was here first. I thought that was you as you crossed the street. What are you doing in this neck of the woods?”

Abbie held up her camera. “A girl’s gotta eat.”

“I would hate to see you starve.”

Unable to help the sudden jubilant feeling, she giggled. “Well, it could still happen if I don’t get the shots I need for this assignment.”

“School. Right. You did mention that last night. I was a bit preoccupied to ask you more about it.”

Abbie flushed and immediately looked down at her camera. You will not think about the way his lips feel. You will not think about the way his hands feel. You will not think about how long it’s been since you had a proper, honest to God, sheet clawing orgasm. “You probably know more about my school than I do, since your brother’s my professor. We had a nice chat at your party.”

Lex’s smile faltered, and his lips thinned for a moment before he muttered, “London is entirely too small a world. He didn’t mention you two had spoken.”

She shrugged. Maybe because he had been an ass. “Nothing to mention, really. Sort of inconsequential.” Was she supposed to tell him that his brother told her to stay away from him? “Are you two close?”

Lex’s gaze slid away from hers. “Sometimes a little too close for comfort.” When his gray eyes met hers again, they were stormy.

Abbie’s heartbeat slowed, each beat echoing between her ears. In the blink of an eye, she made her decision. “He said I should stay away from you.”

His eyes went from a dark gray to cold, flinty silver. “What did you say in return?”

She shrugged. “That I barely knew you.”

His loose shoulders and hands in his pockets would have had most people believing he was completely at ease, but Abbie studied enough faces to know better. He was livid. Surreptitiously, she inched backward looking to put some physical distance between them.

Alexi’s voice was low and rough. “He say anything else?”

Oh no, she’d already stepped in it, there was no way she was going to roll around in it too. “No.” She took another step back.

He studied her closely, his eyes roving over every inch of her face. Then as if sensing her unease, he stepped back. When he spoke again, his voice had lost its edge and was softer, coaxing, and seductive. “Do you plan on staying away from me?”

A small shiver stole through her as she debated the urge to flee. Do not run. Not every man is Evan. Besides, they were on a crowded street. “A little difficult, since you’re stalking me.”

His grin was quick to surface, and she wondered how she hadn’t seen the resemblance to Xander right away. “I’m stalking you. You wondered in to my hood.”

Abbie laughed as she took in the urban landscape of graffiti-sprayed walls, chip shops, and Ladbrokes gambling spots. “Right. Your hood.”

Lex cocked his head as he continued to smile at her. “You’re not buying it?”

Abbie shook her head. “Nope. You’re too fancy-pants posh. It’s not even like you’ve got this rocker vibe to you so you can pull it off. You sort of stick out here.”

He’d joined her in laughter. “Okay, so the sweater and pea coat are ruining the image. But, I assure you, I belong down here.” He inclined his head toward the youth center. “I was kicking it with a few friends today.”

“You were volunteering?” She’d assumed he spent his days sleeping till three, only to wake up and figure out where he was going that night. She’d never pictured him as the volunteering type. Not exactly a party boy. Her mind conjured an image of him going through rural Africa digging wells. That image juxtaposed with one of him in a beautiful tuxedo wooing donors for his latest cause. The image of dashing philanthropist worked better.

His grin faded a bit. “Don’t let the swank parties fool you. I volunteer. I even have a job.”

Shit. Had she insulted him? Immediately, images of him in a tux talking about the latest cause in the heart of Africa vanished and were replaced with images of some swank start-up, doing some cool music software or something. “Was that party swank?” She shrugged. “I couldn’t tell by the chocolate fountain and chandeliers.”

He tsked. “Uh oh. Looks like someone’s made a few assumptions about me.” He added a teasing smile and wag of the finger to soften the words.

“Sorry. I guess I did. I can’t really see you posting up here at the local Jamaican restaurant for rice and peas.”

He sniffed. “I love Jamaican food. Rice and peas happen to be a favorite of mine.”

“I stand corrected.”

“So, you up for some company on your little jaunt?” He inclined his head.

He was so heartbreakingly handsome that she could only stare for a minute. Was he actually asking if he could tag along? With her?

Her brain made a valiant effort at forming words. “Uhm, yeah. Ok.” That had to count for a full sentence, right?

His voice was smooth as he asked, “So, did you have fun last night?”

“Yeah, I did. I was paying for it a little this morning. But Tamsin gave me her hangover cure, and I started to feel a lot better. Next time, I won’t mix ’n’ match my liquor like that.”

He nodded sagely. “What did she use for the hangover cure? Whiskey?”

“No. Guinness and massive English fry up.”

“Just as effective, I suppose.”

He halted her movement by placing a hand on her elbow and she jumped. Would she ever find a way to get used to casual touches? Especially from him?

His brows drew down as he studied her. “Listen, about last night.”

Heat flooded Abbie’s face as she peered up at him sheepishly. “Uhm, yeah. Look it’s no big deal. We got a little carried away.”

Lex frowned and pressed his lips together. “I’m sorry I didn’t get to talk to you again. It was a little crazy once we got back down.”

How was she supposed to play this? Why wasn’t there a book for these kinds of awkward conversations? Boy says, “About last night…” You say…

And then have it filled in with the appropriate nonchalant, yet witty response.

She sighed. “Well, it was your birthday party. Lots of well-wishers.” She sniffed. “It’s no big deal.”

His scowl deepened and he shifted from foot to foot. “I had the impression that…”

She tipped her chin up. “I’m not sure exactly what I’m supposed to say.”

“I just wanted you to know—”

“Alexi, look. I’m not good at this. It’s not like me at all to make out with a guy that I’ve only met a few times. It really is against type. But you said it yourself. We’re never going to kiss again.” Shit, what the hell was wrong with her? Why did she keep opening her mouth and letting words spill free. Shut up. Shut up now!

“Abbie, I—” He shut his mouth and started again. “You’re different. I—last night was intense.” He sighed then scrubbed both hands over his face. “In all honesty, you freak me out a little. I spent most of this morning trying to figure out how to get your number. Then changing my mind as I reminded myself I needed to stay away from you.”

“What did you decide?”

He laughed ruefully. “Well seeing as kismet has other plans, I’m thinking we should be friends.”

Friends? “Friends. I can do that.” Except after that kiss, she didn’t exactly want to be friends.

“And maybe we’ll give kismet a break, and I’ll actually figure out a way to get your number.” He smiled that lopsided grin of his, and Abbie tried to remember what he’d said about being friends.

“Uhm, you’re friends with Sophie, right? I promise you she has my number.”

He smiled sheepishly. “Yes, well. I also wanted to be a little discreet. I wasn’t sure how much you’d told her.”

Well, he had a point there. She didn’t exactly want to broadcast their kiss from the speakers. “Well, then how fortuitous that you ran into me today. In a city of millions of people.”

His grin was quick. “So are you going to let me tag along?”

* * *

Abbie bit her bottom lip then blinked up at Alexi. “Why?”

He silently prayed she’d ask him something uncomplicated. “Why what?”

“Why do you want to join me? This will probably be boring for you.”

“Not at all. I’m fascinated by what you see with your camera. Trailing after Xander has taught me to appreciate a photographer’s viewpoint. It’s interesting.” Lex shoved his hands into his pockets and rocked back on his heels. “And, believe it or not, I like you.”

“Well I am pretty fun, what with my adventurous streak and all.”

He laughed and the sound warmed her from the inside.

“I should probably stay very far away from you, as just being near you makes me think about how you taste, but,” He licked his bottom lip. “I like you.”

Yeah, wow. Being friends with him was going to be complicated. Especially if he kept saying things like that to her. A light flush stained her cheeks. “I’m honestly almost done. I just want some shots of Brixton Gold then I’m going to head out.”

He grinned. “How would you like an insider’s tour?”

“I wasn’t aware they gave tours.”

“Well, not for the public, but I have an inside source that can get you in, if you’re interested.”

Her dark eyes rounded. “If you can get me in, I’d love to see it and take a couple of shots.”

Thirty minutes later, she was beaming as they left the studio. “Holy cow, I can’t believe I got to sit in there and listen to some of the old tracks and sit in with actual music producers. I mean, how cool is that?”

He couldn’t help but grin. She looked so happy. The tiny voice in the back of his mind reminded him of Gemma and their arrangement. He owed it to Gemma to not get caught up in this girl. If he did, everything they’d worked together on would be shattered.

When they got to the tube station, Abbie turned to him and grinned. “Thank you so much. I could never have had that kind of access if it weren’t for you. I mean this assignment is pretty crucial, and I think I’ve blown it out of the water, thanks to you.” She ducked her head and fiddled with her camera in a gesture he’d now started to recognize as nerves. Over what? Over him? Could she sense what he was thinking about?

“You’re welcome. It was well worth owing Charlie to see that smile on your face.”

She shook her head. “Why are you bending over backward to help me?”

“Because in a different life, you would be someone I would want to get to know better.”

She nodded as if understanding. “Same here.”

He rocked back on his heels. “So what now?”

She shrugged. “Friends, I guess. Like you said. We’ll forget last night happened.”

As if he could. “Right. Forgotten. So as your friend, I’m going to need your number. I’m also going to send you details of a photography opportunity if you want it. It should be a nice party at a friend’s country estate. You should be able to get some good photos.” He shrugged. He was hoping to project confidence, but his heart thundered.

“Thank you. But you don’t have to do that.”

“I want to. Besides, it makes it easier to stalk you if I tell you where to go.”

She snagged his phone out of his palm and put her number in. When she handed his phone back to him, their fingers brushed. Slowly he tugged her into a hug. A friendly parting hug. Except, after she initially stilled, she sort of melted into him, giving herself over to his care for the next several seconds. And as he locked his arms around her, he knew there was no way he could stay just friends with Abbie. She drew back, and he held his breath as she blinked up at him.

Don’t do it, mate. Your life is way too complicated.

But he never was very good at following the rules. Instead of letting her go, he muttered, “Sod it.” He drew her back into his arms and slid his lips over hers. She gasped softly before she moaned into his mouth. When his tongue slid in to tease hers, she wound her hands into his hair, giving herself over to the kiss.

Fire flooded his veins, overheating his synapses. There was something he was supposed to be doing. Something he had to remember, but all he could focus on was Abbie, her lips, her smell, her taste.

He deepened the kiss, demanding a response rather than coaxing one. Lex’s head spun as jolts and sparks of electricity lit his skin on fire from the inside out. His fingers tucked under her T-shirt and played with the skin at her lower back, just as he had while they danced last night.

Abbie swayed into him, pressing her body against his from breast to hip. He groaned again as his body went rigid as stone. He released her abruptly. “Shit. I’m sorry.”

Hazy, unfocused eyes fluttered open and blinked up at him. “Wh-what’s the matter?” She blinked rapidly as the lights flickered back on.

“You mean besides being so turned on I was giving serious consideration to pinning you up against the wall of the corner shop and finding out how sweet you tasted everywhere? Nothing.” He raked both hands through his hair.

Abbie dragged in several deep breaths, and he fixated on her lips. What the hell was his problem? He’d kissed lots of women. But kissing Abbie was like kissing a live wire. He wanted more of it. To grab hold and never let go. But he waited a beat too long.

She took a step back as she adjusted the strap of her camera again, bringing it back in front of her like a shield. “I guess I’d better go.”

Lex had no choice but to watch as she descended the stairs of the tube. Well, he’d screwed that one up. He should have just left her alone. He should have given her the tour, then put her in a taxi. He should have left things as just friends with them. Should should should.

Instead, he’d kissed her—again. And not in that sweet way that said ‘I think I could care about you.’ But in that desperate way that said, ‘I won’t be able to think about anything else until I’m with you.’ Trouble had just landed on his doorstep.





Chapter 15



After another sleepless night filled with dreams of Alexi, Abbie strolled into the living room to find Tamsin surrounded by stacks of books. “What’s all this?”

Tamsin looked up absently from the piles before turning her attention back to a hardback with a bare male ass on the cover. “New client. An author. I have to plan their PR package. Boss man has me getting familiar with her work before I start working on it.”

“Let me guess, your boss is going to take credit for all this work too?”

“Probably.” Tamsin sighed. “So, Mr. Lover Lover has been calling the house line, looking for you nonstop. What do you want me to tell him?”

To fuck off maybe?

Abbie groaned as she slung her camera bag over her shoulder. Sooner or later, Tamsin would ask why she wouldn’t at least talk to Evan. And then what the hell would she say? “Shit, I’m sorry, Tams. I hate to put you in this position, but I’m just not ready to talk to him yet. Mom must have given him your number. I know I have to deal with him eventually. But my brain just gets clouded.”

Tamsin nodded. “I completely understand. I was mostly just telling you to find out if we can turn the ringer off permanently, or if there is someone you anticipate calling the house phone.”

Abbie blinked. “You’d do that for me?”

“What are friends for? Besides, no one ever uses the land line. Most everyone calls my mobile, unless it’s the council tax people or something. We don’t need it.”

“I appreciate it. I’ll deal with him eventually, just not quite yet.”

Tamsin eyed Abbie’s bag. “You headed to campus?”

“Yeah. I’m just going to grab the bus. I want to use their fancy computers for my photo manipulation and printing on large canvases. I think they’ll give the images I took on Saturday more pop, if I go large scale.”

“Well, from what I saw, they were fantastic. I mean, how did you ever get into Brixton Gold? That place is legendary. You must have some serious blagging skills like Sophie to simply talk yourself in there.”

“Erm,” Abbie hedged, “I probably just got lucky. I need to drop off some job applications too.” It felt like she’d applied for every possible job. Her bad luck for arriving late. Fucking Evan.

Her phone buzzed in her pocket, and she snuck a look at the incoming text message. A UK number she didn’t recognize. It could only be Lex. The muscles in her belly fluttered. Calm yourself. He probably is only calling to remind you that he is emotionally unavailable.

Meet me a block north from your flat.

How the hell did he know where she lived? Muttering a quick goodbye to Tamsin, she took the stairs two at a time, nearly falling out of the front door. More sedately, she headed down Grove Park Gardens, barely even noticing the lush greenery and stately mansions. She didn’t want him thinking she’d run to meet him.

Her good judgment meter was clearly on the fritz. Everything about this guy said emotionally unavailable, and she’d just come off a relationship with someone who didn’t know the meaning of love. She needed another guy like she needed another hole in her head. Rather, she needed another handsome, wealthy guy like she needed a lobotomy. But still, her breathing grew shallow at the thought of seeing him again.

But logic wasn’t on her side. She knew how she felt when she was near Lex. Safe, but also edgy and tingly. She rounded the corner toward the row houses that hugged the Thames and slowed when she noticed a shiny black BMW sports car idling on the side of the road. When she got within ten feet, Lex climbed out, grin flashing.

“I was starting to worry that you wouldn’t come out to meet me.”

“Well, I didn’t really have a choice. This is my way to school.”

“Oh, is it now? Fancy that.”

She raised an eyebrow. “How did you know where I live?”

“Easy. I asked Jasper where Tamsin lived. Told him a friend of mine was asking about her.”

Abbie wrinkled her nose. Now, thanks to the grapevine of their group of friends, Tamsin would think some guy was crushing on her. “What happens when Tams finds out there is no guy?”

“Who said there’s no guy? My friend Nick was quite taken with her, as he is with many women. He just didn’t ask where she lived, so I did it for him. If it happened to get me access to you too, then anything in service of a friend.” His smile was infectious, crooked and so sexy. “Why don’t you hop in? I’ll give you a ride.”

She eyed the sleek, black sports car. Abbie didn’t know a ton about cars, but she knew a BMW was all kinds of expensive. Lex leaned against the car, confidence oozing off of him. He fit. The car, the setting, he belonged to a world she didn’t understand. Everything about him oozed privilege. She shouldn’t want him, but her body hummed with anticipation when she thought about his kisses. Abbie cleared her throat. “I don’t want you to go out of your way. School is in Ealing. I’ll catch the bus.”

He scrunched his face. “Come on, Abbie. Why ride with a bunch of tosser rude boys heading back to their counsel flats when you can ride in style? I promise I won’t bite. Besides, we’re friends, right? Get in.”

Abbie wavered for another second, but eventually folded herself into the sleek leather of the passenger seat. She was careful not to touch anything. “Uhm, thanks. It’s University of West London in Ealing, right next to the high street.”

He chuckled. “I know where it is, remember?”

“Right. I keep forgetting Xander’s your brother. I appreciate the ride. So what did you want to see me about?”

He cleared his throat and shifted in his seat as he pulled into the road. “Well, mostly I wanted to see you. You know, see how your photos came out.”

She breathed deeply then exhaled, unsure what to say or how to deal with him, so she said nothing.

“Okay, bullshit. I just wanted to see you. When you left yesterday, I got the impression I’d freaked you out…again. I wanted to make sure you—we—were okay.”

Abbie’s throat strangled her last intake of air, refusing to let it be expelled. Slowly, she forced her muscles to relax. “Honestly, I’m fine. I guess. Confused, frustrated. Did I mention confused? Every time we touch, it just seems to get pretty intense, you know? Then you turn around and tell me you don’t want to be with me. Then you kiss me again. I haven’t got a clue if we’re okay or not.”

He exhaled, and the tense silence stretched between them like sticky taffy for several minutes. “Shouldn’t. That I shouldn’t be with you, not that I don’t want to be with you. Obviously, I’m doing a shit poor job of staying away. I swear to God, I’m not trying to confuse you.” He laughed. “Hell, I’m confused myself. I know what I should do. Unfortunately, it’s very different than what I want to do.” He shook his head and changed the subject abruptly. “Why don’t you tell me about the pictures you took.”

Unsure of what to say, she told him what he wanted to hear. “The photos came out great, actually. I’m headed to campus to do some light touching up with Photoshop and grab some large prints.”

Lex zoomed up to the stoplight on the Key Bridge, and she learned very quickly not to watch the road if they were moving. He drove like a maniac. If she had a car like this, she’d never drive it. And if she dared it would be at a snail’s pace.

“You know, your eyes light up when you talk about your work.”

His intense focus on her made her want to squirm. No one had ever looked at her like that, like he really saw her, like he was dissecting her soul. Back to awkward and uncomfortable. “You have a way of making me edgy.”

His voice pitched lower, and he started the car forward again. “Edgy bad or edgy good?”

“Honestly? I’m not sure. I don’t really know what to do with you.”

He grinned. “So you know, the feeling’s mutual.”

The hell it was. There was no way she made him edgy. “Yeah, right, says the guy who probably has women dropping at his feet all the time.”

“You’d be surprised. I don’t date much.”

Now that was curious. “Why not? You’re certainly good-looking enough. Smart, engaging. What deep dark secret are you hiding?”

She might have imagined the shadow that crossed his face, it was so brief. But the tension surrounding them thickened.

“It’s complicated, but I guess no one’s ever made me want to share my secrets.” He frowned. “On Friday, you were talking about things you’d left behind. I’m curious. Did that include a boyfriend?”

Heat suffused her face. She wanted to open the window for some air but couldn’t figure out which of the tiny buttons it was. “It’s complicated.”

“Ah, I see. A little tit for tat.”

She rushed to explain. “No. No, it’s not like that. I just—It was sort of messy. Basically he kept my dream from me. I’d spent the last five years with someone who made me feel like I wasn’t good enough.” Not to mention abusive asshole.

His voice was calm, modulated, and he stared directly ahead. “Five years is a long time. A lot to let go of.”

Abbie winced as the memories swirled on the edges of her consciousness. “Tell me about it.” She didn’t want to go into it, but wanted to talk to someone. She was exhausted from holding it all in, so she told him what she could. “Turned out I had him pegged all wrong. Once I figured out my mistake, I sent him packing.”

“So when did he figure out that you weren’t going to take him back?”

“Probably when I changed the locks. I left a note letting him know he couldn’t get back into our place.”

Lex coughed. “Oh, shit. What did the note say?”

A smile pulled at the corners of her lips. “You have a week to move out. Call my sister for a key.”

“That’s it?”

She shrugged. “Yep. He knew I was excited about the program. He hid my acceptance letter.” She used the back of her knuckles to rub at her jaw. “I hate liars.”

Lex frowned as he swerved around a garbage truck. “I wasn’t sure if I should believe you when you said you’d just packed up your things and showed up here. And pardon me for saying so, but he was a total wanker.”

She shrugged. “Don’t I know it?”

He slid a glance toward her as he pulled the car into traffic again. “How do you know it’s the right thing to do? Coming here?”

“I feel it. In my bones. For the first time, I’m really following my dreams.” Her heart skipped faster as she spoke. “I’m making it happen on my own terms, and it feels fantastic. I’ve never been happier.” And that was the truth. Here, she didn’t feel like she was shutting away who she really was.

“Your parents haven’t called, begging you to reconsider?”

She chuckled. “Oh, they’ve called. Mom has called so often I’m wondering what London’s stalking laws are. My sisters have called too. Dad sent an email or two, but he’s more worried about my school work than anything.”

Lex smirked. “Let me guess, they can’t believe you’re making such a rash decision. And they’re convinced you haven’t thought all of this through.”

Laughter bubbled out of her chest. “It’s like you have our place bugged or something. Hell, have you been speaking to them directly?”

His grin was quick and made his gray eyes crinkle at the corner. “No. I’m not James Bond after all. Don’t let the accent fool you. I’m just dealing with my own rendition of the same song. I’m likely about to be disowned if I do what I want to do and not what my father demands. Problem is, I couldn’t really give a shit.”

“Well, you need to have a plan. I have plans going all the way to Plan F—which I call failure.”

He raised his brows. “That’s a lot of planning. Tell me what Plan B is?”

“Finish the program and get a regular job here in London. Even if I’m not doing my dream job, I’ll still have a Masters. That should be enough to keep me going for a while.”

“Going home isn’t an option?” he asked.

Her jaw smarted again. She wasn’t going anywhere there was a chance she’d run into Evan again. She shook her head. “You know, I’ve probably been holding on to it as a possibility, but the longer I’m here, the more I realize that I don’t want to give up my dream for anyone.”

“A woman determined to find her own path. I like it.”

“And what about you? What’s your path?”

“How do you mean?” He hedged.

“Well, I realize I don’t actually know anything about you. Except you volunteer and you have a job. But you’re somehow privy to all my deep dark shit.”

His lips curved into a tight smile. “How about you play hooky with me today, and I’ll tell you.”

Abbie’s heart thumped faster. She wanted more of that feeling of time standing still that she’d experienced with him on the roof and in Brixton. With him, she could spend hours and have them feel like minutes. But he wasn’t part of the plan. And he made her uneasy. He seemed nice enough, but then so had Evan. “I wish I could, Lex, but I have work to do. Lots of work.”

“Well, do you have an actual class tonight?”

“No, but…” Her voice trailed as he deftly pulled in to a parking space. “What are you doing? I really do have to work today.”

He grinned. “Then let me help. I’m good with my hands, and I’ve always been curious about photography. You can show me the ropes.”

He wanted to hang out with her? A rush of blood heated her skin. You’ve just escaped domineering and smothering, is that really what you want again? She shook her head to dissipate the errant thought.

Lex was not Evan. He was someone completely new. She didn’t have much dating experience, but even she knew she couldn’t let her past dictate her future. It didn’t matter that the two men had that same air of sophistication. They were not the same.

Still, she and Lex in a confined space wasn’t a good call. The way the energy crackled around them both tempted and scared her. “Are you serious? It’s pretty boring.”

“I’m serious. Besides, I like spending time with you.”

Oh, great. How was she supposed to say no to that?

Before she answered, she needed to know something first. “Can I ask you a question?” She licked her lips nervously.

His lips tipped into a lopsided smile and she couldn’t help but smile back at him. “Depends on the question, but go on.”

“What deep dark secret are you hiding?”





Chapter 16



For several hard-fought breaths, Lex wondered if Abbie had seen past his carefully constructed walls to the monster beneath. Could she see the darkness locked inside?

He frowned. When he spoke, his voice was even. “What do you mean?” A layer of frost dusted each of his words.

Abbie cleared her throat, and her fingers played with the strap of her camera bag. “You’re different than most of the guys I know. You’re attentive and charming sure, but you’re also really paying attention to what I say. And you seem deeper than some of the other guys I’ve met here so far. But you won’t talk about yourself. And maybe it’s my limited experience, but most guys I know would relish the chance to talk about themselves. Instead, you probe into my head.”

She dragged in a deep breath and tucked one of her slim braids behind her ear. “And I’m sure you’ve seen yourself in the mirror, and you’re not a total douche bag about it. Hell, you even played superhero for me. So, in light of all these things that make you seem pretty great, I’m looking for your fatal flaw.” She smiled sheepishly at him.

Lex expelled the breath he’d been holding. That was what she meant? She hadn’t guessed that she should probably stay miles away from him? Well, he certainly wasn’t going to be the one to tell her. She thought he was too perfect? Too nice? It was certainly the last thing he’d been expecting her to say.

“I’ve got flaws. And most of them aren’t too pretty. But for the most part, I just keep things close to the vest. Opening up is a little hard for me.” Especially with secrets like he had.

She chewed her lip. “It is for everyone.”

He didn’t want to lie to her, but he couldn’t tell her everything. She’d run from him if she knew what he was. A killer. There was no forgiving that. “I’m working on opening up. But my fatal flaws won’t hurt you, I promise. I’m just a regular guy.”

She climbed out of the car and laughed. “Says the guy in the fancy car.”

He followed suit and reached for her bag to help her. “Okay, a regular guy with a few more toys.” And a fucking fake girlfriend. He’d never been more desperate to tell anyone the truth before. But he knew what was at stake for Gemma, so he kept his mouth shut.

She eyed his outstretched hand. “You were serious about helping me?”

“Is it so hard to believe I would want to?”

“A little. Yes.”

“Well, I’m full of surprises.”

She slid her camera bag off her shoulder and handed it to him. Their fingers brushed, and immediately he snapped his gaze to hers. The electricity jolted his body into instant alertness.

She licked her lips and took a step away. “Surprises aren’t necessarily a good thing.”

He smirked. She’d felt it too, but she was trying to ignore it. Well, if he couldn’t ignore how he already felt about her, there was no way he was going to let her get away with it. He was going to take his slice of happiness. It might be a bad idea, but he wanted to spend some uncomplicated time with her. Before he had to expose all his secrets.

* * *

“So why photography?”

Abbie glanced up and gave Lex a quick smile before returning her attention to the printer. Bit by bit, pixel by pixel, the image of a grinning krumper appeared. “I was pretty shy as a kid. One of my aunts gave me a camera for my seventh birthday, hoping it would help me cope with being around people and unfamiliar situations. I pretty much never put it down after that.”

“From what I’m seeing so far, it paid off. You’re extremely talented.”

“You should see some of the photographs in Xander’s class. All those guys are good. This one guy has landscapes to rival Ansell Adams. I mean they’re just so vivid and rich. When Xander said his name in class, it sounded familiar, so I looked him up. He’s had actual gallery openings. I’m a newbie in comparison.”

“Well, I think you’ll do great. Just remember it’s about getting Xander to connect with the images, and you’ll be fine. It’s all about knowing what makes him tick.”

She grinned. “And what? You’re offering to give me the inside track on your brother? I bet there’s a hefty price to pay for that.”

His gaze flickered to her lips, and he cleared his throat. “Understanding my brother is easy. Xan says what he means and means what he says. Just show him something honest.”

Oh, was that all it took? She ignored the twinge of guilt. This wasn’t cheating, it was learning how to reach her teacher. Besides, she was a photographer. Her lens always told the truth.

“Can I ask you something?”

He sat on the edge of the light table and turned the full brilliance of his silver gaze on her.

Nervously, she tucked more loose braids behind her ears. “Why did Xander tell me to stay away from you?”

He stiffened, and immediately Abbie wished she hadn’t asked.

“I don’t know. But it looks like you’re not listening to him.”

She wasn’t, was she? Or rather, Alexi had given her no choice. “Well, you are stalking me.”

“Back to that again. Yesterday, you wandered into my hood, and today, I was just in the neighborhood.”

She rolled her eyes then chewed on her bottom lip.

“What’s bugging you?” he asked, a light frown causing his brows to pucker.

“I—Nothing.”

“Liar. You always chew on your lip when something’s bothering you.”

She narrowed her eyes. It made her uneasy to think he might already know her so well. “You don’t know me well enough to know that.”

“Oh, really? I saw the same thing on the balcony when you talked about moving here. I saw it again yesterday when I hugged you goodbye. And now. I’m pretty good at reading patterns. So what’s bugging you?”

She sighed. He wasn’t going to let it go. “What are you doing with me?”

His smile was quick. “Right now, I’m helping you mat a photo. Fascinating work, by the way. I’m hoping you’ll let me take a turn at the printer next.”

“Can you be serious for a minute?”

“Sure.” He dropped his end of the mat board and tried to comport his features. “This good enough?”

Abbie shook her head and laughed. He was incorrigible. “Why are you chasing me?”

His brows rose. “Is this chasing? I thought it was me spending time with a friend.”

Abbie crossed her arms. “You kiss all your friends like that?”

The frown was back. “What? No. You, I—” He ran his hands through his hair. “Oh, Abbie. You have no idea. The truth is I have no idea what it is you’re doing to me. This isn’t me. I don’t run around chasing anything in a skirt. You’re…different.”

She didn’t believe him. “Uh huh.”

He sighed deeply. “Look, on the roof, that was the first conversation I’ve had with someone in a long time. A real conversation, anyway. Not one that was all surface talk or about what someone wants from me. I haven’t been that open with anyone besides my brother maybe ever.”

Abbie’s heart twirled in joy, but her brain was quick to bitch-slap it into submission. Evan had said things like that to her before, and where the hell had she ended up? Absently, she rubbed her cheek. “You don’t even know me.”

“Maybe, but I recognized you. You’re looking for something real. Looking for something to make you feel alive.” He shrugged. “I’m looking for the same thing. Doesn’t hurt that you’re beautiful.”

Oh, he was good. She hid a smile. “And yesterday, in Brixton?”

He pitched his voice lower. “I just wanted to see what it would be like to hold onto you for a minute.”

Abbie shook her head. “I’m not sure what to do when you say stuff like that to me.” She put up a hand. “Wait, not like I’m insecure or anything.” Even better, now she sounded arrogant. “I’m not over confident either.” She sighed. Now would be a really good time for a muzzle. “In some ways you’re so like my ex. In other ways, so totally different.”

“Different can be good.”

He took a step toward her, and she automatically stepped back.

“Remember, Abbie, I’m a completely different person. Whatever fucked up thing sent you out of his arms, I’m glad you’re here. I’m not that bloke. I’m not going to hurt you.”

She licked her lips nervously. “I thought you said you wanted me to stay away from you.”

He took another step toward her, and she took another step back. “I’m tired of being on my best behavior.”

“Alexi, I—”

He stepped directly in front of her, and she backed right into the bookcase.

“It’s easy, all we have to do is let go.”

Lex braced his hands on either side of her head. When he closed the short distance between their bodies, her heart hammered, and she held her breath. Just once, she wanted to be able to be free. To be able to let go and enjoy him. To be able to live just a little. No rules, no control.

“Look at me, Abbie.”

She stubbornly kept her gaze pinned to his broad chest.

His voice was a whisper that caressed her skin. “Abbie. It’s okay, look at me.”

The pleading in his voice broke her resolve. How was she supposed to resist gorgeous and seductive and pleading?

When her gaze met his, his eyes were soft.

“Can I kiss you?”





Chapter 17



Abbie’s legs trembled as Lex’s scent wrapped her in a warm cocoon of mint and something woodsy. He smelled fresh and clean. Like the fresh start she needed. Like the man she wanted.

She swallowed hard then nodded. Her body wanted him, yet her brain was hesitant. This wasn’t how things were supposed to happen. She wasn’t supposed to get distracted. But here in the darkened photo lab, with the whirring of the printer for company, she wanted to lose herself, forget who she was. She wanted to lose herself in him.

When his lips touched hers, they were firm and warm. Electricity tingled over her skin. His hands lifted to her face, and his touch was soft as he stroked her cheekbones with his thumbs.

Heat flooded her body and her mind, and she couldn’t think about anything other than getting closer. She wound her arms around his shoulders, then looped them around his neck. When she slid a hand into his hair, he growled low. His chest vibrated against hers while he deepened the kiss. With every slide of his tongue, her body softened and molded against his.

Through her clothes, Abbie could feel the stiff length of his erection nudging her belly, and she moaned. Need and desire flooded her body as Lex’s hands slid from her face to her hips. His grip was firm but yielding, as if he was asking permission for something. Eager to be closer to his warmth, she pressed her body closer to his, and his hands flexed. Abbie’s breath caught when his thumbs started to trace a path along the hem of her shirt where a strip of her belly showed.

Lex dragged his head back, and she mewled a protest. The answering uptick of his lips made her whole body contract.

When he spoke, his voice was barely recognizable. As if each word had to be forcibly ripped out of his throat. “Is this okay?” He used his thumbs to trace a path along her flesh again.

Abbie swayed into him, unable to help herself. She couldn’t find any words, could only nod numbly as he played the pads of his thumbs over her skin. Fire tripped over every nerve ending, and she felt like she might actually combust if he kept touching her. But if he stopped, she was pretty certain she’d die.

Lex’s gaze was hot and intent. The silver-gray of his eyes had darkened to nearly black. He cleared his throat. “If I do something you don’t like or aren’t ready for, just tell me, okay?”

Again she made a herculean effort to move her head up and down. Why was he talking so much? She needed him kissing her again. Needed to feel the zing of excitement, the need drowning out all other thought. The tingle and the pull of her body as it readied for him. She’d never felt anything like it in her life. And the good sense part of her brain tried to shout a warning, but she was in no mood to listen.

But he didn’t resume kissing her. He just kept touching her with slow lazy strokes. “I need to hear the words, Abbie. Can you do that for me?”

Shit. What the hell was the question again? There’d been kissing, then touching, then he’d pulled back and—Oh yeah, he’d asked her to tell him if he did something she wasn’t cool with. “Y-yes, I’ll tell you.” Her voice came out all breathy and light.

Lex’s hold tightened before he muttered, “Good.”

When he kissed her again, he wasn’t as gentle. Instead of coaxing a response from her, he demanded one, and her body gave him what he wanted. His thigh wedged between her legs, bringing him in contact with her throbbing clit. Through her jeans, she could feel the heat and hardness of his leg muscles and the friction he applied to her sweet spot. Her hips gave an involuntary jerk, and he gave her a satisfied grunt.

As his hand stole up her T-shirt, she arched her back into his caresses. He left a trail of buzzing nerve endings in his wake as he traveled up her belly then her ribs to her breast.

Abbie held her breath, and her body stilled in anticipation. Her breasts could be extremely sensitive. She craved his touch, but worried about what he’d think of her if she lost control.

He dragged his head back again. “You want me to stop?”

“N-no.”

“I am so happy to hear you say that.” His lips slid back over hers as his thumb skimmed the underside of her bra. The shot of lust hit her hard, and she rocked her hips on his thigh. When he did it again, Abbie threw her head back.

He trailed kisses along her jawline then dipped his head farther to her neck. “You taste so sweet. And you feel even better than you taste. All I’ll be able to think about from now on is how soft you are.”

He traced a thumb over her nipple and she cried out. Moisture and heat rushed to her center, and the building need tripped her so close to the edge of ecstasy. It wouldn’t take much. Just one more stroke from his deft fingers, maybe two.

“Jesus, you are so beautiful,” he whispered.

“Alexi…”

* * *

The way Abbie said his name made Lex’s heart thunder. Like in that moment he was the center of her universe. It fired every protective instinct he had. He wanted her to be his.

But she’s not yours. When she finds out she’ll run.

As he nuzzled her neck, he blinked, trying to ward off the intruding thought. She could be his. He could let himself have something he wanted. Just this once, he might not have to hide. She’s not yours. He wanted to surround himself with her softness and forget, but he couldn’t. He should let her go.

Yet the lure of her soft skin and her open response was too much to ignore. He brushed his thumb over her nipple again. Her hoarse cry and the flexing of her hands in his hair told him she was already so close to letting go for him. There was something so pure in her response that it made him ache. She was so open.

His erection ached and throbbed, once again begging him to sink deep inside her and forget all the nonsense about her not being his.

When her hips rocked on his leg once more, he almost lost the battle with himself about taking her in the photo lab. His imagination conjured up all kinds of positioning with the machines and furniture at hand.

Through the foggy haze of his brain, he heard footsteps from down the hall. His brain tried to focus on the sound, but Abbie scratched her nails through his hair, and a wave of lust drowned out rational thinking. He cupped her breast and groaned as the soft plump globe filled his hand. God.

When Abbie dragged his head back up and melded her lips back to his, he forgot all about the phantom footsteps and where they were. He forgot all about why he couldn’t be with her. He forgot everything. All that mattered was this moment with her, in his arms. It didn’t even matter that he couldn’t breathe.

It was Abbie that brought him out of the fog when her head snapped around. “What was that?”

Lex’s brain tried to shake of the blanket of lust enough to focus. “What?”

Abbie’s dark gaze flickered to his. “Muffled beeping. Do you hear that?”

The word beeping brought his brain into better focus. Beeping. Xander’s ringtone. Right, his damn phone. Xander must have seen his car in the parking lot. “Shit.” He swiftly removed his hand from Abbie’s breast before stepping back and adjusting her T-shirt.

With an ease he didn’t feel and hard fought nonchalance, he slowly stepped away from her and dug in his pocket for his phone.

The display said Xander, and he muffled another curse before picking up. “Hey, Xan. What’s up, big brother?”

“I saw your car. Are you on campus?”

He hesitated a minute before answering. He wanted to go back to touching Abbie, but something about the stiff set of her shoulders told him that wasn’t going to happen now.

Her body eventually sagged against the bookcase, and she dragged in several long, deep breaths before she moved back to the printer. She didn’t look at him, and a slice of pain stabbed at his heart.

Anybody could have walked in on them. He needed to be better aware of the risks, not just for him, but for her. It wasn’t exactly a good idea to get caught making out with a professor’s brother.

“Yeah, I’m on campus, just headed to come and see you. Wanted to ask you about something actually.”

He hung up with Xander and turned his attention to Abbie. Her back was still to him. “Did I push you too far?”

She whirled to face him, and though her face was flush, her eyes were clear and vibrant. “No. It was…” Her voice trailed as she blinked rapidly. “No. I just—I think I lost my head for a minute—again.”

“And that’s a bad thing?”

She sighed. “It’s a confusing thing. Clearly we, uhm, have some chemistry.”

His body jerked as if she’d caressed him. Ready for action, dying to touch her again. “You can say that again.”

“I’m just not in a good place at all. But every time I see you, it’s hard to remember that I’m supposed to be more careful.”

He wasn’t sure what she meant by that, but he liked her open and vulnerable, not shuttered. “I won’t hurt you.”

Her smile was weak. “I’ve heard that before. You should go.”

Damn it. He didn’t want to leave things like this. “Look. I need to deal with Xander. I should have known he’d see my car. I’ll call you as soon as I’m done with him.”

She didn’t respond.

Stepping up behind her, he gently brushed her braids off the back of her neck and planted a soft kiss at her nape. “I’m sorry I have to go, but can I call you?” He kissed her softly.

She shivered, and then nodded. The simple action was enough to make his heart do flips. “And, Abbie?”

She shifted her head to glance at him. “Yes, Alexi?”

“I had fun today.”





Chapter 18



“Do you want to tell me why the hell you’re butting into my business?” Lex asked his brother through clenched teeth as he stalked into Xander’s office.

“Hello to you too, little brother. How’s the post birthday hangover?”

“Cut the shit, Xander. You want to tell me where you get off telling girls to stay away from me?” Not that he expected a straight answer. He’d learned years ago that Xander wouldn’t tell him anything he wasn’t in the mood to. Direct questions were always the fastest.

Xander leaned back in his chair. “It’s funny, she didn’t seem like a rebel to me, but I guess she was, if you’re in here shouting at me.”

“Answer the question, Xander. Why would you tell her that?”

“The better question is, why do you care? You can have any girl you want. Stop messing with my students.”

Lex ignored him. “It’s none of your business.”

“Hate to break it to you, mate, but it is starting to be my business. You forget my fate is tied inexorably with yours. You start making new friends, and that starts getting very ugly for the brothers Chase.”

Anger and annoyance made for a volatile cocktail. Lex glared at his brother. “In sixteen years, I haven’t told a bloody soul what happened that night. I’m not going to start now. I’ve been with Gemma since we were kids, and I’ve never told her. This isn’t about that night, Xander.”

His brother sat forward with a thunk of his chair. “I saw you Friday night, Lex. I watched you dance with her. Hell, you’re lucky I was the only one who saw you. Did you tell her about Gemma?”

The heat of shame pricked. He needed to tell her, but first he needed to see what they were first. “No need to. It was just a dance. She’s a friend, and that’s all. I’m not going to stay away from her just because you tell me to.”

Xander stood with his hands planted on his desk. “I’ve never seen you look like that. I caught the whole damn sex-dance on film, and I felt like I was intruding on a couple in love.”

Xander had it on film? It took sheer force of will not to ask to see the pictures from that night. “She’s a friend. That’s it.”

“You can’t have friends like that. You can’t have her as a friend.”

Lex stiffened. “What happened to grabbing my slice of happiness?”

“That was before I knew you were screwing one of my students.”

“What does it matter to you? I’m not backing off. But I would appreciate it if you’d fucking butt out of my life.”

Xander’s lips set in a firm line. His brother’s eyes, a near mirror of Lex’s own, narrowed. The air around them crackled and vibrated with hostility. Then the obvious struck Lex. “You want her.”

Weary dread knotted in his belly as Xander folded his arms over his chest. “I’m not an idiot. I don’t date my students.”

“That wasn’t what I asked you.”

Xander shrugged. “I recall it was more of a statement.”

Lex wasn’t going to play games. He loved his brother, but he also wasn’t going to give up Abbie, or worse let Xander have her. “Xander, I don’t want to fight you over a girl.”

“Easy, then don’t. Stop seeing her.”

Could he really walk away from her? Just a brief taste, and he was already reeling. “I’m sorry. I can’t. I care about her. She won’t say what, but something haunts her.”

Xander was silent for a minute before he responded, “You can tell from the photos she takes.”

“I can be her friend, Xander. Can you even be that?”





Chapter 19



Abbie tapped her foot up and down rapidly. Eventually Ilani reached over, put a hand on her knee, and mouthed. “Would you stop?”

Abbie shrugged and whispered, “I’m sorry. I’m just nervous.”

After Alexi had left her in the labs yesterday, she’d managed to finish what she wanted, but every other thought had been consumed with him. He’d texted to apologize for running off, but other than that, he hadn’t called.

And now, she was a jumbled pile of raw nerves. What if Xander figured out who Lex had been with? Would he be pissed? He had told her to stay away from his brother after all.

And no matter what she tried, she couldn’t focus on her classmates as they prepared and talked about their photos. Her mind kept drifting back to Alexi. His lips on hers, the way he’d asked permission before kissing her. The reverent way he’d touched her. She shifted in her seat.

Ilani flicked a paperclip at her head. “Honestly, Abbie. If you don’t stop, I’ll sever your legs. It will be a real shame watching you wheel around London trying to take photos, but I’ll do it.”

“Shit. I’m sorry. I just want this whole thing over with.”

Ilani nodded in understanding. “The reason I’m so calm is I medicated with a shot of vodka before coming today.”

Abbie couldn’t help a silent snort of laughter, and she whispered, “You what?”

“I know. Seems stupid now as I’m buzzing just the slightest bit. I’m praying I get through my presentation without showing the whole class my knickers.”

Abbie shook her head and giggled. “You know, you’re just outrageous enough that I can see it happening.”

Ilani winked at her. “It’s happened before.”

At that moment, Xander walked in, and the room went silent, everyone nearly sitting on the edges of their chairs, waiting to see who the first victim would be. Each of them hoping it wouldn’t be them, but simultaneously praying it would be so they could just get it over with.

Xander stood in front of the class. “Good afternoon, my intrepid photographers. Today is a great day to tell stories with our art.” He was clearly jazzed, but so far, he was the only one feeling that energy. Everyone else had that wrinkled brow, teeth-gnawing-on-lip look.

“So, have I got a volunteer?”

Nobody moved, as if terrified that even the slightest movement of a scratched nose would symbolize a desire to get flambéed by Xander first. Surreptitiously, Abbie’s classmates slid glances at each other. Still, nobody dared move.

Xander jumped up and down twice, but his gaze never met Abbie’s. “C’mon, gang. There has to be someone brave enough. I promise, it’s not that bad. I’ve obviously taken a cursory look at these. Some were quite good. Others not so much. But we’ll get to that. Remember, this is so you can learn.”

Abbie’s foot began its tapping routine again, and next to her Ilani groaned.

Abbie held her breath. If she went first, she could spend the rest of the class lamenting her situation instead of pretending to look at her classmates’ pieces but not really seeing them because her brain was too filled with Alexi.

Her hand moved almost of its own volition as it slowly rose into the air. She cleared her throat. “I’ll go first.”

Xander nodded happily. “That’s the ticket. I really would have been cross to have to select the first of you. And I don’t think anybody likes me in a cross mood.”

On wooden legs, Abbie went to the laptop and the projector. The actual physical works were already in the student gallery hall. The university liked to open every Friday evening for exhibitions. They charged five pounds at the door. It also helped young, unknown artists get discovered.

She turned to face her classmates, and Ilani gave her an encouraging smile with a thumbs up signal. Her stomach rolled. Now would be a hell of a time to throw up. She was pretty sure that would piss Xander off more than having to select someone else to go first. Then she thought of something Alexi had said. He thought she was brave. He said he didn’t know anyone who’d uprooted their life without a safety net. Maybe he was right.

Abbie drew in a deep breath and stepped to the side with the remote. Xander hit the lights, and the image of the kids dancing in the market filled the screen. One in a lime green jumpsuit hung suspended in air, his knees bent and his arms back, his face a mask of both aggression and joy. That was, in its essence, krumping. Working out aggression and expressing emotion. She walked the class through where the photos had been taken and the scenario for the next few market shots. Then she let the photo speak for itself. She repeated the process for all twelve of the works she’d selected.

Yesterday, Alexi had wanted far more in-depth knowledge of every single photo. He’d been sucked in by each one.

When she got to the last four photos, she bit back a secret smile. The Brixton Gold shots. “I’d selected Brixton as a destination for these gritty, urban life photos in particular because I have a small obsession with the soul music that came out of England in the sixties and seventies. It’s the music I grew up on. I wanted to see music row and see some of the old studios.” When she showed the exterior of Brixton Gold, her classmates murmured appreciation. “I also got the opportunity to go inside and shoot some photos while they were recording.” She flicked to the first image of the rapper Lady Jane in the booth. Then she changed the image to one of the sound engineer as he’d been rocking out to the song. The joy was obvious in his expression.

When she was done, Xander turned the lights back on, and she headed back to her seat. He stared at her for several long moments, and she shifted under his scrutiny.

When he spoke, his voice was quiet. “Can anybody tell me what Abbie’s image made you feel?”

Immediately, people around her called out emotions like joy, energy, enthusiasm. Someone else just said wow. She flushed. She’d never had this kind of response to her work. Hell, she’d never even shown many people her work aside from doing what it took to get offered a program like this. Xander gave her a little bow. “Miss Nartey, your work is exemplary. Even I’m impressed, and I’m not impressed by anything.”

Holy cow. Had she actually pulled this off? Was she a real life photographer? Stunned into silence, all she could do was nod and try desperately not to cry.

As soon as the attention turned from her, she breathed a sigh of relief. The first person she thought of to call was Alexi. Of course, that would have to wait until she got home.

For the rest of class, Abbie tried desperately to pay attention to the work of her classmates, but her mind kept wandering. The only person who’s work she did make it a point to focus on was Ilani’s. She’d turned into a friend, and Abbie would at least give her that much respect. Though Ilani’s critique had not been nearly as positive as Abbie’s, neither had it been scathing.

When she returned to her seat, she slouched and threw her head back. “Was that as awful as it felt?”

Abbie aimed for something that would make her feel better. “You’re exaggerating. You did fine.”

“I eeked out of that one by the skin of my teeth. The next assignment has to go better. I wonder what it is.”

Xander turned the light on after the last critique. “As Miss Bruce is asking in the back…”

Ilani slunk down further in her seat.

“Your next assignment is to photograph love in any form or all of its forms. I want to see it. And while nudes are an important part of photography and art, for this particular assignment, please leave the nudie shots out. I want to make sure you can capture the raw emotion properly before we start going into risqué territory.”

Ilani leaned in and whispered, “I’d like to get into his risqué territory, if you catch my meaning.” She winked.

Abbie couldn’t help a giggle. “You’re terrible. Besides, you heard him. He’s not looking to be seduced by any of his students.”

Ilani shook her head. “I think he doth protest too much. I heard the rule was set by the administration.”

Abbie eyed her. “You’re trouble.”

Ilani grinned just as Xander clapped his hands together. “Okay, so who’s up for a drink? My treat. You’ve all survived your first critique. You’ve lived to be critiqued another day.”

Abbie checked the time. Class had gone long, and it was already nearing ten. But she didn’t want to miss out on the opportunity to get to know her classmates better.

“Got somewhere you’d rather be?” Ilani prompted.

“No. Just have to deal with some things back home.” Evan had left five messages and even called Sophie trying to get a hold of her. And considering he and Sophie didn’t get along, that was saying something. She would kill her mother for giving him a way to contact her. Next time she ran away from home, she wouldn’t be leaving a forwarding address or phone number. “But you know what? It can wait until tomorrow.”

* * *

An hour later, Abbie smiled to herself as she watched the revelry around her. This is what she’d imagined when she’d wanted to come to school in London. Sitting in the pub with friends, her new classmates, having a Guinness. She couldn’t believe her life now. The mild pang through her heart jolted her. She wasn’t going to think about it or the reason she was here. She’d just enjoy it.

Xander sauntered back to the table, carrying another pitcher for the small group. Ilani sat next to her, and Maxim, a lanky, blond Swede sat across from her, Andrew next to him. He was British like Ilani. Amy, the South African, had bounded over to the Karaoke stand and was picking out a song.

The five of them comprised the majority of the students who’d lived through Xander’s critique that night with passable grades. Abbie had a feeling that that was something rare enough to be celebrated.

When Xander sat, Ilani crowded him. Amy trod back to the table, looking disappointed. “They didn’t have that new Beyoncé song, so I’m not in the mood anymore.” She too, immediately sidled up to Xander.

Abbie just shook her head. It was like they couldn’t really help themselves. He’d made it clear he wasn’t going to date a student, but still, they trotted out their wares, hoping for a bite. Amy insisted on dressing like a Kardashian with her too tight, too short, too cleavage-bearing clothes and pounds of makeup. Abbie didn’t have a problem with the clothes. Hell, some of them were even cute. But for school and class, where they’d most likely be hunched over light tables and viewers, it made no sense. And then there was Ilani. Her friend had a more subtle approach. She’d toned down the clothes, but her make-up was still expertly done, and Abbie noted that she wore perfume. It made Abbie want to laugh.

This was Xander Chase they were talking about. He dated supermodels. Neither of them stood a chance. But she wasn’t going to burst their bubbles.

Not that Abbie was completely immune to Xander. She wasn’t dead, and he was pretty to look at. Not to mention he had this lazy, casual, sex appeal to him that would make any sane woman stop and blink a few times. But that was it. For her, it was like watching a beautiful landscape that someone else photographed. All of the beauty without any of the connection. Her mind was already consumed with the other Chase brother.

As she drank Guinness and chatted with Maxim, she started to relax, the tension rolling out of her shoulders. Xander’s low voice from directly behind her startled her so badly she jolted and spilled her Guinness on her hand.

He chuckled. “You’ll have to be careful. To the Irish that’s a punishable offense.”

“Yeah, I’ll remember that.” Grabbing a handful of napkins, she wiped off her hand and the table.

“Did you have fun the other night at my brother’s party?”

Abbie shoulders stiffened as she turned to face him, unsure what to say. Last time they’d talked about his brother, he’d warned her off. “Yeah, it was fun. Could have been better.”

His slate gray eyes narrowed on hers. “Oh, yeah, why’s that?”

Her temper sparked. “Some asshat irritated me and told me to stay away from a friend of mine. He was a bit of a prick.”

Xander’s eyes narrowed, and the hairs on the back of her neck stood at attention. That kind of scrutiny from him was enough to put any woman in a stupor. She shifted uncomfortably. Looking around, she noted Ilani giving her a raised eyebrow, and Amy throwing death darts with her eyes.

“That prick notwithstanding, I’m sure you enjoyed the velvet rope party.”

She shrugged. “I’m not really the private party person. I’m a rule-follower by nature, so I think the line or the queue is there for a reason.”

Xander’s eyes crinkled, and his laugh was rich and low. “Well, we’ll see if you still feel the same way after you’ve been here a while. You keep hanging with that crew, you’ll start insisting you won’t fly commercial.”

She tried to remind herself he wasn’t making character assassinations. He just didn’t know her other than her photographs. “You don’t know me.” She sliced him a look. He was picking at her, and she didn’t know why, but it was rude.

Another flare of righteous indignation had her tongue loosening again. “And what’s your deal? Want to tell me why you were telling me to stay away from your brother?”

Gone was the cocksure swagger to his expression. Instead, an impassive mask replaced it. “I’d like my students to keep focus, and Lex has a way of making girls lose focus on things.”

She could see that it must run in the family. “Well, I’m not looking to lose focus. I’m here to work.” The words tasted bitter on her tongue and sounded just as acerbic to her ear.

Xander scrutinized her again. “Who wounded our Little Bird?”

Abbie ground her teeth. “Nobody. And I’m not a Little Bird.”

“Whatever you say.” He sipped his beer, then said, “But I saw you come down from the roof together, and then I saw him dancing with you. Well, I should say more like slowly fucking you on the dance floor, so I assumed you two had a thing going. I’m a little protective.”

Fury bubbled just under the surface of her skin. She considered throwing her Guinness into his face, but then he was a male, so that had probably been done before and wouldn’t faze him. She also considered grabbing the pitcher and bashing it into his head like she’d seen done in movies. But unlikely it was breakaway glass, and she doubted Tamsin had that kind of bail money. Besides, Abbie was way too cute for jail. Instead, she leveled a gaze at him. “He was the birthday boy, he asked me to dance. So I did. Haven’t you ever danced before?”

His gaze flickered to her lips and he leaned in an inch closer as if to whisper a secret to her. “Maybe you should dance with me and see if I’ve managed to pick up the skill.”

Was that flirting? It sounded like flirting. He had the nerve to act like she wanted something from Alexi, and then asked her to dirty dance with him? Okay, maybe she would bash his head in with the pitcher, breakaway glass or not. “Maybe, except I don’t engage in inappropriate relationships with my teachers. It’s not how I roll.”

He kept silent, and she promptly turned her attention back to Maxim. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Ilani fanning herself. She was sure to have some questions later.

For what felt like hours, Abbie kept her back resolutely to Xander. She knew he was still there and knew he still watched her simply because the hairs on the back of her neck stayed at attention. Then one minute, the razor sharp attention was gone. She couldn’t explain it, but she knew he’d stopped focusing on her. He didn’t attempt to speak to her again until she grabbed her coat to catch the last bus heading toward Chiswick.

“Going home so soon?”

“Well, I do have this professor with a stick up his ass, so I have to wake up at the crack of dawn to get him some decent pictures.”

He smirked. “This professor of yours sounds like a pompous dick. You should have him sacked immediately.”

Abbie shook her head. “Nah, it would just inflate his ego.” What the hell was wrong with her? This was the man who could fuck up her grades. She shouldn’t be bantering with him. “Goodnight, Xander,” she said politely, very well aware that the remaining stragglers of their party watched them with keen interest.

“Goodnight, Little Bird. Your work today was promising.”

She quirked an eyebrow. “I thought you said it was better than promising.”

“Somebody was paying attention in class.”

“Well, I am here to learn.”

Slate eyes studied her intently, and she squirmed under the scrutiny.

“My only concern is what you’re learning, and who’s teaching you those lessons.”





Chapter 20



For the first time in two weeks, it wasn’t a night terror that woke Lex out of a sound sleep. It was thumping on his door.

“Lex, open up.” More thumping.

Lex rubbed his eyes and staggered out of bed. What the hell was wrong with his brother?

When he shuffled to the front door he was thankful for the small favor that Gemma hadn’t stayed the night. He yanked the door open and glared at, from the smell of it, a very drunk Xander. “What the hell is going on? What are you doing here?”

“What, I can’t see my little brother anytime I want?”

Lex stepped back to let him in. “Jesus, mate, you smell like a pub.”

“That’s because I’ve spent the better part of the evening in one.”

Lex frowned. “I thought you had class tonight?”

“I did. First critique. It was brutal.”

Lex put on the water for coffee and snagged a bottle of water from the fridge. He tossed the water at his brother, who caught it with more agility than his condition should have allowed for. “I think you have this all wrong, Xan. When you give a brutal crit, it’s the student who’s supposed to go get pissed at the pub and drink his sorrows away, not the teacher.” He crossed his arms as he leaned back on the kitchen island. “Come to think of it, they didn’t see you like this, did they?”

Xander wavered on his feet a little. “Don’t be stupid. I waited till they all left then got proper pissed on the good stuff. I might like my students, but I wasn’t going to buy them all sodding scotch.”

Lex eyed Xander’s leaning frame and yanked a stool under him, shoving him into a sitting position. “Why the scotch, Xander?”

“Because I felt like it. Now piss off.”

“You’re the one who showed up on my doorstep, remember?” How the hell had the two of them gotten so screwed up? You know how. They were close, but the one thing they couldn’t talk about was the one thing tearing each of them up on the inside. The night he’d killed a man to save his brother. A life for a life.

“Where else would I go, but to my savior?” Xander pushed himself up off the stool, weaving into the living area before finally collapsing onto the couch.

Lex winced as he watched his brother fall. Nothing made him feel worse than when Xander referred to him as his savior. It reminded Lex of exactly the kind of human being he was. The kind of man who had let his brother take the blame for something he’d done. No, they never did talk about that night.

“You can have the spare room, Xan. You don’t have to sleep on the couch.”

Xander rolled over and gave him a wicked smile. “I would hate to intrude on Gemma’s space, in case she comes over tonight.” Xander grabbed a pillow and plastered it over his face. “You can’t have them both, Lex.” The pillow muffled his voice, but Lex felt every word like a blow. “I’ll make you a deal. You take Gemma and leave Little Bird for me.”

So that’s what this was about? Abbie. Xander wanted Abbie. “Did something happen with Abbie tonight?” As much as he loved his brother, he wasn’t above giving him a good going over.

“She’s already half in love with you, you know?”

Lex stilled. “What are you on about, Xan?”

“I can see it all over her. She’s caught up in you. I don’t affect her at all. Just this once, Lex. Could you walk away? For me?”

The dig of pain in his gut was only matched by the rush of jealousy. “I’m sorry Xander, but I can’t do that.”

* * *

Tamsin’s cheery, “You all right, love?” greeting wasn’t enough to perk up Abbie’s mood. Granted, if she’d wanted cheery, she wouldn’t have had that second mug of Guinness. Her mind was still a little foggy, despite the long walk home from the bus stop.

“Hey, Tams.”

Tamsin bounded from her bedroom through to the kitchen. “Wow, you look wretched. Are you okay?”

Abbie wrinkled her nose. “Yeah, thanks for that.”

“Sorry. But you do. What’s the matter?”

“Well, given Evan’s stalking, I need to give him a call, and I also need to give my sister Akos a call, because I have a feeling that Evan’s calling about our apartment in DC, or rather, my apartment.”

Tamsin had the good sense to wince. “Ouch. Sorry. Do you need moral support? I could stand by with vodka shots or something. You know for fortification.”

“I’ve already had two Guinness tonight. When your professor is buying, you don’t say no.”

“Especially if he’s sinfully hot.” Tamsin wiggled her eyebrows.

Abbie rolled her eyes. “You’d think with all your interest in Xander you didn’t have a man. How is Liam anyway? Just a little while, and you’ll be in Dublin, right?”

“Just one more week, then it’s an all weekend shag fest.”

Abbie scrunched up her face. “Okay then. Don’t get pregnant, okay? That would sort of ruin our girl power vibe we have going on here.”

“Noted. I think I’d rather die. Looking after Sophie is difficult enough. Imagine if I had to change nappies too.”

“Rough.” She then noticed the pile of manuscripts on the counter. “Still bringing home work I see?”

“I know, can you imagine? The horror.” She sighed. “I’m convinced I’m actually being punished. I mean most of the other assistant coordinators get an ereader device, and the books that come in are loaded on there, and we go through them that way. But oh no. My client is published by Tristan Publisher, who prefer paperbacks. I mean how archaic is that?”

“At least be happy you’re working for a client in a genre you like and read a lot of. It could be worse. They could have you coordinating a press tour or whatever for a new text book or something.”

“You’re right. Glass half full, I suppose.” Tamsin yawned. “Don’t you have a phone call to make?”

Abbie threw her head back. Who was she going to fall victim to first, Akos, or Evan?

She chose to deal with the most difficult conversation first. She slogged to her room then tossed her laptop on the bed and immediately opened up Skype. Her finger hovered over the start call key to her sister for several seconds before she hit it.

When Akos answered, she wasted no time. “Shit, Abbie, we have all been worried sick about you. Do you know how many messages we’ve left? Mom and Dad have been beside themselves.”

And so it began. “I’m not sure why. I called and left Mom a message, and I tried to Skype Dad yesterday, but he didn’t answer.”

Akosua blew out an exasperated sigh. “Well that’s not the point. You know full well, you taking off like this isn’t good for them. I mean they’re old, for Christ’s sake.” Her sister gesticulated wildly, waving her arms about as she tried to make her point. “Abbie, you can’t just take off on the family.”

“Well, if you remember, I didn’t exactly take off. I’m at school.”

“Look, the point is that you said you would put it on hold for at least a year to wait for Evan, then you turn around and decide to suddenly go. With no word as to why. I mean, can you imagine how Evan feels?”

No, but she could imagine how it would feel to dole out some of the same bullshit he’d force fed her for years. She forced herself to take a breath. And they all wondered why she ran away and didn’t call. She tried to get her sister back to her point. “Akos, you have been calling me urgently, and you’ve sent no less than four emails about my apartment, so what’s the matter?”

“Well, we need to have paperwork signed for a new renter. But Evan says he wants to just stay there.”

Abbie frowned. “He cannot stay there.” Her stomach rolled. She couldn’t tolerate the idea of him in that place.

“Look, okay, you guys broke up or whatever, but he’s still a guaranteed renter, and I don’t have to play property landlord till you get back. What’s so bad about him staying there for now? He’s your boyfriend.”

“Ex.” Abbie corrected automatically. She wondered how her sister would feel if she found out how Evan really was. How he’d treated her. What she’d put up with for far too long. But Akos had never been the one she could confide in. She was nearly ten years older and too similar to their mother.

“Whatever. I started interviewing renters, and out of the pool of ten, four were promising. I’ve pulled their credit checks. I need you to sign and scan one of the agreements back to me. I just think it would be better if—.”

She didn’t let her sister finish. “Not Evan. I’m done talking about him.”

While her sister talked, Abbie tried to work her brain around the fact that Evan thought she’d let him stay there. Was he that clueless? Had he not seen how close she was to snapping?

“Okay, sure fine, Akos, send over the agreements. I’ll pick one and send back to you. Listen, let me go. I need to call Evan.”

Akosua paused and studied her. “You look tired, Abbie. When are you going to give up this bullshit dream and just come home already where we can take care of you?”

“I don’t need taking care of.”

“Look, so you weren’t happy. It’s fine. We all need a change sometimes. But why not get that change in a new city here? Maybe you and Evan can—.”

“Let it go.” She had to get off with her sister before she lost the fight for civility and control. “Okay, Akos. Sorry. I hear Tamsin calling. Check you later.” She hung up on her sister in mid-stream.

Cracking her neck, Abbie moaned. She’d need a whole lot more liquor if she was to have more conversations with her family.

Tamsin popped her head into Abbie’s room, brandishing her cell phone. “It’s rung twice since you’ve been in here.”

“Who was it?”

“Just a number showed on the display. UK mobile, if that makes you feel any better.”

Abbie frowned, then realized it must be Lex. “Uhm, thanks. Maybe one of my classmates.”

“Uh huh.” Tamsin raised an eyebrow and hovered in the doorway. “You sure about that? Because just now you had a look of elation about you. It is a bloke?”

“Tamsin, when would I have had time for a guy?”

“You do spend quite a few hours at school and on your little jaunts about London. You could be having some secret tryst I don’t know about. Are you dating Daniel Craig, and you didn’t tell me? I mean, I can understand why you wouldn’t tell me, because let’s face it, I might kill you for him, but honestly, Abena, you should learn to share.” She grinned.

“I’m not having secret trysts. I’ve been too busy working and avoiding my family and Evan. No secret boys to speak of.” She lied smoothly. It wasn’t like she could claim Alexi as her boyfriend or anything.

“Come on. I’ve been man deprived for weeks. Just tell me who it is. Is it Xander? When you showed me his picture, I knew you were going to try to sleep with him. I just knew it. Now you two are carrying on some secret love affair.”

Abbie giggled. “You’re crazy. I’m not shagging my teacher. I promise. I get my A’s the old fashioned way.”

“Sure sure. But can you do me a favor and bring him by one of these nights, so I can ogle him?”

Abbie threw a pillow at her friend. “I’m not stupid enough to do that. I mean, sleeping with my professor, no matter how spectacularly good-looking. So not my style. Besides. I still have some unresolved Evan business. I’m not just going to sleep with some guy.” No matter how much Lex tempted her.

Tamsin waggled her eyebrows. “So you do think he’s nice to look at.”

“Yes, well, I’m not immune to the good looks, for the love of God. I mean he’s very pretty. But honestly, he doesn’t do it for me. Besides, I’m here to learn from him.”

Tamsin leaned in conspiratorially. “Just what is he teaching you? Has he got some fabulous technique or something? Come on, give a lonely girl a thrill.”

Abbie giggled. “You’re incorrigible, Tams.”

Her friend grinned. “Wait till I tell Sophie. She’ll get to the truth of the matter.”

Sophie. Abbie hadn’t thought about that. Sophie was friends with Alexi. What if she knew everything? There’s nothing to know. Besides, Lex hadn’t been so keen on everyone knowing his business either.

“You two are ridiculous.” Then in an attempt to change the subject, she asked. “Are the three of us still meeting for lunch tomorrow?”

“Yeah, I think I’m open, and honestly, Sophie lives one of those fabulous lifestyles where I can never seem to pin her down or what she’s doing. So she’ll be there. Abbie?”

Abbie glanced up at her friend. “Yeah, Tams?”

“You know you’re not doing anything wrong, right? If you were to start seeing someone. I know we tease you a little bit, but at the end of the day, you’re a free agent.”

Abbie exhaled. “You’re right. I know you’re right. I just wish my past wasn’t intruding on my present.”

Tamsin chewed her bottom lip. “Well, you won’t know until you talk to him, but don’t let him push you into a corner that doesn’t give you what you want. That’s just my two pence.”

Abbie gave her friend a soft smile. “Thank you for looking out for me.”

“What are mates for? Now I’ll leave you to either deal with your boyfriend or your hot teacher. Maybe I’ll call Liam. All this talk of you getting some has made me miss him even more.”

After Tamsin left, Abbie stared at her mobile, her fingers itching to call Lex back. Instead of placing the call she wanted to, she shifted back to her laptop and Skyped Evan as she braced herself.

His response was instant. “Jesus, Abbie. I’ve been trying to get a hold of you.”

Instead of fear or anger when she looked at his almost too handsome features, numbness surrounded her. “Yeah, I heard. I’ve been a bit tied up with school.”

His brows drew down, making his handsome face seem harsher. “You can’t just vanish like that, Abbie. I was worried.”

He was worried? Hadn’t he been the one to make her run? How had she not seen it sooner? For years she’d been blind to who he was. “As you can see, I’m fine, Evan. What do you need?”

He ribbed the end of his nose. “Yeah, I can see you’re fine. Is something wrong with your phone? I tried calling it, but it just goes straight to voicemail.”

“Yeah, I’m not really using that one right now. I only keep it on for emergencies. I have a local phone.”

There was a beat of silence. “Oh, well, are you going to give me the number?”

“No, Evan, I’m not.”

He sighed. “You’re still mad about what happened?” He sighed. “Fuck, Abbie, I said I was sorry.”

He was sorry? “Evan, do you remember the time I did that all-girls night with my sisters for the bachelorette party? Do you remember the lesson you taught me about not answering your calls quickly enough?” The numbness spread as she spoke. “It was the first time you put your hands on me. It should have been the last. Or what about the time I told you I didn’t want your poker buddies at the house because I had to study? You broke my tooth. I was dumb enough to listen to your pathetic apologies then. I’m not interested in hearing them now.”

His brows furrowed. “Okay, I have a temper. I know. Sometimes, I just…You just…I never meant for it to get out of hand. I’m sorry. We can go to couple’s therapy. I’ll even go to anger management. Anything you want. Just come home. I’m tired of us being separated.”

She shook her head. “We’re not separated, Evan. We’re over. I’m not the same girl I was a couple of weeks ago. I know better. Not to mention, you seem to forget you lied to me.”

Now he clasped his hands over his face. “Abbie, I’m serious. I’ll do whatever it takes to show it to you. Just don’t give up on me. I’ll…I’ll come to London.”

Time slowed as she registered what he’d just said. Her skin grew clammy at the thought of him here…in her sanctuary. There was no way she was going to let that happen. “I don’t want you here. I think I was pretty clear about never wanting to see you again.”

He frowned. “What? You can’t mean that. You just need some time to cool off.”

In that moment, she saw the truth. She’d been lucky to escape with her life. “No, I don’t. I meant what I said. We’re over. I never want to see you again. Don’t call me.”

She hung up and immediately rolled onto her side, bringing her knees to her chest and wrapping her arms around them. Hot tears rolled down her cheeks as shudders wracked her body. She’d let this happen. The first time he’d touched her, she should have run fast and far and reported it. Instead, she’d been so desperate to be loved she’d stayed.

Now she could see the desperation for what it had been. But she was a different person now. There was no way she was going to let him ruin everything. She didn’t want him in the same country, let alone the same city.





Chapter 21



Abbie hadn’t called Lex back. Nor had she texted. Not like he was keeping track or stalking her…exactly. Max had invited him to the monthly movie night in celebration of her arrival. He’d been coming to these things off and on for years, but tonight was strictly American iconic movies. Since it was in Abbie’s honor, Lex had known she would be here. Yeah. It was official…He was a stalker.

Jasper eyed him from across the kitchen. “What’s the matter with you, Lex? You look jumpy.”

“Nothing.” He crossed his arms and tried for nonchalance. Abbie had wanted some time to figure everything out, and Lord knew he needed time to sort out Gemma before their friends clocked onto the fact that he and Abbie couldn’t keep their hands off each other. Or rather that Lex couldn’t keep his hands off Abbie.

His friend narrowed his eyes, and Lex wondered if Jasper could smell the anticipation on him. “Things okay with you and Gem?”

Lex gnashed his teeth. Sometimes he hated having such a close-knit group of friends. One of them couldn’t sneeze without everyone knowing that person had a cold.

“Yeah, fine. Why do you ask?”

Jasper cocked his head with a slightly evil gleam in his eyes. “Oh, you know. Just that we don’t normally see you around so often. I just assumed that with Gemma planning the annual Aids Foundation Benefit, you’d be helping her out.”

And he had helped her out. But as they weren’t really dating, Lex wasn’t obligated to shadow her at every turn. “What can I say, I love Top Gun.”

“Yeah, mate. As if you’re here for Top Gun. I have a feeling a certain blonde is the reason you’re hanging around more. Let’s face it. You weren’t exactly under cover when you called and asked for her flat address.”

Wait, what? Jasper thought he had a thing for Tamsin? Fine with him. Until he and Abbie figured things out, let Jasper believe whatever the hell he wanted.

When Max signaled them all to the screening room and Abbie still hadn’t shown up, Lex started to worry she wasn’t coming. He checked his phone, but still nothing. Just in case, he left the seat on his right open. Unfortunately, Jasper sat on the other side of it.

The constant edginess was starting to drive him slowly mad. But when he heard the trudging of feet on the stairs and the feminine voices, he started to relax.

Sophie took the short stairs to join Max at the back, and Lex made a mental note not to look toward the back of the room for the rest of the movie. He wouldn’t want to have to wash his eyes out with vinegar.

Tamsin bounded up to the middle row to sit between Angel and the latest model in the house, Tony. Jasper leaned over and whispered, “Tough break, mate.”

Lex reminded himself that hitting his friend would not be a good call. Since Nick sat on the other end of their row, that left the only vacant seat between him and Jasper.

Abbie’s steps halted when she looked around and her gaze met his. Her tentative smile turned rueful when she spotted her other neighbor.

“Hi, Alexi.” Her voice was low, seductive. “It’s nice to see you again.”

He almost groaned. Last time he’d heard that voice, she’d been standing on the precipice of an orgasm. To Jasper she said only, “I trust you can keep your hands to yourself.”

Jasper’s laugh was rich and mellow. “Now what fun would that be?”

Lex clenched and unclenched his hands. Maybe hitting Jasper wouldn’t be a bad idea.

“Jasper, behave please, or I’ll make Tamsin switch places with me.”

He whispered back, “I bet that would make someone happy.”

She glanced at Lex questioningly, but then sat between the two of them. Immediately, Jasper placed his hand on the arm rest palm up. Amateur. Lex had already shoved up the arm rest between his and Abbie’s seats so he had no need for conspicuous declarations. But if he took her hand, Jasper would definitely see.

He had no choice but to sit there, with her, with less than two inches separating them and not touch her. As the movie played, electricity crackled around between them. He almost worried that any shift in the air would light a spark that would incinerate them both.

Unable to do much else but will her to touch him, he sat perfectly still, breathing evenly, only occasionally sliding his glance toward her. The muscle over her jaw worked like she was grinding her teeth and her body was tight and rigid.

He wasn’t sure it could get worse until the love scene started. He had to shake off the wave of lust as the actress hovered over Tom Cruise. Beside him, Abbie shifted in her seat, rubbing her legs together, then angling her body toward him slightly. Good, he thought evilly. He shouldn’t be the only one suffering.

Even still, nothing compared to the moment when Abbie shifted in her seat and knocked her knee with his. The subtle motion had him holding his breath. And her soft sexy gasp was enough to make the blood rush in his skull.

If he’d been watching the movie and not her, he’d have missed her mouthing his name as the actors on screen hit their climax.

* * *

Hell. Abbie was in hell. She slid a glance at Jasper who resolutely kept his hand on the arm rest. Then there was Lex. Not that he was doing anything, to be precise. Hell, he’d barely even looked at her. But every cell in Abbie’s body focused on him like he had an unseen gravitational pull.

And with the arm rest up between them, it took every ounce of self-control not to just touch him and beg him to touch her like he had the other day. She’d been so close to an orgasm. She’d almost been able to taste it. Then it had been ripped away from her so forcefully she still hadn’t recovered.

Now she had to sit through this movie with him right next to her and everyone watching them. She’d hoped to get here on time so she might have a chance to talk to him before the movie started, but Tamsin had taken forever to get ready. Maybe after the movie. She and Tamsin were likely spending the night. Getting a night bus or mini cab back to Chiswick late at night could be a pain in the ass.

When the movie finally ended, Abbie breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank God,” she muttered to herself. At least she didn’t have to endure another love scene in close proximity to Lex.

Max trotted down from the back. “Okay, boys and girls, now that we’ve watched an oldie, I have two options, one is that new zombie movie, and the other is the movie about the sex addict. Tams and Sophie immediately piped up with no zombies.

Shit. She’d heard about the other movie. An indie flick with immense critical acclaim…that and the lead actor was totally hot and particularly well endowed. There was no way she could sit through another movie sandwiched between Jasper and Lex. She wasn’t going to do that to herself. “I uhm—”

Before she could expose herself, Jasper glanced at his watch. “Oh, hell. I’m supposed to be at a gig in the South Bank in a couple of hours.”

Nick piped up. “Oh yeah? The one with Rebecca Slough, the model?”

Jasper grinned. “The very same.”

“Mind if I tag along?” Nick asked.

Abbie’s heart sank. If Nick was going, then that meant Lex was going with him, and she really wanted some time to talk to him.

Nick leaned between her seat and Lex’s. “What do you say, mate? You coming?”

Abbie held her breath.

Alexi’s voice was smooth. “No. I’m actually pretty knackered. I wouldn’t last the night.”

“All right, then you’re on your own for a ride home.”

Alexi shrugged, and Abbie could feel his eyes on her profile. “I’ll figure it out. Push comes to shove, I’ll just take the tube or spend the night and grab a taxi in the morning.”

A heady cocktail of relief and anticipation flooded Abbie’s veins. When all was said and done, it was only her, Tamsin, Lex, and Angel left in the screening room. Max and Sophie had eventually retired to take their loud make-out session somewhere more private. Tamsin eventually leaned forward. “I’m headed to bed. I think there are the two spare rooms and the couch. Which one do you want, Abbie?”

Oh wait, they were all staying? Alexi too? She’d just assumed he’d be going back to wherever he lived. Uhm, yeah, that was so not going to work for her. There was no way she could survive the night knowing Lex was somewhere in the house after everything that had happened with them. “I uhm.” She slid a glance to Lex.

“Not to worry, I’ll take the couch.”

She frowned. “Are you sure? It doesn’t look that comfortable.”

“Let the man take the couch, Abbie,” Tamsin admonished. “I’m headed to bed, you coming?”

“Uhm, I think—”

Tamsin inclined her head sharply and widened her eyes, then tapped her temple. Abbie groaned inwardly. Tamsin had invoked their I-need-to-talk-to-you-right-now signal. Of all the times. No doubt she wanted to give a full deconstruction of everything Angel had said and done in the course of the night. There really was no graceful way to back out of going with her.

“Yep, right behind you.”

When she stood, she only allowed herself a fleeting glance in Lex’s general direction. If she let her gaze linger on his, there was a high likelihood she would spontaneously combust. “Goodnight, guys, she muttered to Angel and Alexi.”

As it turned out Tamsin did need her. And Abbie felt like a terrible friend because she couldn’t give the Angel deconstruction her full attention.

“I mean, he’s acting like he’s into me. I know you couldn’t turn around lest Jasper lean in for a kiss or something, but our legs were touching the whole time. I think that means something.”

Abbie pulled her focus together. “Maybe. Did you feel like you had a cocoon of tension wrapped around you?

“Yes. I swear. That love scene didn’t help.”

“Tell me about it,” Abbie muttered.

“So what do I do?”

Tamsin was seriously asking for her advice? She had no clue what to do with her own life, let alone anyone else’s. “I have no idea. You guys should maybe talk about it. Though first things first—What about Liam?”

Tamsin’s face fell. “I don’t know. Liam’s great, but Angel…I mean, look at the guy.”

“Oh, trust me, I’ve seen him.” Abbie sighed. “Look. I think you need to figure out things with the boyfriend you have before you deal with a new one.”

“Maybe you’re right. I won’t know what I’m dealing with until I see Liam again.”

Tamsin headed to her room and Abbie to hers. Alexi’s whispered goodnight still lingered over her like a caress. Even thirty minutes later, while she tossed and turned in her bed, her body felt the magnetic pull to Lex. She could only assume he was on the large sectional in the living room. Was he having a sleepless night too?

The light from the moon cast a slivery shadow on the guestroom she’d taken at the back of the house on the lower level. The clouds were so low she couldn’t make out any stars, and it gave the night sky and eerie quality.

After tossing over for the hundredth time, she finally gave up. She might as well try some warm milk, because lying there wasn’t going to solve her problem. And if Alexi just happened to still be awake, maybe they would have the chance to talk. Yeah, as if talking was what her too aware, too horny body wanted to do.

What she wanted to do was find out if what his kisses promised was as good as what he could deliver. What she really wanted to do was let go of the ghosts of her past. And let go of the bullshit of the last several years of her life. She wanted to be free. And Alexi tasted like freedom.

With a frustrated sigh, she tossed off the heavy duvet and shivered at the chill in the air. Careful of waking anyone, Abbie slowly opened her door and traversed the darkened hallway by feeling her way along the wall. On tip toe, she jogged up the stairs into the kitchen, though when she opened the door, she realized someone had already beat her to it.

With only the light under the ventilation hood on, Alexi stood stirring something on the stove. When he turned and smiled at her, her stomach dropped.

“You can’t sleep either, huh?”

* * *

Lex tried to calm his lust-buzzed nerves and smiled at Abbie. “Do you want some hot chocolate?” It helped if he didn’t look directly at her in that threadbare tank and those tiny shorts. Through the thin fabric, he could see the outline of her nipples, and they made his mouth water.

She was silent for a moment. No doubt trying to determine if she should run back to her room or not. “Uhm, yeah. Sounds good. Thanks. I was having a hard time sleeping.”

“Yeah me too.”

Glancing up the stairs, she licked her lips nervously. “Did everyone head to bed?”

He nodded. “Yeah. Angel went to bed soon after you two did.”

Abbie cleared her throat. “Listen, I’m sorry I didn’t get a chance to call you back the last couple of days. I got a little busy.”

Lex slid her a glance and handed her a mug. She took it from him, careful not to let her fingers slide over his. After a tentative sip, she moaned.

He took a sip of his own and watched her carefully. “You really want me to believe that you weren’t running from me?”

She straightened her back, which only made those full breasts of hers jut out. He tried desperately to focus on her dark eyes.

“I wasn’t running, I just need—”

“Let me guess, space?”

She made a frustrated sound and put a hand on her hip. “Yes. Space. Look, it’s a good thing that call from Xander interrupted us the other day.”

He lifted a brow. “How do you reckon?”

“It stopped us both from doing something stupid. I mean, I barely know you. And you sure as hell don’t know me. And you made it clear yourself that you think this is a bad idea. You said we shouldn’t. I’m choosing to listen to you.”

He took another long sip and let the warm chocolate ease down his throat before he spoke again. “And if I said I was tired of trying to be good? And I only said I shouldn’t. Not that I don’t want to.”

Her eyes turned wary, and she took a cautious step back. “See, that’s what I mean. You keep telling me you’re not the good guy, and frankly, I’m in need of the good guy. I spent the last several years of my life dealing with someone who pretended to be something he wasn’t.”

“Abbie, I’m being honest with you about who I am. Is it a good idea for you to stay away from me? Probably. But will I hurt you? No.” He took a step toward her, and she didn’t retreat. “I think you already know you can trust me. I think you feel it every time you’re with me. It was why you let me touch you the day you took me to the lab.” Lex placed his mug on the island before closing the distance between them.

She didn’t move. “Alexi, I—”

“Unless, Jasper’s who you want.” Even as he said the words, his hands involuntarily clenched.

Her eyes widened. “No. Alexi, it’s not that. He’s a harmless flirt.”

“Yeah, he is. I’d rather he not flirt with you though.”

One delicate brow arched. “Seriously? Are you jealous?”

Yes. “No.” He sucked in a deep breath. Big mistake. Her ginger shampoo wreaked havoc with his senses. “Okay, if it’s not Jasper, then tell me what are you so afraid of?”

Her wide dark eyes shimmered in the dim light and with shaky hands she placed her mug on the table. “Me. I’m afraid of myself. I’m afraid of wanting this and being wrong about you.”

He was afraid she was wrong about him too. But in this moment, he wanted to be the guy she could count on. The guy she could want. Not the unworthy asshole. “I won’t hurt you, Abbie.” He now stood close enough to feel her warm breath on his neck. “Just give me a chance to show you.”





Chapter 22



Abbie’s breath lodged in her throat as Alexi took control of the kiss. She had no choice but to ride the wave of pleasure as her knees shook and need pulled at her womb. He slid his tongue over hers then teased hers inside his mouth and sucked gently, muffling her cry of pleasure.

She slipped her hands over Alexi’s torso, skimming over rippled abdominal muscles and the hard planes of his chest, eventually digging into his T-shirt.

He tore his lips from hers, dragging in ragged breaths. “Abbie, now is a good time to stop if you don’t want to do this.” His gaze briefly flickered to her lips, but then he held her steady gaze as he waited for her answer.

“I’m scared that I don’t know how to do this. But I want you.”

“Fair enough.” He deftly lifted her into his arms as if she weighed nothing, urging her to wrap her legs around him.

The position brought the hot, hard length of him directly against her heat, and she hissed, already dangerously close to bliss.

He kissed her gently, savoring her taste. “Are you okay with going back to your room?”

“I-I’m right at the bottom of the stairs.” She wanted this—wanted him.

He carried her down the stairs and through the back hallway as easily as if she weighed nothing. Once in her room, he gently laid her on the bed and slid in next to her. When he kissed her again, his fingers drummed on the nape of her neck, holding her in position while his thumb caressed her cheekbone.

To hold on and attempt some level of control, she slid her fingers into the thick soft curls at his nape and gently tugged. With a moan, he smoothed a hand down her back to the curve of her ass and tucked her closer to his body. She rolled her hips into his, and Alexi tore his mouth from hers with a harsh curse.

“Abbie, you’re addictive. I can’t stop.”

She trembled in his arms. “Then don’t.”

“Christ. You can’t say things like that to me. I could happily occupy myself kissing you for decades.”

Abbie shivered as he slid a hand up under her tank top and found the hardened tip of her breast. Her body remembered the feel of his gentle teasing in the lab and wanted more.

Breathing hard, he pulled back. “Is it okay if we take this off?” He tugged on the hem of her tank softly. Even though his eyes were clouded with lust, she knew he would stop if she asked.

Abbie nodded. And catching the hem with sure fingers, Alexi lifted the thin fabric over her head and deposited it on the floor.

“Wow.”

Self-conscious under his gaze, she fought the urge to cover herself. Alexi kissed her softly before shifting her so her head was closer to the headboard. He then settled his body between her legs, tracing a path of kisses from her lips to her jaw, to the sensitive hollow between her neck and her ear. Slowly, he brushed kisses over the tops of her breasts, and Abbie held her breath.

Leaning down, he breathed soft kisses on first one, then another nipple, each responding to his caress by instantly budding into hard little peaks. Focusing his attention on one, he drew the dark bud into his mouth, taking greedy tugs, while his thumb teased the other.

Abbie bucked, and her back bowed as pleasure reverberated through her body. Alexi took his time, paying close attention to how she responded. To his tongue, to the gentle use of his teeth.

Too impatient to wait, Abbie tugged at his T-shirt and half dragged it off his body. With a chuckle, he released her breast long enough to discard it. When he resettled into position, she sucked in a sharp breath. The heat of his skin nearly set hers on fire.

Tingling started in Abbie’s spine. She couldn’t form a single coherent thought. The only way she could communicate was to hold his head in place and to rock her hips into his body.

Lex kissed his way back to her lips, taking his time, with a little lick here, a little nibble there. All the while his thumb and forefinger gently tugged at her sensitive nipples, sending stabs of need to her core.

Abbie could feel every inch of his hardness between their bodies. Throbbing insistently. Begging for attention, but still, he didn’t rush. Didn’t make any move to remove the rest of their clothing, just kept on leisurely kissing her and teasing her nipples.

He skimmed the flesh of her belly and the curve of her hip. She held on tight to his shoulders when he paused at the waistband of her teeny tiny shorts.

He lifted his head, and she had to force open heavy-lidded eyes.

“Are you okay with this? I would really like to touch you if you’d let me.”

She gave him a vigorous nod. After all, it would eventually be her turn, and she was dying to have unfettered access to his body. “Yes. It’s okay.”

With what sounded like a muttered exaltation, his hand tucked under the waistband of her shorts and her underwear and slid immediately to her slick folds. Suddenly unable to breathe, Abbie could only grip his shoulders tighter.

Sure fingers slid through her lips, seeking her center. Alexi met her gaze as he found his quarry. Silver eyes, wild with lust gazed at her, watching her reaction as his questing finger found the center of her torment.

She cried out as he gently sank into her. Alexi held perfectly still except for his questing finger, gently exploring and retreating. Occasionally detouring to swirl around her clit, but always returning to delve just a little deeper inside her. “Jesus, you are so tight. So hot…” He bit his bottom lip as he sank in with two fingers, and his thumb traced circles on her clit.

Molten heat spread through her body. She parted her legs to give him even better access to her folds. “Alexi…”

“Do you have any idea how fucking sexy it is to hear you say my name. Like I’m the only one who can make you feel like this.”

Abbie’s whole body coiled with tension. If she could just. “Alexi, I—”

He kissed her jaw, then whispered. “Tell me what you like. Help me make you come.”

Distress chased away some of the burning need. She didn’t know what to tell him. Didn’t know how to let go. She shook her head. “I…I’ve never…I don’t know how…”

He paused and studied her, brows drawn down. “Are you saying that you’ve never had an orgasm?”

Abbie shook her head and sighed. “On my own of course. Just not with anyone. I’m sorry, I don’t think I can. I should have told you. I—” She squeezed her eyes shut, too embarrassed to look at him.

“Abbie.” He kissed her softly. “C’mon, look at me. In here, it’s just you and me. Why don’t you tell me if something feels good, and we’ll start from there? What do you think? Can you do that for me?”

Slowly, she nodded. “Yeah, I think I can do that.”

“How about this? Does this feel good?” He slid both fingers out of her and focused his attention on her clit, making small circles with his thumb.

“Yes.”

“Good. That’s an excellent start. Now, do you want me to go harder or softer?”

He started nuzzling her neck again driving her mad with his teasing. “Harder.”

He immediately adjusted his pressure. “How’s the speed?” His kisses trailed back down to her left breast.

Her back bowed as his lips wrapped around the tip again. If he could just… “Faster, please faster.”

Lifting his head slightly, he released her breast to ask. “What about if I add a finger. Do you like that?” He slid his middle finger back inside her depths, and he hissed. “Fuck, I will never get over touching you like this.”

He began a rhythm of sucking on her nipples that he paired with the stroke, retreat, stroke and retreat of his finger while he circled her clit just how she liked.

Abbie’s legs trembled and heat tapped up her spine. “Alexi?”

“Yeah. That’s it sweetheart. Let go. I have you.”

“Oh, God!” Stars danced on the edges of her vision, and her climax rocketed through her as she held on tight to Alexi.

Even as waves of pleasure pulsed through her body, he continued to stroke her gently until she lay limp in his arms. He tucked her against him and wound his arms around her tightly. “You are so fucking gorgeous.”

As the hazy fog of sleep threatened to drag her under, her brain clamped onto the knowledge that she’d only taken pleasure, but not given any. Damn. She hadn’t gotten to explore very much at all. He’d distracted her with his very skilled fingers. Leaning up, she placed an open-mouthed kiss on his jaw.

He groaned and held her still. “Sweetheart, I’m holding on by a thread here. You start kissing me again, and I’m going to explode.”

“But you didn’t…” She tried again. “I didn’t get to…”

He caught on quick to her meaning. “That’s not what this is about. You let me touch you. That alone felt like Christmas and my birthday wrapped into one. There’s no rush.”

“But—”

He kissed her forehead. “But nothing.”

She sat up a little. “But I want to touch you.” It was true. She was curious. She wanted to drive him crazy. Wanted to explore his body. Have fun playing. She’d never really reveled in someone’s body before.

He squeezed his eyes shut and lay his head back on the pillows. “And believe me when I say, I want you to touch me. But I’d like to take some care with you. You matter to me. And I don’t want to cock it up by moving too fast. Do you understand?”

She nodded slowly. Where the hell had he come from? “I understand.”

“Good.” He settled her back against him, tucking her head under his as he held her. “Now maybe you can go ahead and tell me what kind of twat your ex was that he never made you come.”

Heat crept over her skin. She’d known she’d have to answer this question eventually. She had just planned on having more clothes to do it. “I-uh, I’ve only had one serious boyfriend since I was sixteen.”

His brows shot up. “Just the one?”

She sucked in her bottom lip and raked it with her teeth. “Yeah.”

There was a beat of silence. “Were you ever with anybody before him?”

She shook her head. “No. I figured I was the problem. I even went to see a doctor about it. She told me it was perfectly normal, that lots of women couldn’t. I guess it turns out that I can.”

She could feel him nodding. “Yes. Yes you can.” She heard the smile in his voice, and she swatted his arm.

“Modest, aren’t you?”

“Nope. Not even a little bit. And to be clear—I would very much like to see you come again and again…And—”

Abbie giggled. “Yeah. I get the picture.” Her heart did a happy flip, even though her brain tried to quell it. No need to get ahead of herself. No matter how hot Alexi was, she still didn’t know him very well. But know him or not, she knew how he made her feel. And she liked it.

“Good. As long as I’m clear.” He was silent for several minutes before asking, “So, do you have any plans on Saturday?”

Her heart went from slumberous thudding to galloping, in seconds. “Probably getting some shots. Why?”

“That photo op I mentioned in Brixton, it’s on Saturday.”

Like a date? “Photo op?” She couldn’t make her brain work properly.

“Yeah it’s a party for the rich and bored.” He examined one of her braids closely. “C’mon. I want to see you. You need to work. We’ll kill two birds with one stone. What do you say?”

Hell yes. But she hesitated. Could she really do a London society thing? It was one thing to flit about the nightlife. It was a whole other thing to stroll in to a garden party as a guest. “I’m not sure. Not really my kind of crowd. Pretty sure I’d stick out like an elephant in a herd of gazelles.”

He kissed her nose. “You’ll be my guest. Don’t worry about everyone else.”

She liked the idea of being his guest, but still. She’d never fit in with Evan’s friends. She’d always felt like the imposter. He is not Evan. “Sure. I’ll come.”

“Brilliant. Then after, we can go out to dinner. I can show you my London.”

She tucked her head and kissed his chest. Was it bad that the only part of London she wanted to see was him? “Sounds like a plan.” And because she couldn’t help herself, she kissed him again.

“Woman, didn’t I tell you that you’re killing me.”

She grinned. “Sorry.” Was this her? Lying in bed with a man, enjoying herself and not praying for him to drop off so she could finally relax enough to sleep herself? She liked the new her. This she could certainly get used to.

Alexi spent the next hour kissing her and asking her questions about her childhood until the gray light of dawn broke through the shadows of the night. He groaned. “I really don’t want to leave you.”

She didn’t want him to go either. “St—”

He interrupted her by kissing her. “Don’t say it. You tell me to stay, and I will. And that would mean a whole bunch of nosy questions. And I frankly would like to keep you to myself for a bit, if that’s okay with you.”

She sighed. “You’re right. You should go.”

Thanks to more kissing that nearly got out of hand, it took him another ten minutes to leave. But when he finally slipped from her bed, Abbie wished she’d had the courage to tell him to stay.





Chapter 23



Abbie fidgeted with her camera as she waited outside the estate. The home was set on a sprawling lush lawn, complete with a garden maze. This was the stuff fairytales were made of. Right. Fairytales for other people. This did not look like her kind of party at all. But she was here for work.

Xander wanted her to photograph love. Easier said than done. She snapped a few pictures, but nothing depicting love. Though she might be able to use some for later assignments.

She’d spotted Alexi as soon as she’d arrived, but he’d been engaged in conversation with a striking brunette, and from the angle of both their heads, it looked like an intimate conversation. When Alexi’s hand rested on the brunette’s waist, Abbie’s stomach knotted.

She was just about to turn around when he looked up and beamed at her. “There you are.”

She plastered a smile on her face through gritted teeth as he approached with the same gorgeous brunette. The brunette smiled at her warmly.

“So you must be, Abbie. I’m Gemma. Lex’s been telling me all about you and your photography. It would be lovely to have some candids of the party.”

Abbie had to look away from the startling beauty, and she fought not to stare at her shoes. She tried hard to swallow the bitter bile of jealousy, but it still stung to see Alexi with another woman. Considering how he’d made her feel two nights ago.

“Of course. I appreciate the opportunity.” She hoped that didn’t sound as wooden to them as it did to her. It must have, because Lex frowned. She ignored his downturned features. “So where do I start?”

Gemma led the way. “We’ll have you go in through the side entrance. Mother will have a cow if you go in through the front and aren’t a guest who will get into OK magazine.”

Abbie ground her teeth. So she was expected to shuffle in through the back like the help. Why the fuck had she agreed to this? She didn’t belong here.

Because at the time Lex asked, she’d been in a hazy stupor of lust that she hadn’t understood. Now she realized she wasn’t exactly here as Lex’s date. Of course not. She only briefly met his impassive gaze.

Gemma led her through the side entrance, chattering the whole way about the accessible areas of the mansion, the kinds of photos she wanted, and who the most important guests were.

When Gemma excused herself, Lex drew Abbie into the library. “What’s the matter?”

Abbie shook her head. “Nothing. Everything is fine.” She’d misunderstood and that was her mistake.

He frowned and studied her. “No, it’s not fine. I can see by how your shoulders have crept up near your ears. You’re vibrating. Just look at me and tell me what’s wrong.”

What the hell was she supposed to say? That she was jealous? That she’d seen the way Gemma touched him like she was all too familiar with him and it was driving her nuts? Or that, she knew they were miles apart in status. That he belonged here in the country estate and she, well, she did not. The bite of jealousy surprised her, and she didn’t like it. “Please don’t. I’m here to work. And like I said, I appreciate the oppor—”

“Don’t do that,” he muttered under his breath. “Don’t do that prim and coolly pissed off thing. It’s not you. I thought we…” His voice trailed.

Abbie ducked her head and fingered her camera lens. “Alexi, it’s fine. You should go talk to Gemma. She looks like she needs you.”

“I’m sure she can handle herself. Right now, I’m more concerned with you. I’m not sure what I did, but last time I saw you, we were good, right?” His voice pitched even lower. “Better than good, I recall.”

Oh God, did he have to bring it up? She was acting like a jealous brat, and she knew it. He didn’t deserve it. It wasn’t his fault. She inhaled then let out a long slow breath. “I’m sorry. I’m just tense. I want this assignment to go well. And I saw… Never mind.”

He frowned as he studied her. “Why won’t you talk to me?”

“I have work to do,” she whispered.

“Fine, but I’m not letting this go. You’ll have to talk to me eventually.”

* * *

For the next two hours, Abbie snapped photos of revelers. Old men chasing around pretty young things. Old women doing the same. And all the while, her eyes were drawn to Alexi like a magnet. Every time he walked into the room they would disobey the command to not look at him.

This was pathetic. She’d just decided to leave when she caught sight of him with an older gentleman who looked like he might in thirty years. Given his crossed arms and lack of expression, and the way his body leaned slightly away from the older man, it wasn’t a pleasant conversation. On autopilot, Abbie snapped the picture. Lex’s beautiful face turned toward her, and in that moment, she saw pain and resentment and…longing.

Yeah okay. Time to go. He wasn’t longing for her; that was for sure.

She fought the tide of people as they all headed into the center courtyard for an announcement. The lady of the house—who someone had pointed out as Gemma’s mother—stood and addressed her guests. Abbie only half-listened as she shoved a canapé in her mouth and took a quick sip of champagne. She was pretty sure it was frowned upon for the help to eat at this little soiree, but what the hell did she care? These were not her people.

Mrs. Eastmoore addressed the crowd, thanked them for attending the party, and encouraged everyone to continue to enjoy the food and announced that dancing would start shortly. Certainly not any kind of dancing that she or her friends would be into. Abbie snorted and several guests turned to glare at her. Time to blow this pop stand.

Quickly, she checked the pictures she’d taken, praying some of them would suffice. The majority were lackluster. But she could use some from last week in a pinch. She wasn’t going to squeeze any love out of this crowd.

Of their own volition, her eyes scanned the grounds for Alexi, and once again found him talking animatedly with Gemma. Pain knotted Abbie’s belly. She’d told him she didn’t want to talk to him, but that didn’t mean it didn’t sting to see him obviously so comfortable with Gemma.

Turning a circle in the wide hallway, she decided it was probably best to go out the way she’d come in before she got lost and trapped in this cross between Downton Abbey and British Stepford hell.

With her camera bag slung over her shoulder, she shuffled out the side door without anyone seeing her. Her mind had already turned to the long hot bath she needed when she heard the shouting.

“How could you be so stupid? Do you understand how you made me look?”

Abbie’s skin prickled as a chill settled around her. A fear and anxiety cocktail made a roiling boiling science project out of her stomach. “Mind your business, Abbie,” she mumbled to herself.

But as she bypassed the side garden, her feet rooted to the grass. When she saw the contorted features of a hulking man as he screamed in the face of a barely five-foot-five redhead, adrenaline coursed through her veins.

Over the years, she’d never told anyone how Evan had treated her because she was too embarrassed that he’d hit her. She could have been one of those statistics if she hadn’t finally had enough. But what if she’d had someone to step in when she needed it? He might never have hit her in the first place.

He’s bigger than you, and this time you’re not brandishing a weapon.

She shook off the doubt demon that climbed onto her back. This was the right thing to do. It didn’t matter that fear and doubt were like two sets of chains holding her back, begging her to turn away and mind her own business.

When she spoke, her voice wobbled. “Hey, are you all right?”

The redhead didn’t even look at her, just mutely nodded. The man though, he glared. With all his fury directed at her, her steps faltered. “Just remember, he’s a coward at heart,” she mumbled to herself. Yeah, easier said than done.

“What the fuck do you think you’re doing? Aren’t you the help? Mind your fucking business,” he snarled.

Anger had her cocking her head. Her voice was steadier now. “You see, I would love to mind my own fucking business, but you’re out here bullying a woman half your size and screaming the house down, so you’ve made it my business.” Without taking her eyes off the man, she asked the woman again, “Are you okay? You don’t have to stay here with him. We can go to my car, and I can drop you anywhere you like.”

Abbie desperately hoped this douchebag wasn’t the woman’s husband or something. Even as beads of sweat ran rivulets down her back, still, she inched closer. “My friends are inside, and they’ll take care of you too if you want.” She prayed Alexi would fulfill that promise, she just knew she had to get this woman away from this man.

“N-no, it’s okay. I’m okay. It was my fault really, I—”

Echoes of her own life flashed in Abbie’s head.

She took another step until she stood next to the woman, close enough to shove her out of the way of a fist, if one came. The man backed up, but his face was beet-red, and the vein in his forehead had started to throb.

Abbie licked her lips. “Look, why don’t you take a minute to think this through. In the meantime, she’ll go in the house.” Call the cops. “We’ll have a drink.” Escape out the front door. “Then you two can talk this out.” Yeah, with your sorry ass behind bars.

His words came out clipped and extra crisp with his accent. “Who the fuck do you think you are? Do you have any idea who I am? I will ruin you. You have no business butting into an argument between me and my wife.”

Oh hell. She was married to this douche? In that moment, Abbie knew this woman wasn’t going to run away or call the police or do anything that she should. She was going to go on pretending everything was okay. Like I did.

“Consider me a Good Samaritan, making sure she was okay. You’re nothing more than a bully.”

Tendrils of fear snaked out and wrapped themselves around her spine as the man snapped a meaty hand around her upper arm. She winced inwardly as he applied pressure. Outwardly, she schooled her features to read disdain.

“What the hell is going on here?”

Even though Abbie couldn’t see Alexi, hearing his voice was enough to put her at ease. “I saw this woman here needed some help getting away from her idiot of a husband. Now he thinks it’s a good idea to manhandle me.”

The man advanced a step, and Alexi was at her side like a flash. “Sir Robert, my friend was just leaving.”

Whiskey Tango Foxtrot? Alexi knew this asshole? Anger made her voice waver, and she hated it. “He was going to hurt her. If I hadn’t stepped in—”

Ice dripped off of each of Alexi’s words. “Maybe you didn’t hear me, Abbie, but it’s time to go.”

She tore her arm loose from the oaf’s grip and glared at Alexi. Why the hell was he so furious with her? Had she broken some rich elite code? “I didn’t do anything wro—”

The woman beside her shook her head. “Oh, no. You must have misunderstood. We were just having an animated conversation. My husband would never hurt me.”

Abbie stared at the redhead incredulously. He’d been gripping her so tight, Abbie could see hints of bruising on the woman’s arms. But she was going to back up this asshat? She turned to face Alexi, and she saw they weren’t alone. Gemma and her mother had followed him.

The older woman stalked over to the red-headed woman. “Emily, Robert, you’ll have to forgive Alexi and Gemma’s guest. Obviously, she misunderstood and shouldn’t have gotten involved. Emily, why don’t I take you inside so you can freshen up?”

Alexi stood firm by Abbie’s side, but she could feel the chasm between them widening. “I’m not lying, Alexi. He was going to hurt her.”

“Gemma, do me a favor and make sure Abbie gets the fuck out of here.”

The bottom fell out from her stomach. He doesn’t believe you. In his world, things like this are par for the course. And he was clearly pissed that she’d embarrassed him.

“You know what? Forget it. I’m done here anyway.” Hot tears spilled onto her cheeks as she stalked out of the garden.

* * *

Lex relaxed only marginally as Abbie retreated. Fury nearly blinded him when he’d rounded the corner of the garden and seen this prick’s hands on her. His first instinct was to give in to the violent rage that simmered just below the surface. The rage that had saved his life all those years ago. The rage he’d promised to never lose control of again.

But if he’d done that, he would have scared the hell out of Abbie. She would never look at him with trust again, and he didn’t want that. Getting her the hell away from the arse was the only solution. She’d sounded hurt, but that couldn’t be helped right now.

Lex stepped in Sir Richard Wembly’s path as he started after Abbie. “I think we’ve all had enough disagreements for one day. Wouldn’t you agree?” The idea of this piece of shit going after Abbie made him want to kill something. And with his Jiu Jitsu training he would probably do some serious damage.

Rage clouded the older man’s eyes as he shifted his focus from Abbie’s retreating form to Lex. “If you know what’s good for you, you’ll stay out of my way.”

Lex forced his body into a relaxed pose, though he was anything but. He’d seen the bruises on Emily Wembly. He doubted that Sir Richard would physically attack him, but as the man had physically assaulted his wife and just tried to go after Abbie, he stayed alert.

Lex’s family had known the Wemblys all his life. Not once had he ever had any inclination that Sir Richard was anything other than the refined member of Parliament that he appeared to be. Until now.

The look he had given Abbie had said it all. The refined politician was the mask. This was the real man, and he was no better than a schoolyard bully. If Lex hadn’t come when he had, Richard would have hurt Abbie, would have continued hurting his wife. The angry savage inside reminded Lex how good it would feel to give this fool his comeuppance.

“I’m not staying out of your way. You are clearly having a problem controlling your anger.”

“Where do you get off, you little shit? Just because I’ve known your family for a long time doesn’t give you the right to be so familiar with me.”

Lex let icy menace slide into his voice as he spoke. “Sir Richard, if I were you, I would listen very closely. Just because you sit on Parliament doesn’t mean you control the world.” He stepped into the older man’s physical space and squared his shoulders. “Nick Wexler is a very good friend of mine. I seem to recall him saying you lack a way with cards. I’m sure you would hate for that to become public knowledge. After all, news like that would endanger your political career. You know the public hates a scandal.”

The older man blanched, then backed up a step. “No one would believe a pissy little upstart like you. One word to your father, and you’re done. Cut off.”

Lex let all menace he felt bubble to the surface. “I’m sure you’ve heard the rumors about me and my brother.”

The older man went pale.

Lex continued, projecting a calm he didn’t feel. “I’m sure you wouldn’t want to find out if they were true or not.” It cost him a sliver of his soul to bring those early memories to the forefront, but he needed to make a point. “If I see your wife looking a little worse for wear ever again, or I find out you bothered my friend, you might meet the same fate as Silas McMahon.”

Lex didn’t bother to see how the older man reacted. Instead, he turned on his heel and went after Abbie.





Chapter 24



After an hour and a half of driving Tamsin’s car through the slogging rain, Abbie let herself into the empty apartment. She tossed her keys on the kitchen counter and went straight for the wine. She knew Tamsin needed some time with her man, but right now she could really use her best friend.

After pouring herself a large glass with shaky hands, she quickly changed into sweats before sitting down with her laptop and turning on a DVR’d episode of Eastenders. But she wasn’t in the mood to attempt to look through any of the pictures.

But Tamsin was in Dublin with Liam and Sophie was off to Jersey with Max. So she was all alone for the first time since she’d come to London. It gave her too much time to think, and her brain replayed the scenario from the afternoon over and over and over again. Had she done the right thing? Yes. Should she have gone with some back up? Probably.

It had been foolish, but she was glad to have been able to get that poor woman away, even if it was just for the rest of the party. She’d have to make her own choices when she got home. Adrenaline still coursed through Abbie’s body, making her hands shake, and she very deliberately took a big gulp of wine.

The front door buzzer sounded, and she dragged herself from the relative comfort of the couch. With wooden legs, she trudged over to the answer box and pressed the buzzer. “Who is it?”

“Abbie, it’s Lex.”

Shit. What the hell was he doing here? She didn’t want to see that look on his face again. The fury and disbelief she wouldn’t soon forget. “Now’s not a good time.”

“Abbie, I want to talk. Please let me up. I need to see that you’re okay.”

Oh, really? He hadn’t been too concerned about her well-being a few hours ago. At that point, he’d been more interested in keeping the fact secret that his close family friend was a wife beater. She depressed the buzzer again. “It’s okay, honestly. I’m fine.”

Lex’s smooth voice came over the speaker again. “Abbie, I’m begging you, just hear me out. Just for a minute? I’d rather not have this conversation out here for the whole world to hear.”

She’d rather not have it at all. But the truth was, she wanted to hear him out. Wanted to hear some explanation that would make up for what he’d done. Needed to hear that he believed her.

She buzzed him in and opened the door before taking back her post on the couch.

When he strode inside, the air left her lungs. Every time she left him, she literally forgot just how beautiful he was. And then, when she saw him again, it all came crashing into her. “What do you want, Alexi?” For the most part, she ignored him, only catching his exploration of her flat from the corner of her eye.

“I like your place. It’s cozy and girly, but not in a bad way. You’ve got nice smelling stuff everywhere and actual grown up things. I bet your kitchen drawers are full of all kinds of cooking utensils I’ve never even heard about.”

She wasn’t in the mood for his teasing. “Can you say whatever the hell you have to say and get out? I have to do some work.”

“Are you headed back to the library to print canvases? I could give you a ride and then—”

She cut him off with a look. “And then what? We’ll nearly screw each other in the lab again? I’m not interested in being with someone who doesn’t trust what I say.”

He cursed as he sank down into the couch next to her. As he spoke, he ran a hand through his hair. “Is that what you think? You think I didn’t believe you?”

“You were clearly pissed at me. Look, I know that’s not how you people do things in the rich circles, but I saw someone who needed help, so I acted. You had no right to yell at me like that.”

He scrubbed a hand over his face. “I fucked up. I wasn’t yelling at you because I was angry with you. I just wanted you out of there so you wouldn’t see me lose my shit and give the arsehole a proper beating. I didn’t want you to see me like that.”

He hadn’t been angry with her? “But you looked furious. And the way you spoke to me. I-I thought…”

He shook his head. “I’m sorry that’s what you thought. I didn’t know if he would get violent, so I wanted you as far away from him as possible. When I saw his hands on you, it took every ounce of my control not to knock his teeth down his gullet. It made me want to lose control and hurt him. Bad. That man is a piece of work.”

She clutched the blanket tighter, leaning back as far away as the couch would allow and sniffled deep. “I thought you didn’t believe me.” She swiped at her nose with the back of her hand. “I’m not a liar, Lex.”

“I know. I swear I know that. I’m sorry. I wish I could explain. I saw him trying to hurt you and it was like my whole body seized. I wanted him dead,” he finished on a whisper.

Her body trembled.

“Abbie, why didn’t you just come in and get me when you saw them?” Frown lines marred the skin on his forehead.

You seemed busy. She swallowed the flare of jealousy. “Well, I didn’t really think. I just saw them and acted. He’s twice her size. I was worried he’d hurt her. I thought if he knew someone else was there and watching, he’d stop. I guess I was wrong.”

“That was dangerous. You can’t do things like that. You can get seriously hurt.”

He might have had a point, but she wasn’t letting it go. She glared at him. “I know. But I literally couldn’t stand by and watch and not do anything. I just kept thinking, what if—”

His voice lowered. “What if, what, Abbie?”

The tiny voice told her to shut the hell up. To not spill the nightmare that kept her up most nights. “Nothing.”

He took her hand in his, but she pulled it back. “Tell me, please. I want to understand. What if, what?”

She shook her head, unable to put voice to the pain she carried around. “Nothing, Alexi. Let it go.”

He shook his head. “No. If we’re going to do this, I want to know what’s scaring you. What aren’t you telling me? Whatever it is, I can take it.”

Her lungs constricted, and she thought they would explode if she didn’t just breathe and get it out. “I kept thinking what if someone had seen Evan with his hands on me. Could it have made a difference? Would it have stopped him from hurting me?” With the gates now open, she didn’t dare look at Lex. Instead, she dropped her head into her hands.

His voice was icy but barely audible when he spoke. “He hit you?”

She could only nod as sobs constricted her vocal cords. She could feel him nearly vibrating next to her.

“Is that why you’re so uncomfortable with touching?”

She wiped away the tears and forced herself to face him. If she could look at him now, maybe she was strong enough to face everything. “I-I don’t like surprise touches. Don’t really do hugging. I generally stay out of striking distance.” Abbie shook her head. “I’ve never told anyone but my mother before.”

“And she didn’t have him arrested?”

Abbie’s chuckle was harsh and mirthless. “She pretty much told me to suck it up. Told me how lucky I was that someone like Evan would want me. With his parents’ money and connections, I’d be set for life, if I could figure out how to keep him happy.”

“Fuck,” he muttered through clenched teeth. “I’m sorry, but I’m not a big fan of your mother’s.” He rubbed his jaw. “Wait, does he know where you are or how to find you?”

She shrugged. “He knows I’m in London. Not even my family knows exactly where to find me. But they have my number, and my mom gave it to him. I don’t know how the system works here. I’m more than a little worried he’ll show up to drag me home.”

Alexi hung his head. “Is the phone in Tamsin’s name?”

“No. Sophie’s. Why?”

“Well, most people port their numbers and take them with them. The system is so backward that it likely will have Sophie’s last known address attached to it. We can check on that.”

She shook. She’d hadn’t given any thought to Evan finding her. She should have taken more precautions. But then she reminded herself that the last time she’d seen him, he’d been on the business end of a knife. He wouldn’t likely underestimate her again. “I’ll need to check and change it if I can.”

“And every time I’ve seen you, I’ve given you no reason to not be afraid of me. I’ve practically mauled you every chance I’ve gotten.”

No. He couldn’t think that. “Alexi. Don’t. You’re the first man I haven’t been afraid of in six years.”

“Don’t do that, Abbie. Don’t gloss over how I’ve treated you. I knew something was up, but I pushed you too fast. Any time we’ve been alone, I’ve put my hands all over you. Jesus, I’m a prick.”

She put a hand on his knee. “Stop, Alexi.” The sound of his full name on her lips must have calmed him a little because the tension ebbed out of his shoulders. “From the moment you pulled me off the street, I’ve felt safe with you. In the thirty seconds I’d known you, my instincts told me I was safe with you. I knew you wouldn’t hurt me.”

“God, Abbie, I wish I’d known. I’ve probably been freaking you out these last couple of weeks.”

“No. You’ve been opening my eyes.” And that was the truth. She didn’t have to live in a constant state of fear with him. It was easier than it ever had been with Evan. Even though there was a hazy edge to Alexi, she’d known from the beginning he would never hurt her. Physically anyway.

“Can I ask you a question?” He gazed at her through lowered lashes.

Now that her deepest darkest secret was out, she didn’t have anything left to hide. “Yeah, shoot.”

“How did you get the courage to break up with him? Men like that are dangerous.”

“Well, what I told you was the truth. When I found out he hid my acceptance letter from me, hid my dream from me, I snapped. It’s like someone splashed ice-water on me, and I finally woke up.” She tipped her chin up. “He hit me for the last time that night. I pulled a knife on him and told him to get the hell out.”

His eyes bugged. “You pulled a knife?”

A faint smile pulled at her lips. “Yeah, I can’t believe it either. London was the dream I had been holding onto, and if he’d had his way, I would have never gotten to realize it. He made me feel like I wasn’t deserving of it. That last time, as the pain ran through me and I could taste the blood in my mouth, I’d just had it. I knew if I stayed, he’d eventually really do some damage, so I turned on him with the knife I’d been using to cut the onions for lunch.” A nervous giggle escaped. “You should have seen the look on his face.”

“I can imagine. But, that was so dangerous. He could have really hurt you.”

Yes, he could have. But he’d already done enough to her. At the time she hadn’t been thinking about that. She’d only been thinking about getting him the hell away from her. “I suppose so. At any rate, I had the locks changed that night and packed. Told my sister to get movers for his stuff then rent my place out. And I ran here for a fresh start.”

Slowly, Lex scooted closer to her. He took care not to make any sudden moves but ever so slightly reach for her face, then stroked his thumb over her cheek. “Is it okay if I hold you for a minute? Your flatmates aren’t due back any time soon, are they?”

She turned her face into the caress. “It’s okay. Tamsin and Sophie are out of town for the weekend.”

He still didn’t move. “If I do anything to scare you, just tell me, okay?”

She nodded, and he gently drew her to him, tucking her against his chest. Together they lay there, and she let the sound of his heartbeat soothe her.

She wasn’t sure how long he held her before she had the courage to say, “I’m sorry I freaked out on you at the beginning of the party. Just seeing you two together, it was like seeing the picture that should be. I knew I didn’t belong.”

His fingers stroked her arms gently. “What do you mean?”

“I mean, look at you two. You fit. She’s beautiful and intelligent. And you two clearly grew up in the same circles. And I am none of those things. I can just see the disaster that would be our two families meeting. My crazy African relatives with their wild gesticulations, your very British and very reserved relatives. In my head, it’s total chaos. I know we don’t make very much sense together.”

He traced his knuckles over her cheek. “Gemma is my friend. Just a friend. I can’t think of anyone else but you. The way you laugh, the way you look at things with wonder, the way you taste. And as far as crazy family goes, don’t forget my drunken Russian relatives and the crazy Turkish ones. We fit, Abbie. I don’t want you thinking that we don’t.”

His seductive voice rolled over her, and she tried to hold fast, but his hand had transitioned from her cheek to the back of her neck, and he was massaging the knotted muscles there. Coaxing her toward him. “Alexi, I—”

“Abbie, I want to be here with you. More than I want anything else. But I don’t want to push too fast or too hard.”

She shook her head. “You’re not pushing me.”

He pulled her up for a kiss. The brush of his lips against hers was soft and gentle. Completely undemanding. Just pleasant with a hint of electricity.

She drew back a little to meet his gaze, like the night he’d first kissed her. But unlike that night, she went back for more, and she melded her mouth to his. She wanted this. Had since she’d met him. There were still some things to work out, but for once, she wasn’t going to overthink things to death.

Lex slid his tongue into her mouth and stroked hers. The syncopated rhythm had her blood boiling in seconds. He dragged her leg over his lap so she sat straddling him. The thick ridge of his erection melded against her hot core, and she moaned at the contact.

Oh, Jesus. Need and lust wove a heady blanket around them, leaving them completely oblivious to the surrounding world. The television became a distant memory as soon as his hand stole up her sweatshirt, closing around her breasts through her tank top. His thumb rolled over her nipple, and she shivered as she tried desperately to climb closer to him.

He dragged his lips from hers, and his breath came in ragged gulps. “Shit. Abbie. You are completely undoing me. I can’t think straight.”

Loving the heady feeling of making him lose control, Abbie worked her hips again, and Alexi cursed against her lips. Leveraging them both off the couch, he secured her legs around his waist, then muttered, “Where’s your bedroom?”

She stiffened momentarily. She wanted this. Wanted this with him. And this was Lex, he wasn’t going to hurt her. “Uhm, down the hall at the end.”

He nipped her lips playfully again. “You’re safe with me.”

Abbie slid her hands into his hair and tugged gently. “I want this to happen. I want to know what it feels like to lose control with you.”

He groaned and laid his forehead against hers. “You’re killing me. You’re not supposed to tell me that. Now I’m even less likely to behave myself.”

“I don’t think I want you to behave.”

His eyes flared, and his hands flexed on her ass. “Are you sure?”

She nodded. “Just once. I want to go after what I want. And you’re what I want.”

It took him seconds to get down to her room, and with a yank of her door, he had her deposited on her bed in even less time. He followed her down, leaning his body against hers. He nuzzled her neck first with his nose, then took quick, tiny, love bites. Abbie clutched him to her.

Lex sat back and studied her face. He drank in the sight of her. “Do you have any idea how beautiful you are?”

She quickly averted her gaze, and he tipped a finger under her chin to bring the attention back to him.

“I mean it.”

Lex traced the back of his fingertips against her cheek. Her eyelids fluttered closed as she waited for the kiss. When none came, she opened her eyes to catch him watching her. “What?”

He shook his head. “I’m just looking at you. I want to freeze this moment in time.”

When he kissed her, his mouth was soft, as if asking for permission. The tip of his tongue edged over her lips, and she parted them. In slow delicious licks, he explored her mouth, sliding his tongue against hers. Comingling their breaths. Devouring her.

He tugged her up on the bed and smoothed his hands over her arms until she raised them over her head. Slowly, he tugged off her sweatshirt, then her tank top leaving her in just her bra and sweatpants. For a long second, he stared at her. He traced his fingertips over the overflowing lace cups of her bra just as Abbie reached behind her back and unsnapped it. Her breasts spilled forward, and Alexi groaned.

His eyes darkened from silvery gray to slate. “I have been dreaming of your breasts and how they taste since the other night.”

Feeling a little self-conscious, Abbie hesitated before sliding the garment off her arms.

The moment she was free from the satin, Alexi reached for her and kissed her again as he slowly set her back on the bed. His hands traversed the bared flesh from her waist to just beneath the soft flesh of her exposed breasts.

Abbie wove her hands in his hair, luxuriating in the silky feel. His thumb traced the underside of her breast, and her breath caught. She lifted her hips off the bed, bringing her aching center in contact with his erection.

He groaned and squeezed his eyes shut. “I’m fairly certain that you’re going to kill me if you keep moving like that.”

Eager to test out his theory, Abbie rocked her hips again, and Lex cursed under his breath. “Shit, Abbie, I’m trying to go slow here.”

“How’s that working for you?” She rocked again.

He molded his hand to her breast and rubbed his thumb in a circle over her nipple. “It’s an exercise in control.” Between his thumb and forefinger, he rolled the tight bud and pinched it softly. Abbie’s hips bucked, and she cried out.

Lex nuzzled her breasts, kissing each one in turn. “How are you feeling? Still better than okay?”

Abbie smoothed her hands over the hard ridges on his shoulders. “Y-yes. Just surprised.”

“A good surprise or a bad surprise?”

“A good one,” she responded softly. She’d never been this vocal in bed before. A small part of her worried she was doing it wrong. “A very good one.”

“Excellent, let’s see if I can’t do that again.” He latched his lips around her nipple and drew deep. The thick ridge of his erection aligned with her hot center, and he sent charged electric pulses to her core as he took long pulls from her breast.

Abbie’s breathing was ragged as she called his name. “Alexi.”

“Mmmm?” He turned his attention, and his expert tongue, to her other nipple.

“You’re still dressed.”

He pulled back and stared at her heaving chest, seemingly mesmerized. Sitting back on his heels, he yanked his sweater over his back and off his head. Abbie sucked in a shuddering breath when she caught sight of the hard muscled abs underneath. Wow. The other night, it had been too dark to get the full effect. He looked like he’d been chiseled out of stone. Surprisingly, he also had several tattoos. Something that looked like writing on his ribs and wrapping around his back. And a Gemini tattoo over his heart. But there wasn’t much time to explore the beautiful man in front of her. Apparently he had other plans.

He caught her staring at him and smiled. “Come to think of it, you’re wearing too many clothes entirely.” His hands tucked into the waistband of her sweatpants and her panties, and he tugged them down, smoothing them over her legs.

Abbie jolted when she realized she was naked. The shocking vulnerability threatened to take hold, but she held it at bay by meeting his gaze directly. She could do this. She wanted this. He was so unbelievably sexy. And she’d already come to care about him more than she probably should, but she couldn’t help that.

Mimicking him, she said, “You’re still overdressed, Alexi.”

He chuckled. “Okay, you might have a point there.” Shifting off the bed, he yanked off his jeans and grabbed his wallet before discarding them. Abbie tried to meet his gaze but she couldn’t. Her eyes focused on his thick erection. She swallowed hard.

“Sweetheart, my eyes. They’re up here.”

Flushing, she dragged her gaze up to meet his. As if sensing her sudden hesitation, he kissed her again, slowly as if to tell her no pressure. What she’d wanted was a flash of heat and torn clothing. But he was giving her seduction. She was afraid of seduction. Afraid of wanting it. Afraid of needing it. “Alexi, I—”

He lifted his head. “You want me to stop?” His eyes pleaded with her to say no, but his set jaw told her he was prepared to.

“No. I just—I—” No matter what she tried, she couldn’t get the words out properly.

“Whatever it is, you can tell me.”

Abbie swallowed. “I don’t have much experience. I haven’t got a clue how to seduce or anything.”

The smile that spread across his face was possessive. “You’ve been seducing me with your eyes, your smile, and your lips since the moment I met you. I’m about to die because I want you so bad, and you want to pretend you haven’t got a clue how to seduce? Me thinks the lady wants to torture me some more.” He nipped at her shoulder.

She giggled. “I’m serious. I need you to take the lead.”

“And so I am. I want you so much I can’t think straight. I can’t focus. All I can think about most days is how you sound when you laugh. And how you taste. I can take the lead if you want, but don’t worry about seducing me. I’ve been seduced since we fell into that puddle.” He kissed her again. This time a little more demanding. Instead of teasing her tongue into mating with his, the kiss was authoritative. Skilled and demanding.

He shifted over her until he settled between her thighs, and she could feel the heat between them. His erection was mere inches from her slick core. One shift of her hips, and he’d be nudging her entrance.

Lex dragged his lips from hers and placed open-mouthed kisses along her jawline, the column of her throat, her collarbone. When he dipped to kiss her breasts again, she moaned just before his lips covered the pointed tip. With his other hand, he teased the other nipple until she whimpered. Releasing her nipple, Alexi continued the path of hot kisses down her stomach, past her belly button. He nipped at her hip bone, and she squirmed. Was he going to—

Oh. God. Yes.

Alexi settled between her thighs and gave her a long leisurely lick of her heated center. Abbie dug her hands into his hair. She felt him shiver, but he didn’t stop the long expert strokes of his tongue, except to occasionally pause and suck on her flesh.

Electricity singed every nerve ending as he continued to lap at her. Quivers began deep inside her womb, spreading throughout her body until she thought she would crack under the pressure.

Lex’s deft thumbs separated her flesh slowly. He slid a finger into her and murmured against her flesh. “C’mon sweetheart, come for me. I want you to come.”

Perhaps his permission was all she needed. Maybe the sensations were too much. Maybe he was too skilled with his tongue. Maybe she knew he was the only man who could ever make her come. Whatever the reason, she broke apart in his hands, shattering into a million pieces as her orgasm rolled through her.

“Alexi.”

He waited until she stopped shaking, then kissed the inside of her thighs and licked his way back up her body. He brushed his lips to hers briefly. “You are amazing. I’m dying to see that again.” Abbie flushed and looked away, but he turned her to face him. “You’re beautiful, always.”

Warmth bloomed in her chest and spread to each of her extremities. She was falling for him. There was no point in lying to herself. There was nowhere else in the world she would rather be.

She turned into him and kissed him, tasting herself on his tongue and pouring all the emotion she felt into it. He groaned into her mouth as she sucked on his tongue. Feeling emboldened, Abbie trailed her hand down his chest. He drew in a ragged breath when she found what she sought.

“Oh, fuck, Abbie.” His hips bucked, pushing his straining erection into her hand.

She trailed hot open-mouthed kisses along the column of his throat and relished in the feel of his stubble. When she found his nipple, his hips bucked again. With her thumb, she stroked the soft round head of his length, spreading the moisture that had leaked.

Hovering her lips over his erect nipple, she whispered, “Is something wrong, Alexi?”

Something that sounded like a strangled moan tore from his chest, and he dug his hands into the sheets.

“I’ll take that as a no.” Abbie brushed her lips over his taut nipple, and she felt the shudder that rolled through his body. Carefully, still milking his erection, she grazed his nipple with her teeth.

He bucked again, digging a hand into her braids, gently tugging her head back. “I swear to God, Abbie, you have to stop. Right now. If you don’t, I’m not sure I’ll be able to—”

She ignored him, instead grazing his nipple and pumping his erection again.

Before she knew what was happening, she lay flat on her back and he had her hands locked above her head, restrained with one of his. His hold was gentle, if she’d wanted out of it, he would have let her go. And he kept most of his weight off of her, giving her space, showing her she could trust him with her body. “You’re a very naughty girl.”

Quickly, Alexi reached under the pillow and grabbed a condom. Rolling away, he sheathed himself before settling back between her thighs. He kissed her deep, and Abbie widened her legs to accommodate him. His erection nudged her, and she moaned as he rocked inside.

“Wow.” Alexi dropped his forehead her hers. He retreated an inch, then pressed forward again until he was fully seated inside her. “Abbie…” Her name on his lips sounded reverent.

Her gaze met his and immediately all her insecurities vanished. All her worries. None of it mattered anymore. In this moment, everything was perfect. She felt perfect.

The corners of his lips tipped into a lopsided smile as he retreated and sank back in. The need took her body again as he drove her higher and higher. Abbie clamped her legs around his hips, and he muttered curses under his breath. When she pulled him to her for a kiss, he growled low in his throat.

Abbie nipped his lower lip with her teeth, and he scooped his hands under her ass, lifting her hips to his. The new angle had him stroking a sensitive spot deep within, and she sobbed at the pleasure. Her toes curled as she held onto him. Only when she murmured his name on a sigh did he stroke into her a final time, then cry out her name on his climax.

* * *

Satiny heat slid across Lex’s body from chest to feet. He inhaled Abbie’s ginger and pumpkin shampoo. She smelled so good. She felt even better, warm and soft tucked into his side. Cranking an eye open, he took in his surroundings. Everything in the room was white. From the curtain hangings to the duvet to the wicker rocking chair in the corner. On the bureau were dozens of photos. And on the far wall, he recognized some of the photos he’d taken with Abbie.

Her deep, even breaths told him she was still out. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d actually slept with someone. The few times he’d tried always ended up with a disastrous nightmare.

But with Abbie, he’d actually been able to escape his nightmares. More like he passed out after exhausting himself. He hadn’t slept for more than two hours at a time in over a month. But with Abbie, all he’d dreamed about was her. Guilt pricked at his subconscious.

He had to deal with the Gemma situation. She’d encouraged him to go after Abbie at the party, still he had an obligation. But it was way past time for him to start living his life. Gemma would have to understand. And staying away from Abbie wasn’t going to happen. It was almost as if she’d dragged him into her gravitational orbit with her wit, strength, and beautiful smile.

He picked up one of her slim braids and inspected the woven strands of black and lighter brown pieces as they shimmered in the soft morning light. She shifted in his arms, grinding her hips into his crotch, forcing a hiss from him as his semi-hard dick sprang to attention.

As if they were heat seeking missiles, her hips scooted back into his, and he gnashed his teeth together, praying for control. She was so hot, so undeniably sexy without even trying.

What the hell had he gotten himself into? He wanted her more than he’d ever wanted anybody in his life. But if he wasn’t careful, he’d lose her. He had too many balls to juggle. The safest thing for him to do was to leave her alone. But he knew he couldn’t give her up. He wanted a thousand moments like this. Mostly because he was a selfish wanker.

She wiggled again. Lex continued to hold her and ignored the sweet agony. Fascinated by the contrast of his tanned hand and her smooth, gleaming, dark skin, he stared as his thumb drew lazy patterns on her shoulder. He could ignore it, just for the pleasure of holding her.

Ah, who the hell was he kidding? He was moments away from waking her when she wiggled again. He wanted her. Again. But he’d had her three times in the middle of the night.

His hand rested on her hip and reflexively contracted when she scooted her ass further into his groin. He groaned. “Jesus, Abbie, I’m only so much of a gentleman. You do that again, and I’m not going to be responsible for what happens.”

She giggled, and the sound was low and earthy, like she should do nothing but laugh all the time. “If you want to pretend later that I took advantage of you in your weakened and food-deprived state, then that’s okay.”

He grinned. “The authorities will eventually find me in here naked, half starved, tied to the bed, and horny, very horny.”

She turned in his arms. “Now we’re talking.”

The shy looks and tentative touches she’d given him the night before were replaced by bolder, more deliberate caresses. She was no longer timid, but a woman completely aware of her sexual effect on him. Her delicate fingers wrapped around his erection, and she purred. His brain short-circuited, and he moaned as he pushed the hard length of him into her hand. She slid her soft palm over the tip of his dick, and he shuddered. He could come right now. With no effort, she’d reduced him to a pile of hormones. A pile of hormones with no brain that would have completely forgone the basics of survival for sex.

“Alexi,” she whispered and kissed his chin.

Heavenly bliss radiated through his body, and all he could focus on was her voice and the way her soft hand worked him, bringing him closer and closer to the edge of oblivion. He’d wanted her for so long. Now that he had her, he couldn’t control himself. That was a dangerous and heady combination.

“Do we have any more condoms?”

His eyes fluttered open as his brain had a panicked start. Condoms. Damn. They’d used three last night. He only brought a pack of four. If he was staying the weekend, they’d need more. Lots more. “I only have one left.”

“Hmm, that is a problem. We can raid Tamsin’s chest, but more than one, and she’d probably notice. We’ll eventually have to go get some more.”

He shuddered as her hand slid down to the root, then back to the tip again. The pressure she used was exquisite. Last night, between lovemaking sessions, they’d spent hours exploring each other’s bodies. Touching, experimenting. In a few short hours she’d become an expert on how to drive him to the brink of madness.

Unable to take her teasing anymore, he snatched up his wallet, grabbed another condom and tore open the foil. He rolled away from her and quickly slid the condom on before rolling onto his back. “I see you like to tease me. You like the control.”

She smiled at him. “A little.”

“Then come here, love. Show me what it feels like to have you in complete control of my body.”

She levered a bare thigh over his waist and positioned herself over him. As she slid down over the length of him, he knew how much danger he was in. He was falling in love.

* * *

Abbie woke with a start to violent thrashing next to her. Quickly, she scrambled out of the way to avoid an arm.

“No, God, no, please stop. You’re hurting me, please.”

Abbie shook as her heart thundered. What the hell was he dreaming about to provoke such a violent reaction? “Lex,” she called out. “You’re okay, you’re having a bad dream.” She watched him carefully, but he still tossed in the bed, with his legs tangled in the sheets. “Lex, I need you to wake up.”

“Oh God, oh God, oh God, what did I do? What did I do? Everyone will know. What have I done?” His voice was tinny and raw, not like the man she knew, but more like a small child’s. Shit, what was it they said about waking someone one from a dream? Was she supposed to wake him or was she supposed to let it play out? Fuck her, she had no idea. But she sure as hell couldn’t leave him like this. He might hurt himself.

Scooting marginally closer to him, she called out again, “Alexi. Alexi, it’s me Abbie. I need you to wake up. It’s okay. You’re safe. I’m here, but you need to open your eyes now, okay?”

His head shook violently from side to side. “No, no, no, no, no. What have I done? What have I done?”

All right. That was enough. She had no idea what he was dreaming about, but she wasn’t going to watch any longer. With a hand on his shoulders, she shoved him…hard. “Alexi, wake up!”

He sat up with a jolt, eyes wide and panicked. He stared at her, blinked several times, then sagged into the pillows.

Abbie inched closer to him. “Are you okay?’

He cleared his throat. “Yeah. I’m fine.”

“Fine? I hardly call that fine.” She gestured to the tangled sheets around his legs along with his sweat-soaked T-shirt.

He scrubbed a hand over his face. “Sometimes I have nightmares. It’s fine.”

She frowned. That was no regular nightmare. “How long have you had them?”

He shrugged. “Since I was a kid. It’s no big deal. I’m sorry you had to wake up to that. I usually sleep alone.”

She tucked that bit of information away. Him sleeping alone was a very good thing. Although, that could also mean he kicked out his sexual conquests after the deed was done, which was bad, but she’d worry about that later. “I was really worried. How often do you have these nightmares?”

“It used to be only every once in a while with stress, then in the last couple of months, they’ve been coming more frequently. A couple of times a week. Sometimes more than once a night.”

“And you don’t know what they’re about or what’s triggered them?”

His eyes shifted away. “No. I’m sorry I woke you. Let me make you breakfast.”

She stiffened. She knew a dismissal when she heard one. He seemed so relaxed now. No, scratch that, more like resigned. “Look, you don’t have to talk about your nightmares with me, but don’t act like I’m crazy, okay? I’m only trying to help, but I guess talking about you isn’t part of the package.”

He quirked a brow. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

“I get it. You want me, but you don’t actually want to have to talk to me.”

“Shit, Abbie, it’s not like that.” He yanked his shirt up his back, then over his head.

She tried to focus on his eyes and his words, not his six-pack. “Then what is it like?”

“I don’t know why I have them, and I mostly just deal with them. Don’t be mad. Please. I’m not shutting you out. I’m not used to sleeping with anyone. So, I’m not used to anyone asking about them. If we’re going to be sleeping together, I need to figure out what triggers them so I don’t wake you or I stop having as many, but perhaps that’s something we can figure out later?”

Abbie bit her lip. Maybe he wasn’t ready to have this conversation, but they’d have to have it eventually. Just not today. “Okay. I can live with that.”

He immediately changed gears. “So how about I make you breakfast?”

* * *

An hour later, she smiled up at him. She could get used to this. Sexy shirtless Alexi, making her breakfast. It really should be a crime to have him walk around like this. If she didn’t have her camera in her hands, she’d be tempted to forget all about taking it slow with him.

He looked up from the sizzling sausage in the pan and gave her a devilish grin. “What are you staring at?”

“You.” She snapped a photo, oblivious to the light or the surroundings or the composition. She only wanted to capture him as he was. She held up her camera. “Do you mind?”

Something flashed in his eyes, but then he shook his head. “Not as long as you’re my photographer.”

She giggled. “This could get very dangerous, very quickly. There’s nothing sexier than a man cooking. Add to that he looks like you and he’s running around shirtless, and…”

He raised a dark eyebrow. “And what?”

Abbie grinned. “And you’d probably burn your sausage.”

Laughter burst out of him, and he tossed a dishtowel in her direction. “You have a dirty mouth, Abena Nartey.”

“You know, it’s weird, you are not the first person to ever tell me that.”

“Somehow, I had a feeling.” He cracked eggs into a bowl one-handed, and Abbie could only stare. Evan had never lifted a finger in the kitchen. Neither had her father, for that matter. Her mother had forced her and her sisters to watch her cook from the moment they could sit in the highchair, so they would eventually be able to make Okra stew, Kankye, and Oxtail, for their husbands.

He checked the fridge. “Do you have any mushrooms?”

“Oh, no. I’m allergic. EpiPen and everything.”

He winced. “Got it. No mushrooms in your omelet then. I’ll tuck that away for future reference. Is it bad? Like do you need the hospital or anything?”

“Not if I use my EpiPen right away. I usually just need to rest for a bit.”

“That’s pretty scary, Abbie.”

She shrugged. “It’s not so bad. Mushrooms are pretty easy to avoid.”

She studied him intently and snapped another photograph.

“You keep staring at me like that, and I’m likely to forget I promised to nourish you.”

“I can’t help it. You’re beautiful.”

His skin flushed, and she snapped another photo. Was he embarrassed? “This can’t be the first time someone has pointed out how good-looking you are.”

He shook his head slowly. “No, not the first time. But it’s the only time it’s come from someone who mattered or didn’t want anything from me.”

Abbie bit her lip. “Well, given last night, I want all kinds of things from you.”

He groaned. “Jesus, Abbie, you’re killing me. We actually have to leave the flat today, okay?”

“Why?”

He stalked toward her, then looped an arm around her waist and nearly crushed her camera between them as he kissed her. When he backed away, he ran his hands through his hair. “Because if I keep thinking about the fact that I have you here to myself, those pictures you’re taking will get a whole lot more naughty.”

“And that’s a bad thing?” What was wrong with her? She was never this open with anyone. Sexual banter wasn’t exactly something she did. With Lex, it came naturally, easily.

Alexi’s smile sobered as he leaned forward on the kitchen counter. “So what are we doing here, exactly?”

Abbie froze. “Wasn’t that supposed to be my line?”

“When I want to know the answer to something, I ask.”

Abbie used her camera like a shield. This was not a conversation she’d mentally prepared for. “I’m not exactly sure.”

He nodded. “Okay, then let me be blunt. I’m falling hard for you. I know it’s soon. I know you are just coming off something, but I want you to be aware. You can take your time to figure things out. I’m not going anywhere.”

He was falling for her? She shook her head, trying to right the fantasy. But all she saw was this half naked, sexy, god of a man standing in her kitchen, making her breakfast. Everything inside her wanted to say yes. God, yes. That she wanted to be with him. But she didn’t have a clue how.

“Alexi, I want you.” She licked her lips nervously. “You’re like this fantasy come to life for me. I’m having a hard time believing this is real. That you exist. That you want me. I—is it okay if I go a little slow? I’ve had crappy instincts for years. I want to be able to trust them again before I jump in with both feet.”

Alexi turned down the stove then flipped the omelet. Slowly, he sauntered over to her with a smile. “Like I said, we’ll take this as slow as you want. I can wait for you to figure out how to trust me.”

“It’s not that at all. I trust you. It’s me I don’t trust.”

“Hush.” He kissed her forehead. “It’s okay. Just know that I care about you. We can figure out the rest as we go.”

“You’re sure about that? Our friends, at least Sophie and Tamsin, will start dissecting you and us with a microscope and very sharp scalpel. Can we just keep this between us for now?”

He studied her, his face inscrutable for a long moment. “As long as I get to see you, and I get to be with you, I don’t care if you never tell them.”

As man lotteries went, she’d won the freakin’ jackpot. But she didn’t want him thinking she was trying to hide him. “I’ll tell them. I just need to sort through everything first.”

“Fair enough.” He nodded. “Actually, I’m thinking, why don’t we do something out of the ordinary.”

“Like what?”

“Have you been to Paris? We could catch the train, spend the night. Catch a flight back in the morning and I’d have you back before your class.”

Paris? He was kidding right? “You’re not serious.”

He shrugged. “Why not? I could use a trip out of town for a bit. And it is the most romantic city in the world. And I’d love to show you some of my favorite spots. What do you say?”

This was his version of going slow? Except, Paris. The longing to live a fuller, more adventurous life pulled at her. But reality crashed in. She couldn’t exactly afford Paris. If even for a night. “I wish I could, but funds are a little tight right now. I still don’t have a job so it’s not the best idea for me. But I would love to see Paris with you. I’ve never been.”

He chuckled. “Silly, beautiful girl. I’m asking you to go to Paris as my guest. Think of it as our first date. How long will it take you to pack?”

As first date ideas went, okay, that was kind of baller. But a niggle of unease tickled the nape of her neck. “Alexi, I love the imagination, but that’s too much. I can’t let you pay my way to Paris.”

“Why not?” His brow creased. “I owe you a proper first date. Where I take you out and we eat and we can explore.”

“And I don’t object to that. Or ultimately to Paris. I just object to you paying for it.”

“It’s not a big deal. I want to.”

And she wished that for once she could take the generosity and not think about it, but she couldn’t. “I’m sorry. It would make me feel funny. Like I’m being kept or something. I’d rather go somewhere on my own steam. Ya know?”

He nodded, but his frown remained. “It’s only money, Abbie. I don’t mind.”

“But I do. Maybe we can have fun in this city instead. There’s still so much I haven’t seen or explored.”

For a second it looked like he wanted to argue with her. But then his brow smoothed out and he kissed her softly. “Fine, have it your way. Now, go get a shower woman. Breakfast will be ready soon, then we’re going to go out and have some fun.”

“We could have fun—”

He laughed as he shook his head while waving a spatula in her direction. “We’re going to have fun outside, so I don’t lock you in this flat and torture both of us by taking my time with you over and over again until neither one of us can walk. Now go.”

He swatted her on the ass before turning back to his cooking sausage. She could get used to this feeling. Freedom and excitement and longing.





Chapter 25



Anywhere but here.

After a cozy holed-in weekend with Alexi, Abbie was not ready to get back to reality. In fact, she would have paid cash money to be anywhere else but class. A Russian Gulag, running the New York City Marathon in the dead of winter. Anywhere else.

But no.

After spending the rest of the day yesterday with Lex exploring St. Albans village and having late afternoon tea, and him stealing kisses like a love sick teenager, he’d taken her to campus and helped with her prints. She’d seen the photos then, so she knew what was coming.

She hadn’t had the good sense to get her pain over with early this time, so instead, she was last for critique. When Xander pulled up her images, she slunk down into her seat. She knew they weren’t great. She knew they were only pretty pictures with no depth. She’d managed to find one or two from the previous assignment that she’d dropped in there, but as a whole, the images were from that god-awful garden party. There was one of Lex thrown in that she’d taken in St. Albans. He’d been reaching out his hand to her before entering a church.

That photo was cheating though. That wasn’t love in his eyes, but it was a great photo. It was the only one in the bunch. She knew the rest were bad. She didn’t need anyone else to tell her they were.

Ilani, bless her, leaned over in her chair. “They’re not so bad. Really.”

But Abbie knew she was just saying it to be nice.

When Xander spoke, Abbie wished she could just run and hide. He met her gaze directly, and she couldn’t read anything in his stare.

“I’m going to open up the floor for your thoughts on Abbie’s photos this week.”

Shit. Her friends were going to rip her a new one. No matter that she took care with their feelings for each of their critiques. They had no loyalty to her. They only cared about scoring points with Xander.

One person said, “Flat.”

Another called out, “Boring.”

One even asked, “Did Abbie do these? Last week’s were so good. These are just…” His voice trailed off.

Ilani tried to come to her defense. “C’mon guys. They’re not that bad. They just need a little oomph. I mean there are those ones with the kid krumpers and the one with the hot guy at the end. That captured the essence of the assignment.”

Xander glared at Ilani, and she immediately shut up, sliding Abbie an apologetic glance. And so it went for the rest of ten minutes. For Abbie’s part, she took it like a woman. Chin up, back straight. Well, as much as she could straighten her back while trying to crawl under her desk and hide.

At the end of class, she’d never been so relieved in her life. Ilani handed her her scarf. “C’mon. Let’s go get you a drink. I think you could use it.”

“Not so fast, Miss Bruce. I need to speak to Abbie for a moment.”

Xander’s voice was neutral, but still Abbie’s heart hammered against her ribs. This couldn’t be good. Hell, it wasn’t like she’d had the worst review in the class. Roger’s critique had been far more scathing.

She slunk up to the table at the center of the small auditorium. “Yes, Xander?”

He folded his arms across his chest. “Do you want to tell me what’s going on?”

She swallowed. “I-I’m not sure—”

He interrupted. “Abbie, your photos are better than this. Even your portfolio you sent for admission was better than most of these. I know you’re capable of more, so why are you aiming for mediocrity?”

She rubbed her forehead. What the hell was she supposed to say? She certainly wasn’t going to make excuses for herself. “They’re not my best. I know I can do better.”

“Whatever’s distracting you, get rid of it. Even if it’s my brother. It’s compromising your work. I would hate to waste my time with you all term and have you not turn out how I expect. No more distractions.”

Damn. How the hell could this be her life? She wasn’t the one who got scolded by the teacher. She’d always prided herself on doing better than expected. Exceeding expectations was her special talent. And she’d failed. All because she’d been too caught up in Lex to do her job properly.

“I won’t let you down again.”

“Assure me. You have a promising career. I’d hate to see that thwarted.”

She nodded stiffly. “I understand.”

“You’re a better artist than this, Little Bird. I want to see your best from now on.”

Finally, as he released her from his reprimanding session, she trudged out of the class to find Ilani waiting for her.

“Well, how did it go?”

Abbie shook her head. “I’m far too sober to be able to talk about it yet.” She would have to make some changes if she wanted to survive another critique.





Chapter 26



Abbie didn’t really have the time to call home, but after the last few days, she needed something familiar. Something to steady her.

Tams called her from down the hall. “Abbie, get a move on. Max will be here to pick us up any minute.”

“I’ll be right there, Tamsin. I just need to make a quick call.” Calling home shouldn’t make her feel lightly nauseated. But it did. Though it wasn’t like she was calling her mother, who would in all likelihood, tell her to call Evan.

“Hello?” The moment, she heard her father’s lilting accent, a sense of calm washed over her. He’d always had that effect. He had a way of keeping her focused.

“Hi, Daddy.” It was hard to keep her voice from wavering, but she put in a good effort.

“Abena, is something wrong?”

“No. I uhm, hadn’t talked to you in a while, and wanted to hear your voice.”

There was a beat of silence. Maybe she’d made a mistake? Perhaps she should have called her sister Ama for reassurance.

“Well, now you hear it. Is everything well?”

Abbie wanted to laugh at their stilted conversation as she remembered why she usually spoke to her mother. “Yes, fine. Just, uhm fine.”

He cleared his throat. “You never were good at masking your emotions. You might as well just tell me.”

“I’m afraid you’ll just tell me to come home.”

Another beat of silence. “Abena, you’re an adult. I can’t make you do anything you don’t want to do. You made the decision to go. So you must want this enough. What’s troubling you?”

Exhausted, she exhaled and slumped her shoulders as she sank onto her bed. “I just, I had a bad critique, and it’s messing with me a little. I’m starting to wonder if you were right. If I should have gone to law school instead. My professor’s pissed. And I feel, I don’t know. Lost, I guess.”

The one thing she always appreciated about her father is he took his time to choose his words.

“Are you giving your all?”

“Of course I am, Dad.” Except she could have worked harder on the last one if she hadn’t been distracted by Lex drama.

“Are you sure?”

She already regretted this call. “I get it, Dad. I should be working harder. I understand.” Next time you’re wishing for a slice of home, Abbie, just don’t. She shouldn’t have called.

He sighed. “No. You misunderstand. Abena, you’ve always been the one who worried most about what your mother and I thought. You were always the most cautious. But when you see something you want, you go after it. I have always admired your tenacity. I don’t hear it in your voice now.”

He admired something about her? “I’ve never had a professor tell me they’re disappointed before. I’m used to being confident at least about this. I might be a mess everywhere else, but this…I’m supposed to know how to do this. And now I feel like I’m on loose footing. It scares me.”

“It should scare you.” He dropped his voice for emphasis. “But it should also invigorate you. You’re a Nartey. You fight. Do what challenges you. Don’t settle on doing what will get you the easy remarks from your professor. Do the things that are difficult for you.”

Tears pricked her eyes, and she rapidly blinked them away. He was right. Xander was right. She’d played it safe with the pictures from the party. She’d taken the easy way out. Her focus had been somewhere else. On Alexi. Maybe she’d been too focused on him. She’d sworn she wasn’t going to lose herself in another guy and already that was happening, like it had with Evan. The party had been a prime place to work on portraits like Xander said, and she’d blown it.

“I—I really don’t want to disappoint anyone. Least of all myself.”

His voice gentled. “The only way you can do that is to not push yourself. In all areas of your life.”

All areas. Was he talking about Evan? “Dad, I’m sorry to put you in the middle, but could you tell mom not to tell Evan what I’m up to anymore? It doesn’t help.”

“I can do that.” His voice went deeper, gruffer. “I’m glad you’re out there on your own. It’s a chance to get a different perspective and maybe meet some new people. People who will nourish you.” He was silent for a moment before he added, “I will make sure Evan and your mother do a better job of respecting your space.”

Her heart caught in her throat. Did he know about Evan? No. He couldn’t. But maybe he’d known she was unhappy all that time. “I—thanks, Daddy. I needed to hear that.”

“Good. Now send me a picture. One of your good ones. I have some empty wall space in my office.”

She laughed. “Could you be more specific? I have lots of good ones.”

“See, Abena? You sound better already.”

After hanging up with her father, she picked up the book Xander had given her and thumbed through it. The portraits were exquisite. Haunting, even. They were unlike anything she’d ever done before. But maybe it was time to try. She’d taken several of Alexi last weekend. Some of them might even work.

Warmth spread through her, just thinking about him. But she had to watch herself. Already her split focus had put her on shaky ground. If she wanted that position, it would mean spending more time with her camera and less in Alexi’s arms. Only problem was, she didn’t think she could stay away from him.

* * *

Dance music thrummed through Lex’s ears as he surveyed the crowd of Lace Nightclub. Judging by the waitresses’ outfits, leather and chains and not much else were an integral part of the uniform. So was lace, like the name suggested.

Leaning into Gemma and Nick, Lex shouted, “One of you want to remind me what I’m doing here again?”

Nick rolled his eyes. “Man, you can’t be a recluse all your life. You have to go out. Besides, we have reason to celebrate. Or haven’t you heard? We’re rich.”

Lex shook his head. “We were rich before. Just now, it’s with our own money.” And lots of it. Between the sale of their company and the additional boost from his trust fund, he would be richer than his father.

“Richer. Whatever. Still a reason to celebrate.”

“I’ll celebrate when I find a new CEO. Until then, I generally prefer to keep a low profile.”

“Whatever, mate. You can sit here with your girl and mope all you want. I’m going to go and find someone nice and dangerous to see if I can coax her into spanking me.”

Lex assessed the raven-haired beauty Nick stared at. “Something tells me it won’t take much to convince her.”

Nick grinned as he followed the wanna-be-dominatrix, and Lex could only laugh. “Remind me again why I’m friends with him?” he asked Gemma.

“Because, despite his many failings, he’s a good friend. I’m glad he can coax you out of the house when I can’t. I mean, what in the world have you been up to? I haven’t seen you in weeks. I’m starting to worry you’re depressed or something. You can’t just hide away from the world.”

He hadn’t exactly been hiding away. He’d just been spending every spare minute he could with Abbie, playing undercover couple. So far, no one had taken any notice of them. Riding public transport with her and doing normal people things like schlepping groceries, and hanging out in the public gardens, and seeing museums were a great way to go unnoticed. He’d never given it much thought before, but there was a way to avoid the limelight, and that was to not court it. Whether he liked it or not, club hopping with his friends made him a sitting target.

He’d been out with Abbie on her shooting expeditions, and so far, not one person had recognized him. Even the gossip-hungry teenagers they’d encountered at the Basingstoke Mall, where she’d wanted to hit up a boutique to get Tamsin a present for her upcoming birthday, hadn’t seemed to recognize him. And not like his disguise had been that good—a baseball cap pretty much sucked.

“I’m not depressed, Gem. I’ve just been busy.”

She studied him closely, her pale blue eyes assessing him. “Okay, what gives? There’s something different about you. You’re relaxed. For as long as I’ve known you, there’s always been this edginess to you. It’s still there, but you’re not as hard, I guess. Does that even make sense?”

Yeah, it made sense, but he wasn’t going to tell her the reason. “Not sure. I feel good though. Maybe I’ve finally started to get some sleep.”

“Or maybe you’re actually getting shagged regularly. Either way, I’m glad to hear it. You had me worried. Even Jacinda has been noticing that I’ve been distracted, worrying about you.”

“What exactly is going on there, anyway?” The way things were going with Abbie, he needed to do something about his and Gemma’s relationship. He didn’t want to keep hiding things from Abbie. If she ever found out, it wouldn’t turn out well. She’d said it herself, he barely opened up to her. She’d practically bared her soul to him, and he was still keeping secrets. The need to come clean made him twitchy.

Gemma shrugged, and her brightness suddenly turned somber. “Not sure. She’s fully out of the closet. Her parents, her friends, her colleagues. I’m so fully in the closet that I’ve got a Blahnik shoved up my ass. It’s taking a toll, and I’m not sure how long I can keep it casual.” She smoothed a hand over her hair. “What about your Yank? What’s happening with you two?”

He wasn’t sure how to answer. He wanted to keep Abbie to himself for just a little bit longer. “I’m not sure yet.”

“Be careful there. She makes you happy, so I’m happy for you, but it’s already complicated, and it pays to be careful.”

He knew what Gemma was trying to tell him. He just didn’t particularly feel like listening. He hadn’t been this happy in ages and he didn’t want anything dampening the euphoria. Even if it was temporary. “I am being careful. You do what you need to do and we’ll figure it out.” He didn’t want to push her too much.

Impatiently, he scanned the crowd. Apparently kink didn’t scare off the young, elite, and rich. The usual crowd he’d see at China White were all here trying too hard not to look desperately bored. Through the crowd, he spotted a flashbulb go off, and he stiffened.

Calm down, mate. Of course the club had hired photographers for the event. But he eyed the shutterbug again. Slight build. Dirty blond hair gelled up into spikes. Lex could have sworn he’d seen him before. The hairs on the back of his next stood at attention, but he couldn’t place the guy. He needed to calm down. The hiring staff would only hire reputable photographers. They knew that Nick and his friends required the utmost privacy. They wouldn’t hire anyone who had ever worked with the tabloids. But still, Lex couldn’t shake the feeling he’d seen the guy before. Maybe he was one of Xander’s students?

“Speaking of complications…” he muttered. He couldn’t have missed Abbie’s entrance with her friends, if he’d been trying.

Sophie squealed, and immediately a flock of women swarmed the models. One of the guys put his arm around Abbie, and Lex had the irrational urge to throw something. She’d texted to let him know she was coming. He’d been nearly humming and vibrating from the anticipation.

As always, she looked stunning. She’d worn her braids piled on top of her head in some kind of bun, with long dangling earrings showing off her slender neck.

Gemma glanced toward the entrance. “Given the electric sparks between you two across a room, I see where you’ve been spending all of your time lately.”

“Leave it, Gem.”

“Just saying be careful, is all.” She gathered up her purse. “I think I’ll go see what Nick’s up to.”

Lex didn’t even see which way she went, his attention was so focused on Abbie. And as if she felt his eyes on her, she immediately looked up.

When their gazes locked, need chased the elation through his veins. He’d only seen her yesterday, but any time he spent away from her felt like eons. But not like he could really complain. She’d had work to do for his brother. He tried not to think about what Xander had said about her. It didn’t matter what Xander thought. He couldn’t stop seeing her.

She climbed the stairs, her soft skirt swishing against her legs as she did. When she reached the landing, she fixed him with a smile. “Fancy meeting you here.” She looked around surreptitiously. “In a sex club.”

“Oh, is it a sex club? I hadn’t noticed.” He grinned. “Nick’s idea.”

“Ahh, he didn’t really strike me as the whips and chains kind of guy.” She shrugged.

For several moments, they stood facing each other, neither moving, forcing anyone who wanted access to the stairs to go around them. Finally, he angled his body a little closer to her to ask, “It’s one of his dad’s clubs. Do you want to go somewhere a little more private…to talk?”

Her eyes flashed. “Yeah.” She cleared her throat. “Talking seems like a really good idea, actually.”

He took her hand and led her through the throngs of the VIP section, past the dominatrix with her victim for the night, and past the sex viewing rooms. She held on tight to him as they passed.

“Are they having…”

“Yeah.” As much as he wanted to be with her, he hated having her here in the midst of all the kink that was going on. “Maybe we should leave the club?”

“I—No. It’s okay. We came as a group for Jasper’s gig tonight. Apparently there’s some big promoter here. Jasper’s hoping to get some representation tonight. We’re sort of supporting him. Everyone would notice if I left.”

“Right.” Jasper. Jasper might be his friend, but jealousy ate at him. He wanted her there to support him. Of course, he’d have to tell her something real about himself first. He found the private rooms, then after looking around to make sure no one paid them any attention, he dragged her inside. Dim red light illuminated the comfortable-looking couch and bed. Her eyes widened as she glanced around. “This is…cozy.”

He kissed her softly, and for a moment, all the tension ebbed out of his body. “I just wanted to be alone with you for two minutes before things get crazy out there and we don’t have a minute to talk all night.”

“No. It’s fine.” She placed a hand on his chest, and his heart hammered. “I’d rather get a minute with you, even if in a sex room. I wanted to talk to you about something.”

They’d spent a lot of time together over the last week, but they hadn’t been alone. Always out in public. Even the photo lab had been occupied when he’d gone to help her. The one night they’d made a date for her to go to his place, she’d had to do some school work for Xander and rescheduled. The prick of guilt stung as he thought of how badly her critique had gone. No matter what he said, he felt partly responsible for dragging her to that party.

“Okay, talk.” He kissed the crook of her neck and inhaled. Her perfume mixed with her unique scent drove him a little crazy. Making his head swim.

“Alexi, I can’t—” She moaned when he licked her. “Think when you’re doing that.”

“Okay, sorry.” He drew back. “What’s up?”

She blinked up at him and inhaled deeply. “I’m starting to worry we’re moving a little fast here.”

He stilled. What? “I don’t understand.”

“Have you noticed we’ve been spending every minute we can together?”

Something ominous and slimy squirmed in his gut. “I thought that was a good thing.”

“It is. And with you, I feel, well, it’s obvious how I can’t even breathe when I’m around you. But I feel like my focus is suffering.”

He swallowed hard. She was trying to leave him. “Are you calling this off?”

She frowned. “What? No. God, no! I’m so shit with this kind of thing. I just need to pay a little more attention to school and the apprentice position. Curtail seeing you to maybe once or twice a week. Let’s face it, I’m running out of reasons to why I’ve been out all day. And our friends are going to start to notice.”

“So, what do you want to do?”

“Maybe just pull back a little. I don’t want to give up how you make me feel. I love this feeling, but I came to London for a reason. And if I don’t focus on it, I’m going to miss the opportunity.”

Relief washed over him like a wave. As did panic. He was totally fucked. He was completely in love with her, and she was asking to pull back. Problem was, he’d give her whatever she wanted just to spend some time with her. Any time with her.

He kissed her forehead. “Whatever you need. I’m not going anywhere.” Sap.

Her brows furrowed. “You’re okay with this?”

“Of course.” He pulled her in and kissed her because he couldn’t bear not to. His tongue slid over hers in the familiar pattern, and his blood thickened. She responded by winding her hands into his hair and tugging him close. He’d been half hard from the moment she walked into the club, but now his erection throbbed insistently behind the fly of his jeans.

As his hands slipped under her shimmery top to feel the satin-smooth skin beneath, Abbie moaned into his mouth. His thumbs traced each rib, and she melted against him. Her breath caught when her belly came into contact with the thick length of him.

Fuck. Lex’s body kept screaming that there was a bed right here and she clearly wanted him. But they didn’t have time for this. Their friends would miss them.

Very deliberately, he placed his hands on her hips. He held her tight for several seconds, wanting to drag her closer and grind his dick into her to show her how much he wanted her. To hint that he knew just what that bed was for and had an idea where all the sex toys might be. Instead, he set her a foot away from him and his stiff erection.

They both dragged in gulps of air. Her eyes were cloudy and hooded as she blinked up at him. “Wh-why’d you stop?”

Lex tried desperately to clear his brain of lust and think clearly. “What?”

“Don’t stop.” She took a step toward him.

He stepped back. If he touched her again, he might not be able to stop himself. “Abbie, we’re not doing this here. As much as I want to be with you. I really don’t want a rushed quickie in a sex room.”

She nodded slowly and inched forward. “So, you still want me?”

He dragged his hands through his hair. “Jesus. I’m trying desperately to be the good guy. I’m trying very hard to not drag you into that bed and peel off your top to see if you’re wearing a bra over those pretty tits of yours. How can you ask if I still want you? I’ve been dreaming about you ever since last Sunday. It’s all I’ve been able to think about the last couple of weeks.”

She reached for him, unbuttoning his top button, then the next, and all the way down until his shirt hung open. When her fingertips brushed his skin, Lex squeezed his eyes shut, trying to manage the deluge of need. She was touching him like she needed him, like she would die if she didn’t have him. So what was his problem?

“Fuck it,” he muttered as he dragged her to him again, melding his lips with hers. He pushed his tongue inside her sweet warmth, desperate to taste her. Needing to know how much she wanted him.

She responded by sucking on his tongue, sliding hers so wet and so hot against his that his knees wobbled. When she pressed her body flush against his, he couldn’t think.

Lex lifted her so she straddled his hips, and he braced her against the wall. He was desperate to bury himself inside her, but he wasn’t going anywhere near that bed. She held onto his shoulders and locked her legs behind his back. Devouring her mouth, he slid his hands back up her torso until his thumbs skimmed across bare breast.

Lex dragged her mouth from hers. “Fuck, Abbie, I was kidding about the no bra thing.”

Her answering smile was feminine and powerful. “You like the look?”

“God, yes.” He hated the idea of any of the blokes she came with getting a peek down her blouse, but it was so sexy. He palmed both of her breasts, and she tossed her head back, baring her neck. Leaning over, he nipped then licked at a sensitive spot on the column of her throat before sucking on it gently, marking her as his.

His thumb and forefinger pinched her nipples, and she moaned his name while rocking her hips against him. “Lex, please…”

“I know what you need.” He placed open-mouthed kisses along her throat until he reached her lips again. He removed one hand from her breast and massaged the back of her neck as he kissed her.

He let her legs fall back to the floor and wedged a knee between her thighs. She moaned at the contact. He knew by now how close she was. Her little mewling sounds were a dead giveaway. “That’s it, Abbie. Help me make you feel good. Show me how you like it. Ride me. Move how you want.” He pinched her nipple again, and she screamed.

Lex lifted the soft material of her blouse, exposing her blackberry-tipped nipples. Unable to help himself, he lowered his head to one of the darkened buds. Right before wrapping his lips over the puckered tip, he whispered, “You are so beautiful.”

The moment he licked her, she trembled, then came apart in wild convulsions. Lex didn’t let up, sucking her nipple, drawing her in need. She rode his leg, and her thigh brushed his groin on every movement of her hips. Each movement was pure torture and he was certain he’d never sleep tonight.

“Oh, God, Lex.” Another orgasm rolled through her, and he watched in wonder. When she came, she was the picture of pure abandonment.

She laid her head against his shoulder, dragging in harsh breaths. When she finally spoke, she whispered, “One of these days, you’re going to need to let me reciprocate.”

He throbbed. He worried he might actually explode in his jeans. “It’s not about reciprocity, sweetheart. But, if you’re offering, then maybe—do you think you can come home with me? I want you to see my place.”

She brought her head back up to meet his gaze. Her fingertips brushed the length of his erection, and he nearly choked. “I want to. I’m not sure I can get away with that though. It’s sort of a girls’ night. And my class is meeting in the morning for an early shoot.”

He squeezed his eyes shut as all blood in his body flowed right out to his burning hard cock. With the last vestige of control, he nodded briskly. “Okay. But this weekend though. I want you in my bed.”

She sighed softly as he readjusted her clothes. “Done, but I’m issuing my formal protest. I don’t care where we are.”

“I do.” He forced himself away from her. “Let’s go back to your friends before one of them comes looking for you.”

“Fine, I’ll behave.”

With his hand on the door, Lex kissed her briefly. “I was thinking, how about instead of you just coming over, we go on an actual date. You know, where I take you to dinner, maybe a little dancing.”

She grinned. “Like a grown up date?”

“Yeah, let’s pretend to be grown up for a minute.” He swung her hand gently. “I want to show you off. No more sneaking off for a few minutes here and there.” He’d talk to Gemma. It was long past the time their charade ended.

Taking Abbie’s hand in his, he opened the door. Immediately, flashbulbs blinded him. Time slowed in that moment. The flash of the bulb hadn’t yet extinguished but he yanked Abbie back into the room and slammed the door.

“Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!”

She stumbled before righting herself on the bed. “Alexi, what the hell?”

Adrenaline coursed through his veins. He dragged his hands through his hair. “Shit., Abbie, I’m sorry. I’m so fucking sorry.”

Eyes wide, she blinked up at him. “For what?”

“The damn paparazzi. Shit. I fucked up.”

A frown furrowed her brow. “Seriously, Alexi, what’s going on? Why are you freaking out? Just tell me what—”

He couldn’t even process her questions. “We need to get the hell out of here. I’m going to open the door and I need you to shield your face. Can you take your hair down and duck your head?”

She stared up at him. “So you’re not planning to tell me what the hell is going on?”

“Abbie, I can’t right now. Please just trust me okay. I need to get you out of here. I’ll explain everything. Later.” Much later. Once he’d taken care of the fucking paparazzi and could think past the buzzing in his ears. “Please, I’m begging you.”

She stood smoothly. Reaching up to her hair, she removed an elastic and several pins so the braids shielded her face. “This good enough?”

Her eyes were wide and guarded. Pain sliced through him. He was losing her. He’d freaking blown it. “Yeah.” He took her hand and squeezed. “I’ll take you back to Sophie and Max, and I’ll take care of the arsehole with the camera.”

She tugged on her hand a little but he didn’t let her go.

“Alexi, we’re going to talk about this right?”

He worked his jaw. “We will. Just not now.” He had to fix this. Somehow.





Chapter 27



Shit storm didn’t cover the depth of the mess Alexi found himself in. His phone rang on the nightstand, and he peeled open gritty eyes to glare at it. Five in the morning. When he saw Gemma’s name, he cursed.

The moment he answered, it was clear she’d been crying. Through a round of muffled and choked tears, she whispered, “Fuck, I’m so sorry, Lex.”

“Hey, hey. You didn’t fuck up. I did. All of this is my fault. Unfortunately, I’m reaping what I sowed.”

“I’m so sorry, Lex. I saw her talking to that piece of slime, and I didn’t put two and two together until we left the club. I confronted her about it, and she denied it, but I don’t believe her.”

“What are you talking about, Gems?”

“Jacinda. She called the paparazzi. She’s the one who had the photos leaked.”

He sat up in bed, and his skull throbbed. “What the fuck?”

“God, I’m so sorry. I never thought she’d do something like this. To force my hand.”

Shit. Shit. Shit. What the hell was he supposed to do now? If the paparazzi thought they had a credible source, there was no getting in front of the story. “How bad is it?”

“It’s bad, Lex. Every other minute or so, I get a new notification on my Google alerts.”

He hung up with Gemma then lay back in his bed. “Fuck!” The curse came on the wing of a primal roar he swore would wake his neighbors. He’d had less than two months with Abbie before things had gone to shit.

By the time Nick called, any sliver of hope he held onto had evaporated. “Were you ever going to tell me, mate?”

Alexi bit out a curse. “Sorry, Nick. I didn’t exactly know what to say. ‘Hey, I’m falling in love with some American girl.’ It wasn’t supposed to happen, but it did.”

His friend was silent for a moment. “I don’t know how you could do this to Gemma. She’s a great girl.”

Lex walked over to his dresser and grabbed a pair of sweats. Since he was up, he might as well go for a run. “Yes. She is, but to be honest, she’s been more my friend than girlfriend or fiancée for a while. And she knew I was falling for Abbie.”

Alexi could picture the confused frown on Nick’s face. “I don’t understand. Gemma knew, and you guys didn’t break up?”

He wasn’t ready to go into the whole mess. Besides, he couldn’t. Not without outing Gemma, and he still had to protect her as best he could. “Look, it’s complicated. What I need to know is how this affects the sale. Toshino was clear they wanted no negative press. And with the Paparazzi sniffing around, do they know I’m your partner and CEO? If they find out, and Dad is tipped off, he’ll move heaven and earth to block that sale.”

“So far, I’ve heard nothing, but I’m on it. I’ll also try to get in front of it, if I can. I’ll call the lawyer next. What’s your next move?”

“Fuck, I don’t know. I’m caught between dealing with Abbie or trying to get in front of my father. If he’s heard, he’ll be furious and try to slap some restraints on me or something. He still can’t actually make me join him. But it’s going to be ugly.”

“Okay, then maybe it’s best you stay out of his way. I’ll do what I can on my end and let you know what happens.”

“Cheers, Nick.”

“Uh, Lex?”

“Yeah, mate?”

“Do you really love her?”

His stomach knotted at the word love and it doubled him over. “Yes.”

“Then I’m sorry this has turned into a cluster fuck. I hope she’ll listen to you.”

“You and me both.” She probably wouldn’t. But it was still early enough she might not have seen it yet. Even if she had, he had to try to explain.

His brother was the final call of the early morning. All Xander said was, “Well, at least I know I couldn’t have fucked everything up this bad.”

“Seriously? Alexander. I clearly don’t need this shit right now.” Quickly, Lex tugged on socks and his trainers. At least he could run out some of his frustration.

Xander was silent for a beat. “Do you think any of it will come up?”

Icicles formed in Lex’s veins. He hadn’t given any thought to what would happen with a media scandal. All the Chase family secrets would come crawling out of the darkened shadows. “I don’t know, Xan. I’ll call the lawyer and see about a gag order.”

“Let me do it.” Xander sighed. “You sound like shit.”

“Thanks for that.”

“Well, you do. Any word from the old man yet?”

“No, but I’m sure it’ll come. But something like this is beneath his concern unless he thought it tarnished him in some way.” Lex sighed. “I’m not sure how I fucked this all up so badly.”

“Well, that’ll teach you to snatch a woman right from under your brother’s nose.”

Lex ground his teeth. “She wasn’t yours, Xan.”

“I know. I couldn’t have her anyway. And let’s face it. I’m even more of a mess than you are. If it’s any consolation, I would have fucked this up even more spectacularly than you have.”

Lex’s heart squeezed. “I love her, Xander.”

“Then fucking fix it. If you managed to find a way to be truly happy, don’t let that shit go for anything.”

* * *

Abbie whacked her alarm as it cheerily buzzed. Peeling the duvet back, she checked the time. Six thirty. Her brain scrambled for any viable reason why she couldn’t possibly go on the shoot this morning. But when she found none, she forced herself into a sitting position.

She shouldn’t have gone out last night. Her brain automatically went to their hushed moments in that darkened room. The moments before he’d started acting like a crazy person. She shivered at the memory of how he’d driven her to the edge of crazy. Even as the memory sank in, her core softened and contracted at the thought of his lips teasing her. But the following imagery of what had happened after was like taking an ice water bath.

He’d deposited her back in VIP, whispered something to Max about taking her out through the back when they were ready to go. Then he’d practically run out of the place with Nick in tow.

There was a faint knock at her door.

“Yeah. Come in.”

“You up? It’s your mother.”

Abbie frowned. “Unfortunately.” She was not in the mood to deal with family hysterics so early in the morning.

Tamsin clomped in with her duvet wrapped around her and black bunny slippers on her feet. She plopped on Abbie’s bed dramatically as she handed her the phone.

“Mom, is everything okay? Dad, the girls?”

Her mother’s voice was crisp and cold. “No everything is not all right. We sent you to school. Decided to support your foolish attempts, and this is how you repay us?”

An icy fist slowly wrapped frozen fingers around her gut. “Mom, you’ll have to start from the beginning. I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

Her mother scoffed. “I find that hard to believe. What daughter of mine gets herself in a tabloid magazine and doesn’t think I’ll ever notice? I mean, you can’t get into a medical journal like your sister. You have to go and let it be something tawdry like OK magazine.”

OK, magazine? Now she knew her mother was really out of it. “Mom, have you been having mimosas again? You have to be famous to get into that magazine. And I am distinctly not famous.”

Tamsin patted her knee and then grabbed Abbie’s laptop from the desk. She quickly typed a search for Abbie’s name and OK magazine.

“Mom, I honestly have no idea what you’re talking about.”

“Stop lying, Abbie. And how could you do this to Evan? He loves you. Sometimes men just need to figure out what they want, and you go and do something like this to him. Something so public. Not to mention what you’re doing to that poor girl.”

Abbie and Tamsin watched in horror as page after page of results appeared on the laptop’s screen. There, in full color, was a photo of her kissing Lex that first night on the rooftop. Then there was the one of them leaving Brixton Gold, and finally one of them coming out of the sex room last night, looking flustered and well sated. The headline read “Britain’s Royal Billionaire Bachelor and His American Dalliance Break Fiancée’s Heart.”

Shitballs.

Tamsin stared at her.

Her mother’s voice sounded like it was coming from the other end of a very long tunnel. “Abena Nartey, are you listening to me?”

Abbie could barely get the strangled breath out. “Y-yes, Mom.”

“If you think this is how we behave, then I’m sorely disappointed. You’re to come home immediately.”

Surprise and annoyance edged to the surface. “You want me to what?”

“You heard me. Come home. This little trip down rebellion lane has lasted long enough. You’ll come home, and we’ll sort this out as a family.”

“But there’s nothing to sort out. I met a guy. We’ve sort of been seeing each other.” She slid a look at Tamsin and noted the tight set of her lips. “It’s not that big of a deal.” Except, their relationship was all over OK fucking magazine.

The room spun. Why were they in OK? Then she read the headline again. Royal? Fiancée? She sucked in a deep breath and tried to focus on what her mother was saying.

“Mom, I’m not coming home. Despite what you see, I’m actually thriving here. I’m getting to explore all kinds of things.” In the bedroom… “My course is going well.” Okay, so small fibs didn’t count. “I’m working hard like you’ve taught me to do all my life. Is this really about the fact that I’m in a magazine, or is this about the fact that you no longer control me?”

Her mother’s voice went up an octave. “Control? You think this is about control? We’ll see how you feel about control when we stop paying for school.”

Fuck. Sweat popped on her brow. “You would do that?”

Her mother sniffed. “We would be happy to pay for you to go to a school closer to home, or for you to go to law school, or medical school, but this, this frivolous thing has thrown you off track.”

Tears burned her eyes. “So you’re saying that you and Dad, that would be it, you would cut me off just for doing what I think is best for me?”

“It’s your choice, Abbie. But we’re not going to support you making poor decisions. Leaving Evan. Running off to London. Dating this piece of cheating scum. I don’t care if he is royalty. You’re nothing more than someone to be used and discarded. At least Evan loved you.”

Fury made Abbie’s voice tight. “Evan hit me, Mother. He hit me. That’s not love. If you actually cared about me and were less concerned with social standing, you’d see that he would have killed me eventually.”

She swallowed hard, not daring to look at Tamsin.

“If you do not come home immediately, you are drawing the line in the sand.”

Hot tears brimmed in her eyes. “I guess I have, because I am certainly not coming home.”

Her mother hung up on her.

Too shocked to move, Abbie sat starring at her wall of photos from home. So that was it. She was completely on her own.

Tamsin put a hand on her knee. “You and I are going to discuss your secrecy later. Much later. Right now, you need a hug and some reinforcements.”

Frozen with shock, Abbie let her friend drag her into a hug. Well, she’d wanted her freedom. Now she had it.

An hour later, she was getting the third degree.

“Shit, Abbie, when were you going to tell us?” Sophie had wasted no time. She’d barged into the front door five minutes after Abbie had gotten off the phone.

Abbie tucked her knees under her as she looked up at Sophie and Tamsin, both pacing the length of their living room. “I don’t know. Never maybe.”

Tamsin stamped her foot. “If there was ever a reason to not keep something secret. And I know you were going through stuff with Evan, but you should have told us. We never would have let you stay with him.”

Sophie nodded in agreement. “I mean we could have helped you.”

“I was ashamed and afraid. I believed him when he said no one else would want me. When he said it was my fault, he lost his temper. I was beyond anybody’s help. Even yours.” She shook her head. “But you know what? We’ll deal with my psycho ex later. I can’t deal with the dark and scary right now. Can we talk about how the fuck Alexi is a Royal? He’s just a guy.”

Sophie looked down. “I’m sorry, sweetie. It never even occurred to me to mention it. He’s one of the distant cousins. You would never know, though. He keeps things pretty private and sheltered.”

Abbie stared at her friend. “That would have been some good information to have.”

“Honestly, I didn’t know myself. Max dropped that tidbit on me the night of Lex’s party. I didn’t think it was important. How was I supposed to know you’d end up secretly dating him?” Annoyance slipped into Sophie’s voice.

“I’m sorry, guys, but honestly, I can’t take it today. You can yell tomorrow. Tonight, I have to figure out what the fuck I’m going to do. And while we’re on the what the fuck questions—he’s fucking engaged?”

Sophie winced. “I had heard that was a possibility. More like a rumor. Lex and Gemma have been together forever. Most people just assumed that if they weren’t already engaged, that it would only be a matter of time.”

Abbie’s stomach rolled. “But he told me they were just friends.”

Sophie and Tamsin glanced at each other. Sophie’s voice was soft when she finally spoke. “No, honey. They are absolutely together. Max confirmed it. I—I’m so sorry.”

She was going to be sick. All over Tamsin’s pretty hardwood floors. No. You are a survivor. You didn’t survive Evan just to have this asshole kill you. Focus.

Abbie shook her head. “Okay. I’ll deal with it later. Right now, priority number one is what the fuck I’m going to do about school? I’m fine for the rest of the term, but if I’m to stay here, I need to come up with cash quickly.”

“Obviously you need a job,” Tamsin squeaked, still miffed about not being included on the Lex secret.

“No shit, Tams. What do you think I’ve been trying to secure for the past month?”

Tamsin winced. “Okay, sorry. I’m sort of in uber bitch drive at the moment. Lex, that asshole Evan. I’m going to kill him when I see him, by the way.” She shook her head. “I wish you had told us.”

Abbie sighed. “I’m sorry for all of it. I thought I was doing the best thing. I’m a thousand times sorry for not telling you. But I honestly just needed time.”

Sophie sashayed over and plopped down on the settee next to her. “Okay. Now that we’ve established you’re sorry and that you won’t keep secrets from your besties anymore, and that we’ll obviously get the juicy details from you later, let’s work on the main issue.”

Abbie sighed. “You know anyone who wants to give me a job?”

Sophie shrugged. “I know lots of artists, darling. One of them has to be looking for a muse.”

Abbie’s heart sank. “I meant like a real paying job, Soph.”

Her friend nodded. “You’d be surprised. I was the muse for a fabulous painter last year, and I earned two thousand quid for the three weeks.”

As intriguing as that sounded, Abbie had a feeling that being a muse might require something that made her all kinds of uncomfortable. Like naked uncomfortable. Besides, she needed to depend on herself. Counting on others, no matter how well intentioned, was likely a bad call. It had already gotten her in trouble with school and with her family. “It’s okay. I’ll figure it out.”

Tamsin ran a hand through her hair. “Well I might be able to get you a job at the PR firm. You’ll likely just need a letter of recommendation.”

Abbie wanted to hug Tamsin for thinking of her, but she needed to be available to do her class assignments during most daylight hours, so a day job wasn’t going to work out well.

“Hello, sorry to harp, but can we get back to the larger problem of Lex and how you ended up in OK magazine?” Sophie interjected. “What are you going to do about him?”

Abbie’s stomach rolled. Oh yeah him. The liar. Why the hell was she surprised that he’d hidden some key details about himself? Just like Evan.

“He lied about who he was. About who he was going to marry. About everything. I have no idea who he is. All I know is that the sex is good.” Okay, not entirely true. She also knew that when she was with him, she felt truly alive. But that didn’t matter now.





Chapter 28



Abbie’s phone rang, and she popped her head out of the covers to glare at it. Sophie brought it over for her.

“Doesn’t say a name, only a number.”

“What’s the number?” Abbie grumbled.

Sophie rattled off the digits, and Abbie shook her head. “Nope, that’s Alexi.”

Sophie pressed ignore, then turned it off. “There that’s better. Safer if you don’t have to hear it ring.”

Tamsin brought some tea over and set it down on the coffee table. “I don’t know, guys. I mean, he’s a first class wanker, but perhaps she should hear him out.”

Sophie scowled. “Even if she does eventually decide to take him back, she can’t just talk to him right away. That looks desperate. She’s going to have to make him beg for it. It’s the only way he’ll learn.”

“Tams, I don’t get it. You had such a hard line with Evan.”

“That’s because I know how much you gave up with Evan. Don’t get me wrong. I liked the guy enough when you were together, and you seemed happy with him, but as time wore on, you were more like a shell of yourself. And now that I know what you were going through, I shudder to think of what you were really going through that I didn’t see.” She sighed. “But with Lex, you’ve been bubbly these last few weeks. Happy, despite all the crazy and the stress. Granted, I thought it was your hot professor, but all I’m saying is, you’ve been happy. When you’re happy, I can be lenient.”

“Yeah, well, I’m not happy anymore, am I?” Abbie grabbed a tissue and blew her nose, then dropped the tissue in the wastebasket the girls had left by the couch for her. “I mean, I thought I was falling for this guy.” She sat up, dragging the duvet around her so no part of her skin was exposed to the chilly air. “I’ve never felt as…combustive as I have with Alexi.”

“Ah, passion. There’s no real substitute for it, is there?” muttered Sophie. Her expression was contemplative. “I have to ask though, what do you really know about him besides how great he is in bed—which I want to hear all about by the way. He’s been friends with Max for years, but he’s really private. Beyond surface stuff, I haven’t ever gotten much.”

Tamsin frowned. “Sophie has a point. I hate to say it. I mean he’s hot, and I’m sure you guys have had your, erm, moments, but in that deep connection way, have you actually talked about anything real? Did he tell you anything about himself?”

Abbie’s head throbbed. She racked her brain, thinking back to their earlier conversations. They’d talked about his parents, his brother, about his dreams. But basic stuff, she didn’t know—like that he had a fiancée. Or where he worked exactly. Or what he did. Or what he spent his spare time doing. He’d mentioned parental angst, but again, had never gone into detail. Instead, he’d listened to her, prodding for more information about her. Shit. Sophie was right. She was in love with the way he made her feel. Not with the guy.

And while Abbie was in no mood for company, Tamsin and Sophie insisted. Granted, when Sophie had tried to pop out to the corner shop, she’d been met by a hoard of paparazzi on the front steps. They both declared that Abbie needed to stay somewhere calm until the storm blew over.

In just over an hour they had her safely ensconced in Max’s house, far away from the ringing home line and the buzzing of the door. Sophie had gone on a full reconnaissance mission, scouting down the street to make sure Lex wasn’t lurking, waiting to try to talk to Abbie. Abbie had tried to tell them he wouldn’t bother, but neither one listened as they shuffled her through the back door and into Sophie’s car.

Now as she sat huddled between Tamsin and Jasper, she watched the parade of model boys flit around the house in various stages of undress. Now she understood why Sophie was never in their flat. Hell, she never wanted to leave this magical land of hot men.

All the guys, Jasper especially, were surprisingly sweet. Oh, he still flirted, but he toned down his more outrageous tendencies. Though, his flirting made her feel somewhat normal.

Max was the consummate host. Told her to think of the house as hers. Whatever she needed, all she had to do was ask. Abbie felt like she’d been enveloped into a large rag-tag family. There were two new models renting rooms as well. Even though they didn’t know her, they went out of their way to make her comfortable.

When Jasper headed out that night, he told her to take his room as he wouldn’t be back till the morning.

“Oh, no, I couldn’t. The couch is fine.”

He laughed. “Look, the sheets are clean and it makes me smile thinking of you in my bed.”

She just rolled her eyes. Shameless. “No really.”

“I insist. You can sleep on the couch if you want, but honestly, the bed is more comfortable.”

“Okay, I’ll think about it.”

Sophie took Jasper’s spot, flanking her. “Honestly, Abbie, don’t beat yourself up over this. How were you supposed to know all this?”

“And he did like you. Does, like you,” Tamsin amended quickly.

“I’m not so sure about that. I just want to forget I ever met him. You see what they’re saying in the papers. That I broke up him and Gemma. That I’m the other woman. He did that to me. Humiliated me in public.”

Sophie nodded sympathetically. Tamsin nodded too, but her expression held a note of reservation.

“I still need to figure out what I’m going to do about a job. I’ve been searching the campus and still nothing. I’m going to need to take it off campus. Problem is, no part time job will really do the trick.

Angel trotted down the stairs. With his deeply tanned skin, sandy brown hair, bright green eyes, and killer angular face, not to mention ripped shirtless body, Abbie had no problem seeing why he was a model. There would probably be millions of women willing to pay to have him walk around their houses in various stages of undress.

When he spoke, his voice was heavily accented. He sounded Middle Eastern, maybe Israeli. “You’re a photographer, right?”

She nodded slowly. “Yeah.”

“Well, I need some of my headshots redone, as I’m looking for a new agency. Would you think about doing them?”

Abbie smiled. Taking some pictures might help keep her mind occupied. “Yeah, sure. When do you need them by?”

“End of next week would be great. I could pay you two hundred pounds. I’d planned to shell out a lot more for them, so now it’s a win win.”

She perked up. “Wait, you’d be paying me?”

He grinned, and she was so temporarily blinded by his sheer beauty that she could only stare, slack jawed.”

“Well yeah. Didn’t you just say you needed a job?”

“Yes, but—”

“Max said to give you whatever you wanted. You want a job, you have one. I’ll check with some of the other models I know. Some actors too. Everyone needs a good photographer.”

Abbie blinked at him. “How do you know I’m any good?”

He nodded toward Sophie. “Sophie brought home that one you’d taken in Brixton with the kids krumping. It’s pretty killer.” He shrugged. “Besides, it’s good karma to help out a beautiful girl. Just tell me anything else you need, and it’s yours.” His smile was just this side of interested and super sexy as he headed into the kitchen.

Something told her he was offering her more than just a job. But unfortunately, he didn’t do it for her. It didn’t matter how pretty he was.

After he vanished down the back stairs to the kitchen, she and Tamsin stared agog at Sophie.

“Did he just offer to sleep with you to make you feel better?” Tamsin squeaked.

Abbie stared after him. “I’m not sure.”

Sophie shrugged. “Couldn’t hurt. Best way to get over someone, and all that.”

Abbie shook her head. “Just what has Max told these guys to do for me?”

“Oh, I don’t think that had anything to do with Max, babes. I think he genuinely wants your body.”

Oh. Well. Then. “As pretty as he is to look at, I’m staying away from uber hot guys for a while. It’s probably safer that way.”





Chapter 29



Under the cover of night and away from Sophie’s judging eyes, Abbie climbed into bed with her phone. The good news was, she had a paying gig lined up. A decent, paying gig. She just needed more of those.

Max had gotten two new models in the house that night so the spare room she’d been sleeping in was occupied. She’d taken Jasper up on his offer and was frankly glad she did. His bed was soft, and the electric blanket chased the chill away.

The bad news was, she still had to face the outside world come tomorrow. She couldn’t very well ignore her assignment, which meant she’d have to head out into Soho tomorrow to capture street fashion. Maybe she could convince Sophie to go with her. Tamsin had to work. She could always ask Angel or somebody to tag along with them for the day and grab some shots of him, but when they weren’t working, the boys tended toward sloppy hipster chic with their skinny jeans and faded ironic T-shirts. But it wouldn’t hurt to ask. They also knew a load of female models, so that could make her assignment pretty easy.

With a deep breath and a silent prayer, she sat up under the blanket and turned on both of her phones. As she waited for the screens to light up, her breathing and her heart rate increased. Both phones immediately started to vibrate. Shit. Between the two, there were eleven missed calls and fifteen texts. Her hands shook as she checked the voicemails first.

Alexi.

“Jesus, shit. Abbie, I’m so sorry. I—”

She deleted it without listening to the rest of the message.

The next from her sister Akos. “Fuck, Abbie, what kind of mess have you gotten yourself into? I mean of all the moronic—”

Abbie deleted that one too.

The next one was from Ilani. “Oh, you dark horse, you. Look, I know it’s probably messy and all right now, but if you need to chat, I’m here. Call me.”

Abbie’s shoulders slumped. It was sweet of Ilani to call, but she wasn’t in the mood to deal with anyone. She’d just have to wait and see her at school.

The rest of the messages included one from her mother telling her she’d already pulled the funds for her second semester out of her bank and stating her disappointment. Silence from her father. So much for him admiring me. Two more from her sisters, and one from Evan, insisting that she call him right away.

Right. On to the texts.

She squeezed her eyes shut when her screen lit up, slowly opening one lid at a time. Alexi, Alexi…They were all Alexi.

“I’m sorry.”

“Please let me explain.”

“Please don’t shut me out.”

“I’m coming over.”

They were all a variation of the I-know-I-fucked-up-please-believe-me theme.

But she wasn’t going to do that any time soon. She couldn’t deal with him right now. Couldn’t deal with any of it. It wasn’t so much that he hadn’t told her who he was. But more about the way he’d gone about it. He’d had a million opportunities. He’d slept with her knowing he was deceiving her. Knowing she had no idea. She’d slept with a total stranger. One who had more secrets than anyone she’d ever met.

Tears stung Abbie’s eyes as she deleted all her text messages. How had she gotten it so wrong? He said he cared about her, but this wasn’t how you showed someone you cared. She’d fabricated all of that in her mind. She’d need time before she could deal with him.

She eventually drifted into fitful sleep. Tossing and turning, wishing that Alexi would call, then wishing he wouldn’t.

It was three in the morning when she heard Jasper and Max finally stumble home. They weren’t being too loud, but since she was up, she heard every footstep.

When Jasper opened the door to his room, she immediately sat up. “Hey. I’m sorry. You said I could sleep here so…” She cleared her throat. “Tams stayed the night, so she’s on the couch.”

Jasper just blinked at her like a kid on Christmas morning who couldn’t quite believe he’d gotten the gift he’d asked for. “Ahh, that would explain why the bundle on the couch didn’t slap me when I suggested I might snuggle in.”

He laughed when she rolled her eyes.

“It’s cool. I like you in here. Now my sheets are going to smell like you.”

Oh Jasper, always outrageous. She hated the weakness that made her consider staying, and she didn’t want to be alone, so she hesitated, but finally said, “I’ll grab a duvet and head to the media room to sleep on the recliners.”

Jasper halted her with a hand on her foot. “No, don’t.”

“But I’m in your bed. Where are you going to sleep?”

He grinned, and Abbie stammered. “O-oh, no, I don’t think that will work.”

“Look, we’ll just sleep okay? I can be a friend.” He smiled sheepishly. “Besides, I’m knackered. And you look like you could use a friend.”

She chewed her bottom lip. She didn’t particularly want to be alone, but she didn’t want to give him the wrong impression either. “Just friends. And you’ll keep your hands to yourself?”

Jasper put his hand over his heart. “I swear to be on my best behavior.”

She nodded.

After changing in the bathroom, he slid into the bed next to her. If she closed her eyes and snuggled into the cocoon of his warmth, she could pretend it was Alexi. Just to help her sleep…

Jasper kissed her shoulder and wrapped an arm around her waist, tugging her close to his body. Just as her eyes fluttered closed, he whispered, “But if you did want me to go down on you or something, I promise I’m willing and very good. I like to take my time with a woman’s body. You can pretend I’m anyone you want.”

She swatted the arm that wrapped around her waist. “Go to sleep, Jasper.”





Chapter 30



The following morning, Alexi’s head throbbed as Jasper, Angel, Nick, and Max all convened on the barge. He hadn’t gotten a wink of sleep, and he wasn’t in the mood for the mental beat down he was about to endure. And to make matters worse, Abbie hadn’t replied to a single one of his messages.

“Mate, what the fuck were you thinking?”

Lex glared at Max. He really didn’t need his friend taking the moral high ground with him. “Look, it wasn’t supposed to happen like that. The whole thing just got fucking messy, okay?”

“She’s a nice girl. You really should have left her alone.” Jasper’s voice was barely above a snarl.

“And what, left her for you?” Lex growled.

“Maybe.” Jasper stood to glare at him.

Nick stepped between the two of them. “Come on, you two. Are you really going to get in a row over some bird? Use your brains.” He turned his attention to Angel and Max. “A little help here?”

Angel shook his head. “I was just looking for a lift to the agency. I’m starting to think I should have taken the tube.”

Max shrugged. “I didn’t think I’d agree with Nick on this one, but he’s right. We’ve been mates for how long? Stop being mad for just a moment and use the brains God gave ya.”

Lex dragged in a breath. “I just want to know that she’s okay.”

“She’s fine,” Max said. “Well, as fine as she can be. Sophie’s got her holed up at the house, and she and Tamsin are pretty much circling her like mother hens.”

Lex breathed a sigh of relief. He hadn’t been able to reach her, which was to be expected, but he was worried that she wasn’t okay. And when he’d seen the paparazzi camped on her lawn, he’d really worried. “Okay good. At least she’s not all alone in her flat with the vultures circling.”

“Would there be any vultures, if it weren’t for you?” Jasper grumbled.

“No, I’ll admit, I cocked this whole thing up. But there were some extenuating circumstances I couldn’t avoid.”

“Oh, you mean like already having a fiancée?” Jasper made to stand again, but Nick shoved him back into his seat.

“Easy, both of you. Jas has a point though. What about Gem? Have you seen her, talked to her?”

Gemma was staying out of sight at Jacinda’s. She’d stayed with him a couple of nights, but then the press had gotten so ridiculous, she’d needed to escape. “I talked to her this morning. She’s fine.”

Nick frowned. “What do you mean fine?”

“I mean fine.” What the hell could he tell the three of them? That Gemma had seen it coming, that she’d apologized to him profusely again because she suspected Jacinda had gotten pissed enough about Gemma’s closeted status to call the press and force her hand? That his relationship with Gem had been a sham? He was sick of this shit. But he couldn’t really tell them with Angel here. “Look, Gemma and I have some logistics to work out, but we haven’t been really intimate for a long time.”

“I know, that’s what you said before. But why stay with her?” Nick asked, his brows furrowing.

Lex swiped his hair off his forehead. Habit sounded too callous. But it was the truth. Gemma probably hadn’t needed him to shield her for nearly so long, but he’d done it because he had no one in his life that he wanted to be single for. “It’s complicated.”

Nick shook his head. “You lot are a pair. When I talked to her this morning, she seemed more concerned about you and how you were handling things with the press than she did about your relationship.”

Lex nodded. “See, there you go, she’s fine.” He turned his attention to Angel, Max, and Jasper. “Now come on, do me a solid. I need to speak with Abbie, if I can.”

Max merely shook his head while Jasper muttered, “Fuck no. I look like a better option if you remain a fuck up. To the victor go the spoils and all that.”

Max slid a narrowed glance at his flat mate. “Jas, for once, give it a rest. He’s clearly already shattered.” Max turned his attention back to Lex. “Look, no can do. Sophie will kill me, and honestly Abbie looks like she needs a break. Maybe when she’s more settled.”

Lex scrubbed his face with his hands. How the hell was he going to fix this, if he couldn’t even talk to her?





Chapter 31



“Lex, I’m so sorry. I didn’t intend for this to happen.”

Lex shifted uncomfortably on the park bench. When Gemma had told him to meet her in Hyde Park, he’d been a little dubious, considering Jacinda and her penchant for calling paparazzi. “Gem, I know it’s not your fault. You wouldn’t have ever done something like this. You’re not responsible for her actions.”

“But you got hurt because I couldn’t be an adult and accept some things about who I am, so I feel terrible.”

He shook his head. “Still not your fault. She retaliated and that was uncalled for. Especially the way she did it.” He shoved his hands into his pockets to ward off some of the cold. “Look, I’m not telling you who to be with, but you should be with someone who doesn’t try to manipulate you into the outcome they want.”

She rubbed her nose. “Yeah, I know.”

“You’re far too smart for that and deserve better.”

“You know, you’re probably the safest, healthiest relationship I’ve ever had.”

Laughter bubbled up from his chest. “Then aren’t we a pair, because we are royally fucked up. This whole thing is fucked up.” He shook his head. “I thought I was doing you this favor, but I probably did more damage in the long run. As for me, I was just hiding from a real relationship. I’m as fucked up as Xander is with his string of women.”

She wrinkled her nose. “You’re nothing like Xander.”

A cold fist of ice wrapped around his gut. After the hell they’d gone through as kids, neither one of them had ever learned to fully trust anyone. And God knew how fucked up their love lives were. What would she think if she realized he was more like Xander than he could ever admit? Worse, what would Abbie say? “He’s my brother. He’s part of me and vice versa.”

“I wish you wouldn’t say that. You go through life separate from people and you’re secretive. You act like no one could ever love you, and I just hope you find someone who can, because you deserve it.”

He swallowed around the lump in his throat. I want Abbie. Yeah, well, no amount of wanting her was going to make her manifest in front of him. His only chance at a real human connection in the last five years, and he’d fucked it up. “Maybe one day.”

“I still think you should let me talk to her.”

“No dice, Gemma. It was my fuck up. You don’t have to clean up my mess for me.”

She narrowed her eyes. “You mean, like you’ve been cleaning up my messes for me? Without you, I might not have survived the last five years, and I’m well aware of it. You’ve been my rock, and you’ve kept me sane and made me feel loved. It’s the least I can do.”

“And I said no.”

She pursed her lips and turned to face the lawn. He knew that look, she was stewing. But let her stew. Abbie wanted to be left alone; he wouldn’t have his life intrude on hers. He cleared his throat. “So I guess we should officially do this then.”

She sniffled. “Yeah, it’s about that time.”

He took her hand out of habit, like he always did when he wanted to tell her something serious. “Gemma, I love you, but it’s time for us to break up.”





Chapter 32



It had been exactly three days, nine hours, and fifty-seven minutes since Abbie’s London life imploded. And now she had to deal with this shit. She scowled at the brunette beauty in the foyer. When Jasper had told her someone had come to see her, she expected Ilani. Not Gemma.

“If you’re here to shiv me, I think Lex already beat you to the punch.”

Gemma glanced around. “I’ve never actually been back here before. Max has tons of parties, but I never managed to accompany Lex to one.”

Abbie stood and raised an eyebrow. “Are we going to talk home and garden, or are you going to tell me what you’re doing out here? I know South London is a bit out of the way from posh Mayfair, or wherever it is you live.”

Gemma blew out a breath. “I’m not here to bother you, I swear.”

“Then you’re failing, because I’m bothered. I don’t want to listen to any more apologies from him. I’m done with listening to his voicemails and reading his emails and his personally delivered messages. There’s nothing he can say to make me forget what he did to me, humiliating me like that.”

Gemma blew out a breath then rocked back on her heels. “I’m actually to blame for it all. This had nothing to do with Lex.”

“I’m not sure what you’re talking about, but I don’t—I can’t…” She tried again and reined her emotions in. Her heart screamed that she needed to listen to Gemma, but her brain silenced the voice of dissent. “You and him and your screwed up relationship is none of my business. Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to go before more of your paparazzo friends see us talking and decide to splash me on some more magazines.”

“Look, I wasn’t followed. I just wanted to talk to you for a minute.”

Abbie crossed her arms. “You’re minute is ticking.”

“Wow, you’re tough. I can see why he likes you.”

She didn’t need Alexi’s fiancée patronizing her. “You’ve got forty-five seconds.”

“I’m a lesbian.”

Abbie shook her head to make sure she heard correctly. “Excuse me?”

“I’m a lesbian.”

Abbie still wasn’t sure she’d hear correctly. “Wow, I’m not an expert in coming out, but I get the impression this is a very awkward version of it.”

Gemma chuckled. “It’s the first time I’ve said it out loud since I first told Lex.”

What the hell was she supposed to say? There was no follow up to that, except, uh okay. “I’m not sure why I need to know this.”

“It’s important because, back in Uni, Lex agreed to be my sometimes boyfriend to keep my parents off my back. At first, it was just this thing we did when we were out. Next thing, it was like we were really going out, except for all the sex stuff. He has been protecting me for years. Keeping my secret.”

“This can’t be real.”

“It’s the truth, Abbie. My parents will disown me when I tell them, and I was terrified of being left without family or a support system, or I would have cut him loose years ago. Truth is, I used him. I knew I was being unfair and did it anyway. I needed him. I didn’t care that he only had these half relationships with women. That he never got close to anyone. I suspect there’s a reason he never wanted a relationship, but he’s never told me.”

Sucking in shaky breath, Abbie said, “I’m still not sure what I’m supposed to do with this information.”

“I don’t know, go be with him. However this is supposed to end in the romantic comedy. Girl gets the guy.”

“Look, Gemma, I appreciate you coming to talk to me, but that doesn’t change anything. He still lied to me.”

“Only to protect me. He didn’t want to betray my trust.”

“I know you see it that way, but he still lied. He never had to betray your trust. All he had to say was I have a fiancée. It was that simple. But he never said that. Not once. That’s why I’m still angry. Then he put me in the situation to get caught and have the paparazzo on my ass twenty-four-seven.”

“I concede that he might have lied, but he had a good reason. I’m really sorry you got caught in the crosshairs.” Gemma turned to leave, but halted and her smile was sad. “He’s my crutch. I secretly hoped one day I could love him the way I should. As if I could grow those feelings like a fungus. I wanted to love him. I just couldn’t.”

“Apparently controlling the heart isn’t an easy task,” Abbie muttered.





Chapter 33



By day seven of the media frenzy, Abbie was ready to climb the walls. She couldn’t stay hidden anymore and she had an assignment to complete. Besides, she also had a meeting with a graphics company who wanted to use some of her photos. So she couldn’t ignore potential income just because of a broken heart…or a hoard of paparazzi on the front steps.

As Abbie packed her camera bags, Sophie came in with her sad-and-concerned face plastered on. “Abbie, the press is still all over the flat and probably your school. I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to be running around on your own.”

Abbie rolled her eyes. “Look. I know. I’m fine. I’m going to wear a disguise while I’m out and about. But I’m in need of some serious alone time. You guys have been great and more gracious than I deserve, but honestly, it’s time.”

She held up the paper boy hat, sunglasses, and orange and red scarf. “Besides working will keep my mind off of things. And I want to do some more research on Xander’s past work. I want to get a better understanding of what he’s looking for from us when he gives us assignments. I don’t plan to ever fail again, so as much as I appreciate the concern, I don’t have time for another ‘Are you really okay’ conversation.”

Sophie raised her eyebrows. “Fine, but I wasn’t going to ask you if you were okay.”

Abbie cocked her head. “So then why did you come in here with the creased brow, worried eyes, and chewing on your bottom lip?”

Sophie laughed. “Okay, a little concerned.”

“And like I said, I’m fine. Well not exactly fine, but I’ll get there. Working will help.” She dragged on her olive green coat with the high collar. The paps might be up and about, but they’d have a hell of a time getting an easy shot of her.

Sophie frowned again. “Listen. I didn’t want to say anything in front of Tams, but about Lex, I think you should know—”

Abbie huffed out a breath. “Know what, that he’s an asshole? Check. That he’s a liar? Check. That I need to stay very far away from him? I promise you that’s the plan.”

Sophie chewed her lip again, then her features smoothed out. “You’re right. You’re a big girl.” She grabbed the kettle and started prepping tea. “Speaking of big girl, I heard Jasper come in late last night or early this morning rather. Where did he sleep?”

Abbie’s skin went hot and prickly. “Uh, he slept in his bed. Just slept.”

Sophie grinned. “Uh huh. You know that poor man has a serious crush on you.”

Oh, she knew. Especially after last night she knew. “You’re ridiculous. Nothing happened.”

“If you say so.”

Abbie laughed and slung her bag over her shoulder. The familiar weight of her equipment soothed her. Maybe, just maybe, the dark gray clouds of the whole week would start to lift.

She left Camberwell and hopped the bus to the west end. After several hours of pounding the pavement in Covent Garden and hitting up Oxford Street, somehow managing to refrain from buying anything, she hopped on the tube to school. No one seemed to recognize her. There was the occasional odd look in her direction, but given her complete stealth attire, they probably thought she was one of the East Enders actresses or something. Some school boy actually came up to her and asked if she’d been on the telly. Maybe she should opt for the undercover look more often. For all her covert movements, there wasn’t a single pap in sight. Maybe they’d gotten bored by now.

Once she got to campus, the tension rolled out of her shoulders. Here, nobody would give a shit who she was. Everyone was too busy working or studying to care. She rounded the building for the photography labs and froze.

“You know, you’re a very hard woman to get a hold of,” Alexi said as he pushed himself up from the stairs of the lab.

Abbie tamped down the joy that bubbled in her chest at the sight of him. Instead, she nurtured cold fury. “I don’t have time to talk to you right now, Alexi.”

“Abbie, please. Look, I know I fucked up, but please hear me out.”

She whirled on him. “Just what exactly am I supposed to hear out? The part about how you completely lied about who you were? Or how about the part where you had a freaking fiancée? Or maybe the part about when you said you cared about me and kept lying to me?”

A few students milled about and darted glances in their direction, so she snapped her jaw shut. Picking up her pace, she nearly ran for the printing lab.

He followed on her heels. “Look, it wasn’t like that. I really fell for you.”

“Oh, really? Then when the hell were you going to tell me who you were?”

His lips flattened. “Abbie, I was going to tell you. I just liked the idea of you not knowing who I was. I liked being normal with you.”

“Okay, then, how about this question. Just when were you planning on actually breaking up with Gemma?”

Again silence.

“It’s complicated, Abbie.”

“I’m not sure what you’re here to discuss, Lex,” Abbie said as she unlocked the door to the photo lab and the familiar smell of chemicals assailed her. She froze when she dropped her bag on the light table. It was difficult not to remember their first time in here, clawing at each other. Unable to keep their hands off one another.

“I should have told you.” His voice was soft, pained, and a little hoarse. “I opened my mouth a dozen times to tell you. But when I met you, you didn’t seem to have any idea who I was, and I liked that. To you, I was just some bloke you met in the street. I really wanted you to like me for me.”

She whirled on him. “I did like you. But that’s because I thought I was dealing with a real person. You’re not real. You’re this shinier version of the guy I was starting to fall for.”

He winced, but that didn’t stop her. All the anger and frustration and sadness from the last week bubbled up to the surface. “I don’t know anything about you. Though I suppose if I want to learn, I could just look it up on the Internet.”

“Abbie, I’m so sorry. I never intended for anything like this to happen.” He shoved his hands into his pockets.

“I’m a private person, Lex. I don’t need people poking around in my life. Do you know that the paparazzi were camped on my doorstep, waiting to ambush me? If it hadn’t been for Tamsin and Sophie, I’d still be a prisoner in my house.”

“I didn’t know I had paparazzi on my tail until you pulled back from that kiss, then I saw him in the shadows and I saw the flash of his camera.”

Her whole body deflated, and her shoulders sagged. “That’s why you got us out of there?”

He shoved his hand through his hair. “Yes. I didn’t want all that shit following us around. From the moment I rescued you from that car, I felt completely connected to you. I couldn’t believe my luck when you walked into my party. Then you started to talk to me. You were smart, and funny, and you had no idea who I was. You just thought I was me. I didn’t want who I was to break us. I have never been happier than that weekend we spent at your place. And the week after.”

Abbie straightened her back, even though she could feel her heart melting. “That still doesn’t account for the fact that I know nothing about you. But you know everything about me. You know what I’m afraid of? You know why I ran away from home, and you know what my dreams are. You won’t, or can’t, tell me any of those things about yourself.”

“I want to, Abbie, I want to. It’s just complicated. I can’t tell you everything.”

Even as her heart warmed, the tiny fissures started to tear again. He still wasn’t going to come clean. “Then we don’t have anything to talk about.”

“Abbie, all I’m asking from you is to cut me a little slack.” He sighed and let his head hang. “Gemma is not my fiancée obviously. At least not in the traditional sense of the word. We’ve been tossed together so often, but we’re no more than friends really.”

Abbie sighed. “She came to see me yesterday. She told me she’s a lesbian. Is that the truth?”

He shifted from foot to foot and looked like he wasn’t going to tell her, but then he pinched the bridge of his nose and started talking. “Gemma is a lesbian. I’m not sure if you noticed the blonde that was at my party, then at the club that night? She’s Gemma’s girlfriend, Jacinda.”

Hope bloomed quickly, rooting in her heart and refusing to let go. “She’s seriously gay?”

He sighed. “Yes. We’ve been pretending to be together for years. Mostly for appearances and her parents. When they find out the truth, they’ll cut her off.”

“So you lied for her.”

He leveled a gaze at Abbie. “Yes.”

A million questions swirled in her mind, forming a tornado that threatened to short out her brain. “Wait, what happens when you want to date someone?”

“I never met anyone I wanted to be with until I met you. Until you, I’ve had a fling or two, but mostly a series of meaningless encounters.”

“And she just dates who she wants?”

“It’s all a little complicated, but yeah. Her father is a conservative arse. When he’s home, she stays with me or at a hotel. Most of the women she dates aren’t out of the closet yet. Or because of their careers they need to keep things private. Jacinda is different. She’s out and wants Gemma to be too.”

Too tired to think, Abbie sat down in one of the folding chairs by the printer. “She dates, and you don’t?”

“Honestly, it wasn’t a problem until two months ago. I could just float along. When I met you, my relationship with her started to feel like a noose. I didn’t want to do it anymore.”

“I wish you would have told me.”

“At the time, it wasn’t my secret to tell. I didn’t know how much trouble I was in with you until it was too late. I thought I could keep you at arm’s length. But I couldn’t. And I still had to protect her, but I didn’t want to lose you.”

“You were so busy protecting Gemma, you forgot to protect me.”

“Abbie, I was trying to protect you. I did everything I could do to find that photographer. You’re right. I have no idea how to love someone. I honestly didn’t think I was capable. Until that night on the roof. I wish I could fix this.”

She had to steel her heart against his words. Otherwise, she’d fall back into his arms. “You can’t fix it, Alexi. I have to fix my own life. Do you know my parents refuse to pay for school now?”

He paled, his normally tan skin going ashen. “Fuck. I’m so sorry, Abbie. Look it’s my fault, I can—”

Furious, she pointed a finger at him. “Don’t you dare offer to pay my way. I can do this on my own. I can just see the headlines now. Billionaire Sugar Daddy.”

He strode over to her, his mouth tight and his dark eyes intense as he kneeled at her feet. “I’m not a billionaire. At least not yet. Not until I come into my trust fund. None of it matters if I don’t have you, anyway. I don’t want to lose you.”

“I don’t know where we go from here.” Exhausted, Abbie slumped against the printer.

From his kneeling position, he pulled her into him, wrapping his arms around her rigid frame. “I want you in my life. I…” He inhaled deeply. “I need you in my life.”

He smelled so good. Minty and clean and fresh. It made her think of waking up in his arms with him nuzzling her neck. Like she’d found someone to love her and see her for her. “You can’t just say the words, Lex. I need you to be open with me.”

He pulled back slightly and met her gaze. “I promise. I’ll tie everything up. I can give you what you need. Just please give me a chance to not fuck up.”

It would be so easy to fall into him again, to just let him take care of her. But she wanted to stand on her own. She was falling for him, but after everything, she wasn’t sure if she could trust the feelings. “I.. I’m not sure.”

“Look, why don’t we go out on Friday? I’ll pick you up. You can ask me anything you want then. I’ll give you the complete truth.”

Abbie met his gaze. At the end of the day, she wanted him in a way she’d never wanted Evan. She craved him. But she would walk away if she had to. She wasn’t going to be that naive girl again.

“Just say yes.” He kissed her hands and held them tight. “I promise, I will not fuck this up. Just believe in me.”

And just like that, her heart broke in two. “Okay. Dinner. Then we’ll see.”

“I’ll take it.”





Chapter 34



At least things on the job front were looking up. Abbie was able to get Angel’s photos taken. Then Jasper asked her to take some promotional photos of him for DJing gigs. He was willing to pay her a thousand pounds.

She was on the verge of refusing, because she didn’t want charity gigs. But then she’d found out Xander charged ten thousand pounds for such work. Shoot, hadn’t Julia Roberts been offered less in Pretty Woman?

Angel also recommended Abbie to some of the new models in his agency. Max had come through, asking her to take real estate photos of some of his recently rehabbed houses that were up for sale.

But as loving as the model house was, she longed for the peace and relative quiet of Chiswick, so on Friday morning, she grabbed the rest of her things and headed back. By the time she got a ride back home and skirted the paparazzi hoard in front of the flat, she only had an hour and a half to get ready.

Luckily, Tamsin was there at the ready. “Your bathwater’s been drawn, and I picked out the top four date outfits with shoes and jewelry. Your perfumes have been narrowed down to two, and I made you something to eat, just in case you get preoccupied and don’t get to dinner right away.”

Abbie stared at her perfectly organized bed with clothes shoes jewelry. “How did you have time to do all this? Why did you do all this?”

Tamsin’s eyes watered. “I told Liam I snogged Angel, and he dumped me.”

“Oh, shit, wait. When did you kiss Angel?”

“A couple of nights ago, when you stayed in Jasper’s bed. We were up late and it just sort of happened. I told Liam, and he dumped me.”

“Tamsin, I’m sorry.” How had she missed her friend was hurting? Because you’ve been a self-involved little brat. “I’ve been a totally shit friend. I had no idea you were going through this. I should have been here.”

Tamsin shook her head. “No. I only told him today. I’ve been feeling rotten about it. I’m not sure why I even did it. Except that Angel was beautiful. And there. And so saucy. I just wondered what it would be like. Anyway. I’m not really ready to talk about it. Still too raw, so I kept myself busy today. I skived from work and decided to help you get ready.”

“Tams, I can’t possibly go now. You n—”

“If you even think about backing out, I will disown you, and you’ll be forced to move into the model house. And let’s face it, as pretty as they are, you know that world isn’t real. They are transient. You are going on this date. I’ve been waiting for a week for you to go on this date. Please let me live vicariously.”

An hour and fifteen minutes later, Abbie tried not to fidget as Tamsin did up the straps on the slinky sandals.

“There, stand up, let me look at you,” Tamsin said as she stood back and stared.

Abbie rose and went over to the mirror. “Wow.” Tamsin had pinned back her braids in the front, giving her a swoop bang, but had let the back go wild and free and tumble down her back. It did a great job of showcasing her eyes. Her mocha skin seemed to shimmer at all the highlight points: her cheekbones, forehead, chin. The dramatic cat eyes made her look like a movie star. Tamsin had gone for a neutral matte lipstick.

“Now listen, Abbie, the lipstick will hold. I layered and mixed the shades together, so no matter what you eat or drink it should stay put. But if you start making out, you’ll have to reapply. Those false lashes should also stay put at least three days, so when you wake up in his bed, you’ll still have a good smoky eye look going on. I also packed make up remover towelettes in your bag as well as a couple of condoms for the night.”

“Tams!” Abbie gave her a sharp look. “I will not be sleeping with him.”

Tamsin raised an eyebrow. “Let’s face it, honey. We are all capable of doing things we say we don’t want to or would never do. Just be prepared. Besides, he’ll answer all your questions tonight. It’ll finally be like it was meant to be. You guys all loved up and happy.”

Abbie dropped her gaze. “I meant to say this earlier, but I never properly said it. Thanks for all of this. Thank you for not judging me, not berating me for lying and stuff. Just thanks for the overall support. I appreciate it. You’ve been more like family to me than my own, and I wouldn’t have made it here without you. Tomorrow, you and I are going to have a good and proper sit down and talk about your situation with Liam and what the hell went wrong there. Okay?”

Tamsin gave her a sad smile, and her eyes shimmered, but she nodded. “Yeah, okay. Just as long as you promise that you won’t skip over any of the good parts with Lex.”

“Done.” Abbie seriously doubted there would be any good parts, but she wasn’t telling Tamsin that. Her friend had gone out of the way to have her look like a million dollars, including busting open a dress she hadn’t worn. Tams deserved to believe in the fairytale that life had momentarily become. She’d burst that bubble tomorrow.

Abbie did one more twirl in the mirror, enjoying the feel of the soft jersey material of the backless silver dress. It really was beautiful. From the front, it was more demure in a classic scoop neckline, but the back was the daring portion, being completely backless. The material started again just before the top of her ass. If she moved wrong, there’d be crack for the whole world to see.

The door buzzed, and her lungs froze. She didn’t remember to breathe again until Tamsin jumped up.

“I’ll get it. You should make an entrance.”

Abbie waited thirty seconds before going out to meet him. When he caught sight of her, Alexi stared. He swallowed, and she watched his Adam’s apple bob up and down.

“You look beautiful.”

Her skin flushed. She bit her tongue and murmured, “Thank you. Let me get my jacket and purse.”

When Abbie trotted into the living area, Tamsin fanned herself. “Wow. That man knows how to clean up. Hell, even scruffy, he’s pretty. Don’t forget. Tomorrow, I get to live vicariously.”

She grinned. “Okay, okay. You’re sure I look all right?”

“You’re perfect.”

They bumped fists, and Abbie tried for nonchalance as she went back into the foyer. “You ready?”

Lex nodded slowly then helped her put her coat on. “I hope you told Tamsin not to wait up. I have a full night planned.”

“Oh, do you now?” She smirked.

He squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head. “That’s not what I meant. I actually have a long date planned.”

“Sorry. I couldn’t resist teasing.”

He grinned. “Oh, don’t be. I also have high hopes.”

“So where are we going?”

“Well, I promised you a proper date out on the town, so that’s what we’re going to do. I’ve taken some precautions so we don’t have to deal with the paparazzi tonight, but just be aware anywhere that’s not private will be open season, so you’ll have to wait to jump my bones until later when we’re alone.”

“You’re incorrigible, you know that?”

“It’s the oddest thing. I feel like I’ve been told that before.”

She chewed the inside of her lip as she thought about the one thing that could ruin her night. She didn’t want to spoil the evening before they even got started, but she needed to know what she’d have to face tomorrow. “Will it cause problems for Gemma? I know they’ve been pretty relentless with her too, the news hounds.”

Abbie had seen the coverage on Sky One as the paparazzi had dogged Gemma coming out of the gym, asking what she thought of her boyfriend’s new paramour. She’d been more gracious than she had to be, stating that she didn’t own Mr. Chase, and who he chose to spend time with was none of her business.

“Gemma’s okay. She actually encouraged that I do this right and not take you to some pub. Not that I would have. But she said every woman deserves to be treated like a princess.”

“She’s nicer than I gave her credit for.” Abbie tucked a braid behind her ear.

“Yeah, Gem’s great. There’s a reason we’ve been friends for years. But she’s not the woman I’m into. Tonight, all my focus is on you and making you comfortable.”

She nodded. “Sorry. Just one more question, and we can let this go.”

“It’s okay, Abbie. Tonight, I have no secrets from you.” He took her through the back door that led into the garden. Through there, they escaped though the opposite garage, into the neighbor’s driveway. Tamsin had already spoken to them about starting to park her car there for the time being.

Lex led her out to the waiting silver BMW sports car and opened her door. She slid in and once again couldn’t get used to the plush interior. The soft leather immediately enveloped her in warmth. He’d heated the seats for her. She hated to admit it, but she could get used to this kind of treatment.

“So what happens with Gemma now?”

The engine purred, and he bypassed all the paparazzi with a small smile as he merged smoothly onto the M1. Abbie tried not to look out the window at the cars whizzing past. He drove like a demon from hell, but also in a controlled manner that said he knew exactly what he was doing.

“It will likely be in the papers either tomorrow or the next day that she’s come out as a lesbian. She’s telling her family tonight.”

Abbie winced. “I feel like the catalyst that pushed her into this. No one should have to do something like this until they’re ready.”

“It’s not your fault, Abbie. She knew this day was coming eventually. She and Jacinda have been getting closer, and Jacinda is out. She wants a full-on relationship. Plus, Gem and I have acted as each other’s crutches for so long it was time to sever that. Neither one of us could live a full life while we depended on the other like we did. She’s stronger than she thinks. But even if her parents won’t stand by her, she has me. As a friend, of course.”

“Of course. And what about you? I’m sure your parents were counting on an Alexi and Gemma union.”

“Well, I’ve been telling the old man for years that I wasn’t going to marry her. He just chose not to listen. My mother, on the other hand, knew something was off. I think she thought I was the one who was gay. She’s always asking me if I have passion in my life. It’s really awkward.”

Abbie covered her mouth with her hand. “Oh no. She doesn’t.”

“She stopped asking the day we hung out in Brixton. She knew I’d met someone. I tell you she has a sixth sense about these things. She stopped thinking I was gay as soon as the pictures came out.”

Abbie blushed. “I’m mortified.”

He took his hand off the gear shift and patted her hand. “Don’t be. She’d love to meet you.”

Her eyes darted to his. “Uh, okay.”

He grinned. “You know. When it’s time.”

“Right.”

Lex cut off three cars to pull off the M1 and slid onto the surface streets of central London. His driving became even more haphazard, and she closed her eyes so she didn’t have to watch.

“Abbie, do you feel sick?”

She shook her head. “No. Your driving just scares me.”

Alexi chuckled. “Remind me not to take you to Italy or Germany then. I drive slow here in comparison.”

Her heart leapt at the idea of traveling together, but her brain tamped it down. Just because he no longer had a fiancée didn’t mean they’d be riding off into the sunset together. They still had a few things to work out.

Suddenly, Lex swerved into an alley and stopped the car.

Abbie looked around. “Are we hiding from paparazzi?”

He laughed as he shook his head. “No. This is the VIP entrance. I’d still like to keep tonight about us and not the side show, if I can.”

Out of nowhere, a tall Asian man in a dark suit appeared and opened her door for her. Abbie stepped out, and her breath caught as she stood next to him. He was huge. Not just tall, but also massively wide.

When he spoke, his voice was all polished Brit. “Good evening, Miss Nartey, Mr. Chase. I trust you’ll have a pleasant evening.”

Lex led her through the side door, and immediately the aroma of delicious food assailed her. Ginger and garlic were the first scents to make her mouth water. “Wow. I want whatever smells that good.”

“You’ll have to be more specific,” Lex said with a smile. “It all does.”

The hostess appeared in the candlelit hallway and led them to a private table. There were no other patrons in the room, but when Abbie leaned back, she could see into the main restaurant, and the place was packed. She also had a view to the street, and there was a small hoard of people waiting outside. “Where are we, exactly?”

“It’s this new Vietnamese fusion place call Pho. I know the owner, so I called in a favor.”

Once seated, she leaned forward. “I know it’s uncouth or whatever to ask this, but sometimes you just gotta know. Just how do you know all these people? And how many favors do they owe you?”

He laughed. “My mate, Andrew, from University is the owner. He spent a summer trekking through Vietnam and fell in love with the culture and the people. Eventually married a Vietnamese woman. They moved back here and opened the restaurant.”

“Wow. It’s a beautiful place. Is he your age?”

“No, he’s a little older. We used to play cricket together.”

Cricket. Right. She shifted uncomfortably at the thought of just how little she knew about him.

Waiters brought around tea, and Alexi ordered their drinks for them. Once drinks had arrived and their food orders were put in, he sat back and studied her, a slight crease forming in his forehead. “You have to tell me. Is this too much, not enough? I’m finding you very hard to read right now.”

She was hard to read? “Oh. No, it’s fantastic. Tamsin and Sophie had mentioned this place when they took me to Camberwell to hide me last weekend. We were looking to do a girls’ night, but they said it was impossible to get inside. So it’s really nice to be able to actually eat here. I’ll have to remember all the flavors so I can tell them. Sophie, of course, will insist that we try to recreate the meals. For someone who doesn’t cook, she’s really adventurous in the kitchen.”

He frowned slightly. “Your friends aren’t exactly fans of mine, are they?”

She hadn’t prepared for that question. “No, it’s not that. I think they were unhappy that I lied to them about who I was seeing, and they worry about me. Especially Sophie. But Tamsin is in your corner. Sophie will come around.”

He winced. “Abbie, about—”

The first course of hot soup arrived, and Abbie’s stomach grumbled as the aromas of ginger and onions hit her nostrils. “Wow, I didn’t realize I was so hungry. Tamsin kept trying to feed me before I left, since we weren’t sure where you were taking me for dinner.”

He laughed, and it softened the edginess in his gaze. “She thought I’d be starving you?”

“No. More like she thought we’d be going somewhere pretty, but where the food wasn’t very good, or the portion sizes would only be enough to feed a size zero anorexic model.”

He laughed. “Oh, no. I pay attention. I even made sure nothing has mushrooms in it. And I’ve seen you eat, remember?”

She flushed at the memory of the weekend they’d spent together and the way she’d devoured the breakfast he made her. “Yeah, I’d forgotten about that.”

“I remembered.”

Abbie met his gaze. Time to bite the bullet. If she didn’t do it now, she’d get caught up in the romance, and she still had questions she needed answered. “So last Sunday, you said you couldn’t tell me anything about what was going on with you for another week. Can you tell me now?”

He wiped his mouth with his napkin, then gently placed it back in his lap. Abbie couldn’t help but marvel at his impeccable table manners. Of course, he’d probably had a lifetime to learn all of the appropriate spoons and forks. All she’d really learned was to start on the outside and work her way inward.

He cleared his throat. “It all had to do with work, really.”

Her brows shot up. “So what is it you do you do, anyway? I don’t think you’ve actually told me.”

His smile was bright and warmed her. “Well, as of Monday, I will no longer be the owner of the Take Back The Night software application.”

“What happens on Monday? Are you leaving?”

His mouth tightened, but then he answered smoothly, “No. Final sale of my company goes through. Then I’ll just be the acting CEO until they can get someone else to fill my shoes.”

Her mouth fell open. “Wow. I had no idea.”

“How could you? I didn’t exactly tell you.” He took a sip of his scotch. “You weren’t supposed to have an idea. If anybody had a clue and leaked it, the deal would have been off. Hell, it’s still supposed to be a secret until Monday.”

“Why?”

“My father, for one. If he finds out about the deal, he’ll try for a hostile snatch of my company.”

She blinked, and her hand fluttered to her chest. “Wow. Is your relationship that contentious?”

“Yeah, you could say that. It’s always been like that. He prefers Xander. Xander fights less. You tell him to do something, and he nods and smiles then does what he likes. I fight more.” Lex shrugged.

He went silent as the waiters appeared to remove their soup bowls. Once they filled the table with heaping piles of dumplings, rice, and succulent smelling stews, they vanished and left the two of them alone again.

Only then did Alexi continue. “Mum is the one with the titles and the inherited wealth. Dad only got his wealth from leveraging Mum’s connections, name, and Gran-dad’s money. It works for him, and he pretends to love her. I stopped trying to figure out my parents or why my father sees me as the bane of his existence.”

“That must be hard.”

He shrugged. “No harder than having parents who don’t support you. At least I have my mum.”

“But you didn’t tell her about the job?”

He gave a sharp shake of his head. “No. She wouldn’t have meant to let anything slip, but it’s easy to not be paying attention and out comes something pivotal.”

“Must be lonely keeping so much to yourself. Do you have anyone to confide in?”

“Nick, Gem. Sometimes Xander.” He gazed at her through lowered lashes. “Now you.”

Abbie flushed. “I’m sure you have other people you can confide in besides me. There were three hundred people at your birthday party, for the love of God.”

Alexi shook his head, dislodging a dark lock to fall over his brow. “There are a lot of people who want the fun and the lifestyle. Who stand around wanting to be part of the entourage. I’d rather be on my own at my house, honestly. It sucks. I never know who I can trust or who just wants to be my friend because of who my cousins are or because of what they think I can do for them.”

Abbie’s heart broke for the loneliness he must have felt. “No wonder you didn’t tell me who you are.”

He winced. “I didn’t think you were like that. Pretty much after talking to you the first time, I knew you weren’t. I’ve just never had anybody close to me.”

Tears pricked her eyelids, and she blinked them away rapidly. “Thank you for telling me,” she murmured. “What happens now? After the sale of the company, and what does the company do, anyway?”

His eyes gleamed. “Well, Nick and I built software that connects all the elite clubs, restaurants, bars, and lounges in one place. Kind of a social calendar for the fabulous set. Then we expanded it to include certain VIP accesses that aren’t accessible to everyone. We worked out a deal with all the Club Membership places like China White, to allow temporary memberships for anyone we send them, for a cut, of course. And we keep it super exclusive. Anyone who wants access has to pay a pretty penny, and there’s only a set number of all-access passes. So for any given weekend, there will be two passes per club, or restaurant, or lounge or show, or something. It’s first come, first serve. Tonight, at midnight, for example, we’ll release all the availability for next week’s venues. Sometimes we crash the system with all the people trying to get on. We eventually expanded to concerts, and then included lower access things like events and restaurants.” The excitement was clear in his expression, the way he gesticulated with his hands. He loved what he did and was really proud.

Wow. In a million years she never would have thought of that. “That’s huge. I know lots of people who’d kill to get into the places you have access to. Hell, I’m a bit awed by it all. I wouldn’t want to do it on a constant basis, but they sure are fun.”

“Yeah, going out in London has proved to be a lucrative business.” He smiled ruefully. “Not bad for the kid who was never going to amount to much.”

“Maybe your father will surprise you. He should be proud.”

“Well, he won’t be.”

“I’m sorry,” she said softly.

“For what?”

How could she explain that even before she’d known about who he really was, she’d judged him? “For not seeing past the shine. I’m probably no better than the people you were talking about.”

He took her hand. “Well, you weren’t working on all the information, and you knew something was off.” He squeezed her hand. “I should have told you from the start.”

“I guess I understand why you didn’t.”

“I know it’s a lot to ask, but I’d like another chance. I feel terrible for how things turned out for you. I wish I’d just told you so you could have prepared or something.”

“It’s okay. It’s not like I would have done anything differently. I knew you were different the minute I laid eyes on you.” Abbie raked her teeth over her bottom lip.

A smile tugged at his lips. “Then let me help you out with school. It’s my fault your parents freaked out on you.”

She shook her head and took her hand back. “Alexi, no. I was serious when I said I needed to figure it out on my own.” And that was true. But why did she suddenly feel nauseous thinking about it.

His brow furrowed. “You have to accept help sometimes.”

She took a sip of water to cool her dry, itchy throat. “And I am. I actually have gotten a few photography gigs. A couple of the models that rent from Max have had me taking pictures for them. Jasper too. If I can keep it up, I can pay for school and my living expenses all by myself.”

His lips flattened. “You really won’t let me help?”

“Nope.” Abbie shook her head.

He shook his head. “I really wish you would.”

She inhaled deeply, praying for the lightheaded and hot feeling to dissipate. She refused to be sick on this date. Refused. “I know. And it’s sweet you want to. But no. Mom and Dad pulling the plug was maybe the thing I needed. If they hadn’t yanked my world out from under me, I would forever be beholden. Right now, I’m sort of free. I don’t have to take any bullshit. I’m not obligated to listen, and there won’t be any guilt when I don’t.” She paused. “Or at least not much.” The skin on her arms prickled with a flash of heat and she swallowed hard.

He nodded. “I understand the need to be free.” Lex took a sip of his drink and slid his hand across the table to take hers. “Abbie. There’s something I wanted to talk to you about.”

Lex’s eyes were so serious and his voice was grave. She tried to focus on his voice, but the scratchy feeling at the back of her throat distracted her. “What is it?”

“I don’t know how to say this, so I’ll just—” He paused. Studying her, he frowned. “Abbie, are you okay?”

“Uhm fine. It’s just a little hot in here. My throat’s a bit scratchy, but it’s nothing. What do you want to say?”

He narrowed his gaze and studied her closely. “Hell. I’m so sorry.”

“What are you talking about?”

“I think you’re having an allergic reaction.”

“Don’t be crazy. I’m fine. It’s just a little hot in here.”

His brows shot up. “Really, then why are your lips swelling?”





Chapter 35



Two hours after the dinner debacle, Alexi held Abbie close and watched her sleep. After using her EpiPen, she’d refused to go home. She’d also been livid that he insisted on paramedics coming to check her out.

But they’d told him the same thing she had. All she needed was rest. So he brought her home. To his bed. She’d been half asleep when they’d come in so he hadn’t even had a chance to show her his place properly. She’d changed into a T-shirt and climbed into his arms as if she’d been doing so for years.

Alexi held her tighter even as he cursed himself for being all kinds of an idiot. He’d called ahead and made sure none of the food had mushrooms in it, but he’d completely forgotten about the condiments and sauces. Stupid, stupid. She could have gotten really sick, thanks to him.

Abbie stirred in his arms. “You’re holding on pretty tight there.”

He only loosened his grip marginally. “Sorry. I was really worried about you.”

Abbie turned in his arms. “And I told you that you didn’t need to be.” She gestured to her face. “See, I’m already back to normal. I’m fine. It happens.”

“But it happened on my watch. I told you I’d called ahead and so you were less careful about what you were eating. I feel like an arse. I was trying to impress you.”

“Hey,” she reached up to cup his face, “All I wanted was you tonight. I didn’t need impressing.”

Abbie kissed him gently. Despite everything, his body went on instant alert. Ready to rock as if he’d been plugged into an electrical socket. “Abbie, you should be getting some rest.”

She met his gaze with a direct one of her own. “I’d rather make love to you, if you don’t mind. I’ve missed you.”

He dragged in a ragged breath. With shaking hands, he caressed her cheek. “I’ve been dreaming of having you here in my house, in my bed, since I rescued you from that Mini Cooper.”

She ducked her head. “Of course you would remember that. So embarrassing. Must happen to every single green Yank who shows up on your shores.”

Alexi tilted his finger under her chin and forced her to look at him. “Don’t be embarrassed. I fell for that girl who wanted to save her camera and yanked me down with her to save its life.”

Her smile was soft but warmed him from the inside out. “Well, a girl’s gotta eat.” Quietly, she added, “When you pulled me into your lap, I thought you Brit boys took chivalry to a whole new place.”

Alexi gently drew her into his body.

Abbie drew in a shuddering breath as she came into contact with his erection. “Alexi, I—”

He pulled back and kissed her temple, then whispered, “Shh, it’s okay. We don’t have to do this.”

Abbie shook her head. “I was going to say that I feel safe with you.”

She trusted him? After everything he’d put her through? Again he kissed her, his tongue sliding over hers. Exploring her mouth. She sucked on his tongue, and he shivered. Abbie laced her hands through his hair and lightly scored her nails into his scalp. A shudder racked his body. His erection throbbed against her belly, and she smiled against his lips.

“Jesus, Abbie.”

* * *

Abbie sat up in bed. With one hand, she reached between her and Alexi and started unbuttoning his shirt. One by one, the tiny silver buttons slipped from their loops, revealing tanned skin and muscles beneath. She’d seen him without his shirt on often enough to know just how hard those muscles were. Where tattoos lay hidden. She loved the Sanskrit etching on his ribs, but her favorite was the expansive eagle wings on his back. She loved how his muscles would ripple when she ran her fingertips over them.

Drawing back from the kiss, she tucked both hands into his shirt and pushed it off his shoulders. It fell to the ground without making a sound.

He reached for her and tugged his T-shirt off of her, leaving her bare.

She went for his trousers next, her trembling hand working on the buckle of his belt. All the while, his gaze burned on her intensely. Scorching her exposed flesh.

His hands lightly caressed her face, then traced a path down to her breasts. The backs of his fingertips just barely grazed her flesh. When they reached her nipples, he let the pad of his thumb trace over the puckered tips. When he circled the sensitive tips again, a moan tore from her throat as a stab of pleasure hit her deep in her center.

“You’re so responsive, Abbie. Just one touch, and you’re melting already.”

His pants followed his discarded shirt, and he stepped out of them. All that stood between them were his boxer briefs and the slip of her barely there satin panties. Abbie curled into his embrace once more and kissed his chest. His muscles bunched, and his chest vibrated with a low rumble when she flicked her tongue over his nipple.

“A-Abbie…” His breath was ragged and raw.

Tentatively, as she kissed her way across his chest, she slid a hand down his body, over each rippled ab, down to his straining erection. Lightly, her fingertips explored the rigid length through his shorts. His hands froze in her hair, but he didn’t stop her.

More emboldened, she slipped her hand into the waistband of his shorts then wrapped her fingers around his girth and lightly tested the weight of him. With the contact of flesh on flesh, he shuddered, then hissed, and his grip on her braids tightened. She stroked him, slowly running her thumb over the tip of his erection and his hips bucked. She smiled up at him and stroked him again.

His jaw clenched, and a vivid curse tore out through gnashed teeth. She immediately stilled, and a whimper escaped his lips.

“God, Abbie. You feel so goooood.” His voice was hoarse, raw.

She wrapped her hand around him once more, and he hissed. This time she brought her free hand to his chest and explored the smooth skin of his nipple with her thumb, just as he’d done to her.

His eyes drifted closed, and he moaned deep and low as she explored. His nipple puckered just like hers did when he’d touched her. Alexi dropped his forehead to hers and whispered, “You feel so good. But I need you to stop.”

She stilled immediately. “I thought you liked—”

He chuckled harshly. “God, yes. I like it. I’m just trying to slow us down before I lose total control here.”

“I think I’d like to see that.” She pumped again twice and smiled as his whole body shook. But when his gaze met hers, she knew he’d lost the battle for control.

* * *

Gently, Alexi slid his tongue over her lower lip and she parted her lips. For several minutes the only sound that pierced the silence in the room was their moans and muffled whispers.

Lex shifted their position so she lay propped against the pillows on the bed. “I’ve been missing you.”

A shy smile stole across her lips. “I missed you too.”

“I never meant to hurt you.”

She nodded. “I know.”

When he kissed her again, his tongue was possessive, staking a claim on her as his hands moved over her naked flesh. His thumbs traced each of her ribs before his hands travelled up and he traced over her nipples.

Abbie writhed beneath him and with each wiggle of her hips, the blood rushed louder in his head. And the whispers grew to a thunder. Take her. She’s yours. Take her. Make her yours. Don’t let go.

She blinked up at him, eyes wide. “Alexi, I know what I want. And it’s you. It’s always been you.”

He rolled off of her for a split second and snagged a condom from his bedside table. In less than a minute, he had it on and pulled her to him kissing her softly. “Abbie, you are incredible.”

As he slid into her warm depths, the words ‘I love you’ lingered on the edge of his consciousness like an ethereal dream he couldn’t catch. He rocked into her over and over again and she scored her nails on his back, calling his name on breathy little sighs. Even if he couldn’t grab hold of the words, he knew he couldn’t ever walk away from her.

He knew the moment she skyrocketed into orgasm because her body clamped onto him like a vice. Unable to withstand the pleasure that chased up his spine, he followed her into oblivion.

Holding her to him afterward, he kissed her temple. “I’ve wanted you here from the moment you danced with me that first night.”

Abbie giggled. “God, I was so nervous.”

“Why?”

“Have you seen you? And you could dance.” She lifted the sheet to look down his body. “I mean, what’s a girl to do?”

“I can think of a few things.” He laughed.

“You’re incorrigible.”

“Who me?” Lex kissed her softly, ignoring the prick of guilt. She was so happy, so relaxed. What would happen when he told her? He’d tried yesterday, but not hard enough. He needed to tell her. Soon. He’d tell her soon. But not quite yet. “So, what are you doing Sunday?”

She winced. “Ugh, I’m headed to campus. Xander’s helping me with some of my portrait work. I have a few things I want to show him before class on Monday. And I’d rather get his opinion before I print them all out. Why? What’s happening?”

“I want to take you to meet my mother.”

She sat up, dislodging the sheet covering her breasts. “What? Your mother?”

He did try to focus on her face, but her breasts were right in his face. He licked one nipple, and Abbie immediately melted, laying back on the bed.

“Yes, my mother. I want to show you off,” he whispered.

“Okay. I’ll come. But I have nothing to wear.”

“You can go like this, for all I care. As long as you’re by my side.”

“As if.” She chewed her lip. “What if she doesn’t like me? Approve or whatever.”

“She’ll l—” He clamped his mouth shut. He’d almost said his mother would love her almost as much as he did. He did love her, but before he told her that, he needed to tell her the truth. He’d wanted to do it tonight. But then she’d gotten sick. And now, he wanted to hold onto her for one more night before he might lose her for good. “She’ll think you’re perfect.”





Chapter 36



Abbie leaned into Alexi as he kissed her hard and long at her back door. He lingered over her lips and sighed. For once, the gray that blanketed London the majority of the time had parted to reveal some sunshine, and it backlit his beautiful face.

“I need to go before one of your neighbors sees me and calls the paparazzi.”

Abbie moaned. “You could come inside.” Through the sweats she wore and his jeans, she could feel the ridge of his arousal.

He dropped his forehead to hers. “Woman, you are insatiable. You’d think after last night and this morning, then the shower, I’d have tired you out by now.”

She grinned. She was exhausted, but it didn’t stop her from wanting him again. “What can I say? I can’t get enough.”

“Jesus, Abbie.” He kissed her nose. “I want to. Which is why I probably shouldn’t. You have work to do and a roommate to deconstruct with, and I have some work to do with Nick. But I will see you tomorrow, okay?”

She sighed. “Right. We can’t just avoid our lives entirely. I need to start putting out my resume too. The photography gigs are good. But I think I also need another job.”

His jaw tightened. “I’m trying really hard to respect your wishes, but it’s getting harder. I’m the reason you’re in this mess.”

She kissed him softly. “It’s not a mess. It’s me getting to live my life how I see fit. So, no. No rushing in and doing the prince charming bit. No pun intended.”

He grinned and kissed her once more before heading to his car.

Still a little lust drunk, Abbie tripped up the stairs and let herself in to her flat. Tamsin looked up expectantly with a wide smile on her face. Sophie was also home for once, but she didn’t seem nearly as enthused.

Abbie slid her shoes off in the hall before skipping into the living room.

“Someone’s in a good mood,” Sophie said quietly.

She couldn’t help grinning again.

“Wouldn’t you be in a good mood if you’d spent the night having one of London’s most eligible bachelors catering to your every sexual whim?” Tamsin gave Abbie a pointed look. “You, go shower, change, then come out and tell us all the sordid details. I want to know skill level, size, and dexterity, all of it. Don’t you dare leave anything out.”

Abbie giggled. “But I’m so tired. Can’t I just sit here and rest for a minute?” She’d had a shower at Alexi’s this morning, but she could use the change of clothes. Though his sweats were so worn in and soft, they felt like heaven.

“Yes, yes you may. And have a crumpet while you tease us with all your delicious sex having.”

Sophie passed over the tray of the crumpets and Abbie took one gratefully. When she took a bite, the sinful delight of warm jam melting on her tongue made her moan. She hadn’t realized just how hungry she was. She’d had some fruit at Alexi’s but she’d been so nervous and keyed up and on a lust-zoned high that she hadn’t eaten much.

She glanced at Tamsin. “So where do you want me to start?”

Tamsin rolled her eyes. “Start from the minute you left this flat.”

As she gave them a rundown of the night, Tamsin sat forward in her seat while Sophie sat back picking at her nail polish. Abbie understood Sophie was concerned for her, but she didn’t need to ruin her fun. “So yeah, then he brought me home just now.”

“When are you seeing him again?” Tamsin asked

“Well, he’s got some work to do today. He also wants to be around for Jasper’s photo shoot. He wasn’t too enthused to hear we’d slept together.”

Finally Sophie leaned forward. “Does he believe there’s something between you and Jasper? Is there something between you and Jasper?”

Abbie shook her head and rolled her eyes. “No. Not really, and no, not at all. In that order. Jasper’s just been a great friend.”

Sophie frowned then slouched back again. “If you say so.”

Abbie ignored her. “And he wants me to meet his mother tomorrow.”

Tamsin’s jaw dropped. “Are you serious? That’s huge. This is insane.”

Sophie frowned. “What are you going to wear?”

“No idea. But I can’t think about that right now. It’ll just make me too nervous.” She changed the subject. “So, Tams, you promised me spillage of your innermost when I got back. I’m back now. You want to tell us what happened with Liam?”

Tamsin groaned and covered her face with the pillow. “I’d rather talk about you and Sexy Lexi and lovely things. I don’t want to talk about how awful Dublin was.”

Abbie handed her a crumpet from the tray. “Here, eat for fortification. Then spill.”

Tamsin took a tentative bite before she finally said. “Dublin was awful. Horrible actually.”

“Honey, why didn’t you say anything?” Abbie asked.

“What happened?” Asked Sophie, back in friend mode.

Tamsin shrugged. “It’s not something I can put my finger on really. It wasn’t that different from any other trip I’ve had up there.” She tucked her blonde hair behind her ear. “Okay, look, when he’s down here, Liam is charming, more free. Fun. We go out, we talk. But when I went up there to see him, it was stilted. Awkward. He won’t even hold my hand in public. It’s pretty hard to talk about how we end the long distance thing when I can barely get him to say two words to me.”

Sophie frowned. “That’s bizarre. You guys are always so touchy feely. Most of the time it’s really embarrassing for other people.”

“I know, right?” Tamsin exclaimed.

“What do you think it could be?” Abbie asked as she tucked her feet underneath her. “Do you think he didn’t want you there?”

“Well I think he’s got some secret girlfriend or something up there, and I told him such.”

Sophie snorted. “Oh, Tams, you did not?”

“Oh, yes I did. I went full-on crazy girlfriend on him and accused him of having a whole other life.”

Abbie chewed her lip. “And how did that go?”

“He laughed me off and made me think I was losing my mind.”

Abbie patted her friend’s knee. “Oh, honey, I’m sure it’s not like that.”

“Well, it’s like something. The rest of the weekend was filled with this awkward silence.”

“I’m sorry,” Abbie muttered

“Yeah, anyway, so I came back, and then everything pretty much went tits up with you and Lex, and honestly I didn’t want to talk about it. I was hoping it would all blow over when Liam came, but then I got to thinking that I didn’t want a boyfriend who treated me like I was a crazy person. I wanted a boyfriend who wanted to fix the root of the problem.”

Abbie frowned. “So what happened in that bathroom, Tams?”

“Honestly, I don’t know what happened with Angel. I mean, there I was, staring at his bare ass, and I couldn’t take my eyes off of him.”

Abbie shook her head. “I didn’t even know you were that into him.”

Tamsin shook her head. “I think it was less about him, than it was about I needed something else. I haven’t been that happy with Liam for a while. Then when Angel turned around and asked if I saw something I liked, I could barely move.”

Abbie blinked rapidly. Had she been presented with a specimen as fine as Angel, she might not have refused either. “So, what? You just jumped him in the shower? That is so not like you.”

Sophie laughed for the first time since Abbie had come home. “No, that sounds like me.”

“Maybe I was channeling you, I guess.” Tamsin giggled. “But I didn’t have sex with him. We just snogged. There was a lot of snogging.”

Abbie collapsed in a fit of giggled. “So you’re making out fully clothed with him fully naked. I’m sorry, but I have to ask, how you not get distracted by his…uhm…” Her voice trailed.

Tamsin barked out a laugh. “Well, it wasn’t easy. I mean, it was right there, and rather insistent, and did I mention big?”

Sophie leaned forward. “Just how big are we talking?” She put up her hands with space between them. When Tamsin shook her head, Sophie adjusted her hands. Tamsin giggled, then moved her hands even further apart. Sophie’s eyes bulged. “I’m going to have to try to convince Max that we need an open relationship or something. I can’t believe there’s a beautiful boy with equipment that large, and I can’t sample the goods.”

Tamsin and Abbie howled with laughter. Tamsin clutched her side and said. “The thing is, he’s lovely too. At one point he stopped and said, ‘so are we taking off your clothes, or are we just going to continue this later?’”

“He can be so sweet. I told you guys how he took care of me on that shoot, made sure the models listened, and then introduced me around till I had a couple of other jobs. He’s lovely. You could do worse.”

“I don’t know. I don’t think I’m really looking for another relationship.”

Sophie groaned before plopping back against the pillows. “You mean you’re not even going to fully sample the goods?”

“Not sure yet. He wants to hang out, or something, so we’re going to go to Jasper’s show on Friday. I’ll see after that. I’m trying to keep to casual.”

“At least tell me the kissing was good,” Sophie mumbled.

Tamsin narrowed her eyes. “I was making out with him fully clothed while he was in the shower. What do you think?”

Abbie couldn’t help but laugh. How had she missed this? She’d been so caught up in her personal melodrama that she hadn’t had enough girl time. She needed to change that. She didn’t want to spend all her time in London with a boy. No matter how sexy he was. “So then you told Liam?”

Mid-bite of her crumpet, Abbie heard the Skype ringing of her computer. Excusing herself, she ran into the room, and swore she would skip the masochistic torture if it was her parents or Evan. She smiled when she saw it was her sister Ama.

Abbie hit the video button and grinned when she saw her sister’s broad smile. “Hey, Ama.”

Ama sighed with relief. “I have to tell you, I wasn’t sure if you’d answer for me. No one’s been able to get a hold of you, so I thought I was persona non grata too.”

Of all her family, Ama was the only one who had ever supported any of her decisions. Which is why she was Abbie’s favorite sister. “Of course not. I always answer your calls.”

“Glad to hear it. Now, give it to me straight, how are you?”

Abbie shrugged. “Actually not bad. Could be better, of course, but I’m working my ass off and finally getting somewhere in my class. I was convinced my professor hated me, but now I think he’s respecting my work.”

“And friends, you’ve got a good support system over there? I worried about you when that whole tabloid thing went down.”

Abbie frowned. Yeah, that whole tabloid thing and the subsequent abandonment by her parents. “I’m okay. I’ve got some pretty good friends. Tamsin and Sophie were pretty stellar. They whisked me off to Sophie’s boyfriend’s house for a few days to hide out from the paparazzi and kept me fed with proper food and only the occasional tub of ice-cream. Oh yeah, and loads of scones and clotted cream.”

“Well, you look fantastic. Or does that fabulous glow have more to do with that guy than your fabulous friends?”

Abbie ducked her head. “Maybe a little bit of both. But mostly it’s this city. The whole place is alive, Ama. I mean it just screams with energy. I can’t help but feel creative here. It’s pretty awesome. It’s like I’m where I’m supposed to be. Like this is my home and it has nothing to do with family, or friends, or school, but more to do with…” She paused, her voice trailing… “How it makes me feel every morning when I wake up, regardless of what else is going on. There’s just something about this city.”

Ama smiled. “You look really happy, little sister.”

“I am happy.” Abbie shrugged. “That’s not to say it’s easy, because it’s not. Alexi drives me up the wall, and Xander is really demanding, and Tamsin and Sophie have their own problems that I have to be a better friend for, and I’m struggling with the job thing, but it’s still pretty unbelievable.”

“Speaking of the job thing, I’m working on Mom and Dad, okay? You just keep doing what you’re doing. I’ll find a way to have them support you, or at least pay for the rest of school. It’s not right or fair what they’ve done.”

Tears stung Abbie’s eyes. “Ama, I appreciate you trying for me, but it won’t change them. And come to think of it, I don’t want the strings that come with that money. I want to do this on my own. It was a mistake to count on them in the first place.”

“Stop it.” Her sister’s voice took on a hard edge. “You earned every penny of that money. You got the same deal the rest of us got when you were ten. As long as you worked hard and kept your grades above a B average, you would never have to worry about school expenses. They reneged just because they didn’t like your new boyfriend, or whatever. It’s wrong.”

“It’s also their prerogative.”

“Abbie.”

“No, Ama, even if they brought me the money in a briefcase of small, unmarked bills and not a single string attached, I wouldn’t take it.”

“Abbie, don’t be stubborn.”

She rolled her shoulders, unsure how to make her sister see what she was talking about. “Look, you were the only one who believed I could do this. You’ve supported me from the beginning. And I appreciate that. But I need to know I can do this. I don’t want to look back years from now and cringe wondering if I could have done it, was it possible? Those invisible strings would tug at my psyche for years. I don’t want that. I want to be able to stand on my own without them. I’m all about being surrounded by the positive right now. And right now, even their money stinks of ‘You can’t possibly be successful at this, come home so you can be monitored properly.’ If I don’t stand up to them now, it’s never going to happen.”

Her sister’s shoulders slumped. “Okay, I understand, but at least let me help you. I’ve got some money tucked away for a rainy day.”

“Are you kidding, Ama? You’re a second year resident. Keep your money.”

“Abbie!”

Abbie shook her head. “No, Ama, not even from you. I was serious about doing this on my own. Lex even offered, and I turned him down.”

“You’re being stubborn, Abbie.”

She grinned at her sister. “I hear it’s a family trait.”

“Okay, fine, but the moment you need anything, you call me. Don’t you dare call them first, you hear me? I’ll do whatever I can to help you. You look so much happier now than you ever did at home. Like you’re a more vibrant version of yourself. I don’t ever want to see that go away, so I’ll do anything you need.”

Abbie sniffed and blinked rapidly, trying to stave off the threatening emotional downpour.

“Thank you, Ama. I don’t know what I would do without you.”

Her sister grinned. “I imagine you’d be just fine. Now, when are you going to tell me about this boyfriend of yours? And can he kiss? Because those pictures suggest that he sure as hell can.”





Chapter 37



Abbie licked her lips nervously as she walked into Xander’s office. As usual, his desk and shelves were cluttered with cameras and photography books. His desk had images and magazines stacked high, and she could forget about sitting—there wasn’t a clean surface anywhere. She grabbed a stack of photos off the chair and placed them on the already cluttered desk. She handed him her memory card. “I appreciate you taking the time to review these with me before class.”

“Of course. I want you to succeed, and I’m glad you’ve taken my advice and dome some work on some portraits.”

Quietly, he studied her images frame by frame, taking his time. She wasn’t looking forward to another verbal flaying from him. But she’d worked hard on these and needed his feedback.

She’d taken a whole string of London’s street performers. The dancers and the musicians and the singers. Most of the locations had been simple enough. All she had to do was sit on the tube long enough, and she’d catch someone playing or singing. She always tipped heavily, unlike many of the Londoners.

With a few, she’d also been lucky enough to catch the movement of the trains behind them or the hustle and bustle of moving commuters blurring out the landscape. These shots were good. They were better than good. Her favorite was of an old man playing the violin as uniformed school children raced around him at the park. She’d caught the sea of burgundy uniforms in the background of the photo.

When he was done, Xander sat back and studied her. His first words weren’t about her photos though. “I wanted to see how you were doing.”

She frowned. “I’m fine.”

“Well, I know about the shit with the paparazzi. Is it getting in the way of doing your work?”

She sighed. So this was about Alexi. “No. I’m fine. And as you can see, my work hasn’t suffered. Save that one assignment.” She stiffened her back. “Is this the part where you tell me I should probably stay away from your brother? Or did you have something school related to discuss?” She clamped her jaw tight as she seethed.

He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Okay, look. I was out of line to tell you to stay away from Lex. I, uhm, was surprised that you knew him. And I sort of reacted. I won’t lie that you intrigue me. Probably more than you should.”

“I thought you had a very firm policy against sleeping with your students.”

He chuckled and leaned forward. “Yes, well. In case you haven’t guessed, I’m pretty good at bending the rules to suit myself.”

Abbie folded her arms. “Honestly, I’m not sure why I fascinate you so much. I’m just a girl. A prickly one at that. You’re Xander Chase, I’m sure you don’t want for women.”

“I am Xander Chase. And you’re right. A woman in my bed isn’t something that’s particularly hard to come by. But finding one with a brain and a heart and inner strength with attitude to spare, well, it’s a bit difficult.”

Abbie shifted uncomfortably in her seat and wished she had her camera in her hands. She’d never had to turn down so much male attention before. She met his gaze. “Alexi.”

He nodded. “Yes, Alexi.” Xander’s smile was faint and a little sad. “He’s my brother, and I suspect you love him.”

She squared her shoulders. “I’m not a toy you can fight over. Besides, you’re my professor. I came here to learn from you. You can make or break my career, and I need you.”

His jaw ticked. “You make him happy, so I’ll be the teacher you need. Your work today was exceptional. I expect it to keep improving. No more hiccups?”

She shoved the swell of pride into a box to examine later. “No more hiccups. I’m here to work.” Then, she added, “I also expect to be treated like any other one of your students. No more random acts of flirtation and no more singling me out. The others are beginning to notice.”

His eyes narrowed imperceptibly and he crossed his arms, leaning back in his chair. “Random acts of flirtation?”

Oh no. He would not do that guy thing where he made her feel like she was being crazy. She’d sensed something there. “Yeah, like at the club and at the pub the other night.”

He nodded slowly. “Fair enough, I can manage that.”

“Thank you.”

Xander indicated his computer. “Your photos. They’re excellent. Some of them are really exquisite. I think you have a real knack for portraits.”

Abbie had to keep from grinning like an idiot as the warmth of his praise swept through her. “Really? You’re not just saying that?”

“Really. I don’t blow smoke up anyone’s arse, no matter how nicely they ask. Now go on. I suspect you have something far more interesting to do with your Saturday than sit in this cramped office. I’ll see you in class on Monday.”

As she stood and walked out, Abbie could feel him watching her.

* * *

Later that afternoon, Abbie attempted to tug her hand out of Alexi’s. “I’m not sure about this. This is your time with your family. I feel like I’m intruding.”

He squeezed her hand. “Would you relax? You were invited.”

Abbie chewed her lip. “She didn’t invite me specifically. She just said she’d like to meet me sometime.”

Lex paused and turned to face her as they stood on the steps of his mother’s Notting Hill townhome. “She’ll love you. And would you stop all that nonsense? You are my girlfriend.”

His girlfriend. She loved the sound of that. But there was a tightness around his mouth. Something in his bright smile was a little off. Like he needed this visit to go well. Abbie still couldn’t let it go. “Maybe we should take some time, you know, let me meet your mother on a different day. Another time.”

He only laughed. “You’re my girlfriend. I want to tell everybody I know. I want to show you off. And it’s important to me that you meet my family. Can you do this for me?”

Abbie shifted from foot to foot and tucked one of her braids behind her ears. “I’m just not very good at this stuff. Parental units make me squigy.”

He shook his head. “I’m not even sure that’s a word. I doubt that would hold up in scrabble.”

“Oh, but I think it would. Like Beyoncé, I’m adding words to the dictionary. You’ll see. Before long it’ll be in Webster’s.”

His response—kissing her soundly on the mouth. He lingered before pulling back. He started to speak, then paused. Looking as if he might say something. Then paused and seemed to rethink before finally saying, “She’ll love you. I know it.”

Abbie nodded, wanting to trust him. Besides, after her own parents, how bad could Natasha Chase be?

Lex let them into the spacious townhome without ringing the doorbell first. Abbie tried not to stare or touch anything as she stepped into the marble foyer. Bright paintings hung on the walls, adding bold splashes of color to the otherwise stark white of the interior. Two curving staircases framed the entrance, leading to a landing nearly obscured by the lavish chandelier. Abbie craned her head up and gasped. The ceiling had been painted with a heaven-scape of pink and orange clouds.

“Wow, it’s beautiful.”

“I’m glad you like it.” At the banister at the top of the stairs stood Natasha Chase.

Abbie gaped at her. Her dark hair hung to her waist in beautiful waves, and she wore minimal make up. She’d dressed much as Abbie had, with skinny jeans and a body-hugging sweater. Though, instead of boots, her feet were bare.

Lex squeezed Abbie’s hand. “Mum, I have someone I’d like you to meet.”

Natasha glided over with a beaming smile for her son. Abbie tried not to feel bereft at the loss of his warm, reassuring hand when he let go to hug his mother. Instead, she slapped what she hoped was an intelligent, put-together-girlfriend smile on her face.

Natasha hugged her son tight before stepping back to scrutinize him. “You look happy, Lex.”

“Well, that has a lot to do with Abbie.” He reached out his hand for her, and Abbie automatically took it. “Abena Nartey, this is my mother, Natasha Chase. Mum, this is Abbie.”

“Why don’t you come in and have a seat?”

After Natasha had dispatched the maid for tea, Abbie fidgeted on the snow white couch with Lex. I can do this, I can do this, I can do this. How hard could it be? All she had to do was sit there and smile and answer some questions. She cleared her throat. “Your home is beautiful, Mrs. Chase.”

Natasha waved her hand dismissively. “No, dear, I insist you call me Natasha.”

Abbie gave her a tight smile. She wouldn’t be calling her anything then. After all, her strict cultural upbringing dictated the only appropriate address as Mrs., or Auntie for an elder, particularly her boyfriend’s mother. But she’d deal with that later. Right now, she had to get through this.

“So my son tells me you’re a photographer.”

Abbie nodded slowly, and Alexi squeezed her hand in encouragement. She forced herself to breathe. “I’m studying now under your son Xander.”

Natasha laughed. “Oh Xander, that naughty little upstart. He doesn’t visit as often as he should. I do hope he hasn’t been giving you a hard time. He’s sort of notorious.”

“I will tell him when I see him next class.” She liked Natasha Chase and could see where Alexi got his heart from. “You must be very proud. His work is extraordinary and inspiring.”

The older woman beamed. “I am proud of him. I’m proud of both my boys. They’ve been through so much and have turned out so well.”

Abbie could feel her smile falter. Alexi had only told her about his contentious relationship with his father. Was there more he’d left out? Calm down, you two have no more secrets. When you’re alone, just ask him what she means.

Abbie coughed. “I uhm, I—”

“You don’t have to search for the tact response, darling. I know Alexander can be a handful.”

She cleared her throat. “Yes, I noticed. But he really is an excellent teacher.”

Alexi squeezed her hand. “Stop putting her on the spot, Mum.”

Natasha laughed. “I’m sorry, darling, I’ll behave.”

Abbie squeezed his hand. “It’s okay. I’m fine, I promise.”

“So what do you two love birds have planned for the afternoon?”

Lex looked at her, his gaze full of promise and fun. “I dunno. Abbie needs some photos for class, so I was thinking we’d meander around Notting Hill for a bit. Maybe head down to Oxford Street eventually and do some shopping.”

Abbie wrinkled her nose. She wasn’t really in the mood for shopping. Especially with him. No need to fit into that gold digger stereotype. “Actually, Lex, why don’t you hit the shops on your own? I might head to Hyde Park.”

He just rolled his eyes. “Mother, have you ever met anyone who’s allergic to shopping? Abbie refuses to go with me. And every time I drag her along, she spends the time taking pictures outside the shops. It’s crazy.” The ringing of his phone interrupted him. He looked down at his cell, then caressed her knuckles with his thumb. “I’m sorry, I have to take this.”

While Lex took his call, his mother regaled her with stories of Alexi and Xander as young children and their antics. “Even then, though he’s the younger one, Lex was so much more serious. If there was trouble, it was almost always Xander.” A shadow crossed her beautiful features then flickered away just as quickly.

The sound of footsteps from the back of the house had Abbie turning to see who was coming. A tall, imposing man with a confident stride walked in, clutching his phone in a death grip.

Natasha stood quickly. “Abbie, meet my husband, Reginald.” To her husband she said, “I didn’t expect to see you until much later tonight. Lex is just visiting with his girlfriend.”

Abbie studied the older man. It was easy to see where Alexi and Xander got their physical genes from. Their height, the broad shoulders, their lean, trim forms. Alexi even inherited the silver gray eyes of the older man. Abbie suddenly wondered what it would be like to photograph all three of them together.

Although, the longer she studied the man, the more apparent it became that both Alexi and Xander got their smiles from their mother. Because this man did not smile. At all.

“Where is Alexi? I need to speak with him.”

Natasha’s voice wavered slightly. “Reginald, don’t be rude. You can at least say hello to Alexi’s guest.”

The older man turned his gaze on her, and Abbie wanted to shrink into the furniture. The look of hatred on his face was enough to make her bristle. Alexi had said his father was unpleasant, but she hadn’t expected something like this. Fantastic.

“You’ll forgive me if I don’t bother with Lex’s dalliance of the moment. There are so many you see. I can’t be bothered to learn all their names.”

Natasha Chase’s face went bright red, then very pale. “Reginald, that is unacceptable. You apologize immediately.”

Abbie squirmed in her seat. She made an attempt at escape. “Uhm, I’ll just go find Alexi and see what’s keeping him. If you—”

The older man’s sharp voice cut off her attempted escape. “You think you love my son? You’ll soon realize he’s not who you think he is. He’ll betray you, just like he’s betrayed me. I had to find out today that he’s sold a software company right out from under me. If he’ll do that to his own father, imagine what he’ll do to you, a nobody.”

Suddenly unable to breathe, Abbie blinked rapidly to ward off impending tears. No wonder Alexi avoided his father. The man was toxic. “This seems like a family discussion, I’ll—”

“No. My wife wants me to play nice. Then let’s have a chat about my son.”

Natasha put a hand on his arm. “Reginald, don’t. Leave the poor girl be.”

“You wanted me to play nice, I’m playing nice. I’m going to tell this young lady.” The gaze he slid over her body told Abbie he considered her anything but. “About my son.”

Well, she certainly wasn’t going to sit here while the asshole tore Alexi down in front of her. “With all due respect, Mr. Chase, I don’t need to hear what you have to say about Alexi. I know him.”

The older man’s brows rose. “Then he’s told you everything about himself?”

“We don’t keep secrets from each other.”

Reginald Chase laughed. Except the sound was cold and thin instead of rich, booming and warm. “Is that so? Then you don’t mind shacking up with a thief and a murderer who let his brother take the blame for a murder he committed?”

Everyone in the room froze. Natasha stood with her mouth agape. Reginald’s face was a mask of contorted fury, and out of the corner of her eye, Abbie could see Alexi’s stricken face as he stilled in the doorway.

No. No no no no no. She tried to swallow. Tried desperately to breathe, but even her lungs were frozen. It was only when the room started to spin that she managed to drag in a breath.

It wasn’t true. She’d just gotten caught up in some family dynamics that were frankly none of her business. The man Reginald was talking about, that wasn’t Alexi. Except when she finally had the faculty to move her head and glance in his direction, he stared at her, a mask of horror and guilt stamped on his face.

Oh no. There had to be an explanation. It couldn’t be. “Alexi, is this true?”

He shook his head, his eyes wide with horror and grief. “Abbie, I need you to listen to me for a minute.”

She could see the truth in his eyes. But she didn’t want to believe it. She needed the words. “Is it true?”

“Yes, but—”

She shook her head. “No. You’ve been keeping this from me.”

“I tried to tell you then…I couldn’t find the right time…” His voice trailed.

“No. When you have something important to tell someone, you just do. You don’t lie to someone you care about.”

“Abbie—” He reached for her.

“Alexi, don’t.” She shook her head trying to think. “I-I need to go.”

With her shoulders back and her head held high, she strode out of the living room into the foyer. She took her coat from the hall closet.

As she slid it on, Alexi tried to hold her coat for her. “Let me help you.”

She deliberately stepped out of his reach. “No, thank you. I have it.” She didn’t meet his gaze.

He ran his hands through his hair. “Abbie, don’t do this. I can explain.”

“Do what? Refuse to be lied to? You swore to me there was nothing else to tell me. And though I find it impossible to think you could ever hurt anyone, clearly you’re still hiding something. I’m not dealing with secrets or lies anymore, Alexi.”

He reached for her hand. “Look, I’m coming with you. Just give me a minute. We can talk.”

She tilted her head up to meet his gaze. “Alexi, I need you to tell me. We already covered this. No more secrets. No more lies. What is it you’re hiding?”

His hands shook and he shoved them into his pockets “Abbie, I’m sorry, I can’t. I—”

She held up a hand even as she felt her heart tearing into pieces. There wasn’t anything he could say that she wanted to hear. She tipped her chin up and leveled a stare at him. “I’m leaving.”

* * *

After watching the woman he loved walk out of his life, Lex stalked back into the living room and rounded on his father. “Are you fucking happy now? She’s gone. She won’t ever be coming back. Thanks to you, I blew it.”

His father glowered at him. “Don’t you mean thanks to you? You’re the one who shoved that nonce off the top of the stairs. You’re the one who let Xander take the blame. And you’re the one who didn’t tell your little girlfriend.”

Even as he balled his fists to strike the old man, his mother shouted from behind him, “That is enough. Reginald! You might be angry with Lex, but you had no right. He’s your son. Don’t you think he deserves some kind of happiness?”

His father’s face turned first red, then purple. “My son? My fucking son? No son of mine would have sold a company that’s rightfully mine out from under me. No son of mine would wait and let me find out by reading the fucking Times!”

Lex had had enough. “You forget, Old Man, that you were the one who pushed me into a corner. You’ve been threatening to cut off my trust fund ever since Uni. I had to make another way for myself. And I did. I don’t need you or the fucking money.”

“Stop being a spoiled brat, Alexi. Do you know how this makes me look in the industry? A multimillion dollar deal like that, and it happened under my nose. You signed a non-compete like every other employee.”

Lex chuckled mirthlessly. “What? You think that’s not the first thing I thought of? I’m not a fool. Take Back the Night is in no way related to any of the software you build at CET. And I had my lawyer look over my non-compete specifically. It stated that I would not enter or engage in any business that is in direct conflict with the Chase technologies umbrella. CET has no lifestyle products, direct apps, or games in any way related to the entertainment space or sector. And also in my non-compete, it states that any and all documents or code authored by me is property of CET. Well, you’ll be happy to know I didn’t write a stitch of that code. Oh, I meticulously reviewed it, and it’s my brainchild, but I didn’t write it.”

His father vibrated with anger. “You’re a slippery git aren’t you?”

“Well this git just earned his freedom.”

Reginald stepped into his space, and for the first time, Lex realized he’d edged out his father in height by an inch.

“You think this is over? You’re still not touching that trust fund.”

Lex merely shrugged. “The good news is, I don’t need it. I can actually work for myself doing something I love. And be paid handsomely. In case you hadn’t heard, I’m rich. Not as rich as I would be, but honestly, I don’t need much.” He glanced at his mother who’d gone pale. “Besides, you can’t keep it from me forever. I have plans for that money. There’s a youth center in Brixton that would be happy to have the funds.”

In that moment, as his father glared at him, Lex saw how much the old man despised him.

“I knew I should have sent you off to school with your brother. I was a fool then to listen to your mother. After all, she was the reason there was a scandal to begin with.”

His mother’s gasp of shock made Lex contemplate beating the older man to a bloody pulp again. Grief tore through him as he said, “You leave her out of this. Don’t you think you’ve done enough damage today without going after Mum too? Why can’t you just care about our happiness? I love Abbie, and you did your level best to run her off.” The admission tore through his chest and left him bereft. For several seconds, he wasn’t sure he could breathe.

His father raised an eyebrow. “I’m talking about how your little deal has crippled my reputation, and you’re talking about a girl?” He scowled. “I should have seen then what I see now. You’re not worth it.”

Lex glared at his father’s retreating back as his mother sobbed quietly behind him. When he turned to face her, he tried to soften his voice. “Mum, are you okay?”

His mother’s hands shook as she placed them over her heart. “Lex, I-I’m sorry. I didn’t know he would be home or how angry he’d be. I would have warned you.”

“How could you know? I knew he’d be pissed about the sale, but I never thought he’d say those things. Dredge up the past like that. I mean you should have seen the look on her face.” He shoved a hand in his hair. Fear chased the disbelief. Then the dread settled in around him. Abbie was really gone. His heart squeezed. In the back of his mind he’d known this would happen when she found out. But he’d dared hope. After the dread came the panic. He wouldn’t ever get to hold her again.

His mother’s hands trembled as she reached for him. “Lex. Maybe we can fix this. Maybe if you told her what happened that night.”

He shook his head with enough force to bring his hair onto his brow. “No. I lied to her. She has no reason to ever believe anything I say. I’ve fucking lost her.” The hollow thud of his pulse drummed between his ears as his knees wobbled. He’d really lost her.

“This is all my fault.” His mother paled and braced herself on the arm of the couch before she sank into it. “I was so selfish I couldn’t see the devil and protect my own children. There isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t regret not protecting you enough. I wish I’d been the one to do it. I dream about it every day. I wish I could resurrect him just so I could have a mother’s pleasure of tearing his wretched flesh from his bones. I would kill to protect you.” Tears rolled down her face. “I would die to protect you.”

Lex winced. He didn’t need her reliving her guilt about what that asshole had tried doing to him and his brother. “No, Mum. This isn’t your fault. I should have found a way to tell Abbie. I know she has trust issues. Dad’s right. I’m the one who blew it.”

His mother’s dark brown eyes shimmered with tears. “You really do love her, don’t you?”

“Yes. I do.” But that didn’t matter now.





Chapter 38



Abbie rolled her shoulders as she trudged up the stairs to her flat. Through the door, she could hear Sophie and Tamsin laughing about something. She briefly considered going out somewhere so she wouldn’t have to explain, but she was exhausted and just wanted her bed.

Her hands shook as she thought of Alexi and what his father had said. She couldn’t believe that he’d deliberately killed someone. He might be keeping things from her, but he wasn’t a killer. She knew him well enough to know that. So what the fuck was going on? What had happened?

When she opened the door, Tamsin gave her a cheery smile. “So how did it go with mummy? Does she love you as we all do?”

Abbie’s glance skipped over her friend’s sunny wholesome smile and landed on Sophie’s concerned one. Mimicking Tamsin’s accent, she said, “Mummy was lovely, but Daddy was a pill and sent me packing. He aired all the family’s dirty laundry. And said some horrible things about Alexi.”

Sophie’s face fell. “Abena, I’m so sorry. From what I’ve heard, his father is awful.”

“That he is.”

Tamsin looked back and forth between them. “So what did the old geezer say exactly?”

Abbie didn’t know how much to share. He might have lied to her, but his business was still his business. She didn’t want to be the one to put him and his family in the crosshairs again. “Turns out, Lex is still lying. Protecting some family scandal.”

Sophie’s eyes went wide. “A scandal? Honey, that’s what Google was invented for.”

Abbie winced. “I dunno. That feels somehow icky. I—”

Sophie handed her the laptop. “Look, you guys have been through enough. You can either get to the bottom of it, or you can let him go. Sooner or later, you have to make a choice. You’ve been looking for a reason to run from him. Any reason. And while lying is a legit reason to not be with someone, you haven’t exactly been all in. You’ve been waiting for him to disappoint you like Evan did. And he’s a different guy.”

Tamsin shrugged. “I’m shocked to say it, but Sophie speaks sense.”

Sophie swatted her with a pillow. “Shit, I hate that he makes you hurt, but maybe he hasn’t told you everything because he knows you’ll run.”

Abbie shook her head. “No, that’s bullshit. He could tell me anything. I wouldn’t judge him.”

Sophie wrapped an arm around her. “But how is he supposed to know that? You’ve run from this thing the moment there was trouble.”

“I’m not running. I’m just…thinking.”

Tamsin tapped the laptop. “Well, think fast. Because you seem happy with him. The faster you guys work out your issues, the sooner you get to the making up portion of the fight. And I want a play by play.”

Sophie laughed, and Abbie turned on the laptop. Alexi wasn’t Evan. She knew that. Alexi had always taken care of her. Treated her like she was special. Taken his time with her. The girls were right. If she wanted him, she needed to trust him. Which meant finding out what he was trying so hard to keep buried. But she wasn’t going to dig it up. She didn’t want some bullshit spun story on the Internet. She wanted him to tell her. She wanted him to trust her. But what would she do if he wouldn’t? Could she walk away from him?





Chapter 39



Lex turned off the video of the interview he’d done with BBC One that would air tomorrow. In less than twenty-four hours, he’d be a multi-millionaire. All on his own, without a dime of his father’s money. And he’d have no one to share it with. Not that Nick hadn’t already called to gloat over how good they looked on television. But the person he wanted to share it with was Abbie. But he’d ruined that. She wasn’t coming back.

With the ringing of his doorbell, he checked the time. Ten thirty. It was far too late for a delivery. He’d just talked to Nick, so maybe it was Gemma needing someplace to crash. When he opened the door, his heart seized. Abbie stood on the threshold, sopping wet under her leaking umbrella.

Automatically, he held out a hand and helped her onto the barge. “Abbie, what—”

She put up her hands. “Wait, before you say anything. I have to say I’m sorry. I ran. I couldn’t take the secrets, and I ran. I have no idea how to trust anymore.” Her tears mingled with the rain drops and streaked down her face. “I’m so sorry. I should have just stayed and listened, but I was scared that I was stepping back into an old pattern of lies. I—I shouldn’t have run. I always run. I don’t want to run anymore.”

Lex watched her expressive face as she cried, and explained, and babbled. Her eyes widened, and she nervously licked at her lips with the tip of her tongue. She rubbed at her temples like she always did when she was having a full scale meltdown, and he loved her.

She’d chased him down. She’d recognized the pattern and she’d broken it all on her own. She’d come back to him. Without thought, he pulled her into his body and kissed her, cutting off her stream of consciousness. With her still-dripping umbrella and her soaked-through coat, and with rain dripping off the ends of her braids, he kissed her with all the pent up frustration and shame and love he had. He loved her. More than he deserved to, more than he dared to, but he loved her.

And regardless of what his father had said, she’d come back for him.

His hands shook. “I didn’t think I’d be seeing you again.”

“I need the truth, Alexi. I don’t want us to keep doing this. Please. Can you tell me?”

A harsh chuckle ripped out of him. “I’ve been so worried I was going to lose you when you found out, I ended up pushing you away by hiding the truth.”

“Your father didn’t run me off with what he said about you. The only reason I ran is because I couldn’t stand you lying to me, hiding from me. Nothing you’ve done can scare me off as long as I know that you’re open with me.”

He trembled. No, it’s not true. She’ll leave, and when she does, it’ll break you. No. He wasn’t going to lose her. Not for anything.

“Mum and Dad split up when I was about three or four. She started seeing someone else a couple of years later. At first, Silas was the television dad you see. Played games with us. Took us to the park for a bit of footie. That sort of thing. You’ve met my father. Even then, he wasn’t particularly warm.”

Lex ran a hand through his hair. He was desperate to get it all out so there wouldn’t be anything left hanging between them. “Everything changed when he asked Mum to marry him. Xan and I were ecstatic. We were finally getting a real father. Someone to love us. But that’s not what we got.”

Lex shivered as his memories weaved into the forefront of his mind. “Mum started working more international charities and traveled more, leaving us with the nannies and Silas.” His voice broke, and he loathed the weakness that he heard in himself. “She didn’t know that he used to sneak into mine and Xan’s bedroom at night and put his hands on us. When we fought back, he beat us. Never anywhere visible. He was apparently too smart for that.”

Abbie gasped and whispered, “Oh, God.”

“We had five different nannies in the fourteen months he was with my mother, each of them too scared to help two little boys who couldn’t help themselves.”

“Alexi—”

“No, Abbie, you need to hear it all. One night, while my mother worked downstairs, he snuck into our room. Xander ran away from him, and he was going after him to make sure he didn’t find the nanny or Mum. I knew if he caught Xander, it would mean another beating. I didn’t want him to hurt us anymore. I couldn’t take it. So I ran after him. When he caught hold of Xander’s T-shirt, I only wanted to get him off my brother. I—” His voice shook. He prayed that he could stop the pain, but he had to get it all out first. “We were at the top of the stairs, and I pushed him. Hard. With everything I had, I pushed him. I wanted him dead.”

Her voice was whisper soft. “Oh, Alexi.”

“And Dad was right. Even at six, I understood that what I’d done was horrific. I understood what I was. I knew they’d send me away, but I didn’t care.” He sniffed and wiped at his nose. “But instead they sent Xander away. We told them it was an accident that we’d heard him fall, but the way he protected me, they assumed he’d done it. He made me promise I’d never tell. He just stepped right in front of me and shielded—” His voice shook. “And I let him.”

Abbie placed both palms on his chest. “Enough, that’s enough. I don’t need to hear any more. I’m so sorry.”

He couldn’t meet her gaze. “I don’t know how you can stand to look at me. My own father can’t. I tried to talk to him then. He blamed us. We tried to make him understand, but as far as he was concerned, we’d tarnished the family name with the scandal of it all.”

“You were a child, protecting your brother. They were the adults. They were supposed to protect you. It was your mother and father’s job to protect you. None of what happened was your fault.”

“Mum didn’t know. I think after it happened, when they sent Xan to a string of therapists, she suspected, but she didn’t know the kind of man she was about to marry. She would have killed him. Dad, well, after the fact, he covered everything up. Xan was sent to boarding school. I’m pretty sure he looked into Silas’s background. He was so careful, he’d probably done something like that before.” He dragged in a shaky breath. “Xan and I never stood a chance. We’re completely fucked up.”

She placed a hand on his cheek. “Stop. You’ve grown into an incredible man who’s kind and loyal and smart. Don’t let those shadows take any of what you’ve become away from you. I will help chase them off.”

He blinked rapidly as emotion overwhelmed him. She really wasn’t running from him. He dared to hope, dared to hold on to the thread that she was his. “You really don’t hate me?”

“No, Alexi. I’m going to keep telling you how much I love you until it finally sinks in.”

Desperation dripped from each word as he held her close. “I thought I’d lost you for good.”

She clung to him, her hands threading through his hair. “I’m so sorry. I should have trusted you.”

“I didn’t think you would still want me after what he said to you.”

“Yes.” She kissed him softly, her full lips feeling like heaven against his. “I still want you. I’ve wanted you since you saved me from death by Mini Cooper. I wanted you that first time we danced. I wanted you at your party. I wanted you when you showed up on my doorstep. Even when the paparazzi were camped out on my lawn and making me miserable, I wanted you. There is nothing your father could say to me to make me not want you. There’s nothing you can do to make me not want you. There’s nothing in your past that can scare me off.” She shivered in his arms.

Lex crushed her to his chest, unwilling to let her go. “Abbie, I love you. I’m not even sure when I started falling in love with you. Maybe it was Brixton. Maybe it was the first time I saw you sitting in that massive puddle drenched and trying to save the camera instead of yourself.”

“I love you.”

The glowing warmth started in his chest and started to thaw the icicles. But he frowned. She couldn’t possibly love him if she knew what had happened. What he’d done. “Abbie, I—”

She pressed her fingers against his lips. “Shh. Do you think that I wouldn’t love you? That it matters to me? You were a child when it all happened, and you’ve been carrying that guilt all on your own for years. When you had nothing to feel guilty for.”

She pushed the braids out of her face. Just having her close, made the blood rush in his ears and he wanted to kiss her. She licked her lips, and he bit back a moan.

As if sensing the change in him, she whispered, “Alexi.”

“Shh, let me get you out of these wet things.”

First, he slid her sodden coat off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She followed suit and toed off her wool-lined boots. Right there, he peeled of the rest of her wet clothing and carried her naked, lithe form to his bedroom.

He swallowed around the lump in his throat as he drank in every inch of her soft flesh. He knew how she tasted, how she felt in every nook of her body. He knew her heart. Knew her fears. It was the first time he’d ever let himself know anyone. Let anyone know him. And it felt liberating. And terrifying. And right. “I love you, Abena.”

She pressed her body into him and every nerve ending howled to be inside her, to fit their bodies together and drive into her until they both found peaceful oblivion. He gently tucked her in to his bed, then stripped off his own clothes.

Unmistakable heat flashed in her eyes, and he couldn’t help a quick grin. Sliding in beside her, he tucked her against him so they spooned with his hand cupping her breast.

“Lex, what—”

“I’m going to hold you, if that’s okay. You know how much I want you.” He dragged in a sharp breath. “Hell, you can feel it.” His cock twitched against the soft globes of her ass. He paused and kissed her shoulder, gritting his teeth against the onslaught of lust as the satin skin of her backside wiggled against him. “But I need to hold you more than I need to make love to you.”

It took him an hour before he was able to fall asleep, but he hadn’t been that at peace in longer than he could remember.

* * *

Abbie moaned into Lex’s chest. She was awake enough to know she was having either the very best of dreams or one hell of a wakeup call. Lex kissed her as his thumb and forefinger rolled one of her nipples. Sighing into the caress, she let herself relax into the kiss. His expert tongue caressed and teased hers into playing.

God she relished what he could do to her body. The way he made her pliant. He never rushed her even when she wanted to hurry. He always took his time with everything, even kissing her, like they had all the time in the world. Like his erection wasn’t straining.

She loved kissing him. His lips were so soft and skilled and his tongue—every time he licked into her mouth, it made her shiver. When his hand dipped between her thighs, she parted them to ease his way. Skilled fingers stroked her cleft, teasing her, driving her crazy. She arched her back trying to angle her hips into his hand.

Alexi slid a finger inside her as his thumb caressed her clit and she cried out and sank her fingers into his hair. He grunted in satisfaction as her hips bucked then sucked on her tongue in time with his fingers sliding into her slick center. His heavy erection continued to press into her thigh and she moaned. She would never get over what he could do to her body. She’d never been so carnal, so aroused, so willing to give herself completely to anyone.

With a groan, he pulled back from their kiss and she mewled as she tried to follow his lips. His gaze scorched her. Dark and fiery, he stared at her under hooded lids. “Jesus, what are you doing to me?”

Her constricted throat made it impossible to speak, so she responded the only way she knew how—by arching her hips into his hand again.

He muttered a soft curse, and squeezed his eyes shut. As his fingers strummed her to the edge of orgasm, he chewed on his bottom lip. When he increased the pace of his questing fingers, Abbie held tight onto his shoulders. She rotated her hips around and around until he swore again and rubbed his thumb directly over her clit.

Her orgasm ripped through her, laying destruction to every nerve and cell. Unable to think, she threw her head back giving herself over fully to the sensation.

“Holy, fuck, you are so beautiful when you come.”

Still unable to speak, Abbie dragged in ragged breaths. If she hadn’t been fully awake earlier, she certainly was now. “That was a hell of a wakeup call.”

He slowly withdrew his fingers from her. “I’m not done yet.”

She smiled up at him expecting him go for a condom, but instead, he burrowed under the covers. His hands parting her thighs had her tensing. “Lex, wait, I—”

He drew back the covers so he could look at her. “I should have asked you last time. Is this something you don’t like?”

Oh god, he looked so concerned and worried about her. How the hell was she supposed to tell him? Embarrassment made her skin hot and flushed. “Before you, I-I—I’ve never done it. Or rather, I guess no one had done it to me before.”

His brows snapped down “You’re kidding me right?”

Abbie bit her lip as she shook her head. “N-no. I ah, Ev-uhm—no one’s ever wanted to.” She turned her face into the pillow too embarrassed to continue. God, she should have just kept her mouth shut. Now he thought she was some kind of freak.

With strong fingers, he turned her chin so she was looking at him. His gaze burned hot, the desire etched on his face was unmistakable. “Tasting you is so arousing for me. I love how you taste. But only if you’re comfortable.”

“I-uh…” Wow, he wanted to? “Yes. I’m comfortable.”

“Oh thank god.” His smile was lopsided. “I think I’d die if I couldn’t taste you.”

He slid back down her body placing kisses across her chest and belly as he went. When he reached her hips, he nibbled at the flesh on her pelvic bone, then scooted yet lower.

Dusting feather light kisses on her inner thighs, he paused when he got to her cleft. “So pretty. And so soft.” His first stroke of her slick center had her clenching her hands into the sheets. Oh God. He lapped at her, kissing her and exploring her with his tongue. He took his time like with everything else. He seemed in no hurry. When his tongue circled the throbbing bundle of nerves, Abbie flew apart in his hands again. A little embarrassed, she tried to drag him back up her body by tugging on his hair, but he didn’t let up. He kept stroking her. Kept lapping at her.

It wasn’t until he slid a finger into her moist sheath again that she lost all her inhibitions. If he was intent on killing her with ecstasy, then who the hell was she to argue. Finally relaxing, she let her thighs fall apart and he moaned, parting her folds and dipping the tip of his finger into her center. Her third orgasm rolled through her chasing the tails of the previous one, he didn’t let up until she lay limp.

He drew himself back up her body, pausing to nip at her hips again, then to suckle her beasts.

When he made it to her lips, he asked. “I hope you’ll let me taste you often.”

She shivered. He could do that to her any time he wanted. “God, yes. I don’t even know what to say.”

“How about saying you’ll let me taste you as often as I want.”

She giggled. “Be my guest.”

He shifted against her parting thighs with his. And she moaned when the tip of his erection nudged her cleft..

He squeezed his eyes shut tight as he entered her inch by inch. Abbie met him halfway by raising her hips. His jaw stayed tight until he was seated all the way inside her. He made love to her sweetly. Kissing her, holding her to him and looking into her eyes. “I love you Abena Nartey. I will never stop.”

In that moment, the fear fell away. This was the perfect moment she’d always looked for. This was the kind of love and acceptance she’d been looking for all her life. “I love you too. Blissful abandon started in her toes and cascaded through her body. She held onto him tight and muttered how much she loved him as the orgasm took over all her conscious and subconscious thought.

As her body held him inside her, he whispered in her ear, “I am so lucky.” With two more deep strokes, his whole body shook with release.





Epilogue



Three days later.



Contentedly, Abbie sipped her tea and watched Alexi cook shirtless. She could really get used to this. After they’d finally talked, he’d brought her to the beach to get away from it all. An overnight trip had turned into three blissful days of uninterrupted together time.

She’d put everything on hold just to be with him. Xander hadn’t been thrilled that she’d missed their weekly meeting, but this was so worth it. Alexi’s one conversation with his brother had been short and brief but he’d looked more relaxed after they’d spoken. A few days with Alexi alone was just what she needed. What they both needed.

It hadn’t come free though. Now she’d have to rush to complete her next assignment. And she had a make-up meeting scheduled for this afternoon with Xander. No doubt she’d get an earful about responsibility and squandering opportunities, but she didn’t care right now.

Alexi looked up from the sausages. “What’s that smile on your face for?”

She shrugged. “Oh nothing. Just admiring the view.”

He smirked and turned the sausages. “You know one of these days, we’re going to have to get you to do some shirtless cooking.”

“You wish. Besides, that would prove dangerous for me. I have a lot more wobbly bits than you do. Cooking can be hazardous to my health. I think I’ll leave it to you.”

“I promise you, if you were cooking naked, you wouldn’t even make it to the stove before I dragged you back to bed.”

“I can live with that.” Her phone vibrated on the tabletop. She glanced at the incoming text message. Xander: Meet me in the labs at one sharp. We need to discuss program demands.

Alexi gave her a soft smile. “Duty calls?”

“Yeah, just a reminder that I need to return to real life.”

He nodded. “Me too. I wish we could stay for longer.”

“Tell me about it. But, we have each other. Somehow it makes the big, bad, scary world more tolerable.”

He grinned as he served her plate. “That it does.”

* * *

When Abbie got to the labs, she was surprised to find Xander developing prints of some of her work. “I see you got the photos I sent from my last shoot with Jasper.”

He nodded. “Yeah, I figured I’d go old school with some of them.”

She shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot as Xander examined her photos. He pointed to one of the ones she’d done with Alexi’s model friends. “Is that Serena Winchell?”

Abbie blinked rapidly. Was she going to get into trouble for using an actual model? Her stomach rolled. “Yes, she’s sort of a friend of a friend.”

“I worked with her in Milan. For someone so young, she has an ethereal quality to her. And good work ethic.”

Abbie blinked in surprise. “She was great. Didn’t complain once, no matter how long it took me to set up a shot.”

Xander nodded then smirked. “She’s fantastic in the sack too.”

Abbie’s gaze shifted up from the photo to stare at Xander. Had he just said—“I beg your pardon?”

His laugh was low and mellow. A lot like Alexi’s. He probably drove every woman he worked with mad with that laugh. “I wanted to see what you’d say.”

Abbie raised a brow. “So she’s not good in the sack? Poor thing, I hope you didn’t tell her that. The poor girl will have a complex for life.”

He stared at her long before a deep bellowing laugh broke free from his chest. “You surprise me Abbie. You think fast on your feet and you’re not unsettled by me.”

“Well, not as much anymore. But you still are my teacher.”

His voice was soft when he spoke. “Not for long.”

Oh hell. He hated these photos too? “Look, I’ve worked my ass off. You can’t cut me from the program. You have no idea what I had to do to get the money for my next semester. Just give me another chance.”

Frown lines furrowed his brow. “Why the hell do you think I’m cutting you from the program?”

Wait. What? “That bad week I had. You said if I ever took another set of shitty photos you’d cut me. I did my best on this shoot. I—”

He put up his hands and interrupted her. “Hey, stop. I’m not cutting you. I was a bit hard on you that day. Yes, I wanted you to bring me your A game, but admittedly I was a little jealous and thought you were distracted by my brother.”

She narrowed her eyes. “So what, you were scaring me straight?”

He shrugged. “Something like that. I would never cut you. You’re extraordinarily talented. Not to mention beautiful.”

All she could do was shake her head at him. Well he’d accomplished his goal. She had been terrified of losing her spot. “Are you always such a pain in the ass?”

He laughed then studied her for a minute. “You don’t seem fazed by me anymore.”

“I’m not going to deny that you’re pretty to look at, but I’m not interested. And I’m still your student.”

He grinned at her. “And you stand up for yourself when someone’s being an ass.”

“Yes, I do.” She frowned. “You might be my teacher still, but if you’re being a wanker, I’ll call you on it.” She tried not to wince at her Americanization of the word wanker. It just didn’t sound as cool as when Tamsin and Sophie said it.

“It’s been a while since someone called me a wanker to my face.”

Abbie bit her tongue, he still had the power to fail her in is hands and she needed a recommendation. “Sometimes my mouth runs away with me.” That was all she was willing to concede in the way of an apology.

“That’s not a bad thing. I’m looking for someone who can put me in my place, not be rattled by straight talk or sex talk or cursing. And someone with incredible talent.”

What? He was auditioning bed partners? “Look, Xander, as intriguing as your offer is, I have to tell you I have a boyfriend, and considering he’s your brother I think what you’re asking is inappropriate.”

His brows drew down, “So you don’t want to work for me then?”

She barely heard him as she continued. “I mean, it’s not fair to proposition your students, we depend on you for our—” Her brain halted, then sputtered to life again as what he’d said settled in. “You want me to come work for you?”

His arrogant smirk slid back into place. “Well, that was until you mentioned propositioning. If I have a choice, I’ll take propositioning.”

Her face flamed and she ducked her head. “Shit, sorry about that. It just sounded like you were offering me a job as your mistress or something. Not your assistant.”

He laughed. “You can relax. I know what you mean to Lex. And while I am a womanizing man whore, but I also work my ass off and I could use an assistant with your talent. It’s technically a work-study. The official assistant job won’t be available until the course ends, but as long as you don’t screw up, it’s as good as yours.”

Elation and joy skipped over her synapses. “I don’t even know what to say.”

“How about you say yes and put me out of my misery.”

Abbie’s body vibrated with giddy excitement. “You’re sure you want me?I mean I don’t have a lot of experience and I could use some work in some areas and—”

He held up a hand. His dark eyes met her gaze. “I’m positive. You’re the one with the most talent in the class. Even when you’re not at your best, you’re still better than most professionals I’ve seen. You earned it.”

Abbie grinned and spun around in a happy little twirl. He grinned back. “Wait, can I still do my side gigs? I know assistant jobs don’t pay much.”

“Yes. As long as they don’t interfere with your work for me. But I should have mentioned the work study portion covers half your tuition.”

She squealed again. Half her tuition? That meant she had enough money saved so far to pay for next year as well. She did a happy twirl. “I have no idea what to say or do right now.”

“Why don’t you get out of here? I’ll have my personal assistant call you with the details.”

Tears threatened and she rapidly blinked her lids. “Thank you. Thank you. So much, thank you.”

“Go on. Get out of here before I forget that you’re my assistant and I promised my brother I’d keep my hands and sexual innuendos to myself.”

Abbie skipped out of Xander’s office and down the stairs of the Arts building. She was running so fast she squealed when someone snagged the back of her jacket. She whirled around ready for a fight only to see Alexi’s grinning face.

“Easy there, Tiger, where’s the fire? In a hurry to get to your boyfriend?”

She beamed. “Yes, actually, I have good news to give him.”

Snowflakes clung to his hair and his lashes and the tip of his nose. He looped his arms around her waist before pulling her in for a kiss. With his lips and tongue he coaxed his way into her mouth, sliding his tongue against hers. He drugged her so her brain didn’t have a hope of functioning properly. When he pulled back, his eyes were stormy with desire. “So what is this good news you have to share?”

“Xander just offered me a position as his assistant.”

Alexi grinned then squeezed her so hard she could hardly breathe.

“From the joyful expression, I assume you said yes.”

“You know, I never would have been able to do this without you?” Unease tripped up her spine. Had he stepped in as her white knight even after she told him not to? “Was this all your doing?”

He shook his head. “Xander came to me and asked my permission. He wanted to make sure I’d be okay with the two of you working together. But it was all him. This time I get to just be the happy boyfriend.”

“I have never been so happy in my life, Alexi.”

“Well, good thing for you, I only plan on building on this happy buzz you have going.”

She laughed as he nuzzled her throat. “And just what are these plans of yours?”

“How about we start with us loving each other?”

She grinned up at him. “Done.”



THE END





If you enjoyed this book and would like

to be notified when I release a new book,

please sign up for my newsletter:

http://eepurl.com/MR78f



If you are passionate about my books and would

like to be a member of my Sassy Street Team,

then please join us here:

http://on.fb.me/1iNwMzB





Other Books by Nana Malone



Sexy in Stilettos





What’s worse than having to watch your sister marry your ex fiancé? How about when that fiancé fires you from the family business?



Hyper-organized, event planner, Jaya Trudeaux is used to doing things by the book and never making waves. It’s a strategy that’s served her well until she finds herself in failure alley with no fiancé, no job and her thirtieth birthday looming. Maybe it’s time to change her methods. Starting with an unlikely date to the wedding from hell.



The only thing that can tie carefree, playboy, Alec Danthers down is his formidable step mother. When she calls him home to help find his wayward brother, he never imagines an uptight, list making, sass-talking woman would make him think about putting down roots.



Can Jaya put the lists down long enough to enjoy the ride that is Alec? Will Alec stop running long enough to recognize true love?



Warning: Sexy, sass talking women will make you laugh, cry and want a pair of killer footwear.





Sultry in Stilettos





Don’t miss the next installment of this USA Today Bestselling Series!



Shy, Fantasy Event Planner, Ricca Munroe has never been lucky in love, so when the latest in a long line of Mr. Oh So Wrongs publicly dumps her, she focuses on her career. All she has to do to land the job of a lifetime is work side-by-side with the one man who can break her heart.



Beckett Mills has never been in love. Personal entanglements are a recipe for disaster—that is until one kiss from Ricca Munroe changes everything. Beckett needs this job to fulfill a promise he made. All he has to do is resist the seductive charms of his best friend.



Can Ricca come out of her shell to land her dream job and the love of her life? Can Beckett trust himself enough to actually fall in love and still keep the promise he made?



Warning: Sexy, sass talking women will make you laugh, cry and want a pair of killer footwear.





Sassy in Stilettos





Smart mouthed and in charge, magazine editor, Micha Bennett, has learned the hard way to choose her career over love. When she’s up for the job of a lifetime, the competition becomes deadly fierce. To protect their best asset, her company hires the one person who’s ever put Micha on edge and threatens her sense of control.



Sexy, security consultant, Caleb Atkins, knows what he wants and it’s Micha Bennett. He just has to convince her she wants him too. With ugly shadows in his own past, he’ll die before he lets anything harm the woman he loves. Too bad Micha doesn’t think she needs his protection or his love.



Can Caleb convince Micha to let go of control long enough to fall in love? Or will fear and danger tear them apart?



Warning: Sexy, sass talking women will make you laugh, cry and want a pair of killer footwear.





About Nana Malone



USA Today Bestselling Author, Nana Malone’s love of all things romance and adventure started with a tattered romantic suspense she borrowed from her cousin on a sultry summer afternoon in Ghana at a precocious thirteen. She’s been in love with kick butt heroines ever since.

With her overactive imagination, and channeling her inner Buffy, it was only a matter a time before she started creating her own characters. Waiting for her chance at a job as a ninja assassin, Nana, meantime works out her drama, passion and sass with fictional characters every bit as sassy and kick butt as she thinks she is.

Nana is the author of four series. The Love Match Series includes sassy contemporary romances: Game, Set, Match and Mismatch. The In Stilettos Series includes ultra-sexy and fun multicultural romantic comedies, Sexy in Stilettos, Sultry in Stilettos and Sassy in Stilettos. The Protectors series includes dark and sexy superhero romances, Betrayed (A Reluctant Protector Prequel), Reluctant Protector, Forsaken Protector, and Wounded Protector (Coming June 2014.) The Chase Brothers Series includes sexy, Interracial New Adult Romances, London Bound (Coming April 2014) and London Calling (Expected release October 2014). She also writes sizzling erotic novellas as Q. Malone, Corporate Affairs, Exposed, and The Flirtation.

The books in her series have been on multiple Amazon Kindle and Barnes & Noble bestseller lists as well as the iTunes Breakout Books list and most notably the USA Today Bestseller list.

Until that ninja job comes through, you’ll find Nana working hard on additional books for her series as well as other fun, sassy romances for characters that won’t leave her alone. And if she’s not working or hiding in the closet reading, she’s acting out scenes for her husband, daughter and puppy in sunny San Diego.



website: www.nanamalone.com

facebook: www.facebook.com/nanamalonewriter

twitter: www.twitter.com/nanamalone





Table of Contents





Chapter 1



Chapter 2



Chapter 3



Chapter 4



Chapter 5



Chapter 6



Chapter 7



Chapter 8



Chapter 9



Chapter 10



Chapter 11



Chapter 12



Chapter 13



Chapter 14



Chapter 15



Chapter 16



Chapter 17



Chapter 18



Chapter 19



Chapter 20



Chapter 21



Chapter 22



Chapter 23



Chapter 24



Chapter 25



Chapter 26



Chapter 27



Chapter 28



Chapter 29



Chapter 30



Chapter 31



Chapter 32



Chapter 33



Chapter 34



Chapter 35



Chapter 36



Chapter 37



Chapter 38



Chapter 39



Epilogue



Other Books by Nana Malone



About Nana Malone





