Love Notes

Equilibrium Book 1





Christina C Jones

Warm Hues Publishing





Copyright © 2017 Christina C. Jones

Cover art by Christina Jones,

Images courtesy of istockphoto.com.



All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This is a work of fiction. Any similarity to real locations, people, or events is coincidental and unintentional.





I’ve lost count.

It doesn’t even really matter what number this is – what matters is that I’ve loved every part of unraveling this story. I feel privileged that these characters chose me to tell their story, honestly, and I hope that some measure of that leaks over into your enjoyment of this book. I hope you love it as much as I do.

Thank you, as always, to the people who make this possible for me. Alex, Nicole, Love, Phyllis, for the daily encouragements that keep me on my feet. L.W, M.W, D.P, R.J, J. M, C.J, for the feedback that helped reassure that my path was straight.

And my readers.

Who knew that three years ago, when I first published A Crazy Little Thing Called Love, that fictional backdrop would morph into a vibrant little neighborhood full of character and life? That wasn’t all me – that was you. Your love and encouragement pushed me to keep going, pushed me to look deeper, and that is why Mahogany Heights (Special shoutout to the ladies of Team CCJ – Love in Warm Hues for naming the neighborhood) is what it is today.

Thank you.





I hope you enjoy this story! Please consider leaving a review when you’re done. You can also reach me via my website (www.beingmrsjones.com) on facebook (www.facebook.com/beingmrsjones) on twitter (www.twitter.com/beingmrsjones) or instagram (www.instagram.com/beingmrsjones) For notifications about new releases, sales, events, or other announcements, you can subscribe to my mailing list.

Enjoy!





One.





Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Packing up all your stuff and moving to a whole new place was a cheesy, overused way to signify a fresh start. But the thing about clichés is that they got that way because they were relatable, familiar, relevant to the situation. Say what you will about being the new girl in town, but it was common because it worked.

And I needed this to work like I needed my next breath.

Desperately.

Lucky for me, that next breath came, along with a breeze that swept the faint aroma of sidewalk barbecue, car exhaust, and something else – something sweeter – right across my face. I breathed in deep, trying to place it before some other distinguishing scent of the city overwhelmed my senses.

“Jules!”

A familiar voice pulled my attention, and I looked around, following the sound to the building behind me. My gaze traveled up, past the striped awning of the bike shop that lived on the first level, up to crimson, weather-worn bricks. There, on an ivy-covered wrought iron balcony, stood the highlight of spending a week driving cross-country alone, in a car that had definitely seen better days.

Anika.

“Took you long enough,” she fussed, contradicting the smile on her face.

It was easy to return her smile with one of my own as I finally stepped away from my car, closing the door. “Sorry cousin. I was trying not to rush it, you know? Taking time to enjoy the scenery, appreciate the open road…”

“That’s bullshit and we both know it,” she laughed, gripping the edge of the railing as she leaned over it, practically bouncing on her feet. “Get your ass up here, let me show you our place.”

“I got here like two seconds ago, and you’re already bossing me around?”

Anika smirked. “Did you expect that to have changed?”

“Not really.”

“Good. Get up here!”

Shaking my head, I hit the lock button on the car, then glanced around the neighborhood again. So much had changed in the nine years that I’d been gone that it was barely recognizable, in a good way. What had been an area replete with abandoned buildings and sketchy figures, the kind of area Anika’s mom used to rush us through to get home, was now completely revitalized.

All it had taken was a few to decide on investing back into the community their ancestors had built as a refuge, instead of lining the pockets of others. It wasn’t long before that became the standard – became the priority for the people who grew up here. Their action spurred more action, and that action had been the cultivation of what Mahogany Heights was now. A Black neighborhood that was absolutely thriving.

I pulled open the exterior door of the bike shop, which led into a little foyer. From the entryway, I could open another door to get into the bike shop, but I already knew from Anika’s instructions over the phone that I needed to take the hallway around to the back of the tiny shop, which led to an apartment the shop owner used, or a stairway up to the second level, which was where I needed to go.

I took the stairs two at a time, excited about the prospect of hugging my cousin for the first time in years. I clutched my crossbody bag against my side to keep it from bouncing as I went, not letting it go until I burst through the door at the top of the steps.

I was barely on the other side before a warm body smacked into me, clutching me so tight my lungs could barely expand. The only thing I could do – the only thing I wanted to do – was squeeze Anika right back, choosing hugging over breathing for the moment. The embrace was clearly more important.

“I didn’t know how much I missed your face until just now,” she exhaled in my ear, the crack in her voice letting me know that she was already on the verge of tears.

“I missed you too,” I whispered back, deciding right then that I wouldn’t tease her emotional ass, even if she decided to let those tears flow freely. Not today. Not yet.

“Okay. Okay, I’m cool,” she said, suddenly releasing her grasp and stepping back to fan her face. “Come on. Let me show you the apartment.”

“Can we talk about this first?” I asked, reaching up to run my fingers through the soft, super short curls atop her head – lush coils that replaced the thick mass of ringlets that had been her signature feature for the longest. “When did this happen?”

She sighed. “Just a few days ago, actually. Needed a change.”

I waited until we were inside the apartment, and she’d closed the door to respond to that, with a raised eyebrow. “What was his name?”

“Why do you assume it was because of a guy?” she questioned, crossing her arms and pursing her lips, even though we both knew why, and that my supposition was correct.

“Educated guess. And, I know you didn’t cut it because of a guy, but I know one of these fools led you by the hand to whatever space you were in that made you decide to do it. Am I lying?”

“No.”

“Okay, so….” I waved my hands, circling them around each other in a gesture to get her talking. “What was his name?”

“Oliver.”

Immediately, my nose wrinkled, lips curled downward. “Oliver? Ew.”

“I know!”

Good.

Or, maybe not.

That “I know!” meant that she remembered Aunt Darcy’s lesson about not letting men with nerd-ass names dog you, when they should be honored that they – and their nerd-ass name – were even allowed in your presence. It also meant that she hadn’t heeded it.

“He must’ve been some kinda fine…” I said, moving in to nudge Anika’s shoulder with mine.

She pushed out a heavy sigh that managed to be dreamy, even though it was thick with regret. “Fine as frog hair, girl.”

“Yeah, that’s usually how they get you.” I wrapped my arm around her waist, pulling her into something of a sideways hug as I finally really looked at the apartment.

It was small – something to be expected in the city – but managed to still feel breezy and open, thanks to big windows and high ceilings. Built-in bookshelves lined the walls, cozy furniture grounded the space, and I wasn’t the least bit surprised to see that Anika had managed to make a small piano fit in the space.

“Let me show you your room,” Anika said, grabbing me by the hand to pull me towards a short hall. “Now, I already warned you that it was tiny, but I did my best to make it where you’d love it still, okay?”

I shrugged. “I don’t need much space, you know that. Just a place to sleep and a desk to work.”

“Well, you have at least that.” She gave me a nervous smile before she pushed open the door to a room that made my minimalist heart smile. It was tiny – the full-sized bed turned sideways, and pushed right up against the window was the entire width of the room. It was covered in soft bedding and enough pillows to use it as a seating area when I wasn’t asleep, and a small desk and chair sat against the opposite wall. A door right across the entryway opened into a surprisingly large closet, and above me, Anika had strung lights across the ceiling – a touch she knew I would love.

“It’s perfect, Nik.”

“You really think so? You can tell me the truth. I know it’s small, but mine is only like two feet wider, and—”

“I said it was perfect,” I assured her, stepping in to get a better feel for the space. “You call it tiny, I call it cozy. And look – I have plenty of space.”

Anika watched, then laughed, as I used the empty space in the middle of the room to do a cartwheel, nearly busting my ass when the rug slipped from under me on the hardwood floor. I straightened up, laughing too as I turned the chair in front of the desk around, and dropped into it.

“I’m really glad you’re here Jules,” Anika said, leaning against the doorframe. “Not gonna lie… I was kinda scared you wouldn’t show up.”

I scoffed. “Come on, I’m not flaky like that.”

“I know, you aren’t… usually. However. You told mama you were coming up for the service, but then…”

I shook my head, breaking away from her gaze to stare out the window, at the non-existent view on the other side of the sheer curtains. “Is that what we’re about to do, my first day here?”

“No,” Anika came immediately. “We’re not about to “do” anything, I’m just talking to you. That’s okay, right?”

“About literally any other topic? Sure? Talk my ear off… which I’m sure you planned to do anyway,” I teased, trying to lead us back to the lighter vibe from before.

Anika’s expression was unyielding, not immediately taking the bait. But after another few seconds, her shoulders relaxed, and she rolled her eyes. “Whatever. I’m not the one who always got scolded for talking too much. That was you.”

“Not how I remember it cousin, but I’m gonna let you cook,” I laughed. “We’ll have plenty of time to be motor-mouths together now. Starting with you helping me unpack.”

Anika let out a snort of laughter. “Girl, bye. What do you have, one box of clothes, two boxes of cameras? We have way more stuff than that to talk about.”

I pushed myself up from the chair, heading toward the door. “Um, for your information, I have two suitcases full of clothes… and three boxes of camera equipment.”

“Jules!”

“Whaaat?” I shrugged. “You know where my heart is Nik, don’t front on me now.”

“Ain’t nobody fronting on you,” she laughed, leading the way back to the front door. “I’m just hoping you’ve got something cute in one of those bags, because I’m taking you to the coffee shop tonight.”

“I don’t drink coffee, you know that.”

Anika tossed a grin over her shoulder as she pulled the door open, and started for the stairs. “Oh, you just wait. You’ll see.”

“See what?” I asked, following her.

“The coffee shop,” she said, turning to me as we reached the first level. “Don’t let the name fool you. It is so much more than that.”

“Of course you think so, don’t you work there? Or are you talking about a different one?”

She gave me a disbelieving scowl as she opened the door to get outside, heading straight for the coral-painted Jeep I’d rolled up in. “Once you’ve been to Urban Grind, you’ll understand why around here, it’s the only coffee shop anybody is talking about.”

“Spoken like a head barista,” I teased, handing her a suitcase from the back.

“Just you wait, okay?” Anika grinned, hooking a box under her arm to take upstairs with the suitcase, and still managing to hold the door for me as well. It really did only take a few trips to get my few possessions moved into the apartment, and then Anika came with me to move the car to one of the designated spaces for our building, in a parking deck a block over.

On the short walk back, I discovered the source of the sweet aroma that had welcomed me to the neighborhood. A tiny bakery, with f.w.b. etched into the window was a few doors down from the bike shop.

frosted. whipped. buttered.

“This is cute,” I commented to Anika as I stopped to peer through the window, only to have her grab me by the wrist, tugging me away.

“Yeah, it is, and so is the guy who owns it.”

I planted my feet in my yellow converse, stopping her from pulling me any further. “Hold up. You got history with him or something?”

“What? No. He’s barely ever there.”

“So why are you so eager to pull me away? Those honey buns looked good!”

She nodded. “Yeah, and that is why I’m pulling you away. I’m pretty sure they put crack in their icing – I was eating one every day for breakfast, and had full-fledged withdrawal symptoms when I stopped cold turkey because of what those honeybuns were doing to my thighs. Trust me – that’s not a habit you want to start.”

“Damn, it’s like that?”

“Definitely.”

“Well girl, let me keep it moving then,” I laughed. I had plenty of time to introduce myself to all the local businesses, but for now I was more interested in getting back to the apartment to unpack and get settled in.

It didn’t take much, honestly. Anika’s joke about me having more camera equipment than clothing was deeply rooted in the truth. I’d sold every piece of furniture from my apartment in Emeryville, packing nothing except my wardrobe and shooting equipment for this move. That money had paid for gas and a new set of tires, and everything else went straight into my little bank account – the same account I was draining for this venture.

When Anika’s parents – my Aunt Darcy and Uncle Will – had begged me to move back, to be closer to my family, they’d offered a lifeline.

Their checkbook.

While I appreciated their generosity, one of my biggest goals for this move was making my business happen on my own. Well… mostly on my own. Any offers to clean, help paint, or otherwise set up the space I’d leased without ever stepping foot in it myself would be gladly accepted.

“This is really like… a perfect night,” Anika gushed a few hours later as we stepped out the door of B.Spoked, waving at Brittany, the owner, as we passed. Anika’s big silver hoops flashed bright, reflecting the streetlights as she tipped her head back like she was letting the warm, breezy Spring air settle over her face.

I didn’t say anything, but I agreed. I wasn’t sure if it was the weather, the neighborhood, or both, working in concert to create a vibe that only lifted my already great mood. Anika grabbed me by the hand to lead me down the pavement, dodging a giggling pack of teenage girls, people walking dogs, a flower vendor packing up her sidewalk display for the night. Across the street, there was a guy selling hats and watches, and all I could do was smile and wave when he called out, asking me to check out his merchandise, because Anika was on a mission.

As we approached the big coffeehouse on the corner, I understood why.

“Why is this place popping like a club?” I asked in Anika’s ear as she led me right to the front of the line of people waiting to get inside. Even on the sidewalk, people were grooving to the heavy bassline and guitar of the music carrying from the building, so vibrant that I could practically feel it on my skin.

“Because it basically is,” she told me before she turned, flashing a smile at the security guard at that door before he stepped aside, letting us in. The lights were low, and the crowd was thick, but Anika moved with authority, pulling me past all of that to end up back outside, in a different area this time.

I grinned as she urged me into a chair on the patio, at a table that was already half full.

“Jada, Andrea, Whitney, this my cousin Juliet,” Anika said, finally introducing me to the homegirls I’d heard about over the years.

“Jules is fine too,” I told them, returning the warm greetings they gave me before a server came past, asking about drinks. After we’d put an order in place, I nudged Anika in the side before I leaned to speak into her ear.

“You didn’t tell me it was like this,” I said, and she shook her head.

“I definitely did. You just didn’t believe me,” Anika laughed. “Tonight is kinda crazy though. Songbird Dani is singing, so everybody and their mama is out.”

My eyes went wide. “Are you kidding? A coffee shop, with the kind of juice to get friggin’ Dani, on a Thursday night?”

“I told you. Urban Grind isn’t any regular ass coffee house.”

She wasn’t lying. She had. But I guess I needed to see it to believe it, and sure enough, the crowd that had gathered went wild when Dani stepped on stage, accompanied by her heartthrob keyboardist, Logan. From our seats out on the patio, we could only see her back, but we could hear that pure, soulful voice perfectly, and there was a live feed on the TV monitors that anchored along the pergola-style walls.

In next to no time, Dani and Logan had the whole building enraptured, singing along to her sexy, playful, heart-wrenching, angry, reverential lyrics and buttery vocals. The girl had a little of everything, and I knew damn near all of it, and wasn’t afraid or ashamed to belt those words at the top of my lungs, with everybody else. By the time her set was over, I was hoarse, but I was more than okay with being the victim of a great time.

Once she left, a lot of the patrons did too, but there was still a good sized crowd. Our little group took our party to a table inside, since the night temperature was dropping. After a while, we lost Jada and Andrea to work responsibilities the next day, and then Whitney got scooped up by her boyfriend, leaving just me and Anika at the table.

“I gotta visit the ladies’ room,” she told me, standing up. “I’ll be right back.”

“Wait!” I jumped up, intending to follow. “You’re leaving me by myself?”

Her eyebrow shot up. “Yeah, to go pee.”

“Or, I can go with you…”

“Then who would watch our table?” Anika asked, carefully pronouncing the words, like I was slow. And hell, maybe I was, because I hadn’t even considered that.

“Right,” I nodded. “I’ll wait here.”

“I’ll be right back,” she assured me again, and of course, she wasn’t. After I’d chair danced my way through two songs, turning down more than one offer to dance, I stood up, looking in the direction she went to see if maybe she was stuck in a line for the bathroom.

She was stuck alright.

Stuck in the face of some dude who just looked like his name was Oliver.

I waved in her direction, getting her attention before I pointed toward the bar. She nodded, essentially giving me permission to relinquish the table that we really didn’t need any more anyway, then went to the bar for my standard I’ve already had enough liquor drink, pineapple juice with seltzer and a splash of lime.

I was just raising the glass to my lips when I felt eyes on me, damn near staring a hole in the side of my face. Shyness wasn’t really my “thing”, so I felt very little shame in turning right in the direction the stare was coming from to identify the culprit.

I wasn’t expecting to lock eyes with a living, breathing bar of chocolate.

I know.

There was another of those clichés, but the comparison was more than appropriate. He was deep dark chocolate, with a nice lush beard, and glossy black locs pulled into a pile on top of his head. He was dressed simply – fresh white tee, fresh white sneaks, jeans. He didn’t crack a smile, but he tilted his head up, acknowledging me before his attention went first to the drink in his hand, and then to the performer who’d taken the stage for open mic.

Interesting.

While his attention was elsewhere, I took the opportunity to just observe. He was seated, somewhat near the stage, sitting by himself on an armless couch. After placing his drink on the table, he stretched his arms wide, completely relaxed as his tee shirt pulled across his chest and arms.

Not wanting to get caught staring, I found something else to look at too, but a moment later, I felt his eyes on me again. I let it ride for a few seconds, but then I turned to face him, only for him to look away.

Again.

I took a sip from my drink, and then started in his direction, not caring if he saw me coming. When his eyes came back to me, they widened a little, like he was surprised to find me much closer than before, but I was right in front of him before he had much time to react.

“You know,” I started, taking a seat in the empty space beside him on the couch. “It’s not really polite to stare. If you like what you see, you could just… talk to me.”

His lips parted a little before he let out a quiet chuckle and un-stretched his arms. “Uh… wow,” he said, before swiping a hand over his mouth.

“Wow, what?” I asked, turning my legs in his direction. “What are you “wow”-ing about?”

He sat up, looking at me like he could barely believe I’d sat down. “Well… the fact that you thought I was looking at you because I wanted to holla.”

“I thought?” I lifted an eyebrow. “Are you telling me you weren’t?”

“No, I wasn’t,” he told me, in a rich, deep tone that I could appreciate now that the stage was clear, and the volume in the coffee house had gone down.

I pursed my lips, twisting them to the side in disbelief as I waited for him to drop the façade. “Oh come on,” I said, when he said nothing else, still giving me that same baffled look. “Why the hell else would I have caught you staring, twice?”

The confusion on his face morphed into an awkward sort of smirk as he leaned in a bit, voice lowered like he was giving me confidential information. “Your cut, mama,” he said, gesturing with two fingers toward my hair. “My bad for staring, but the precision of your cut – three equal sections, detailed line work, a nice gradient effect to your fade… it’s impressive. Dope as hell. That’s… what I was looking at.”

Oh.

“Ohhhh,” I repeated out loud, raising my hand to brush my palm over the shaved side of my head before I ran my fingers through my thick curls. “It is pretty dope, isn’t it?”

He nodded. “It is. Who’re you rockin’ with?”

“Excuse me?”

“Your barber. Who is your barber?”

“Oh. Tiana. But she’s not from here. I stopped through and got a fresh cut when I passed through her city on my little road trip to get here. The girl has skills.”

“That she does,” he agreed. “Kudos to her.”

“Uh-huh, yeah,” I said, waving off that line of conversation. “Let’s talk about how you just tried to front like I’m not out here looking good as hell tonight.”

He’d been taking a sip from his drink, and nearly choked when I said that. “Excuse me?”

“You heard me, Mr. I Was Just Looking At Your Cut. You were not just looking at my haircut,” I laughed, putting my own drink down on the table. “You wanna know what I think? The hair may have gotten your attention, but this face is what had you staring.”

He chuckled, shaking his head as he sat back again, looking at me. “I’m not trying to front on you,” he insisted. “I really was studying your cut, that’s it.”

“So you don’t think I’m pretty?”

His eyes got big again. “What? Nah, you’re fine as hell.”

“I am, huh?” I said, fluffing my curls as I let my lips spread into a big smile that he couldn’t have resisted if he tried.

“Okay,” he nodded. “I see what’s happening here, you with the smile, and the hair, and the dimples, all of that.”

I smirked. “Do you really though? Cause I’m pretty sure I caught you all the way off guard just now. Or are you gonna front on me again?”

“I didn’t front on you a first time,” he countered, with the kind of smile that made it very easy to remain in a seat that very well could’ve belonged to another woman. Before I could find out, a server came past, asking if we wanted refills on our drinks.

He said yes, asking for another Hennessey and Coke, and because I was a sucker for a dark man drinking dark liquor, I said yes as well, opting for Sprite and vodka.

“So… am I in someone’s seat right now? In danger of getting swung on?” I asked, meeting deeply amused eyes that were the same color as deep roast in the light from the stage, but seemed glossy black when he turned to fully face me.

“Not really. My boys are off chasing ass, so I doubt they’ll mind.”

“Why aren’t you off doing the same?”

His response was delayed by the delivery of our drinks, and I offered no argument when he instructed the server to put them both on his tab. Once she left, I raised an eyebrow at him, waiting for his response.

“Well?” I prompted, when he still didn’t answer.

“Well what?”

“Why aren’t you off chasing ass like your boys?”

He shrugged, then took a sip of his fresh drink. “Don’t have to. It usually comes to me,” he suggested, giving me a pointed look that made me laugh.

“So you’re caught up now, huh?” I teased. “Welcome to this conversation.”

I raised my glass, and to my absolute delight he met me halfway, clinking his drink against mine.

“Happy to be here.”

“Are you really though?” I asked, then took a swallow of my drink. “Cause a few minutes ago, you tried to—”

“I wasn’t trying to front on you,” he interrupted, with a warm chuckle that gave me a tingly feeling akin to the soda bubbles exploding on my tongue as I drank again. “You gotta stop saying that shit.”

I raised a hand, spreading my fingers wide. “Hey, I’m just standing in my truth here… you should try it.”

“Damn, it’s like that?”

“Yup.”

He nodded, then raked his free hand through his beard. “Okay. The truth then.”

I leaned in, into his personal space, and he didn’t flinch, falter, or pull back, just kept with that cool, penetrating gaze. “Please,” I uttered, sounding it out slowly, as his regard fell to my lips.

“The hair is what got my attention,” he insisted, once our eyes were locked again.

“But…?”

A yielding sort of smirk spread across his lips as he conceded, “But… the pretty face is what kept it. I’ve never seen you before, so… I was curious.”

“Finally, he admits it!” I laughed, dropping my hand onto his knee and squeezing. “I love it when I’m right!”

“It’s all good,” he granted. “Live it up at my expense, I can take it.”

Still grinning, I told him, “So can I…” with a wink that made him suck in a little breath before he pulled his bottom lip between nice, even white teeth.

“You’re really not from around here are you?”

“Technically I am, actually. Grew up near here, moved away, and now I’m back.”

“That’s wassup. Where you coming from?”

“A cozy little town called none of your business,” I replied.

He raised an eyebrow. “Okay… well then, what made you move here?”

“Proximity to family, and starting a business.”

“What kind of business?”

“Not yours,” I told him, then grinned at the flash of frustration that sparked across his face as I finished off my drink. Over his shoulder, I spotted Anika heading my way, with a sexy chocolate of her own in tow. “Give me a second,” I said, then stood up, walking to meet her halfway.

“Jules,” she started, wearing an expression that was distinctly… annoyed? “This is—”

“Oliver,” I finished for her, saying the name like it was gross to my tongue.

Both of them frowned. “What?” Anika asked. “No. No. This is Royal. He’s… shadowing me, I guess,” she explained, gesturing toward him. “You know I told you about my boss, Roman? Well, this is his cousin, and he’s trying to learn the business. I need to walk him through a few things, so I might be a little while. Do you want me to get a car or something for you, and just meet you back at home?”

I shook my head. “Uh… no. I can entertain myself, and then make my way home.”

“Are you sure?” she questioned, sounding concerned. “I am so sorry. It’s your first night here, we’re supposed to be kicking it. It’s supposed to be my night off, but I just got this promotion, and I don’t want to—”

“Nik,” I interrupted, grabbing her shoulders. “It’s fine. I’m fine. Do what you need to do for your job. I’m a big girl, I’ll be okay. And yes, I’m sure, do not ask me again.”

Anika blew out a sigh. “Okay. Okay. I just hate this,” she said, stepping in close so she could lower her voice. “I lowkey hate this dude, and cannot wait until he leaves to open his own shit.”

My eyebrows went up as my gaze shot to Royal, with his strong jaw and smooth skin and haircut and dimples he probably used for evil, giving the rest of us a bad name. “You screwed him, didn’t you?” I whispered back, only to be met with rolled eyes.

“No, I didn’t screw him! Even I can see that he’s a fuckboy. I know better. Why do you think I’ve screwed everybody?!”

I squinted a little, averting my eyes. “Well…”

“Oh kiss my ass Jules,” she hissed as her face dropped into a scowl. “We’ll have a conversation about that later. For now, I need to get this shit over with, so I’ll see you later boo. You be safe tonight,” she said, pulling me into a quick hug before she turned back to Royal. He grinned the grin of a man who knew a little too well just how fine he was, and her lip curled up, barely suppressing a sneer before she gestured for him to follow her.

I watched his eyes go straight to her ass as she walked off, shamelessly ogling as he trailed her. Laughing, I turned back to my chosen “entertainment” for the night, pleased to find that he was, again, openly staring.

I took my time walking back to him, knowing exactly how good I looked in my high-split, floral maxi situation. I wanted him to absorb every second of it, and from the look he was giving me by the time I stopped in front of him, stepping between his open legs, he’d enjoyed the view just as much as I enjoyed giving it.

In the background, Ro James’ Permission came on, and I immediately started moving my hips, snapping my fingers to the beat. He sat back a little more, spreading his arms across the back of the couch to relax as he watched, but I shook my head, brought my hand in front of me to hook a finger at him, beckoning him to his feet.

He was game, apparently. Not one of those “I don’t dance” kinda guys that were so woefully prevalent these days, or one who intended to just stand there, stiff as a board while I twerked on him. As soon as he was on his feet, his hands were at my waist, his touch confident as he eased me over to the dance floor.

“I’m guessing you’ve done this a time or two?” I asked as he effortlessly moved with me, undaunted by my arm draped around his neck, the other swinging freely as I rocked my hips into his.

His smirk was cocky, confidently sexy as he nodded, pulling me closer as the hook started. “Nah. First time.”

I kept a smile on my face after I laughed, and then closed my eyes, settling comfortably into his touch, breathing in the rugged cleanness of his scent. I fought the urge to press my face into his neck and inhale, focusing on the skin-to-skin contact instead. His hands were pleasantly warm against my bare back, taking full advantage of the way my dress dipped in the back, giving him free access to skin.

I swallowed a moan as his thumbs skimmed my waist, and tried to keep my rhythm. But it was hard when he was hard, and the very clear evidence of his arousal was pressed against my stomach. The music shifted, to Twenty88’s Push It, and I took that as my chance to get a little reprieve, turning so that my back was to him.

Not a wise decision.

Because as soon as his arms were back around me, one hand pressed to my stomach, the other at my waist as I grooved to the music, I started wondering just how far he was willing to take this tonight. Once I got myself settled, I planned to focus as solely on my business as I could, no distractions. But until then… what could it really hurt to have a little fun beyond flirting, to be a little… carefree?

It was my first night in town.

A fling was practically required.

Just as I was wondering how to approach the topic, I felt his lips on my neck. Just a delicate brush at first, that could’ve maybe been an accident, but then they were there again, firm and soft and perfect. And then again. And then, a little flick of his tongue, followed by a little more, and then a barely-there sinking of his teeth, and then I was turning to look him in the eyes.

“Come home with me,” he said, before I could even open my mouth.

When I did open my mouth, at first there was no sound. Being “lost for words” was an occurrence outside of my experience, usually, but at that moment, all I could do was nod – which wasn’t good enough, based on the raised eyebrow he hit me with. “Yes,” I told him, finding my voice to answer once it was clear my non-verbal response wasn’t enough.

After that, there was no wasted time, no wasted words, just his hand around mine as he pulled me out of the coffeehouse, back into the warm, clear Spring night. Even with the usual noises of the city, compared to the inside of Urban Grind, the street was quiet, and neither of us was talking.

The silence was loud.

“You know this doesn’t have to be awkward, right?” I asked him, tugging at his hand as he led me down the street. “I’m still cute under these bright lights, you’re still tall and fine,” I said, making him grin. “You don’t have to get all quiet on me.”

“Nah, it’s not like that. Just… sorting through my thoughts, you know?”

I cringed. “Yeah, I actually do. What, are you thinking you were too hasty in asking me to come home with you? Wondering if you made a mistake?”

He stopped walking and turned to face me, with my hand still clasped in his as his thumb strummed gently back and forth over my knuckles. In the streetlight, his eyes were intense brown-black marbles that would’ve frozen me to the spot if his touch hadn’t.

“No,” he answered, seemingly mystified by it. “I’m not wondering that at all. And the fact that I’m not wondering is what has me thinking so damn hard.”

I scraped my teeth over my bottom lip, not caring that I was taking my carefully applied lip gloss with it. “So… are we doing this or not?”

He dropped his hold on my hand, which I first thought was his answer. But then, he grabbed my face instead, cupping my chin in his hand as he tilted my head back, making my eyes go wide. His free hand pressed against the small of my back, pulling my body into his as he dropped his head, and kissed me.

Right there on the sidewalk.

Immediately, my eyes closed and I parted my lips, giving in to the insistence press of his tongue at their seam. Honking cars, passing laughter, sirens, everything blurred together into indistinguishable noise as he consumed me with a smoky-sweet, Hennessey and Coke flavored kiss that had my toes curling under the straps of my wedges.

My hands twisted around fistfuls of that crisp white tee as his tongue lapped against mine and then diverted, exploring my mouth. He pulled back, teasingly nibbling at my lips, first the top and then bottom before he dove in again, kissing me in a way that made it impossible to take a full breath, just shallow tastes of air that contributed to my intoxication.

And he was the controlled substance of choice.

“Yes,” he said in a low voice, finally answering my question once he pulled back. “We’re doing this.” As if to emphasize his point, he grabbed my hand again, leading me up the steps of the building we’d stopped in front of. I opened my mouth to protest, only to snap it shut again when he pressed a random-to-me number sequence into the aging keypad beside the door, and the sound of a disengaged lock hit my ears.

Inside, he led me straight to the elevators, giving me a look that made me grateful an empty one opened as soon as he pressed the call button. My heart was racing, thumping against my chest, roaring in my ears as he backed me into it, straight into the corner, where he kissed me again.

This time, one hand went into my hair, his fingers grazing my scalp as he buried them in a loose, possessive grip on my curls. His other hand went lower, slipping down the curve of my waist before settling lower, palming a handful of my ass to pull me closer. I moaned into his mouth as he pressed me harder into the wall, dipping his head to deepen the kiss as the elevator creaked toward whatever floor he’d chosen.

I couldn’t help the disappointed sound I made in my throat when he pulled away, once the elevator chimed to signal that we’d arrived. He practically snatched me out, rushing me down the hall so fast that the elevator doors were still sliding closed when he pulled keys from his back pocket, letting us inside his apartment.

That was where I broke away from him, more interested than I should be in what his place looked like. It was an open loft, with worn hardwood floors and exposed beam work in the ceiling – obviously a feature of a remodel, since this was an older building. Still, there was obvious charm. Exposed brick, carved woodworking around the windows. And it was obvious from the décor choices – dark leather furniture with modern lines, Black artwork on the walls, comfortable rugs – that this guy cared about the balance of the old and new.

Just… not right now.

Right now, he seemed exponentially more interested in backing me against a wide pillar that anchored the middle of the loft, and using the high split I’d loved so much as an access point to get underneath my dress. He met my gaze as his fingers hooked the sides of my panties, and dragged them down.

“Straight to the point, huh?” I asked, holding his gaze as he kneeled to pull my panties down the lower part of my legs, then waited for me to step out.

“That a problem for you?” he queried back, tossing them over his shoulder once he’d straightened up again.

A smirk spread across my lips as I reached up, untying the halter-style bow around my neck. As soon as it was loose, I dropped the ties, letting my dress fall with it, leaving me totally nude as it pooled around my feet in a mashup of color.

“No,” I said, shaking my head. “Not at all.”

“Damn,” he muttered, in an appreciative tone that widened my grin.

“I know.” His eyebrows went up as I grabbed his belt buckle, pulling hard to tug him closer. “Now… your turn.”

He hooked his fingers together behind his head, watching my hands as I undid his belt, then his buttons and zipper before I pushed his jeans down. The impressive bulge sprouting beneath his boxers was calling my name, but since I was a believer in big reveals, I ignored it, reaching for the hem of his shirt instead, after he’d stepped out of his shoes and jeans.

He took over the removal of his shirt, treating me to an up-close and personal view of the smooth, espresso-toned skin that covered his chest. His body was nice – thick enough to have something to hold on to, but nicely cut, with all the grooves and ridges. What I really cared about though, was underneath his boxers, and I was ready to see it.

Before I could go for what I wanted though, he’d scooped me into his arms, easily hefting me over his shoulder.

My shocked gasp quickly turned into a shout of laughter as he carried me to a part of the loft that had been partitioned off – a part I quickly realized was his bedroom. He tossed me onto the bed, making me laugh again as he flipped on the lamp on the bedside table to dig in the drawer, coming up with a condom that he tossed at me to catch.

I did, then watched, enthralled, as he rid himself of his boxers, allowing his dick to spring free – long, just as black as he was, and mouthwateringly thick.

Down girl, I told myself, knowing that I couldn’t do what I wanted to do with a dick like that when it belonged to a stranger. But my face must have given me away, because his barely-suppressed smirk was cocky as hell as he stepped up to the edge of the bed.

I was right there to meet him, having raised up on my knees, moving closer to where he was. I tore the wrapper open and tossed it away, looking him right in the eyes as I rolled the latex onto him, then kept him in my hands, stroking him.

“This is perfect. You know that, right?” I asked him, unabashedly feeding his ego, even though he hadn’t really proven himself yet.

He planted one of his big hands on either of my ass cheeks, cupping and squeezing. “You know I wanna – nah, am gonna, fuck the shit outta you, right?”

I tightened my grip on his dick, making him groan a little as his hips rocked reflexively forward. “You know I’d rather you be about it than talk about it, right?”

His eyes narrowed, bringing back that intensity that sent a shiver up my spine, and he said one word before he was on me.

“Bet.”

Instead of pushing me backward, like I would have expected, he used his grip on my ass to easily scoop me up, catching me so off guard that I let him go. He had my legs around his waist before I even knew what was happening, and then lined himself up with my opening and pulled me onto him in one swift, firm motion that yanked a cry from my throat as I helplessly clutched at his shoulders.

Then we dropped to the bed, with me landing on my back against the plush material of his comforter as he put the full weight of his body into a stroke that filled me past capacity.

“Oh my God,” I cried, digging my nails into his back as he circled his hips, pressing all the way into a spot that had my legs feeling like jello already. I didn’t breathe until he finally pulled back, but he snatched my breath again with the next stroke. And the next, and the next, and the next, until I was breathing like the women in Lamaze classes on TV as he did exactly what he claimed he would.

He grabbed my ankles, holding my legs in the air as he pounded into me, and I screamed my head off. Every cry, moan, whimper, every single shout I felt, I let it out, because that’s what you did with a one-night stand, you didn’t hold back. And apparently he felt the same, because he was giving me every possible inch of him, driving into me with exactly the kind of focus and vigor my last sexual encounters had desperately lacked.

I needed this.

Especially the explosive orgasm that rocked me just a few moments later, in what felt like record time, especially considering that the only foreplay had occurred before we were even in his apartment. Still, as I collapsed onto his bed after he’d shuddered his way through his own eruption, I didn’t feel like he owed me a single thing. I closed my eyes, reveling in the moment of feeling amazingly boneless, appreciating the fact that he wasn’t trying to talk to me, or cuddle.

I felt, rather than saw him leave the bed, and didn’t open my eyes until I could no longer hear his footsteps padding away as he presumably went to take care of the condom. Biting down on my lip, I shook my head. I was so satisfied with myself that it was ridiculous, but experience had taught me the importance of quitting while I was ahead. It was time for me to go.

… if only my legs would work.

Unfortunately for me, those deep strokes had rendered them temporarily useless, and it wasn’t until he’d come back and spread himself out beside me that I could really feel them again. When I could, I pulled myself up and climbed out of bed, stopping for a moment to stretch my limbs.

“The bathroom is right beside the kitchen,” he told me, sitting up.

I nodded. “Thanks. I’m gonna clean up a bit, and then I’ll be out of your hair.”

For some reason, that seemed to surprise him, enough that he sprang up as I took a few steps, grabbing me by the wrist and pulling me between his legs as he moved back to a seated position on the bed.

“You serious?” he asked, licking his lips. “Not up for a second round?”

I grinned, running my fingers through the locs that had come disengaged from the band that was keeping the rest back. “I didn’t know you’d have a second round in you.”

“Well… now you do.” He released his hold on my arm to move his hands up my sides, his touch featherlight until he reached my breasts. There, he cupped his hands underneath, in a gentle caress as his thumbs skirted over my nipples.

I sucked in a breath as he moved his thumb, covering me with his hot mouth instead, rasping his tongue over the hard peak. My hands went deeper into his hair, burying my fingers in his locs to keep his head in place as he sucked my sensitive flesh.

“O-oh,” I breathed, damn near falling into him when I suddenly felt his hand between my legs, covering his fingers in my wetness before they plunged into me. A low moan pulled away from my throat as his thumb pressed against my clit, circling as he stroked me with his fingers. His free hand tweaked and pulled at the nipple that wasn’t in his mouth, and just like that… I was definitely staying.

My gaze traveled down, watching his fingers disappear between my legs before I shifted to watch what he was doing with his mouth. He gave me another one of those smirks as he pulled back a little, looking me right in the eyes as he grazed me with his teeth, then licked the same spot to soothe the sting.

Oh, he was good. He was very, very good.

I closed my eyes, giving myself over to pleasure as he pushed all the right buttons for me. And when he pulled that drawer open again for another condom, I happily climbed aboard, intent on securing another win for the night by riding him like my life depended on it.

He had other plans.

As soon as I sank onto him, he grabbed my face, pulling me into a kiss. And then another, and another, and the next thing I knew, I was slow grinding into his lap like I had Quiet Storm music playing in my head.

“You feel so goddamn good,” he groaned in my ear, just before he did something that was half-bite, half-suck, and would definitely leave a mark on my neck.

“Holy shit, you too,” I whimpered, helpless, as he grabbed me by the hips, taking over with upward strokes that brought tears to my eyes as he plunged into me.

I can’t go out like this!

With more force than was probably necessary, I shoved him backward, planting my hands on his chest once he was mostly flat across the bed, with his legs still propped over the side. I pressed in, anchoring my knees against his sides before I started circling my hips, keeping that motion as I moved up and down on him.

“Fuck,” he hissed, closing his eyes as he locked his hands behind his head, after I batted him away from my breasts. His touch felt a little too good, and I needed to be focused, needed all my attention on this.

I sat up, shifting positions to use my feet as the necessary leverage for a little more bounce, enough to have him letting off another stream of curses he couldn’t help. My power move was a double-edged sword though, because next thing I knew, his hand was between my legs again, and it was… God, it was too much. The sweet friction of him being buried deep inside me, the teasing stimulation of fingers against my clit, and goddamn….

“Ahhhh!” I cried, letting out the burst of pleasure I felt as he sat up, catching a nipple in his mouth again, clamping tight enough to skirt the line between bliss, and pain. I wanted to push him away, wanted him to not feel so damned good, but neither of those things happened.

What did happen was me basically melting into liquid on his dick, babbling incoherently as I came again, harder than the first time. I collapsed onto his shoulder, unable to move as he slammed into me one last time, with a harsh grunt that set off a whole ‘nother round of convulsions between my legs.

This time, when we fell into bed together, he stayed engaged, keeping his arms locked around me as he settled back. He was still inside of me, had gone soft after his orgasm and then come back to life by the time I felt lucid enough to try to move, only to be met with his quiet snores.

Shit.

I relaxed into his chest, almost feeling bad about waking him up so I could leave. After what he’d done for me, I kinda felt like he deserved this sleep. He’d earned it, for making my body feel this good.

With a heavy sigh, I decided that it couldn’t hurt anything to let him sleep for a bit.

Might not be a bad idea to catch a few Zs yourself…

Hmm.

Maybe not.

Sleeping in men’s beds – especially strange ones – wasn’t my thing, so I knew I wouldn’t do too much. Just a few minutes… just a power nap, then I would try to untangle myself, and sneak out. I could easily make my way home.

With that settled, I made myself comfortable against him, looking up at his sleeping face. He wasn’t the type of handsome that could classify him as a “pretty boy”, but with that deep, rich brown skin, lush beard, and those locs… he was beautiful.

I smiled to myself, happy with the way I was ending my first night as a new resident of Mahogany Heights. The impromptu Dani concert, and then… this, with him, had been a perfect welcome.

As I closed my eyes, intent on making sure that I really did stay just a few more minutes, there was only one thing that left me feeling the tiniest bit unsettled.

…. I wonder what his name is.





Two.





How am I gonna get this chick outta my bed?

That wasn’t my first thought upon waking, but it was the one that stuck, once I’d fully opened my eyes and registered the slight fuzziness in my brain – the aftermath of brushing too close to the line of drinking too much.

I hadn’t been drunk, not even close. Nah, I didn’t get to use inebriation as an excuse for doing something I’d sworn off at the end of last year, after a talk with my mentor had me realizing my actions were counterintuitive to what I claimed I wanted. Drinking and chasing pussy weren’t getting me closer to my goal, and barely felt like a good time anymore, honestly.

So then why did you bring this girl home?

Good fucking question.

I started to shake my head at myself for my internal back and forth, then froze, not wanting my motions to wake her up yet. Not before I had a plan to get her out of here, or at least some opening dialogue, something. I wasn’t trying to be rude, but whatever spell she’d worked on me last night had worn off, and it was time for me to regain the sanctity of my space.

After a few seconds of gathering my thoughts, I made my move, turning to the other side of the bed to just tell the truth, instead of bullshitting about it.

Only problem?

The space was empty.

Shit, shit, shit.

That meant she was up and about, loose in my apartment, doing God knows what. I flipped the covers back, and the blast of cool air on my skin reminded me that I’d never gotten up to dispose of the condom that was now a sticky mess in the bed.

This is exactly what I get, I scolded myself, throwing on some shorts just for the sake of not being naked while I searched my apartment for…

Damn.

What the hell is her name?

Instead of calling out for her using a name I didn’t even have, I stepped into the main living space of the loft and looked around. With the way it was designed, there wasn’t really anywhere she could be except the bathroom, which was empty when I peeked inside.

She was gone.

And that unleashed yet another wave of panic, before I did a quick inventory, making sure everything was where it was supposed to be. TV, laptop, stereo, cell phone, wallet… there was nothing out of place, which was a relief, because the shit could’ve easily been a lot different.

Her fine ass could’ve robbed me blind while I was sleeping off two nuts.

When I checked the door, I saw that she’d at least locked the bottom one behind her, even though she couldn’t do anything about the deadbolt without a key. I turned it myself, then padded back to my bedroom, where I stopped at the foot of the King-size mattress, surveying the havoc we’d wreaked on the sheets before I bent and started pulling them off.

Something foreign invaded my senses when I moved around to her side, making me stop for a second. It had been a nice little minute since a woman’s scent had permeated my space, but the girl from last night… hers was distinctive.

Her hair had smelled of tea tree oil and peppermint, and something fruity I hadn’t quite been able to place. She’d left it behind on the pillow, along with a few smudges of makeup. And her skin… shit. An uninvited memory of velvet-soft, brown-sugar skin hit me like a left hook, bringing back flashes of her throaty moans, pecan-colored nipples, and the scent of roses, and jasmine.

I shook it off, heading to the other side of the bed to unstick the condom and get rid of it, then finish taking off the sheets. It wasn’t until I had the bundle of soiled fabric gathered in my arms that I noticed a much smaller bundle, folded neatly on my bedside table. I dropped the sheets and stepped closer to inspect, narrowing my eyes until I realized what I was looking at.

Her panties.

I picked them up, hating myself for the way my dick responded just to the sight of them, not even getting to the subtle whiff of last night’s arousal that still clung to the flimsy hot pink fabric. Once they were in my hands, I noticed the note underneath – a scrap of paper she’d pulled from the pad at my desk.

Thank you for a fantastic welcome to the neighborhood.

That was all it said. No name, no initials, nothing, just – essentially – thanks for the dick, in neat, elegant cursive, and her hot-pink underwear as a parting gift. If nothing else, the girl knew how to leave an impression, and as disappointed as I was with myself that last night had even happened… I didn’t bother trying to stop the grin that took over my mouth.

Even though I knew the shit was a bad decision, the idea that it was a mistake wouldn’t take hold in my mind. Beyond the sex, before the sex, she’d just been flat out dynamic, the likes of which I’d never met in my life. Bold, confident, easy to talk to, and – obviously – not looking for a damn thing from me.

A year ago, I would’ve considered her perfect. Now, she just represented a flawed ideal I’d created, a connection to a lifestyle I was trying to grow up from. Nothing against her, at all. She was dope. Just… not what I needed.

In the little laundry area beside the bathroom, I dumped the sheets into the washing machine, and then started it up. After I had that going, I opened the garbage can, intending to toss those panties in, but for some reason… I couldn’t bring myself to do it. Instead, I tossed them into the basket with the other laundry I’d take care of later, then got my ass into the shower to do the clean-up I should’ve done the night before.

Once I was clean, dressed, and had some breakfast in my stomach I went on about my day, grabbing my wallet, keys, and cell on the way out. As usual for a Friday morning, the city was at it’s most crowded – a line out the door at UG, thick traffic, congested sidewalks, and it wasn’t even seven in the morning yet. I shook my head as I ducked down an alley between the buildings, tossing up a hand to the ladies already having a cigarette break at the hair salon a few doors down.

Even though it was early, I was behind, so I wasted no time getting into the shop through the back door and starting the process of opening up. Making sure the stations were clean, making sure there were plenty of clean towels, making sure everything for any chemical services was in place, all of that. Of course it was already done, since I went through this process every night as well, but still. Staying ready so you don’t have to get ready, all of that.

I’d just settled into my chair in the office to make sure our numbers were right for the week when I heard the bell chime over the door, letting me know someone else had come in. A few moments later, Russ and Monty – the homeboys I’d left at Urban Grind to go off with last night’s nameless playmate – were at the door, looking alarmingly triumphant.

“What’s up?” I asked, sitting back in the office chair. “Y’all got big money coming in today or something? Early appointments? Why y’all in the door grinning like comic book villains?”

Russ grinned harder as he held up a pair of trimmers, flipping them on with a flourish that filled the silence with a steady electric buzz. “Hell yeah, we have an appointment, bruh. With you.”

I frowned. “With me? What are you talking about?” I asked, casting a suspicious eye at those trimmers as they stepped inside.

Monty sucked his teeth, crossing his arms as he leaned back against the wall. “You said he was gonna do this,” he told Russ. “You were right.”

“Aren’t I always?” Russ asked. “Even though he’s the one who said it. He’s the one who laid shit on the line, now he wants to act like he doesn’t remember.”

“Remember what?” I asked, tossing up my hands. “Drop a hint or something.”

“I’ma just tell the shit flat out,” Monty said. “When you first got on your brand new, I ain’t chasing bitches no mo’ bullshit, we let you cook, right? Ain’t really argue with it, cause we know you boy. You love the ladies, the ladies love you. Shit wasn’t gonna last long.”

“Nah, nah, nah, man,” Russ interjected, lowering his voice to a deeper pitch that was obviously supposed to mimic mine. “I’m serious about this shit, no more games, homie. I’m off this. The next chick I take home, she gotta be one I’m ready to lock down, on some real shit.”

“But Troy,” Monty said, playing what I assumed was the voice of un-reason. “You’ve said all this before, and went right back to smashing left and right.”

“That was different, boy!” Russ grabbed a black towel from a basket of clean, unfolded ones, and draped it over his head like a wig that was supposed to portray my locs. “I’m thirty-one, time to grow up. I can’t be on this toddler shit forever like the rest of y’all. I’m not making no booty calls, not sending any “you up” texts, not entertaining exes, none of that. Not giving any of these broads any attention, unless she’s gonna be my future, bruh.”

Monty shook his head. “Man, don’t nobody believe that shit, doc. Nobody buying that, you can hang it up, you won’t last a week.”

“Bet money though,” Russ insisted. “Check this – I’m so serious about this shit, if you catch me with a chick that I’m not on some serious shit with? I’ll…”

I watched, eyes wide, as Russ slid that towel off his head while he motioned with the clippers, reminding me of the “bet” I’d made with these dudes months ago. And while a bit of liberty had been taken with the language, I couldn’t pretend that their little performance wasn’t pretty damn close to what the reality had been.

“Oh y’all thought I was serious,” I replied with a chuckle, only for my attempt to play it off to be met with matching scowls.

“I got a fucking Golden State logo tatted on my leg behind “making bets” with you muhfuckas,” Monty reminded. “Y’all stayed on my neck about following through, so I nutted up and did the shit. Cavs lost, I got the tat, cause y’all held me to it.”

“I’m not even a Warriors fan!” I stood up, hoping that being at eye level would help him see reason, but he shook his head.

“Man, that didn’t stop your ass from tag-teaming about keeping my word, so guess what? Your turn, homey.”

“Man, come on,” I exclaimed. “I mean… is there… evidence that I broke my word?”

Monty and Russ both busted out laughing, and then Russ spoke up, finally turning the trimmers off. “I know goddamn well you’re not about to act like you weren’t all over shorty’s fine ass in UG last night.”

Monty chimed in with, “Like we didn’t clock you all on her neck before you rushed up outta there with her. What the hell else were you doing with her, taking notes on her barber’s technique?”

“Hey, it was a dope ass haircut!” I maintained, focusing on the one and only thing I could defend. It really was her hair that had gotten my attention, big natural, blonde-tipped curls that popped against her skin. But then she’d turned, and I saw the intricate work on her fade – a detail that made her style distinctive – and I took a second look. And then I noticed those big, mischievous brown eyes, dimples, and full lips, and I hadn’t been able to look away.

Russ scoffed. “Yeah, okay. You wanted to talk about her hair, while her titties were looking like goddamn in that dress. Whatever you say. You just bring ya’ ass out to this chair.”

“What’s going on, fellas?”

All of us straightened up a little at the sound of Carter’s voice, coming from the doorway. It wasn’t like we were scared of him or anything like that, but well… he owned the place. Nobody wanted to be caught slipping on the job. But since we weren’t even really on duty yet – not to mention I was the shop manager anyway – we all relaxed once the initial shock of his sudden appearance was gone.

“Carter, whassup’?” Russ asked, turning to dap him up as he joined us in the office. “We were just reminding Troy here of a little… accountability exercise he initiated. Being the great friends that we are, we came in a little early to deliver his consequence for not following through. You know… since you don’t really learn the lesson if you don’t have to face the repercussions.”

Carter nodded, his eyes narrowing a bit as he turned to me. “Yeah… right. What did our friend here fail to deliver on?” he asked, and my heart dropped a little, because I knew Monty and Russ didn’t get how significant this was for me. Not the locs – I wasn’t emotionally attached to the hair, not really.

We were just in front of possibly the only person I cared about being disappointed in me.

“Casual sex, your honor,” Monty joked, earning a laugh from Russ, and raised eyebrows from Carter. “Our boy promised he was growing up, was gonna find his wifey, but he took a… wholesome young lady home last night.”

Carter shrugged. “Maybe this… wholesome young lady is wifey though. What’s her name, Troy?”

My mouth opened, but nothing came out. “I… uh…I was kinda sleepy, so...”

“Daaaamn,” Russ and Monty laughed, in unison, but the little amusement in Carter’s face fizzled as he realized that I didn’t have an answer to his question.

“Forgetting names, huh?” he asked, and I wordlessly nodded, knowing that “forgetting” sounded a whole lot better than “didn’t know in the first place.” He chuckled a little. “Not gonna lie – I remember those days.”

In the background, Russ and Monty kept up their childish giggling, but they didn’t know what I did – that Carter didn’t view those days favorably. He wasn’t that much older than me, only thirty-five, but he saw his family – his wife and daughter – as the best things to happen to him. His saving grace.

“Well,” he continued, looking me right in the eyes as he held out his hand to Russ. “May as well get it over with.” He motioned for the clippers, and Russ eagerly put them in his hands. “If you’re game, Troy… I haven’t done a cut in a while.”

Nodding was the easiest decision I’d made in a while. For one, he was still the best barber I knew, and for two… it only felt right for him to do it, since I really did feel as if I’d let him down.

A few minutes later, I was in the chair, with Russ’ camera phone in my damn face as I watched almost a decade of hair fall to the ground. Again – I wasn’t really messed up about the hair. If I wanted to grow it back, I would. I was more bothered by what this entire scenario represented – a failure that shouldn’t have happened.

Still though, my issue was with my failing, not… the act. And even that wasn’t the correct framing of it in my mind.

I couldn’t figure out the correct framing, which was part of what was bothering me.

When she’d asked me, right in front of my building, if I thought it was a mistake, she was giving me an out. I could’ve taken it, and with her, I honestly doubted that there would’ve been hard feelings.

I hadn’t wanted an out though.

What I’d wanted was to taste the lips she’d been using to charm me since she first sat down, and so that’s what I did, but a kiss hadn’t been enough. Hell, even last night hadn’t been enough, considering the things I’d wanted to do to her, but held back on because of the little voice in the back of my head reminding me that she was a stranger.

A beautiful one, but still a stranger.

“You not gone cry in the car after this are you?” Monty asked, with a boisterous laugh that pulled me out of my thoughts.

“Whatever bruh,” I shot back, laughing with him but keeping my head still as Carter did the detail work on my fade. “Worry about whether your team is gonna make the championships or not.”

Immediately, Monty’s expression went cold. “Low blow man. I thought we were better than that.”

“Surprise, muhfucka, obviously not,” I said, chuckling as I pointed to my locs on the floor.

“A bet is a bet,” Russ chided. “Nothing personal.”

I scoffed. “Keep that same energy when you get back with Miori and you have to come up off those vinyls.”

“Hell yeah, now you’re speaking my language,” Monty nodded. “Yo – we gotta get to them before she throws all his shit on the curb. You know she got that temper like woah.”

Russ shook his head. “Nope. Nuh-uh. Not happening. I told y’all, that’s a toxic situation, that I’m not going back to. Hashtag, self-care.”

I held up a hand for Carter to give me a second, so I could give my head the full tilt of disbelief, because, “Toxic for who? For her? Cause you’re the one on the bullshit – Miori could do so much better than you,” I jeered, and Monty and Carter laughed, cause the shit was the truth.

“Damn right. You lucky I respect you enough to leave your old work alone, cause her little ass is fine in Black and Japanese.”

“At least thirty-five times finer than any of the broads you have her stressed out over. Talking about some damn hashtag self-care. Dude you need to be paying that girl for pain and suffering,” I laughed, not giving a damn about the fact that Russ was pouting now.

“So y’all been looking at my girl?!” he asked in a huff, dropping his phone in his pocket to stop recording, and moving to his own station as the clock shifted to the hour that made the timer on the “Open” sign switch on.

I chuckled. “Hell yeah, did you not hear us say she was fine?”

“That last post on IG, lawd have mercy,” Monty whistled, putting a hand to his chest. “Bad bitch contest, she in first place.”

Russ frowned, then snatched his phone out again, anxiously tapping on the screen until his eyes got big. “Man, hell nah! Why the fuck she on the beach in goddamn me… dental floss?!”

Monty laughed, walking over to clap Russ on the shoulder. “I don’t know, but milk did that body good.”

“Get the hell off me man, I gotta go!”

“Hey, she already told you not to be starting mess at her job!” I called after his retreating back as he stormed out to go… start some mess at her job, probably.

“I hope she pops his ass in the eye,” a feminine voice sounded, and a moment later, Annette walked past to get to her station, smelling like patchouli and oranges, like always. As hard as I’d tried to keep a female barber in the shop, they always seemed to get poached by the salon, with Annette being a notable exception. When I asked her why, she claimed it was because she preferred the environment of the barbershop over the gossipy, catty bullshit of the salon, but I wasn’t really buying it.

Mainly because all these dudes did over here was gossip too.

“What happened?” she asked, flipping her long braids over her shoulder as she started setting her station up. “Eddie talked you into cutting your locs off cause he cut his? You not as pretty as him, you know that right?” she teased, then turned for the front door as the bell chimed, and her client came in.

“Nah, lost a bet,” I explained, an answer that made her wrinkle her nose as she draped a cape around the guy who’d just sat down. “But what, you saying I don’t look good though?”

She sucked her teeth. “You already know the answer to that,” she said, giving me a quick wink before she turned her chair and her client around, ending the conversation so she could focus on her work.

The timing was perfect though, because Carter had finished up, turning me toward the mirror to see what almost felt foreign to me now. I’d had those locs almost my entire adult life, and seeing myself without them brought back uncomfortable feelings of a kid I’d left behind with good reason.

“You cool, bruh?” Carter asked, almost like he knew what I was thinking. I quickly shook those memories off, and nodded.

“Yeah. Of course. Cut is fire, as always,” I told him, waiting until he’d brushed me off and unhooked the cape to step up to the mirror, surveying myself a little more. I didn’t have to lie – the cut did look good. Faded low, with absolute precision on the sides, and a good amount of length left on top, thanks to my neglect of a retwist over the last few months. As soon as that crossed my mind, a bit of a burden left my shoulders, because that was a whole other drama I would get to leave behind.

“You still cute or whatever,” Annette called out, bringing a chorus of laughter as more and more people, barbers and clients, started to fill the shop.

I laughed as I dapped Carter up, shaking my head when we went in to bump shoulders and he stopped me, asking in a low voice if I needed to talk.

“I’m good, really,” I told him, glad that Monty had moved on to be in Annette’s face, leaving us in relative privacy. “Just… a slip-up. That’s all.”

Carter shrugged. “I’m not your pops, dude. You ain’t gotta answer to me like that.”

“Need to answer to somebody, right?” I asked, pushing my hands into the pockets of my jeans. “You know I—”

“You don’t have to explain that shit to me man,” he said, waving me off. “And… I get it, and you know I’m good with it. Honored, actually. I’m just saying… shit happens, no reason to beat yourself up. Was she good?”

My mouth dropped open. “I…um.”

“Meaning, sober enough to know what was happening, got home safe, no drama, all of that. Not… a performance review doc, come on,” Carter chuckled as he reached for the broom.

“Shit, my bad, I’m—”

“Tripping?” he finished for me. “Yeah, I noticed. Besides, I already know the answer to the other question, if you already forgot her name.”

I cringed. “Yeah. About that… it’s really not so much that I forgot her name, so much as… never did get her name.”

His eyebrows went up. “Oh, damn. It was like that?”

“Yeah. She was pretty much sober though, as far as I could tell. And about her getting home safely or not… I can’t really say. She was gone when I woke up.”

“With just her things?”

A laugh shot from my belly. “Yo, that was my first thought too, but yeah, she left with only what she came with. Mostly. She left her panties on my bedside table with a note.”

“Oh, damn. That’s some boss shit. Shorty had some swag about her, huh?”

I shook my head. “Some? Man, all of it. She approached me. Smooth as hell with it too.”

“No wonder you got that ass caught up,” Carter laughed, shaking his head.

I was getting ready to respond when, “Uh-oh, here comes Troy’s pussy!” rang out across the shop, from nobody but Monty’s goofy ass as he looked up from a cut. A groan rumbled in my chest as the whole shop started up with the usual bullshit. A glance behind me told me why – Storm.

She sauntered in from wherever she’d been lurking in the back, green eyes blazing as she weaved through a few chairs before she stopped in front of me and sat down, staring like she was trying to figure me out. Or more likely – figure out where my locs had gone.

“Whassup’, you got a problem?” I asked, only for her to twist her head into a disapproving tilt that sent a low, “Ooooh,” through the shop.

“Don’t encourage this diva shit,” I scolded them, then returned my gaze to her, waiting for a response. She stared for a few more seconds then returned to her feet, purring as she snaked through my legs and then disappeared into the back again, flexing her tail.

As soon as she was gone, Carter laughed. “So I guess she approves?”

“With her, it’s hard to tell,” I told him, shaking my head as we finished cleaning up. Storm was just about as moody as her name suggested, even though I’d chosen it because of her gray and white coloring. Like me, she’d been a stray, and I quickly learned what the conventional wisdom of not feeding them was all about. I didn’t mind the shit though, honestly. Me and her had a bit in common.

I was dusting off my hands when the shop phone rang, and I moved to pick it up, knowing that Carter’s presence was simply his weekly drop-in.

“Fresh Cuts,” I answered, as the shop exploded in an uproar about something else, so loud that I had to press a finger to my ear in an attempt to hear what the woman on the line was saying.

“… local photographer, just opened up in Mahogany Heights. Right across from you actually, but anyway… I have this idea for a photo series I’d like to do, to get my name out around town. I’d love it if I could have your permission to come in and get a few shots. It wouldn’t take long, I promise, and I’ll just fade into the background, no need to do anything special, or go to any trouble. So… can I?”

I shrugged, barely understanding what she was talking about as one of the customers stood up in the middle of the floor, telling a wildly offensive joke, with gestures, that made me glad Annette was the only woman in the room – she was laughing the hardest.

“Uh, hold on,” I told her, then looked around, catching Carter’s attention. “Yo, some lady is on the phone, asking if she can come in and take pictures of the shop?”

He frowned. “For what, like a Yelp review or something?”

“Nah, a photo series or something. She’s a photographer, says she’s right across the street from us.” I moved a bit so I could see out the window, and sure enough, the previously empty storefront across the street now boasted a logo on the front window. Love Notes Photography, it said, with a sketch of an old-school polaroid underneath, with a heart serving as the subject of the photograph. “See?” I told Carter, pointing out the window.

“Oh she’s local? Yeah, she’s good then. We support our own,” he said, then tossed up a hand in a parting gesture as he headed out.

“Yeah,” I said, putting the phone back up to my ear. “The owner says it’s cool, so I guess you can come by whenever, if we’re supposed to just… be on some “everyday” sh- stuff.”

“Really?!” she squealed in my ear, and I laughed at her excitement. “Oh my God, thank you!” she said, or… at least I thought that was what she said, because now Annette was cussing Monty out.

“Uh, you’re welcome. We’ll see you when you come in,” I told her, quickly hanging up the phone so I could handle the drama between Monty and Annette.

The day went by fast after that, with all the typical shit that came along with a Friday in the shop. Keeping the vibe mellow, making sure everything was stocked, keeping things running smoothly, in between making sure my clients were taken care of.

By the end of the day, I was exhausted.

I declined the invitation to go out and kick it – I’d gotten myself in enough trouble with that the night before, so I was taking this one off. Monty, Russ, and Annette clowned me a little bit for it, but I took it in stride, because I really was okay with not being part of the crowd.

Hell… I was used to it.

I left through the front door instead of the back this time, after giving Storm a chance to come with me. As usual for a Friday, she paid me dust, dismissing me with a flick of her tail as I headed out.

Something pulled my attention to the storefront across the street, prompting me to jog across as soon as the traffic was clear enough. The lights inside were off, but the street lights were enough for me to peep the walls of shelving, and track lighting overhead that had been added.

I can’t even remember seeing anybody over here.

Still though… good for her. She seemed excited that we’d said yes, but like Carter said, we took care of our own. The success of new businesses enriched the community as a whole, so I was with it. Instead of keeping up my nosiness, I headed toward home, shaking my head as I passed UG. I was trying not to remember last night, but… that didn’t really work.

As soon as I stepped in front of my building, that first kiss played in my head. I’d done it right here, in full view of the world, like it didn’t matter who saw. And… it didn’t, not really, outside of the fact that I had no business kissing a damn stranger.

Definitely not the way I’d kissed her, exploring her mouth like I planned to commit it to memory and map it. The kind of kiss that had started a chain reaction I couldn’t stop if I wanted to, ending with me…

Fretting over this shit like you’re PMSing?

Yeah.

That part.

Wherever the hell she was, I doubted she was stressing over this the way I was. She was probably getting ready to look just as good as she had last night, ready to live it up all over again. As I pulled the door open to my building, I took a long glance down the street, where I could still somewhat see Urban Grind…

I quickly shook away the thread of curiosity that wondered if she’d be there again tonight.

Even if she would, I would not, because I was taking my ass inside, to go back to what I’d been doing in the first place – growing the fuck up. I didn’t need to put a childish bet behind it, or put anything else on the line. I’d had my slip up, and now it was time to reset my sights… or something.

Honestly?

I wasn’t even sure what the hell I was doing.





Three.





“So you’re really, like… for real… not going to tell me?”

Disbelief dripped from Anika’s frown as she stopped midway up the ladder she was climbing to look at me, as if there was anything ambiguous about what I’d said.

“Yes,” I told her, for what had to be the twentieth time since the morning after our trip to Urban Grind. So, three days. Long enough for her to get the picture that no, I wasn’t telling who I’d spent the night with. I greatly preferred letting it remain a mystery in my head, something I could look back on with my own little secret internal grin, without the pesky details. I’d been lucky enough that Anika had been half-distracted that night, and hadn’t picked up on the fact that I was sitting with someone at all, so she couldn’t ruin it for me either.

I didn’t want to know who my mystery lover was.

It was damn near guaranteed that whoever he was, he came with drama – he was too fine not to. I understood well enough that it was nearly impossible for his identity to remain a secret very long – Mahogany Heights wasn’t that big of a neighborhood – but I wanted to preserve the mystique as long as I could.

Which included keeping the details from my well-meaning, nosy cousin.

“What if he’s an ex?” she asked, continuing up the ladder to finish hanging the system I planned to use for photo backdrops. “That would be a complete violation of girl code.”

I rolled my eyes at the blankets I was pulling out of fresh packaging to shelve in color-coordinated stacks. I’d eagerly accepted Nik’s help with continuing to set up my studio this morning, but – stupidly – hadn’t anticipated her digging into me about this.

“Nah, you would’ve told me about this one. I’m confident.”

There was no way Anika wouldn’t have gone on and on about smooth, super-rich dark skin slathered on a man like the one I’d indulged in a few nights ago. She would’ve given me every delicious detail, and I would’ve soaked it – the same thing I would do with her, once I was finished relishing it for myself.

“Damn. That nice, huh?”

“Yes,” I told her, closing my eyes for a second to remember the feeling of his lips on my skin. “And I promise, I will tell you about it later, it’s just that right now… I’m still processing.”

Back on the floor, Anika crossed her arms, pursing her lips as she glared at me through the lenses of her stylishly thick, tan and black glasses. She held that expression for a few seconds before she tossed her hands up. “Fine then. Keep your little secrets for now. But know that I expect every detail within the month.”

“I think that’s doable,” I said, pulling out the last blanket – a brown one – and stacking it in the appropriate place on the shelf before I moved to the boxes of faux flowers. “But, I’d really like to know why you’re so pressed about this?”

She scoffed as she began picking up the packaging I’d left behind, stuffing it into a ball in her arms. “Uh, why wouldn’t I be? You’ve been here all of two seconds and you’re already living better than me. I need your secrets, cousin.”

“What you need is to stop letting these dudes get in your head,” I scolded, earning an eye roll. “Okay, I deserve that. But seriously? You cut off all your hair over somebody named Oliver?”

“Uh, no,” she corrected with a finger in the air, tucking the ball of refuse under her arm. “I cut off my hair because I wanted… to be more than that, you know? Like, can I still feel confident, can I still feel… sexy, without having that to hide behind.”

I stopped what I was doing to give her my full attention. “So?”

“So…” she shrugged. “I’m… still working it out. Everybody isn’t you, Jules.”

I pressed a hand to my chest. “Me? What do I have to do with anything, what did I do?”

“You didn’t do anything, crazy girl,” Anika chuckled. “You just…are everything, effortlessly. You’re confident, clearly comfortable in your own skin, you’re fine as hell—”

“Oh my God,” I interrupted. “You are easily the “fine” one between the two of us, and you always have been. There has never been a point in your life where you didn’t have a man falling all over himself to get to you.”

She scoffed. “Yeah, falling all over themselves to compete over who can be the worst trash. These men see curly hair, somewhat light skin, and a fat ass, and they rush straight to me to waste my goddamn time. You never have that problem.”

“You wanna know my secret weapons? Not wanting to end up like my mother was – so far up a man’s ass that his shit is the only thing I can see. Or you could try feeling so lonely and out of place that depression convinces you that casual sex and one-time encounters are all you’re worthy of. That was a fun couple of years, but your parents actually love you, and modeled a healthy relationship, so I dunno if that one would work for you.”

“Jules!” she scolded, dropping the bundle from her arms. “Don’t say stuff like that!”

“So don’t tell the truth, or…?” Anika groaned, but I laughed it off. “I don’t know why you’re so bothered by it. I’m not. Not anymore.”

“I…” Anika stopped herself, letting out a heavy sigh. Probably because she knew I wasn’t exaggerating, knew I wasn’t just making this shit up. “Okay. I’m not going there with you right now.”

“Thank you.”

“But,” she added, raising a finger. “Those things aside… you have a confidence that’s enviable. You don’t take any bullshit, you don’t let anybody walk over you, and I just… want some of that.”

“Anika, I developed those qualities out of necessity, you know that. Again – your parents were everything they were supposed to be – protectors, and nurturers—”

“And they did the same for you, Jules!”

“I’m not denying that!” I told her, holding up my hands. “Not for one minute. Darcy and Will saved my life Nik, I know. But you have to understand that it’s not the same, no matter how much they tried to make it so. I’m grateful, and I don’t mean to sound otherwise.”

Anika sighed again. “You don’t. I just… I really wish it had been enough, to make up for… you know.”

“I do,” I nodded, trying hard not to give in to the tears building behind my eyelids. “But… whatever, you know? It’s done. I’m a grown woman now, and so are you, Nik. I know it’s easier said than done, and I know you… like being in love. You love the warm and fuzzies, and the butterflies, and all that but… you can’t keep letting these guys take advantage of that, and bleed you dry,” I told her, reaching to grab and squeeze her hand. “You’re one of the best people I know. You’re so warmhearted, and affectionate, and smart, and beautiful. You wanna know my secret now, for keeping anybody in my life? You have to treat me as well as I treat me. No exceptions. You give people room to be human, of course, but you don’t have to eat bullshit just because it’s what these motherfuckers are serving. Be hungry if you have to, but at least you’ll be whole.”

Anika stared at me for a few long seconds before her face crumpled into a sob. Abandoning my flower sorting, I pulled her into the hug I knew she needed, letting her sniffle against my shoulder.

“When did you get all motivational and deep and shit?” she sniffed, when she finally stepped back.

I laughed. “Girl, bye. I stole all of that from this girl I followed when I was on social media, “Noah Knows”. I went to one of her live show things out in Cali, and… she knows how to verbally snatch your shit.”

“Well,” Anika nodded, wiping her face with the backs of her hands. “Consider me snatched. And… hungry. I’ve… been on a diet, since Oliver.”

“Good,” I nodded. “And you look like a damn goddess without all that hair, so yes, you’re still sexy. Own that.”

“Yes ma’am.”

I laughed, pulling her into another tight squeeze of a hug. “Okay so speaking of trash ass men, you never told me what was up with you and Royal.”

She rolled her eyes at just the mention of him. “Ugh. I can barely believe him and Roman are from the same family. I’m pretty sure he thinks he’s going to get in my panties before he leaves, which – not gonna happen. So arrogant, but not like, in a good way. So narcissistic. So…”

“Fine? Cause he is. That motherfucker is pretty.”

“Isn’t he?” Nik said, in a disappointed tone. “Such a waste.”

“Of someone else’s time, and not yours. This is what we call a blessing, sis!” I laughed, and Nik joined me.

“You know what, I think you’re right,” she agreed. “But hey… uh… so you know my parents are like, right on the verge of just popping up on you, right?”

I pushed out a sigh, then went back to sorting the flowers. “Yeah, I suspected my time was limited. How much time you think I have?”

“Like a week. Tops. But uh… why are you avoiding them? I thought you’d be excited to see them.”

“Well, I would be, if I didn’t already know Aunt Darcy was going to try to talk about my mother, and if I didn’t know Uncle Will was gonna try to put a check in my hand. You know your people don’t take no for an answer.”

Anika cackled. “I think you mean our people, but… you’re not lying on them. You gon’ get this love, whether you want it not.”

“Is that what it is?”

“Yes, and you know that, grumpy pants,” she accused, joining me to line up the flowers. “When did you get so anti-love?”

I scoffed. “Right about the time I realized people will manipulate and use it against you.”

“The wrong people, yeah.”

“Says the hopeless romantic.”

“Jules.”

“Damnit, Anika, fine,” I laughed. “I know, okay? Darcy and Will think of me as a bonus daughter, they just want to love on me, and it’s okay to allow that. You happy now?”

She sucked her teeth. “No. But it’ll do for now. Just know that you’re on a ticking clock with this too. And unlike hearing about your little one-night-stand, this, I’m taking personally.”

I frowned. “Why though?”

“Because, bonus daughter, you packed up and moved across the country as soon as you graduated high school, and took goddamn nine years to come back, and then now that you’re back, you’re treating them like an afterthought. It’s hurting my mother’s feelings. And you know how I feel about people hurting her feelings.”

I did.

It was about the only thing that brought the real bitch out in Anika – a bitch whose bad side I did not want to be on.

“Uh-uh,” she said, holding up a hand as soon as I opened my mouth to defend myself. “I don’t want to hear your lil explanation, cause I already know. Mama looks like Aunt Doreen, and it’s… probably not easy for you. I’m just saying… my mother didn’t do anything wrong. She tried to do right by you, to make up for… everything else. I just want you to consider that.”

I swallowed. “I do, Nik,” I told her quietly, looking at the burlap roses in my hand, instead of at her. “And I’ll… I’ll call her this week, okay?”

She nodded. “Okay. Sorry if I’m doing too much.”

“You’re not. Sorry or doing too much,” I said, playfully nudging her shoulder with mine. “I need to do better, and I will.”

Nik grinned. “Oh, if I don’t know a thing else about Juliet Nichols, is that she will always, “do better”. You’re like, queen of leveling up. That’s how I know Love Notes is gonna do well.”

“Thank you for that vote of confidence.” I put the last of the flowers in place and then stepped back, sighing over how aesthetically pleasing the color-coordination was. “I didn’t leave my principal photography position at Glow to fail, but success is damn sure no guarantee.”

Shaking her head, Anika picked up the discarded ball of packaging from the blankets, stuffing it into the box the flowers had come from. “Girl, please. Everybody around here is going to love you.”

“Uh huh. You go ahead put in a good word for me with everybody, will you?”

“You don’t already have your mystery bae on that for you?” she teased, following me to the main room to doublecheck her work of hanging the backdrops.

I sucked my teeth. “Don’t have one of those.”

“You might after you leave Fresh Cuts. When are you going?”

“Tomorrow morning, and I can guarantee there will be no bae procurance, because I’m not on that, and you know it.”

“Duh,” Anika droned, following me to the office area I’d set up in one of the back rooms. “I’m just saying, when I went in there to get my little emotional hack job turned into a cut, I saw some dude in there that should be having my baby.”

I grinned as I dropped into my chair. “In that case, I should have plenty of pointless flirting to report back about.”

“Pointless?” she asked, perching herself on the corner of the desk. “I know you’re not in the bae market, but not even a little FWB action?”

I shook my head as I waited for my laptop to power on. “Not even. Maybe later – much later. But for now, all I’m trying to do is make Love Notes happen.”

“Understood.” She was quiet for a few seconds, and then, “Hey, so… I keep meaning to ask you… Love Notes. Why?”

Dropping my head for a second, I pushed out a breath of frustration – not really with her for asking the question, because it was valid, but because… I wasn’t sure I had the best answer.

“Because… I don’t want to be jaded forever… kinda?” I shook my head as I brought my gaze back to hers. “I don’t completely know how to explain it, but I think that at their best, that’s what pictures are. Not like, commercial photography, or even a lot of editorial stuff. That’s why I wanted to get out of that. Wedding pictures, and maternity, and engagements, and graduations… the personal stuff. Pictures that say something instead of just showing you something. That’s where the real beauty is.”

Anika shrugged. “I think that’s a beautiful explanation Jules. But what does it have to do with you being jaded?”

“Well… I’m kinda hoping to… believe in love again, I guess? Not that I don’t believe in it, because I do, I just… okay… it’s like relationship counseling, I guess. Only, the relationship in crisis is the one between me and love. So I’m hoping that by immersing myself in all these other people’s expressions of it – their love notes to each other, and to the world – that I can… trust it again. Or something. Goddammit Anika, I don’t know,” I laughed. “It makes better sense in my head than when I explain out loud.”

“Your explanation is friggin’ perfect though, so why exactly are you tripping?”

“Because it’s what I do, Nik!” I reminded her. “I’m not good with like… emotions and shit. You got all of those.”

“Uh, that’s a lie. You’re just good at burying your shit and being outwardly unbothered.”

I gasped. “Excuse you! When did you figure me out?! I need explanations!”

“I’m not explaining nothing,” she laughed, standing up. “And my free labor is over for the day. I gotta go to work.”

My face dropped into a scowl. “You’re leaving me already?”

“Already? I’ve been here for four hours, and you don’t really have anything else to do. Other than getting some business in here. Let’s go,” she said, her tone suddenly aggressive as she snapped her fingers at me.

“I moved in like three days ago,” I whined, and she shook her head.

“Nope. You had time to find yourself some dick, you’ve got time to find some clients.”

I burst out laughing. “How did I already know you were gonna say that? You’ve just been waiting, haven’t you?”

“Had to get you right where I wanted you first,” she called over her shoulder as she left the office. “I’ll catch you later!”

“Bye girl! Don’t let Royal get you on top of the espresso machine!” I yelled, eliciting a burst of laughter from her that carried down the hall. A few seconds later, the door chime let me know she’d stepped out, leaving me in the studio alone.

Hmm.

Everything else I needed to do, I could do at home.

Reversing my previous intentions, I closed my laptop and slid it into my bag, then slipped that over my shoulder. I collected the rest of my things and then headed out too, feeling a great sense of pride as I locked the door behind me.

It felt good.

Before I took off down the street, I just stood there a moment, admiring the logo and business name on the front window. Anika had surprised me with it – a particular touch that made me cry ugly tears of happiness as soon as I saw it when she brought me by to see the space for the first time, the morning after I arrived.

It was perfect.

I’d already known that from the pictures, and the obsessive details I’d had Anika check for me. The price was right, and everything was to my specifications – even the amount of natural light I was able to get in here. I hadn’t wanted to take any chances with losing the space, not when Mahogany Heights was so popular, and suitable places were so limited. I had Anika sign the paperwork for me as soon as possible.

And now, it was mine.

I lifted a hand, running my fingers over the lettering. This venture was so important to me, beyond the potential to put money in my pocket. I’d lived with an emotional vacancy far too long, and it wasn’t a lifestyle I had any desire to maintain. It wasn’t about getting a man, or even about not being alone. It was about a trust that had been snatched away from me years ago, something I was still trying to regain.

It was about the wholeness I’d encouraged Anika to chase, but was still searching for myself.

One way or another… I was determined to make it to that place.





“She said act natural, old man. Why you over there looking like you need to take a shit?”

The whole barbershop erupted in laughter and I joined in, smiling from man to man, younger to older. The “old man” shook his head, and tried to scowl, but he couldn’t keep it on his face very long before the wrinkles at his eyes deepened as he grinned.

Perfect.

With my camera still carefully held up to my face, I pressed the shutter button to catch the shot, hoping that the lens captured what I saw – a beautiful display of Black brotherhood on a warm Spring morning.

I moved from place to place throughout the shop, absorbing and recording the energy in the room, the steady flow of people in and out, customers and loiterers alike. They talked sports, they talked politics, they talked about me, in low voices they thought I couldn’t hear, making me blush and lower my camera to offer warning scowls that were met with laughs and half-hearted apologies. They’d meant the nasty shit they said – they were just sorry I’d heard it.

When I had plenty of shots, I stepped into the hall that led to the back of the shop to review them. I smiled down at my screen as I flipped through the pictures, already imaging the cropping and editing I would do to make them shine.

Perfect.

I let the camera down to hang around my neck while I pulled out my phone, going to the text document I’d set up with a list of shots I wanted to be sure to get. Most of them, I’d already captured, just shooting with a natural flow. The one I hadn’t, I added to a mental checklist, planning to head back into the main area to finish up before I heard the distinct, questioning sound of a meow.

Looking further down, past my phone, I saw that a cat had come from somewhere and was now sitting at my feet, staring up at me like it was wondering who I was. It was beautiful – mostly a lustrous light gray, but with streaks of darker gray and white spread over a fluffy coat. Immediately, I tucked my phone back into my pocket and pulled my camera up, focusing on translucent jade green eyes to snap several pictures – an action that apparently made me boring, because the cat got up and padded off, with an indifferent flick of its tail.

“Well nice to meet you too,” I murmured, watching as it disappeared around the corner. A second later though, it was back, following behind feet clad in gray and white sneakers that almost matched its fur. Abruptly, those feet stopped moving, giving my gaze time to travel up the body they belonged to, landing on a face that was… familiar.

“It’s you,” he said, in a pleasantly surprised tone that probably wasn’t supposed to slip out, based on the way he cleared his throat and averted his eyes, then scrubbed a hand over his head – nervous tics that made him kinda adorable. The intensity in those eyes though, once he brought them back to me – the same marbled orbs that had seduced me my first night in town – reminded me that his adorable ass was capable of very grown things.

Not to mention, they clearly showed how pleased he was by my presence, even if he didn’t want to be, even if he wanted to hide it.

“Yup. It’s me. I have to say though, I’m pretty disappointed that it didn’t take us longer to run into each other again,” I told him, lowering the camera.

That brought out the grin he’d been trying not to give me. “Yeah… this neighborhood is like a small town, just in a big city.”

“Yeah, I’m realizing. Are you supposed to be back here?” I asked, glancing around. “I don’t think this area is part of the shop.”

He raised an eyebrow. “Are you supposed to be back here?”

“Well… sort of. I have permission, to take pictures. I was told I could come in anytime, so… I guess it’s fate that I happened to run across you.”

“Nah,” he shook his head. “Not really. I’m pretty sure we spoke on the phone about you coming to do this. I just didn’t realize nobody would come and holla at me to say you were here.”

My eyes got big. “Wait… you were the one I talked to on the phone? Like, the owner?”

“Manager,” he corrected. “But yeah, that was me.”

My mouth went dry. I’d been so nervous that he’d say no, and then excited when he didn’t, that the lush resonance of his voice hadn’t even registered over the phone. “Uh… wow. I… didn’t catch that at all. Maybe because you were a little distracted, when I called?”

“Yeah, it was a little crazy in here that day, but… I’m glad we could accommodate you. You and… Love Notes. I’m guessing this is the business you wouldn’t tell me about, huh?”

“Yeah, it is.”

He gave me a deep nod. “That’s whassup. So… let me see what you got? Gotta see if you’re any good at this thing.”

“If I’m any good at it?” I laughed. “Wow, you’re really gonna do me like that?”

“I’m sayin’,” he shrugged. “Gotta make sure you’re not just coming in here to spy or something. I haven’t seen any proof.”

“Oh, I’ve got your proof,” I told him, holding up the camera. “And, thanks by the way, for letting me come in and do this. And for free at that.”

He shrugged. “It was nothing. These dudes needed a little break in the monotony anyway. Let me see what you got.”

He moved to stand beside me, and I was caught a bit off guard at the slight tremble in my finger as I turned my screen on, to show him the pictures. He was so close to me that his scent – clean linen and sandalwood with a hint of leather – was slowly grabbing my full attention, taking center stage over the harsh bite of Barbasol and tea-tree oil shampoo. It was so soothing, I had to force myself not to take a deep breath in, had to try not to be so keenly aware of the heat from his body soaking through my tee shirt, making my nipples bead against the soft cotton of my bra.

And he was just… cool. Laughing at and commenting on the pictures as I shuffled through them, telling me which ones stood out. This was something I didn’t do – letting someone see my work before I’d curated and edited - but for some reason having him over my shoulder giving his thoughts was oddly… comfortable.

“These are dope,” he said, as I came to the end of the images, and I took a subtle step away from him. “Glad you got what you needed.”

I nodded. “Me too. I have a few more that I want to try to get before I go. If that’s okay?”

“Long as you don’t snap this ugly mug,” he said, running a hand through his beard. “Don’t want to mess up your camera.”

My eyes bugged out. “You’re joking, right? You’re ridiculously handsome. And… you got a haircut,” I said, finally pulling my eyes from his face long enough to pinpoint exactly what had struck me as different about him. That deep, extra special dark chocolate skin was everything to me, and the full beard – tidily trimmed and lined – was even more. Somewhere deep down within me, I wanted to grab his chunky fro – neatly faded on the sides –and run my hands through it. “You just wanted something different, or…?”

“Uhh…” he pushed out a sigh, then raised a hand to do exactly what I wanted to do, burying his fingers in his deep black kinks. “I kinda lost a bet, actually.”

I wrinkled my nose. “Lost a bet? You’re kidding, right?”

“Unfortunately not,” he shook his head.

“You cut off those beautiful locs, because of a bet?”

He shrugged. “What can I say? Man of my word.”

“That must’ve been some bet,” I mused, hooking a thumb into the pocket of my jeans. When he didn’t respond, I raised my eyebrows. “So… what was it?”

He sucked in a stream of air between those pretty white teeth, shaking his head as he blew it out, and laughed. “I think I’m gonna take a page out of your book with that one.”

“Ah,” I chuckled. “That means it’s filed it under “none of my business”?”

“Yeah.”

“Fair enough,” I told him, with a nod. “At least tell me this though… whatever caused you to lose the bet…was it worth it?”

That question seemed to catch him off guard, making his eyes go wide. He stared at me a few seconds, obviously giving it real thought before he – damn near reluctantly, if I was reading it right – nodded.

“Yeah,” he said, then cleared his throat. “It was.”

I gave him a bright smile. “Well, good. At least there’s that, right?”

He nodded again, his entire vibe suddenly, strangely solemn. “Yeah. At least there’s that.”

“Right. So…” I glanced around, getting my bearings again so that I could get back to the front. “I guess we’re neighbors now, and… contrary to the awkwardness of this conversation, I’m not gonna be weird or anything. Promise.”

“You don’t even strike me as the type,” he assured. “Not remotely.”

“Oh? And what type do I strike you as?”

He scoffed. “Shit… the type to be a whole lotta trouble for somebody.”

“You realize I could say the same damn thing about you, right?”

The smirk that spread across his face gave me a little clue toward the sexy arrogance he was trying hard to suppress for some reason, but couldn’t. “Sounds like we should probably steer clear of each other then, neighbor.”

“I mean… if it’s just trouble waiting to happen… maybe so,” I agreed, knowing goddamn well I wasn’t going to make any extra effort to not be around his fine ass. “That doesn’t mean we can’t still be neighborly though, right?”

“Of course not,” he came back immediately, in a comforting tone like he thought I might be offended. Which, again… cute. “If you need anything, you know the number.”

I nodded. “Yes, I have it. Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. Now, if you’ll excuse me, my chair is booked in like two minutes, and I—”

“Oh! Of course! Go ahead,” I urged, waving him off. “I’ll be… around. Getting the rest of my shots.”

“Cool. And if you need anything…”

“Just let you know. Understood.”

He gave something like a little salute before he disappeared into the front of the shop. I took a few moments to calm my racing heart – I hadn’t even realized it was racing. Why was my heart racing? – and then stepped back into the shop myself to catch a few more shots.

More often than not, my camera focused on him.

When I’d first stepped into the shop, explaining myself to the only female barber, she’d nodded, telling me that “Troy” had mentioned a photographer. Now I knew that “Troy” was my “mystery bae”, who hadn’t been there when I first came in to take pictures for the series. It would be called “Home”, focusing on familiar, traditionally black rituals. The barbershop, Fresh Cuts, had been an easy choice for where to start.

It was located right across the street from my studio space, and through the big front window I’d seen men, boys, and a few women come and go. They went in scruffy and came out fresh, with new confidence in their walk. They dapped each other, ragged on each other, talked, laughed. The brilliant communal vibe from the inside spilled out onto the sidewalk, making everyone that walked past a part of it.

I didn’t just want to capture that. I needed to.

Troy oozed a level of masculine appeal that kept my camera coming back to him. The way he moved, the easy smile, that voice. He interacted easily with the others in the shop, customer or fellow barber. I watched closely, clicking away as he moved through a haircut with motions that were simultaneously fluid and precise. Confident. Every swipe of the spotless chrome clippers was intentional, no wasted actions.

The moment it crossed my mind that I could watch him all day, was the moment I shut off my camera.

Time to move it along.

I thanked him once more for allowing me time, exchanged business cards, and then got out of there, heading back across the street to my studio. I went straight to my computer, unloading the memory card and pulling the pictures up before I even put my camera away properly. I forced myself not to go straight to the pictures of Troy, instead taking the time to sort through all three-hundred pictures I’d snapped.

Over the years, I’d created a sort of “rule of thirds” for myself. 1/3rd of the pictures went to the discard pile, because they just weren’t good by any measure. Another 1/3rd were the ones that were just okay. The last 1/3rd were the ones I thought were gorgeous, and there was nothing surprising about the fact that Troy was in 25/100 of those shots.

I had no idea how I was going to reduce even that top one-hundred down to the twenty I would actually offer for public display. Instead of thinking about it too hard, I did indulge myself with the pictures of Troy, studying the tattoos that lined his arms, the kinky-curly texture of his hair, the bridge of his nose, his full lips. He was beautiful. Not pretty at all, just…beautiful, to me.

Shaking my head, I closed my laptop and stood up. I had a long list of ways I could be using my time productively, and none of them involved staring at the man who worked across the street… among other things.

Finally, the walls were dry, and the tape was down, so I could start hanging the portraits that defined my photography so far. Besides my work with Glow, I’d shot celebrities, editorials, families, events, food, nature. Some of everything. But the shots going up on the wall were the ones that had a unifying thread – love. In some form, or fashion.

I spent the rest of the afternoon working in my new studio, until my shoulders ached and my feet were screaming for mercy. I packed up my laptop and camera, stowing both in my backpack before I stepped out of the studio and locked up, ready to be in the comfort of my apartment for the night.

As I headed down the sidewalk, my eyes were drawn to the storefront across the street. I shivered a little as Troy’s touch echoed in my mind and on my skin, until I shook my head, brushing the thoughts away as I pulled out my phone to send the text I’d been putting off all day.

“Nik. You will not believe the shit I’m about to tell you…”





Four.





Juliet Nichols

Love Notes Photography

– images that speak louder than words.



I turned the thick ivory card over in my hands one more time. I just barely remembered her giving it to me as she was leaving last week, when she was done with her pictures. I was still with a client, so I’d dropped it in the little box where I put all the other business cards people gave me and forgot about it. But now, as I was getting ready to clean up my station for the night, something had drawn my attention back to that box – back to her card.

Somehow, even with all the other scents happening in the shop, even though it had been mixed in with all the others, it still carried her pleasant aroma as I raised the card to examine the fine detail of the rose gold foil edging. Clean, spicy… sweet.

Losing your damn mind boy.

I chuckled to myself as I left the shop, going the opposite direction of my usual route home. Tiredness laid heavy on my shoulders after a busy day in the shop, but the commitment I’d made for tonight superseded fatigue.

It would take a lot for me to miss this.

My journey down the sidewalk led me past the mixed development part of the neighborhood, into the pure residential area. Glass storefronts turned to historic apartment buildings, turned to brownstone townhomes – one of which was my destination.

I pulled my tired limbs up the steps, knowing that if nothing else, a hot meal was waiting on the other side of the door – something better than the plain ass chicken breast, rice, and broccoli I’d be eating if I was on my own for the night.

I pressed the doorbell and waited, a smile already building on my face when I heard the lock disengage. Based on experience, I was already expecting the ball of energy that launched at me as soon as the door opened, latching onto my legs for a hug. What I was not expecting was the horrified gaze of the ball-of-energy’s mother, a gaze that quickly morphed into an angry glare.

“What the hell is wrong with you people?!” Vivienne fussed, crossing her arms. “First Eddie, now you?” I held up my hands to defend myself, but she gave a tight shake of her head. “No, you do not speak,” she demanded, her French accent coming through thicker than usual in her anger. “I tell you this now – you better not give Carter any ideas, you understand?”

“Yes ma’am,” I said – obviously the wrong thing, because it didn’t soften her scowl. “I don’t think he’s interested in getting it cut though. He hasn’t said anything at least.”

“And he had better not,” she repeated.

My eyes got big. “Yo… you’re really mad at me?”

“I am mad as hell,” she confirmed, earning an “Ooooh!” from the ball of energy, better known as Bellamy, her and Carter’s daughter.

“That’s a bad word mommy, you said it twice!”

“And I am going to say it again if another one of these men cuts off his hair,” Viv fussed, paying Bell no mind as she ushered me inside, closing the door behind me.

Instead of staying under Viv’s wrath, I turned my attention to Bell, hefting her up in my arms. “You had school today?” I asked her, referring to the preschool classes Carter had been the one worried about, while Viv had been excited to get Bell acclimated to other kids.

“Yeah,” she nodded, her brown eyes growing big and round before she leaned in to whisper, “Abby said a bad word today too,” as I followed Viv to the dining room.

I put Bell down in one of the chairs that surrounded the table, leaning against it and crossing my arms. “Ah, man. What did she say?”

“She called Ms. Macy,” – she glanced around, to make sure Viv wasn’t watching – “Stupid. And she threw a block at her too!”

My whole face twisted up. “Well goddamn,” I mumbled under my breath, and then said aloud, to Viv in the kitchen, “Yo, what kinda hood establishment y’all got baby girl at?”

“Blakewood Academy is not a “hood establishment”,” Viv laughed as she came back into the room, carrying a large, covered dish that smelled familiar, and like the best thing to happen to me all day.

“What is that?” I asked, at the same time that Bellamy piped, “I love my school Uncle Troy!” and I had to clap a hand to my chest, staggered by what she’d just said. “Did she just…?”

Deep amusement colored Viv’s expression as she put the dish down on the table. “Yes, she did. She asked Carter about you the other night, and he explained that you were “like his little brother”. She said, “like Uncle Rod?”, he said “yes”, and this is how we arrive at Uncle Troy. And to answer your other question, it is coq au vin.”

I frowned. “That’s the… pork chops, with the herb—”

“It’s the chicken with the wi—”

“The chicken with the wine, yeah, that’s what I was saying. I know my French, Viv, you gotta let me prove myself sometimes.”

Her eyebrows went up. “Yes, of course. Set the table, Uncle Troy,” she instructed, leaving for the kitchen again.

This time I followed, recruiting Bellamy to help me as Viv finished loading up the table with all kinds of good smelling dishes that had my stomach rumbling in protest that it was still empty. Bell and I were headed back to the kitchen to see what else we could do to help when Viv’s giggles carried into the dining room – the kind of giggling a woman did when you were doing something you weren’t supposed to in front of company.

I held Bell back for a second, distracting her so Carter and Viv could have their little moment. A few seconds later, they both appeared at the door to the living room, Carter grinning, Viv with her cheeks flushed, setting off this uncomfortably familiar feeling in my chest. It only intensified when Bellamy shrieked over Carter’s presence, running to get swooped into kisses that made her giggle like a maniac.

Their whole little family, man… the shit was goals.

“Whassup’ dude?” Carter asked, approaching me with Bell still in his arms to dap me up. “My bad for not being out when you got here. Rolled out new software for a client, and shit is breaking left and right. Trying to put out fires,” he said – or tried to say, with Bell clamping a little hand over his mouth.

“Bad word, Daddy!” she fussed, her attempt at being stern completely negated by how adorable she was. Her scolding devolved into another round of giggles as Carter frowned at her and then playfully bit her hand.

For me, it was a blessing even getting to witness this scene with him and his family, because honestly, he had no obligation to kick it with me like this. At first, it had been weird to me, like “bruh, I just know you from the shop”. But he’d explained later that he saw himself in me, and after hearing his story, I understood. Our life experiences were mostly different, he related to me on a level that was foreign to even talk about. So instead of rejecting it, which had been my first nature, I just… chilled.

I didn’t grow up like this – Black ass family sitting down together for a meal, with plenty of food at the table. Carter’s little family had shown me that it wasn’t just something for TV, that for plenty of us, this was reality.

It just hadn’t been for me.

In the very beginning, through and past Bell’s age, it was cool – at least, from what I remember. It was after that, as I got older, that going from foster home to foster home started being more like survival of the fittest. It would be decent for a while, but then right back to bullshit, that yo-yo effect being so much that by the time I aged out, that street life that I’d been avoiding as a juvenile looked really good to me.

Too good.

But I was firmly past that now.

I had a good life, decent friends, nothing to really complain about, aside from the fact that as settled as I was – as settled as I appeared – it was still like I was drifting. Just floating along, existing without an anchor.

“Hey, you never told me how the photoshoot or whatever went,” Carter said as he lowered Bellamy to her place at the table, and then sat down himself. “I didn’t even know she’d come by until Russ mentioned it today.”

Shit.

I swallowed hard, then took my customary place across the table from Bell, as Viv took the seat across from Carter. “Uh, it went well. She seemed to be legit. Said she’d show us the pictures she was choosing before she posted them.”

“Good,” he nodded. “Russ was going on about her looking familiar to him. What was that about? You know her?”

Goddammit Russ.

“Nah. I mean… technically. I didn’t know until she came in, but she was um… she was the girl I told you about.”

He frowned. “What girl you told me about?”

“Yes, Troy?” Viv asked, her eyes bright with interest. “What girl? And what photo shoot? Are you a model now?”

I chuckled, trying my best to play off how completely uncomfortable I was, which was exactly why I hadn’t brought it up again with Carter. I’d hoped beyond hope that he would simply forget, which was unlikely, but maybe without the reminder, it would’ve taken so long that I was well past the immediate stress of it.

“Nah,” I told Viv. “There’s a new business across the street from us –”

“Yes!” Viv exclaimed. “Love Notes, the photography studio. I met the owner, Juliet today. Such an enchanting, beautiful girl.”

Tell me about it.

“Yeah, uh… she came and took some shots at the shop, for a photo series.”

“Oh how cool! Why didn’t you tell me about that?” she asked Carter, who’d already started dishing food onto his and Bellamy’s plates.

He shrugged, and then around a mouthful of chicken said, “That’s Troy’s business baby. He’s the manager, I just own the place. You said you told me about her though?” his attention shifted back to me, unfortunately. “What did you tell me?”

“Remember, the day you did my cut?” I asked, trying to jog his memory without walking him through it step by step as he handed me a dish to serve myself.

That seemed to do it though, because his eyes went wide. “Oh,” he said. “I’ll be damned.”

“Language, Carter,” Viv admonished, then looked to me before spooning potatoes onto Bellamy’s plate, and then her own. “What about her, Troy? Would you like me to put in a good word for you?”

“Oh he’s already well acquainted with her,” Carter laughed, and I groaned. Pretty much as expected, Viv’s casual gaze turned to laser-sharp focus.

“Troy, please,” she said, reaching to grab my wrist. “This girl, Juliet. She is a vivid, bold spirit. Do not spark a fire you have no intention to stoke. You understand?”

Better than you know.

“I do,” I told her, nodding. “I’m… just out here trying to be good.”

“Can Uncle Troy have one of my bunny stickers daddy?”

“Of course baby, after dinner.”

Luckily for me, her simple question distracted from the topic – one I didn’t care to explore any further anyway. Not because I minded talking to Carter – or even Viv – about it, but because I was still unsettled, and her appearance at the shop hadn’t helped matters, at all.

We started talking about other things, and eventually our plates dwindled down to empty. Viv noticed that Carter had started getting antsy, anxious to check on his computer, so she sent him to his office, then stood to start gathering the plates.

“Let me help you with that,” I offered, standing up too, only to be met with a stiff side-eye.

“Do we have to go through this every time? I don’t want you in my kitchen. Occupy Bell for me, please.”

I chuckled. “Can do.”

Despite Viv’s protest, Bell and I did at least help clear the table, and then she ushered me into the living room and put the remote in my hand, demanding that I turn the TV on. She walked me through getting to the specific show she wanted to see on Netflix, some blue-haired little girl with a talking cat, then curled up against my side to watch.

And watch, I did.

I let her have my full attention as she explained the “fishy-poof” crackers that Bartelby (the talking cat) loved, how True (the little girl), went to see her purple-haired Asian friend Zee at the Wishing Tree, and used the wishes she got from there to solve problems all around the Rainbow Kingdom. I was listening to her, sure, but more than that, I was thinking about the adoration I had for her, and wondering how different it was for her parents, since she was… theirs.

I vividly remembered coming to see her when they brought her home from the hospital. Sure, she was cute, all that, but what really struck me was the way they looked at her. Like she was the best thing they’d ever seen, like they’d do anything to keep her from harm. She was their everything. Beyond important. A priority.

It confused me.

I didn’t understand, if that love between parent and child was so immediate and clear, how it came to be that I ended up alone. No connections, no anchor, just… drifting.

A pain that Bell would never have to know.

Suddenly realizing that she wasn’t talking anymore, I looked down to see that she’d fallen asleep against my side. I chuckled a bit as I turned the TV off and carried her to her room, tucking her under the covers before I went back to the kitchen to find Viv wiping down the counters.

“The lil’ homey passed out,” I told her, shrugging when she looked up, surprised.

“Already, really?”

I nodded. “Yep. I put her in her bed. And since you seem to be done in here, I’m going to head out.”

“Okay ami,” she said, dropping the towel to cross the kitchen to give me a hug, and plant a kiss on the side of my face. When she stepped back though, she swayed a bit, so much that I grabbed her arms to steady her as her eyes drifted closed.

“Yo, Viv?” I asked, concerned, even as she tried to wave it off. “Are you okay?”

She rolled her eyes. “I am fine, Troy. I have just overdone it a bit today, that is all. Don’t you start too. The only reason Carter is not all over me is because his software is having a meltdown.”

“What do you mean, “don’t you start too”? What’s going on?”

Her eyebrows went up, and she brushed the shorter side of her bob behind her ear as she sat down. “Ah… he hasn’t told you?”

“Who hasn’t told me what?”

She chuckled to herself. “I am not surprised. He has been paranoid, hovering. Anxious for that first trimester to be over.”

“First tri—you’re pregnant?!” I asked, and her face broke into a huge grin as she nodded.

“Yes, but I think he is keeping it quiet. Worried about loss. We have not said anything to Bellamy yet either. But, if all goes well, she will have a baby brother or sister in about seven months.”

“Man… congratulations,” I told her, kneeling to give her a hug. “And I won’t say anything to Carter yet, since he was trying to hold out.”

“That would be appreciated,” she laughed. “You be safe getting home okay?”

“Always,” I said, then tossed up a hand as a parting gesture before I headed out.

I had a ton of questions that were none of my damn business.

Had they been trying to get pregnant? How had they found out? What was her initial reaction? What was his? I wanted to know all of it, every little thing, because all of it was so damned foreign to me. But I couldn’t be out here looking like a creep.

Carter would talk to me about it, eventually. And he knew what I was on, what I’d been on since last year, so I doubted he would mind answering a few things for me. We weren’t close enough yet that we talked about the pregnancy with Bellamy. Honestly, I couldn’t have even articulated my interest back then, didn’t know how to explain my aching curiosity about the intricacies of being part of a family.

Little did I know, there wasn’t a need to explain. He already understood.





“Hey, whassup’, hello?”

I frowned a little, then turned around, backtracking down the hall that led to the front of the barbershop. My eyes got wide at the sight of Juliet standing just inside the door, looking a little uncertain until she saw me. Then, a smile spread across her face.

Those dimples are gonna kill me.

“Ah, I thought I saw you, a few minutes ago. I was hoping to catch you before you left,” she said, striding toward me with one hand gripping the strap of a laptop bag strung across her bare shoulders. It had been a warm day, and she was taking advantage, in a strapless dress covered in oversized flowers, made of some type of gauzy material that hit her mid-thigh.

“I was just headed to turn off the lights,” I told her. “So… consider me caught, I guess. What’s up?”

Somehow, her smile got even bigger. “Pictures. Remember, I told you I would show you what I was planning to publish, once I got them narrowed down? But if you’re busy, I can—”

“Nah, you’re good,” I assured her. “I have time for that. Let me just get the door,” I said, easing past in the direction she’d come, to make sure I didn’t have any other surprise pop-ups. But as I was turning the lock, something occurred to me, and I turned back. “You’re cool with that? Me locking this door?”

Her eyes widened in surprise. “Oh! Uh, yeah, it’s fine. I appreciate that you considered that.”

I shrugged. “Common courtesy.”

She shook her head as I headed back toward her, ready to lead the way to the office. “No, not really these days.” Her expression shifted to a little smirk as I stopped in front of her. “Anyway, you don’t give me creepy vibes, so I’m not uncomfortable. And besides that… you don’t want no problems with me, barber man.”

“Man, chill with that, Juliet,” I laughed, putting a little extra inflection on her name, now that I had it. “You’re way too cute to be tough.”

She let her mouth drop open, feigning offense. “Excuse you, I’ll have you know that I am very tough.”

“Yeah, you look it, with your florals, and your dimples, and your…”

She crossed her arms. “My what?”

Pretty ass big brown eyes. Massive sex appeal. Hard nipples through the thin fabric of that dress.

“Nothing. You gonna show me the pictures?”

She shrugged. “Sure. Lead the way.”

I was hyper-aware of her as she followed me to the back. From her body heat to her scent to just her simple presence, she had me on edge in a way that I’d never experienced.

The awkward shit had never been me – not until I decided to set my life on a different track. And really… I couldn’t even blame it on that, because I’d still never found myself having difficulty interacting with women.

What I was experiencing now was… unique to Juliet.

Inside the office, I went to the desk to sit down, expecting her to take the seat on the other side. Instead, she came around to my side, casually removing the bag from her shoulder to remove her laptop. She set it up in the space where I would normally have mine, and turned the screen on, pulling up the pictures. When she was done, she took a seat on top of the desk, right by the computer, and then gestured toward the screen with a flourish.

“For your viewing pleasure, I present: Home: The Barbershop.”

I rolled my chair closer, willing myself not to get distracted by the exposed skin of her crossed legs, focusing my attention on the screen. The pictures were dope as hell. Vivid colors, sharp quality, and they were actually interesting. The old heads would get a kick out of seeing themselves like this, the younger ones would want to flex on social media, and I… was just in awe that a picture could so perfectly capture the vibe that surrounded me on a day to day basis, down to a picture of Storm perched beside a glass canister of Barbasol, looking downright regal.

But for some reason… Juliet was nervous.

Not that nervous was something I’d ever expect a girl like her to put on display, but it was clear. Her hands were gripping the side of the desk too tight, she was about to wear a damn hole in her lip, and her eyes hadn’t left my face since I looked at the screen. She was searching for a reaction.

“These are cool,” I told her, my tone completely nonchalant as I kept scrolling through the pictures.

She went stiff, shoulders high with tension. “They’re cool?”

I nodded, stopping at the final shot. One of me showing every one of my teeth as I pulled the clippers away from my client to laugh at something. There had been so many jokes in the shop that day – hell, so many jokes since then – that I had no idea why I was laughing so hard, but the picture was so vibrant that I could damn near hear it.

“Yeah. Like… they’re… aiight. You’re decent with the camera.”

Her eyes nearly bugged out of her head, and it took everything in me not laugh as her jaw tightened, and she spoke through clenched teeth. “Aiight? Decent? Are you—”

“Just messing with you? Yes,” I chuckled. “I need you to not pop a blood vessel in here mama, your shit is nice, okay? Very nice. Brilliant, honestly.”

Her chin was way too high, still ready to go on the defensive when she asked, “Really?”

“Yes, really,” I said, making the big fucking mistake of reaching out, putting my hand on her knee in a gesture intended to comfort. My hand landed where intended, but I definitely didn’t need a reminder about the softness of her skin, that simple touch enough to have me growing tight in my boxers like a damn high school kid. “My bad for messing with you like that,” I said, pushing those thoughts away. “I forgot about you artists being sensitive and all that.”

“Oh please,” she pouted. “Let somebody tell you one of your lil’ haircuts is aiight, you’ll be ready to fight.”

“Damn right, square up,” I joked, bringing a smile back to her face as she laughed. “Seriously though, these are great. I’ll have to run it by Carter first, but we might have to hit you up for some framed prints to hang in here, if that’s something you could offer.”

“I could definitely do that, just let me know.” Her eyes were bright with excitement and… pure joy. Total opposite of not even two minutes ago. “I’m really glad that you like them enough to even consider something like that. But… I guess you could just be gassing me up because I’m cute.”

I shook my head as I sat back in my chair. “Nah. You’re not that cute.”

“I am though,” she insisted, knowing she was absolutely right. I would’ve had a hard time saying it if I didn’t like the pictures, and would’ve had to find a creative way to play this shit off. Luckily for me, the images were honestly really good.

Still, I kept the back and forth going with a little shrug. “Maybe.”

“Oh definitely.” Her lips spread into a grin as she hooked her foot through the arm of my wheeled office chair, using it to pull me towards her. “In fact… I bet I’m just cute enough for you to indulge me touching your hair.”

“Touch my hair?” I questioned, frowning. “Why? I thought y’all only wanted to do that when it was the silky curly shit?” I teased. “Oh, and I got plenty of pulls on my locs.”

“Who is “y’all”?” she asked as she leaned in, sinking her fingers into my thick kinks. “I love this. And you smell good,” she moaned as she leaned in further, putting her breasts right at eye level as she took a deep inhale, the pads of her fingers grazing my scalp.

I couldn’t lie… this was a good ass moment for me, and I wasn’t particularly inclined to put a stop to it, even once her hands moved from my head to my beard. I was getting ready to close my eyes when she cupped my face, meeting me with a gaze that… said something I couldn’t catch.

“This isn’t really what I imagined when you asked to touch my hair – which, I didn’t agree to by the way,” I told her, making her grin.

“Your eyes did,” she said, then finally leaned back, returning her hands to clutch the desk for a different reason than before. “You mad?”

“Not at all. Just thinking that we kinda suck at that whole “steering clear of each other” thing. Pretty sure this qualifies as a head-on collision.”

She flipped her hair over her shoulder and then bit her lip, looking so damned sexy I considered snatching her off the desk, pulling her into my lap. “Steering clear of each other?” she asked, her faux innocence just making me want her more. “Who said that? I said that?”

“We said that, remember?” I asked, already knowing damn well that she did.

“I remember you telling me that I seemed like trouble, and I remember thinking that real recognize real. That’s what I remember.”

I laughed, shaking my head. “I’m not trouble though. Not… anymore.”

“Okay, cause I was gonna say, there’s no way you look like you do without having handed out a few headaches and heartaches.”

“I’ll cop to that,” I admitted, raising my hands. “But, past is the past.”

“So you’re what, in hoe rehab now?”

A shout of laughter burst from deep in my chest before I could help it, and I clapped a hand over my heart. “Uh… I guess you could put it like that.”

“In that case,” she said, getting down from the desk, and closing the top of her computer before she picked it up. “It’s probably time for me to leave.”

“Why?” I asked, immediately hopping up too. I was enjoying her company too much for it to be over this soon.

“Because.” She returned the laptop to her bag, and then pulled it over her head before she turned to face me, clear lust in her eyes as she met my gaze. “I’m not particularly inclined to… help you avoid a relapse, if you know what I mean.”

Did I ever.

“Your thoughtfulness is appreciated.”

She smirked. “Yeah. And I mean… to be honest, I’m supposed to be staying out of trouble myself, so it’s probably good for both of us, you know?” she asked, with a little sigh as she lifted her hands, pressing them to my chest

“Yeah,” I nodded, grabbing her wrists, but not moving them. “But… what if I told you I like being around you, and I think you like it too?”

That smirk spread into a grin. “Then I would tell you that’s exactly how addictions work.”

I bowed a little, conceding to her point as I finally pulled her hands down, keeping one in mine to pull her from the office. “I’ll walk you out.”

We spent that short walk in silence, but after I’d unlocked the door, she turned to me with clear curiosity on her face. “Hey… the cat. What’s her story? Is she yours?”

“You could say that,” I chuckled. “But she usually stays at the shop. Only occasionally follows me home.”

“What’s her name?”

“Storm.”

She lifted an eyebrow. “Like Ororo?”

“Like a thunderstorm,” I corrected. “I found her hiding under the dumpster out back, wet and terrified. Felt bad, so I brought her in, fed her… you know the rest.”

She laughed. “Yeah, I do. Never feed a stray.”

“Right. And just my luck, she’s got the nerve to be a goddamn diva.”

“I’m pretty sure all cats are divas,” she giggled. “But at least she’s beautiful. Very photogenic.”

I scoffed. “Yeah, maybe for you. Every picture I’ve tried to take of her… looks like a man taking a picture of a cat with his cell phone,” I chuckled. “Maybe you’ll have to teach me something one of these days.”

“I can teach you something this day,” she said. “You have your phone with you?”

I pulled it from my pocket, and held it up. “Always.”

“Cool. Take a picture of me.”

“Like… right now?”

Her eyebrow went up. “Uh, yeah? Take the picture, bruh!”

“I’m taking it, I’m taking it,” I said, opening the camera app to do exactly that, framing her in the middle of the screen before I tapped the shutter button. “See? Look?”

She moved to stand beside me, peeking over at the screen. “Okay. Let me see. First things first…” she said, turning the phone over, “Is this big fingerprint over your lens,” she laughed. “A lot of people don’t even think about it, but that’s problem number one.” She grabbed the hem of my tee shirt, pulling it up to clean the lens. “And then… you’re using the automatic mode. Most phones these days have pretty decent cameras, with a “pro” setting. So, if we switch you to that, and adjust your exposure a bit here, and fix your white balance, and put it on auto-focus, since you may not be quite ready for manual yet… okay. There we go.” She handed the phone to me, and then moved back to where she’d been before. “Take another one.”

Again, I framed her in the middle of the screen, and tapped the button. As soon as it had made the little shutter sound, she moved next to me again.

“Now, go to your gallery, and… look! See the difference?”

“Damn,” I muttered. Just those few little things made all the difference in the world, turning a decent picture of her into one that was—

“I look cuuute! Send it to me,” she demanded. “Here, go ahead and hit the little button, to share.”

“Hold on a second, pushy ass.”

She wrinkled her nose at me, pressing into my side. “Just send me the picture, okay?”

“Tell me the number.”

She rattled it off and then grinned, stepping away to pull out her own phone, from her laptop bag. “Got it! Thank you. And, you’re welcome for the little mini-lesson. Now you can take decent pictures of your lunch for Twitter, post your lil’ haircuts on Instagram, get some ussies with your family, all that.” She stopped talking to narrow her eyes. “Wait… what is it? Did I say something wrong?”

I frowned. “Huh?”

“Just now, when I was talking. Your face kinda squinted up for a second, like you got stung by a bee or something.”

It did?

“Oh, shit… I… I didn’t realize I did that, my bad.”

She shook her head. “No, it’s my bad. What did I say?”

I lifted a hand to scratch my beard, trying to figure out how to answer this question.

“Troy…” She grabbed my free hand, stepping closer and squeezing, eyes filled with concern. “What is it?”

“Nothing really,” I told her. “I mean… I don’t really have a family like what you were talking about. I grew up in foster care, so I never… never really knew my people or anything like that.”

Her lips parted for a few seconds before she actually spoke. “Oh. I… I’m sorry for bringing it up like that. I didn’t know.”

“I know that. Despite whatever alien shit you say my face did, I’m not really tripping on it.”

At least not with you.

“And anyway,” I continued. “It gives me something in common with Storm, I guess. Probably what made me help her out anyway. She’s a stray, I’m a stray. We match.”

Juliet’s grip on my hand tightened, and she let out a sound that was somewhere between a moan, a sigh, and a whimper. “Okay, so… yeah I gotta go now, especially with that.”

“Wait a minute, what?” I asked, grabbing her hand after she’d released me. “What are you talking about?”

She sighed, and shook her head. “Seriously? Big tall sexy man who owns a cat that he rescued during a thunderstorm because he saw himself in it? My panties are melting off right now. I gotta go,” she said, completely serious as she pulled her hand from mine. “I’ll see you around, Troy.”

“I’ll look forward to it, Juliet,” I told her as she pushed open the door.

She turned, barely suppressing a smile. “You can call me Jules.”

I nodded. “Alright then. I’ll look forward to it, Jules.”

With one last smile, she was out the door, and I locked it behind her. Only because it was still relatively early – just after eight at night – did I hold back my urge to offer to walk her home. This was my chance to exercise some self-control, and I was taking it.

It was also my chance to go back to that picture of her.

Damnit Troy. Does this girl really already have your mind gone?





Five.





Nik was in a good mood.

I knew this before I’d even seen her face – before I even opened my eyes – because of how I woke up. Smooth, clear vocals that wouldn’t have been out of place on a stage pulled me from the grips of sleep nearly an hour past when I’d set my alarm. I didn’t have plans, I just hadn’t wanted to waste my Saturday morning in bed. Still, I remained where I was, just listening as my cousin sang her heart out to Mariah Carey’s Butterfly album.

Heartbreaking lyrics she knew plenty about.

That thought alarmed me enough to pull me out of bed, flinging the door open to find her in the kitchen in her wireless headphones, oblivious to anything else as she did the weekly deep cleaning Aunt Darcy had instilled as a habit. I waved to get her attention, and the smile she gave me when she looked up, pulling her headphones down to rest around her neck, made my shoulders sink in relief.

“Good morning! Am I too loud?” she asked, and I shook my head.

“No, I was just worried about your set list,” I told her, pushing my arms out to stretch. “Had to make sure I didn’t need to kick any ass.”

“Oh! No, none of that,” she laughed, resting on the handle of the mop she’d been using. “The more heartache in the music, the better I clean.”

“Just like your mama.”

“You know it. They’re really excited about lunch today. Mama has had her chicken soaking in buttermilk since yesterday morning. She is ready to feed you.”

I grinned. “And I am ready to eat. We’re going together, right?”

“Yep, you’re driving.”

“That’s what I figured,” I nodded. “Let me go wash my face and brush my teeth, and I can help in here.”

Anika shook her head. “Oh girl you’re late. Once I finish this floor I’m done. And I’m starving now. You wanna come to the coffee house with me, grab a muffin or something before my mother stuffs us full of fried chicken and potato salad?”

“Hold up,” I said, raising a hand. Her plans sounded good, but I was stuck on the fact that she was telling me she was done with what was a good two hours of work. “You’re already finished? How long have you been up?”

She shrugged. “Since five or six. I didn’t mean to, but something woke me up and I couldn’t get back to sleep. Some loud thumping and bumping outside.”

My eyebrows went up. “I heard none of that. I must’ve been knocked out. Slept straight through my alarm too.”

“Mmmhmmm,” Anika smirked, going back to swirling the mop. “Must’ve been having some really sweet dreams about a certain barber…”

“Oh shut up!”

“I will not!” she teased. “Don’t try to act like you didn’t come in here the other night grinning your face off because Troy called your photos brilliant.”

I wrinkled my nose. “He did, didn’t he?”

“See there?” Anika laughed as she returned the mop to the pail full of soapy water – old school to the core when it came to things like this. “You’re beaming about it. And I still can’t believe you hit that. Troy Baldwin… just when I thought you couldn’t get any swaggier.”

Forgetting all about my plans with the bathroom, I plopped onto the couch to watch Anika… and pump her for information.

“Wait, what does that mean?” I asked, eyes wide. “Is everybody after him or something?”

“Obviously. I mean, Troy is handsome, single, has a good job, and doesn’t seem to be a creep. He has his little history here and there with people, casual flings, blah blah—”

“None of anybody’s business, except everybody knows because someone is always running their mouth?”

Anika nodded. “Precisely. But, my point is, he just abruptly stopped. He was kicking it regularly with one particular girl, but then he just dropped her, and started keeping to himself. We never see him out as much as he used to be, not even rumors about him dating anybody, and now here you come, bagging him on your first night in town. Like I said. Swaggy.”

Hoe rehab…

“Why? Like, what made him change? Did he have like a near-death experience or something? Almost get hit by a car? Get threatened by somebody’s husband?”

Nik shrugged. “Not that I know of. It really seemed like an all-of-a-sudden kinda thing. He didn’t wanna be a player no more. I mean, until—”

“Don’t say it!”

“Say what?”

“Don’t say “until you” again, as if he and I… have a thing.”

Her eyebrow shot up. “You don’t have a thing?”

“I told you what I’m on, Nik! And in case you need a reminder, it’s not that man’s dick, because that’s not why I came here.”

“Unexpected perks, cousin.” She bent to wring the extra water from the mop before she slapped it to the floor again. “You could do a lot worse. I mean, it’s not like he’s one of those who was out there, like his homey Russ is. He never had like a bad reputation, he was just… a bachelor. Normal stuff.”

I shook my head. “Why does it sound like you’re trying to talk me into him?”

“Uh, duh, because I am,” she said. “I mean you obviously like him. Your whole face lights up when you talk about him.”

“I do not talk about him.”

“We’re literally having a whole ass conversation about him right now.”

“Only because you brought him up.”

“And I only brought him up because you so clearly want him.”

Sucking my teeth, I sat up a little straighter, giving way more attitude than needed when I asked, “Based on what exactly?”

“Based on you coming home the other night gushing about his opinion on your pictures, how his hair felt, how good he smelled, need I go on?”

“I don’t understand why you’re attacking me.”

“Oh hush,” Anika laughed, finishing up the last of the floor. “The truth is the truth – nobody is attacking you.”

“Then why does it feel that way?”

“I’m going to take a wild guess and say that it’s because you like him.”

“I don’t know him to like him,” I argued, following her down the hall to the bathroom to empty the mop bucket. Even as the words left my lips, they felt like a lie, as much as I didn’t want them to be.

The truth was that after being around him a whole three times, I liked him more than I should. Liked the back and forth, liked the flirtation, liked the… danger… of knowing that I shouldn’t be around him, but playing with that fire anyway.

I knew better.

For someone who claimed to not be interested in a “thing”, I found myself way too comfortable in his presence, talking and touching and if I was honest… seducing. I knew the effect I had on him – would have to be blind not to. But our vibe was so natural, so easy, that it felt impossible to pretend I didn’t want him.

So I didn’t.

He didn’t pretend either.

And something about the fact that we both knew what it was, what it could be, and still managed to play it cool made the whole thing more appealing to me. Like smelling the frosting on a cake you knew you couldn’t eat.

“Okay, so get to know him,” Nik suggested, coming to stand beside me in the mirror as I prepped my toothbrush, then went to work scrubbing my teeth. “When is the last time you did that? Have you ever done that? Let yourself get to know someone long enough to really like them?”

“What would I do that for?” I asked, around a mouthful of toothpaste, before I spit.

“Because you’re human, and humans crave companionship?”

I looked up from rinsing my mouth to shoot her a wink in the mirror. “Oh I get plenty of companionship. No worries there.”

“I don’t mean by-appointment dick.”

“There’s another kind?”

“Jules…”

“What?” I shrugged. “Seriously Nik, I’m not interested in making anything any more than what it already is. I’m happy. Okay?”

She poked out her lip. “So you’re saying you’re not going to let me live vicariously through you while he sweeps you away in a fairytale love story?”

“Sorry cuz,” I told her, wrapping an arm around her waist. “Maybe one day, but for now, I’m trying to keep these legs closed. I don’t need anybody making me all emotional and shit. Starting a business is emotional enough.”

Anika groaned, then gave me a squeeze back before she moved to the door. “Okay. I guess I’ll accept that. But you’re paying at the coffee house.”

I laughed. “Fine, crazy ass. I should be ready in a few minutes.”

So it took several minutes instead of “a few”, but we were still well within breakfast hours when we headed out the door of the apartment. My back was turned to lock it behind us, so I didn’t realize Anika had stopped cold until I walked right into her, trying to get to the stairs.

“Uh, what’s wrong with you?” I asked, stepping around her to see the wide-eyed expression on her face.

She blinked, then shook her head, nervously adjusting the purse on her shoulder. “Uh… nothing. It’s just… our neighbors are back.”

“Neighbors?” I asked, and then as if I’d conjured them up, the door to the stairs opened, and two men came through. It was then that I noticed the open door across the hall from ours, which had to be what they were headed for.

Both were dressed casually – for moving, apparently, based on the boxes in their hands – but even with fitted caps pulled over their heads, one forward, one backward, I could tell they were fine. Like this neighborhood just spawned fine ass Black men.

And then I did a double-take at the one with his cap pulled forward, and my eyes went wide. “Josiah?”

He must’ve noticed me at the same time I noticed him, because his mouth spread into a wide grin as he approached. “Juliet Nichols. Damn it has been too long. How the hell did you get finer?”

I tried not to smile too hard as he dropped the boxes he was carrying to pull me into the kind of hug you only gave someone you used to sex and still wanted to. I hugged him back, because… accurate.

“Anika, you been holding down the fort?” his friend asked behind us. I pulled away from Josiah in time to see him step right up to Anika and kiss her temple, while she stood there grinning and blushing like a fool.

“Everything should be safe and sound,” she assured him, nodding eagerly. “But I thought you weren’t coming back until this Summer? How did the tour go?”

“It was lit, as expected,” Josiah told her, sauntering away from me to approach her as his friend stepped back. “But uh… Noble didn’t mention that the neighbors were baddies. Whassup man, why you holding out?”

“Uh… thanks I guess?” Anika responded, with a completely different energy than she’d given “Noble”. She was clearly not as impressed by caramel-skinned, hazel-eyed Josiah as I’d been… however many years ago. Noble, on the other hand, with his rich, pecan tone and high cheekbones was exactly her type. He was also vaguely familiar.

“So, can somebody fill me in on what’s happening right now?” I asked, stepping into the little circle they’d formed, now that Noble had put down his boxes inside the other apartment. “What is this?”

“Oh, sorry Jules,” Anika said, moving to stand beside me. “This is Noble. He is an amazing neo-soul singer, who happens to live across the hall from us now. He’s been away on tour. Small venues, cool cities.”

“You sure know how to make “hustling our way across the country trying to get noticed by the right people” sound good, Nik,” he told her, giving her another of those smiles that were like kryptonite for… well, everybody. I wanted him to stop smiling at her like that, especially with the way she grinned back.

“Just calling it like I see it. And this… his guitarist?” Anika asked, a question that I could answer myself.

“Yes, Josiah plays the guitar, among… other things,” I said, trying not to meet his eyes. If memory served, he was very good with his fingers. “We’ve actually met… back in Cali. A long time ago.”

“Too long ago,” he insisted, running his tongue over his lips. “And we did a lot more than meet, you—”

“So, you play for Noble, huh?” I asked, talking over him, not interested in the trip down memory lane. “Or are you like… a duo?”

Noble answered that. “A duo. Call ourselves “The Cure”… for whatever ails you. Problems with your man… an itch you need scratched… loneliness… a headache you need to go away.”

What kinda corny bullshit…

“Oh that’s cute,” I lied, then grabbed Nik’s hand. “Well, anyway, it was nice to meet you.”

Noble frowned. “We haven’t actually…”

“Oh! Sorry,” Nik chimed. “Guys, this is my cousin Jules. She is a photographer, and she just opened up across from Fresh Cuts.”

“So you finally went for it?” Josiah asked, nodding. “Nice.”

“Thanks. So, Nik and I are going to head out. Have a good day!”

“Jules, what the hell is your malfunction?!” Nik asked, pulling away from me as soon as I got us safely down the stairs, and through the bike shop door. On the street, the first thing I noticed was the sleek black SUV, doors open, speakers blasting a voice that sounded suspiciously like Josiah, sing-rapping lyrics about sex on a rooftop. “Oooh, that must’ve been what I heard this morning,” she mused, temporarily distracted. “But back to you – what is going on?”

I swallowed hard, glancing back at the bike shop before I grabbed her wrist, pulling her down the street before one of the guys came outside. “Okay… do you remember some years ago… maybe like five or six… me telling you about this guy who had me doing all kinds of craziness? Public sex, wearing nipple clamps to class, etc, etc?”

Nik stopped walking, her eyes going wide. “Ma’am. Are you serious? That guy is the reason you have an arrest for public nudity on your record? The one who barely let you out of bed enough to get all your graduation credits?”

“Yes,” I frowned. “And why are you saying “that guy” like that, as if Josiah West is not fine as hell?”

Her face pulled into a grimace. “I guess he’s aiight, but nothing like Noble. I don’t even understand why he’s with him – Noble is clearly the better artist.”

“Of course you’d say that, you have a crush on him. Or… have you already hit that?”

Nik waved me off immediately – too fast – as her face flushed. “No. I have not slept with Noble. We’re neighbors, can you imagine how awkward it would be? Especially if like things went bad. It’s best to just be neighbors, like we are. And besides, have you seen him? Or better yet, heard him? He can get anybody he wants – does get anybody he wants.”

“Okay but why are you acting as if you’re not good enough for him to want you?”

“I’m not acting like anything,” she argued, not meeting my eyes before she suddenly started walking again. “I mean, you saw that exchange. He didn’t even notice that I’d chopped all my hair off. Just… “Hey Anika, nobody broke in while I was gone, did they?” Because he’s not checking for me like that – which is fine.”

I sucked my teeth. “You’re damn right it’s fine! His loss,” I told her, weaving my arm through hers as we continued toward Urban Grind, side by side. “But hey… why does he look so familiar? And do not tell me it’s because of that wack-ass wannabe Bryson Tiller ass music, because that’s not it.”

“That’s so mean,” Anika scolded, but at least she laughed too. “But no, he uhh… he’s Royal’s little brother.”

My eyebrow went up. “Little? There was nothing little about him.”

“Younger,” she corrected. “Royal is like 34, Noble just turned 30. And then there’s the older cousin, Roman.”

“Ahh, the one who owns the coffee shop?”

“Right. Just a fine ass family.”

I grinned. “No argument from me there. Hey… you think people say that about us? Like damn, Jules and Anika look good, that must be a fine ass family.”

“Maybe so,” Anika giggled. “You just make sure you have that fine ass wallet out to pay for this coffee.”





I knew there would be tears.

That was why I’d avoided this for as long as I could, waiting nearly three weeks after I’d moved in with Nik to make this happen. But, I’d done the avoidance thing long enough, had worn out the little grace period I had, to the point that I had to just swallow it, and deal.

Aunt Darcy’s amazing fried chicken wings had certainly helped.

But I still just hated the tears.

As soon as I came through the door, they’d been waiting for me, with shy smiles that made guilt tug at my chest. I knew I was wrong, knew I should’ve come as soon as I got back to town, but that knowledge hadn’t been enough to overcome my aversion to the emotional display.

Aunt Darcy’s tight, tearful hug had just made my throat hurt from trying to hold back my own feelings, my own hurt that she was the one to have this reaction to my presence. The pride in Uncle Will’s eyes just reminded me that the person who should’ve looked at me that way, chose to view me in a vastly less appropriate light. Don’t get me wrong – I loved them, so much. But the fact that there was a reason to even have the relationship I did with my aunt and uncle made it hard to face them – to face most members of my family, honestly.

But Will, Darcy, and Anika were the ones who mattered.

So I swallowed nausea and the urge to run, and sat my ass down at their table for a meal. Because despite everything else, they’d been good to me – better to me than anyone else – and they deserved for me to act like it. I wasn’t an overly-emotional teenager anymore, running away to avoid difficult feelings. I was a grown woman now.

I could handle this.

“You’ve gotta let us know your schedule baby,” Aunt Darcy said, reaching across the table to put two more wings and a fat, flaky biscuit on my plate. “Me and your uncle want us some of those naked pictures to hang up in the bedroom.”

I almost choked on a mouthful of greens, hurriedly reaching for the big glass of lemonade she’d put down beside me to clear my throat. “Like boudoir? And you want me to take them?”

“Why not?” she shrugged, really not seeing the problem, as my Uncle kept his head down, tucking into his plate. “Will doesn’t have to be in them. Just me.”

That got his attention to look up enough, with a frown. “Wait a minute now! You’re cutting me out?”

“We both know I’m the fine one baby, hush,” Aunt Darcy said, reaching to pat her husband’s face.

“You lucky you got that wagon behind you woman,” he teased, making her blush a bit as she leaned, giving him room to say something in her ear that made her blush even harder.

“Mom, Dad, please,” Anika whined, stopping with a forkful of potato salad hovering just in front of her mouth. “I’m trying to eat.”

Aunt Darcy sucked her teeth. “Who stopping you baby? I know you’re not grossed out, how you think you got here? Your daddy been knowing how to get my—”

“O-kay!” I chimed. “If you guys really want that, I know another photographer I can recommend you to.”

As much as I’d been around their open displays of affection – and lust – for each other, I wasn’t sure I was the right fit to do those types of shots for them. Anika and I were both used to their lovey-dovey, handsy nature – hell, they were one of the reasons I had the teensy, tiny bit of faith I did in fidelity and marriage – but couple’s boudoir was a whole different ballgame. One I wasn’t playing with them.

“Oh fine then,” Aunt Darcy agreed, finally pulling away from what had nearly turned into an impromptu make-out session. “But I’m serious though, you get me that number.”

I nodded. “I will. But, any time you guys want some fully-clothed, look how much we love each other kinda pictures, you just let me know. And you guys have to come see the studio now that I’m nearly finished setting it up.”

“You tell us when, and we’re there baby girl,” Uncle Will said, grinning across the table. “We didn’t want to just pop up on you, but your Auntie was ready to bust up in there last week.”

“I sure was. Mmmhmm,” she nodded. “I’m glad you came around on your own, cause I would’ve had you mad at me.”

Putting down my fork, I smiled. “You know I can’t stay mad at you about anything Auntie.”

“Sure could’ve fooled me. That was the only good reason I could think of for you to not be there for my sister’s memorial service.”

“Darcy…” Uncle Will grunted, giving her a warning look that she ignored.

“Oh, I’m not saying anything wrong, Will. I understand she had a difficult relationship with Doreen, but I would think she would come to be there for me.”

I swallowed the food in my mouth as the table went quiet. “She’s right,” I told my Uncle, then shifted to my Aunt. “You’re right. I’m sorry. It was selfish of me, to not be there when you were hurting. I’m sorry. Really.”

“And you should’ve been there for you too,” Aunt Darcy insisted, eliciting quiet groans from Anika and Uncle Will, who knew what she apparently didn’t – that she was pushing too hard. “Maybe it would’ve been cathartic for you, a chance to explore your grief. Have you done anything to help with it? Talked to anybody about it?”

“Uh…” I looked at my plate instead of looking at her, stabbing at a stray lump of bacon from the greens. “Not really. You kinda have to feel something, to seek help for it.”

Aunt Darcy sighed. “Oh, Jules, baby. You don’t have to pretend not to feel anything—”

“I’m not pretending,” I said, stopping her. “She was your sister. You grew up with her, you loved her, she loved you. Your experience with her is totally different than mine, and you… you know what she did.”

“Of course I do.” She grabbed my hand and squeezed. “But sweetheart, forgiveness is so freeing, and it’s not even—”

“About her, I know. It’s about me. And I am fine. I already feel free, and I don’t have any grief to work through about it.”

“She was your mother.”

“No,” I snapped. “She was not.”

“Darcy,” Uncle Will said again, louder, firmer. This time, my aunt pressed her lips closed, saying nothing else about it.

Thankfully.

I gave my Uncle a grateful nod, and then chanced a glance over at Anika, who had her eyes on her plate. All it took was the tightness of her jawline to know that she was probably pissed at me for having a back and forth with her mother, but honestly… she was going to have to get over that. It wasn’t anybody’s place to tell me how to feel about this, or force me to talk about it.

Especially when Aunt Darcy knew what the situation between me and her sister was.

“Um… the yard looked really beautiful when we pulled up, Aunt Darcy,” I said, breaking the silence after a few minutes had passed. “Anika told me you’d done your landscaping, but it still took my breath away. Those purple dahlias are everything.”

A little smile crept onto Aunt Darcy’s face. She was serious about that front yard. “You really think so?”

“She does,” Anika spoke up, grinning a little herself. “She actually squealed when we pulled up.”

After that, Aunt Darcy was outright beaming again. “Well, thank you baby. Your uncle purchased some space for me in a big greenhouse, just outside the city. They have different temperature zones set up, and you can go out there and grow whatever you want! I grew my dahlias and hydrangeas out there and then transplanted them. And I’m using a new fertilizer for the roses.”

“Well your effort really shows. It looks amazing.”

“That’s what I like to hear,” Uncle Will said, looking at Aunt Darcy with another of those lusty gazes like no one else was in the room. “I told you, you were good enough to do this professionally.”

“Professionally?” Anika and I asked, at the same time, and Aunt Darcy looked a little flustered as she turned to us.

“Well… Will and I were talking, and I’ve been thinking about… maybe starting my own little business. A little boutique landscaping company or something, you know?”

“Mama, that would be awesome,” Anika gushed. “And, hey – you know Roman’s wife owns Posh Petals, right? I bet you could talk to her about sourcing for your plants, or even about wedding venues who might want permanent landscaping done.”

I nodded. “That would probably be really, really cool. Have you thought about your name yet?”

“Or a website?”

“Oooh! I could take pictures for the website for you,” I added, earning an excited, “yes, exactly!” from Anika.

But. Aunt Darcy held up her hands, urging us to calm down. “It’s still early, girls. Just an idea. But I appreciate how excited you are – it helps convince your Uncle to invest in me when it’s time to take it further.”

Uncle Will scoffed. “Woman please, everybody at this table knows you can have everything in my wallet. Especially if you keep frying this chicken like this.”

“Oh hush,” she told him, as Nik and I laughed. “Oh, Jules – speaking of investing in people’s passions, hold on.”

I watched her as she stood up, rushing off somewhere. I had a feeling of what was about to happen, especially when I noticed that both Anika and Uncle Will were suddenly looking nervous.

Sure enough, when Aunt Darcy came back, there was a check-sized envelope in her hands. I took it when she handed it to me and sat back down to watch as I opened.

I was already shaking my head when I saw her and Uncle Will’s name printed at the top of the personal check, dated for the day I’d arrived in Mahogany Heights. “You guys really, really didn’t have to do this,” I told them, pausing for a moment before I pulled the check the rest of the way out. My eyes went so wide it hurt for a second as my gaze fell on the amount of the check. I’d expected a few thousand dollars, because that was just the way they were, but there were… too many zeroes. “What is… what is this?” I asked, an uncomfortable feeling in my chest.

And from the expressions around the table, there was some discomfort there too, and Uncle Will was the one to speak up.

“We know it’s more than you were probably expecting to see when we handed it to you,” he started, in an overly-soothing tone that let me know I wasn’t about to like what was next. “And it’s more than we’d be able to do anyway… if Doreen hadn’t had a life insurance policy. Your Auntie was one of the beneficiaries, so… we were able to do this for you.”

I nodded, blinking back tears. “I probably don’t need to even ask who the other beneficiary was, do I?”

“Jules…” Aunt Darcy said, using the same soothing tone as Uncle Will, while on the other side of me, Anika grabbed my hand.

But I shook my head. “No, it’s fine. It’s fine. I get it. You’re… doing what you always do, trying to make up for her. That’s what this is, right? A check for the money she “should’ve” left me. I get it, guys.”

“Jules, baby…” Aunt Darcy stood up, approaching the side of my chair to put a hand on my shoulder. “It’s not about making up for her. It’s about doing the right thing, period. And the right thing is for you to use this money to help make your dream come true. Okay?”

I’d rather shred it to tiny pieces and light it on fire.

“Okay Auntie,” I said, instead of spewing what was actually on my mind, because she didn’t deserve that. I stood up, pulling her into a hug and choking back my disgust enough to bring up the real gratefulness I felt to her and my Uncle Will. Not just about this check, but because of exactly what she said – their constant efforts to “do right” by me, since the people who should’ve… wouldn’t.

Luckily for me, Anika had to go to work for an afternoon shift, so pretty soon after that, we were able to get away.

“Thank you for being cool about the check thing,” Anika said, once we were closed inside my Jeep for the twenty-minute drive back to Mahogany Heights. Her words confirmed what I suspected – that she knew about it and hadn’t warned me, but I couldn’t blame her. If I’d known about the tainted money currently buried at the bottom my purse, I probably wouldn’t have come.

I didn’t respond other than to squeeze her hand back when she squeezed mine, and it was enough. Anika knew the full, ugly depths of what that visit with her parents had stirred in me, had witnessed that trauma from the beginning, so she was gracious enough to just let me be, even once we made it home. I crawled into bed and went to sleep, just to avoid thinking or feeling or hell… being. Even if it was only for a few moments.

A few moments turned into a few hours, and I woke up with the sun having gone down, in an empty apartment. Darcy and Will had sent us home with plenty of leftovers that could’ve soothed the hunger pangs that hit as soon as I was upright, but I was in the mood for something even more comforting than Aunt Darcy’s fried chicken.

Something sweet.

I washed up and threw on some athleisure gear, opting for comfort overlooking cute. My hair went up in a high puff, and I grabbed my bag to leave, heading straight for the storefront I’d been avoiding after Anika’s warning.

One of those honeybuns from f.w.b. sounded like exactly what I needed.

My stomach started rumbling as soon as I stepped inside, obviously eager to get filled with whatever was permeating the air with that mouth-watering smell. I wasn’t surprised that there was a line, but I was a little sad about it, and so was my damn stomach. My impatience drew my eyes to the walls of the bakery, taking in the cute artwork that lined the walls. Still in line, I turned a bit, following the path of the imagery.

A path that led me right to Troy, sitting off in a quiet corner booth to himself.

Immediately, my heart started racing. His back was to me, and his head was down, probably looking at his phone or something. I didn’t have to go say anything – he hadn’t even seen me. And hell, even if he had, it’s not like I was required to seek him out every time we ran into each other.

But the thing was… I wanted to go talk to him.

There was no denying that I felt insanely good walking away from every interaction I’d had with him. And after the emotional mess of that lunch, the time I’d spent in tears once I was alone, and how I felt now… I could use a little of the way he made me feel.

The decision was pretty easy.

I stepped out of line and went straight for him, not considering until I was halfway there that he could’ve been meeting someone. My footsteps faltered over that thought, but I kept going, telling myself that I could easily just cut the conversation short and move on, if necessary. Still though… my steps slowed as I got close.

Peeking over his shoulder, my eyes landed on the picture he was looking at on his phone – one of Storm tolerating being held by a gorgeous, caramel-skinned little girl with a mass of brown curls. He swiped his thumb across the screen, to a picture that was almost identical – just a different angle – and I smiled when I realized what he was doing.

“Is she yours?” I asked, getting his attention with the question. He flinched a little, caught off guard before he turned, eyes coming up to meet mine.

“Nah, my friend’s little girl. He brought her to the shop earlier. Why are you sneaking up on me?”

I shook my head. “My bad, I didn’t mean to bother you. Just wanted to say hello.”

“You’re not bothering me,” he said, grabbing my hand before I could walk off, embarrassed. He used his hold to pull me in front of him. “I just wasn’t expecting you over my shoulder. I used your tips, to take pictures of Storm and Bell. They actually turned out pretty good.”

I smiled. “Yeah, I saw. I’m glad it worked for you.”

“Me too. So… when is my next lesson?”

My teeth grabbed at the inside of my lip, nervously chewing as I considered my response – a sensation that was a little baffling to me. I chalked it up to my irregular emotional state, and pushed another smile to my face. “Uh… whenever you want, I guess.”

Instead of responding to that, Troy’s eyes narrowed a little, like he was trying to figure something out. “You want to sit down?” he asked, which struck me a little out of the blue, but I nodded anyway. As soon as I’d slid into the space across from him in the booth, he leaned over the table. “Hey… what’s wrong?”

Immediately, I frowned. “What?”

He shrugged. “I don’t know… you’re just really low key right now, not like the Jules I’ve met these other times. And… your eyes and nose are pretty red… like you’ve been crying.”

“Oh God, I knew I should’ve put some makeup on,” I whined, immediately dropping my head. “I should go.”

“Nah,” he said, and then slid out of the booth to come to my side. “Scoot over,” he said, and I did, giving him room to slide in beside me, smelling good enough to rival the aroma of baked goods. “What’s up? One of these knuckleheads around here piss you off?”

I laughed. “If only it were that simple.”

“Rarely is.” He fixed me with that penetrating gaze that was so hard to look away from, especially when he leaned in a little more to ask, “You want to talk about it?”

My eyes dropped to the polished table top. “No. Maybe.”

Whatever he was going to say in response was interrupted by the arrival of a plate of… heaven. It was a honeybun alright, but it was the size of the large plate it was on, drizzled with layers of icing and pecans. My internal drooling must’ve translated to my expression, because Troy chuckled, then asked the server to bring a second fork.

“What?” I asked, shaking off my little dessert-induced trance. “You don’t have to do that. I can order my own, so you don’t have to share.”

He shrugged. “I insist. You’d be doing me a favor. Nobody needs to eat a whole one of these in one sitting.”

I sucked my teeth. “Jokes on you, because now that I’ve seen it, I plan on ordering two of these to take home.”

“Ah damn,” he laughed. “It must be really bothering you then. Whatever this is that you don’t, but maybe do, want to talk about.”

Instead of playing it off, I nodded. “Yeah, actually. It is.”

“Aiight then, well,” he said, then accepted the extra fork from the server to hand to me. “Eat, and talk.”

I ate, but didn’t talk.

At least, not at first. At first, we ate in relative silence, with me devouring much more than I intended, but still barely making a dent. And for his part, Troy minded his business. He glanced at me a few times, but said nothing, just… waited. That patience, and the quiet comfort of his company was what made me loosen my tongue.

“My aunt and uncle gave me a check today,” I said quietly, sitting back against the cushioned leather of the booth. “A really big check.”

He gave me a deep nod. “Okay. Most people would be pretty excited about that.”

“Yeah, but… the money is from my… mother,” I said, only because I didn’t care to explain why I didn’t think she deserved to be called that. “Well… technically. She didn’t want to give me anything, but they decided I should have it.”

“So… they made her write it?” he asked, and I shook my head.

“No. She died. Left them the money.”

“But nothing for you?”

“No…,” I whispered. “Not a thing. Not that I was expecting anything. We hadn’t spoken since I was sixteen years old.”

Troy’s eyes went wide. “Oh. Damn.”

“Exactly.”

There was silence between us for a moment before he leaned over, nudging my shoulder with his. “Hey… so what makes a sixteen-year-old stop speaking to her mother?”

His question brought the tears I’d been trying to hold back to the forefront, and I quickly swiped my thumbs under my eyes, wiping them away. “Um… I didn’t stop speaking to her. She stopped speaking to me. And… I don’t want to talk about more than that right now.”

“Okay. You don’t have to.”

I pushed out a deep breath, knowing how crazy I probably looked and sounded. This man had come here to … eat five thousand calories worth of pastry, not sit with me while I cried about shit from more than ten years ago. And just when I thought there was no way I seemed like anything other than a complete mess, I felt his arms around me, pulling me into him for a hug.

And it was glorious.

I shamelessly tucked my face into his neck, but I had just enough restraint not to break into sobs like I wanted. Closing my eyes, I inhaled his cologne, and indulged myself in the soothing strength of his arms for a few moments before I pulled back. Before I had to pull back, because my body hadn’t caught the memo about this not being a good time for hard nipples or heat between my legs.

“Okay, go back over there,” I said, nudging him away from me. He frowned for a second, but then did as I asked, returning to his original seat with confusion playing across his face. “Thank you.”

“For what?”

I shrugged. “Letting me talk. Sharing your honeybun. That hug.”

“You don’t have to thank me for any of that. And I thought the hug was too much, since you kicked me off your side of the booth…”

“No,” I shook my head. “It wasn’t that at all. I needed it.”

His lips spread into a smile. “Well, in that case, you’re welcome. You feel a little better?”

“I actually do. I’m still about to go get in this line and order one of these bad boys to take home with me,” I told him, gesturing at the unfinished honeybun.

“Well, actually…” he moved to the end of the booth, glancing around it as the same server from before approached the table with a box in his hand. He and Troy exchanged a short fist bump, before he handed over the box, and Troy turned back to me with a grin. “Already got you taken care of, mama.”

I had to catch myself to keep my mouth from dropping open. “I… what? Are you serious? When…?”

“When you were all quiet earlier, when we were eating. I had a feeling, so I used their little online service to order up another for you to take.”

I gotta get out of here.

“Well, at least let me pay you for it,” I insisted, only to be met with a firm headshake I wasn’t about to even try to argue. I knew he wasn’t going to budge. “Thank you. Really.”

“Not a problem. I hope you feel better.”

“I will,” I told him as I stood up, grabbing the box to take with me. “See you around?”

He grinned. “We always manage, don’t we?”

I headed toward the door with a bounce in my step, willing myself not to look back. As I pushed it open to leave though, I couldn’t help myself. When my eyes met his, letting me know he’d turned all the way around to watch… butterflies erupted in my chest.

I gave him one last smile, feeling so good that not even getting the stink eye from some woman in line, some woman I didn’t even know, made my good vibe falter. I just smiled at her too as I left, and went on about my way.





Six.





I swear I didn’t drop in on purpose.

I wasn’t seeking her out, wasn’t trying to find my way into her space. It just happened like that.

I was leaving the park, after hooping with a few guys from the shop, since it was my day off. On those days, I only went to the shop to open and close it, maybe run a few numbers or something, but I usually steered clear so nobody would find anything for me to do. On the way home, I even took a slightly different route home so I wouldn’t be right in front of the windows as I walked past, lest I catch somebody’s attention and get pulled into spending hours there doing one thing or another.

That slight variation put me right in Jules’ path. As soon as I turned the corner I saw her, trying to maneuver a wagon full of what I could only describe as junk through the front door of her studio.

“Hey, let me help you with that!” I called out, and when she looked up to see it was me, I almost laughed at the relief on her face.

“Thank you,” she professed, a hand to her chest as she held the door open for me to get it inside, and then closed it behind us. “My shoulders are so sore from digging through crap I was almost about to just say forget it, and leave it at the door.”

“What is all this anyway?” I asked, peeking through the pile of random… stuff. Picture frames, planters, baskets, a wire-framed chair… all manner of things I couldn’t fathom being useful.

“Photo props!” Her smile was huge as she grabbed the handle of the wagon, pulling it behind her as she headed down a hallway, motioning for me to follow. She flipped the light on to another big room, filled with various piles of stuff that looked a lot like what was already in that wagon. “Of course I’m gonna have to jazz it all up first, but I spent the morning at the flea market, sourcing things that I’ll use in different shoots. I know it probably seems random, but I have a vision for it. Like this chair? Ten bucks! I’m gonna spray it some bright, funky color, and then some teenager’s parents are going to hire me to take their senior portraits. I’m gonna plant that chair in the middle of somebody’s garden, put that teenager in, and take pictures that compare this step in her life to… growth and blooming, and harvesting… or something. I know it’s corny, but I love it, and I’m excited.”

“I actually think it sounds dope,” I laughed, using the towel draped over my shoulder to wipe away the sweat I was still producing after spending two hours running around in the steadily rising heat this morning. “You’ve got a creative mind.”

Jules beamed over the compliment as she started sorting her new discoveries into the existing piles. “Why thank you! Now I just need some clients to go with it.”

I nodded. “Yeah, that would probably be good. I’m shocked you don’t have anyone yet though.”

“I’m not,” she shrugged. “I’m actually still working on being properly equipped for that. I got a great amount of interest from the barbershop photos – lots of social media engagement, newsletter signups, things like that. But, I actually don’t have a client intake process yet, which is what I spent yesterday discussing with my web developer. Which is another thing to be excited about,” she went on, clearly in a more talkative mood than when I’d seen her a few days ago.

That shit had bothered me, for multiple reasons.

It was always a bit of a sore point with me, when people complained about their families. My first thought was usually “At least you have somebody”, but I quickly realized that whatever Jules was going through with her people… it wasn’t any of that petty shit I heard so often. I’d never gotten the impression that she was emotionless, or detached, but she seemed so feisty and resilient that seeing her cry… it troubled the hell out of me, because I knew it had to be bad. It had to be something that hurt deep.

I was more than a little concerned with how pissed I was that somebody had hurt her. But it wasn’t my business, so I hadn’t pried. Just did what I could to make her feel better, and it seemed like I’d accomplished that.

Seeing her today, back to the vivacious girl I’d first met?

Man, I’d stand here and listen to her all day.

“I’m so glad I decided to go with someone local, instead of just hiring someone online. She’s willing to make a trade, which is… phenomenal. Astrid wants me to take some promo shots for her yoga business! I know on the surface that’s not what Love Notes is about, but because she’s giving me full creative control, I can do it my way. Make it about the relationship with the body, the mindfulness, the peace that comes with yoga practice, you know? That way, they serve dual purpose – beautiful shots that are within the bounds of what I want to do, and they can still be used for promotions.”

I nodded. “Nice! I know we’ve definitely had new customers in the shop since you put out those pictures. It’s been poppin’ over there. I actually brought in a new barber this week.”

Her eyes got big, and she stopped what she was doing. “Really?!”

“Yeah, really,” I laughed.

“That is so great!” She clapped her hands, keeping them clasped together for a moment as she chewed on her bottom lip, obviously thinking through something.

“Yeah, it is. And, in a few months, a friend of mine is gonna need some maternity shots, and she mentioned maybe coming to you.”

Somehow, those eyes got bigger. “Really?!” she squealed. “Who?! She knows about me?!”

“Well, I can’t tell you who quite yet. I don’t think they’re telling people she’s pregnant for another month or so, but yeah, she knows about you.”

“Wow. I mean, I know there’s a logo on the window, but still… God this is exciting,” she gushed, then blew out a breath. “And I love maternity, so much. Pregnancy is so beautiful, and getting to help those mothers document that time, growing a baby they’re gonna love and cherish and care for is… it’s just amazing.”

I swallowed. “Yeah… I can imagine.” She went quiet after that, and I felt her eyes on me. She knew something had shifted, but probably wasn’t sure what. And hell… neither was I. “Hey…” I asked, looking up to find her attention still keenly directed at me. “You ever done like… adoption photos? Like a couple adopts a kid, gets pictures of the new family?”

She shook her head. “I haven’t personally done them, but I’ve seen them before. They’re beautiful.”

“Yeah. Of course.”

Silence again.

And then, “Hey, Troy…” when I looked up again, she’d put down the frame in her hands, and started walking toward me, pulling off her utility gloves. “Have you ever considered doing one of those ancestry test things?”

My eyebrows shot up. That was not the question I was expecting, at all.

“Nah,” I shook my head. “Well… I mean, I’ve thought about it, but I figured… if they wanted to be found, they wouldn’t have given me up in the first place.”

I expected that statement to be met with pity, but instead, her eyes lit with triumph as she stopped in front of me, propping her hands on her hips.

“Well, your parents, yeah, but… they aren’t your only family. You could have grandparents, uncles, aunts, cousins who would love to know you.”

I frowned. “Why would they if my parents didn’t?”

“Because they’re not a hive mind?” she asked, even though it wasn’t really a question. “Listen… I was… kinda adopted too. When I was fourteen, I moved in with my aunt and uncle, because… because of stuff at home. At sixteen, my mother tried to force me to come back, but I refused, and so she legally gave up custody of me, and my aunt and uncle took it on. My mother never spoke to me again. Didn’t help with prom, didn’t come to my graduation, nothing.”

Trying to figure out how to address her without being rude, I ran my tongue behind my teeth, stalling. Finally, I said, “Jules… that’s messed up, really. And I’m sorry it happened to you. But… I don’t understand what it has to do with me?”

“It has everything to do with you,” she insisted. “What I’m saying is, I know what it’s like to have parents who… suck. I mean, we don’t know your parent's reasons, but it doesn’t matter. Just because they wouldn’t – or couldn’t – take care of, or love you, doesn’t mean that you don’t have other people who would love the opportunity. My Aunt Darcy? She didn’t care how my mother felt about it, even though that was her sister. She saw that I was a kid who needed somebody to love and protect her – to do what my mother wasn’t doing. And she stepped up. You might have your own Aunt Darcy who has spent all these years hating that she couldn’t take care of you. You know?”

I huffed. “Aiight. I guess I get your point, but… what if my shit is no fairy tale? What if it’s a bunch of motherfuckers who want nothing to do with me?”

“Then you lost exactly nothing. And now you have names to curse out in your head when you think about this shit, because I know you think about it. I can tell it bothers you. So… wouldn’t you rather at least know?”

My hand went up burying fingers in my hair as I scratched my scalp, and thought about what she was saying – presenting something I’d contemplated before in a light I’d never even considered.

“Man, I can’t be giving these white folks my DNA,” I chuckled, trying to bring a little light to what was turning into a heavy moment. “And I already have a little record? They’ll send my shit straight to the “frame this motherfucker for something” pile.”

Jules’ head tipped to the side. “A “little” record? What did you do?”

“It was years ago,” I started, giving that disclaimer up front. “Lil’ bit of… urban pharmaceutical marketing. Unlawful possession of a weapon.”

I expected judgment, maybe even a little fear, but as usual, Jules surprised me by nodding. “Because why wouldn’t you have something to protect yourself.”

“Still illegal. Still some shit I wasn’t supposed to be into,” I said, not giving myself the same grace I was glad to get from her.

“Well sure, we know that part. How many years?”

“Two out of ten. Got really damn lucky with that.”

Jules let out an ugly sound. “Yeah. While Becky with the good hair over in Cali or Denver is making millions now, selling the same things they lock us up for. But… that’s off-topic. I was actually going to recommend this company called Roots. They’re black-owned, anti-police brutality, all of that. Not as big as the other services obviously, but they’re for us. And if you get matched with someone else who has done it, they have ways to initiate contact. You should do it.”

“That actually sounds really dope. I think I might.”

“I think you will. Let’s order it now,” Jules said, grabbing me by the arm and tugging so fast that I was following her willingly before it even registered to me what she’d said.

“Wait, hold up,” I told her, stopping in the doorway of the room she’d set up as her office. She’d already sat down and powered up her laptop, and was typing something as I spoke. “I need time to think about this. Not rush into it.”

“Of course,” she piped, with a smile. “But, there’s no harm in just ordering the thing. If you decide not to do it, just don’t. But if you do decide to use it, you’ll have it. What’s your address?”

I sighed, but gave her the information to place the order, since I agreed with her assessment. Ordering it didn’t mean I had to actually complete it.

I was pulling out my wallet to give her my card for the payment when she stood up, closing the lid of the computer.

“Okay, you’re good to go! It’ll be here in a week.”

I frowned. “Doesn’t it need to be paid for?”

“Yeah, I took care of it. Payback for the honeybun, which was delicious by the way.”

Shaking my head, I went back into my wallet in search of cash. “Nah, how much was it? I know it was more than that damn honeybun.”

“Don’t worry about it,” she said, stopping right in front of me. She probably didn’t know, but she had a smudge across her forehead from her trip to the flea market. Her hair was pulled into two thick braids, and she was dressed in a tee shirt, baggy jeans, and bright yellow converse.

She was adorable.

“Let me pay you for the ancestry test,” I told her, hoping the firmness in my voice would do something other than make her grin, but of course it didn’t.

“I’m sure you’ll think of another way to make things even between us.” I grunted a bit as her little fist grabbed my sweat-soaked shirt, playing with the hem. “Just gotta be a little creative.”

“Yeah, well…” I started, about to play right into wherever she wanted to take this, but the sound of the front door opening drew her away from me.

Her face dropped into a frown as she waited, and a few seconds later, Anika from the coffeehouse – who I knew now was Jules’ cousin – appeared in the doorway.

“Oooh, my bad,” she said, grinning as soon as she saw me standing there with Jules. “I didn’t know I was interrupting something.”

“I need to get out of here anyway,” I said, returning my attention to Jules. “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. Let me know what you decide to do.”

“Will do.”

I acknowledged Anika with a nod and then got out of there, already knowing I was about to be a topic of conversation. They were giggling before I even left, and I shook my head as I pushed open the front door to head home with something new on my mind.

Whether or not I was going to take this test.





“Troy, wait up!”

Shit.

In the interest of not being an asshole, my footsteps slowed to a stop before I reluctantly turned to face the source of that request. Even though it was borderline cold this morning, with gloominess compounded by a light drizzle of rain, and all I wanted to do was get to the shop and settle in for what was probably going to be a slow day, I couldn’t bring myself to just outright ignore somebody I used to kick it with.

Mia knew that.

It was why she did it.

At least once or twice a week lately, she made sure we “accidentally” ran into each other. Unlike when I bumped into Jules, Mia was always polished and perfected, hair and makeup, clothes, the whole nine. And really, I wasn’t even the type of dude that had a problem with a woman spending time on her appearance, nothing like that, the shit was just mad transparent – she was never pressed about always being on ten before I cut her off… whatever it was that we were doing.

She clearly had an agenda, and I wasn’t down with being manipulated.

“Good morning,” she practically sang as she sauntered up, twirling her umbrella in her fingers. Once she’d approached, she raised a little higher, covering me too. “You headed to the shop?”

“Only thing that gets me up this early. And good morning to you too.”

A smile spread across her lips. “Thank you. You wanna know what would make it even better?”

Not really…

“I’m sure you’re going to tell me either way, right?”

“Ah, you know me so well,” she said, placing a hand against my chest. “You should come have a cup of coffee with me. That would make this dreary morning even better.”

I pushed out a sigh. “Mia… I’ve explained that—”

“You don’t want any confusion, blah blah,” she interrupted, waving me off. “Let’s be real, Troy – you were going to go open up the shop, then come back out for coffee anyway. You could just come with me now. It’s a cup of coffee, not a marriage proposal.”

“But it’s not “just” a cup of coffee, so I don’t know why you’re playing,” I told her, shaking my head as I pulled back from her touch. “It’s an “in”. An “in” to a situation that I thought we had an understanding about.”

She sucked her teeth, nostrils flaring with sudden anger. “No, you had an understanding. What I had was somebody I liked deciding he didn’t want to deal with me anymore, without ever giving me a real fucking reason.”

Should’ve just kept walking.

“Mia, look – I’m not about to do this. You’re talking about something that happened a year ago, first of all. And second of all – “I don’t want to do this anymore” is a reason. It’s just not what you want to hear.”

“It’s a not a reason, it’s a non-answer.”

“No, you’re looking for me to tell you something was wrong with this, or that, something I didn’t like, some mistake that was made.”

Mia let out a dry laugh. “Oh, so you do understand.”

“I understand perfectly, but what you don’t seem to understand is that I can’t give you what you’re looking for. I just wasn’t feeling it anymore. That’s it.”

“But you’re feeling this new bitch?”

“Aiight. I’ll see you around, Mia.”

I started moving again, intending to go on about my business, because I wasn’t about to stand in the street and rehash a non-relationship from a year ago. We weren’t meeting parents, going out to dinner, talking about our future. We were Netflix and chill, hook up after a night out with friends, let her use the good bowl for cereal in the morning, at best. Mia was cool – not a damn thing wrong with the girl, at all. She was pretty as hell, funny, great at being a hair stylist, banging ass body – and dudes dream girl.

Which is why the fact that she was still on this shit was baffling to me.

Until she brought up Jules.

Then, it made sense.

She was cool – or at least seemed to be – with me breaking things off after the initial “What the hell do you mean?!” feelings had worn off. Pissed at first, but then it was cool. We spoke on the street, could sit in the same group at UG, talking and laughing like it was nothing.

But then about a month ago, something shifted. She was in my face again, trying to make plans, wanting to swing by my place, all invitations I’d had to turn down, because I wasn’t going down that road again – a road that led to nothing.

“Wow, so that really is something? You and her?” Mia called after me, quickly catching up and getting in front of me. “You make this big deal that you’re ready to settle down and “find your future”,” she sneered, doing air quotes with one hand, “but this bitch shows up in town and all you can do is sniff behind her?!”

“First of all, she’s not a bitch, and you need to watch out calling her that. Second, how the fuck do you know my goddamn business? I didn’t talk about that shit with you.”

She smirked. “Your homeboy Monty. All he needed was a couple of drinks, and he called himself trying to comfort me by giving me this information when I asked him what the hell was wrong with you.”

“Why does it matter to you, Mia? Your ass swore up and down you didn’t want anything serious, but you’re still acting pressed about it! It was a year ago! Are you really on this “if I can’t have you nobody can” shit? That’s really what you’re about?”

“Maybe so,” she hissed, eyes narrowed. “I know you took her home the night Dani sang at UG, I saw her all in your face sharing pastries, and I saw you coming out of her little dumb ass “studio” last week, grinning like you won the fucking lottery. What does she have that I don’t? She isn’t even that cute, Troy.”

“See now you’re just lying,” I chuckled, stepping around her to continue on my way. Whatever her reasons were for this bullshit, I honestly didn’t even care. I didn’t have time for it.

“Troy,” Mia pleaded behind me, sounding just pitiful enough that I stopped one last time. “You know this is messed up, right? I really liked your ass. When I thought you were really looking for a wife or something, it was whatever. I wasn’t tripping about it. But now you’re all over this chick that just got here? It’s… whatever. Screw you, Troy.”

I let her have the last word.

Partly because I didn’t feel like arguing anyway, and partly because… it seemed like she needed it. She probably wanted me to say it wasn’t her, that it was me. But it wasn’t me. And it wasn’t her.

Shit between us just… wasn’t.

There wasn’t anybody to blame, and I wasn’t about to shoulder it just to make her feel better. Especially when she’d been getting along just fine until I gave Jules some attention. That was her shit to bear, not mine.

Still, when I made it to the barbershop I was annoyed. So annoyed that as soon as Monty popped his gossiping ass up, I pulled him aside to fill him in on Mia’s little street confrontation.

“Hey man, that was months ago,” he told me, trying to defend himself from my annoyance at him telling business I knew better than to share with him anyway. “She approached me, all teary and shit, asking what was up with you, talking all kinds of craziness about why you ain’t want her. So I cleared it up, and it was cool. I ain’t know it was supposed to be a secret, bruh, my bad. Ain’t nothing to be ashamed of, we rooting for you!”

I scoffed. “Dude – Mia was not rooting for me outside on the street this morning when she called Jules out of her name. She’s using it as ammo, dummy.”

“I said my bad,” he shrugged. Then, a grin spread across his face. “No lie though – Mia ain’t a bad problem to have. You think she’ll fight Jules over you?”

“It’s not a problem I want – this is the drama and shit I wanted left behind me. I’m not checking for Mia, and nothing is even happening with me and Jules. I think she’s dope, that’s it. There’s not about to be a girl fight.”

“Well just kill my dreams why don’t you?” Monty shook his head, moving past me to the door of the office. “That’s what you on now, dream killing?”

“Man, just get out there and cut some hair, and don’t tell Mia shit else about me. Matter of fact, don’t tell anybody anything about me. They wanna know, they can ask me.”

“I got you man, lips sealed.”

Yeah, whatever.

Once he was gone, I blew out a sigh. When it came down to it, it was still my bad for sharing those thoughts with my immature ass friends anyway. Of course they thought it was funny – they found women they wanted to have their children, women they would hurt somebody over, and still took the shit for granted, like it was promised.

It wasn’t.

But, I wasn’t trying to be on this moody stuff right now, so I pushed it from my mind in favor of getting ready for the day instead. By the time I joined the main area of the shop, I was in a better headspace, and able to fall right into the normal groove. Because of the weather, it was a little quieter than usual, but not enough that we didn’t still have a steady flow of activity from people coming in and going out.

Jules stepped in during a lull in the afternoon.

She didn’t seek me out immediately. She stood in the door for a second, observing, looking sunny enough to alter the weather in a yellow jacket and gray floral rain boots.

“Heyyy, there’s that pretty face again,” one of the old heads called out, bringing that beautiful smile to her face. “You come to take some more pictures? I just got fresh for you baby girl, I’m ready!”

“Not today Mr. Edgar,” she purred, undoubtedly making his day. “Actually…” she turned her attention for him to where I was standing, meeting my eyes. “I was hoping your chair was free.”

Considering the fact that I was sitting in it, not doing shit… “Yeah,” I told her, getting up. “You really trust me like that, to let me touch your hair?”

“Gotta trust someone eventually, right?” she asked as she approached, stopping right in front of the chair I’d moved to stand behind. “Can’t be out here looking scruffy.”

I laughed as she took a seat, for me to put a strip around her neck and wrap her in a cape. “I’m not sure “scruffy” is even possible for you.”

“Uhh, you see this, don’t play,” she laughed as I turned her toward the mirror, reaching up to run her fingers through the short coils at the side of her head – coils that replaced the detailed fade that had first drawn my attention to her that night at the coffee house. It definitely wasn’t the same look as before, but I wouldn’t call it “scruffy” at all.

“I got you. You need a wash first?”

She moaned a little as she angled her head in my direction instead of looking at me in the mirror. “Oooh, as good as it sounds to have you massaging my scalp, I already tackled that last night. Maybe next time though?”

“Oh, shit, you’re confident enough in my clippers to be planning for next time, huh?” I asked, pulling out a hair pick to slide through her coils.

“Just trying to give you a little confidence boost, you know?

“Okay gas me up then,” I chuckled. “You have a particular design or anything in mind?”

“Nah, just do your thing, barber man. Whatever you think suits me.”

My eyebrows went up. “Well damn, that’s a lot of pressure.”

“You can handle it though. Come on. Let’s go. I have a shoot in like two hours, don’t make me late.”

“Nah,” I picked up my trimmers to start with a clean canvas by shaping around her hairline first. “I’ll have you out much quicker than that. Tell me about your shoot though, what you got going on?”

“I will be shooting the lovely ladies over at Mane Event. I had to schedule around patrons who were willing to be photographed while their hair wasn’t completely laid yet,” she laughed. “Not even gonna lie – I probably would’ve been one of those who didn’t want to be in the pictures. I just hope they turn out okay with the weather. I won’t be able to get the light I wanted to get, but rescheduling would be a nightmare.”

“Uh… yeah. I can imagine.”

I kept my eyes focused on her hair while I wondered about the practicality of giving her a little warning about Mia, since she was apparently on some bullshit. The problem was, I didn’t want to give Jules the wrong impression – that I thought something was going on between us, or that I was the type of man to stir up drama between women. “Warning” her could definitely go left, when I wasn’t even sure it was worth it. Just because Mia was being cagey with me, didn’t mean it would extend to Jules.

So I kept my damn mouth shut about it.

“That’s dope though,” I told her, picking up my much smaller detail trimmer to draw out the design I was doing. “This still part of your “Home” series?”

“Yep. And points to you for remembering that.”

“Why would I forget?” I asked, and then looked up to find her staring at me in the mirror, wearing an expression I couldn’t read.

“I don’t know. Just wasn’t expecting it. Something being important to me doesn’t make it important to anyone else. People have their own shit.”

I shrugged, then put the trimmers back to her head. “True, but… it’s a little self-centered to just not remember things about people. Not everything obviously, but come on – nobody has that much going on that they can’t absorb shit. Unless they just don’t care, which is a whole other thing.”

“Are you saying that you care, Troy?”

“Huh?”

Jules burst into giggles while I switched trimmers again, giving myself the perfect excuse to delay answering that question – or just ignoring it, period. I couldn’t believe I’d walked myself right into that shit.

“Okay, so I’m not even gonna leave you on the spot by repeating that question,” she said, amusement lighting her eyes as she caught my gaze in the mirror. “I’ll ask a different invasive question instead – did you decide what you were going to do about the ancestry test?”

“Well shit, that’s easy,” I told her. “Sent it off two days ago. Nothing ventured, nothing gained.”

“Yesss! I’m so glad you did it! How long are the results supposed to take? It’s really just like, your ethnic breakdown right? Unless you have matches that signed up for the service too?”

I nodded. “That’s exactly what I’m looking at. Fingers crossed.”

“Definitely. I’m really excited for you. You’d better let me know about those results too, don’t try to get shy and secretive on me. That pretty ass dark skin, I just know you’re eighty-five percent German, or Italian, or French, Spanish, something. One of the spicy whites, not just regular.”

“Yo – what is wrong with you?” I laughed, pulling the trimmers away so I wouldn’t mess up her hair while I was cracking up.

“Whaaat?” she giggled. “I’m serious about you letting me know your results though.”

“Oh, bet. Already planned on it.”

“Good. Don’t make me have to come looking for you.”

I gave her a smirk in response to that as I stepped back, giving her a slight turn so she could see her hair in the mirror. “Oh you’ll be looking for me aiight, but it won’t be about that. It’ll be cause can’t nobody else touch your hair.”

“Oh my God,” she burst out, loud enough that the whole shop looked in our direction. And I didn’t mind being under that spotlight one bit, because I knew I’d hooked her up. Her mouth stayed open as she ran her fingers over the flower and leaves I’d outlined and then used varying hair lengths to essentially “color” it in, using fading to get a gradient effect. “Are you serious?” she whispered, angling her head back and forth to see, until I held up a second mirror for her to see how the design wrapped around the back.

“You thought it was gonna be wack?” I asked, laughing as I brushed the stray hair from her head and face.

She shook her head, still staring at herself in the mirror. “I knew it wouldn’t be wack, but I didn’t know it would be like this. Wow. How much do I owe you?”

“Not a thing,” I said, waving her off after I’d removed the cape, and she reached into her bag for her wallet. “I owed you, remember?”

Jules sucked her teeth. “Troy, no. I can’t not pay for this.”

I shrugged. “Don’t really have a choice, mama. Don’t you have a shoot to go get ready for? Why you sitting here arguing?”

“You’re right – and that’s the only reason I’m letting this go. For now.”

“If you say so,” I shot back, as she stood, rounding the chair to approach me.

“Thank you,” she said, after she’d stared at me for a few seconds – so long that I wondered what she was doing. “I’ll see you later. Have a good one.”

“You do the same.”

She bit down on her lip before she finally turned away, leaving the distinct impression that the exchange hadn’t quite gone how she wanted. I watched her leave, not realizing until after the door closed behind her that half the shop was looking in my direction.

“What?” I asked, and was answered with a round of laughter and shaking heads that I ignored while I cleaned up my station. I didn’t know how that exchange looked to outside eyes, but it had felt… shit.

So damn comfortable.

And I wasn’t sure I minded.





Seven.





It was raining again.

For the last two weeks, the weather had been hurting my feelings with the on-again/off-again approach to sunny days. I thrived in warmth and sun – was way more affected than I wanted to be by dreary skies and wet sidewalks. But, all I could do was hope that once this system passed, all the rain would give new things the energy they needed to bloom.

I had to be optimistic about something.

If only pessimism weren’t so damn easy. It was honestly difficult to feel anything else as I clicked through the not-so-great pictures on my screen. Mostly, they were fine, but I didn’t operate on “fine”, preferring instead to set my sights on Troy’s descriptor of choice – brilliant.

These pictures, the ones from the salon, weren’t that.

I’d been staring at them for days now, trying to figure out where exactly things had gone wrong. Sure, the lighting could’ve been better, but that was one thing I’d actually just made the best of, by letting the cloudy day be part of the setting, instead of fighting against it. The rain on the windows became a backdrop, and a shot of one of the stylists taking extra care to protect her client with a rain bonnet before she left was one of my absolute favorite shots.

It was the shit I hadn’t considered that tanked the whole experience.

Like, the fact that half the shop was giving me this weird vibe from the time I walked in, as if I’d done something to them. I brushed it off, thinking maybe it was just nerves about having a camera put in their face. Everybody reacted differently, so I opted not to take it personally.

Until Mia walked in.

Obviously, I hadn’t known her name at first, but I recognized the face. Skin a few shades lighter than mine, high cheekbones, pretty features complimented by a sleek bob – this was the same woman who’d given me a sour look that day I’d run into Troy at f.w.b., and she was giving me the same sour ass attitude now, cutting her eyes, huffing and puffing every time I got near her or turned the camera remotely in her direction.

I didn’t even know this girl, but it was clear she had a problem with me that I didn’t understand – a problem she’d evidently shared with her little posse in the back corner of the shop. They whispered and giggled and rolled eyes, but couldn’t seem to simply ignore me, if my presence was that much of a bother. I wasn’t fazed by it in a “hurt feelings” kinda way, but more like a “why are you bitches ruining the vibe” kinda way, that made it hard to just get lost in the atmosphere and capture it with my lens.

So annoying.

“I wonder what Troy is doing right now,” Mia said, her voice suddenly way louder than it needed to be, making it clear she wanted to be heard. “Probably somewhere with Mia on the brain, like always.”

She wanted me to react – a satisfaction I would never give her based on any passive-aggressive bullshit. I kept snapping away, like I didn’t even hear her silly ass, because I wasn’t trying to. Troy was a grown, single man, who could do what he wanted to do.

Sucked for her that I was what he wanted to do.

When I didn’t give her any attention, she got louder, launching into a graphic retelling of the last time she and Troy had been together, at his place. I kept it cool on the outside, but on the inside, I couldn’t front – it irritated me to hear her telling the whole shop the things he’d done to her. Not because I cared about him screwing her – because he hadn’t done those things to me…

Yet.

“Okay Mia, we get it, damn,” one of the other stylists, Andrea, said. She was friends with Anika, and had been the one I approached about coming in to do this in the first place. Nik was no blabbermouth, so I doubted defending me was anywhere on Andrea’s agenda – she was just sick of Mia. Her face was wrinkled in obvious irritation. “This overly-detailed ass story sounds like some shit you found in the erotica section on Amazon, and don’t front like your little Kindle don’t be poppin’, because that would be a lie.”

Mia rolled her eyes. “Girl, whatever. No need to read about it when you can actually get a man to do it. What, has it been a while for you?”

Andrea stopped what she was doing as the shop went quiet, everybody wondering what was next. “First of all, men aren’t exactly discerning when it comes to ass, so please don’t act like getting one to screw you is some special skill. Second, I get plenty of sex and I read plenty of sex too. I like to keep up with the trends, bitch. And third – didn’t Troy quit your little silly ass like a year ago, and you’re still telling stories about him? That’s sad, huh?”

I almost choked on my own tongue trying not to laugh – a sound that was luckily swallowed by the reactions of the others in the salon as Mia’s face flushed red. For a second, I felt bad for her, but then I remembered that she’d embarrassed herself trying to make me uncomfortable.

And for what?

There technically wasn’t even anything going on between me and Troy, at least nothing for her to be pissy about. Sure, we’d slept together, but that was almost a month ago at this point. Since then, our interactions had been friendly – sexually charged, but still. As far as she could possibly know, Troy and I were friends. And not to mention, I wasn’t one to compete over a man – if she wanted to have a pissing contest, she would have it alone.

I left shortly after that, with Andrea laughing in Mia’s face while another stylist tried to calm the situation down. I found myself fighting off an unfair level of annoyance at Troy, even though I knew it wasn’t his fault. I’d told him I was going to the salon though – he could’ve warned me about his crazy ex.

And now, here I was.

Days later, up past midnight, with Mia’s stupid ass pretty face on my screen. I hadn’t seen her – or Troy, for that matter – again since that day, but I was sure it was only a matter of time.

I had a rule though.

I didn’t fight, didn’t argue over men, because no one – not him or the woman he had acting crazy – was going to take up precious real estate in my life.

With that said, I liked Troy. And since Mia hadn’t been able to offer a rebuttal to Andrea’s assertion that she was old news, I wasn’t inclined to avoid him because of her. Honestly… I was tempted to go ahead and really snatch him up, just to throw it in her face. But that was a level of vindictiveness I’d put behind me, and a manipulation that Troy didn’t deserve. I wouldn’t risk hurting someone else just to be petty.

I’d sure love to see the look on her face though.

I was smiling at the thought when a knock sounded at the door. A glance at the time in the bottom corner of my computer screen confirmed that it was past “unexpected guest” hours. If Anika were home, I would assume that it was someone for her, but she’d gone with Aunt Darcy to the wedding of someone from Uncle Will’s side, who I didn’t know. Reluctantly, I pulled myself out of my chair to go to the door.

A quick glance through the peephole left me quite confident that the visitor wasn’t there for Anika.

I took a fortifying breath before I opened the door only as wide as the chain latch would allow. On the other side, impish hazel eyes peered at me, gracing my face for only a moment before they traveled greedily lower, landing on my breasts in the tank top I wore, with no bra.

“My eyes are up here,” I said, ignoring the perfection of the face those eyes belonged to. “And it’s not quite warm enough for you to be walking around without a shirt on, Josiah,” I scolded, forgetting just that quickly that I should’ve been ignoring his abs, too. “Your nipples are hard.”

“So are yours,” he shot back, in that too-smooth tone that had cost me my panties more times than I cared to admit.

I didn’t respond to that, verbally or physically, didn’t give him the satisfaction of crossing my arms over my chest to hide my obvious arousal. Instead, I leaned into the wall beside the door, keeping my hand on the doorknob.

“How can I help you, Josiah?”

His eyes crinkled at the corners as he gave me a sly grin and stepped a little closer. My heart rate increased, just a notch, as he pulled the pillow-soft flesh of his bottom lip between his teeth as he dipped his head, contributing to the barely-bearable sexual tension. “Well…,” he sighed, then fixed me with a gaze that was meant to disarm. “I was hoping… maybe… to borrow a little sugar, if you have some to spare.”

“Uh-huh,” I laughed. “Just… a little… sugar? That’s all?”

He stepped closer, as close as he could with the chain still latched, and my hand still on the door. “Yeah. I’d be much obliged, neighbor.”

“Oh I’m sure,” I told him, as I shifted my position in the doorway. “Since we both know how much you like my… sugar.”

“Get so high off your love, don’t know how to behave,” he sang, literally, sounding so damn good, so much like D’Angelo that it broke right through my little defenses, and I had to close my eyes for a second before I laughed, and shook my head.

“And that, right there, is the problem, isn’t it? You don’t know how to behave.”

Josiah sucked his teeth, raising his arm to prop against the wall outside the door – an action that put his beautifully toned, butterscotch-brown bicep right in my view. “Come on, Jules. I thought you were on your, no commitments, screw love, get money vibe?”

“Yes and no,” I nodded. “But, I had a resolution to stop dealing with fuckboys, so…”

“But this is me,” he argued, not defending himself against that fuckboy allegation, because he couldn’t. “Jules… we got history. Good ass history.”

I shrugged. “That’s where I’m trying to leave it. As history.”

“Are you serious?” he asked, not exactly whining, but not exactly not whining either. “Look at what you do to me.”

Even though I knew better, I followed his gaze down the smooth plane of his chest and abs to a faint dusting of hair that led to his groin. My view was abruptly interrupted by the band of his sweatpants, but there was no mistaking the too-familiar bulge of his erection.

I cleared my throat, then lifted my eyes back to his. “You think that’s going to make me change my mind?”

“Will it?” Josiah asked, lifting his thick eyebrows in a way that made a giggle burst from my lips before I shook my head.

“No. You can probably take a picture though, go ahead and fire off a thirst trap that will bring another member of your harem running,” I suggested.

He blew out a sigh, and then undraped himself from my doorway, walking backward to his own door, across the hall. “You know you’re wrong, right?”

I smirked. “How do you figure that?”

“Being that fine, pussy that good, living right across the hall, and you’re depriving me.”

“I’m quite certain you’ll survive.”

He shook his head as his hand fell onto his doorknob. “Will I though?”

“Yes,” I laughed. “You will. Did you really think this was gonna work for you? J, before the day we saw you guys in the hall, I hadn’t seen you in years. Like half a decade. I’m not the same girl.”

He nodded. “I can tell. You got finer with age, I know.”

“What I’m talking about though is that I grew up.”

“So you’re not into the casual thing anymore, or what?”

“It’s not even that,” I shook my head. “I just… I need more than a “you up” text, or… a random knock on my door during booty call hours,” I told him, even as it played in my head that if this were Troy, my ankles would probably be on my shoulders. “I need a connection, that you and I don’t have anymore. We’ve outgrown it, J.”

His eyebrows went up. “You’re for real right now? Like our chemistry wasn’t crazy? Like you’re not still attracted to me?”

“Attraction isn’t it,” I snapped, remaining firm in my point. We both knew sex was off the table for tonight – now, I was just letting him know where I stood. “Am I saying you have to be my man, forsake all others? No. It can be just about the sex, but it has to be about sex that’s…. more than just something to do. Because we like the feel of each other’s skin, because we like each other. Not because I’m a warm body that will do the trick.”

Josiah nodded like he really did get where I was coming from, which made me smile, because I wasn’t sure I “got it” myself. Two months ago, I would’ve been all over him, none of this high-and-mighty “more than just something to do” shit that was coming from… out of the blue, as far as I wanted to admit.

But I knew better.

I said goodbye to Josiah and took myself back to my room, where I shut my computer down instead of going back to those pictures. I had enough for what I wanted to do, and any further deliberation on it would just lead me into further annoyance about Mia, when I wasn’t trying to give her that kind of space in my head.

I needed it to figure out this thing with Troy.





“Boy, I know you don’t think I’m about to give you the answer, do you?”

Troy looked up at me with wide eyes, holding the camera with one hand so that he could use the other to grab mine. “Come on, Ms. Nichols. Please?” he asked, running his tongue over his lips, looking exactly like the kind of trouble that would get my ass fired if he were really my student.

I was powerless against those eyes.

“I’ll tell you this one more time, okay?” I told him, taking a seat beside him on the bench we’d pulled out specifically for this. Instead of pulling the camera from his hands, I leaned in, using my finger to indicate the settings on the screen. “We opened up those blinds in the front, so that changed our lighting conditions. The test shot you took just now, what was wrong with it?”

“It was too bright. Everything was so blown out that you can’t see anything.”

“Meaning…?”

He frowned. “It’s overexposed?”

“Right. And how do we fix overexposure?”

“That’s what I’m asking you.”

“But you already know. What are the three main things?”

“Uh… shit. Um… ISO? And shutter speed?”

I nodded. “And…?”

“F-stop?”

“Or, aperture. Right. So if your image is collecting too much light, we need to look at all of those. So… show me.”

He cringed over it, but I was confident that he actually knew what to do already. That confidence proved to be well placed, because I watched with pride as he lowered his ISO, and then took a test shot. Went for shorter shutter speed, then took a test shot. Raised his aperture a few steps, and then, just as he was supposed to, took another test shot, then turned the camera to me with a smirk, wanting to show me what he’d done.

“Perfect,” I told him. “You have now successfully corrected your exposure, and taken an excellent picture of our test subject,” I grinned, looking away from the camera to where Storm had settled into a corner in my studio, using a blanket I’d knocked off the shelf earlier as her personal throne.

She’d followed Troy in here hours ago, for what was supposed to be another photography lesson. Not that it wasn’t, but it had been more than that too – a fun, laid-back interaction that did exactly nothing to help clear the confusion from my mind.

Ever since Josiah knocked on my door two nights ago, I’d been unsettled. Well… more unsettled, when it came to Troy. I’d been so clear with myself about my intention to not get involved with anyone, to enjoy myself but not get attached. But then I messed around and told Josiah I needed something deeper than an emotionless fling, before I’d even consciously come to that awareness on my own. And now that the cat was out of the bag on that, I realized just how connected to Troy I already was.

I couldn’t help it.

Wasn’t sure I wanted to help it.

Not when I was finally settling into something I hadn’t experienced in a long time – or hell, maybe ever. I was happy, all around. Not happy in one area, miserable in another, kinda okay over here, just… happy.

And I had every intention of soaking it all up.

“Yeah, I guess my teacher has been aiight,” Troy shrugged, smirking as he stood to put his camera back into its bag. “I suppose you deserve a little credit.”

I laughed. “Uh huh. You can keep your credit, I don’t need it. How about you put these strong biceps to use like you promised, and hang these pictures up for me?”

He scrunched up his face. “I said I would do that? Today?”

“Yes, you did,” I reminded him. “Remember, we called it an even trade?”

Troy’s gaze left me, moving along the wall to the stack of the framed images propped against the floor, waiting to grace the walls of my studio. This was actually a task I’d done before, then took them all down to choose different, more cohesive shots for the mood I wanted in the studio. Instead of the black and white I’d previously chosen, these were all in vivid color.

“I don’t know… those look pretty big, and I kinda have something else I’m supposed to be doing in a little bit.”

My hands moved to my hips. “Are you—”

“Damn, you were about to get really mad weren’t you?” Troy interrupted, chuckling as he approached me. “Relax, mama,” he said, briefly cupping my chin before he moved on, walking over to the framed pictures. “I told you I would help, and that’s what I plan to do.”

“You’re gonna stop playing with me like that,” I scolded, even as I took a deep breath to try to calm my racing heart. Those “mamas” he liked to throw around, and the fact that he’d touched me like that – even though it was brief, and innocent – stirred something in me.

“You ain’t gone do shit,” he teased, making me laugh.

We spent the next hour hanging those frames, talking and laughing like we’d been doing all morning, until we came to the last one. Troy picked it up, studying it as he carried it to the last empty hook, right beside my office.

“This is an interesting shot…” he mused as he hung it and then stepped back, staring like he was trying to figure it out. “Who gets a tiny warning symbol tattooed over their heart?”

I moved to stand beside him, studying the shot. A nude female torso, composed so that the face was outside of the frame, and although you could see the curve of breasts, it cut off just before the darkening of the areolas on either side. The symbol, done in red and black ink, rested right over the heart. A rounded rectangle, with an exclamation set into the middle.

“I do.”

It wasn’t even the size of my pinky nail. Maybe half that. Something I’d done years ago, in a fit of… I don’t know. I couldn’t articulate it then, and still couldn’t now.

“You serious?” Troy asked, his gaze going immediately to my chest, even though my shirt wasn’t cut low enough for it to be visible right now. Rolling my eyes, I tugged my shirt down a bit, showing him the tattoo that most people didn’t give a second look, probably thinking it was a mole, freckle, or scar because of the size.

“How the hell did I not see this the night we…”

I shrugged. “Pretty sure once my dress was off, my nipples got all your attention.”

“Sounds about right,” he smirked, reaching out to run his fingers over the miniscule tattoo. “What does this mean though? Is it a warning for us, or a reminder for you?”

“A reminder for me,” I told him with a playful shove, feigning offense. “Why would I need to come with a warning? Jules is good for you.”

He raised an eyebrow. “I don’t know about all that. I’m really trying to understand your tat though.”

“What’s understood doesn’t need to be explained though.”

“I just said I didn’t understand though.”

“Then maybe… it’s not for you to know?”

Both eyebrows went up then, and he nodded. “Okay. I can accept that.”

“Nah, I’m kidding,” I laughed. “It’s just… one of those things I’m not really sure how to put into words. I got it when I was nineteen years old. Angry and confused. Reminding myself to be careful with my heart, after having it pretty badly stomped on. It’s a fragile thing, so… we have to act like it.”

Troy nodded. “Can’t say I disagree. So how do you go about it?”

“Go about what? Protecting my heart?” I let out a dry laugh as I shrugged. “Uh… by trying not to get it involved. Having fun, going with the flow, but being mindful.”

“Trying?”

“Hmm?”

“Yeah…” he pushed his hands into the pockets of his sweats. “You said trying not to get your heart involved.”

“Oh! Well… sometimes you can’t help it.”

I didn’t have time to be embarrassed over the implications of what I’d just let spill out, because my stomach chose that moment for a loud, growling complaint about my lack of a meal before I’d rushed to the studio this morning. So, I got to be embarrassed about that instead.

“Aiight, so on that note,” Troy said, openly laughing at me, “how about I go grab us some late lunch, come back, we eat, and then I can re-hang those backdrops up front for you. Cause right now, they look a little shaky.”

“Really?!” I gasped, rushing to the main studio where they were. They’d looked fine to me when Anika and I hung them, weeks ago, but now that he mentioned it… “Oh God…”

“Don’t even sweat it. I got you when I get back. You allergic to anything? Got any special requests?”

“Where are you going?”

“Pot Liquor,” he said, in a “duh” sort of tone. “Charlie only does those baked sticky wings once a week, and today is the day,” he added, rubbing his hands together.

“Well I definitely need to try some of those,” I told him. “And some of that mac and cheese. And salad.”

“Wings, salad, mac and cheese. Got it. I’ll be back.”

“Okay.”

Once he left, I let out a deep breath as I shook my head.

There’s no good reason for him to be that fine.

That wasn’t a complaint though – his good looks were a much less dangerous thing to focus on than the fact that he was funny, and interesting, and… kind. It was an underrated quality these days, when so many men were so emotionally underdeveloped that it was considered a normal thing – the mark of being a man. Sure, I didn’t know him well enough to brand him some paragon of maturity, but there was a depth there that left no question in my mind that in dealing with Troy, I was dealing with… a man. Not a cheap parody of one.

I had a smile on my face as I took a step back, admiring the changes in the studio. It was coming along beautifully, which only served to raise my level of excitement about the launch party I was planning for a few weeks from now.

It was Uncle Will’s idea, and I couldn’t help laughing thinking about it even now. “Uppity negros on social media and reality TV have a party for everything. If they can have a party to tell us if a baby has a dick or not, baby girl can have a party for her pictures. Anybody got a problem, tell them I said so. And tell all those new Blacks in Mahogany Heights they better show up, too.”

He’d said that to Aunt Darcy while we were all on a group call, and of course, she and Anika had run with it. Nothing had been made public yet, but I had very little doubts that “lack of attendance” would be an issue, not with Anika in charge.

I could already see it in my mind – great music, good food, generous alcohol, and my pictures lining the walls, on display for everyone to see. That mental image brought up a warm, tingly feeling that made me grin even harder, until I heard the distant chime of my cell phone ringing.

I jogged down to my office where I’d left it, trying to catch the caller before they hung up. I didn’t recognize the number, but that didn’t mean much since I hadn’t even been here long.

“Hello?” I asked, bringing the phone to my ear.

“Juliet. That sweet voice of yours is like music to my ears, sweetheart. How are you?”

Sick to my stomach.

I dropped into the chair by the desk, trying to manage the sudden weakness in my legs.

“Juliet? Are you there?”

I squeezed my eyes shut. “Yes. What do you want, Greg?”

“I want a little more respect for your old man, but what are you gonna do?”

I wanted to correct him. Wanted to remind him that he wasn’t my father, that the man who deserved that title had died when I was five years old. He hadn’t gotten the opportunity to raise me, no. And I only barely remembered him. But I remembered enough to understand that they were very different men. This one was just garbage the woman who birthed me married.

“I expected to see you at your mother’s service. You had no right to not be there.”

“I’m hanging up the phone,” I said, finally finding my tongue, but I didn’t follow through quickly enough for him to not respond.

“Now hold on there. Your mother left something here at the house for you, but if you don’t want to hear about it, then…”

My eyes narrowed. “She left something… for me?”

“Letters. After you pulled your little temper tantrum and moved outta here like you was grown, she wrote this stuff out. Whole box of them. I can just throw them—”

“No!” I pushed my hand into my hair, gripping a fistful of hair that I honestly considered ripping out at the root, anything to distract from the turbulence I was feeling. “I…please don’t.”

You aren’t supposed to care, Jules. You told yourself not to.

“I can give you an address to send them,” I offered. “But… please. I want to see them.”

“I haven’t laid eyes on you in how many years? You haven’t picked up a phone and called? But you expect me to go out of my way?” he asked, indignant. “You want them, you come get them.”

“No,” I hissed, as my heart slammed against the front of my chest. “I’m not doing that.”

“Why? You too good for this house?”

“You know why.”

He scoffed. “Oh God, don’t tell me you’re still on that nonsense from years ago. I know teenagers with all their raging hormones and all that… y’all can get a little confused, it’s easy. But surely you’re old enough now to recognize your mistake. That it was all a misunderstanding.”

I squeezed my eyes shut again, biting down on my lip to keep from screaming. I wasn’t confused then, and not now either.

I hadn’t misunderstood anything.

With my eyes still closed, I swallowed hard, trying to keep my intense nausea at bay. “If you could please just—”

“I already told you, I’m not doing anything. I married your mother, kept a roof over your head, clothes on your back for you to prance around for those little knucklehead boys and you can’t even show some gratitude? You want the letters, you come get them, and don’t bring that cousin of yours or any of your little friends to this house. You got two weeks. And then I’m throwing this shit out.”

And then he hung up.

As if I’d been the one to interrupt his great day with a phone call that left him feeling like swallowing that handful of pills ten years ago wouldn’t have been such a bad idea.

No.

No.

I’d worked long and hard to move past that feeling, and I wouldn’t – couldn’t – allow him to take me there again. I wanted to cry, wanted to scream, but I didn’t do either, because I heard the chime over the door telling me that Troy was back. All I wanted was to forget that phone call had even happened so I swallowed it.

It must’ve shown on my face though.

As soon as I stepped into the hall to find him with his earbuds in, bobbing his head and rapping along with whatever he was listening too, his whole expression changed.

“What’s wrong?” he asked, hands full of bags with the Pot Liquor logo. “Something happened?”

I shook my head. “Stupid phone call. I don’t want to talk about it. I want to eat. Those bags smell amazing.”

He stared at me for a few more seconds, and then gave me a subtle nod accepting my desire to change the subject. A simple gesture that meant more than he knew.

“We got lucky, actually. Last two orders of those wings I was telling you about.”

“Nice! We can eat out front at the prop table, instead of squeezing into the office,” I told him, following as he turned to go back down the hall. I showed him where to put the bags down, then to the bathroom to wash our hands, and then back out front to settle in to eat.

The smell of the food must’ve roused Storm from her nap, because we found her circling the table from the floor, nose in the air like she was trying to figure it out. I felt a little bad, but only for a moment, before I watched in awe as Troy removed a plastic to-go bowl from the bags with the rest of the food, then spread out a paper napkin on the floor before he put it down and opened it.

Storm dove into it immediately, and I stepped closer to see her chowing down on what appeared to be a chopped baked chicken breast and brown rice. Troy put a clean, empty bowl beside her, and then cracked open a bottle of water to pour her some. It took him a second to notice that I was watching his every move, and when he did, he looked up with a sheepish, sexy smile that made my chest tight.

“What?” he asked, as if he didn’t already know.

I shook my head. “Nothing really. It’s just… it’s really sweet that you ordered food for Storm too.”

He ran a hand over his beard, clearly a little embarrassed by the attention I was giving his kindness toward her. “I mean… I guess I just didn’t want to leave her out. You want to see what this chicken is hitting for though?”

“Sure,” I told him, letting him change the subject. “Like I said, it smells amazing.”

He nodded, biting his lip. “You think it smells good, wait until you taste it.”

He wasn’t wrong.

The chicken was amazing, and so were my salad and mac and cheese, and the dressing and cranberry sauce I stole from his plate so much that he finally just pushed it closer to me, and helped himself to my sides too.

Without complaining.

It was just… understood.

Once we were finished, we cleaned up and then went right into fixing the backdrops, despite Troy’s complaints about being too full to work. A swat to the ass got him moving, only I wasn’t expecting the retaliatory swat back, several minutes later – a move that set off a back and forth of silliness. At one point, he had me posing with the backdrops, wrapping myself in them like they were royal robes while he snapped away, and then was a good enough sport to pose for me too.

By the time we actually got the backdrops hung, the sun was starting to go down, but that was fine. I had no regrets about the way I’d spent my day, and from the disappointed look on Troy’s face when I announced it was probably time to call it a day, he wasn’t ready for it to be over either.

He confirmed what I thought by insisting on walking me home – a request I was not inclined to deny. Anika was working a late shift at the coffee house, and I wasn’t particularly interested in being alone, since I already knew where my thoughts would lead.

Back to that phone call.

So instead, we headed out, with Storm following. About halfway there though, she abandoned us for better company, and the closer we got to the bike shop, the deeper the feeling of dread in my chest built.

I did not want to go upstairs alone.

“Damn, I didn’t realize you were so close to the bakery.”

“Yeah,” I told him as we stopped in front of B.Spoked. “I haven’t figured out yet if it’s a good or bad thing.” I pulled open the main door and then looked back at Troy, waiting, as if his following me was a foregone conclusion. He went along with that part, but at the door to the apartment he hesitated, lingering in the entry after I’d unlocked it and stepped in and taken off my shoes.

“What is it?” I asked, dropping my bag onto the table beside the couch after I’d pulled it over my head. “Scared I’m gonna bite?”

“Nah.” He pushed his hands into his pockets, and shrugged. “Just… wondering what’s on the agenda.”

“Exactly one item.” I answered. “Do not leave Jules alone with her thoughts after creepy ass call from the creepy motherfucker who married my mother.”

That made him step inside, closing the door behind him as his eyes went all intense, nostrils flared in anger. “You’re saying he—”

“No,” I interrupted, raising my hands before his imagination took things too far. “He never touched me. It was…” I shook my head. “It sounds stupid to say out loud. It sounds like nothing.”

“But it wasn’t nothing. If your aunt let you come live with her, took over custody… it wasn’t nothing. It’s not stupid.”

He was looking at me so hard that I couldn’t help raising my eyes to his. “She said it was though. Said I was ruining things for her, that I was overreacting. Cause it was just… he just made me uncomfortable,” I spilled out, saying way more than I intended, but finding it hard to stop. “And that’s all it was at first. I just didn’t like how he looked at me, especially once I… once my body started developing. But I didn’t say anything, cause I thought I was just being crazy. But then he was always looking at me. Touching himself while he stared at my breasts, making comments about my body. How I was “growing up so well”. Especially once I made the cheerleading squad at school. I would never wear my uniform around him, because he made me feel so… disgusting.”

“You told your mother… and she told you that you were ruining things for her?” Troy asked, and it hurt like hell to nod my head yes to a question like that.

“I just started spending nights at Anika’s. I wouldn’t even ask. I would just go, whenever I could, and Anika always took up for me, because I told her what was going on. I didn’t tell Will and Darcy though, so sometimes they would send me back. But then one day I was at home, in the shower, and… I looked up and there he was, in the bathroom, just… watching me. I asked him to leave, and he wouldn’t. And he took out all the towels. So… I screamed my head off until the neighbors called the police.”

“And they didn’t do shit.”

I shook my head. “They didn’t. But that was my fault. He lied, said it was an accident. That I must’ve forgotten to put away the laundry, and that he didn’t even know I was in there. And my… “mother”… she stood hand in hand while he told that lie, and let it ride. That was when I realized there was no point. He was more important than I was. So… I told the police I was wrong, so they would just go.”

“You were a kid, Jules. What, 15? 16? That’s not on you.”

I shrugged. “It doesn’t matter anyway. Darcy and Will believed me. The only reason Uncle Will didn’t kill him was because Doreen begged him. He kicked his ass though.”

“I feel like that’s not enough,” Troy said, moving to stand in front of me, but not touching me. “And you said he called you today? For what?” he asked, in a tone that made me shake my head.

“Okay, I’m done talking about this, cause now you…”

“Wanna kill this motherfucker? Yeah, I kinda do,” he agreed. “I saw too much shit in foster care for this to not be a sore spot for me. You were a little girl. You shouldn’t have had to deal with that.”

“You’re right, but I’m fine now,” I insisted. “Are the memories ugly? Yes. Does it still hurt to think about? I wish it didn’t, but it does. But I’m fine.”

For several seconds, Troy said nothing, just stared at me. But then his eyebrow went up as he asked, “… Are you though?”

And that… took my breath away.

“Wow…” I whispered. “Uh… I could use a drink, how about you? Remember to leave your shoes at the door please.”

I moved past him to the kitchen, where Anika kept a few bottles stocked. I went straight for the French Vanilla Ciroc and turned around, only to have it pulled from my hand by Troy, who was suddenly right in front of me.

“Jules…” he started, backing me into the counter, and cupping my face in his hand. “I’m sorry this shit happened to you. And I’m glad that you had somebody willing to listen, and protect you. I realize it can’t be easy to talk about, and you… probably still feel some trauma from it all. But mama… listen… if you think I’m about to drink this shit… I’m sorry to disappoint you, but hell nah,” he finished, laughing, offering some desperately-needed levity to a moment of darkness I didn’t want to have, at all.

I sucked my teeth as I took the bottle back from him, and he moved, letting me away from the counter. “Boy please, you don’t know what you’re missing, but I’m about to show you. Get me a can of coke from the fridge.”

“Come on,” he complained, but still moved to get it, while I grabbed glasses and poured a generous serving of the vodka into each glass.

“Top us off,” I told him, leaving him to distribute the soda while I returned the liquor to the cabinet. “And then taste it, so I can see you eat your words.”

He shook his head. “I’on know about all that.”

“Just drink,” I urged, picking up one of the glasses for myself, and tossing the empty soda can into the recycling bin under the sink. “Give it a chance.”

“I have a fundamental issue with “cutesy” flavored liquors.”

“Nobody asked you all that, barber man. Just try it.”

He sighed. “Fine.” While I watched, he put the glass to his lips for a sip, then made an exaggerated face like it was nasty. “It’s aiight,” he admitted, reluctantly, then took a longer sip while I raised my glass for my own first drink. We stayed like that for a few minutes, silently sipping until I finally spoke up again.

“Come see my room.”

I said that and then just started walking, giving him no room to argue about it. Instead of turning on the main light, I flipped my string lights on, filling the room with the warm glow of the tiny bulbs.

“Wow. I… could not imagine a room that was more you,” he chuckled, then took the last sip from his glass. I took it from him as I finished mine, then left both glasses on the desk.

“What does that mean?” I asked, getting right in front of him. I glanced down to see that he’d heeded my request of leaving his shoes at the door, and something about having him in my room, in his socks, made me grin as I looked up. “You some kinda expert on me or something?”

He smirked. “No expert, no. But I know enough.”

“Do you know why I wanted you in here?”

“To keep you from being alone with your thoughts.”

I grabbed the flesh of my bottom lip between my teeth, gnawing at it for a second before I nodded. “Yes. But… more than that, too.”

“I know.”

His answer brought my gaze to his, forcing me to stare him in the eyes.

“What’s the “but”?” I asked, when I finally looked away.

“What do you mean?”

“The but,” I repeated. “You know what I want… but…?”

“I didn’t say I knew what you wanted Jules, I was saying that I knew there was more.”

“Okay so I want you to kiss me,” I snapped, rolling my eyes at him pretending that was something he didn’t already know. He had to know. “So now tell me why you won’t. Still in rehab? Freaked out by my story? Just don’t like me like that? What, Troy? What is it?”

He shook his head. “Don’t put words in my mouth.”

“We have been around each other, time after time, alone. I’m not imagining the attraction, or the chemistry, or the fact that you like me. But you… you always hold back. You always stop yourself, and I don’t understand why!”

Troy scoffed. “I thought we had an agreement where that was concerned. Did we not?”

“Yeah, well, I changed my mind. You made me change my mind. I like you. I want you. Right now. And there’s no point in any of this, if that feeling isn’t reciprocated so—”

Whatever other reckless thing was about to spill from my lips got snatched away by the suddenness of Troy’s touch. One hand loosely fisted in my hair, the other at my waist as he pulled me into him, and locked onto me with a gaze that sent a shiver up my spine.

“Do not put words in my mouth,” he repeated, and then his mouth was on mine. There wasn’t room for me to think about – there was barely room to breathe. So I focused on much more important things, like pushing up on my toes to get closer, gripping fistfuls of his tee shirt to keep me there, and kissing him back like my life depended on it.

Still though, it wasn’t… frantic. Or at least, not for him like it was for me, and he wouldn’t let me take over – he held the lead, forcing me to slow down and savor it. The warm possessiveness of his hands at my waist and in my hair, the smoky vanilla of the drinks, and just… his energy. Strong. Steady. Safe.

He pulled back from the kiss to look at me, holding a smile in his eyes as he did. The hand that had been in my hair came forward, enough for his thumb to brush my bottom lip before he leaned in again, for another kiss.

Soft. Sweet.

And then another one.

And another.

And then we were on my bed – him sitting at the edge of the bed with me on his lap, straddling his legs. We were pressed so closely that I could feel his hardness growing against me, reminding me of the time before.

Reminding me that we were not supposed to be doing this again.

In this position, my face was higher than his, so when I pulled back from the kiss, I had to look down to meet his eyes. Eyes that said he wanted me as badly as I wanted him.

“What’s wrong?” he asked, pulling my hands from his shoulders to bring them together, and then to his lips, where he kissed my fingers.

I closed my eyes, taking a second before I answered. “I’m being selfish. Your hoe rehab was important to you, and I’m… being a bad influence because I’m looking for a release. This feels right, but… it doesn’t feel right.”

Troy nodded. “Okay. So… I wanted to eliminate casual sex from my life. It wasn’t how I wanted to operate anymore.”

“Right.”

He covered my hands with his, holding them between us as he peered up at me. “Jules… are you telling me this feels “casual” to you?”

No…

But of course, I didn’t give him the straight up answer, like I would for probably any other question. I punked out, turning my head to look away until he grabbed my chin, turning me back.

“I don’t know what you’re trying to suggest here,” I started, only for him to interrupt by shaking his head.

“I’m not suggesting anything. I’m telling you that I like you too. That I want you too, right now. And I’m not sure why me reciprocating what you expressed not even ten minutes ago would be a problem. Have you changed your mind since then?”

“No.”

His eyebrows went up. “Then… what’s up?” he asked, laying back into my pillows, hands propped behind his head, which pissed me off. How dare he be so casually sexy, so laid back, so… intuitive enough to know that this wasn’t really about my concern for his “hoe rehab”. It was about me being faced with exactly what I’d told Josiah I wanted, and not knowing what it actually meant.

Since when has that ever stopped you?

I pushed forward, onto my hands and knees, crawling the few inches it took to put my face back in line with his. Troy met my gaze with a smirk, and was about to tease me, undoubtedly, but I took away his chance by pressing my lips against his.

And then we were on again.

Because I wanted this, and I wanted him, and everything else could matter a different time.

I let myself get lost in the perfection of Troy’s lips, in the tickle of his beard against my chin, and then my neck once he flipped us over, trailing kisses along my jawline. I squirmed underneath him as his tongue, then lips, touched exactly the right place on my neck to guarantee a flood between my legs. Pushing him back, I sat up halfway to snatch off my shirt, giving him free access to where I hoped his attention would go next.

I was delightfully correct.

I relaxed into my comforter, lip between my teeth, eyes half open, in near-bliss as he lavished attention over my breasts, teasing me with little bites and kisses through the soft lace of my bra. My position on the pillows left me slightly elevated, with a perfect vantage point of his clear reverence after he’d slipped his hands underneath me, unhooking my bra to slip it off.

The sensation made me want to close my eyes, but I couldn’t, too caught up in the visual of my nipples disappearing into his mouth just before the real pleasure came, when his teeth sank down. Troy was so beautiful that the shit was like must-see-TV, watching as his nimble fingers moved up to tweak the nipple that wasn’t in his mouth, pinching and pulling for a flawless mix of pleasure and pain.

Those lips of his were A-list stars, plump and perfect as they pressed to my skin, making a path from my breasts, down my stomach. My breath caught in my throat as he moved past my belly button, chest heaved in anticipation as he hooked his fingers in the sides of my cute little athleisure sweats and pulled them down, taking my panties with them.

His lips never left my skin as he maneuvered them all the way off and tossed them away, leaving me completely nude in front of him. My mouth stayed open, catching shallow breaths – the only kind I could manage when he was looking me right in the eyes as he moved off the bed, onto his knees on the floor. He wrapped his arms around my thighs, pulling me open, and closer to him as he leaned in, still staring, with a smirk that made my heart race.

When he put his mouth on me, I damn near arched off the bed.

But I wasn’t going anywhere, not with his arms locked tight around my thighs, keeping me in place, and his thumbs spreading me open so he didn’t miss a spot. Reflexively, my hand went into the thick coils of his hair, gripping harder than I probably should because I couldn’t decide between pulling him closer or pushing him away to get relief from the onslaught of pleasure.

My mouth was still open when I propped myself up on my elbows and let my head fall back. I gave him his flowers for this performance in the form of his name on my lips, over, and over as he devoured me like a thirsty man trying not to miss a single drop. And then the orgasm that had been building hit me like the crack of a whip, and I screamed his praises, because I couldn’t help it.

I finally closed my eyes, savoring the wrung-out, post-orgasm feeling until I felt Troy on top of me, holding my face in his hands. I opened my eyes, thinking he had something to say, but he kissed me again instead – a slow, deep kiss that felt like he needed to do it, and hell, me too, because he tasted good and he felt good, and there was no part of me that wanted to stop.

“Jules…,” he groaned against my lips as his hands moved down to my ass, cupping and squeezing as he pulled my body upward against him, even though we were already flush. “Please tell me you have protection.”

Goddamnit.

“I was hoping you might have that covered,” I told him. “None in your wallet?”

He closed his eyes, pushing out a sigh as he shook his head. “Nah. I stopped carrying them because in the beginning, it helped me… keep my dick to myself.”

I cursed under my breath. “I don’t want to not do this. I need this.”

“I don’t want to not do this either,” he declared, looking at me like I was crazy.

“Okay so… are we?”

“If you’re good, I’m good.”

“I’m good.”

There was silence between us for a few seconds, and then… a scramble to get him as naked as I was, and then a deep, shared moan of satisfaction as he sank into me. And then toe-curling bliss as he began to move, in slow, all-encompassing strokes that had me digging my nails into his back.

He brought his lips back to mine, kissing me damn near as deep as he was stroking me, getting me caught up all over again. As we went through different tempos, different rhythms, different angles, my legs moved from around his waist, to the bend of his arms, to hooked over his shoulders as drove into me, hitting every inch of me. I was right on the verge of another implosion when he lowered himself on top of me again, putting us chest to chest as he rocked his hips into mine, and I rocked my hips into his.

“Troy,” I whispered, with what little breath I could come up with. “You… gotta… pull… out,” I reminded him, and was met with a look so skeptical that I laughed.

“Shit,” he laughed too, shaking his head. “I feel like you’re asking for the impossible.” He met my eyes again, moving in for another kiss. “You feel… incredible,” he said, letting my legs down so he could press in even closer, wrapping his arms around me.

“Mmmm, so do you,” I murmured back, hooking my legs around his, in my own attempt to get closer.

That little move put just the friction I needed against my clit to make me combust, and the throbbing contractions of my orgasm brought Troy with me, with a deep stroke that knocked the breath from my lungs.

He collapsed on top of me, still inside me, the pleasant weight of his body feeling like a lullaby to my tired brain.

I gave into it.

Closed my eyes, and didn’t open them again until the sound of my phone ringing jolted me from my sleep. Troy was still on top of me, his soft snores punctuating the silence between the chimes of my phone.

I grabbed it from the bedside table, eyes bugging wide when I saw that it was Anika.

“Hello?” I answered, trying to gently nudge Troy awake.

“Jules! Hey boo! You hungry?” she asked, way too perky for… damn near two in the morning, according to my clock.

“No, I’m good,” I told her, shoving at Troy now to get him awake. “Why, what’s up?”

“I’m leaving work in like fifteen minutes, and I’m starving. I’m gonna grab some food before I come home, just wanted to see if you wanted something too.”

“No, but thank you. “ I rolled my eyes at the feeling of Troy’s hard dick pressing into my stomach. He may have still been asleep, but it was not. “I’ll see you in a little bit.”

“Okay cousin! Bye!”

As soon as I dropped the phone back to the table, Troy’s lips were on my neck again. Even though I was feeling anxious about Anika being on the way home, I couldn’t help giggling as he teased me with his tongue.

“Hey,” I managed, trying not to give in to the clear signs he was ready to go at it again. “You gotta go. I don’t want to answer questions from Anika yet.”

He groaned into my neck, then looked up, meeting my eyes, and nodding. “Okay. I can leave. But before I go, let me just—”

I let out a shout of laughter that quickly developed into a moan as he pushed into me again, feeling just as good as he had a few hours ago. He sat up on his knees, holding one of my legs open with one hand, pushing into me at an angle that felt like goddamn.

“Oh, shit,” I yelped, grabbing onto my breasts for something to hold as he pressed his thumb to my clit, circling it as he stroked me deep, and fast, and… perfectly.

He had me coming again in no time, and then it was his turn. This time, that pull out actually happened, and then I was rushing him to the bathroom on wobbly legs, helping him gather his things, and then showing him to the door.

I couldn’t even begin to describe the feeling that coursed through me when he pulled me right up against him before he left, pressing a kiss to my lips that damn near made me want to drag him back inside – Anika’s nosy ass be damned.

But I wasn’t ready for that, and I knew it. So while I may have been a little reckless earlier – as “clean” as I assumed Troy to be, I knew better than what we’d done… twice – I told myself that it was time to be a big girl again, and send him on.

There sure was a big ass smile on my face when I locked the door behind him though.





Eight.





Knowing when to pump my brakes had never been a problem for me.

Usually, it was just a matter of common sense, paying attention to the signs and shit that were right in front of you, using them to determine your next move – stop, slow your ass down, or full speed ahead.

Jules had my damn sense of direction messed up.

After putting me out at two in the morning because her cousin was coming home, we didn’t even see each other the rest of that day, after being pretty inseparable. Now, normally that was nothing to trip about, except I was picking up an awkward vibe that had never been part of our interactions.

I hit her up in the morning to ask about breakfast, didn’t get a response until hours later – my bad, my phone died, guess it’s too late for that, huh? Cool. What about lunch? – Oh, uhhhh… I already had lunch plans with Anika, and then I really need to buckle down and do some business stuff. I’m sure we’ll run into each other though.

I wasn’t imagining that shit – she was blowing me off.

Which was her right to do.

If she wasn’t feeling it, she wasn’t, but it was so different from what our usual vibe was that I had trouble letting that shit ride the way I usually would. I’d never chased a woman down, and my ego wasn’t ready to let me do it now either. But when it came to Jules… I didn’t want to do the typical thing because she wasn’t a typical girl.

So I swung by her studio after I left the shop.

“Yo,” I called as I stepped in, announcing my presence.

Her pretty face appeared a moment later, not smiling – but not frowning either – as she came from somewhere in the back.

“Troy… what are you doing here?” she asked, sounding more subdued than I was used to.

I swallowed my concern to shrug. “I… am really not sure. You went kinda cold on me yesterday, so I figured I’d at least make sure it wasn’t a misunderstanding before I… fell back.”

Her eyebrow went up. “Fell back? I’m a little quiet for one day and you’re ready to fall back? I didn’t realize you were so needy, barber man.”

“Damn,” I chuckled, swiping a hand over my face. “My bad for coming across like that, I’m trying not to misread anything. I’d rather talk to you about the shit and seem corny than act on an assumption.”

A little smile came to her lips. “I don’t think it’s corny, Troy. I’m just teasing you. And if it seems like I “went cold on you”, it’s because I did, because I don’t feel well,” she told me. And now that she mentioned it, she wasn’t glowing like she usually did, and her eyes were puffy like she was tired.

“Are you okay?” I asked, and she held up a hand as she nodded.

“Yeah, totally. It’s just the stupid Plan B pill. The hormones or whatever have me exhausted, and sick to my stomach. The feeling is supposed to pass though.”

She said all that, and I heard her, but my brain got hung up on that whole, Plan B thing.

I pushed my hands into my pockets. “Oh… so you took one of those?”

“I sure as hell did,” she scoffed. “Mr. You’re Asking For the Impossible.”

“I tried… kinda…” I admitted. I really had attempted to pull out, but she was so wet, and warm, and had her legs locked around mine like she didn’t really want me to, so—

“Whatever,” she laughed. “Either way, yes, I took one of those, there will be no baby in ten months, so you’re welcome. I did my part to ensure minimum blowback from our recklessness the other ni—what, why are you scowling right now?”

I didn’t even bother fixing my face as I shrugged. “Shit, I don’t know. But it’s like… you’re acting like my baby would’ve been the worst thing in the world. Like I wouldn’t make sure you were good, that everything was taken care of.”

Her face scrunched up. “No, I’m acting like I’ve been in this city less than six weeks, haven’t even gotten my business established yet, and therefore have no business chancing a pregnancy!”

“Whatever you say Jules,” I told her, shaking my head.

She sucked her teeth. “Yeah, I know. That was never in question. You can get the fuck out of here with this bullshit.”

“Jules—”

“No, for real,” she said, walking up to unsuccessfully shove me toward the door. “You get the fuck outta here, since you seem to think that me doing what I needed to do to keep my life on track after our mistake is a problem.”

“If you just relax—”

“Get. OUT!”

I was gonna leave anyway, but I could’ve sworn I saw her eyes go red as soon as the word “relax” crossed my lips. She followed me to the door, huffing and puffing the whole way, and then slamming and locking it behind me.

“This is me going cold on you!” she shouted from the other side of the glass, and then flipped me off with both fingers before she walked away, leaving me to figure out exactly what the hell had just happened.

How did I walk in there wanting to make sure things were okay between us, and end up making it a hundred times worse?

Instead of just standing in front of her studio looking stupid, I moved along, not really knowing where I was going until I turned the corner. As soon as I saw that Guilty Pleasures sign, I jogged across the street and opened the door, taking a chance that the person I needed to talk to hadn’t left yet.

“Hey Bria,” I greeted the worker behind the glass counter display full of chocolate. “Viv still here?”

She nodded. “But, she’s on her way out, so you may want to make it quick.”

“Thank you,” I told her, then heading to the back, to the office, where I found Viv digging through her bag like she was double-checking it.

She looked up when she heard me in the doorway, and smiled. “Troy, how are you? Bell just asked this morning if you were coming for dinner this week or not.”

“Yeah, tell baby girl I’ll be there for sure. But uh… I was hoping I could talk to you about something if you have a second.”

Her eyebrows lifted in concern. “Yes, of course. What is it?”

“Uh…” I reached up, scratching my head. “It’s… relationship stuff? Kinda, but not really.”

Viv nodded. “Ah, trouble in paradise with a certain photographer?”

“Yeah,” I said, letting out a dry chuckle. “I would certainly say so.”

“What did you do?”

I frowned. “Why you assume it’s my fault?”

“Why would I assume it is hers? You are the one who wants to talk, so you are probably the one who needs to fix it. So, out with it. What did you do?”

Dropping into the chair in front of her desk, I pushed out a sigh. She sat down too, hands folded under her chin, elbows propped on the desk, waiting.

“This stays between just me and you, right?” I asked, making Viv’s nose wrinkle.

“Of course. Why would you even need to ask?”

My shoulders went up. “I’m just… making sure. I’m about to tell you something personal about her, just to give context, so I want to make sure.”

“Protecting her privacy.”

“Right,” I nodded. “But… okay. So… she took a Plan B. Because we went there without protection.”

Viv gave me a blank look. “Okay… what is the problem?”

I scoffed. “I… nothing, I guess. I just… shit, she couldn’t have talked to me about it first? Ran it past me to see how I felt?”

“What? You expressed this to her?”

“I mean… more or less.”

“Oh God,” Viv groaned, briefly dropping her head to the desk before she looked up at me again. “You and your “big brother”. So many great things in common, and so many stupid things as well.”

“Huh?!”

Viv sat back, arms crossed, glaring at me. “Your friend Carter. As soon as he decided he wanted to be with me on a serious level, he was ready to get me pregnant. No regard for what I wanted, how it affected my goals, my life. He wanted a baby, so that he could… course correct his own childhood. Sound familiar?”

I wanted to deny it, but… I had to nod instead.

“Exactly,” she said, but then her expression softened. “Troy, listen… I get it. You want a family, and there is nothing wrong with that, but… if you like her, you have be mindful that her timeline may not be the same as yours. And besides that, you are very young. You have time. You do not have to rush this.”

I shook my head. “It’s not like that though. Like… we aren’t even official like that or anything. And doing it without protection wasn’t even… I want to say it wasn’t on purpose, but—”

“I understand,” Viv laughed.

“Thank you. But seriously… I wasn’t trying to get her pregnant. Hadn’t even considered any shit like that yet. But when she told me she’d taken that pill, and squashed any chance of it… it was like a blow to the chest. Logically, I know she did the responsible thing – hell, for both of us. We’re still in the very early stages, still getting to know each other, still figuring out the vibe. I… shit, I don’t even know why I reacted like that.”

Viv gave me a sympathetic smile. “Because it is a sore point for you. Just like Carter, you want to correct where you feel you were slighted. Break a generational curse – or, in your case, create a new path. You were human, and that is okay.”

I scoffed. “Tell Jules that. She flipped me off with both hands.”

“Oh damn,” Viv cringed, then laughed. “I think I love her.”

“Because she was mean to me?”

Viv laughed harder as she shook her head. “No, because she is not afraid to express herself. Just how bad was what you said to her?”

“Uh… I said she was acting like having my baby was a curse or something. Like I wouldn’t take care of her.”

“Bad thing to say to a woman with no desire to be taken care of. What else?”

“That was pretty much it. She got pretty pissed. I may have told her to relax.”

Viv dropped her face into her hands for a moment before she looked up again. “And you already know—”

“Telling a woman to “relax” is basically hitting a “please don’t relax” button? Yeah.”

“So you are not completely stupid then,” Viv teased. “There is hope for you.”

I shook my head. “Man, I don’t know. She was pretty hot about it.”

“Yes, I am sure she was. Give it time. If it is meant to be, it will be. Your paths will cross without you seeking her out.”

“So you’re… just leave her alone?”

Viv nodded. “That is exactly what I am saying. You say she flipped you off with both hands, you had better leave her alone,” Viv laughed. “Now, if that is all, I am tired, and ready to get home.” Her hand went to her belly as she stood, reminding me that she was nearly four months along now, even though she wasn’t really showing.

“Are you walking? You want me to walk with you?”

“Oh my goodness, no,” she said. “I have been on my feet all day – I called a car service… after Carter’s insistence.”

“Sounds like him,” I agreed. “But, cool. Thanks for the advice.”

She grinned as she came around the desk, and I stood. “Anytime “little brother”,” she told me, pulling me into a hug and planting a kiss on my cheek. “Let me know how it goes?”

“I will,” I promised, walking her out. I helped her into the car that was waiting for her outside, and then headed home, with my head swimming about the events of the day.

This was definitely not the note I’d expected to end on when I woke up this morning. Now… all I could do was hope Viv was right.





So, I really did plan to stay away.

I was going to do exactly like Viv said, giving Jules whatever time she needed to not be pissed, so that we could get back to… whatever it was we’d been doing. But then I checked my mail, and found something that damn near had me in a trance for the next two days. I was completely on auto-pilot, to the point that it was a wonder I didn’t fuck up a cut.

And I hadn’t even opened the shit yet.

Just the thought of it had me paralyzed, but I knew I couldn’t stay like that forever. If I wasn’t going to just open it, I knew I should at least talk to someone about it.

The problem with that was… Jules was the only person I’d told.

So that was how I found myself walking through the door of the bike shop and heading up those stairs, hoping to find her at her place. She hadn’t been at her studio, and I didn’t want to face the rejection of her ignoring a phone call or text. I knew it was a risk – I could be pissing her off even more by showing up at her apartment unannounced.

It was one I was willing to take.

Or… I thought so, until she opened the door, looking none-too-pleased to see my face.

“Troy. What the hell do you want?”

Before I could answer, there was a low whistle behind me, and I looked up to see Josiah and Noble heading out of the apartment across the hall. I knew Noble for reasons I wasn’t that proud of anymore – used to be his greenery supplier – but he was cool, so I lifted my chin in a greeting that he returned as he came my way, extending his hand to dap me up. Josiah, I knew because I’d seen him on stage at UG with Noble, but I didn’t know his ass like that, for him to have commentary on my interaction with Jules.

But he still had it.

“Must’ve fucked up bad, bruh,” he chuckled, and I gave him back nothing but a blank face, because I didn’t understand why he was talking at all. “Good luck with that,” he called as the two of them headed toward the stars.

“Kiss my ass J,” Jules snapped, seeming pretty unamused herself.

I could’ve really knocked the smirk off ol’ boy’s face when he stopped to respond, “Just come knock on the door anytime, and I got you.”

“Man bring your ass on before that girl stabs you,” Noble chuckled, ushering his homeboy down the stairs.

I blew out a breath through my nose, reminding myself that whatever the hell was going on – if anything was going on – between her and Josiah was none of my business, that it would be out of pocket for me to ask. But apparently, my silence was a problem too, because when I turned back to Jules, her arms were crossed.

“I don’t know what you’re at my door deep-breathing about, but I’m getting ready to close it.”

“Could you hold up?” I asked, not bothering to sound any less agitated than I was, especially with her attitude not making anything better. My tone made her scowl deepen, but she didn’t move, so I pulled the folded envelope from my back pocket, unfolded it, and held it up. “This came a few days ago.”

She rolled her eyes, then looked at the envelope in my hand. As soon as she saw the logo on the front, her whole expression changed.

“You haven’t opened it?” she asked, confused. “Why not?”

I scoffed, shaking my head. “I… I don’t know. I can’t.”

For a few seconds, she stared at me, and then took the envelope. “I can.”

She stepped out of the doorway, motioning for me to follow her inside, and I did, closing the door behind me. The smell of citrus was strong in the air, and the kitchen counter was littered with cleaning products, making it clear what Jules had been doing when I knocked.

I followed her to the living room where she plopped down on the couch to tear into the envelope, but I remained standing, needing an outlet for my nervous energy that sitting wouldn’t provide.

“They got this back to you really quick. Like, crazy fast,” Jules mused as she pulled several folded papers from the envelope.

I nodded. “Yeah. It was supposed to be eight to twelve weeks, but it’s only been maybe… three. What if it’s something like… I don’t know, like my shit is blocked or something stupid?”

“Well, I doubt your “shit is blocked”,” she drawled, her tone sarcastic as she unfolded the papers, spreading them out on her lap. “But I’m sure the answer is right here, if you want to hear it. Do you?”

“Please.”

She nodded, then looked down and began to read. “Dear Mr. Baldwin, thank you for trusting us to help with your pursuit of your family’s history, we received your application and sample swabs on blah blah blah, and we are currently working through the process of generating your full results. Our process works by blah, blah, blah, blah, don’t have blah yet, should receive in a few more weeks, blah, blah, blah, however. Because of the contents of your answer to the question of why you wanted to complete this process, one of our case managers expedited your samples through our familial match archives.

One of the most insidious injuries of the slave trade was the heartbreaking mutilation of families. Children torn away from the arms of their parents, marital bonds ripped apart, and siblings forced to endure the agony of never seeing their brothers and sisters again. Roots was not around then to help with that necessary healing. None of the benefits of today’s technology was on our ancestor’s sides. But it’s why we do what we do now.”

For some reason, Jules stopped there, raising a hand to her mouth.

“What? What?” I asked, feeling like my heart was about to beat out of my chest. “What is it? Why’d you stop?”

She shook her head, and my heart sank as she looked up at me with glossy eyes, hesitating for a moment before she lowered her gaze back to the paper.

“Mr. Baldwin, you’re receiving this correspondence in advance of your full results because we simply couldn’t hold it in, knowing that you’re searching for connections to bring more meaning into your life. We are very excited to inform you that…” she stopped again, sucking in a breath before she continued in a choked voice, “… to inform you that Roots currently has another patron on file who is your 99.99% genetic match. We have already requested permission from this patron to share his contact information, and he agreed. You’ll find that information included on the subsequent pages.” She stopped reading then, to shake her head. “And… there’s some other shit too, but Troy… oh my God!”

I… was frozen.

I heard her talking, was absorbing everything she said, but it was like… was this really happening?

“Are you… you’re serious?” I asked, narrowing my eyes. “Like… no bullshit, it really says that?”

“It really says that,” she confirmed, dimples popping on full blast as her lips spread into a huge smile. “That’s what it says.”

I shook my head. “Nah, man… Ain’t no way…”

“Yes way,” Jules said, pulling herself up from the couch to come and stand in front of me. “Yes way. A 99.99 percent match.”

“What does that even mean? How is that even possible?”

“A twin, Troy. An identical twin,” she explained, her eyes glossy with happy tears. Happy tears… for me.

I could wrap my head around that, but I couldn’t wrap my head around… “A brother? Like… a for real brother?”

“A brother who wants to meet you,” Jules gushed, reaching up to cup my face in her hands. “See? And you thought there wouldn’t be anything. You remember that?”

I nodded. “Yeah. Yeah, I do. I was wrong.”

“And doesn’t it feel good?”

“It… doesn’t feel like anything, honestly. It doesn’t feel real. Like… you sure you’re not still pissed, pulling a prank on me?”

“I’m not pissed anymore, I was just enjoying being a bitch to you,” she admitted, with an impish grin. “I was gonna find you tomorrow. And I bought condoms.”

My face pulled into a frown. “For real?”

“For real. If you have an apology ready, that is.”

“I’m sorry,” I immediately shot back. “You were right, I was wrong.”

“You were buggin’.”

“I was,” I agreed, tentatively raising my hands to put them around her waist. “You forgive me?”

“I do. You had a moment. And… I thought about why, after I spent a day cursing you out in my head. I understand. But you have to understand that you cannot pressure me like that.”

I gripped her tighter, pulling her into me. “I do.”

“Good,” she nodded. “Then we’re good. And besides… you don’t need that from me anymore anyway now… you’ve got a twin brother to meet.”

She made that statement with a huge smile, full of excitement that I couldn’t match, because I still hadn’t wrapped my head around it.

All because of a letter.

A piece of paper.

That was all it had taken to move me from alone in the world to having a brother. Somebody who shared my blood. Hell, somebody who shared my face.

I’d wanted this. This was the whole purpose of sending off the test, to see if I could finally get that connection I’d been craving all my life. But now that it was in my reach… I was paralyzed by the thought of what came next.

“Why don’t you seem that excited?” Jules asked, practically bursting with energy. “I thought you wanted this.”

I nodded. “I did. I do. I just… I need to sit down for a second.”

“Oh! Of course, come here,” she said, grabbing my hands to lead me to the couch. She took a seat beside me and then said nothing, simply staring like she was waiting for me to speak up.

But I didn’t.

Maybe couldn’t, because I had no idea what to say, or how to move forward when I was still wondering if I might need to pinch myself and wake up.

“Okay,” Jules started. “They said they included his contact info, so maybe knowing his name,” she said, reaching for the pages of the letter that she’d tossed onto the coffee table. I couldn’t even answer why, but for some reason I dove ahead of her, snatching the papers to shove behind me, out of her reach.

She groaned. “What the hell, Troy? Seriously? You’re not even gonna see what his name is at least?”

“I will,” I defended myself. “Eventually. Once I can… once it makes sense to me. I just need some… I don’t know, some time to contemplate.”

Jules inclined her head for a deep nod before she settled against me, placing her hand against my chest. “Well, quiet contemplation isn’t exactly my favorite thing, but if that’s what you need, I guess I’m into it.”

Oh, shit.

“Uh… Jules…”

She peeked up at me with a grin. “Yeah, I know. You need to do your contemplating alone.” She patted me there on the chest and then stood, waiting for me to do the same. When I did, I’d forgotten just that quickly about shoving those papers behind me.

There was a brief moment of panic when Jules reached for them, but she folded them again as soon as they were in her hands, and then put them back into the envelope, which she handed to me.

“Whatever you do… you keep me updated, okay?”

I nodded, then pushed the envelope into my pocket so I could grab her hands. “So… me and you… we’re cool?”

“I feel like you’re worried about the wrong thing right now.”

“I don’t,” I told her, swiping my thumb across the back of her hand. “That letter isn’t the only thing I’ve lost sleep about this week.”

Jules dropped her gaze, chewing nervously at her lip for a second before she returned her eyes to mine. “Well… rest well tonight, barber man. We’re cool.”

Great.

That was exactly the somewhat-tangible good news I needed to carry me out of Jules’ apartment and toward my own in good spirits. The contents of the letter still felt abstract to me, but I would examine that on my own – with a little help from google and the narratives of other people in similar situations.

I grabbed food, got my ass home, and settled in to do exactly that. I would figure this out, and then I’d reach out, and we’d meet. I would go to him, or he would come to me, whatever. We’d make it happen however.

An identical twin.

Shit, I thought, as I twisted the cap off a bottle of beer.

Another person walking around with a face exactly like mine…

“Lucky motherfucker.”





“You think Viv is being nice to her?”

Me and Carter exchanged a look over Roderick’s question. He was Carter’s brother, not mine, but even I’d been around him enough to understand that a query like that was packed with a lot, and not because of the chance that Viv wasn’t being nice. She had no reason not to be nice to the girl Rod had shown up to Sunday dinner with, surprising everybody.

For one, we all had in the back of our minds that he’d end up with Bria – the girl who worked the front counter at Guilty Pleasures. They’d been on and off for years, but apparently… he was trying to leave it off. I didn’t talk to Bria like that to know how she felt about it, but I was pretty sure she must’ve confided something in Viv, because she’d been ice cold to Rod all afternoon.

Not to the new girlfriend though. She’d been perfectly sweet to Charlotte, who’d done nothing wrong, and insisted on helping Viv clean up while me, Carter, and Rod hit up the court to shoot around. Rod hadn’t wanted to leave, but Viv practically shoved him out, and Carter had quickly stepped in to save his little brother from his wife’s wrath.

And now here we were.

“You know, you wouldn’t have to worry about that if you hadn’t brought her. What were you even thinking?” Carter asked, catching a rebound of his own shot.

Roderick shrugged, motioning for Carter to pass the ball to him. “I thought I wanted my brother to meet this woman that I really like.”

“But you forgot that Viv has known Bria longer than either one of us. That girl is like family to her, so you’re activating that mama bear instinct. Does Bria know you have a new girlfriend? Cause last I heard, you two were just taking a “break” until you were finished with grad school for this semester.”

“Naaaah, Rod,” I chimed in, shaking my head. “What are you doing?”

“I’m not doing anything. I’m not official with anybody.”

Carter kissed his teeth. “Not official, but you got one girl waiting for you to come home from college, and another sitting in my house with my wife and daughter. You sure are doing some official-sounding shit.”

“The kinda shit that gets your windows busted… besides the fact that you’re playing with their feelings. You’re what, twenty-three? Nobody expects you to be all settled in right now, so if that’s not what you’re trying to do, don’t. And make yourself clear. And don’t do settled shit with people you aren’t trying to settle with,” I added.

Rod frowned. “Yo Troy, last time we kicked it, you were bagging somebody new once a week!”

“What, two years ago? Cause I’ve been off that for a minute, bruh. Gotta grow up sometime.”

“Maybe now ain’t my time.”

“That’s exactly what we’re saying,” Carter told him, using his distracted state to get the ball from his hands. “Nothing wrong with being single, having fun, but you don’t need to drag women who obviously want something else from you along. You want Charlotte? Cool. You need to let Bria know you’re ready to move on. You want Bria? Cool. You need to stop leaving her hanging, and do right by her. Stop not being worth a damn.”

“What is this?” Rod asked. “Y’all on this new age emotional bullshit? Y’all feminists now too?” he laughed.

I sat back on the bench I was draped across, unfazed by what he’d intended as a jab. “It’s not even about all that – it’s about basic damn decency, not being a selfish asshole just because you can. You’re out here playing games, but you’d be sick as a damn dog if a dude with some common sense came along and showed Bria what it looked like when a real man wanted her.”

“Sick, and crying to mama,” Carter added, making Rod’s face twist in frustration.

“Man, fuck this,” he barked at us. “Ain’t nobody trying to hear this shit. I’ll see y’all at the house.” He didn’t even toss up a hand in parting as he stomped off to leave the park, with me and Carter laughing at his ass.

“He’ll be aiight,” Carter said. “Nobody did nothing except give him something to think about.”

“Oh I know,” I chuckled. “How much you wanna bet he’s about to go make sure Bria hasn’t gone cold on him.”

Carter grinned. “You see which direction he went didn’t you? It damn sure wasn’t towards my house.”

He tossed me the ball and we shot around a little bit more, stopping when Carter signaled that he was done – claimed his knees weren’t what they used to be anymore.

“Speaking of teaching the youth,” he started up out of nowhere, as we headed back to his house. “You took Viv’s advice? Made it right with Juliet?”

I groaned. “She told you about that, huh?”

“More like laughed herself into tears about it, but yeah. You two good now?”

“Yeah,” I nodded. “Viv told me to stay away, and I did at first, but then… I had to talk to her.”

Carter chuckled. “Damn, y’all close like that. Couldn’t miss a day, got your whole life off track?”

“Chill bruh. It wasn’t exactly like that. I got some news that I…. I guess I needed her help to process it.”

“News?” Carter asked, eyebrow raised, and I nodded.

“Uh… yeah. I did one of those ancestry test things, through this black-owned company, and they… found a match.”

He frowned. “Found a match? What does that mean?”

“It means that somebody else in my family had used that company for a test, so they had their DNA profile or whatever.”

“So like a blood relative?”

“Yeah. Specifically… a twin brother.”

Carter’s eyes bugged out wide as he stopped walking. “Yo – you fuckin’ serious man?”

“Yeah, I had the same reaction,” I laughed. “Shit didn’t even feel real. Still doesn’t feel real, even though they gave me his contact information and all that.”

“I bet it doesn’t,” he shook his head. “So I mean… where is he? What happened? Gimme the details bruh! I’m excited and shit like I found another brother.”

I sucked a bit of air in between my teeth as I cringed. “I… don’t know, actually. Haven’t quite yet worked up to looking at it. I’m going to though,” I assure him, and he nodded.

“Good. You should, cause that’s… this is what you’ve been looking for. At least since I’ve known you, you know? That was one of the first things your probation officer told me, when he came to vouch for you, asked me to hire you. That you’d be fine, that you just needed connection. That you needed a family.”

My head reared back. “He said that about me?”

“Yeah, he did,” Carter nodded. “Had high ass hopes for you, that he passed onto me, and you’ve surpassed, man. We’ve known each other what, seven years now? You were a damn kid, fresh outta jail, and I really feel like I watched you grow up. Glad to see good shit happening to you.”

“I appreciate you,” I told him, as we started walking again. “More than you know. I never really said anything about it because we weren’t tight like that, but that little outside vantage point of you and Viv getting together… watching how that changed you… it gave me a lot to think about. Gave me an example, you know? And then watching your family grow? Y’all having Bell, you making Viv your wife, seeing that y’all aren’t on that miserable shit people love to talk about… but you already know all this,” I laughed.

He bobbed his head. “Yeah, I do. And it’s funny man – you’re about the same age I was when me and Viv happened, but I was nowhere near as levelheaded as you. Not remotely. But I see you focused, I see you… trying to lock this thing with Juliet down?”

I shrugged. “I don’t know man. I like her, a lot. Like, on some “I don’t even know you that well, haven’t known you long, but this feels cosmic” type shit. The type of thing I used to roll my eyes about, but man… Jules just feels like… home. But I’m not sure she’s even on that.”

“Then you just mind your footsteps, that’s all,” Carter said. “Like… when it came to Viv, I knew. I didn’t want to know, and I tried to fight it, and ended up hurting her in the process, which took a long ass time to forgive myself for. But I knew. So if you’re feeling like that, just let it happen. No need to force it, or push, but nothing wrong with making yourself clear.”

My eyebrows wrinkled together. “Clear? Clear how?”

“I made the mistake of letting my feelings about Viv, and what she meant to me, be ambiguous,” he said, tossing the basketball between his hands. “Trust me – don’t do that. It may be putting yourself out there, but hey… nothing ventured, nothing gained.”

By the time we made it back to his house, I was ready to go home, so I could sort through my thoughts. Bell wasn’t having it though, especially since Rod hadn’t made it back, and she didn’t seem to really be feeling Charlotte.

As soon as he did though, I headed out while Bell’s attention was elsewhere. Only, instead of going straight home, I grabbed my phone to shoot Jules a text, hoping she wasn’t too busy to respond.

“Yo – you wanna see what one of those honeybuns is talking about?”

To my surprise, she hit me back almost immediately, with a response that made me grin.

“Great minds think alike. Meet me. I’m in that corner booth, at the back. I’ll save you a bite. – Jules.”





Nine.





“What if you’re like… the ugly twin?” I asked, making Troy stop walking to put a hand over his mouth as he laughed. I stopped too, turning to face him and pull him out of the way of what appeared to be a daycare group transporting a group of toddlers somewhere.

“We’re identical,” he reminded me, even though I hadn’t forgotten. “We look alike. There’s not an “ugly” one.”

I sucked my teeth. “You haven’t seen him yet, how would you know? And, for the record, just so you know, I’m gonna be pissed if he’s the fine one.”

“Damn, it’s like that?”

“Mmmhmm.”

“You still haven’t explained what could possibly make dude better-looking than me – which is damn near impossible, by the way – when we supposedly have the same damn face.”

I bit down on my lip, thinking about it. “Well… maybe he drinks more water or something? Uses better lotion. Works out more. Has a cooler haircut. Maybe he’s slightly taller than you, huh? Or hell, maybe he has “Property of Juliet Nichols” tattooed across his forehead. Let’s be honest here – my name increases the value of pretty much everything, so…”

“Bring your pretty ass on,” he said, still laughing as he grabbed my hand, lacing his fingers through mine. I tried not to outwardly show how excited it made me, played it off by wrinkling my nose at him. Inside though? I was nothing but butterflies, and it had been like that for days now. I’d already been crushing on him, obviously, but the aftermath of our first little “spat”, and getting his ancestry results, had brought us… closer somehow.

Close enough that I was referring to us having a “first” anything, when we hadn’t even had a conversation about making anything official yet.

I wasn’t even sure I wanted that.

But it sure did feel good to be openly holding hands as he led me down the street, back towards my studio, after lunch.

“I wonder if your brother is gonna think I’m cute too,” I mused, putting a finger up to my cheek as I pretended to think. “I bet he won’t try to play me off with some garbage about checking out my hairstyle. I bet he can admit I’m fine with no issues.”

“Listen,” Troy stopped walking again, turning to get right in front of me as he dropped his hands to my waist. I grinned as he backed me against the side of the closest building, wearing a little smirk. “Brother or not, I’ll beat his ass over you, don’t be starting no—”

“Jules? Jules! Jules, baby is that you?!”

Oh my God!

I quickly slipped out of Troy’s grasp at the sound of my Aunt Darcy’s voice, trying in vain to look a little less like we were “together”, but I was already caught. She’d come out of the door to Posh Petals – the flower shop Troy had chosen for his little PDA – and was now wearing a huge grin.

“That is you,” she gushed, sweeping the glossy strands of her fresh silk-press out of her face to get a better look at Troy, who’d shoved his hands into his pockets – to keep them off of me in front of my aunt. “And who is this?” she asked, still looking at him, even though she was talking to me.

Maybe.

“Troy Baldwin, ma’am. Jules is a… friend of mine,” he told her, extending a hand to shake.

From the look on Aunt Darcy’s face as she accepted his hand, he may as well have called me his wife, because she was undoubtedly plotting a wedding in her head.

Why me, God?

“Uh, Troy, meet my Aunt Darcy, Anika’s mother. Aunt Darcy, this is Troy… a friend.”

“He already introduced himself dear,” she told me with a smirk, still holding Troy’s hand. “With a nice firm hand too, I like that. And palms like these? What do you do, baby?”

Baby? She’s already calling him baby?

“I’m a barber,” he told her. “So… I guess I do technically work with my hands.”

Aunt Darcy’s eyes narrowed a bit, like he’d said something that sparked a new question, but we didn’t need more questions, not ever.

Not ever.

“Uh, Troy, didn’t you have somebody coming in to see you in just a few minutes?” I asked, hoping he’d take the hint that I was trying to separate him from Darcy. To my delight, he did, a smile playing on his lips as he nodded.

“Yes, actually. I should probably head on. It was nice to meet you, Aunt Darcy,” he said, giving her a little bow that made her grin big. And he knew what he was doing, calling her that, knowing the fantasies it was going to set off in her head. The wink he gave me just before he turned to leave confirmed it, and I shot daggers at his back with my eyes until I was grabbed by the shoulders and turned around.

“Young lady,” Aunt Darcy started, barely able to contain her smile. “He is gorgeous. You tell me everything, and you tell it to me right now,” she insisted, folding her arms.

“Auntie please,” I begged, but she shook her head.

“Uh-uh. No way, no how, no ma’am. You’re gone tell me where you found that man honey, pushing you up against the wall like that. I know what that is, and I know what it’s about lil’ girl, so you just get those lips ready to talk.”

“But there’s nothing to talk aboutttt,” I tried, pouting as she grabbed my hand to pull me the rest of the way to the studio. I unlocked the doors, and once we were inside, she looked out the window.

To the barbershop across the street.

“Oh girl,” she chuckled, putting a hand on her chest. “You have so much to tell me about.”

“I mean, do I really though, considering that there’s not even really anything going on between me and Troy? We aren’t a for real couple, we just… look really great together, and love being around each other, and have amazing sex, but that’s all, you know?”

Neither of us said anything for a few seconds, and I hope that meant she was convinced. It only took a quick glance at her face to know otherwise.

“Come here. Let’s talk about this,” she said, grabbing my hand again to lead me to the couch in the waiting area. “I want you to tell me why you wouldn’t want to be “official” with this young man. Do you think there’s someone else? Does he not treat you as well as you deserve? Is he—”

“None of that, Auntie,” I told her, shaking my head. “I took all your lessons about dating, and love, to heart. Troy is… great. Honestly, he is. I guess I just… I don’t want to… Hell, I don’t know,” I whined. “I’m so confused! When I moved here, it was because I was tired of Cali, I wanted to be back here, close to my family. It was time for me to start my business, and I knew I only wanted to start it in one place. That’s all it was supposed to be about – you guys, and Love Notes. Men were not ever a part of that equation, unless it was just about sex, and that’s all it was supposed to be with Troy. But it’s like… I’m just drawn to him, in a way that I can’t help, and he makes me feel a way that I’ve never felt. I like him. And it’s… exhilarating. And confusing. And I want to say terrifying, but that’s not true. I’m not scared at all, and that – the lack of fear – is alarming.”

Aunt Darcy sat back, grinning as she nodded. “Oh boy. You’re reminding me of when I met your uncle, with his big fine ass. Me and my lil’ friends were out at a football game, being fast in our lil’ shorts. Your mama was there too. Will played for the opposing team – our rivals, goddamn Wild Cats. And girl, they whipped our ass. And your Uncle… baby he didn’t care about getting booed for coming up into our stands, still wearing his uniform. He came and stood right in front of me, told me, “I been looking for a pretty chocolate thang like you. You gone be my wife, watch.”

“Oh my God. Why have I never heard this story?! Has Anika heard this story?!’

Darcy smirked as she shook her head. “Nah, I don’t ever tell it, cause your uncle is embarrassed by this next part.”

“Next part? What did you do?”

“Girl I socked him right in his eye. Told that man, I don’t fuck Wild Cats, especially not no light-skinned one with curly hair.”

I clutched the front of my shirt as my shout of laughter turned into a cackle. “No you didn’t, oh my God!”

“I sure as hell did, and didn’t feel bad about it. Who the hell you think you are, coming in my face in that black and orange uniform telling me what I’m gone do?! And you wanna know how that man responded?”

I stopped laughing long enough to nod. “Uh, I have to know.”

“He laughed. His big ass didn’t even flinch, even though his eye started turning purple right there. He told me, “Ain’t nobody scared of you, woman. You watch what I said.” And then he turned around and left. He didn’t argue, didn’t try to convince me, didn’t get all mad, even though he could’ve. He just turned and walked off, left me standing there with my hand hurting from his rock head.”

I snickered. “You wanted him then, didn’t you?”

“Oh girl I wanted him bad,” she laughed. “If you’d seen his butt in those lil’ tight football pants, you would’ve wanted him too.”

“Ewwww!”

She sucked her teeth. “There wasn’t a damn thing “ewww” about that, I’ll tell you that much. But coming back to the point, we were inseparable after that. The campuses were across the street from each other, so we were always at one or the other, me and Will, Doreen and Robert.”

My eyebrows went up. “Like my father, Robert?”

“The very same,” she told me, smiling. “Will and your daddy were good friends. Looked enough alike to be brothers, and acted like it too. Will was heartbroken when your Daddy died… promised him he’d take care of you. That’s why it was so easy for him to take you on as a daughter after my sister… lost her mind, I guess.”

Aunt Darcy stopped speaking, to shake her head.

“But that was all a long time ago. Right here and now, sounds like you have a decision to make. And I hope you don’t let stubbornness lead you to the wrong one.”

I shrugged. “I don’t know… is it being stubborn, or is it being cautious?”

“Why be either, when you could be happy? And I don’t mean temporary happiness. Not the kind where you know it’s not good for you, but you keep indulging anyway. I’m talking about deep happiness, where you’re blooming and blossoming and comfortable in your skin. And if there’s a certain someone who adds to that, instead of taking away, well, what the hell is wrong with that?”

“Nothing,” I agreed. “It sounds wonderful, and I know it’s possible, because that’s what I feel like I see with you and Uncle Will, but… it’s just hard to wrap my head around it, for me. You have to have a certain level of trust, and I just…” I stopped speaking to shrug, trying to swallow the sudden lump in my throat, and the emotional crack in my voice. “When the people you’re supposed to be able to trust implicitly let you down… it’s hard to let anybody else even close to that space. For years, it has been so easy for me to make superficial connections. Never get close enough for the other stuff. I had you, and Uncle Will, and Anika – my proven riders. I didn’t need anybody else.”

Darcy nodded. “And with Troy… it’s not as easy to keep him out?”

“Auntie, I can’t even bring myself to try. It’s like I’m standing at the wide-open door with a welcome sign. “Come right on in, pussy served on a platter, twenty-four hours a day!””

“Well Juliet, when he looks like that, I mean…”

“Nooo,” I half whined, half laughed. “I don’t want you to encourage me, I want you to tell me to pump my brakes, and slow down, all men are dogs, just buy a dildo and call it a day.”

“A dildo can’t compete with a warm dick and a strong back, first of all,” Darcy scolded. “As long as the man attached to it is worth a damn, that is. And this one seems to be. If he’s not setting off any of the red flags I taught you and Anika, and being with him is what you want to do, I don’t see not one reason not to, so I’m not going to encourage otherwise. If he makes you happy, honey you ride that wave off into the sunset until he doesn’t. And then your Uncle Will will take care of him for hurting our baby.”

I took a deep breath, and sat back. “Okay. You’ve given me something to think about.”

“Then mission accomplished,” she said as she stood. “And I can go ahead about my business.”

“Yeah – what are you doing in the city anyway?”

“I was talking to Simone about my landscaping idea, remember? Anika set up the meeting for me.”

“Oh I didn’t realize it was this week, yay!” I said, pulling her into a hug.

“Thank you baby. My next stop is the web designer you told me about, for a quote. I don’t want to keep her waiting.”

“Of course.” I submitted to being kissed on the cheeks like a baby, then waved my aunt out of the door. While I was standing there, my gaze was drawn across the street, wondering what Troy was doing now. But I quickly dismissed it.

After spending however long talking to my aunt about Troy, I felt like I was being Troy-crazy.

I needed a break.

But I wasn’t destined to get it, not knowing that Troy was right there across the street. I had work to do on my laptop anyway, so instead of hanging around my studio, I decided to just head home.

I was stepping through the door of the bike shop when something different caught my eye. Instead of continuing on to the stairs, I went ahead into the shop, stopping to admire the gorgeous yellow cruiser-style bike that now took up the main display space in the shop window.

“Beautiful, isn’t it?”

I looked up to see Brittany, the owner, headed my way with a huge smile on her face.

“If I thought I still remembered how to ride a bike, I might have to take this off your hands,” I told her, but she shook her head.

“Not this one, neighbor,” her hands – a mosaic of rich, dark skin contrasted by lines and patches with no pigment – went to the smooth, lacquered finish. “It was a gift.”

I raised an eyebrow. “Why do I get the impression this gift was from a good-looking man?”

Brittany laughed. “Well, it was, just probably not in the way you think. My friend Raf sent it to me, from Italy,” she explained, leading me over to a wall of pictures. She pointed at one near the center that made my eyes go wide.

“Uh, you’re friends with fine ass Rafael De Luca, the professional cyclist?” I asked, even though I was very clearly looking at a picture of him with his arm wrapped around Brittany’s neck, pulling her into him to kiss her forehead as he held up one of the crazy amounts of trophies and medals he’d won.

I wasn’t really into professional cycling, but Black America knew who Rafael was. He was ours – his mother had been a professional cyclist as well, one of very few Black American women in the sport in her time, and his father was an Italian cyclist with notoriety of his own, before they joined the military. Raf was tall and fine, and looked good in those bike shorts.

“We kinda grew up together on the Air Force base in Italy. Same school, neighbors, all that. That’s my boo. Platonically, of course.”

I sucked my teeth. “Girl that man is… a national treasure,” I laughed. “With friends that look like that…”

“He aiight,” Brittany admitted, but with her nose wrinkled like it was gross to think about. “Last time I saw him in person – the day of this picture actually – was about five years ago. He licked his finger and put it in my ear.”

I cringed. “Oh so he’s on that annoying brother shit.”

“Exactly,” she laughed. “I need to go check on this customer though, you good?”

“Yeah, I’m heading up to get some work done. I just stopped in because the bike caught my eye. Yellow is my favorite color.”

Brittany smiled. “Well, drop by to admire it anytime. And maybe we can get you on some wheels so you can remember how to ride,” she laughed.

“Girl, I’ll need every piece of padding you’ve got,” I giggled as I headed out of the shop, and up to my apartment.

Once there, I grabbed a yogurt from the fridge and took it with me to my desk. I finalized the order for the extra prints I wanted to display at the launch party, and then moved on to the rest of my to-do list.

My website was scheduled to go live the same day as the party, and it would happen automatically, so there was nothing left for me to do there. I continued down my list to checking my email, most of which were inquiries submitted through the website. I took my time going through and responding, until I landed on one that stopped me cold.

Hello, my name is Marshall Holmes, and I’m reaching out as kind of a long shot. You recently posted pictures from a photoshoot you did at a barbershop that was local to you. Those pictures went viral, and I had a lot of people reaching out to me saying “hey man, this guy in this picture looks just like you, could be your twin. I didn’t think too much of it, because everybody swears you look just like someone on the internet, but in light of a recent discovery about my family… well, frankly, I’m wondering if this man is my twin. I don’t want to put you in the uncomfortable position of asking for this man’s name or contact information, which you may not even have. But I’d be grateful if you could tell me the name of the shop, or what city it’s in. Please, let me know. I’m going to include my social media information at the bottom of this message, in case maybe seeing that I’m a real person (and that I really do look just like the man in your pictures) would help put you at ease enough to share what information you may have.

Thank you in advance.

“Holy shit,” I said out loud, as my eyes skimmed over the email again. My hands were shaking a bit as I clicked on the link to go to his Instagram page, looking for pictures. And sure enough… that was Troy’s face.

No doubt.

Troy wasn’t the “ugly” twin, like I’d teased him about. They were equally beautiful, with a subtle difference in style, judging just from the pictures I saw. More than once, I ran across something here or there that made my heart race, and built my excitement for the time when Troy finally decided to reach out.

Obviously, Marshall was looking for him.

That was still heavy on my mind when my phone chimed, and I picked it up to see that I’d gotten a text from Troy, asking me if I wanted to have dinner with him. Not just grabbing something, but like… a real dinner.

A date.

Of course I wanted to go on a date.

Any plans I had to do actual work were immediately canceled, in favor of getting ready. I showered and shaved and moisturized with my good stuff, and then took down the post-wash French braid I’d wrestled my hair into two days ago, coating my hands in coconut oil to fluff it all out. I took a little more care than usual with my makeup, then dressed in the short-sleeved, abstract print wrap dress I’d been dying for a reason to wear since I bought it two years ago. The short length showed off plenty of thigh, and the dip in the front wasn’t exactly modest, but the way the fabric floated away from my body, instead of clinging, kept it firmly in the camp of sexy, without being overt.

I put on heels for a change of pace, and with a final glance in the mirror decided I looked damn good. Anika must have agreed, because she did a double-take as she walked past the open door of my room and then stepped in, offering a playful wolf-whistle.

“When you said you were going on a daaaate with Troy, I didn’t realize you were gonna do the man like this,” she teased. “He might not let your ass outta here.”

My head tipped to the side as I raised an eyebrow, considering it. “Hmm… I’m actually not sure I’d mind that.”

“I’m sure you wouldn’t – oh shit though, I’m home. Can’t do it. Wouldn’t want to be forced to ask a bunch of questions, remember?” she asked dryly, a not-so-subtle reminder that last week’s “sneak Troy out so Anika doesn’t know he was here” thing hadn’t exactly put me on her good side.

Especially since I’d only told her so I’d have somebody to fuss to about him coming at me sideways over that friggin’ pill.

“Nik you know that wasn’t personal,” I assured her. “It’s not that I didn’t want to answer to you – I didn’t want to answer to anybody, self included, because I didn’t have any answers.”

“And now you have some?”

I shrugged. “Not really. Now I just… have no interest in fighting whatever this is. I’m in uncharted territory, no idea what the hell I’m doing. But… I have a good feeling about Troy’s navigation skills.”

“And if either of you crashes this thing on the rocks,” Anika said, arms out as she closed the little distance between us to pull me into a hug. “Your life jacket is right here.”

“That is so goddamn corny, and I love it,” I laughed, hugging her back. We were stepping apart when a knock sounded at the door, putting instant butterflies in my stomach, as if I hadn’t already shared a meal with Troy today.

Anika walked out with me, pretending she had a reason to be in the kitchen, but I knew she just wanted to see Troy’s reaction to me.

What I should have been prepared for, was reacting to him.

Troy just looked good, period, but Troy in slacks instead of jeans, and a lightweight oxford that he filled out with perfection, looking all extra-moisturized was a sight to behold. Hell, I was getting a little extra-moisturized myself just looking at him, and he hadn’t even said anything yet, because he was too busy drinking me in. And when he did say something, it was one word – “Damn!” – before his hands were at my waist, and he was backing me into the apartment with a clear agenda in mind.

“Ahem,” Anika interrupted, clearing her throat all extra-loud.

“You and your mama just love interrupting my flow, huh?” I asked, turning to look at her as Troy planted a kiss on my neck that sent a shiver down my spine.

She laughed. “Just reminding you that I was here. This is mean by the way, y’all being all lovey dovey and shit while I’m working on three months without being touched by man. So inconsiderate. Hi Troy.”

“Hi Anika,” he chuckled. “And, my bad. I’d ask if you wanted me to introduce you to somebody, but all my friends are trash.”

“Oh we know,” Anika and I said, nearly in unison.

Anika shook her head as she put the finishing touches on the crackers and cheese she’d fixed for herself, then picked up her plate. “I’m not looking for anyone anyway, but thanks. Y’all are cute or whatever though. I approve.”

“We appreciate that cousin, we were just burning for your approval,” I teased, and she wrinkled her nose at me.

“Lock the door behind you, and have fun,” she called over her shoulder as she headed to her room, leaving Troy and me alone in the entryway.

Once she was gone, he tightened his grasp on my waist, getting that lusty look in his eyes again. “You’re looking good enough to eat in this dress… you know that, right?”

“I wouldn’t have a single issue with it if you wanted to eat me in this dress, you know that, right?”

Troy groaned a little, moving his hands down to my ass to grip and squeeze. “Consider it a done deal… after dinner, since I got us Honeybee reservations.”

“Sounds like a plan then. Let’s go,” I told him, moving in front of him to open the door. He let out a low whistle in appreciation of the view from the back, then followed me out, waiting for me to lock the door.

Downstairs, I was surprised to find a car waiting for us, and eagerly climbed in with Troy beside me. As the car pulled away from the curb, merging into traffic, Troy reached over, dropping a possessive hand on my knee. I looked over to meet his gaze, only to find him already staring at me like I was lost treasure. Blushing, I glanced away, but covered his hand with mine, and squeezed.

This was already a really good night.





It had been a really long time since someone took me on a date like this. In fact, I couldn’t even remember the last time. Usually, if I had the misfortune of making enough of an impression on someone that they wanted to take me out, I considered it a sign that things were getting too deep, and I killed those dreams with a metaphorical sawed-off shotgun. I didn’t want a quiet, romantic dinner with anybody I wasn’t feeling quiet and romantic about.

I never felt that way about anybody.

Until Troy.

“You know what I have been meaning to ask you for like two weeks or something, and then I always forget,” I spoke, pulling his attention from the Cajun-seasoned chicken on his plate. His eyes came up to me as he chewed, fully alert and interested in what I had to say. “When you cut my hair that day, you rubbed that shaved area down with some kinda butter that smelled really good. But the smell isn’t the thing – I didn’t have to touch that area with another product for like two days, and even then, it was just because it was time to wash it. What brand was that?”

For some reason, that question brought the cockiest, most downright smug grin to his face as he put his fork down and sat back in his chair. “You liked that, huh?”

“Yes, that’s… what I’m saying,” I told him, confused. I picked up my wine glass for a sip as he nodded.

“Good, good. That’s good to hear.”

I frowned. “Okay… so, are you gonna tell me the brand or not?”

“Or not,” he answered, looking super pleased with himself. “Because it’s not… a brand. Not yet. It’s a little custom blend I made, just for my own shit at first. Now, it’s at every station in the shop.”

My eyes bugged out. “Are you… you’re serious? You made that? How? What’s in it?”

“Nobody gets my secret formula mama, not even your pretty ass,” he chuckled. “I can pass you a couple of jars though. There’s a cleanser, conditioner, and liquid moisturizer too.”

“No wonder you’re always looking so… lush,” I said, making him grin harder. “So you like, have formulations for everything? Mix it up in your kitchen, put a label on it? What’s your brand name?”

He held up his hands. “Whoa, pump your brakes. I haven’t made it there yet. I had to do ingredient labels, since we use it in the shop, for allergy reasons. I don’t have a name yet though. But I’m thinking about it.”

“Good, because I think it is incredibly cool. I never would’ve even imagined that. How did I not already know that?”

Troy’s eyebrows went up. “I’m sure there’s plenty I don’t know about you, just like there’s plenty you don’t know about me. Not like we’ve known each other for years.”

“Well sure, but I could’ve been testing products for you or something.”

He scoffed, letting the sound build into a laugh. “Ask a black woman to try some experimental shit on her hair? You must think I’m crazy!”

“No,” I giggled. “I try new products on my hair all the time, especially when I’m trying to find something that consistently just works. If you’re using it in the shop, that means most of your current base is men, which is fine, but I’m telling you – we will spend money when it comes to our hair, if a product is good. And that butter is good.”

“I appreciate that feedback, a lot. You volunteering to try some stuff out though?”

I shrugged. “Why not? I’m excited about the prospect, actually. You get yourself a name and a logo together and I can shoot some product shots for you, you can get Astrid to build out your website and sell online. You can probably get Bundles&Coils to carry your products in their natural section, and – wait, am I doing too much right now?” I asked, noticing that his jaw had dropped a little, and he was staring at me with this expression I couldn’t read.

“No,” he shook his head, as his lips curved into a smile. “Not at all.”

I cringed. “You sure? Cause you’re looking at me like you’re…”

“Pleasantly surprised that you’re this interested in something I’ve been dragging my feet about? Like your excitement makes me want to get my shit together? Like my mind is blown over how you, in two minutes, thought about this more broadly than I ever had? Like I’m feeling pretty damn inspired right now?”

“Oh,” I said, taking a hearty sip of my wine. “I was gonna say “like I’m overstepping and acting like a crazy person”, but your stuff works too. Let's go with yours.”

He laughed. “Seriously though, your interest means a lot. Usually when I talk about this with people, you can kinda see their eyes glaze over cause they’re not really trying to hear it.”

“People get like that with me and my photography too. You have no idea how happy it makes me when you indulge my rants about composition and field of view. And you at least pretend to pay attention during our little “lessons”.”

“It’s not a front though,” he shook his head. “I think you’re dope at what you do, and I want to learn more. I want to be able to take my own product shots, shit like that, you know?”

I nodded. “I do, and that is definitely something we can do. Something I’d love to do with you. You have a vision in mind?”

“Yes and no. I really like the vibe of the shots from the barbershop.”

Ah!

That reminded me…

“Speaking of the shots from the barbershop,” I started, feeling nervous as hell even though I was consciously changing the subject. I could have easily just not said anything about the email from his brother – maybe shouldn’t be saying anything at all, knowing just how personal that particular subject was.

Luckily, I was interrupted by the server coming by to check on us. That gave me enough distraction to switch gears, approaching the topic from a different direction.

“So… you decided what you were going to do about the letter yet? Are you going to reach out?”

“Yes, actually,” he nodded. “I decided earlier today, while I was at the shop. Realized there was no point in avoiding what I said I wanted, you know? And, it’s been a minute now, at this point, that he’s known about me. I don’t want to have him thinking I don’t want to meet, because I definitely do. I even finally looked at the page with his name. Marshall.”

I gasped, and immediately knew I’d overplayed it from the look on his face.

“Jules…”

“He emailed me,” I blurted out, words that made Troy sit way forward in his chair.

“What the hell do you mean, he emailed you. How the hell would he know about us?”

“He doesn’t,” I told him, lifting my hands to calm him. “He reached out because of the pictures from the barbershop. I put them on social media, remember? Apparently, people had been tagging him in the pictures, to show him, “hey, this guy looks like you.” I guess once Roots told him he had a brother, he put two and two together, and reached out.”

“And you responded?”

“No! No! I didn’t even see it until today, and I have not said anything back. I wouldn’t, not without talking to you about it. Well… maybe in like another month if you were still tripping I would’ve arranged for me to be there with my camera when he walked into the shop like “surprise muhfuckas!” but that’s not even relevant right now, you know?”

“Jules…”

“You’re not the ugly twin. You’re both extra fine.”

He scowled. “How in the world…”

“He sent his social media information, and I mean… I wasn’t strong enough to not look. I vetted him for you. He looks like a totally normal guy, has a girlfriend and job and everything.”

Troy’s expression softened. “You saw all that?”

“I did. You want me to tell you?” He hesitated for a second, then nodded, only to scowl again when I shook my head, laughing. “Boy, I am not telling you a damn thing. You will find out when you reach out, and then we can talk about it. Because there is plenty to talk about.”

“Yo, you are not right for this,” he chuckled.

“I think I am absolutely right. And I think you shouldn’t look him up before you guys talk. If you already know everything about each other from stalking on social media, what is there to learn in the conversation, you know? I want you to be able to have that experience.”

He nodded. “I’ll take that under advisement.”

“Thank you. And now… you ready to get out of here?”

“Yeah, we can head out.”

We got the server’s attention to pay the check and then headed out. Long, expectant looks permeated the car ride back to my apartment, and by the time we were heading up the stairs, I couldn’t wait anymore.

Troy was apparently on the same low-patience plan, because he responded eagerly to the kiss I pulled him into, pressing my back against the wall beside the door. His hands went to my ass again as he devoured my mouth, his fingers digging through the fabric of my dress, feeling so good that I was ready to hike my legs around his waist and have him pull my panties to the side right there.

“Daaaamn.”

My eyes rolled back, in annoyance instead of pleasure, at the sound of Josiah’s voice, coming up the stairs.

“I see y’all made nice, that’s what’s up,” he said, approaching us like a conversation was about to happen. “This the one you decided was more than just something to do?” he asked. “You about to give him the sugar you wouldn’t let me taste the other night?”

“Josiah!”

“Aiight,” Troy said, running his tongue over his lips before he turned around, getting between me and Josiah, and right in his face. “Do me and you have a problem, bruh?”

“If you back the fuck up off me, nah, we don’t,” Josiah shot back, and I moved around them just in time to see Troy smirk, shaking his head.

“Nah, see… the right answer is yeah. We do have a fucking problem, and the way we’re gonna solve it is that you shut the fuck up when you see me, you shut the fuck up when you see her, and you especially shut the fuck up when you see me and her together. It’s an easy solution, bruh… I suggest you employ it.”

“Man, who the fuck—”

“That’s the wrong question,” Troy interrupted, pushing his hands into his pockets. “The right question is what I’m gonna do if you don’t solve the problem. And the answer is that I’m gonna break your goddamn jaw. Now, let me walk you through that – your jaw is broken, so badly that they’re gonna have to wire your shit shut. You can call the police about that, it’s fine. But that won’t change the fact that your face is fucked up, maybe permanently. You can’t sing your little bullshit songs with your jaw wired shut, and who knows if you’ll ever be the same again anyway? So now your life is all messed up, for six months to a year, maybe even longer, all because you didn’t know to shut the fuck up. So what are we doing here, man?”

Inwardly, I hoped Josiah was going to do as Troy demanded, shut the fuck up, because there wasn’t a doubt in my mind that he really would get his jaw broken tonight. I cringed as a vein in the side of Josiah’s head flexed – in contrast, Troy was really calm – making it seem like ego might win over common sense. But then, Josiah shrugged, mumbling “Whatever” under his breath as he turned away. Quickly, I stepped in front of Troy, eyebrows raised, encouraging him to let that one little word slide.

“Come into the apartment please,” I said quietly, tugging at his arms. It was once I touched him that I realized how tense he was – not nearly as relaxed as he looked – but that didn’t stop me from urging him on.

Inside my apartment, I turned to him, nervously chewing on my lip.

“Okay… about what he said… I should probably explain.”

Troy held up a hand, shaking his head. “Let me guess? Salty ex?”

“Basically.”

“That explains enough. I’m knocking him in his head if he says shit else.”

I let out a dry laugh. “Josiah’s looks and singing ability are his only source of income. He won’t be saying anything else. And for the sake of clarity, he wasn’t actually an ex. We were never a couple, and it was years ago.”

“He needs to let the shit go then.”

“I agree,” I told him, raising an eyebrow. “But while we’re on the subject of exes who need to let shit go… you could have given me a little warning about Mia.”

Troy’s eyes went a little wider, and he groaned. “Shit. What did she do?”

“Only completely fuck up the vibe of my shoot with her bullshit.”

“She said something to you?! That was a minute ago, and you didn’t say anything?”

I scoffed. “Of course she didn’t say anything to me directly. Fair warning though? She pulls anything else, I’m hurting her feelings. And possibly her face.”

“Yo, do what you gotta, but listen…” he approached me, wrapping arms around me to pull me against his chest. “I’m tired of talking about them. I’m hungry.”

I pulled my head back, frowning. “I just watched you completely smash that chicken at dinner, not even thirty minutes ago. You can’t possibly be hungry already.”

“Oh but I can.” He dropped his hands, dipping low enough to get under my dress and grab my ass. “Remember the meal you promised before we left?”

“Oh!” I said, grinning as I stepped out of his grasp to untie my dress, letting it fall open to reveal my black lace lingerie underneath. “In that case… why don’t you come on back here to my bed—I mean… the table?”





Ten.





“You’re so cute when you’re nervous,” Jules said, wrapping her arms around me from behind, and then peeking past me, into the mirror.

I shook my head, still moving the brush over the tapered sides of my hair. “I’m not nervous. I’m—”

“You’ve been standing here brushing the same spot for like five minutes.”

My hand stopped moving. “Seriously?”

Her arms tightened around my waist as she nodded. “Seriously.”

“Shit,” I said, dropping the brush onto the counter. “I guess I’m nervous.”

She grinned. “Yeah. But it’s okay though. I’d be nervous too, if I were meeting my long-lost twin today.”

Of all the things to kiss, she chose my bicep and then moved on, leaving the bathroom to put her own clothes on while I stood there… being nervous.

From what I could tell from the two phone conversations we’d had, Marshall was cool. A lot like me, actually. Laid back, not really into the party shit anymore, after doing way too much of it in his twenties. He had a fiancé – a fine ass fiancé at that, and he’d been proud as hell to spill the beans about her brand-new pregnancy. Those two pieces of news would’ve made me jealous if I wasn’t so damn happy for him – that’s just how corny I was about this thing. Know a motherfucker for two days, and already hype about a potential niece or nephew. A sister in law.

It was crazy.

But what was craziest?

He lived less than an hour away.

Mahogany Heights was essentially a suburb of the city of Blackwood, which is where I’d taken Jules for dinner, at Honeybee. Marshall lived and worked on the other side of the city – had since he moved back, after college.

All this time, my brother was an hour away, forty minutes without traffic.

When I contacted him – the day after Jules told me he’d reached out – he was out of town, so our reunion had to wait. Today, he was getting off a plane, and instead of going home first he was coming here, since Mahogany Heights was closer to the airport anyway.

And… yeah. I was nervous.

I couldn’t verbalize a good reason for it if I tried, and it wasn’t as if knowing the why would make it go away. Instead of sweating it any further, I left the bathroom to find Jules sitting on my couch, strapping sandals onto her feet.

“So, I’ll see you later, okay?” she told me, standing once she was done. “Remember, I’m gonna pop by UG to check on you, make sure you’re doing okay. Not freaking him out or anything.”

I frowned. “Jules, you know damn well you’re “popping by” UG to be nosy, because you want to see him too. Don’t front.”

“Troy!” she said, fake-gasping like I was lying on her. “Are you implying that I don’t care how this goes for you?”

“Not at all. I’m implying that your ass is nosy.”

“That’s so disrespectful, but I know you’re having a moment, so I’m gonna just let that slide,” she told me, putting a hand on my chest. “I promise, I won’t interrupt if it looks like you’re fine. I’ll peek in, get my coffee, and go.”

“You don’t even drink coffee,” I laughed, swatting her on the butt as she moved away, heading for the door. “But you’re welcome to come say hello.”

She looked back, frowning. “Duh. Why wouldn’t you want your brother to know you were dealing with a woman this fine?”

“Your skirt is on backward, mama.”

She looked down, and laughed. “Thank you,” she said, reaching to turn it to the right direction. “And thank you for breakfast this morning as well.”

“Least I could do after last night,” I told her, with a wink that made her do a little memory-induced wiggle as she bit her lip. There was a whole lot of power in those toned thighs of hers, and I was grateful.

“Let me get out of here before I have to talk you into another ride. Bye,” she said, blowing me a kiss before she breezed through the door to start her morning.

I wasn’t supposed to meet Marshall until eleven, so I spent my first hours of the day at the barbershop. Did a few cuts, laughed at Monty and Russ cutting up, and then headed out at the exact right time to put me at UG at eleven on the dot.

I’d just grabbed a booth for us when he walked in, carrying a duffle bag that probably held his barbering equipment and clothes over his shoulder. It was easy to spot him – he looked just like me. But somehow, it was still a little vertigo-inducing that damn… this dude looked just like me.

Only, me from before I met Jules.

Marshall still had his locs – shoulder length, and just about the same size that mine had been. It was almost comical to see him walk in, and watch people who were familiar with me do a double-take. I stood up, grabbing his attention, and as soon as he spotted me, a wide smile – my smile – spread across his face.

We did just the standard handshake at first, but that shit felt weirdly insufficient, to me at least. I quickly figured out that the feeling was mutual, when Marshall shrugged and then pulled me into a hug that felt much more… adequate.

I hugged him for a long ass time, and he hugged me back, and I really didn’t give a damn what might’ve been going through the heads of anybody around us. The only thing I cared about was that I was finally in front of the person I’d been missing all my life, without even knowing he existed.

“So what’s good bruh?” he asked when we finally broke apart, and sat down. “Literally, my damn brother.”

I laughed as I sat back in my chair, completely free of the nerves that had plagued me that morning. “Man… I can’t call it. You talked to your girl, let her know you landed and all that?”

“First thing I did when I got off the plane. Don’t be surprised if she sneaks her little ass in here. She’s been on ten since I told her about this, and if she can get away from the salon long enough, she would definitely make the drive to lurk and be nosy.”

I shook my head. “Man… I’d laugh if I didn’t have somebody I’m expecting to pop up at any second to “check on me”.”

“The one you told me about? The photographer?”

“Yep. I wouldn’t say she’s on ten, but definitely a strong seven.”

Marshall chuckled. “Just means she gives a damn man. Nothing wrong with that.”

“Not at all. You talked to your parents?” I asked, and Marshall scrubbed a hand over his chin – he didn’t have a full beard like me, opting for a cleaner look instead. Still, I recognized the body language – the exact same nervous shit I did myself.

He did a slow nod. “Yeah, actually. I did.”

It was something he’d mentioned during one of our phone conversations. He’d been adopted as a baby, presumably from the same place that I’d been too. Now that we knew about each other, he wondered why we’d been separated. I had the same question, but those were his parents, so I hadn’t really said much about it, not wanting to influence him either way. But having heard his story, knowing that they gave him a great life, while mine had been drastically different… I wanted to know.

“So what did they say?” I prodded, even though I understood it couldn’t have been an easy conversation. And based on his expression, I doubted it was something I really wanted to hear. But I knew he would tell me anyway.

He shrugged. “It’s… fucked up, honestly. They were always open with me about the adoption, but they never said shit about me having a twin brother.”

“So they knew?”

“Yeah. They knew. My mother broke down in tears over the phone, dad pissed cause I made her cry.”

My eyebrows went up. “Shit, man. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to—”

“You’re good, man. It’ll blow over. But, the story is that they went, they saw us, knew they could only afford one kid, so they had to choose. They picked me because they felt bad for me. I was sick, nose running, wouldn’t stop crying. The other baby – you – was calm and collected. Happy. They figured you would easily get chosen by some other family, but me… not so much. They picked me because I was the more pitiful one.”

“Wow.”

Marshall grunted. “Yeah, I had just about the same reaction. I hope you don’t mind – I told them what you told me of your story… that you didn’t have the life they may have liked to think you had. That’s when my mother had to get off the phone, so I was talking to my father. He says that after about a year, you were still on their minds, so they went back. But that agency was gone – had gotten taken over by the state, and all the records were sealed, so they couldn’t find you. This was like thirty years ago, so it’s like… no such thing as a viral tweet to help you out, you know?”

“Yeah, I get it. Hell, even now, something like that probably wouldn’t be easy, so… I’m not mad or anything. I just wanted to know.”

“I understand,” he nodded. “For what it’s worth, my parents are very interested in meeting you. My mother actually sent me a text this morning, since she knew about this meeting. Wanted me to tell you she was sorry, and that she’d love a chance to hug her “long-lost son”. If you’re into that. The shit is weird, I know, so… don’t feel like you gotta do it.”

Shaking my head, I laughed. “Nah, man, I’m not gonna play her like that. Honestly… I’m in a place where I’m looking at all of this like a blessing, no complaints. I had some tough times growing up, yeah, not gonna lie, but…” I sighed. “It’s the past. I survived it. I’m here now, and not really trying to look back.”

“That’s what’s up,” Marshall said, reaching across the space between us to dap me up. “I like your attitude about it, and I know they’ll be glad to hear it. They’re big on family, and ready to pull you into it, whenever you’re ready for that. And trust me. Your ass needs to prepare for the Holmes family.”

I chuckled. “Damn, it’s like that?”

“No exaggeration.”

“What do we have here?”

Goddamnit.

I looked up to see Mia standing between our chairs, hands propped on her hips.

“Troy, you never told me you had a fine ass brother. How are you?” she asked, addressing Marshall with an outstretched hand, which he politely accepted – wrong damn move, because she took it as a license to sit down on the arm of his chair. “I’m Mia,” she purred. “You are?”

“Marshall Holmes,” he told her, extricating his hand from hers when she didn’t release it in a normal amount of time. His eyebrows furrowed together, and he looked at me, asking, “Is this the photographer?”

“Hell no,” Mia and I said, at the same time, in the same disgusted tone.

Speaking of Jules though, I glanced around, hoping she wasn’t going to walk in when Mia was around, stirring up trouble just for the hell of it.

“We’re trying to have a conversation here,” I told her, trying to be polite instead of outright telling her to get her ass on somewhere.

Instead of moving, she sucked her teeth. “Shit, so am I. Tell me about yourself Marshall” she added, her tone much different than the one she’d used with me. “Are you moving to the Heights, or just visiting? Either way… I could show you around.” She leaned toward him as she spoke, and he leaned back, making me proud. He recognized Mia for exactly the kind of trouble she’d become – a problem he wasn’t interested in having.

“Just visiting sweetheart, and I’m pretty sure my brother over there has the grand tour handled. And besides that, I feel like you should know I’m happily engaged.”

Mia laughed. “What, are you afraid your girl is gonna walk in and see me? All I’m doing is sitting here. No need for her to be jealous.”

“This is nice and cozy, isn’t it?”

Shit.

Shit.

Shit.

When I looked to see Jules, her expression was completely cool, but I knew her just enough to know her annoyed tone, even if it seemed normal to everybody else.

She was pissed.

“Oh, it’s you,” Mia drawled, rolling her eyes. “Can we help you? This is a private conversation.”

Jules’ eyebrow went up. “I couldn’t agree more, so maybe you should see your way out of it. Or do you just thrive on imposing your energy where it isn’t wanted?”

“What are you trying to say?” Mia asked, standing up.

Still, Jules was unmoved, except for the slightest one-shouldered shrug. “I’m saying they don’t want to talk to you. Couldn’t you tell by their body language, or hell – the looks on their faces? But then again, you aren’t very good at catching hints are you? I mean, you were in the salon talking about Troy’s sex that you haven’t had in a year – and getting it wrong, by the way – so maybe you’re just dense.”

“Wait a minute, what?” I asked, as Mia flushed bright red, obviously embarrassed. I glanced over at Marshall to see his hand cupped over his mouth, clearly trying not to laugh about this shit.

“Let me tell you something,” Mia started, stomping in Jules’ direction.

“Girl, don’t you bring your ass within swinging distance of me with any bullshit, I promise you I’ll wipe your eyebrows off. Try me.”

Mia huffed, but she stopped short of getting in Jules’ face. “I have better things to do, and better company than this I could be keeping.”

“Then go do it, duh,” Jules said as Mia stormed off, then turned to where Marshall was still sitting. “I am so sorry about that,” she told him, extending a hand. “I would say that I’m not usually like that, but that’s not exactly true. I’m Jules, and I’m sorry.”

“No, you’re good,” he said, accepting her hand, but still standing to pull her into a hug. “You must be the photographer, and that was thoroughly entertaining. Nice to meet you Jules, I’m Marshall.”

“Nice to meet you too. You are just as tall and fine as Troy, like in real life. Wow.”

Marshall laughed, peeking around her to tell me, “Yeah, y’all will fit in just fine with the Holmes family.”

Her eyebrows went up as she turned to face me. “Family?”

“I’ll tell you all about it later,” I told her, and she smiled.

“Definitely looking forward to that.” She looked back to Marshall. “Again, nice to meet you, and sorry you had to see me act a little ugly with that… woman. I’m gonna head out, and let you boys get back to your conversation.”

I stood quickly, grabbing her hand before she could walk off. “Actually, let me holla at you for a second before you go. Marshall – you good with that?”

“Handle your business, bruh. I’m gonna see what this menu is talking about.”

I gave him a nod, and then led Jules to the back, where I knew we could get some relative privacy. Noticing that one was open, I pulled her into one of the private bathrooms, closing and locking the door behind us.

“You’re mad that I went at Mia like that in front of your brother,” Jules blurted before I could even say anything, and started pacing back and forth. “I know. It was horrible, and he probably thinks I’m—”

“Jules, no,” I laughed. “I’m not pressed about that. I threatened to put your ex in the hospital, you threatened to wipe mine’s makeup off. I think we’re good.”

She groaned. “But in front of him, when it’s your first meeting, I just… I’m so sorry, I just saw her sitting there, so close to the two of you, and I saw red, like how dare she!”

“Aww, you were jealous?” I asked, making her scowl.

“It’s not funny. I’m really distraught about this.”

I grabbed her arms, making her face me. “Don’t be. That’s not even remotely why I pulled you back here. I just wanted to tell you… thank you for encouraging me to go through with this. If it wasn’t for you, this wouldn’t be happening right now – hell, maybe not ever. I want you to understand how much I appreciate this. How much I appreciate you.”

A little smile spread across her face. “Oh. Oh, well…” She shrugged. “I just wanted you to be happy.”

“Yeah… I know.”

I moved my hands up to her face, pulling her into a kiss. Her fists twisted in the sides of my tee shirt as she pressed closer, and I kissed her again… and again… and again. When I finally pulled back, she was looking at me with this look that made me kiss her again… and again, and then her hands were cupping me through my jeans. And then the next thing I knew, she was sitting on the counter with her panties off, skirt around her waist while I ripped into a condom wrapper from my wallet.

Since I knew better now.

She groaned as I sank into her, immediately wrapping her legs around my hips to pull me tight against her. “We gotta make it quick,” she breathed into my ear as I plunged deep, and stayed there. “Think you can make me cum, and not keep your brother waiting?”

“Is that a challenge?” I asked, smirking as I pressed my thumb against her clit, knowing it was a surefire way to get her there, quickly. When she nodded, I gave her a long, deep stroke that pulled a sharp yelp from her throat, and grinned. “Challenge accepted.”

Her head fell back as she clutched at my shoulders, biting her lip to keep from screaming as I slammed into her, over and over again. Ten minutes later, she was digging into my biceps hard enough to draw blood as her body tensed and quaked with an orgasm, and I went through the last few strokes to finish myself off too.

Jules was all smiles as we separated to clean ourselves up, but something about her eyes was… off.

“You good?” I asked her, and she nodded. “You sure?” I pressed, and she nodded again.

“Yeah. Just gotta go do some family stuff,” she said, which set off an alarm bell for me.

I turned her toward me, catching her as she was unlocking the door. “You need me to come with you?”

“What? No,” she insisted. “You have your own family stuff to handle. And Jules is a big girl, so… no. I’ll see you when I get back though, if you’re not out tearing the town up with your twin. Y’all are so damn fine, wow.”

I knew she was trying to use humor as a distraction, but I figured that if she needed something from me, she would say it – that was the kind of girl Jules was.

So instead of pushing it, I nodded, giving her a kiss before I opened the door to let us out. I didn’t have a great feeling about it, but I knew I couldn’t force her to do something she didn’t want to.

I just hoped I wasn’t going to end up wishing I’d tried.





Eleven.



I should’ve changed.

Sitting in front of that house, fingers nervously tapping the steering wheel of my Jeep, the adorable, flirty skirt and tee shirt combo I’d been wearing all day, the same outfit that had made me feel great when I put it on, suddenly felt… obscene.

I should’ve changed, into a turtleneck and sweatpants or something, but my logical mind told me it wouldn’t have mattered anyway. If he wanted to, a man could see you in a hazmat suit and make you feel like you’d left the house in a string bikini for the sole purpose of his pleasure, and that was exactly the kind of man I was about to deal with.

I couldn’t keep blaming myself for his bullshit.

And besides… I wasn’t a kid anymore. It made me sick to my stomach to think about it, but I halfway hoped the fact I was a grown woman now would disgust him enough to not look at me the same.

But does that mean he’s just moved to another victim now?

No.

My Uncle Will had been clear with him, and Will wasn’t the type to forget, or let it slide. He’d threatened to kill him, and I don’t think any of us doubted he would follow through with that.

I took another deep breath, and finally turned the car off, glancing at the time. I’d been sitting there for nearly twenty minutes, and unfortunately, reality hadn’t changed. If I wanted those letters, I was going to have to go inside.

Only… did I want them?

I’d struggled with it, for the exactly two weeks since that phone call. Well… at first. But then so much had been going on, between Love Notes, and Troy, and settling into the community of Mahogany Heights, that it had been fairly easy to just… push it away. Push it to the back of my mind, just like I had with everything else related to these people, for years.

But then, that alarm had rung.

I didn’t even remember setting it, but it popped up on my phone, reminding me that no matter how much I wanted to, I couldn’t just ignore this. It had turned my whole happy mood into complete disarray, so much so that even the front I’d put up to at least show my face at UG had almost gone way left because of Mia’s dumb ass.

It had taken so much restraint not to say more than I did.

Initially, I wasn’t even going to go. But I knew that after I’d told Troy I’d swing through, it would be suspicious not to, and I didn’t need him asking too many questions about this – not after how he’d reacted to the phone call. But then I saw him, and all I wanted to do was crawl in his lap and be held, which obviously wasn’t an option. The bathroom quickie had been a passable substitute, a memory to hold on to as I went forth to do something that felt about as appealing as drinking battery acid.

Troy knew something was up though.

And as grateful as I was for him to be so attuned to me, I was equally glad his brother was there to take priority. I’d banked on it.

And now, I had to stop putting this off, and face the fucked-up music.

I tucked my cell phone into the pocket of my skirt, but kept my keys grasped in my hand, positioned between my fingers to use as a weapon if necessary. After a moment’s hesitation, I pulled my phone back out, scheduling a text message that would automatically go out to Anika if I wasn’t out of here in thirty minutes, maximum, to cancel it. Then I climbed out of the car.

My hands shook all the way up the driveway, and up to the front door. I forced myself to ring the doorbell, forced myself to stand there and wait, forced myself not to spit in Greg’s face when he smiled at me once he opened the door.

“My, my. Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?” he said, leaning in the doorway.

I swallowed my disgust. “Hi. The letters?”

“Letters?” he asked, as if he didn’t know what I was talking about. I raised my eyebrows, wondering what kind of game he was playing, which for some reason, brought a smirk to his face. “Oh yeah… come in.”

Common sense was screaming at me not to walk through that door, but I’d made it too far to walk away empty-handed. Instead of making a big deal about it, I stepped in, but tightened my fist around my keys, ready to pretend I was Wolverine if I needed to.

He’d kept the house up, but that didn’t surprise me. Greg was no slob, not outwardly. All of his grossness was in his head, kept neatly tucked behind the façade of a clean-cut, upstanding sort of man. He was handsome, charismatic, he dressed nicely – none of the hallmarks of the “creep” archetype in books, movies, or TV. But this was how it went in real life – no monster in the bushes, just a grown ass man who thinks his wife’s teenage daughter owes him something.

“So how have you been?” he asked, stopping right there in the foyer to face me. The pictures that lined the wall there – me as a baby, and then older, up through the time I moved out, mixed in with images of him and my mother – made my skin crawl. I was so distracted that I barely heard his question, and didn’t realize he was approaching me with his arms out until he was already in my face, putting his arms around me.

I went stiff immediately, and drew my fist back, ready to pop him right in the face, but the hug was quick, and then he stepped back, with this strange, bothered look on his face. I took a step back as he propped his hands on his hips, shaking his head.

“Greg. The letters,” I reminded him again, not really caring what the hell was happening with him right now. All I wanted was what I came for.

He scoffed. “You really just think the world revolves around you, don’t you?”

“Just give me the letters, and I’ll be gone.”

“There you go with those demands again. You really don’t understa—”

“Where are the letters?!” I surprised even myself with that, but I wasn’t about to stand here and listen to…whatever the hell he was talking about. The longer I stood there, the more disgusted I was, to the point that I was back to not even being sure I cared about the letters.

They wouldn’t change what happened.

“You don’t get to come in my house, smelling like another man, making demands, little girl,” he growled at me, then shook his head. “Every motherfucker in the city can put his hands on you, but your little ass starts screaming for help over a peek?”

“You are repulsive,” I spat, laughing even though it wasn’t funny. It was ridiculous. “I smell like “another” man? There is no other man, you vile piece of shit, there’s one, and it most certainly is not you. You give me my goddamn letters, and then you never contact me again.”

He smiled.

He smiled.

And I knew for certain, right then, what a little part of me had already suspected before I pulled into the driveway.

“There aren’t any letters,” he told me, in a mocking, sing-song tone. “I told your ass you had two weeks, but you wanna be in control, want to make demands, want everything to work how you want it to, but guess what? Your time was up three hours ago.”

“What did you do with them?” I asked, hating the emotion that choked my voice.

He grinned even harder. “Barbecue.”

My eyes narrowed as I swallowed the urge to sob, forced myself not to dive at him and put the key to my Jeep right between his eyes. I couldn’t help the quickly building tears, but I’d be damned if he was going to see them. I said nothing, just turned and reached for the door.

That was when he grabbed me by the arm.

“Get the fuck off of me!”

I tried to shake him off, but he wouldn’t budge, snatching me toward him.

“You need to learn some manners. This is no way to treat your – Ahhhh, goddamn it!”

Greg backed away from me, holding his groin after I found just enough strength and leverage to jab my keys into him as hard as I could. I’d been aiming for his thigh, thinking it would distract him enough to back up, so I could hit him in the face, but this was even better. I didn’t waste time thinking about it – I got my ass out the door and into my car, locking the doors behind me before I started it.

He came rushing out of the house behind me with his eyes wild and pissed off as I jammed my keys in the ignition. I whipped my Jeep out of his driveway with little regard for anything except getting the hell out of there. I cringed when I heard the distinct crunch of metal on metal that no doubt meant I’d left my mark on the shiny black Lincoln – his car – that had been parked at the curb, but I didn’t care.

Once I was on the street, all I cared about was my foot on that gas pedal.

Until I made it back to the Heights, I was on auto-pilot. I was too stunned by what had happened for my mind to even roam free, at least not until I pulled into the parking garage. As soon as the car was off, it was like it hit me all at once, and I sat in the car and sobbed until I felt like a dishrag, damp and worn out.

I’d put myself through that trauma again for nothing.

He was never going to give me those letters in the first place.

I didn’t doubt they existed. Letter writing was my mother’s “thing”, had been since before I could even remember. There were days, before she changed, because of him, that I would just sit and watch her write letters to my father after he was gone, in neat, sloping handwriting that graced custom stationery.

I wanted to know what she said in those letters to me.

Obviously I knew it didn’t matter, that it wouldn’t change anything. That any possible apology or explanation would’ve needed to come from her mouth for it to mean anything, and even then… it would’ve been too late. The second she chose Greg over me, it was too late.

But that didn’t stop me from wondering if she regretted it.

I hoped she regretted it.

I hoped that it ate her up inside, that she could barely look herself in the mirror, that it snatched away her sleep. I hoped it hurt, hoped it haunted her, hoped she despised herself for essentially sacrificing me.

That was ugly, and I knew it.

But I didn’t care.

I forced myself to leave my car, and started walking, with no destination in mind. The sun was starting to go down, and the temperature was dropping, sending goosebumps over my bare arms. I should’ve gone home… but I walked right past my building instead.

I kept going until I found myself in front of Love Notes. I dug into my bag for my keys and went inside, stopping short as soon as the lights flickered on.

I’d forgotten about the gallery display.

Instead of just my usual framed prints on the walls, I’d set up extra floor displays – oversized prints displayed on metal easels. Shots I loved. Shots I was proud of. And one in particular that had always meant a lot to me, because it represented what should have been.

A beautiful Black family, seated in the grass.

Mother, father, and daughter.

I’d shot them back when I was in Cali – one of the shoots that made me fall in love with shooting real people, and capturing their hearts on screen. They were… everything. Happy. Funny. In love. And when that father looked at his teenaged daughter, his eyes were filled with pride, and adoration, and a desire to protect his little girl from all the ugliness in the world.

My life should’ve looked like that, but it didn’t. And suddenly, the sight of that picture brought up an all-consuming rage I hadn’t felt in years. I dropped everything in my hands, and without even thinking about it, I stormed up to that picture and snatched it off the easel, flinging it across the room with all the power I could find. Then the easel itself was in my hands, and I was wielding it like an ax, swinging it around me to destroy everything I could reach.

Every picture from the gallery, every framed print from the walls, the backdrops, whatever. I wanted it all gone, because this Love Notes shit was a complete lie. Maybe not to anyone else, but it was a lie I’d told myself – a fucking pipe dream.

It was time to wake up.

I got to the last picture in the hall – the one of me, of my tattoo, and… it was the one I couldn’t bring myself to tear down. It wasn’t until I caught a glimpse of my reflection in the high-gloss finish of the frame that I realized tears were streaming down my face, and I looked… insane.

Shaking my head, I tread carefully around the wreckage to get back to the front door, where I found my purse and keys. I turned the lights off and locked the door behind me, trying to dry my face with my hands as I headed home – where I should’ve gone in the first place.

I was walking through the door – and thanking my lucky stars that Anika wasn’t home – when my phone chimed with the familiar tone of a text message. Whoever it was, I made them wait, for the hour it took me to strip down, take the hottest shower I could stand for as long as I could stand, and then dress in the most comfortable hoodie and leggings I could find.

A smile came to my face when I saw that the message was from Troy, wondering what I was doing. Apparently, Marshall had just left, and he wanted to tell me all about their conversation.

Exactly the kind of distraction I needed.

I wasted no time going to my closet for an overnight bag, only stopping long enough to send him a text back.

“I’m on my way.”





I woke up with a jolt, slightly confused about where I was.

It only took a second to realize – Troy’s thick bicep draped over me was a clear giveaway – but even once I knew, I still needed a few more moments for my heart to stop racing.

Moving slowly, I extricated myself from his grasp and slipped from under the sheets, shivering as my feet landed on the cold floor. Instead of going into my overnight bag for clothes, I retrieved the tee shirt he’d tossed on his dresser last night, pulling it onto my nude body with a sigh. It still smelled like him, and that was a comfort I needed.

Peeking over at him, I waited until his soft snores had resumed before I pulled open one of his dresser drawers. Not to be nosy – well… that too, kinda – but because I was searching for a pair of his boxer briefs to use as shorts, to ease my feeling of nakedness, even with the tee shirt on.

I found them, and slid a pair on, then tiptoed out of the room. Funny enough, my sneaky exit reminded me of that very first night he brought me here, when I’d dipped while he was still sleeping off our little romp. I’d only been here a couple of times since then, and this was actually going to be my first time doing a bit of exploring.

Anything to keep my mind occupied.

I started with his laundry area, smelling the laundry detergent and the dryer sheets, marveling that a man could be so neat. I’d seen the bathroom before – knew what colognes he used, what body wash, knew he kept a bottle of his custom shampoo in the shower. The fridge was stocked with fresh foods, a pantry full of interesting seasonings and oils. I’d watched him move around the kitchen with confidence to prepare breakfast, and planned to find out what else he could cook.

There was a big TV, a couple of gaming systems, a stereo and more speakers than anyone needed. Typical stuff for a guy. What caught my attention though, that I hadn’t noticed before, was the bookshelf. And from the looks of many of them… these pages had gone miles.

It only took a moment to figure out that they were grouped by different topics, although there was an obvious overarching theme. There were books about love, relationship, books about marriage, books about parenting and adoption, about depression, and faith, and standing in your destiny, and investing money, and budgeting. It was clear to me that this… was where he came to learn, and grow, and develop the parts of himself he felt were lacking.

“Borrow whatever you’d like, as long as you bring it back.”

The sound of Troy’s voice nearly made me jump out of my skin, and he laughed as I turned to find him draped against the divider that led to his bedroom.

“Sorry,” I told him, shaking my head as he started moving toward the kitchen, looking good as hell in nothing except a pair of boxers just like the ones I’d “borrowed”. “Did I wake you?”

“Just now? Nah,” he answered, pulling open the refrigerator. “I’ve already brushed my teeth and stuff in the time you’ve been being nosy at my bookcase.”

I rolled my eyes, turning back to the shelf as he began taking stuff out, presumably preparing to fix breakfast. “I'm not nosy, I’m just… observing. I’m a little surprised, not gonna lie.”

“What, you didn’t think I knew how to read?”

I laughed. “It’s just an automatic assumption that people don’t. Which may be bad, but it’s statistically true. Most people don’t read for pleasure. And a man reading? Hell, you’re a flat-out anomaly.”

“I guess I’ll be that then,” he chuckled. “And take it as a compliment.”

“You should, because that’s how I meant it.” I stopped my perusal as my eyes landed back on a particular section, and asked what had been burning in my mind since I saw it. “Why so many books on love, and relationships?”

It took a moment for him to answer, but I didn’t dare turn around, lest I find him staring at me. I just waited, and after a bit where the only sound was him moving about the kitchen, he finally spoke.

“To put it simply… because I want to be in a relationship, where I love the other person that’s in it with me. My real world examples aren’t exactly plentiful, so… reading is fundamental.”

I nodded. “Makes sense.”

“What about you?”

Huh?!

I froze where I stood, not knowing what the hell to say. Troy must have realized it, because after a second, he added to his question.

“That’s not pressure, by the way. Just… honestly asking. Wondering if we’re on the same page about the possibilities for what’s happening between us, or… if we should cool it while we’re ahead.” He stopped talking, and laughed. “Shit… that sounds a lot like pressure, doesn’t it?”

I didn’t answer.

I wanted to, but I didn’t know what to say. So instead of doing what would ease his mind, and assure him that I wasn’t about to bolt out of the door, I just… didn’t say anything.

Nothing felt suitable.

My mind went back to last night, and how I’d felt in those moments of rage. Standing here in Troy’s apartment, after listening to his varying feelings about meeting Marshall and potentially gaining an entire family, and then having him make love to me, and waking up in his arms… it made those feelings in my studio seem so silly.

I couldn’t verbalize my feelings for Troy, no, but I certainly recognized that they ran deep, already. And that didn’t scare me, it… fortified me. Maybe love and implicit trust for people who didn’t deserve, hadn’t earned it, was a scam. The idea that “family” gave toxic people unlimited access to you, that it was selfish not to engage, that you had no right to protect yourself from their energy… that stuff was the lie.

Not this.

Not Anika, Darcy, and Will.

Definitely not them.

Definitely not Troy.

Relationships like that… those were the ones that gave me a reason to believe.

“The bet,” I said, finally, somewhat changing the subject. “Where you had to cut your locs… you never told me what that was about. Was it about me?”

“Somewhat.”

I smirked. “Somewhat? What does that mean?” I asked, picking up a book about love languages, just for the sake of having something in my hands.

“Well, I’d told my boys that the next woman I slept with was going to be my… future. Somebody I could fall in love with, build a family. Be with forever.”

“And then I seduced you with my dope ass haircut. Damn.”

Still in the kitchen, he chuckled. “Is that how you remember it?”

“Maybe.”

I put the book back on the shelf, and pulled my lip between my teeth.

“You want to know what I’ve been thinking lately though?” he asked, as I ran my fingers along the spine of another title.

“What’s that?”

“I don’t think I lost that bet at all.”

I closed my eyes.

Just enough for a good long blink, to ground myself in the reality of what had just left his mouth – a reality that I… wasn’t equipped to handle. Not right then.

I expected to find him staring at me when I turned around, waiting for a reply. Instead, he was busy plating food – making himself busy plating food, which was clear when he didn’t even look up when I approached.

I hooked an arm around his waist, inserting myself between him and the countertop, so that we were face to face. His eyes were intense – expecting, waiting – but I still said nothing. Instead, I held his face in my hands, pulling him into me for a kiss.

When I drew back, he was still intense.

Still expecting.

Still waiting.

“I’m about to distract you with sex now, if that’s okay?” I said, earning myself a little less intensity, and a smile.

“What if I say no?”

“What if I say yes?”

He lifted an eyebrow. “Yes to what?”

“Anything,” I blurted, being a lot more honest than I probably should as I tried in vain to blink back the tears welling in my eyes. “Whatever you’re asking me. You can have it.”

His arms moved around my waist, fingers sinking into my sides as he pulled me closer. I closed my eyes as his lips brushed my forehead, the tip of my nose, and then finally my lips as he tipped his head, but didn’t kiss me. “Don’t worry. And don’t cry,” he added, reaching up to brush a stray tear from my cheek. “I’m not asking for anything more than you’re already giving, mama. Just you. For as long as you feel like I deserve that. But I mean… I do plan to be a pretty deserving motherfucker, so that might be a long ass time.”

A laugh that was exactly what I needed burst from my lips before I pulled him into another kiss. I spent the first few moments of it still laughing against his mouth, but then he took over, exploring me with his tongue.

Briefly, I wondered about breakfast, but then I felt his hardness pressing into my stomach, and I didn’t care. All I cared about was pulling him from his boxers right there in the kitchen, dropping to my knees, and covering him with my mouth.

“Shit,” he groaned, his face pulled into a scowl that would’ve seemed angry in any other context, but I happened to know he was very pleased with what was happening to his dick right now. “You haven’t even tasted the omelet yet,” he said, making me almost choke from laughing at his commentary.

But then we got very, very serious about it.

His hand went into my hair, maintaining a loose grip as my head bobbed back and forth. I kept my eyes trained upward, gauging his reaction to a stronger suck here, a little more tongue there, faster, slower… everything. His head dropped back and I swallowed him deeper, making him let out a low growl as I took him further down my throat.

I gave his balls a little twist with one hand, and he reflexively surged forward, making me gag. But I didn’t mind – I welcomed the extra saliva, knowing it would create just the abundance of moisture I needed to make this perfect for him.

“Goddamn,” he grunted, smacking the counter with one hand before he grabbed the edge, while the other hand tightened in my curls.

Mission accomplished.

I had him lost, and I knew it, from the way he was moaning and groaning and cursing under his breath as his hips started a subtle rock forward to meet my mouth.

“Jules,” he growled, and I understood that this was my warning, but there was no way I was stopping now. I grabbed onto his thighs, abandoning the use of my hands as I did my best to make him completely disappear down my throat. He held my head in place as his hips surged forward one last time and he erupted, forcing me to breathe through my nose as his body tensed, and then relaxed as he released.

He collapsed onto the barstool behind him, breathing like he’d just finished a set of jumping jacks as I lifted myself from the floor. I grinned as I grabbed a paper towel from the roll on the counter to wipe my face. He was still… indisposed… eyes closed, elbows back on the counter, when I bent to throw the paper towel away, but by the time I was back upright, so was he, and I let out a loud yelp as he easily lifted me onto the counter.

“Where did that come from?” he asked, reaching underneath my – his – tee shirt to check me for panties. He frowned, then grinned when he realized I’d been wearing a pair of his boxers.

I shrugged, raising myself up so that he could pull them off me. “I don’t know. Just felt like a good time. And I mean… I’ve wanted to do that since the first night, but I figured it was a bad idea since I didn’t even know your name.”

“And what made you change your mind?”

I smirked. “Duh. I know your name now.”

Him plunging into me and burying himself to the root wiped the smile off my face, replacing it with an open mouth I used to whimper. He was so deep I felt like I might burst, but it felt so good I was willing to chance it.

Locking my legs around his waist, I lifted my arms so he could pull the shirt off. Once it was gone, his hands immediately went to my breasts – cupping, squeezing, teasing my nipples between his forefinger and thumbs.

And then he moved.

In deep, slow, deep strokes that felt like they were reaching straight into my soul as he brought his mouth to mine. “Troy,” I moaned against his lips. “Are you trying to have me hiding under your station at the shop?”

He chuckled, pressing his forehead against mine. “Oh word? It’s good to you like that?”

“Mmmhmm,” I whimpered.

“What about this then?” he asked, damn near making me black out as he slid his arm under one of my legs to prop it up, then hooked it over his shoulder. I clutched at his bicep, trying my damnedest to hold it together as he plunged into me, hitting buttons I couldn’t recall ever being pressed. But then he dipped his head, putting his face into my neck at just the right spot to sink his teeth in and suck.

I couldn’t do anything except… melt.

And scream.

Because it felt just that damn good, and I didn’t want it to stop. Not even when the coil of pleasure building deep in my core burst, making me flood, in wave, after wave, after wave, until I felt like there was no way I could give anymore.

His fingers on my clit made me realize I could.

Warmth soaked my body as my eyes rolled back, and he dipped into me over, and over, and faster, and deeper, until my thighs were shaking beyond my control. Somewhere deep down, something… shifted. A deep, unfamiliar sensation swept through me, making emotion swell in my chest as Troy stroked me, and this time when I came, it rocked me from my fingertips to my toes.

And the orgasm brought tears with it.

Not just like my eyes were watering, but deep, overwhelmed sobs of pure bliss that made my shoulders shake as Troy kept going, and going, and then finally pulled out with a guttural cry that rumbled in my chest.

I felt the hot burst of his eruption on my stomach and thighs, and found enough energy from somewhere to giggle through my tears.

“You pulled out this time,” I teased, barely keeping my eyes open to see the relieved grin he gave me in response.

“Not gonna lie… barely,” he chuckled, bringing his mouth to mine. “You feel a little too damn good to make this a habit. Gotta start keeping protection in every room.”

“Might not be a bad idea,” I laughed. “But hey… I have a question…”

“What’s up baby?”

I lifted my eyes to meet his gaze, making sure he was focused before I spoke.

“So… what about this breakfast?”





“Are you crazy?! What the hell do you mean, cancel the launch party?!”

Glancing over my shoulder to see if Troy was coming out yet, I pressed the button to lower the volume a notch on my phone, since Anika had decided to start screaming the moment I told her there was no longer going to be a launch party. I appreciated her – hell, I was still paying her – but this was something that really wasn’t her decision.

“I mean exactly what I said, cousin,” I told her, attempting a soothing tone to get her to calm down. “Do I need to say it again?”

Anika sucked her teeth. “No, I don’t need you to repeat yourself – I need you to give me a better damn answer! We’ve been planning this for weeks, and you decide a few days before that it just isn’t going to happen? I need to know why.”

“You don’t need anything Anika. I’m the client, remember?”

“Client my ass. You are my cousin – no, my damn sister. I want to know what’s really happening here.”

I pushed out a sharp breath, and glanced over my shoulder again. After breakfast, Troy and I had cleaned up in his kitchen and showered, and now were supposed to be heading out for the day. I’d called myself intercepting Anika from showing up at the studio with a “quick” phone call, but it was proving to be more difficult than expected.

I didn’t need difficult right now.

Inside Troy’s loft, I’d been able to do a great job of tuning pretty much everything else out. I didn’t know what was waiting for me once I stepped outside, or worse – stepped into my studio to see the damage I’d wrought with fresh eyes.

I wasn’t ready to face the resurfaced pain that had driven me to that level of rage, and I certainly wasn’t prepared to explain it to anyone else. They’d wonder what happened, why I hadn’t taken someone with me to the house, or even told anyone that I was going. With Anika, there was no doubt it would get reported back to Will and Darcy, and that would just turn into an even bigger thing, when all I honestly wanted to do was forget.

At least for a day or so, time enough to regain my bearings. Maybe even talk to a therapist, like the one I’d found when I was out in Cali.

If only Anika would let me fucking breathe.

“Anika, look – I know you mean well, but I don’t have time for this right now. I don’t want to talk about it, I don’t want to explain. I just want you to cancel the party. That’s all. Can you do that for me?”

She huffed. “Whenever you’re done being booed up with Troy, you let me know, so we can talk. Are you coming home tonight? Tomorrow night?”

“No,” I said, not even thinking about it before I answered. “We don’t need to talk about it. Just cancel the party.”

Without giving her a chance to respond, I pulled the phone from my ear and ended the call. Immediately, she called right back, and I ignored it, even though I felt bad. I loved Anika, didn’t want to hurt her feelings, but I couldn’t deal with it right now.

Or maybe ever.

“Yo, you good?” Troy asked, making me flinch at the sudden sound of his voice. I’d been facing the window at the back of his loft, and turned to find him approaching me with his pick in hand, running it through his beard.

I nodded, hoping there was nothing crazy on my face to give me away. “Yeah. Well – no, actually. Um… I hate to be this girl, especially since we just made this thing official, but…”

“Just spit it out, mama. I have an appointment in like twenty minutes.”

“Right. Um… I kinda just got into with Anika, and I was wondering if… I could maybe stay here for a couple of days? It’s fine if the answer is no. I can get a hotel room – I should get a hotel room. I can’t impose on you like—”

Troy quieted me with a quick, soft kiss on the lips, then followed it with one on my forehead. “Not an imposition. Just don’t get mad if I leave the toilet seat up. There’s a key in the drawer by the stove in the kitchen,” he said as he breezed off, in a hurry to get to his client. “Lock up when you leave!”

I blinked, and he was gone, leaving me with full range of his place like it was nothing. I shook my head about that though – it wasn’t nothing, and I knew it. He was trusting me with his space. He wasn’t prying about why I needed it.

And at that moment… it meant everything.





Twelve.





Damn.

By default, I wasn’t a messy person – had trained myself long ago into a basic standard of cleanliness that I abided by. But that was nothing -nothing – compared to walking in my place in the middle of the day to find it looking and smelling like it had been scrubbed top to bottom, and was ready to be featured in a magazine.

Jules is still on a rampage.

Not that I wasn’t grateful for her desire to be a good houseguest – and she was – but she hadn’t left the house since the day she asked if she could stay.

Three days ago.

Her presence was fine, but I was starting to wonder if the sun might be missing her a bit, since she hadn’t stepped into it in so long. Something was going on, but it was obvious she wasn’t ready to talk about it. Pressing people into divulging shit they weren’t ready to talk about was counterproductive in my experience, and she’d already gotten a little hype with me once, when I asked her about Anika.

I still had a lot of stuff to learn about Jules, but there was one area I was confident in – when she was ready to talk, she would. Until then, the only thing I cared about was getting her in a better mood.

She came into the bedroom while I was in the closet, putting away my shoes. I looked up to find her draped in the closet door, hair wild, in what seemed to be her favorite outfit – one of my tee shirts and a pair of my boxers.

She looked like she’d been crying.

“You’re early,” she said, before I could address the redness of her nose and eyes. “Everything okay?”

I nodded, then approached her, putting my hands on her waist to pull her closer. “Yeah. I’m good. But… you’re not. You wanna tell me what’s going on?”

She pressed her forehead against my chest, pushing out a sigh that I expected to be followed by a “no, I don’t.” But to my surprise, she looked up, her eyes glossy with fresh tears. “The launch party was supposed to be a few hours from now,” she told me, and I nodded my understanding. It was one of those things she hadn’t wanted to talk about, beyond telling me it was canceled.

“You’re feeling a little sad about it?”

She scoffed. “A lot sad about it. But… nothing to do about it now.”

“There’s actually plenty to do about it,” I said, cupping her chin to tip her face upward, even as she frowned.

“Like what?”

“Like… you getting dressed, and letting me take you somewhere that could turn your whole mood around?”

Her frown deepened. “I don’t know about all that Troy.”

“Who said you needed to?” I asked. “It’s already handled. That’s why I’m home early. Dress up like you did for Honeybee, and let me blow your mind.”

Jules shook her head. “I don’t even have anything like that here.”

“Then what in the world is in that box?” I pointed behind me, to the delivery box I’d deposited in the closet before I took my shoes off. “The delivery guy definitely said it was a dress…”

“Delivery guy?”

I nodded. “Yeah. He was trying to deliver to your studio, but you weren’t there, so I flagged him down and signed for it. Box seemed heavier than a dress though.”

“Because it’s shoes too,” Jules mused, moving past me to get to the box. She crouched in front of it, putting her hand over the delicate blue store logo. “I ordered this for the launch party. Had it delivered to the studio because I just knew I’d be there, getting things ready. Nobody would’ve been home at the apartment. I completely forgot about it.”

“But it worked out anyway. Now… no excuses. Get dressed.”

She looked up, with panic in her eyes. “I…. uh… my hair,” she said, overly excited to land on another reason to stall. “My shaved side, it’s getting scruffy again. I can’t be out with you looking like that.”

“Come right on to the kitchen then, mama. I have a set of clippers under the bathroom cabinet, I’ll take care of it for you.”

“You’re really not going to let me out of this, are you?”

I grinned, and shook my head. “Nah, I’m not. You haven’t left in three days. I love your company, trust me, but… there’s no way this is healthy for you. You don’t want to talk about it? I’m not gonna push. But I’ve read too many damn books to let you get too deep into this isolation thing you’ve got going on right now.”

Jules dropped her gaze, moving to a seated position on the closet floor, beside that box. “I… I know. And I appreciate you for not pushing, which is why I am going to get dressed, and let you take me out. I need it,” she said, her voice cracking with emotion. “I’m just… I fucked up really bad.”

I lowered myself down beside her, wrapping an arm around her. She readily accepted the invitation to get close, scooting toward me and dropping her head onto my shoulder.

“I went to his house,” she said quietly, unprompted. “I shouldn’t have, and I know, but I just… when it comes to that whole situation, it’s like… logic just completely leaves me. I thought I was past it, and that’s why I came back. My mother was gone, and my aunt and uncle, and Anika, they wanted me here. And I wanted to be here, with them. I just didn’t know it was going to all unravel like this, and now everything is… fucked.”

I tightened my arm around her, thinking for a moment before I carefully chose my words. I’d suspected that this had something to do with her stepfather, but I knew that situation was delicate. Hearing that she’d gone to him made molten anger swell in my chest, but I tamped that down, knowing that scolding her right now would be the total opposite of helpful.

“Is it “fucked” or is it exactly where it needs to be?” I asked, not really expecting an answer. “It’s like… sometimes we think swallowing shit, ignoring it, means that we’re handling it, when really we’re just setting ourselves up for a worse fall out. I know it hasn’t felt good, and that it hurts, but… maybe you needed to unravel? Cause when you think about it… it’s not like unraveling means nothing is left. You’ve still got the raw materials to correct your mistakes, make something better than what you had before… something more secure. Using better tools.”

She peeked up at me, smiling a little through her tears as she nodded. “I think you’re right. I hope you’re right, because I… picked up a new tool today. There’s this website, www.therapyforblackgirls.com. They have a directory of black therapists, and I found someone local, Quinn Maxwell. I’m gonna go see her next week.”

“That’s what’s up,” I nodded. “I actually know Quinn, I think you’ll like her a lot.”

Her eyebrows went up. “Know her… how?”

“Not like that,” I assured, chuckling. “Stick around long enough, you’ll know everybody too. Now come on, let me hook up your cut for you, so you can start getting ready.” I climbed to my feet, and offered a hand to help her up, which she accepted. As soon as she was steady, I pulled her into me, making her smile before I dipped my head, pressing my lips to hers. “I’m glad you decided to talk to somebody. That takes guts. I’m proud of you.”

She shrugged. “I got guts if I don’t have anything else.”

I laughed as I led her out of the closet, but I knew what she said was the truth. It was something I admired about her, a lot – a strength and fearlessness that camouflaged the vulnerable state of her heart, that probably made it easy for other people to discount her feelings. Everybody expected “strong” people to run purely on flawless logic, like not being a pushover meant you were supposed to be a robot.

But that wasn’t the Jules I knew.

And I planned to do whatever I could to bring the warm, bubbly side of her back out.





“You aren’t going to run me into a light pole or anything, are you?”

I laughed at Jules’ question, keeping my arm tight around her to help her out of the car in her blindfolded state. Only the pretense of going too far to walk had built her excitement enough to let me tie a scarf around her head, forgetting her earlier complaints about it ruining her makeup.

“Now why in the world would I do that?” I asked, leading her toward the door of our destination.

She shrugged, practically bursting with excitement. “I don’t know, I’m just saying. Where are we? Are we there yet?”

“Yes, nosy,” I teased, making her grin. “We’re here, but the way you’re wearing that dress has me wondering why I let you out of the house. Damn you look good.”

Jules propped a hand on her hip and pretended to flip her hair, since she couldn’t because of the blindfold. She knew she looked good, in a floaty white, off-shoulder dress printed with oversized, bright yellow lemons. The bottom hem hit her mid-thigh, showing off long, toned legs that led down to sexy, strappy high heels on her feet, and brightly painted toenails that matched her lemons.

“You ready to go inside?” I asked, and she nodded.

“You promised there would be food, so yeah. I’m starving,” she laughed. “I hope this restaurant has crab cakes. Or maybe a burger. Or a steak. Definitely a steak.”

“Get your hungry ass in here,” I chuckled, opening the door and pulling her through. Once she was inside, I stepped behind her to undo her blindfold and then moved away, giving her room for whatever her reaction was about to be.

She blinked, hard, not moving an inch from where she stood. “I…” she started, then shook her head before she looked at me, eyes filled with confusion. “Troy, what is this?”

“Your launch party. You worked hard for this, mama. Congratulations.”

Jules stared at me for another few seconds before she looked away, taking in the sight in front of her. The framed prints from the walls had been replaced, and so had the gallery displays. The blankets and props were back on their shelves, the backdrops returned to their tracks. Everything was back in the pristine state it had been the last time I saw the studio – before that day that Marshall came up. There were no traces of the destruction I’d found when Anika stopped me on the street two days ago, demanding I go with her so she could show me something.

I’d been baffled by it then, didn’t understand why Jules would destroy something she cared about so much. But now that I knew about the visit with her stepfather, I understood where she’d found that kind of rage, and why she didn’t want to talk about it.

“If you don’t want to do this… if you’re not feeling up to it, whatever. We can route everybody to UG instead.”

“We?” she asked, her voice cracking as her eyes went wide.

I nodded. “Yeah. Me, Anika, your aunt and uncle, a couple of guys from the shop, a couple of Anika’s homegirls. They all came through and helped out so we could pull this off for you.”

“While I’ve been avoiding home, and dodging phone calls. Like a selfish bitch.”

“Whoa,” I shook my head. “None of that, aiight?” I asked her, closing the distance to grab her hand, linking my fingers between hers. “Nobody did this just because your name is Jules – They did it because they know you’d do it for them. In the short time I’ve known you, I’ve seen so much compassion, so much nurturing from you. Hell, you think I would’ve made it through hoe rehab if you weren’t on board with me?”

Her eyebrows shot up. “You didn’t though…”

“Small technicality,” I shrugged. “My point is that you’ve got people who care about you enough to be on your side, even when you’re trying to push them away. And they’re wise enough not to take it personally.”

Jules looked around again, eyes wet with tears as they lifted, taking in the string lights I’d hung across the ceiling myself. “You think so?”

“I spent two days with these people, cleaning this place up, and we didn’t even know what it was about. Just that this was important to you, and that making you happy was important to us. So… what’s it gonna be? We partying or not?”

Finally, her face broke into the smile I’d been waiting to see, dimples and all, as she nodded. “Yeah. Let’s do it.”





I pulled my eyes away from Jules long enough to greet her uncle as he approached, giving the older man a little fist bump before I returned to my drink. He put his back against the empty space beside me on the wall, following my gaze to his niece.

“You know, I wondered why you were over here in the cut away from everybody, but now I see,” he chuckled, sipping from his own drink as I damn near sputtered on mine.

“Mr. Elliot, I’m—”

“Man, come on with that “Mr. Elliot” shit,” he said, shaking his head. “I’m not your probation officer anymore, you can call me Will. Especially since it seems you’re being brought into the family,” he added, nodding in Jules’ direction.

“I just wanted to be clear that there was no disrespect,” I explained, which made him laugh.

“Disrespect? Please. When you stop staring at your woman, that’s when things turn into a problem. Write that down, son. Juliet is a beautiful woman, and you are a lucky man.”

“I absolutely agree, sir.” He raised an eyebrow. “I mean… Will. You’ve gotta understand though… it feels weird calling you that, when you made me call you Mr. Elliot for the years I spent on probation.”

“Yeah well, you earned it young blood,” he told me, clapping me on the shoulder. “You’re a success story, you know that right? Completed your probation, haven’t re-offended, kept a good job, all of that. Didn’t make me regret asking Carter to take a chance on you…”

“And I hope you know I appreciate that.”

“Never a doubt in my mind,” he said. “You’ve got a good head on your shoulders, man. You hurt my niece, I’m gonna have to knock it off of there, but otherwise we’re good.”

I chuckled. “Message received.”

The day I’d walked into the studio to start the cleanup process, I’d been shocked to end up face to face with the man who’d helped keep my ass on the straight and narrow after prison. I’d heard Jules mention her uncle – even specifically Uncle Will – but for whatever reason, I’d never put two and two together.

Maybe since they didn’t have the same last name?

Whatever it was, Will had greeted me warmly, not nearly as surprised as I was. Anika was out of the loop too, not having been privy to her father’s roster of former criminals, but his wife, Darcy, had recognized me that day on the street, from my picture in the files Will would take to bed with him, doing paperwork at the end of the day. The same one who’d sent him to our weekly check-ins with a plate from their Sunday dinners.

I’d been off probation for a few years, but Will had been cool enough to keep in touch, reaching out a few times a year, which I appreciated. When he saw me that day at the studio, he’d wanted to catch up, and was excited for me when I explained about Marshall, wanted to hear all the details.

That had made something click for me.

Just like Jules, I had parents who, for whatever reason, had decided not to take care of me. And just like Jules, I had people who, even though they shouldn’t have had to fill such big roles – and in my case, weren’t even actually family – had stepped up, offering what was missing.

Was it the same as having “real” family? … It was too soon for me to tell. But what I did know was that I hadn’t been as alone in the world as I thought – it was just a matter of perception, honestly. Carter, Viv, Bell, Rod, Russ, Monty, Will, Darcy with those plates, and now Jules… even if I’d never found a blood relative, when it came to people that held me down, made sure I was good… I wasn’t lacking.

Not in the least.

From the way Jules spoke about her family, I knew she felt the same – knew Anika and her aunt and uncle meant the world to her. She credited them with saving her life. But I also knew her love for them didn’t take away the deep feeling of loss surrounding her relationship with her parents.

“Will,” I started, with my eyes on Jules as she stood between Anika and Darcy, her arms around their necks as they grinned for a picture. “If I tell you something… can you give me your word you won’t bring it up to Jules unless she brings it up to you?”

He didn’t answer immediately, and when I glanced over, he was staring at me with a frown on his face. “Son… that’s going to depend on what it is – if she might be in danger… somebody threatening her…”

“That’s why I feel like I should say something. I had a bad feeling and didn’t say anything before, and I don’t want to repeat that mistake.”

Will nodded. “Say what you’ve gotta say.”

I pushed out a sigh. “Jules went to see her stepfather. He’d called a few weeks ago, saying he had some letters that her mother wrote for her. She didn’t bring it up again, so I figured she’d decided not to play into it, but earlier this week… she went out there.”

“By herself?!” Will growled, and I nodded.

“Yeah. If I’d known, there’s no way I would’ve let that ride, but it was the day Marshall was up here, so I was honestly distracted. I don’t know exactly what happened, because she doesn’t want to talk about it. But she didn’t get any letters, and her Jeep is pretty smashed up at the back, like she hit something. Him, hopefully.”

“His precious goddamned car,” Will told me, filling in that blank. “Good for her. I drove past there the other day, saw it looked like somebody had taken a sledgehammer to the front fender. I’m gonna go have a little talk with him – remind him that the only reason I haven’t killed his ass is because of them,” – he pointed to Jules, Anika, and Darcy. “My girls. But since he wants to play games, I can introduce him to some friends.”

I nodded. “Yeah, I don’t think that would be a bad idea. Cause if you don’t…”

“Nope.” He clapped me on the shoulder again. “You stay your ass outta trouble. I can take care of this – you worry about taking care of my niece.”

“I think I can handle that.”

“I’m holding you to that now,” he told me, chuckling. “Can’t say you didn’t know what to expect…”

“He’s not over here harassing you too badly is he?” Jules asked, slipping an arm around my waist. She and the other ladies had snuck up while Will and I were distracted, so I was glad the conversation had shifted to something they didn’t need to overhear.

“Nah,” I shook my head. “You must not have been filled in yet – Will was my probation officer. Always willing to snatch me back on the right track.”

Jules' eyes went wide. “So what you’re saying is, I should be making sure you aren’t giving him any trouble,” she laughed.

“Troy is a good kid,” Will chuckled. “As a matter of fact, why don’t all of you come on out to the house for dinner Sunday? I can fire up the grill.”

“I’m definitely not turning down an invitation like that. Especially if your lovely wife is going to make one of those sweet potato pies you brought me that time…”

In front of me, Darcy grinned wide. “Oh baby of course. You ain’t said nothing but a word. I’ll even send one home with you.”

“You don’t ever send pies home with me!” Anika pouted, crossing her arms. Beside me, Jules reacted to that too, her mouth dropping open in surprise.

“Me either,” she added, then frowned. “Auntie, you already treating him better than us?”

I chuckled. “Hey, the game is the game.”

“You’re gonna share that pie with me, you know that right?” Jules asked, and I kissed my teeth.

“Nah, I don’t know shit about that. She said she’ll send one home with me.”

Jules rolled her eyes. “Whatever,” she said, and then her voice got lower, just for me to hear. “You want some pie, you’re gonna share some pie.”

“You ain’t gonna do shit,” I told her, wrapping my arms around her waist and leaning in to tell her, “How long you think you can hold out without this dick, huh?”

“Ahem,” Anika grunted, getting our attention to remind us we had an audience. For a second, I thought they’d overheard, but I had a feeling that Will and Darcy’s faces would look a lot less amused if they had.

“My bad,” I told them, putting a little space between me and Jules – space she immediately closed again, with her arms tight around me.

“No, you two are adorable,” Darcy grinned. “We’re going to step away and give you two some time.” She hooked her arms through Will and Anika’s and hauled them off, leaving Jules and I in relative privacy.

“I actually have to go give this little speech,” she told me, before I could speak. “Before I do that… I’ve already said this to the others, but… thank you, so much for this. The only reason I tried to cancel it was because I didn’t want to face what I’d done in here, and I didn’t know where to begin with trying to fix it. You have no idea how much I appreciate that you stepped in to help Anika pull this off.”

I shook my head. “Seeing how happy you are is thanks enough. Everything is good?”

“Everything is great. I’ve already booked three shoots, just tonight, with five or six more tentative ones. It’s been a really good night, and… I’m hoping that later you’re going to make it even better.”

I smirked at the implication of her words, dipping my head to brush my lips against hers. “I’m definitely planning on it.”





“What you doin’ girl with all that?!” I called after Anika as she rushed past me without noticing that I was there, since she had her nose buried in a clipboard. Still, when she heard me speak she stopped, propping a hand on her hip as she looked over her shoulder.

“Oooh, nothing!” she shot back, and a big grin spread across my face. This was one of the things I loved about Anika, that she was always good for catching a throwback song reference, and playing right along.

Even when I suspected she might be a little mad at me.

“What are you doing here?” she asked, tucking the clipboard against her side as she backtracked to where I was, joining me at the table at UG. It was quiet in here for a Saturday, but that didn’t mean she wasn’t busy.

“Well, I am drinking a cup of chai, and… hoping that my cousin doesn’t hate me for being a bitch?”

Anika frowned, shaking her head. “Girl, what are you talking about?”

“Earlier this week, when I called you about canceling the launch… I wasn’t exactly a pocket full of sunshine. And I hung up on you.”

“Oh girl please,” she said, waving me off. “I deserved that. I was pushing, when you clearly weren’t trying to be bothered. And once I saw the studio, I realized why. You were going through it, and trust – Nik understands, even if nobody else does. Why you think I ain’t got no hair right now?” she laughed.

My shoulders sank in relief at hearing her say that – the last thing I needed was my best friend in the world thinking I didn’t appreciate her. “Thank you for understanding, boo.”

“You are very welcome,” she smiled. “Now… if you want to tell me why you busted up the studio, I am dying to hear it, but… if you’re not into it right now, I’m chilling.”

I pushed out a sigh, sinking back into the soft padding of the high-backed chair I’d chosen. “Well, actually… I got an email from my therapist this morning… some things she wants me to consider before our session. One of them is… being honest.”

Anika frowned. “Uh… bitch you have never had an honesty problem.”

“Well… not exactly. It’s not just about lying, it’s about omitting truths, or something she said. In any case… I’m just going to tell you flat out – I went to see Greg, because he claimed to have letters from my mother. It didn’t go well… to the point that I stabbed him in the dick with my keys, and damn near wrecked my Jeep getting the hell out of there – with no letters. I went to my studio, and seeing the pictures of the families set me off. And then I…”

“Set it off?” Anika offered, and I laughed a little as I nodded.

“Yeah. Pretty much.”

Anika took a deep breath and then let it out, not looking at me for a moment before she considered her words. “So… you know I’m pissed about you going over there, right?”

“Right.”

“Glad you know. Do I even need to ask your reasoning?”

I snorted. “No. It’s the same question I’ve always had – why?”

She nodded, then let out another sigh. “Well… I know it’s not something you like to talk about, but… I think you should talk to mama about it. Right after Aunt Doreen died – when you didn’t come to the service – I asked her about it. And apparently, they’d had that conversation. I don’t think it went that well, and mama didn’t give me as much detail as she would probably give you, but… I got the impression that your father’s death really messed Aunt Doreen up. And you look a lot like Uncle Robert, so that probably played into it too, like she resented him for “leaving” her, and since you looked like him… it kinda manifested onto you.”

“That is completely fucked up,” I said, shaking my head.

Anika agreed, “Yeah, it is. And I could be wrong, but… that’s the impression I had. I also had the impression that Aunt Doreen was really hurt about it. Like… it never got easy for her, that your relationship was gone. That means it bothered her, which means she knows she was wrong. Right?”

“Maybe,” I shrugged. “But it doesn’t matter. I can’t let myself hold on to that hurt forever, not when there are so many other good things in my life. I mean, I don’t know that it will ever go away, but I don’t want it to have control over me, not anymore.”

“Good.” Anika sat forward, grabbing my hands. “That’s what I want to hear. One of us has to have our shit together, alright?”

Shaking my head, I laughed. “Don’t say that, Nik. You’ve been great since I got here!”

“Wow, not even three months, crack open the bubbly!”

“Oh hush,” I insisted, squeezing her hands back. “Everybody has to start somewhere. Don’t downplay it. You keep on focusing on being and loving you, and being happy. That’s all that matters.”

Anika smirked. “See? This is why you’re my number one, Jules. Why I wasn’t tripping on you getting a little short with me when I wasn’t taking no for an answer about that party. You have always been down for me, listened to me cry over fuckboys, made me love myself, even when I couldn’t see a reason to. I love you boo.”

“I love you too,” I told her immediately, pulling her into a hug before my impending tears had a chance to escape my eyes.

“This some kinda coffeehouse edition of Girls Gone Wild?”

I looked up to see Royal standing near us, smirking as we pulled away from the hug. Anika gave him a look that would’ve been a bullet between the eyes if she had that kind of power, and then stood.

“I gotta go, cousin. See you at dinner tomorrow?”

I nodded. “Of course.”

“Dinner? I like dinner?” Royal said, giving Anika a grin that made her blink hard as hell, trying not to appear flustered.

“Can you wait for me in the back please?” she snapped, and he raised his hands in defense.

“Fine,” he shrugged. “My bad.”

“Yeah, your bad.”

I snickered as he walked off, clearly aware of how much he’d gotten under Anika’s skin. “You should’ve invited him. Maybe it would ease some of the tension?”

“So would pushing him off a cliff,” she said, then tipped her head to the side. “Although, a date probably wouldn’t be a bad idea, considering that you’re bringing Troy, and you two are disgustingly adorable.”

“How does that work?”

“Just go with it,” she laughed. “I’m surprised you’re not with him today.”

I shook my head. “Nah, he’s up in the city, kicking it with his brother. So I’m getting some me-time. And maybe some me-and-you time, when you get off later? I’m making a lasagna.”

“Well girl, you can count on it. I’ll see you later.”

“Bye Nik,” I called after her, waving as she picked up her clipboard and went to find Royal.

I sat back in my chair with my tea, taking a long slow sip as I closed my eyes, savoring both the flavor and the fact that I was as good as ever with my best friend.





“You’re so adorable when you’re nervous.”

Troy stopped moving the brush to meet my eyes in the mirror, then looked at it and frowned. “Brushing the same spot again?”

“Yeah,” I nodded, and laughed. “You look good, barber man. Amazing, actually.”

That was no exaggeration – Troy looked downright delicious in his navy suit.

Beside him, I was matching, even though I wasn’t part of the wedding party like he was. Call me corny, but I wanted to match my date, even though he wasn’t actually my date.

I had a job to do.

“We gotta head out of here, before we’re late,” he fussed, suddenly in a big hurry. We’d gotten a hotel room together in the city, at the same hotel where the wedding was being held, so there wouldn’t be a concern about traffic or anything holding us up.

The wedding wasn’t for another two hours though. Troy was just anxious, and he had every right to be.

I vividly remembered the night two weeks ago – just a month after they’d officially met – when Marshall had shot Troy a text while we were together, asking Troy to be his best man. Obviously, the answer was an unequivocal yes.

Since then, Troy had been consumed with taking the reins from Marshall’s friend, who had held the title at first. One of the other groomsmen had a death in his family, forcing him to need to step out. Somehow, instead of Troy simply replacing the missing groomsmen, Marshall had convinced his best friend to relinquish his place, so Troy could have it.

Because of that, Troy was taking it beyond seriously, and it was adorable.

He was so excited to have a role in his brother’s wedding – especially that one.

I wasn’t quite sure how I’d gotten looped into it, in the role of photographer. But Marshall had called with Ariel, his fiancé, crying in the background, saying something about stolen deposits and a fraud lawsuit, so I was staying as far away from the details as possible.

All I needed to know was when to show up.

I was excited to do it, honestly, because I knew how much these pictures would mean to Troy. This was his family – he’d met Marshall’s parents, and a few cousins and such already – and as the years went on, and he got to know them more and more, they would be something to treasure.

“Maybe you wouldn’t feel so pressed for time if you hadn’t been out all night looking at ass? Maybe?” I teased, as I hooked my camera bag over my shoulder, waiting for him to grab whatever else he needed to grab before we made our way downstairs. I wasn’t even going to mess him up by telling him he wasn’t supposed to be dressed yet – the couple wanted pictures of them getting ready, with their wedding parties.

I’d just have him take off his jacket and tie once we were down there.

“We didn’t even do the strip club thing, for your information. Marshall wasn’t into it. Said it seemed weird as fuck to spend the night before he got married to the woman of his dreams looking at another woman’s naked ass, and… I gotta say, I get it. That shit is weird. Like… why?”

I shrugged. “Never made sense to me either, but that’s the type of stuff y’all like. Hey, is my hair okay? I forgot to pack any moisturizer.”

He looked up from his bag, studying me for a second before he tossed me a spray bottle from his toiletry kit. “Hit it with a little Found Heritage, you’ll be alright.”

My eyes got big as I caught the bottle. “You picked a name!? That’s it? Found Heritage? I love it!” I gushed as he smiled.

“Yeah, last night. Marshall and his homeboys helped me figure it out. And, you remember he’s a barber too right, works with celebrity clients, on video shoots and stuff sometimes? He’s a master barber at his shop, StudioCuts. He’s going to see about getting them to carry my products in his shop, and he’s going to be using it on his celebrity clients.”

“Ahhhh!” I shrieked. “Troy, oh my God!” I dropped my bag onto the bed to rush over to him, throwing my arms around his neck. “That’s so amazing,” I said, sinking into him as his arms surrounded me. “So amazing. Congratulations. This is a really big deal.”

He grinned. “You’re a really big deal. I love you.”

I froze there in his arms, eyes wide as I processed what had just left his lips. Those brown-black marbles were fixed on me, waiting for a response. No pressure, just… waiting.

But not for long.

“I love you too,” I blurted, happy to have finally gotten it out, to finally verbalize what I’d been certain of for weeks, but afraid to say out loud. Words I’d never told anyone outside of my family.

Ever.

I hadn’t expected it to feel so good.

Troy’s lips curved into a smile, and he nodded, absently bobbing his head for a moment before he looked away, clearing his throat.

“Are you ready to go downstairs now?” I asked, a little confused by his reaction until he turned to me again, love and determination in his eyes as he tucked my head between his hands, holding me in place as his mouth covered mine, in a kiss that made my knees a little weak. But he was right there, reaching out to catch the slack in my body with a strong arm, and making me wish we had just a few more minutes before we were expected downstairs.

Cause damn.

When he finally pulled back, he shot me a grin, then moved to the other side of the bed. He grabbed my heavy camera bag for me, lifting it like it weighed a lot less than it did, and turned to me with raised eyebrows.

“I am now.”





I hope you enjoyed Troy and Juliet’s story! Please consider leaving a review. You can also reach me via my website (www.beingmrsjones.com) on facebook (www.facebook.com/beingmrsjones) on twitter (www.twitter.com/beingmrsjones) or instagram (www.instagram.com/beingmrsjones) For notifications about new releases, sales, events, or other announcements, you can subscribe to my mailing list.



If you’d like to read more about the neighborhood – the first generation of Mahogany Heights, before it had a name, check out the Serendipitous Love series. (Carter and Viv’s story is book 2 – Didn’t Mean to Love You)

Serendipitous Love:

A Crazy Little Thing Called Love

Didn’t Mean To Love You

Fall In Love Again

The Way Love Goes

Love You Forever

Something Like Love





Christina C. Jones is a modern romance novelist who has penned more than 30 love stories. She has earned a reputation as a storyteller who seamlessly weaves the complexities of modern life into captivating tales of black romance.



Other titles by Christina Jones

Love and Other Things

Haunted (paranormal)

Mine Tonight (erotica)

Five Start Enterprises

Anonymous Acts

More Than a Hashtag

Relationship Goals

High Stakes

Ante Up

Sweet Heat

Hints of Spice (Highlight Reel spinoff)

A Dash of Heat

A Touch of Sugar

Truth, Lies, and Consequences

The Truth – His Side, Her Side, And the Truth About Falling In Love

The Lies – The Lies We Tell About Life, Love, and Everything in Between

Friends & Lovers:

Finding Forever

Chasing Commitment

Strictly Professional:

Strictly Professional

Unfinished Business

Serendipitous Love:

A Crazy Little Thing Called Love

Didn’t Mean To Love You

Fall In Love Again

The Way Love Goes

Love You Forever

Something Like Love

Trouble:

The Trouble With Love

The Trouble With Us

The Right Kind Of Trouble

If You Can (Romantic Suspense):

Catch Me If You Can

Release Me If You Can

Save Me If You Can

Inevitable Love:

Inevitable Conclusions

Inevitable Seductions

The Wright Brothers:

Getting Schooled – Jason & Reese

Pulling Doubles – Joseph & Devyn

Bending The Rules – Justin & Toni

Connecticut Kings:

CK #1 Love in the Red Zone – Love Belvin

CK #2 Love on the Highlight Reel

CK #3 – Determining Possession

CK #4 – End Zone Love – Love Belvin





