Table of Contents


	Part One

Part Two

Epilogue

Blurb

Part I

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Part II

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Dear Reader

Preview into Book #4

From the Author

Books by Lena Hart

About the Author





Something Borrowed



Brides of Cedar Bend 3





Lena Hart





SOMETHING BORROWED

Copyright © 2017



E-book ISBN: 978-1-941885-37-6



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.



No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission, except in the case of brief passages embodied in critical reviews and articles.





Contents




Blurb





Part I



Chapter 1



Chapter 2



Chapter 3



Chapter 4





Part II



Chapter 5



Chapter 6



Chapter 7



Chapter 8



Chapter 9



Chapter 10



Chapter 11



Chapter 12



Chapter 13



Chapter 14



Chapter 15



Chapter 16



Epilogue





Dear Reader





Preview into Book #4





From the Author



Books by Lena Hart



About the Author





Resident bad boy Jackson Matoa is not very good at expressing his feelings. Especially when those feelings include an inexplicable desire toward his brother’s widow. And if the blow from his young brother’s death wasn’t enough to break him, the guilt of his unwavering lust for his sister-in-law just might...



Despite her best efforts, Truth Richards can’t seem to make sense of her feelings for her insufferable brother-in-law. She’s certainly not willing to admit just how deep those feelings run. With one phone call, Truth finds herself returning to Cedar Bend and forcing her way back into Jackson’s life.



Yet with the pain of their loss still fresh, can these two broken hearts borrow each other’s strength to find happiness with each other? Or will their guilt and grief push them further apart?





Download the complete series!





To those who have loved and lost…and those who have found love again.





Part One





“Cupid is a knavish lad.”



-William Shakespeare,

A Midsummer Night’s Dream





One





One year earlier…



“Aw, come here, cutie. Good boy.”

Truth Richards knelt down as the small, fawn colored puppy ambled toward her.

“You’re such a good doggie,” she murmured, rubbing behind his wide, floppy ears.

The small dog was stocky with short, broad limbs. Yet, he was the softest, most lovable thing Truth had seen since Danny had dropped her off at his family home. She had barely had her bags settled inside when she’d heard the puppy’s soft whimpering coming from outside. The puppy had no collar and was too small to be out fending for himself.

“Where did you come from, huh? Are you lost?”

In response, the sweet puppy licked her hand, then tried climbing up her lap to lick her face. Truth fell back on her haunches and laughed when the pup began licking at her wildly.

“Don’t encourage her or she’ll never stop.”

Truth jumped at the unexpected male voice behind her and whirled around. The man was huge, with wide shoulders and biceps that stretched his sullied T-shirt. There were sweat stains under his armpits and around his collar. His dark, shaggy shoulder length hair was also just as damp with sweat. He had to have been walking for some time.

But where had he come from?

Danny had assured her that she would be safe here alone, that there was only one way in and out to the modest, single-story home. Yet, this man had made it up here without her even noticing him.

Truth clutched the puppy close to her as the man continued his long-legged stride toward them. His sudden appearance frightened her, but not as much as his unreadable expression behind his thick, unkempt beard.

He stopped just a few feet away from her, his dark eyes searching. He was filthy and there was a prominent bruise running along the side of his face. Her mouth went dry. But she wouldn’t let him see her fear and trepidation. He was the trespasser here.

“Excuse me, sir. How did you get here?”

The man cocked a thick brow, his broad features twisting into what could have been amusement. “I should be asking you that.”

The man took another step toward her and Truth jerked back. He had to know how big and intimidating he was, but he ignored her and came down on his haunches. To her surprise, the puppy let out a loud bark and wiggled out of her arms. Truth released it and watched as the puppy rushed over to the stranger.

The man scooped the small, sweet dog in his large arms and rose to his feet. He held the small pup to his chest as it licked him and barked excitedly.

Truth cocked her head to the side, confused. When the man started toward the house, she jumped to her feet and rushed toward him. She ran up the porch steps and blocked the front door with her body. The idea of her trying to block a man who still towered over her even as she stood on elevated ground was laughable, but there was no way she was letting him inside that house.

“I’m sorry, but I can’t let you inside. If you’re here to see Danny or his brother, you’ll have to wait outside until they get back.”

The man’s fingers stilled over the puppy’s head, and he glared at her, letting his dark gaze travel down her petite frame. “And who the hell are you?”

Truth frowned at his harsh tone and insulting scrutiny. He must have mistaken her politeness for meekness.

“I’m a friend of the family,” she snapped. “Who the hell are you?”

The man continued to study her. Suddenly his annoyance faded, and his lips curved into a slow smile. The grin transformed his face and for a moment she found it charming.

For a moment.

“I guess that makes two of us,” he drawled. “Now, how about you move the hell out of my way so I can feed this little monster.”

Truth hesitated then glanced down at the puppy, who was now chewing and drooling on the man’s shirt. If this strange man was a homicidal maniac, he certainly was an animal loving one.

She sighed and stepped aside. With a small shake of his head, the man brushed pass her and entered the house. She hesitated for a millisecond before she followed him inside.

The man stopped in the kitchen, pulled down a bowl and filled it with puppy chow. The dog went at the meal eagerly, munching on the pebbles as if it had been starved. Maybe it had been.

The man then took down another bowl, filled it with water, and placed it beside the pup. He bent down and began rubbing the back of its ears.

“That’s my girl. Eat up.”

Truth watched the interaction with some amazement. This man didn’t seem like the gentle, caring type yet here he was tending lovingly to this small animal. In that moment, she realized he must have been sent here to dog sit and she suddenly felt shitty about their earlier encounter.

“What’s her name?”

“She doesn’t have one yet.”

Truth tilted her head to the side. “Why not?”

“Because she wandered up here a few days ago.”

“Oh…well if you’re going to keep her, she’s going to need a name.”

“Little Monster seems to be sticking,” the man said affectionately.

He straightened and for a short moment she had forgotten how tall he was. When he took a step forward, Truth took an automatic step back. He stopped in his tracks and arched a brow.

“Look, lady—”

“Truth.”

“What?”

“My name’s Truth.”

His thick brows pulled together in a deep frown. “What kind of name is Truth?”

Her back drew up, but she tried not to let her irritation show. “What kind of name is…”

She trailed off, realizing he hadn’t given her his name. She paused, waiting for him to do so. When he continued staring at her expectantly, Truth waved her hand dismissively.

“Oh, never mind.”

He shrugged. “Well Truth, I’d say it’s been nice meeting you, but I’d really hate to lie.”

Warmth filled her cheeks, though she wasn’t sure why she was the one embarrassed. He hadn’t exactly been a delight himself.

“Listen, we started off all wrong,” Truth began. “I’m sorry I was rude earlier. Danny didn’t mention a dog or that someone was coming up here to care for her.”

The man studied her in that unnerving way of his. “Where is Danny, anyway?”

“His brother had car trouble. He went to pick him up.”

His mouth curved up in amusement. “Is that what he told you?”

Truth frowned. Danny was as honest and straitlaced as they came, yet this man’s words seem to suggest otherwise. “Is there something I should know?”

“Yeah. His brother is a no-good, son-of-a-bitch that got himself arrested for sticking his nose where it didn’t belong. Car trouble is the least of his problems.”

She sucked in a sharp breath. “How dare you?” She may not have met her brother-in-law yet, but she’d be damned if she’d let this guy talk about him like that. “I thought you were a friend?”

The man shrugged again. “Well, it’s true. And as much as I’d like to know why Danny brought one of his groupies here, I really don’t care. I’m tired and sweaty and done with this conversation.”

Groupie?

Before she could set him straight, the man walked around her and out of the kitchen. When he began peeling off his shirt, Truth’s mouth fell open and she started after him.

“Whoa! What do you think you’re doing?”

The man slung the shirt over his shoulder and turned to her, irritation plain in his dark brown eyes. But it wasn’t his eyes that drew her attention. The muscles that rippled down his tanned arms and across his sculpted abdomen held her mesmerized. She didn’t consider herself a shallow woman, but in that moment she wanted nothing more than to glide her palm over his chest and down his—

“See something you like?”

Truth blinked, and her gaze flew up to his. In place of his earlier irritation was a smoldering heat, hidden behind a sly grin. She shook her head and began babbling like an idiot.

“Sorry. I was just…I didn’t mean to stare. I was…it’s just…”

Lord, what’s the matter with me?

His gaze raked over hers. “It’s just what?”

She shook her head, her face and body flooded with warmth. “Nothing. I was just…caught off guard.”

“That’s all?”

She nodded jerkily.

He smirked. “Liar.”

Before she had time to gather and make sense of her thoughts, he closed the space between them. His intention was blatant, and she immediately backed away.

“Don’t you dare—”

With one swift move, he looped his arm around her waist and pulled her to him. He planted his lips over hers and the sudden contact was a shock to her system. She stood there frozen as he moved his lips over hers until the heat of his touch seared through her.

For a fleeting moment, Truth shut her eyes as shock waves of electric energy rolled through her. It left her with a fierce trembling that threaten to have her legs buckle beneath her. If she hadn’t been latched on to his thick arms, she would have surely melted at his feet.

She had never been rendered this weak and breathless from a kiss. Not even with—

Danny!

That sudden realization was like ice water to her heated senses. Truth brought her palms up to the man’s chest and shoved him away. He stumbled back, surprise and frustration flaring bright in his molten gaze.

“What the hell!” Truth swiped her fingers across her mouth, trying to remove the heady taste of sweat and tobacco from her lips. “Don’t you ever do that again.”

“Cut the act. You fucking liked it.”

And the fact that she had only aggravated the situation. What was she going to tell Danny?

Before she could respond to the man’s shrewd observation, the faint sound of a car approaching rumbled in the distance.

Her heart stopped.

Truth rushed to the window and pulled back the curtains. Danny’s smoky gray sedan pulled into the driveway.

“Oh no,” she muttered, heat from her guilt and shame filling her face.

The man came up behind her and placed a hand on the small of her back. Truth jerked from the unexpected touch.

“Relax. It’s just my brother.”

She whipped around to face him. “Wait. You’re Jackson?”

He rolled his eyes. “Finally figured it out?”

Truth could only stare at him, horrified. The enormity of what just happened between them began to sink in and she felt the blood drain from her face. When the car door slammed shut, she winced.

Any minute now, Danny would be walking into the house. What was she going to tell him? He didn’t deserve to be hurt like this.

With every fiber she possessed, Truth schooled her features into a serene mask. “We have to tell him what just happened between us.”

Jackson arched a brow. “Why?”

Truth carefully put some distance between them and clasped her hands in front of her. “Because Danny’s my husband.”



“What do you think of my Ruthie?”

Jackson Matoa leaned back in his seat and took another drink of his beer. While they waited for Truth to finally emerge from the bedroom, he used that moment to get his own emotions in check. He couldn’t remember when he’d been in a more irritable mood.

He didn’t want to talk about Truth—or think about how very unavailable she was.

“Come on, Jackson.” Danny nudged his leg with his knee. “What do you think of her?”

Jackson shrugged. “She’s cute.”

A wide grin stretched across his brother’s tawny brown face. Aside from their height, they shared little physical resemblance. Where Jackson was broad, his little brother was lean—the result of having different fathers.

But that didn’t change how Jackson felt about his little brother or how protective he was of him. Danny was his closest family and Jackson wouldn’t do anything to hurt him. If it meant keeping his true feelings about his new sister-in-law to himself, so be it. There was no point in yearning for someone he couldn’t have. No matter how sweet she tasted. Or how right she felt in his arms.

“You think I rushed things, don’t you?”

“What does it matter what I think? I see you’re happy. I’m happy for you.”

“Don’t give me that. You’re obviously annoyed about it.”

“Actually, I’m surprised. Why didn’t you tell me about her or that you were planning to get married?”

“Because it wasn’t planned. We eloped. It’s…complicated.”

Jackson’s hand tightened around the can. “How complicated?”

“She’s not pregnant, if that’s what you think.”

Jackson relaxed his grip, ignoring the relief that suddenly filled him. “Then why the rush. Did she need a green card or something?”

Danny shifted uncomfortably in his seat. “Something like that…”

He stared at his brother then burst out laughing. “Okay, now it all makes sense. For a minute there, I thought you were going to say something stupid like you were in love.”

Danny glared at him. “I do love her. Very much. We would have eventually gotten married, but circumstances sort of pushed up our timeline.”

The sincerity in his brother’s voice was steadfast and Jackson inclined his head.

“So…” Jackson began, running his finger along the lip of the can. “Car trouble, Danny? Really? If you’re going to lie to your wife, you’ll need to do a little better than that.”

His brother shrugged, but remorse clouded his dark eyes. “Hey, I had to tell her something. I wasn’t quite expecting a detour to the police station on my first day back home. Besides, I didn’t want her to get the wrong impression about you before you two got to meet.”

Too late.

Jackson shoved away the thought. “Well, I’m glad Doyle decided not to press charges. I’d be doing time and you’d probably start telling people I’d joined the army.”

Danny balled up a napkin and threw it at him. Jackson effortlessly dodged it and laughed.

“You know, joining the military isn’t a bad idea,” Danny offered. “Maybe it’ll give you some discipline. Truth has a second cousin who’s in the Air Force. Maybe she can—”

“I’ll pass,” Jackson cut in, taking another sip of his beer. “Where is she from, anyway?”

“Maryland. Why?”

“No, I mean what country is she from? She has a slight accent.”

And it was sexy as hell.

Jackson had been intrigued by it the moment he’d heard it. Though, maybe not as much as he’d been captivated by her sultry dark brown eyes or the dimple on her right cheek.

“Barbados,” Danny said. “But we met at a club in DC, after one of my shows.”

Jackson nodded, glad to have that small mystery uncovered. He wanted to know more about her, but he knew it would only heighten his fixation. And he needed to do everything he could to get over her and that kiss.

“I guess you won’t be fighting off any more groupies,” Jackson teased, “now that you’ll be dragging a wife along.”

They both laughed, though Jackson knew his brother had too much discipline, and too big a moral compass, to let himself get tempted by superficial women.

Suddenly Danny sobered and leaned forward in his seat. “Actually, there’s something I’ve been meaning to talk to you about.”

“Okay, guys. I’m ready.”

They both turned as Truth entered the living room. She looked stunning in her slim violet dress and her elegantly made-up face. Try as he might, Jackson couldn’t seem to take his eyes off her.

Danny rose to his feet and went to her. “You look beautiful, babe.”

She smiled sweetly, and Jackson felt it in his heart—and in his shaft. He tore his gaze away from the light kiss his brother pressed on her lips and rose to his feet. He would have opted for dinner at home, but Jackson wouldn’t deny his brother a chance to show off his beautiful new bride around their small town.

They all filed toward the door, but were barely outside when Danny’s cell phone rang.

“Hold up,” Danny called out, staring down at the screen. “It’s my manager.” He went back inside the house, leaving him and Truth alone.

What followed was the most uncomfortable silence Jackson had ever experienced. When he glanced over at Truth, she had her hands clasped in front of her, and her profile was rigid. She did everything she could to avoid his gaze.

“If we want to get through tonight, we’re going to have to talk about what happened.”

She finally turned dark, irate eyes at him. “Fine. Talk.”

“You should have told me you were married to my brother.” Jackson hadn’t meant to blurt out that accusation first but there it was.

“No,” she retorted in a harsh whisper. “You shouldn’t have kissed me.”

“You shouldn’t have kissed me back.”

Her eyes rounded in shock. “I did not!”

“For someone named ‘Truth’ you have a bad habit of lying to yourself.”

She glowered at him. “The point is, you crossed the line. You can’t just go around grabbing and kissing women you don’t know.”

“Believe me, I don’t. But you can’t deny that you wanted me to touch you.”

She bit her lip and he instantly thought of their softness and how good they felt against his. Maybe he would have been able to resist temptation earlier if she hadn’t been looking at him the way she had. He couldn’t remember a woman looking at him with such hunger in her eyes.

“Well, it can never happen again.”

She was right about that. Yet that brief sample he’d gotten hadn’t been enough for him. Deal with it, Jackson scolded himself. He may be a lot of things, but he wouldn’t be the guy that screwed his brother’s wife.

“Don’t worry,” he said evenly. “It won’t. Hell, I’ve already forgotten about it.”

She nodded stiffly. “I think we should tell him.”

Jackson tensed. “Tell him what? Nothing happened, remember?”

The last thing he wanted was to hurt his brother. Danny was clearly head over heels for her, and he could see how much Truth loved him. Jackson wasn’t going to be the cause of any strain between them.

Suddenly the door wrenched open and Danny stepped outside. “Sorry about that. Let’s go eat. Jackson, you driving, right?”

“Sure,” he muttered, glancing back at Truth to see what she would say next. To his relief, she simply plastered a stiff smile on her face and took Danny’s hand.

But his relief was short-lived.

Throughout dinner, the guilt Jackson felt earlier only grew until he almost felt sick with it. He had never kept anything from his brother and the longer he pretended the kiss had meant nothing, the heavier that lie weighed inside him. Especially when he knew that deep down, keeping the secret had little to do with sparing his brother’s feelings and a lot to do with protecting the image his brother had of him.

When they finally returned home, Jackson hung back. He watched as Danny led his sleepy bride up the porch steps, his arm looped around her waist. Jackson turned away, forcing the jealousy he had no right to feel aside. He had never been jealous of his brother and wouldn’t start now.

“Jackson, aren’t you coming in?”

He glanced behind him and his eyes instantly locked with Truth’s. She quickly slid her gaze away, and Jackson wondered what was going through her mind right now. If he felt this level of guilt, he could only imagine how she must be feeling. He had forced her into this lie and he felt like shit about it.

“Yeah, in a minute,” he said and dug out his carton of cigarettes. He’d been trying to cut back on his smoking, and had managed to go a few days without one.

But after tonight, he needed another one. Bad.

Jackson leaned against the porch rail and stared out into the darkness. The air was unusually cool for June and he welcomed it, hoping it would be enough to settle his wayward thoughts. As minutes turned into several, he lingered outside a bit longer yet still couldn’t seem to clear his head of that kiss.

“I miss those.”

Jackson turned as Danny stepped out on the porch to join him. He followed his brother’s gaze to his half-smoked cigarette then offered it to him.

Danny shook his head. He jammed his hands into his pockets and leaned against the other end of the rail. “Truth hates it, so I gave them up.”

Jackson arched a brow. “Just like that? She says jump and you dive in head first?”

“It’s not like that. She’s certainly not shy about sharing her opinions on it, but she never asked me to quit. I just did. For her.”

“Well, you are a man in love,” Jackson muttered sardonically.

“Yeah, I am. And one day you’ll find someone that’ll make you want to give them everything. Even if it means giving up something else.”

Jackson stared down at the cigarette, took one long drag before he butted it. Silence fell between them and he glanced over at his brother, who studied him, concern strained across his face.

“You were kind of quiet at dinner tonight,” Danny said. “Is everything okay with you? This doesn’t have anything to do with that trespassing charge last month, does it? Because once those charges are officially dropped—”

“I kissed Truth.”

Danny’s eyes widen with shock before narrowing in disbelief. Jackson wanted to kick himself, but the words had fallen out before he had a chance to think them through. Jackson scrambled to fix his blunder.

“Look, I’m sorry. I didn’t know she was your—shit.”

The fist that slammed against his jaw was unexpected and hurt like hell. Jackson whipped his head back around to confront his brother. Danny’s hands were balled into fists and there was fire brewing in his eyes.

“Okay, I deserved that,” Jackson muttered. “But that was your only free one.”

Danny bristled. “You goddamn bastard! Why’d you do it?”

The faint metallic taste of blood coated his tongue and Jackson spat over the rail. He really wasn’t up for a fight tonight.

“It happened when you were out looking for me. I didn’t know she was your wife. I would have never touched her had I known.”

That didn’t seem to lessen his brother’s fury, but at least his hands were no longer balled into fists.

“Did she kiss you back?”

Jackson wiped at his mouth. “She pushed me away.”

It wasn’t the complete truth, but Jackson wasn’t going to give his brother a reason to stay pissed. Especially not at his new bride.

“Good. She should have slapped you.”

“I think she wanted to but by then I was clear across the room.”

The corner of Danny’s lips slightly lifted. “Yeah, she’s pretty strong for her size and could probably kick your ass. But if you try touching her again, I definitely will.”

Jackson rubbed his jaw. “Trust me, I won’t. She’s crazy about you. If it hadn’t been for me talking her out of it, she would have already told you about this.”

Danny’s expression softened, and his smile widened. “I’m really lucky, aren’t I?”

Jackson grunted, absently wondering what it would take for him to find that kind of luck. But he didn’t want just any beautiful woman with a sweet smile and soft lips. He wanted the same pulse-pounding desire, the body-tingling rush he’d felt earlier.

He wanted the one woman he couldn’t have…

He wanted Truth.





Two





“You’re leaving today?”

Truth sat up on the bed and watched as Danny flipped open his suitcase.

“Sorry, babe, but you know I can’t control these things. We were just picked up to do a show in London. It’ll be in front of some pretty big executives. This is too huge to pass up.”

“When were you going to tell me this?”

“I wanted to tell you last night, but you weren’t feeling well, and I didn’t want to make you feel any worse.”

Truth nibbled on her lower lip. It had been her conscious eating away at her that had pained her last night. She may have reluctantly decided to keep Jackson’s secret, but it didn’t stop the guilt from festering inside her.

She didn’t think she could keep it contained any longer.

“Danny, I have something to tell you… But please don’t be mad.”

He glanced back at her then came to sit beside her on the bed. “Is it about the kiss?”

Truth gaped at him. “Jackson told you?”

“Yeah. He did. But it’s okay. I’m not mad. He told me how you pushed him away.” He sounded pleased about that.

Yeah, but only after I kissed him back.

She couldn’t ignore that important detail, which only added to the churning in her belly. Danny had always talked about his older brother as if he were a father figure. But instead of the mature older brother she had expected, she had met with a six-foot plus, muscular built man with alluring dark brown eyes and sensual lips.

Truth shook away the distracting thought. Danny would be leaving soon and she didn’t want him to think there was—or would ever be—anything between her and Jackson.

“I wanted to tell you earlier, but—”

Danny took her hand and gave it a squeeze. “I know Jackson bullied you into secrecy. Don’t worry, I had a strong talk with him about it.”

Truth masked her annoyance and returned his reassuring squeeze. If Jackson had planned to tell him everything, why had he forced her into keeping quiet?

“I’m sorry, Danny.”

He pulled her into his arms. “You have nothing to be sorry about, babe. It’s Jackson who can’t keep his hands to himself.”

She looped her arms around him and leaned into his embrace. “I think I should stay at a motel or something until you get back.”

“Nonsense. I spoke to Jackson last night about you staying here until you pass the NCLEX and he’s cool with it.”

Truth drew back and stared at him, surprised. “He is?”

“Of course, he is. I told you it wouldn’t be a problem.”

“Yeah, but that was before I met him.” And before she discovered how dangerously appealing his older brother was.

Danny pressed a quick kiss on the bridge of her nose. “My brother may be a lot of things, but deep down he’s a good guy and I trust him. Give it some time. You’ll get to see what kind of man he really is.”

Truth nodded and rested her head on her husband’s shoulder. She was open minded enough to put their awkward encounter behind her and start off with a clean slate.

Unfortunately, that was easier said than done.

After Danny’s departure, Truth had seen very little of Jackson. The rare times they happened to be in the same room, he was cordial enough, but any exchange was always brief. He was gone for long hours and only seem to come around long enough to feed and play with Little Monster.

She didn’t know what kept him away for such long hours, but it was probably better this way. Things between them had been strained when Danny had been here. She didn’t imagine it would get any better while they were alone.

So she focused on her studies and spent hours prepping for her nursing exam. To fill in the time, she also secured a part-time position at the local hospital. She did as much as she could to keep busy, which left her little room to miss Danny and even less time to fixate on Jackson’s whereabouts.

But it took only one dinner to break her steady focus.

“Here you go, sweetie.”

Truth placed the bowl of dog food down in front of Little Monster, but the puppy dashed out of the kitchen, barking excitedly. Truth started to call after her until she heard the front door come open.

“There’s my Little Monster.”

Truth ignored the flutter in her belly as Jackson’s affectionate teasing and light chuckle reached her. He was home earlier than usual, but she wouldn’t let that change her routine. She went to the stove, plated her dinner then sat down at the small table.

“I missed you too, girl.”

Truth concentrated on her meal, only looking up when Jackson eventually walked into the small kitchen with Little Monster propped in his arms. She offered him a greeting, and he grunted in response. He went down on his haunches and placed Little Monster down in front of her food bowl. The pup attacked it with enthusiasm as Jackson continued to run his palm along her back.

Truth followed every line of his biceps and shoulders that flexed as a result of the small action. She had never met a man his size move so fluidly and with such arrogant confidence. He carried his bulk with ease, and still managed to handle a small thing like Little Monster with tenderness.

She didn’t know what to make of Jackson Matoa, but one thing was certain. He fascinated her.

When he glanced over at her, Truth quickly dropped her gaze back to her plate. Her hand tightened around her fork as she feigned calm indifference. Yet inside her chest, her heart was racing, and she didn’t know why.

“There’s some more chicken curry on the stove, if you’re hungry,” she offered, wanting to fill in the awkward silence.

“Thanks. You didn’t have to cook for me.”

Truth suppressed an eye-roll and an exasperated sigh. “I didn’t cook for you. I just made enough for two, and I’m offering you some. But you don’t have to have any, if you don’t want.”

Ignoring her last words, Jackson rose to his full height and went to the stove. He lifted the lid from the pot and dipped the serving spoon inside.

With some annoyance, she watched as he scooped out a healthy portion and brought the spoon to his mouth. He stuck the spoon back into the pot and scooped up another large helping.

“Not bad,” he said around a mouth full of food.

“I’m glad you like it. Why don’t you grab a plate and come sit with me?”

His hand stilled above the pot before he laid the serving spoon down and went to the cabinet. As he pulled out a plate, Truth returned her attention to her own. She couldn’t help the smile that tugged at her lips.

Looks like some old dogs can learn new tricks.

When he finally sat down at the table, Truth was surprised to see how high his plate was piled. But within minutes, he had it down to half. She watched with amazement at how quick the food began to disappear—and how much of a mess he was making.

One trick at a time, she reminded herself.

“How was your day?” Truth asked, trying to ignore the spectacle before her.

“Long.” He didn’t even bother looking up from his plate when he responded.

“Were you at work all day?”

Jackson grunted.

She continued to stare down at his bent head, waiting for him to say more. When he didn’t she asked, “What do you do for work?”

“I build things.”

“Like houses?”

“Something like that.”

She assumed it was houses because she had seen the unfinished doghouse in the backyard and had wondered about it.

“So you built that doghouse in the back?”

He grunted, and Truth held on to her annoyance at his mute response.

“Well, you did a nice job. Who’s it for?”

He jerked his head toward Little Monster, who was still voraciously nibbling at her dog chow. Truth cocked her head to the side in confusion.

“Don’t you think it’s a little big for her?”

“No.”

Truth stared at him and clenched her teeth in frustration. He couldn’t be anymore monotonous. Since it was clear he didn’t want to talk about himself or his work, she attempted a more neutral topic.

“I spoke with Danny today.”

“Yeah? How is he?”

“Excited about his next show. After that, he says he might be able to come and spend a few days with us.”

“Cool.”

Suddenly Jackson rose from the table and carried his plate to the sink. Truth followed him up, taken aback by yet another cold response. She would have thought the news would elicit a bit more enthusiasm.

She came up beside him and studied his profile as he turned on the faucet and grabbed for the sponge.

“Jackson, are you all right?”

“Yeah, why?” He lathered and scrubbed his plate, not sparing her a glance.

“Because I’ve been here for over two weeks and you’ve said maybe five words to me.”

He froze then jerked the faucet shut. When he turned to face her, his expression was unreadable. “I think under the circumstances its best we give each other some space.”

“What circumstances?” She studied him searchingly. “Are you talking about that kiss that never happened? I thought you forgot all about it?”

His stance grew rigid and something intense flared in his dark eyes. “I’m trying.”

Those low words caused the hairs on her arms to rise. And it certainly wasn’t out of fear. Afraid he would read the veiled excitement in her eyes, she let her gaze drop to his chest.

“Well, I hope we can get pass this. Danny knows about it and I’m glad he does. You forced me to keep your secret and—”

“Wait a minute. It wasn’t my secret.”

She gaped up at him. “Are you serious? I only kept quiet about it because of you. Then you go and tell Danny anyway. I don’t understand why you did, but I’m glad.”

Jackson sighed in resignation and rubbed his hand across the back of his neck. “You’re right. I should have never put you in that position. Hell, I should have never touched you. But don’t worry, it won’t happen again.”

“I’m not worried,” she said quietly. “I’d just like it if we could put it all behind us and at least be friends.”

He stared down at her for a moment, his dark eyes ablaze with frustration and something else.

“Fine, if that’s what you want…”

He turned away from her and swiftly left the kitchen. Truth stared after him, feeling more alone and confused than she had before.



“Say what you want, Jackson. I’m still coming home.”

Jackson frowned down at his cell phone. He was in his shed, in the middle of an important project, but he couldn’t resist trying to drill some sense into his little brother.

“Haven’t you been paying attention to the news? There’s a hurricane headed our way in a matter of days.”

“I know,” Danny said, his stubbornness coming through loud and clear over the phone speakers. “That’s why I plan to fly into Charlotte this weekend and drive the rest of the way up there.”

“Why would you do something so stupid?”

“What do you mean? I think it’s a great idea.”

“It’s reckless,” Jackson said evenly. “What if the storm hits us hard? Are you really willing to risk your neck driving four hours through post-hurricane debris?”

“To spend a few nights with my wife? Yes. Yes, I am.”

Jackson glared down at the phone. “I’m serious, Danny. Now be smart about this. Find yourself a charter plane and book a direct flight here after the storm passes.”

“Hmm, that’ll be expensive. Not to mention I’d be getting in next week and much later then I wanted.”

“You’ve waited this long,” Jackson muttered. “Your skinny ass can wait another week.”

Danny groaned. “But I miss my wife, Jackson. I mean, I really miss her.”

“Yeah, I get it.” The words burst out through clenched teeth and Jackson forced his jaw to relax. “But your precious wife will be waiting right here for you when you get back, so relax.”

“Yeah, I know she will,” Danny said smugly.

Jackson rolled his eyes, though if he had a woman like Truth he would be smug about it too.

“So, are you guys prepared for the storm?” Danny asked. “Do you have enough water, food, and batteries?”

“Getting there. I need to get more plywood for the windows, but I’m trying to finish up this project for the Bensons tonight.”

Jackson ran his palm over the mission-style executive desk he had constructed. This was his first big desk project, and he was glad he had gone with the cherry finish.

“How’s your other, more important, project coming along?”

Jackson sighed. “If you’re talking about the contractor’s license, that’s going to have to wait until after my paid projects are done. Besides, I can still do my woodwork without some useless license.”

“Yeah, but you’re too good at what you do not to turn this into a legit business for yourself. People will pay good money for custom furniture. With a business name and license behind you, you won’t have to shortchange yourself.”

“Trust me, I don’t.”

“Oh yeah? How much did you charge the Bensons for that custom cherry wood desk you’re building?”

Jackson glared down at the phone again. “None of your damn business. Besides, the desk’s a gift for Eric, so I gave them a break on the price.”

“That’s my point. The Bensons are loaded and could have hired anyone in the country to build that desk, but they chose you. Because you’re good at this stuff and they know it. I just want people to take you and your craft seriously.”

Jackson lost his glare and stared around his workstation. It was nothing more than an oversized backyard shed with all his woodworking tools, but it was here he had turned his longtime hobby into a source of income. He had never imagined making it into a full-time business. But with Danny’s constant urging to go further with his craft, he was beginning to believe maybe he could turn this into something bigger.

“All right,” Jackson said. “If you really think there’s money to be made with this stuff, I’ll look into that license.”

Danny blew out a loud, long breath. “You damn well better.”



It was official.

Hurricane Alma would be making landfall late tonight.

Truth had been monitoring the news reports for the last several days, hoping there would be a shift and the dangerous storm would shimmy back into the Atlantic. Unfortunately, all it had done was gain strength and was now a category four storm.

When Jackson pulled up to the driveway, Truth went outside to meet him. In the back of his truck bed were long pieces of flat board, several bags of tarp, and a large case of bottled water. For someone who had appeared blasé about the impending storm, he was certainly coming prepared.

“I thought you said a few boards on the windows would be enough,” Truth said as he hopped out of his truck and went around to the back.

“That was before it became a category four hurricane.”

He lifted the stack of boards with a low grunt and started toward the house. Everything was suddenly becoming all too real and she stood there frozen, watching as he deposited the boards on the porch then returned to the truck.

Stories of past hurricane disasters filled her mind and the hairs raised on her arms. In all her twenty-five years, she had never experienced a hurricane, not even in her Caribbean island home of Barbados. Yet, now she would be forced to live through one thousands of miles away from home—and with her husband thousands of miles away from her.

Truth shook her head and focused her thoughts on right now.

“Is there anything I can do to help?”

“Nope,” he said. “I got it.”

She frowned at his easy dismissal then decided to ignore him. She went to the truck and began unloading the items that were manageable for her to carry.

When they got the truck empty, Jackson began shuttering the windows and storm-proofing the roof. Truth went inside the house and began filling buckets with water and coolers with ice. She gathered all their food and emergency supplies on the kitchen counter then collected provisions for Little Monster.

Within hours, they had the house secured and was ready to hunker down in wait. Outside, heavy gusts of rain sporadically slammed against the house, letting them know that the storm wasn’t too far away. Little Monster whimpered at her heel and followed her into every room.

Truth understood the puppy’s anxiety as the winds began to wail outside. Even as the pup followed her into the bathroom, Truth didn’t have the heart to chase her out. Little Monster cowered beside the tub as Truth took a quick shower. When the lights began to flicker, the puppy’s whimpering grew louder.

“Don’t worry, sweetie,” she assured her, just as eager to get out of the tub. “It was just a little hiccup.”

She turned off the shower, and Little Monster’s whimpers only seemed to get louder. With a sigh, Truth pulled back the curtain and found Little Monster huddled by the door.

“It’s okay, honey. We’ll be out of here soon.”

Just as Truth reached for her towel, the bathroom door swung open. She let out a startled shriek and nearly dropped the thick cloth.

“Jackson.” Truth scrambled to cover herself, but her hands where trembling too much to get the terrycloth wrapped around her. “Can’t you knock?”

“Shit. Sorry.” Yet instead of shutting the door, he simply stood there, his eyes transfixed on her barely wrapped body. “I heard Little Monster crying in here and thought she was trapped.”

Truth clutched the towel closer to her, her knees locked tightly together as a strange warmth began to unfurl in her belly. “Well, as you can see, she’s not. So please leave.”

He blinked then tore his gaze away from her. “Yeah. Right. Sorry.” He bent down and scooped the puppy into his arms. “Come on, girl.”

Little Monster’s whimpers stopped as she licked his face. Jackson pulled the door shut behind them.

Mortified, Truth leaned back against the wall of the tub and shut her eyes.

Oh. My. God.

She couldn’t believe what had just happened and could only pray he hadn’t seen too much.





Three





Her tits were perfect.

Not too big for her small frame but not as small as he had imagined either.

Jackson tried to get the image out of his mind, but it was impossible. The shape of those round, smooth breasts were imprinted in his head and he couldn’t concentrate on anything else. Not on Little Monster who was gnawing at the center table leg, and certainly not on the news coverage of the hurricane.

The soft sounds of Truth’s footsteps managed to draw his attention, however. Jackson kept his gaze glued on the television. He wasn’t sure how he was supposed to pretend to unsee what he’d seen. When he tried not to think of her round breasts and narrow waist, images of the butterfly-shaped birthmark just above her crotch filled his mind.

Truth sat down beside him on the sofa, and Jackson tried to ignore the light, sweet aroma of her body wash. He had tried keeping his distance from her these past few weeks, hoping the space would diminish some of his attraction toward her.

It hadn’t.

It seemed the harder he tried to ignore her, the faster she seemed to find her way into his thoughts.

“What’s the latest?” she asked.

Jackson cleared his throat, trying to ease the tightness that had formed there and was now steadily making its way down to his shaft.

“It’s still headed our way,” he said. “But they say by the time it gets further inland, it’ll downgrade to a category one. Maybe even a tropical storm.”

“That would be nice. Have they said anything about reopening the airports?”

“No, why?”

“Maybe Danny can get an earlier flight, instead of making the long drive.”

Jackson turned to her and frowned. “So he’s still sticking with that stupid plan?”

She stiffened beside him, her attention focused on the television. “It’s not stupid. Danny’s my husband and there’s nothing wrong with him trying to come see me.”

“If he’s smart, he’ll wait until after the storm passes to make the trip.”

She crossed her arms under her breasts, pulling the oversized navy blue flannel shirt closer to her body. He recognized his brother’s shirt and he drew his gaze back to the television, before his mind had a chance to conjure up the memory of her soft looking skin underneath.

“Well,” she muttered, “there’s something I want to tell him in person so I’m glad he’s coming.”

“What did you have to tell him?”

She hesitated then smiled shyly. “I kind of wanted to tell Danny first.”

Jackson studied her still profile and he froze as a sudden thought came to him. “You’re pregnant.”

She whipped her head around to face him. “What? No!”

He didn’t know why, but her vehement denial flooded him with an unexpected relief.

“I passed my NCLEX exam,” she rushed out. “I’m officially a registered nurse.”

Her face lit up with pride and joy. Jackson couldn’t help returning her smile.

“Congratulations. You worked hard for it.” Though he had spent little time around the house, he had seen how devoted she was to her studies. “When Danny gets here, we should go out and celebrate.”

She shrugged. “That’s sweet, but not necessary. It was my third time taking the test so I had a bit of practice.”

“A pass is a pass, Truth, and you busted your ass for this. Don’t take that for granted.”

“I’m not, but I’d be content with a just glass of champagne at home. My main focus now is becoming a damn good nurse.”

Jackson smiled. “I think you’ll make a fucking great nurse.”

She beamed, her face turning a soft rosy pink beneath her golden yellow skin. He found her prettier when she got all bashful and his smile widened.

“Thanks, Jackson.”

Those simple words did something weird to him and he tore his gaze from her and cleared his throat.

“Sure.” Needing to put a little space between them, Jackson rose to his feet. “I think Danny has some wine stashed away. It’s not champagne, but it should do for now.”

Truth followed him up. “I’ll go get us some snacks.”

Jackson bit the inside of his cheek. So much for getting some space. They took two steps toward the kitchen when the lights flickered then turned off. He didn’t get to finish his muttered curse before it came back on.

When he turned back to Truth, her dark brown eyes were wide and stark. She also had a death grip on his arm.

“It was just a glitch.” He patted her hand. “We’ll be fine. Trust me.”

She glanced down at her fingers digging into his forearm and immediately let go of him.

“Yeah, right. Sorry,” she muttered. “We should probably bring one of the flashlights back with us. Just in case.”

By the time they made it back to the living room, their arms were crowded with snacks, bottled water, an open bag of tealight candles, a box of matches, a bottle of red wine, two wine glasses, and a flashlight.

The wind outside howled mercilessly, and the house shuddered slightly from the impact. He didn’t worry too much because he knew the foundation was solid, but in that moment he was more than a little relieved that he had gotten the windows boarded up.

“It’s getting closer,” Truth muttered as she sat back down on the coach.

Jackson followed her down, trying to ignore the way her cotton shorts pulled up and exposed a good portion of her thighs.

“The worst of it should pass over us late tonight and we’ll sleep right through it.”

Truth grabbed the wine bottle and corkscrew. “The only way I’ll sleep though this storm is if this gets in my system ASAP.”

She poured two tall glasses and handed him one. He stopped her just as she brought her glass to her lips.

“Shouldn’t we make a toast or something?”

She leaned over and clinked his glass with hers. “Cheers.”

Jackson chuckled and watched as she swallowed a healthy portion before setting the glass down. He took a few sips then set his down beside hers.

She stared pointedly at his very full glass. “Not much of a drinker, huh?”

“Not for wine. I’m more of a beer or rum kind of guy.”

She shrugged and picked up her glass again. “More for me, then.”

Fascinated, Jackson stared as she downed the wine and poured herself another glass. “For a little thing like you, you really know how to pack it in.”

She chuckled. “I guess I’ll take that as a compliment.”

“Good, because it was,” he assured her. “Where did you learn to drink like that?”

“Now, don’t go judging me. I’m not really a big drinker. I used to bartend while I was in school and overtime I built up a tolerance.”

Again, he was intrigued. “So, nursing student by day, bartender by night?”

“That’s right. I had to pay my way through nursing school and with my regulars, I made great tips doing it.”

“Hell, if my bartender looked like you, I’d find an excuse to drink too.”

Jackson regretted the words as soon as they left his mouth. He was attracted to her. That was no secret. But he didn’t want things to turn awkward again between them because of it.

Luckily, she just laughed and shook her head. “I actually worked in a bar in DC. You’d be surprised how much politicians drink.”

“No, I can believe it. You on the other hand… Every time I think I have you figured out, you up and surprise me.”

She tilted her head to the side and studied him. “Funny. I was just thinking the same thing about you.”

“Yeah?” Jackson cocked a brow. “What makes you say that?”

“Danny told me what you did and why you were in jail the day we arrived. Not many people would stand up to a bully or get involved in those kinds of situations, but you did and lost a potential client because of it.”

“Danny may have exaggerated some things. For one, that guy wasn’t really a client, and I damn sure wasn’t planning to get involved.”

“But you did stop him from beating on his son, right? I don’t condone violence, but I think what you did was commendable.”

Jackson shrugged, though the thought of the incident was enough to infuriate him all over again. “What kind of man punches his own son in the face? The kid was only twelve. All he wanted was to go out with his friends.”

Jackson felt her eyes on him, and didn’t like how her intense scrutiny was making him feel. He leaned forward and began sifting through their snacks to give himself something to do.

“You didn’t have to punch him back. You could have reported him.”

He tensed. That had been the same thing the officers and Danny had told him. But he’d never been good at thinking before reacting, especially when he was riled.

“Yeah, well, I figured if he wanted to fight someone, he could fight me.”

She was silent for a moment, before she spoke again. “Danny told me a lot about you and how you used to watch out for him and your mom when he was growing up. The way he talked about you, I thought you were a lot older than you are. Then we met and—”

“You realized everything Danny told you about me was a lie.”

“No, I realized why Danny admires you so much.” She sighed then. “I’m not trying to belittle or embarrass you, Jackson. I guess what I’m trying to say is that Danny has a big heart, and I see where he gets it. You have a lot of heart, too.”

Silence fell between them and Jackson returned his attention to the muted television screen. He turned up the volume, but his focus was far from the news broadcast of the advancing storm.

He was still reeling from her words. He knew how much Danny cared for him and how his brother foolishly held some kind of hero worship for him. But Jackson wasn’t used to hearing such praise from anyone else, much less someone he barely knew.

To have Truth see him in a different light other than what others in town saw him under was a foreign feeling. Aside from his brother, Jackson had never cared what anyone else thought of him. Yet, for whatever reason, he cared what Truth thought.

He cared a lot.

Suddenly, the lights flickered and went off. Jackson waited several heartbeats for it to return. When it didn’t, he cursed then cursed again. With the boarded up windows, it was pitch black inside house. Somewhere at his foot, Little Monster mewled and began climbing up his leg. Jackson scooped her up and placed her down at his side.

“Jackson?” Truth’s voice came out low and hesitant.

“Yeah?”

“I can’t see anything.”

“Me either. Just hang tight. I’ll try to find the flashlight.”

He continued feeling his way around the table for the flashlight or matchbox when he heard a glass tip off the table and crash to the floor.

“Sorry,” Truth muttered.

“That was you?”

“Yes. I was trying to look for the flashlight too. I think it was on my side of the table…”

They continued to search the table in the dark and mentally kicked himself for not having his phone near.

“Got it!”

Truth turned on the flashlight and swung it in his direction. Jackson brought up his arm to shield his eyes from the harsh glare.

“Great. Now how about we look for the candles so we don’t waste the battery.”

She swept the flashlight over the table until they found the candles and matchbox. They lit several of the small candles before switching off the flashlight. The room was lit in a soft, dim glow, enough for them to see each other but not clearly.

Truth tucked her legs beneath her and leaned back against the armrest. “So much for sleeping through the storm.”

“You just need to take your mind off it,” he said, absently running his hand over Little Monster’s back as she huddled at his side.

“How do you expect me to do that?”

How, indeed.

Outside, the rain pelted against the house as the wind continued to whistle and howl around them. He brought his legs up on the couch and propped himself against the armrest behind him.

“You can start by answering this very important question for me.”

“What?”

“Truth. What kind of name is that, seriously?”

She laughed. “It bothers you that much?”

“It’s just a little…weird. I need to know what your parents were thinking.”

“If you must know, my name’s a combination of my two grandmothers. Trudy and Ruth.”

“Hmm, that’s it? That’s the story behind your strange and unusual name?”

She kicked his shin. He grunted then bit back a grin as he rubbed his leg.

“I was just kidding.”

“Yeah, sure,” she muttered.

Suddenly, Truth picked up his wine glass and brought it to her lips. He found something sexy in the way she drank from his glass and this time he couldn’t avert his eyes.

“If you wanted me to tell you a story, all you had to do was ask. I have a great one for you.” She deposited the glass back on the table and settled into her corner of the couch. “It’s a love story about a bartending nursing student who meets a small town, smooth talking saxophone player.”

Jackson tensed. He didn’t want to talk about Danny or listen to the details of their relationship. Instead, he wanted to concentrate on the way her lips glistened from the wine in the dim candlelight, and how enticing she looked when she licked those lips.

He clenched his teeth and got a hold of himself. Maybe a story was just what he needed to remind himself that she belonged to his brother.

With a strained smile, Jackson folded his arms behind his head and nodded. “Okay, let’s hear it.”



Truth shifted as she slowly came awake.

For a moment, she was so disoriented, she didn’t know where she was. When she realized she wasn’t in her bed, she shifted again and nearly went flying to the floor.

With a sharp gasp, she latched on to the nearest thing.

That thing was Jackson.

She lifted her head to find herself lying on top of him. Her breast pressed against his abdomen and his firm chest served as her pillow. To make matters more devastating, his morning erection pushed insistently against her navel.

Shaken by that realization, Truth planted her palms on his chest and pushed off him. Jackson grunted and groaned as she scrambled to the other side of the couch.

The sudden rush of motion made her head spin. She closed her eyes and placed her hand on her temple.

“I knew all that wine was a bad idea.”

His voice was a bit rougher and deeper than usual and she realized she had just forced him awaken too.

“Jackson, what happened?”

“You just jabbed your elbow into my spleen.”

“I mean why are we sleeping out here? Together.”

Her memory of last night was hazy, but she remembered the storm and the power going out. She also remembered one very important point—absolutely nothing had happened between them.

“Never mind,” she muttered, rising off the couch. “We just need to get up now and—” She cried out as something sharp pierced her flesh and pain shot up the heel of her foot.

Jackson sprang up. “What’s wrong?”

Truth couldn’t answer him, she was in so much pain. She just cradled her foot on her lap and waited for the pain to subside.

Jackson grabbed the flashlight and brought the light to her foot. A long, thin piece of glass protruded from her foot. The sight of it only intensified her pain and Truth bit down on her lip.

“You must have forgotten about the wine glass you broke last night.”

Truth narrowed her eyes at him, not appreciating his smug tone. “Oh, shut up.”

He laughed. “Now you see why it was safer on the couch.” He swept the light over the floor then rose from the couch. “Here. Hold this.”

Truth took the flashlight he handed her then released a startled gasp when he lifted her into his arms.

“Jackson!”

“Will you relax? The first aid kit is in the kitchen and we need to get there before you start bleeding all over the place.”

She clutched at his shoulders, not used to being held up so high. “You could have told me that.”

“I just did. Now, if you’re done tearing off my shirt, I need you to guide my way.”

Truth released her grip on his shirt and turned the flashlight in front of them. When they walked into the kitchen, Jackson placed her down on the nearest seat.

She propped her foot on the empty seat in front of her. The shooting pain had lessened to a dull throb. She knew the glass would have to be pulled out soon, but she was not looking forward to it.

“Hang tight.”

Jackson went to one of the cabinets and began fishing around it. He pulled out a red first aid kit and grabbed a paper towel roll before he strode back to where she sat. He placed the items on the table then lifted her leg up before slipping into the seat in front of her.

He brought the flashlight closer and began examining her foot. “Does it hurt?”

“Yeah, but not as much as it did before.”

“Well, this is going to really hurt.” He jerked the piece of glass from her foot.

“Ouch!” Truth tried to jerk her foot off his lap, but he held it firm.

“Sorry,” he muttered. “But there wasn’t any way around that.”

“You could have warned me.”

“Hey. Didn’t I say it was gonna hurt?”

She narrowed her eyes at him. He chuckled.

“I’m kidding. Now, settle down before you get blood everywhere.”

He carefully tended to her wound, and to her surprise, she didn’t have to offer him any guidance. He handled her injured foot with tenderness and care. He was as gentle with her, as he was with Little Monster.

“Okay, this is going to sting.”

“Oh, now you tell—” Truth hissed as he applied an antiseptic wipe over the wound.

“Don’t give me that look. This time I warned you.”

Truth gripped the edge of her seat as she waited for the burning pain to pass. She thought of every foul word she had heard from her Bajan grandfather growing up. When Jackson started laughing, she realized she had muttered a few out loud.

“I’m guessing that’s your way of saying ‘thank you’ and ‘you’re the best’.”

“Something like that,” Truth muttered.

He smirked. “Liar.”

She rolled her eyes but bit back a small smile, despite herself. When he finished dressing up her foot, Truth examined his handiwork and nodded.

“This is good work, Nurse Jackson,” she teased. “You may just have a future in medicine, after all.”

He scoffed and began repacking the kit. “No, thanks. The sight of blood makes me queasy.”

“Really? You just tended to my bloody foot without batting an eye.”

“This was different.”

“How so?”

“You needed me.”

An unexpected warmth fluttered in her belly at those simple words. She stared at his bent head and when he lifted his eyes to hers, she smiled.

“Yeah…I guess I did.”

She held his gaze for a long moment. He wasn’t like anyone she had ever met before. Like an iron rose—tough on the surface, yet gentle at his core.

Suddenly, his expression hardened, and he turned his attention to repacking the kit. Truth sighed and slowly drew her leg from his lap, not sure what had changed between them but recognizing that something had.

“Thanks again,” she said quietly as she gingerly got to her feet. “We should probably go see how much damage that Alma did.”





Four





They were lucky.

By the time Hurricane Alma made it inland, she had been downgraded to a tropical storm and fortunately the damages hadn’t been too extensive. Aside from several fallen trees and torn roof shingles, the damage and clean-up around his home was manageable.

He could was certain he could have gotten a bulk of the clean-up done on his own, but Truth was insistent on helping him. He was concerned about her foot. She wanted to help out.

In the end, he grumbled and she ignored him. But despite his protests, they managed to work together and get a lot done.

“Damn it, you little monster!”

At Truth’s sudden shriek, Jackson rushed back to house. He found Truth standing there, thick socks covering her injured foot, as she held up the remnants of her brand name high-top sneakers. He grimaced at the sight of them. Just recently she was telling him how much they were her favorites.

“Where is she?” Truth demanded. “I need to give her a serious tongue lashing.”

“I don’t know, but I’m sure she’s sorry about it,” Jackson said. “She’s a biter, but she’s never destroyed shoes before. Maybe there’s something about your—”

Truth reached down and lifted up a tattered boot. Jackson instantly recognized his work boot and his words trailed off.

“Damn,” Jackson muttered. “Those were new.”

Truth came down the porch and tossed the ruined shoes in one of the large trash piles they had been assembling.

“You should really start to get her trained or she’s just going to chew you right into the poorhouse when she gets older.”

“Good thing I’m already poor, huh?”

She glared at him. “I’m serious. She’s a little menace now, but it will only get much worse if you continue to let her go unchecked.”

Jackson sighed. “I know, and I’m working on it. She’ll be the best behaved dog in Cedar Bend before you know. In the meantime, remind me to get you a new pair of sneaks.”

She stared down at her socked foot and blew out a long breath. “Don’t worry about it. I probably shouldn’t be wearing sneakers now anyway.”

Jackson followed her gaze. “How’s the foot today?”

“A lot better.”

“Good. Can you grab some of these bags and moved them with the others?”

She beamed up at him and he couldn’t help but return her contagious smile. It was that enchanting.

“What are we smiling about?” he asked.

“Just yesterday you didn’t want any of my help. Now today, I didn’t even have to ask.”

His smile widened, despite himself. “Don’t get carried away. It’s just a few bags of yard waste. I could have handled it.”

“Yet, you still asked me. That’s progress, my friend.” Truth began tying one of the bags closed. She tugged at it to secure the knot. “If you’re not careful, you might start to like it.”

“Like what?”

“Having me around.” With a sly grin, she began dragging the bag behind her.

Jackson watched her until she disappeared around the side of the house. Her words put thoughts in his head that had no business being there. If she only knew just how much he already liked having her around, she wouldn’t joke like that.

He had to remember that Danny would be home soon, and his brother’s presence would be the cold, hard reality check he needed to get his libido in check.

Jackson grabbed the end of his stained undershirt and wiped the sweat from his face and went back to work. He continued his task of cutting the fallen tree limbs into manageable pieces while Truth collected the rest of the lawn bags and gathered them into neat piles in front of the house. Later, he removed all the boards from the windows and Truth opened them to let in some fresh air into the house.

They continued working well into the afternoon, until the yard was cleared. Truth grabbed two bottles of water from the cooler and handed him one. They stood outside on the porch, both sweaty and exhausted, and surveyed their handiwork on the lawn.

“Now that is what I call team work.”

Truth raised her fist out to him. Jackson’s lips quirked, and he bumped it with his. She grinned, her light brown skin flushed to a soft pear wood. Her hair was pulled into a messy pony tail, and the sweat on her neck plastered a few loose stands to her skin. He couldn’t remember seeing a sexier woman.

She settled down on the porch steps, taking in the late afternoon breeze. Jackson followed her down and tilted the bottle of water to his lip to cool his heated thoughts.

Little Monster squeezed in between them then rolled on her back for a belly rub. Truth laughed and obliged her.

“Oh, sweetie, I can never stay mad at you,” she murmured, grinning down at the puppy. “You should really settle on a name for her so she doesn’t develop identity issues.”

Jackson cocked a brow. “Is that really a thing?”

“Sure it is.”

He wasn’t convinced, but shrugged. “Well, what do you have in mind?”

She glanced up at him in surprise. “For a name? I don’t know… But it should be something sweet. Like Honey or Cookie.”

“She’s not a dessert.”

“She could be. Just look at that face.”

Truth cooed down at Little Monster who was enjoying every minute of the attention. Jackson watched the two of them and couldn’t help but smile. Both of them had wandered into his life and somehow burrowed their way into his heart.

Except, one of them he couldn’t keep.

“So what else is on the agenda today?” Truth asked.

“I still need to check the roof for any leaks,” he said. “But that can wait until later.”

“If you give me a few minutes to rest my arms, I can go up there with you.”

From the adamant look on her flushed face, she was obviously serious.

“I don’t think so, Wonder Woman. I’m not going to have Danny wring my neck because you decided to break yours trying to do men’s work.”

She narrowed her eyes at him just as he knew she would, and he bit back a smile. He didn’t know why, but he found it sexy when she looked as if she wanted to claw his eyes out.

“You know what, Jackson Matoa?”

He grunted as he took another long swallow of the cold water.

“You’re a hotdog.”

Jackson nearly choked as laughter burst out of him. “Do I even want to know what the hell that even means?”

She laughed too. “It means one of a kind.”

He cocked a brow. “You, Truth Richards, are one pretty little liar.”

“Fine, you want me to call you an American pig, I’ll call you an American pig.”

He gaped at her. He was so stunned, and a little impressed by the insult, that he burst out laughing again. “Are you Bajan babe’s always so feisty?”

He waggled his brows and she rolled her eyes, though he didn’t mistake the smile she tried to suppress. Before she could follow-up with a comeback, her cell phone rang. She dug it out of her pocket and brought it to her ear.

“Hello.” There was a brief pause before she answered again. “Yes, speaking…”

Her brows tugged together in confusion as she turned and stared ahead. “Excuse me, but what is this regarding?”

Suddenly, she whipped back around to face him. He had never seen anyone’s face lose color so fast. Jackson came instantly alert.

“Truth? What’s wrong?”

But she didn’t answer him. She simply shook her head, her eyes glazed as she continued to stare at him blankly. Her odd behavior freaked him the fuck out.

“Give me the phone,” he demanded. Instead, it slipped out of her hand and he caught it before it fell. He realized the caller was still on the line and brought the phone to his ear. “Who the hell is this?”

There was a short pause before a woman spoke. “My name’s Tracy Mills. I’m with the National Transportation Safety Board. May I please speak with Mrs. Richards?”

“I’m her brother-in-law,” Jackson barked. “You can speak to me.”

“Oh.”

The woman paused again for a moment and Jackson’s heart thudded in his chest. Deep down in his core, he knew what he was about to hear next.

“I’m sorry, sir. There’s been a terrible accident.”



Truth sat on the couch, unable to stop rocking.

She didn’t know how long she had been sitting there in the dark, waiting for Jackson. It seemed as if time had frozen, yet the reality was that it was going by faster than ever.

Two weeks had passed since the news of the charter plane crash that had claimed the lives of nine people, including her husband’s. It hadn’t seemed real then and it didn’t seem real now.

At twenty-five, she was already a widow.

This wasn’t supposed to happen. She was supposed buy a home, have children, and grow old with her husband. But she would never have that with Danny.

I didn’t even get to tell you I passed my test.

That sudden thought echoed in her head, and fresh tears sprang in her eyes. The devastating reality of Danny’s loss flooded her again, almost doubling her over. But Truth quickly blinked the tears away. Tonight, she didn’t have time for tears.

She needed to be clear headed when she told Jackson what a horrible brother he was.

My brother may be a lot of things, but deep down he’s a good guy…

Danny’s words echoed in her head, yet they only fueled her rage. Jackson was nothing but a selfish, insensitive bastard.

The news of losing Danny had been unexpected and traumatic for both of them, but she had never expected Jackson to leave her to deal with it all alone. With each day that passed, he stayed out longer, and she saw less and less of him.

Today, however, was the tipping point and she planned to wait up for him as long as it took for her to give him a piece of her mind.

When headlights flashed across the window, Truth jumped up from the sofa. She pulled back the curtain and was surprised to see a tow truck pulling up. A tall, dark man got out of the truck and went around the passenger side where Jackson sat, slouched.

The man helped Jackson out then half carried and half dragged him toward the house. Truth pulled open the front door and waited. She didn’t know what to say, so she said nothing. She simply stepped aside while the man brought Jackson inside.

“Where can I put him?”

“The couch.”

Truth regretted her sharp tone. She had to remind herself that people still expected her to be civil, even if she was angry and disappointed and extremely sad.

The man stopped in front of the couch and dropped Jackson down. He sat slouched, his head drooped forward, and Truth turned away in disgust.

“How much do we owe you, Mr…?”

“Call me Damian,” the man said. “And there’s no charge. I just wanted to make sure he got home all right.”

Truth nodded stiffly. “Thank you for that, Damian.”

“No problem.” He dug into his pockets and pulled out a set of keys. “You may want to hold on to these. I’ll unhook his truck and—”

“Actually, why don’t you hold on to them,” she said. “When he sobers up, he can come get them from you.”

Damian hesitated for a moment then stuffed the keys back in his pocket. “Okay. He knows where to find me.”

He started toward the door and Truth followed. Just before she could lockup after him, he paused and turned back to her.

“You’re Danny’s wife, right?”

A lump formed in her throat at the sound of his name, but she managed a quick nod.

“I just wanted to say that was a nice memorial you had for him today.”

“Thank you.”

It was barely a whisper, but it was all she could do not to weep right then and there. She didn’t know him, couldn’t even remember meeting him at the service, but he had showed up for Danny. Just like countless others had to come pay their respects.

Everyone except Jackson.

Locking the door behind Damian, Truth leaned against it. She let the tears flow down her face, unable to hold back her despair. Jackson had been the one face she had looked for in the crowd of strange faces today. He was the one person she had wanted to latch on to because he was the one person who knew exactly how painful Danny’s loss was.

But he hadn’t showed up today and she had been forced to deal with it alone.

Truth pushed away from the door and started to her room. She made it a few steps before she stopped. She couldn’t go to bed with all this hurt and anger bottled inside her. She marched back into the living room and stood over Jackson. He hadn’t move from his slumped position.

“Jackson, wake up.” When he didn’t budge, she kicked his leg. “Jackson!”

He groaned and jerked his head up. “Wha… Truth?”

His rheumy eyes were glazed over, but she couldn’t be sure it was from tears or too much alcohol. She figured the latter. She hadn’t seen him cry since the news of the accident that took Danny from them.

“Jackson, we need to talk.”

“What time is it?” His slightly slurred words came out low and he placed a hand over his face.

“It’s late. Very late. If it wasn’t for your friend Damian, you would have probably spent the night at the same place you have for the past few days.”

“Would you lower you voice?” he growled. “My head is fucking pounding.”

“I don’t care. A headache is the least you deserve after what you did. Was getting drunk more important than coming to Danny’s service today?”

Her words must have sobered him a bit because he removed his hand from his face and fixed her with a cold glare. “If you want to cry over an empty grave, go right ahead. Just leave me the fuck out of it, all right?”

Her hands balled into fists at her sides, and she held on to her rising temper and anguish. Not being able to recover Danny’s body after the crash had been yet another blow. But it didn’t stop her from buying a plot so they could have a place to mourn him and lay his spirit to rest.

“Today was very important, Jackson,” Truth said thickly. “It was for Danny and you of all people should have been there.”

There was a dangerous glint in his eyes before he turned away from her. “Are you finished? Because I’m done listening to your crap.”

He struggled to his feet and the last thread of her patience snapped. She shoved him back down on the couch. His intoxicated state made it easy, and he fell back into the seat.

“No, you’re going to listen to what I have to say.” Truth studied him, trying to get a glimmer of his feelings, but couldn’t see past the wall he put up. “What’s the matter with you? What kind of brother are you? Danny loved you so much and you…” She scoffed and shook her head in disgust. “The least you can do is pretend to give a damn about him.”

Without warning, Jackson seized her robe and jerked her forward. She tried to jerk back but before she knew what was happening, he had her pinned down on the couch. He leaned over her, his broad face so close she could smell the alcohol on his breath.

“Who the fuck do you think you are, huh? You just got here. You don’t know shit about me or how I felt about my brother. No one cared about him more than me. No one. Not you and certainly not anyone in this town.” He came down closer, his dark eyes flinty. “That goddamn funeral was your idea, but I don’t need anyone’s pity. I don’t need their condolences or their fucking pats on the back. What I need is my brother back.”

His voice cracked at those last words. With an anguished cry, he dropped his head on her chest. She lay there frozen, jolted by the harsh, wounded sounds coming from him. The sudden outburst of emotion was startling, and filled with grief, she was certain this was the first time he was letting himself succumb to the pain.

“Oh, Jackson,” she murmured, her voice thick with her own tears. She wrapped her arms around him and pressed a kiss on his hair. “I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry.”

She had underestimated his suffering, expecting him to display his pain for all to see. But that wasn’t him and she should have recognized that.

Truth continued to rub his back gently, until the storm of emotion passed. He remained still above her, his face buried in the crook of her neck. For a moment, she wondered if he had fallen asleep.

That thought instantly flittered away when he pressed his lips lightly against her throat, his facial hair tickling her skin. Her breath caught at the gentle caress and her fingers clutched at his shirt.

He continued moving his lips along her neck before he lifted his head and stared down at her. His dark eyes were a luminous pool need and despair, and their gazes remained locked for some time. She tried to discern the thoughts he kept buried behind those guarded eyes, but all she could see was immense sadness.

Without thinking, Truth brought her fingers to cheek and brushed away the dampness there. He shut his eyes and rested his forehead against hers.

“You should have been mine.”

Those words were spoken so low, she wondered if she had imagined them. Yet, before she could process it, he brought his lips down to hers and she stilled.

The moment his lips touched hers, everything around them ceased to exist. His lips moved over hers gently at first, almost hesitantly, until the spark of passion that simmered between them ignited. He kissed her deeply and thoroughly, and she returned his fervor with a burst of her own.

The inferno between them was just as she remembered that first day in his kitchen, but this time she didn’t push him away. She couldn’t.

God help her, she didn’t want to.

Suddenly, Jackson jerked his head back and she was left bereft from the lost contact. Their breaths came out fast and shallow, and she realized she was still clutching at his shirt yet couldn’t seem to loosen her death grip on him. She needed him in that moment…needed him more than ever.

But it wasn’t up to her.

He pulled away from her and sat back on the couch. “What the hell am I doing? This isn’t right.”

Truth followed him up. With trembling fingers, she tucked the loose strands of her tousled hair behind her ears. There was a lingering taste of his tangy sweet liquor on her lips, and that served as a cold dash of reality as to what had just happened between them and what it all meant.

“Jackson, that…didn’t mean anything. You’re drunk and we’re both…upset.”

He swung sharp, angry eyes toward her—eyes that didn’t seem all that impaired. “You can save the excuses, Truth. I’m not that drunk, and we both know that meant something. But as much as I want to fuck you right now, I can’t do that to Danny. He…” Jackson stared down at his hands, the muscles in his jaw flexing. “He really loved you.”

She swallowed. “Jackson—”

Suddenly, he bounded to his feet with a harsh curse. “He had no business on that fucking plane. And you… You should have never—”

Jackson cut off his words and Truth tensed at the unfinished accusation. She knew what he was going to say, but wanted to hear it from him.

“Go ahead. Say it.”

He shook his head and ran his hands through his hair. “I’ve got to get out of here.”

Without sparing her another glance, he headed toward the door. Truth flinched as it slammed behind him.

You should have never asked Danny to come home.

Her heart weighed heavily at that unspoken truth. If she hadn’t pushed Danny to come home early, he would have never gotten on that charter plane. He would be getting ready for his next tour, doing what he loved and chasing his dreams. But because of her selfishness, her husband would never come back to her.

Truth didn’t move from where she sat for a long time, trying not to let her grief consume her. It was nearly dawn when she came to another heartbroken realization.

Jackson was the only connection she had to Danny, the only family she had here in this small town…

And he hated her.





Part Two





“I’ll follow thee and make a heaven of hell…”



-William Shakespeare,

A Midsummer’s Night Dream





Five





Present day…



“Hmm, that’s new,” Truth muttered as she drove pass a large billboard with the words “The people of Cedar Bend welcomes you” scrolled prettily across. It had only been a year and yet everything felt so…different.

She trained her eyes on the long stretch of road, trying not to lose her resolve. Coming back to the small town she had vowed never to return to felt like a betrayal to herself. Yet, staying away for so long felt like an even bigger betrayal to Danny.

Jackson needed her, and she owed it to Danny to make sure his brother was okay.

Liar.

She could hear Jackson’s voice as vividly in her head as if he were sitting beside her. She wrestled with the truth of why she was really returning to this bleak, small town. She had very little happy memories of the place. She had followed her husband here and had lost him in just a few short months. There was nothing for her here.

The last few days before she had left Cedar Bend, he had unapproachable. She had secretly hoped they could learn to lean on each other for support, but he had remained shut off from her and everyone around him. In the end, she had known it was time for her to leave and so she had without even a goodbye from him.

Yet, one phone call from him and she had come back running.

She shook her head at herself. “I hope you know what you’re doing, girl.”

I should’ve never let you go…

Truth replayed Jackson’s slurred words in her head again. The words had been a bit muffled, but she recognized the rich baritone of his voice. He could have been drunk for all she knew, but something in the way he had spoken those nearly inaudible words had made the hairs on her arms stand.

You should have been mine, Truth. And Danny, he should…

That’s when his words had stopped, and she hadn’t been able to get another response from him. He wasn’t answering her calls or returning her messages and for her peace of mind, she had to come see him.

As Truth drew near to Jackson’s home, a knot began to form in her belly. She spent the past year avoiding any contact with Jackson, and he had done much of the same. Though she had hated how things had parted between them, she had been glad for the distance, almost relieved. Seeing Jackson in pain had been just as hard for her to watch then she had imagined, and she had her own grief and guilt to contend with.

But now that the pain of losing Danny had eased a bit, she could face Jackson again. Whether he still despised her, and blamed her for Danny’s death, she knew she couldn’t go on without making sure for herself that he was all right.

Jackson is the greatest guy I know, but for whatever reason, trouble seems to just follow him.

Truth remembered Danny’s words about his older brother, spoken so affectionately. Despite Jackson’s many flaws, Danny loved his brother and had looked up to him. Regardless of what Jackson thought of her, she couldn’t completely turn her back on him now.

She owed it to Danny.

It took another half hour before Truth pulled up to the dirt lot of the secluded one-story home. She inwardly winced at the sight of the place that had been her home for a few short months. The lawn was overgrown with weeds, what little grass was left was dead from thirst and neglect, and the baseboards of the house was covered with dirt and grime.

For a moment, Truth wondered if Jackson had abandoned the place but then again, his pick-up truck was parked in front of the house. It was just as filthy and, with the grass and weeds stretching up along the tires, it looked as if it hadn’t been moved in weeks. Maybe even months.

Truth pulled up beside the truck and hesitated before shutting off the engine. She was taking a chance that he was even home, much less still living here. Though she tried to think of a reason why Jackson would let his family home fall under such conditions, she couldn’t think of any.

“You made it this far…”

You can’t turn back now.

Afraid she would lose what little resolve she had, Truth got out of the car and climbed up the short porch steps. In front of the door was a stack of mail being held down with a rock.

“What in the world is going on here?” she muttered to herself.

With a small frown, she picked up the bundle and stuffed it in her purse. Taking a deep breath, she raised her fist and gave the door several hard knocks.

There was no answer.

She knocked again and waited but there was no response. Truth leaned to the side and peered through the windows. The blinds were drawn, and she couldn’t see a thing inside.

Truth pulled out her cell phone and instantly dialed Jackson’s number. It also went unanswered. She hung up and looked around again, not sure what to do next. She tried the door knob and wasn’t surprised to find it locked. She thought about the key she had left behind when she had moved out last year and almost wish she hadn’t. Then again, she had never anticipated stepping foot back here.

She walked back to her car and leaned against the hood. She would give him one last call and if he didn’t answer, she was calling the police to do a wellness cheek.

As the phone started to ring, Truth waited for the automated voice message to pick up.

“What, damn it?”

Truth was so surprised by the low, angry growl that filled her speakers, she nearly dropped the phone. “Jackson?”

“Who’s this?”

There was a slur in his words that Truth couldn’t pinpoint. He could have been asleep or drinking, though either scenario were preposterous since it was two o’clock in the afternoon.

“Jackson, it’s me. Truth.” There was a long pause and for a moment she thought the connection was lost. “Hello?”

“What do you want, Truth?”

She jerked in surprise by the abrupt, emotionless question. “I just wanted to check in on you. I got your…message the other night. You didn’t sound like yourself and I was…worried.”

“Well, I’m still alive so no need to concern yourself.”

She pursed her lips. Sure, he was physically all right, but she couldn’t be certain how he was doing emotionally or mentally? From his obscure voice message, he didn’t sound like he was coping very well at all.

“Jackson, where are you right now?”

“In bed. Why? Wanna join me?”

“Stop being an ass,” she snapped. “I’m trying to have a civil conversation with you.”

He mumbled something, and she decided to take it as an apology.

“If you’re home right now, why didn’t you answer the door?”

“What are you talking about?”

“I’ve been knocking on the front door for about five minutes now. Why didn’t you answer?”

“You’re here?”

She looked up at the house again. “Yes, I’m standing right outside.”

He cursed then suddenly the call was disconnected. Truth stared down at her phone, confused. She waited a few seconds for him to call her back. When he didn’t, she pushed away from her car and started toward the house.

Before she could reach the first step of the porch, loud barking came from inside. It was loud and deep and vibrated around her. She froze and stared at the door, horrified by the booming sounds coming from behind it.

As the noise grew closer, Truth began to inch away, barely registering the bag that had slipped from her shoulders. She didn’t stop until she was once again pressed against the hood of her car.

Suddenly, the front door swung open and a massive dog bolted out. Truth shrieked as it came charging toward her, and she scrambled on top of the hood of her car. She stared in dismay as the large fawn colored dog planted its enormous paws on the edge of the car and continued to bark at her. The car bounced violently on its tires and Truth held on for dear life as the dog continued shaking the air around her with its loud barks.

“Daisy! Get back here!”

It took Truth a moment to register Jackson’s harsh command, but when she did she realized he was calling out to the giant dog.

Daisy?

Truth’s gaze remained fixated on the large animal barking voraciously at her. This beast was a far cry from a delicate flower.

“She’s harmless. I promise.” Jackson released an ear-piercing whistle and Daisy instantly quieted.

Truth tore her gaze away from the dog and brought them up to Jackson’s. He stood on the porch, supporting himself on a pair of crutches. Besides the sunken fatigue around his eyes and his unusual pallor, he was as big as she remembered, yet looked more wild and feral than the dog trying to climb on top of the car with her. He was shirtless with only dark gray boxers on and was in desperate need of a shave and haircut. But what really drew her attention was his left leg and the thick white cast that started from his knee and stopped just above his toes.

“Come here, Daisy.” The dog turned and bounded up the stair to where Jackson stood. “Good girl. Stay.”

Truth watched with fascination as the dog sat back on her haunches. Jackson was already a tall man, yet the dog’s broad head nearly cleared his chest.

“You can come down now,” Jackson said. “She won’t bite. She’s just excited to see you again.”

“Again?” Truth stared at the dog, incredulous. “I’ve never seen that dog in my life!”

His lips curved slightly with amusement. “I think you just hurt her feelings. My sweet girl isn’t that forgettable, is she?”

Truth frowned at him then glanced back down at the dog. Her wide pink tongue hung out of her mouth and a fat drool splattered on the porch. Suddenly, realization hit her, and her mouth fell open.

“Little Monster?”

“She goes by Daisy now.” Jackson smiled down at the dog and scratched behind her ears. “She’s not so little anymore, but she still has a little bit of monster in her.”

Truth continued to stare at the dog she remembered holding in her arms. As she scrambled down from on top of the car, Daisy’s ear’s perked up. Truth gingerly made her way to the pair, still bemused. She was nearly the same height as Daisy.

“What happened to her?”

“She grew up.”

“But it’s only been a year… How is it possible she grew five extra feet in one year?”

Jackson shrugged. “She’s an English mastiff. That’s what they do. They get big.”

Truth reached out to pet her, but Daisy licked her hand before she could. Truth laughed and shook away the excess moisture.

“Hello to you too, sweetie.”

“Looks like she really missed you.”

“I missed her too.”

She glanced up at Jackson then and found his dark, penetrating gaze unnerving. She wanted to know just how much he had missed her. But then that would be foolish of her to think that he even had.

Truth brought her gaze down to him injured leg and stared pointedly at it. “And what happened to you?”

“I got hit by a car.”

Truth head snapped up and once again her mouth fell open. “What? When?”

“About two months ago. It’s no big deal.”

“No big deal? Are you crazy? You could have been killed! Why didn’t you tell me?”

“Why would I?”

“Because we’re family now and—”

“Truth, we barely know each other and the one person we both cared about is…” The muscles in his jaw flexed. “You don’t have to feel obligated to keep in touch with me, and you certainly don’t have to check up on me.”

His easy dismissal hurt, but Truth simply stared at him, letting the awkward silence fill the space between them. It was true that they didn’t really know each other, but that didn’t change the fact that he was her husband’s brother and in need of someone to be here with him. She may not be the person he wanted around, but from what she can tell, she was all he had.

They were both all each other had.

“Whatever you might think, Jackson, I didn’t come all this way out of some sense of obligation. I was genuinely concerned about you and now I can see just how right I was to be.”

“Well, I’ve been managing just fine without you, so thanks for dropping by but I don’t need you here.”

Truth lips tightened with annoyance. He was barely taking care of himself, much less his home. He may not want her here, but he certainly needed her.

“All right.” She stooped down and picked up her bag where she’d dropped it. Digging into her purse, she pulled out the large stack of letters and handed it to him. “Well, I picked up your mail for you.”

Jackson shifted his weight to one side and reached for the letters. Before he could take them, she let the letters fall from her hand.

“Oops. Sorry.”

For the first time, she saw genuine surprise in his dark eyes as he stared down at the letters before he brought his gaze up to hers. When she made no move to retrieve them, his expression hardened.

“Aren’t you going to pick those up?”

She cocked a brow. “I thought you could manage without me.”





Six





She came back.

Jackson’s gaze followed Truth around the bedroom as she picked up the scattered clothes and empty food cartons. She hadn’t changed much in the past year she’d been away. She was still as beautiful as he remembered.

Then again, there was nothing to remember because he had never stopped thinking about her. It had been hard not to think about her while she had been hundreds of miles away, he didn’t know how he was supposed to suppress his feelings for her while she was under the same roof with him again.

“I’m sorry about the mail earlier,” she said, placing the stack of letters on a neat pile on his nightstand. “But I had to prove my point and you left me no choice.”

He grunted. “Yeah, that was a shitty thing to do.”

Guilt flashed across her face, and he instantly regretted his harsh tone. If it hadn’t been for the pain medicine making him loopy, he would have pushed back more on her decision to stay and play nurse-maid to him.

Though, the more he tried to do on his own, the more pain he brought on himself. From the constant growing pain in his leg, he knew he was overextending himself too soon and as his pain grew, so did his need for pain killers. And he didn’t want to depend on another substance to dull his pain.

Maybe it wouldn’t be the end of the world if he allowed Truth to help him out a bit. Though, it didn’t look like he had much of a choice.

“Won’t your job miss you if you stay away too long?”

“No.”

“Why not?”

“Because I’m technically unemployed.”

He frowned. Was that why she was really back? She had no place else to go? Or had she…

“Don’t tell me you quit your job to come back here.”

She looked over at him in surprise then. “No, of course not. I signed on with a travel nursing agency and was working at a hospital in Connecticut for three months. My contract ended there, and I could have picked up another assignment, but I decided to come here instead.”

Jackson relaxed a bit. As much as he’d dreamed about this moment when she’d be back, he didn’t want to ever be the cause of her putting her career—or anything else, for that matter—on hold.

“When are you heading back?”

She shrugged. “I don’t know yet. I think I had enough of the north for a while.”

“Where were you before Connecticut?”

“Chicago and then New York. I thought I would enjoy the city life, but that didn’t happen. Add in the frigid winters and coming back here was a no brainer.”

He studied her. So she was here to stay. He didn’t know for how long, but he was relieved to know he hadn’t completely scared her off.

You should have mine.

He groaned internally at his stupidity for confessing those words not once but twice. The first being last year when he’d gotten drunk and done things he hadn’t. The second, had been just a few days when he’d been high on pain killers. In his stupor, he’d been trapped in a deep dream with her in bed with him. She’d been looking at him with those beautiful, soft dark eyes of hers and all he could think about was how much he wanted to be inside her.

Eventually, he’d awaken to find his phone in his hands and his last call had been to her. It wasn’t until he’d heard her voice messages that he realized it had been more than a dream.

Those were the words he remembered speaking had spoken to her. When he’d awaken, he’d found his phone his hands and the last call had been to her. He knew what his message had probably consisted of and not only did he regret the words, he was embarrassed by them.

She’s not yours.

He needed to remember that. No matter how badly he wanted it otherwise.

Truth went to his closet to tuck away his scattered tennis shoes and boots that had been spewed around the room before the accident. He started to tell her that he preferred it if they were lined up outside his closet but was distracted by the view of her figure from behind.

Despite her petite frame, she had a curvy frame that was evident from her tank top and fitted jeans. He could make out the outline of her lush thighs, and he let his gaze wander down the length of her. In one swoop, his imagination began to conjure up other thoughts, like how her shapely legs would look wrapped around his—

Jackson instantly tore his gaze away from her.

“Did you have lunch already?”

“No, but I’m not really hungry.”

“You should still eat something anyway, Jackson.” She turned away from the closet and started toward the door. “I’ll go fix you something fast.”

“Truth…”

But she was out of the room before he could protest further.

Jackson sighed and propped himself up higher against the headboard. He reached for the stack of letters on his nightstand and began sorting them, many of which were overdue bills. He sighed and tried not to let the stress of it all discourage him from his plans.

Suddenly Daisy burst into the room and climbed into the bed beside him. Jackson grimaced as the mattress took a sharp dip and the springs groaned loudly under her weight.

“Sooner or later, this bed won’t be able to support both our weights.”

Daisy grumbled low in her throat in response before settling into her spot and resting her head on her paws. Jackson rubbed behind her ears.

“Okay, don’t say I didn’t warn you.”

He sifted through each envelope, until he had pulled out the most important three. Setting aside the rest, he tore open the first letter. He skimmed through it, but he didn’t need to get far to know this would be yet another let down.

He threw the letter aside and ripped opened the next one. It started the same way.

Dear Jackson Matoa: Thank you for your recent loan application for your small business, but we regret to inform you…

In frustration, he crumbled the letter in his fist and threw it across the room. Daisy’s ears perked up, but she didn’t lift her head. That made it his forth rejection. Hopes of getting his woodworking business up and running was quickly fading away and he had no one to blame but himself. He was the one who had drowned his grief at the bottom of a bottle for a year and had completely abandoned his original plans to start his business.

Jackson looked down at the last envelope on his lap and, without hesitation, ripped it in half. Just more depressing news, he was sure. Just as he was about to toss the pieces across the room, Truth came back carrying a tray topped with a large bowl, a glass of water, a half sleeve of crackers, and a sliced peach.

When had he gotten peaches?

“I hope you don’t have a big appetite,” Truth said as she carried the tray over to him. “You didn’t have a lot for me to choose from.”

Jackson stared at the tray, his mouth watering. “I’m not really hungry,” he lied.

She placed the tray on the bed beside him and he immediately reached for the steaming bowl of chucky beef stew. He ignored the heat burning his fingertips through the porcelain and brought the bowl to his lips. His tongue suffered a few blisters, but his stomach was elated. He managed to get down half the bowl before he reached for the pack of crackers and wolfed down a handful of them.

When he glanced up, he found Truth staring at him, her eyes wide with amazement. Jackson wiped a hand across his mouth and rested the bowl down on the tray.

“Okay, maybe I was a little hungry.”

“I can see that. When was the last time you ate?”

He shrugged. “Yesterday, I think.”

She frowned disapprovingly. “I really wished you had called me sooner, Jackson. How long have you been managing on your own like this?”

“I was released from the hospital a few weeks ago.”

He didn’t mention it was his lack of health insurance that had forced him home sooner. The hospital had tried to arrange a patient care assistant to come every other day to help him around, but that was just another bill he could afford to do without.

Truth sat on the edge of the bed and Daisy immediately shifted to rest her head on her lap. Truth sat tense for a moment before she gingerly began to run a hand down Daisy’s back. A warmth he couldn’t explain spread through him as Jackson watched the two most important ladies in his life develop their own special bond.

“So, are you going to tell me what happened to your leg?”

Jackson returned his attention to his food, specifically the sliced peaches. “I told you I was hit by a car.”

“I know, but where did this happen? And how?”

He swallowed the last bite of his peach and leaned against the headboard with a sigh of contentment before he told her everything.

“I had just left a bar and was walking along Route 85. It was night and pretty dark, from what I remember. I must have been walking too far out on the road, because next thing I knew I was waking up in the hospital in a shit ton of pain.”

Truth’s hand stilled above Daisy and her dark eyes eclipsed her slender face. “Oh my god, Jackson. You really could have been killed.”

Suddenly, her eyes became glassy and her gaze took on a faraway look. Jackson knew she was thinking about Danny and his untimely death. He knew she was because his brother was never far from his mind. And after the accident, Jackson had his cast and the occasional pain to serve as a reminder of how short and unpredictable life was.

“Well, I wasn’t as you can see,” he said bluntly. “I just ended up with a broken leg, and once this cast is off, things will finally return back to normal.”

Then she would be gone.

As much as he knew it was for the best, he resented the idea. Jackson shook his head at himself and forced some common sense back into his head. She had only been back for a few hours and already he was getting too attached.

“When will the cast be removed?”

“Next week.”

“The man who ran into you, was he arrested?”

Jackson slowly shook his head, deciding not to correct her. It wasn’t important who had hit him. The deed had been done and he was grateful for it.

“No, there was no point to it. The driver wasn’t intoxicated. I was. And in my condition, I had no business walking out there in the dark.”

She chewed her lip for a moment, staring at him with concern. “About the drinking…you haven’t had any since you left the hospital, have you? Because the mixing it with the medication—”

“I know, Truth. You don’t have to give me a lecture on the dangers of drugs and alcohol. I haven’t had a drink since that night and I plan to keep it that way. I wasted a year letting myself get shitfaced. I won’t let myself go back to that.”

The corner of her brows turned down and he couldn’t stand the pity he saw in them. He hadn’t meant to say all of that, but a part of him needed her to understand that he was much stronger than he had been a year ago.

“Jackson, I know how hard this year must have been for you. It’s been hard on me too.”

The muscles around his neck and shoulders tensed at the direction the words were taking. The last thing he wanted was to compare notes of their grief, or discuss how they had been coping with Danny’s death.

“If you ever want to talk—”

“Actually, I’m getting a bit worn out,” he interrupted. “If you don’t mind, I’d like to get some sleep.”

An awkward silence lingered between them until she finally rose from the bed and picked up the food tray.

“Sure,” she murmured. “Get some rest. Just call out if you need anything.”

Jackson shut his eyes and didn’t open them until he heard the silent click of the door pulling close. He hated the dejection he heard in her voice, but he couldn’t do anything about it. She wanted him to share feelings he struggled every day to keep buried.

If that was her intention, it was going to be a long, miserable week. The best thing for him to do would be to avoid her.

Yet, how could he when he didn’t think he could take her leaving him again.



Truth sat down on the edge of the bed and glanced around Danny’s old room.

It was just as she remembered it. He had joked that the room was hers to do what she liked, but she had left it exactly how he kept it. She understood why Danny had made the offer. He had wanted her to feel at home here, while he was off traveling the world with his band.

But she should have been with her husband.

Unfortunately, her circumstances hadn’t allowed for it and she had been left here to live with the most infuriating man she had ever met.

Now, one year later, Jackson was more a pain than she remembered.

Well, what did you expect?

The way they had left things last time had not been pleasant for either of them. Without notice, or even a goodbye, she had accepted a position with a travel nurse agency and had been on the first flight out. She was certain he hadn’t even noticed she was gone until months later.

Now, she was back, forcing her way into his life.

Truth sighed and fell back on the bed. As much as she tried to disguise, she couldn’t fool herself. She was hear because she cared about. More than she should. She still thought about that moment in his arms, and with those thoughts came all the guilt and shame. She should miss Danny’s kisses the same way she craved Jackson’s. But she didn’t, and that to her felt like the biggest betrayal.

Suddenly, a loud crash came from the other room. Truth bolted up in the bed. It was followed by a loud thud, and she jumped up from the bed. Slipping into her bathrobe, she rushed down the hall to Jackson’s room. Another loud thud came from inside and Truth hurried her steps.

“Jackson?”

When he didn’t respond, Truth threw open the door and found him leaning against the wall, trying to reach for his fallen crutch. His head ripped over at her as he braced his weight on his other leg.

“Damn it, Truth. Can’t you knock?”

She went to him and picked up the crutch, ignoring his surliness. Something she was getting good at.

“What are you doing out of bed?”

He took the crutch from her and started toward the door. “I need to take a piss.”

Truth followed closely after him as he carefully limped his way to the bathroom. “Didn’t the hospital give you some portable urinals to use at home?”

“The last thing I want to do is piss in a plastic tube and have it sitting on my nightstand.”

Truth pursed her lips. When would he get it through his thick skull that he was still in recovery?

“The more strain you put on that leg, the longer you prolong your recovery. You really need to stay off of it.”

“I will as soon as I take care of my business.”

“Do you need any help?”

Jackson froze at the bathroom doorway and threw her an incredulous look. “Help me piss? Get real.”

Truth rolled her eyes. “I’m a nurse, remember? I’ve helped plenty of people to the bathroom. It’s no big deal.”

“I’m not one of your patients, honey. I’m bigger than you and not as weak as you think.”

“Oh, yeah? Then why are your arms trembling?” When he didn’t acknowledge that bit of scrutiny, she forged on. “I may be half your size, but I’m stronger than I look and there’s nothing wrong with needing help. Even if it’s coming from someone smaller than you.”

“Well, when I need your help playing with my joystick, I’ll yell for you.” He hobbled into the bathroom and shut the door in her face.

Truth frowned at the closed door. If he thought he could shock or get a rise out of her with his crassness, he would have to try harder.

“I spent three months working in a hospital in the Bronx, Jackson. You can’t scare me off. I’ve heard and seen it all.”

He didn’t respond, and she didn’t expect him to. She waited patiently for him to finish so she could escort him back to his room. When the door finally came open, they didn’t say a word to each other. She just followed behind him again until he eased himself back into bed. Truth reached for the crutches, but he waved her away.

“I got it.”

Truth stood close, ready and waiting in case he needed her. As he propped the crutches against the nightstand, her gaze fell on the two prescription bottles there. One was already empty, and the other was almost there. Truth frowned and picked up the amber bottle. She was certain she had moved them into the medicine cabinet when she’d been cleaning up earlier.

A quick scan of the bottle revealed that it was indeed running short and the prescription had recently been filled. She couldn’t understand why he needed such strong medicine when over-the-counter painkillers would have been enough.

She then remembered what he’d told her about his drinking and she glanced at him, concerned. Was he trading one substance for another just to numb the real pain he refused to talk with her about?

Her hand tightened around the bottle then she slipped it into the pocket of her robe.

Jackson swung his gaze toward her. “What was that?”

She hesitated for the briefest of moments. “Your pills. I’m taking them with me.”

“Why?”

“I think it’s best if I administer them to you. Make sure you’re sticking to your dosing schedule.”

His face hardened. “Stop treating me like an addict. I’m not self-medicating, now put them back.”

She shook her head. Whether it was intentional or not, he was clearly over medicating yet barely over his dependency to alcohol. She had come back to help him recover and that included all of him.

He would have to learn to face his pain head on or find another way to cope with it.

“Sorry, Jackson, but I can’t do that.”

“Damn it, Truth, this isn’t up for debate. I—”

“I’m glad you realized that,” she interrupted briskly. “Good night.”

She quickly left his room, not giving him a chance to fight her on this because she wasn’t backing down.

Not on this.





Seven





Truth stared down at her fully loaded trunk and wondered if she had gone overboard with the shopping. Then again, the way Jackson ate she may not have bought enough.

She chuckled at that and slammed the trunk shut. She was relieved that the awkwardness of last night hadn’t spilled into that morning when she’d brought him what breakfast she could scramble together from his meager food supply. He had eaten with just as much voracity as he had yesterday, and she was pleased. A strong appetite meant he was truly getting better.

Truth got into her car, plugged in Jackson’s address into her GPS, and got on the road. For a small town, she still struggled to find her way around. It was easy to lose her way around in the small streets. She began following the route back to his home. She didn’t recognize the route, but she trusted it was the correct way. After ten minutes of driving, she started to question the navigation map.

As she continued to follow the directions, the area drew some familiarity, but it wasn’t toward Jackson home. When the high, iron gates came into view, Truth instantly recognized the cemetery she had visited almost a year and a half ago.

She didn’t know what possessed her to drive directly toward it but that was exactly what she did. She pulled into an empty lot and just sat there for a moment. The anniversary of his death had passed a few weeks ago and she hadn’t been here to place fresh flowers on his headstone. What kind of wife was she?

Tears welled in her eyes and this time there were too many for her to blink away. She let them slide down her cheek as despair and guilt flooded her. She would have never imagined that it was possible to love one man and desire another if she hadn’t found herself in that exact situation. There was no denying that she had loved Danny, that she had been looking forward to spending the rest of her life with him, yet there had still been that small part of her that had not been able to forget the brief passionate kiss she had shared with Jackson.

The guilt of it still ate at her, but she remembered how he had simply pulled her into a warm hug and told her not to worry about. He may not have blamed her for what happened, but she held enough for both of them.

Truth blinked away the sheen of tears that began to gather in her eyes. She hadn’t been the greatest wife that she could admit, and she couldn’t say if she had properly mourned his untimely death. She had simply left Cedar Bend and tried to forget this place.

And forget Jackson.

With a jerky breath, Truth threw the car in reverse and pulled out of the lot. She couldn’t visit him right now.

It just didn’t feel right.

Somehow she found her way back to Jackson’s home without the use of her GPS. When she pulled up, she was surprised to see another car pulled into the driveway.

Truth grabbed as many of the bags as she could carry and started toward the house. She was aware of the absence of Daisy usual bark of welcome when she entered. It was in the kitchen where she found Jackson sitting at the table, his crutches propped behind his chair. He glanced over at her.

In the kitchen with him was young woman leaning against the counter. Her pretty face stretched into a wide grin of greeting.

“You must be the help.”

Truth stiffened then slammed the grocery bags on the counter. “Actually, I’m Jackson’s sister-in-law.”

The other woman quickly lost her smile glanced nervously at Jackson. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean anything by that. Jackson said he finally had help and I assumed… Never mind.” The women pushed away from the counter. “I’m Savvy. Nice to meet you…”

“Truth,” she said, taking the other woman’s hand. Awkward silence fell between them again as Savvy glanced between her and Jackson.

“Well, I should get going,” Savvy said a bit too cheerfully. “Jackson, I’ll check on you later.”

“Sure, he said simply. It wasn’t until Savvy was half way out of the kitchen before he called out, “Thanks for the peaches.”

It was then that Truth noticed the produce lining the counter. There was an array of fresh fruits and vegetables. From tomatoes and lettuce leaved to oranges and avocado. Piled in a basket, was a healthy amount of peaches.

Truth turned to Jackson. “She brought you all of this?”

He shrugged. “Yeah. I think she has a garden or something.”

Truth glanced down at her bags and thought about the many more she still had in her car. That thought annoyed her.

“You should have told me she was coming with all this. I wouldn’t bought so much.”

Jackson shrugged again. “I didn’t know she was coming over, much less bringing all this with her.”

“Will there be any more lady friends stopping by to check in on you?” she asked tightly. “I will gladly make myself scarce.”

Jackson’s sharp gaze moved over hers searchingly before he said just as curtly, “Look if you’re pissed at me about something, just go on and say it. I don’t have time for your mind games. Or what it is you women like to play.”

Truth began to seethe. He was right. She was pissed. But she was too angry to figure out what upset her the most.

“You are something else, Jackson. You have people who obviously care about you and instead of appreciating that, you brush them off as if their time and presence mean nothing.”

He narrowed his eyes at her. “What the hell makes you think that?”

“Your help? Is that all you think of me, Jackson? Really?”

“What the hell else do you want me to call you? My sister?” He scoffed. “News flash, Truth. You’re not my goddamn sister. I never wanted you to be.”

Truth sucked in a sharp breath as the sting of his words pierced through her. What did she ever do to make him dislike her so much?

She turned away from him so he wouldn’t see the tears she was frantically blinking away. Behind her, she heard the scrap of the chair as he rose to his feet. As much as she wanted to ignore him, the medical professional in her wouldn’t allow it.

She turned and found him struggling with his crutches. Without a word, she started toward him, but he stopped her.

“I’m not hungry.”

“You should still eat some—”

“Truth, I have a fucking headache. I’m going to go lay down. Is that all right with you?”

He didn’t wait for her response. He limped out of the kitchen. As her gaze followed after him, she quietly asked herself how much more of this she could take. She’d had her fair share of difficult patients, but Jackson was proving to be the most difficult.



Fuck.

His leg hurt.

The heavy throbbing in his leg jerked him awake. Jackson gritted his teeth against the sharp pain but still it persisted, until nausea rolled in his gut. He rolled to his side, propped himself on his elbow, and turned on the light. He winced from the brightness of the light.

A quick glanced around the nightstand yielded nothing. Where the hell were his pills?

Truth.

Jackson propped himself up and the small action only intensified the pain in his leg. He drew in a sharp breath as he waited for it to reduce back down to heavy throb. At his distress, Daisy brought her large head up.

“Truth!”

Silence greeted him, and it was then Jackson realized just how dark it was outside. A quick glance at the clock said it was just as late. He had practically slept the day away.

“Truth!”

He called out her name two more times, followed by a series of loud barks from Daisy before she came rushing inside his room. She was dressed in a thin night gown and her hair was wild around her head. It was obvious she had been deeply asleep and for a moment he felt guilty as hell for waking her.

But the pain in his leg quickly forced it away.

“Jackson, what is it?”

“I need my pills,” he managed through clenched teeth. “Hurry.”

She ran to the connected bath and came back just as quickly with the prescription bottle and a cup of water.

He reached for the medicine bottle, but she pulled it out of his reach. She sat the cup down before she worked out two large pills from the bottle.

She handed him the pills, and he quickly swallowed them.

“Here.” She shoved the cup of water toward him. “Drink this too.”

He began to push the cup away, but realized his throat was dry and the pills were forcing their way down his throat.

He downed the cup with one swallow and waited but the pain was still just as intense.

“I need another one.”

Truth came back with another cup of water and Jackson shook his head.

“No. Another pill. The pain isn’t going away.”

Truth set the cup down and sat down on the bed beside him. “You need to relax, Jackson. Take your mind off it.”

He glared at her. “My leg’s fucking killing me. How the hell am I supposed to relax?”

Her eyes turned sympathetic and to his surprise she planted her palms on his bare shoulders and pushed him back on the bed.

“Lay back and shut your eyes. The pain will fade away soon.”

Jackson didn’t want to lay down. He wanted another damn pill. But if her palm on his bare skin hadn’t been distracting enough, the light strokes down his head was. Her gentle touch sent soothing currents down his body, until he no longer noticed the pain. Instead a different throbbing began to form just above his leg. There was nothing sexual about her tender touch yet his cock still began to harden.

He jerked his head away from her touch and turned slightly to his side. Away from her and her tantalizing hands.

“It’s better now. Thanks.”

“Do you need me to get you anything else?”

“Nope. Good night.”

She shut off the light on his night stand and quietly made her way out of the bedroom. He knew he wasn’t making it easy for her to care for him, but he couldn’t help it. While she was trying to be the doting sister-in-law and caring nurse, he was dreaming about her naked and straddled over him.

The last thing he wanted to do was embarrass or offend her with his hard-on, but he would be damned if he let her think he was happy letting her play the dutiful sister-in-law or the caring nurse. He didn’t want her to be anything other than his woman.

But that could never happen. Not with Danny between them. How could he ever face himself in the mirror if he took his baby brother’s wife to bed?

He was many things, but he had never taken anything away from his brother. And he wouldn’t start now, no matter how badly he wanted Truth. He couldn’t do that to Danny.



“Would you relax, Jackson? The doctor will be here any minute.”

Jackson frowned over at Truth. “What’s taking them so damn long? We’ve been waiting for almost an hour.”

“Well, this is a hospital, not a restaurant. You wouldn’t want the doctors to rush his visit with you, now would you?”

“Actually, I would,” he grumbled. “I’m ready to get this damn cast off.”

“It will be. Just hang tight.”

She squeezed his arm gently, and Jackson wondered if she knew what she had done. She certainly didn’t know how her light touches affected him or else she wouldn’t make them.

After about another ten minutes, the doctor finally came into the exam room. She was younger than he expected but it didn’t matter to him any, so long as she got the hard casing removed from his sore, itchy leg.

“Hello, folks. I’m Dr. Parker.” A tall woman in a white lab coat came into the exam room. “Sorry for the long wait, but we’re a bit short staffed today.”

Jackson grumbled. Truth gave his arm another squeeze. This time a bit more forceful.

“We understand,” Truth assured her. “He’s just anxious to get that cast off.”

The doctor approached the bed where he sat propped and began examining his leg. “Has there been any complications? Discomfort?”

“Not more than usual,” Jackson said.

The doctor nodded and jotted down notes inside his file. “Okay, good.”

She placed down the chart and began arranging the cast removal tools on the tray. Truth offered her help, but Dr. Parker politely declined. Then she cocked her head to the side and stared at Truth.

“You look familiar,” the doctor said. “Were you a patient here?”

“No, I was a part-time nurse. I worked in urgent care for a bit.”

“Oh, right. I think I remember seeing you around there. Where are you working now?”

“I’m actually between hospitals now. I just came back to help Jackson around.”

“Well, we’re always looking for a few good nurses, if you’re interested.”

Truth’s eyes widened, and she glanced at him, uncertainty plain on her face. “Thank you, but I already have my hands full with my current patient.”

“Hey, don’t turn down an offer for paid work on my account,” Jackson said. “I don’t need a full-time babysitter.”

Truth shot him a quick glare, but her lips stretched into a strained smile. “I’ll consider it.”

“Please do,” Dr. Parker urged then picked up a small saw and turned to him. “Now, let’s get this thing off you.”

“About time,” Jackson muttered.

That earned him another arm squeeze. The doctor worked quickly yet, diligently. Before he knew it, his sore leg was exposed, and he welcomed the cool air to his sensitive skin. It prickled as a rush of cool air brushed against his slightly numb flesh. Jackson gritted his teeth against the strange sensation and discomfort.

“Your leg looks like it’s healed nicely,” Dr. Parker said. “We’ll need to take some x-rays before you leave but I don’t imagine you’ll be using a cane long.”

“A cane?”

Dr. Parker chuckled. “Did you expect to dance right out of here, Mr. Matoa? You’ll be needing a cane for a few more weeks before I’d recommend you putting your full weight on that leg.”

Jackson frowned, not liking the idea of still being limited in what he could do, though a cane certainly beat out having crutches. He wanted to hurry and get back to feeling like himself again so he could start setting his plans into motion.

“Dr. Parker, now that Jackson’s pain is not as severe, can you write him a prescription for ibuprofen instead?”

The doctor glanced at him. “What are you taking now?”

“Hydrocodone,” he told her.

“Okay, I think we can get you on something milder.” The doctor scribbled down a few more notes then glanced between them. “You two hang tight. Someone will be in to take you down for x-rays.”

When the doctor left them alone, Jackson turned to Truth. He didn’t question her medical suggestion. She was an experienced nurse after all, but he had to get one thing straight between them.

“I’m not addicted to pain meds, Truth.”

Her gaze didn’t waver from his when she said, “I know, but the prescription you’re on now is a strongly addictive painkiller. You’re better off with a non-opioid drug.”

He nodded stiffly, and awkward silence fell between them again. She stood by the bed, her stance tense as she concentrated on whatever was on her phone.

“Look, Truth, when I suggested you take the job, I didn’t mean anything by it. I just feel—”

“You don’t need my help any more now that the cast is off. I understand.”

Jackson frowned. It was clear that she didn’t understand. How could she when he didn’t understand his need to have her near yet as far away as possible. Getting a job here would ensure that she stayed around a little longer, and he wanted her here with him.

A nurse came into their room, brandishing a wheelchair. “We’re ready for you, Mr. Matoa.”

Jackson was grateful for the interruption. He folded himself into the chair and they started down the hall to the x-ray room, Truth walking stiffly beside him.





Eight





“Who was that on the phone?”

Jackson laid down his cellphone on his lap, the look of astonishment on his face pulling her curiosity further. She had just finished making breakfast for them and would have come into his room sooner if she hadn’t heard what sounded like a serious phone call.

“It was the bank,” he murmured.

Truth place the breakfast tray down on the nightstand and straightened. “Why are they calling this early?”

He stared at her for a moment, then after a brief pause told her about his plans to start his carpentry business. He told her about the many applications he had placed and the many rejections that had followed.

Truth took a seat beside him on the bed, tense and anxious about what was to come next. “And did this bank call with good news or bad?”

His lips stretched to a small smile. “I got the loan.”

From the look on his face, she could see how much of a surprise this news was for him. She could also see the excitement he tried to mask.

“Oh, my god, Jackson. That’s awesome!” Without thinking, she threw her arms around him and gave him a tight hug. “I’m so proud of you. Congratulations.”

His arms wrapped around her waist and he held her close. “Thank you. That really means a lot.”

Truth pulled away and stared at him, smiling at him like a loon. She found it cute the way he suddenly turned bashful. It was clear he wasn’t used to hearing those words.

“This is really exciting, Jackson.”

He sat back against the headboard and let some of his own excitement show. “I can’t fucking believe it myself. This is actually going to happen.”

“Did they tell you what the next steps were?”

“Yeah, I have to go down to the bank and meet with the financial advisor and sign some paperwork.”

“Well, let me know what day you’re going. I’ll clear my schedule.”

He shook his head. “You don’t have to do that, Truth.”

“I know that, but I want to. Besides, you’ll need someone to drive you.”

“No, I won’t. I can drive myself.”

Truth’s back stiffened, and she stared at him for a moment. Since he no longer had the cast, he probably could start doing his own driving. But despite being free from his cast, she still felt he needed to take it easy on his leg.

For the past couple of days, he hadn’t made too much of a fuss about her continued support. Now that he was going to embark on something this important, she wanted to be there for him. It hurt that he didn’t want her help.

“Look, Jackson. I know you don’t really need me anymore, and you don’t really want me around, but I want to be there for you, Jackson. This is a great opportunity for you and I just want to show you some support.”

He regarded her silently for a moment and when she played back her words in her head, she wanted to kick herself. She hated how desperate she sounded. As if she needed him to want her. And maybe she did.

Truth bit back a sigh. She was pathetic.

“Truth, I never said I didn’t want you around,” Jackson said quietly. “You being here is what got me this far in my recovery. And I really appreciate it. But the main part of my recovery is learning to do a lot of these things on my own. And with this…”

He looked down at his lap then brought his gaze back up to hers. This time, his gaze was earnest. “This, I need to do on my own. I need to. It’s important to me that I do this on my own. Can you possibly understand that?”

She swallowed wondering how she could be so dense. This wasn’t about her. This next stage in his life was pivotal in getting his life back on track. He was so damn proud and arrogant that she knew he needed to get there standing on his own two feet.

“Yeah, I get it, Jackson. I do.”

He nodded, and seemed to relax some.

“When’s the appointment with the loan officer?”

“Tomorrow at two.”

“Tomorrow!” Truth jumped up from the bed and began tugging at his arm. “We have to hurry!”

She went to his closet and began tossing him some clothes.

“Hurry for what?” he demanded, following her up.

“We need to get you a haircut and shave and maybe a new dress shirt.”

“Why? I can’t afford to spend money I don’t have.”

Truth sighed with exasperation and planted her hands on her hips. “You’re about to meet with some important people who are going to loan you thousands of dollars for a startup business. Do you really want to go there looking like you’re fresh out of hibernation?”

He opened his mouth then shut it and ran his fingers through his beard and hair. “I look that bad?”

“Let’s just say if there was an APB out on wild looking lumberjack, you would be picked up before I finished snapping my fingers.

“Okay,” he said, reaching for his cane. “I’ll drive.”



“We need you to make him look business rugged, Mr. Drysdale,” Truth said to the barber. “Can you do that?”

The older man took a quick glance over at Jackson at his chair and sighed heavily. “I’ll try.”

Truth didn’t like the sound of that. She pulled out her phone and did a quick search. She found exactly what she was looking for—the August 2013 issue of GQ with Hugh Jackman on the cover.

She turned the phone to the barber. “I want you to turn Jackson into this.”

The barber rubbed his chin and squinted at the picture. He glanced at Jackson again then turned back to her. “I’ll try…”

Truth smiled and dropped her phone into her purse. “I’m sure he’s in good hands.” She turned to Jackson and gave him a reassuring pat on the arm. “Listen, just shut your eyes and let Mr. Drysdale take care of you. He can’t possibility make you look any worse.”

“Gee, thanks,” Jackson muttered.

“I’ll be back in about an hour, but call me if you need me.”

“Where are you going?”

“I saw a boutique a few stores down. Maybe I can find you a nice shirt in there.”

He nodded. “I’m an XL. And if you see Gloria, tell her I said hi.”

“Yeah, sure,” she muttered. He was certainly taking for granted that she had only been in town for a few weeks and didn’t know who any of these people were.

The walk to the boutique was longer than she expected, but she enjoyed the stroll down Main Street. There were a lot more shops here than she expected. She did as much window shopping as she dared. It was already late afternoon and some shops were already closed for the day.

Truth hurried to the boutique and was relieved to find it still open.

“Hello,” and older woman with short curly hair and large eye glasses greeted. “May I help you find something?”

“Yes, I’m looking for men’s dress shirts.”

“Right this way.”

Truth followed the woman to a rack with a wide selection to choose from. Unfortunately, none were in Jackson’s size.

“Are these all you have, ma’am?”

“Please call me Gloria. And yes, this is what we have in store but we’re happy to order something if you’d like. Do you have a particular style in mind?”

“So you’re Gloria? Jackson wanted me to say hi to you.”

Gloria’s expression softened. “How’s he doing since the accident? I know it’s kept him home a lot.”

“He’s doing well now. I’m actually here to find a shirt for him, but I don’t see any in his size.”

“Oh, why didn’t you say so? We have more sizes in the back. I’ll go grab a few.”

Gloria dashed toward the back of the shop and Truth browsed the quaint but cozy shop, passing rack after rack of stylish dresses, tops, and even a few gowns. She didn’t stop until she came in new of three margins dressed in beautiful wedding dresses. They were all lovely but only one stole her attention. It was slim at the bust and waist with a long flowy skirt made mostly of tulle.

She had always imagined her ideal wedding dress to be simple yet elegant. There was nothing simple about this dress, but it certainly beautifully elegant and just the kind of dress she could imagine herself in.

Truth shook her head at herself and turned away from the dresses. She had been married and widowed at twenty-five. As far as she was concerned, she was never getting married again.

She needed to focus on her task at hand and not get distracted by pretty dresses.

As she started back toward the rack with the men dress shirts the shop door swung open and the bell jingled loudly. A young cop walked in and Truth thought he looked so out of place in the stylish boutique with his police uniform and gun that she could only stare at him.

“Aunt Gloria,” he called out his hands at his hips. “I’m here now. What’s the emergency?”

Gloria came rushing out from the back, a deep scowl on her face. “Would you lower your voice, Mike, I have customers.”

He cocked a brow and quickly scanned the shop.

“I hate to break it to you, antique, but it’s quieter than church in here.”

It was obvious the man didn’t see her off to the side so Truth stepped forward.

“Are these the shirts, Gloria?”

Mike swung his head to her, his eyes rounding. “Oh sorry, miss. I didn’t see you there.”

“No problem, officer. I tend to get that a lot when I’m not wearing heels.”

Gloria dumped the piles of shirts on the counter with a loud thud, drawing their attention back to her.

“Sorry for the wait, dear. Mya and I are going to have to do another round of spring cleaning.”

Truth stepped toward the pile and began sifting through the ones she thought would good on Jackson.

“Shopping for someone special?” Mike asked.

Truth bit back a smile and nodded. “Something like that.”

“Please tell me you’re not married.”

Her movements froze, and he glanced down at her hand before he muttered a curse.

“Sorry. Of course a beautiful woman like you would be taken.”

Truth glanced down at her wedding band and swallowed. “Actually, I’m not. I mean, I was. But he…passed.”

“Mike, go be useful and place those mannequins up on the window for me.” Gloria practically shoved him away. “Thanks.”

Truth looked through the piles of shirts and selected two that would look good on Jackson.

“So, how long are you in town?” Gloria asked as she rang up her items.

For a moment, she had to think about it. In a strange way, this place was her home and now that she was back she was in no rush to leave. But she also wasn’t enough to think that she could continue living with Jackson after he got well.

“Until Jackson is fully back on his feet,” she said handing over her credit card.

“Well, don’t be a stranger. We have some new fall dresses coming in next week and my daughter-in-law makes wonderful body wash and hand creams.”

Truth smiled graciously and took her bag. “Thank you. I’ll have to try some.”

Before Gloria could make it around the counter to walk her out, Mike came out of nowhere.

“I can lock up after her, Aunt Gloria. Why don’t you go check out the work I did with the mannequins?”

Gloria shot him a look before giving her a big smile. “Have a good night, Truth. And please give Jackson my love.”

“I will.” Truth followed Mike to the door and wasn’t at all surprised when he didn’t open it immediately.

“Listen, about what I said earlier…”

“It’s fine, really,” Truth assured him. “There was no harm done.”

He visibly relaxed. “Still, I’d love to make it up to you. How about dinner sometime? Or coffee. I’m flexible.”

She bit back a smile. It had been a while since she’d been asked out by a guy who didn’t start off his sentence with “Yo, baby” but dating again seem too big a step for her right now.

“I’m really flattered, deputy…” Her gaze fell to the badge at his shoulder. “Justice.”

“Mike. I’m off duty.”

“Okay, Mike. As much as I would love to, I really don’t have the time right now.”

“Did I mention I’m flexible? It doesn’t have to be tonight. I’ll be hungry again tomorrow.”

She laughed despite herself, and his warm brown eyes were dangerously alluring.

“Tell you what? How about I take a rain check?”

His smile widened. “Deal. Now all I’ll need to validate it is your number.”

She laughed again and gave him her cell phone number. He entered it into his phone then let her out of the store.

“Good night, pretty lady.”

“Good night, deputy,” she called over her shoulder. Truth hurried back to the barber shop only to find out Jackson still wasn’t finished. Considering what he had looked like when he’d walked in, she shouldn’t be surprised.

She sat down in one of the empty seats in front and waited for him to emerge from the back, where he’d been taken for a share.

She picked up a magazine and began flipping through it. She didn’t have long to wait, however. She glanced up at the commotion coming from the back and nearly did a double take. Jackson careful maneuvered him with his crutches and all she could do was simply gawk at him.

He was gorgeous.

Still rugged, with his trim beard and moustache, but beautiful. The barber had cropped his hair stylishly and tailored it to fit his broad features. And the groomed look enhanced his dark brown eyes. He was strikingly handsome, and she couldn’t seem to look away.

When his eyes landed on hers, his lips curved into a crooked grin.

“I take it you approve?”

She nodded numbly. When she realized she was still staring at him stupidly, she hopped out of her seat and grabbed her bags.

“It’ll do,” she said coolly. “Mr. Drysdale gets an A for effort.” She reminded herself to leave the barber a big tip.





Nine





“How did the meeting go?”

“It went great,” Jackson said. “I got my account set up and should be able to get my workstation set up soon.”

“That’s awesome. Jackson. Just be sure not to overdo it with your leg. You don’t want to undo all the progress you’ve made so far.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

She patted his arm and rose from the sofa. He grabbed her hand and pulled her back down. She stared at him curiously. Suddenly he cleared his throat, looking a bit embarrassed.

“I got you something.”

Her eyes rounded. “You did? Where is it?”

She glanced around the room and he chuckled.

“Since you are not going to be coy about it, here you go.” He pulled out the shopping bag and handed it to her.

“Nope. Not when it comes to presences. Now gimme.” She grabbed the bag with both hands and pulled out the shoe box.

“I know it’s long overdue, but I hope you like them.”

She pulled open the lid and then burst out laughing. Her delight must have been contagious because she found him grinning easily over at her.

“Oh, Jackson. I love them!”

She pulled out the white and blue hightops and held them up. “They look almost exactly like my old pair. Where did you find these?”

“A shoe store.”

She laughed and rolled her eyes. “I figured as much. But you didn’t have to go through the trouble.”

He shrugged. “It wasn’t far from the bank. And I figured since it was long overdue, I’d surprise you.”

“Well, since you put it that way…” She slipped off her shoes and pulled on the stylish sneakers. She stood up to test them out then smiled down at him

They fit perfectly.

Suddenly, she fell back down onto the sofa and gave him a tight hug. “Thanks, Jackson.”

His arm came around her waist and they held each other for a second longer than they should have. Truth breathed in his alluring musk as his nose nestled in her hair. Her nipples tightened and pushed against the soft fabric of her bra.

She knew she should pull away from him, but all she wanted to do was get even closer to him. She wanted to feel the hard planes of his chest pushing against her aching breasts.

But he took that possibility away when he pulled out of her arms. Truth immediately released him and cleared her throat. She avoided meeting his gaze, embarrassed by her unexpected neediness. He was only trying to be nice and here she was ready to jump his bones.

“Uh, I should probably head to the shed and get some work done.”

“Yeah, right. Of course.”

Jackson rose to his feet, and Truth busied herself slipping out of her new shoes and repacking them in the box. When he didn’t immediately start toward the door, she mustered enough courage to glance up at him.

“I was thinking…” He cleared his throat and ran a hand across the back of his neck. “If you’re free this weeked, maybe we can go and check out the fair. I figured it would be nice for us to get out of the house more.”

Truth smiled broadly, her heart fluttering at the thought of being out with him. Even if it was strictly platonic for him, she was excited by the idea that he wanted to spend time with her too.

“Yes, I’d love to go out with you tonight.” Her face flushed warmly when her words finally registered. “I mean, go with you. To the fair.”

The corner of his lips kicked up and again her heart fluttered at the small, sexy action.

“Cool. Let’s plan for Friday night.”

She started to agree then remembered she couldn’t. “I can’t. I start my shift at the hospital that day.” His face fell and she rushed to add, “Let’s make it Saturday instead.”

Truth spent the rest of the afternoon giddy and full of anticipation. It wasn’t technically a date and yet she was excited at the prospect. While Jackson worked in his shed, she kept herself busy with some housework, which helped pass the time. That helped pass the time.

It was late in the afternoon when she heard the distinct sound of a car door slam. She frowned and went to the window. A tall, slender man climbed out of an old, beat-up tow truck. She had never seen the man before and from the deep scowl on his face, it was clear he wasn’t here for a friendly visit. And he was headed directly toward Jackson’s truck.

Without hesitation, Truth rushed outside and called out to the man.

“Excuse me, sir. May I help you with something?”

The man whirled around to face her, surprise and irritation plain on his hard face. “No, ma’am. I found what I came here for.”

“You’re taking his truck?”

“Yes, I am.”

“I’m sorry, but I can’t let you do that. Not without some paperwork or something.”

His frown deepened. “I don’t have to show you shit. I’m here to do my job and repo this truck.”

“You need to show me some legal documents of this or I’ll have to call the police for trespassing.”

The man scoffed then sneered, “Suit yourself, lady, but I’m not leaving here without that truck.”

Truth debated what she should do next. The man was clearly determined and there was no way she could physically stop him. The other option was getting Jackson involved, but she knew his temper would only further escalate the situation. With some patience, maybe she could reason with the man.

Truth ran down the short steps and hurried toward the man. “Exactly how much does Jackson owe you?”

“He doesn’t owe me anything,” the man said. “He owes the bank.”

“Okay, then can I write you a check for the outstanding balance?”

The man simply shook his head and started toward the back of his truck.

“Wait, please.” Truth ran after the man and blocked his path. “You can’t take the truck. He needs it for his work.”

“Not my problem. Now move out of my way, lady. I don’t have time for your shit.”

She reined in her own temper, hoping to win the man over with civility even if he didn’t bother to practice any. “Can you just please give us a minute to strengthen this out? I’m only asking for a minute!”

The man walked around her and tried latch the hook in front of the car. Truth ran in front of it and block him again.

“God damn it, lady. I said move the fuck out of my way.”

“Hey!”

They both jumped at Jackson’s harsh shout. He rushed out of the shed and hurried toward them. He didn’t have his cane and Truth instantly worried for his leg.

“Don’t you fucking talk to her like that.”

The man’s stance was rigid, and his face was still pulled into a fierce scowl, but his tone lost a lot of its hard edge when he spoke to Jackson. Truth found the sudden change in him irritating.

“Look, Jackson. I don’t want any trouble. Tell your lady to move, so I can do my job.”

“You want the truck, Doyle. Fine. Take it. Just watch your fucking tone, all right?” Jackson turned to her and held out his hand. “Come on, Truth.”

“But Jackson, you—”

Suddenly, Daisy came charging toward them from the back of the house, barking viciously.

“What the fuck?” Doyle jerked back, nearly tripping over himself. “Keep that thing away from me!”

“She doesn’t bite,” Jackson snapped, though he grabbed Daisy by the collar and held on to her. Daisy sat down on her haunches beside Jackson, but continued barking at the man. “Daisy, quiet.”

With one whistle from Jackson, she stopped her barking, but the growls rumbling from her throat were terrifying. Truth had never seen her like this and for a moment, she was suddenly afraid for the man.

“I don’t need this shit,” the man muttered then rushed back to his tow truck.

Truth released her breath as the man started his truck and drove off. “Good riddance,” she murmured.

“Don’t ever do that again, Truth.”

She turned to Jackson, stunned by the harshness in his tone. His eyes were fiery embers as they bore into her.

“What did I do?”

“You put yourself in harm’s way and it was stupid. What if you had been alone, huh? He could have seriously hurt you.”

Truth was struck by the rare panic she heard in his gruff voice. She hadn’t once thought she was in any real danger with that temperamental bastard, but apparently the thought had crossed Jackson’s mind and he’d been afraid for her. She didn’t know how to respond to that.

“I think he was all bark and no bite. Like our Daisy.”

Jackson’s lips tightened, and his expression remain hard despite her attempt at lighting the mood.

“When a man like that talks to a woman like he just did, you don’t know what he’s capable of. And I know that bastard. He has no problem putting his hands on a woman or kid.”

Truth swallowed and glanced off at the direction the man had sped off in. “I guess I’m so used to dealing with men and their tempers, I figured I could handle him.” She turned back to Jackson and his gaze took on a strange intensity as he stared down at her. “Don’t worry. Next time, I’ll keep my distance.”

“Hopefully, there won’t be a next time.” He turned and started toward the house with Daisy following closing behind him.

“Where are you going?”

“To call the bank and pay off that damn truck,” he said over his shoulder.



Jackson was surprised when he entered the kitchen to find it empty. Usually at this time, Truth had breakfast on the table. Even when she was upset with him. Maybe now that he was getting better she was scaling back on the home cooked meals. Though a hot meal was always nice, he actually looked forward to sitting and eating with her in the mornings.

With a small shrug, he poured out Daisy’s breakfast and went and fixed himself some cold cereal. He was pleased to see how much faster he could more with the care versus the crutches. But by the time he was done with his simple meal and cleaned up, Truth had still not come out of her room.

He checked the time. It was well pass ten o’clock. Jackson frowned. He’d never seen her sleep in past nine. Of course, there was a first for everything, and may be this was nothing, but his gut told him otherwise. He grabbed his cane and started toward her room. Danny’s room.

He hadn’t been in there since Danny’s death and if he had his way, he wouldn’t be going there now but something was wrong, and he needed to find out what.

He knocked on the closed door once.

“Truth?”

When there was no response, he knocked again. There was still no response.

“Truth, I’m coming in.”

He didn’t wait for a response this time. He pushed the door open and was surprised to see how dark it was inside. The curtains were drawn and in the center of the bed was her petite frame, baked up in a fetal position.

Concern drove him to her side and rushed to the bed, wishing he could move much faster with the cane. He stared down at her small frame, the covers pulled over her head. He gently shook her shoulders and was relieved when she finally responded—even if it was low, barely audible moan.

“Truth, what’s wrong?”

Jackson pulled back the covers and Truth released another moan. She made a weak attempt to grab the covers and apparently gave up the attempt and curled into a tighter ball.

“What do you need, Jackson?”

“Nothing. Why are you still in bed?”

“Because I’m tired. And cold.”

He frowned and placed his palm over her forehead. “You are burning up. How long have you been like this?”

“I don’t know… I just need some rest then I can make us breakfast.”

“Truth, it’s almost noon.”

Her eyes sprang open. “What? Why didn’t you wake me?”

She shoved the covers aside and attempted to climb out of bed. She barely made it up before she fell back onto the mattress.

“Truth, you need to get back in bed.”

“I can’t. I start my new shift at the hospital in a few hours. I need to shower and—”

“You’re not going anywhere. I’ll call the hospital and let them know you’re calling out tonight. Now lay back down.”

To his surprise she didn’t argue with him.

“Okay, but only for a bit. Then I’ll…”

Her eyes drifted close and she was soon asleep. Jackson pulled the covers back over her and quietly left the room.

And she called him stubborn. She didn’t sound congested and her high temperature meant she was coming down with the flu. She spent so much time taking care of others—of him—that she didn’t recognize when it was time for her to take care of herself.

Well, now it was his turn to take care of her and he planned to do the best damn job of it.



Something rough and wet ran across her face and Truth jerked her face away. She opened her eyes to find Daisy’s large face staring down at her, slobber falling from her hanging tongue.

Truth groaned

“Daisy, get down.”

Truth turned her head to find Jackson ambling toward her bed his cane on one hand and a tray in his other. The tray jostled in his hand slightly, but he managed make it to her side without spilling anything.

“What time is it?” Her voice sounded low and strained, and apparently she didn’t have the strength to lift her head.

“A little after two,” Jackson said placing the tray down on the bed. “But don’t worry. I already called the hospital to let them know now to expect you.”

“Thanks, she murmured, letting her eyes drift close again.”

“Oh, no you don’t.” He sat down on the edge of the bed beside her and tugged her up to a sitting position and propped a few blankets behind her. “You need to get some fluids in you.”

Truth knew he was right but all she wanted right now was sleep. “Do you have any cold and flu medicine?”

“Yup. Got some right here.”

Truth swallowed a cap full of the syrupy medicine and managed to take down some of the chicken broth.

“I’m finished, thanks.”

Jackson took the tray away and set it aside. “How are you feeling now?”

“A little better. Not as weak.”

He placed his palm over her head and nodded. “You’ve not burning up like you were this morning either.”

Truth unconsciously ran her hands over her hair. She could only imagine what she looked like. But she needed to focus less on what she looked like and get to the heart of the issue.

“Would you grab my nursing bag? It’s near the door.”

Jackson made the short trip without his cane and she was glad to see that he was steadily getting better.

When he brought the bag over, Truth opened it and pulled out her thermometer. It took seconds for her to see that her body temperature was dangerously high.

“We need to get you to the hospital,” Jackson blurted when he took the thermometer from her.

There was deep concern in his eyes that made her heart warm. For all his surliness, he did care about her. Maybe even more than just a little.

“No,” she said. “It’s high but it’s not critical. I just need more rest and water.”

“You got it.”

He rose from the bed and within minutes he brought back a pitcher of cool water, a clean glass with a straw, and a bottle of generic over-the-counter medicine.

“What else I can do?”

Truth worried her lip, debating whether she should ask his help for this one thing. Now she understood the reluctance from her many patients when it came time to ask for help voiding their bowels. She didn’t want Jackson to see her like this, much less help her to the bathroom, but she couldn’t be certain her weak legs would carry her that far without support.

“Um, I do need your help with one more thing…” She shut her eyes against his intense gaze and fell back into the pillow. “This is so embarrassing.”

It took him only a second to realize what it was she needed and without a word, he helped her out of bed.

“Come on. I got you.”

He supported much of her weight as they made their way to the bathroom. If he recognized the irony of their situation, he didn’t comment on it. He simply propped himself on his cane and held her firmly against his other side.

“Do you need me to help you to the toilet?”

“No!” She pulled away from him when they reached the door. “I can manage that part on my own.”

He chuckled. “What was it that you said last time? That there’s nothing wrong with needing help, right? Well, I’ve heard and seen it all too, honey. Let me help you.”

She narrowed her eyes at him, remembering that time when their roles had been reversed and her insistence in helping him.

“Thanks for the offer, but this you won’t get to see.”

He shot her a quick grin just before she shut the door in his face.





Ten





“How are you feeling?”

Truth sat up straighter on the sofa, her legs tucked under her. She was still in her pajamas with a blanket thrown over her lap, but he was glad to see the color had returned to her cheeks.

“Much better today, thanks. I think I just needed to get out of bed.”

“Good.” Jackson set down the glass of orange juice on the table and took the seat beside her. “Here. I warmed up some chicken soup for you.”

She shook her head. “Thanks, but I’m not hungry.”

“Come on, Sunshine. You need to eat something.”

Jackson scoop up a spoonful of the steamy soup and brought it to her mouth. She wrinkled her nose and turned her head away

Jackson sighed then brought the spoon to his mouth. “Not bad. Here, try some.” She threw up her hands when he tried to feed her another spoonful. “You’re one difficult patient, you know that?”

She cocked a brow, her gaze sharp and incredulous. “You’re one to talk. You were a terrible patient.”

Jackson bit back a smile as he feigned innocence. He knew exactly what a pain in the ass he had been. “What are you talking about? I was an angel.”

“Ha! So was Lucifer.”

He laughed and scooped up another spoonful of soup. “Would you at least try it and let me know if I got the flavor right?”

She rolled her eyes but open her mouth. “Hmm, tastes just like a microwave can of chicken soup should.”

“Good. One more.”

She obliged him, and he fed her another spoon. He placed the small bowl of unfinished soup on the table.

The color was returning to her cheeks and her eyes weren’t as sunken. He had spent the weekend caring for her and was glad to see she was returning back to her healthy self.

She turned back to the program she was watching on the television, rubbing the back of her neck repeatedly. He had noticed she had been rubbing that spot earlier and frowned.

“What’s wrong?”

“Hmm?” She turned back to him, distracted.

“You’re neck’s bothering you?”

“Oh.” She let her hand drop. “No, not really. It’s just a little stiff.”

“Come here.”

She tilted her head curiously but scooted over to him. When she got close enough, he reached behind her neck and applied some pressure to the area.

“Here?”

She nodded. “It’s tense there in a key. I don’t know why.”

Jackson began massaging the area and she released a long, soft moan. The sound sent lust straight through him, but he continued rubbing her slender neck. Her eyes drifted shut and she tilted her head to the side to give him better access. He leaned in closer to give her more of what she wanted.

“Oh wow, Jackson. That feels so good.”

Jackson clenched his teeth and his gaze moved from her neck up to her lips. Those words made him forget everything except pulling her beneath him and driving and deep.

His gaze remained fixated on her lips and he remembered their soft sweetness. In that moment, he wanted nothing more than to taste them again.

Before he could stop himself, Jackson leaned in closer, her soft lips his main target…

Suddenly, she tensed and her head jerked back. “Ahchoo!”

Jackson flinched from the spray of saliva that flew across his face. She covered her mouth and sneezed again.

“Bless you,” he murmured, wiping at his face.

Her eyes were wide with dismay. “Oh, no! I’m so sorry. Did I get my germs all over you?”

Jackson shrugged. Served him right for trying to kiss a sick woman. “Don’t worry about it.”

Suddenly, faint ringing came from the back of the house and she tried to scramble to her feet. He grabbed her arm and pulled her back down.

“Where are you going?”

“That’s my phone. It might be the hospital calling.”

“You sit. I’ll get it.”

Jackson went into her bedroom and found the cell phone on the nightstand. He answered it and was surprised to hear a male voice come through the line.

“Truth?”

“Who’s this?”

The man hesitated before he spoke again. “It’s Mike.”

Jealousy at this unknown man calling her phone made his grip on the phone tightened. She had never mentioned a Mike, yet the way the man asked for her made it apparent he was no stranger.

“Mike who?”

“Mike Justice. Is this Jackson?”

Jackson frowned in confusion, wondering why the deputy would be calling her. “What do you want, Mike?”

Mike paused for a moment then said, “Can I speak to Truth?”

Fuck no.

But he had no claim over her and as much as Jackson wanted to tell Mike Justice to fuck off, he couldn’t.

“Hold on a sec.”

Jackson shamelessly put the call on speaker and went back into the living room. Truth stared at him curiously when he handed her the phone.

“It’s Mike.”

Her eyes widened in surprise as she took the phone from his hand. “Hey, Mike.”

“Hey, beautiful. You must be one busy lady. I can’t seem to get you to return my calls.”

“Sorry,” Truth said, her brows pulling with regret. “I’ve been meaning to, but it’s been a busy week and I’ve been a bit under the weather.”

Jackson fell back into the seat beside her, suppressing an eye-roll while trying to figure out where the hell they had gotten a chance to meet.

“I’m sorry to hear that. How are you feeling now?”

“I’m not ready to slay any dragons, but I’m doing much better, thanks.”

They exchanged a few more pleasantries and Jackson tried to pretend he wasn’t hanging on every word.

“Well, I won’t keep you,” Mike eventually said. “I’m just glad I got to hear your voice again.”

This time, Jackson couldn’t suppress his eye-roll.

“Let’s not wait another week to do it again.”

Truth chuckled. “No, sir. We’ll talk again soon. I promise.”

“I’ll hold you to that.”

Jackson waited until she ended the call before he asked evenly, “When did you two become so friendly?”

“Last week,” Truth said as she placed her phone on the center table. “We met at the boutique when I stopped in to buy you those shirts. He’s been asking me to dinner since that night.”

Jackson studied her. “And you agreed?”

“No. I told him I’d take a rain check. There’s just too much going on right now to add dating in the mix.”

Damn right.

Jackson lost some of his tension. “You might want to let him know that sooner than later.”

“I know,” she muttered. “He seems like a nice guy. I don’t want him to think I’m playing hard to get or anything.”

Jackson frowned. I don’t care what he thinks.

“Just don’t wait too long to do it.”



“How was your first day?”

Truth glanced up to find the doctor who had removed Jackson’s cast smiling down at her.

“Not bad at all,” Truth told her. “Luckily a lot hasn’t changed since I’ve been back so it was like picking up right where I left off.”

Dr. Parker nodded. “Well, I’m for sure glad for the help, so welcome aboard.”

“Thank you.”

The doctor nodded then took her lunch and left the hospital cafeteria. Truth carried her tray to the beverage machine.

She was certainly happy for the work and the chance to stay around longer. Jackson may not need her to wait on him anymore, but they made a great team and caring for each other. When she thought of how he had cared for her during her bout with the flu, her heart warmed a little more. He had been caring and tender with her just as she had seen him be with Daisy. And he had been a perfect gentleman about it all.

Now that they were more like roommates, she was surprised at how well they got along now that he was better and pursuing his business goals. She needed to start thinking about her own career goals, but for now she was content to just work at the local hospital and have some stability for change.

“I thought I recognized that ponytail.”

Truth looked up from the cup she was filling to find Mike in full uniform smiling crookedly down at her.

“Oh, hey Mike. What are you doing here?”

He lifted a small brown paper bag in his hand. “Confiscating evidence.”

Truth eyes widened in horror and confusion and Mike chuckled.

“I’m kidding. I’m off duty and these are just cookies. If you hadn’t noticed, I have a weakness for anything made with brown sugar.”

He waggled his brows at her as his gaze raked down the length of her. She rolled her eyes, but laughed despite herself.

“I hope the food is as good as I heard it is or I’m going to start thinking you’re stalking me.”

“See, if you’d gone out to dinner with me, you’d already find out that I’m too lazy to be a stalker.”

Truth laughed and secured the lid on her drink cup. Not that she had any real concerns. He really was harmless, and maybe a little silly too.

“That’s a relief to know.”

She picked up her lunch tray and Mike followed her as she chose one of the back tables to settle down in.

“When did you start working here?” he asked, taking the seat across from her.

“Today is actually my first day. I was supposed to start a few days ago but got a bad case of the flu.”

“Oh right. Well I’m glad to see you’re doing much better now.”

“Thanks.” She unwrapped a sandwich, hoping he wouldn’t push for a date again.

She wasn’t surprised when he did.

“Maybe if you’re up to it, we can grab a proper meal tomorrow night at Iggy’s. It’s a sports bar with great food and karaoke.”

Truth glanced up and offered him a soft smile. Mike Justice was exactly the kind of guy she usually went for—tall and lean with dark features and the captivating smile. He was also funny, and kind and she could imagine herself having a lot of fun with him. But the thought of opening herself to dating again scared the joy right out of her.

“Mike, you seem like a really nice guy—”

“I don’t like where this is going,” he muttered.

“—and in a previous life, I would have loved to go out with you. But right now, I’m not looking for anything more than friendship.”

“Ouch. I haven’t even had a chance to hold your hand and you’re already friend-zoning me.”

“I’m sorry, but right now that’s just how I feel.”

Mike studied her for a moment before he leaned back in his seat and nodded resolutely. “All right. I can respect that. I have no clue what’s it like to be in your position, but I can imagine it’s tough. Especially if it hasn’t been that long.”

Truth averted her gaze and stared down at the table top. It was rough being a young widow and knowing she would miss out on a lifetime of memories only added to her despair. It was hard not feeling guilty whenever she laughed or thought about a future that did not include her husband.

“It’s hard,” Truth murmured. “Danny was a great guy and I was looking forward to our future together.”

“How long were you two married?” Mike asked.

“Only a few months.” She laughed ruefully. “I admit we moved pretty fast, but I knew I had found a keeper, you know?”

Mike covered her hand with his and gave it a gentle squeeze. It felt nice, even a little freeing to talk about Danny again. She wished she could have more conversions like this with Jackson.

“I definitely know how it feels to have loved and loss,” Mike said. “It’s not easy to open up to that kind of pain again, but I genuinely believe that the Universe wants us to be happy. And I think we owe ourselves at least a chance to be open to the possibility.”

Truth stared at him, wondering when and how he had gotten his heart broken, until she realized it didn’t matter. A loss was a loss, and often times it hurt just as equally.

“Uh-oh. You’re giving me a look at that I just put my foot in my mouth.” Mike gave her a pained look then sighed. “Look, Truth, I didn’t mean—”

“No, you said nothing wrong.” This time, Truth covered his hand with hers and patted it reassuringly.

“Good, because I’m not trying to pressure you into seeing me or anything. I just know that if you were mine, I’d want you to be happy. With or without me. And I’m not just saying that.”

Truth smiled, touched and somewhat comforted by his sincerity. More and more, he reminded her of Danny. She knew deep down in her core, then he would want her to find love again, to be happy, and the guilt she felt over the idea was all her own.

Finally, Mike pushed up to his feet. “I should probably let you get back to your lunch.”

“Wait.”

Mike stared down at her, surprised and her heart began to thud in her chest. She had surprised herself by stopping him too, but if this was the universe trying to send love her way, she probably shouldn’t push him away.

“I thought you were off duty?”

“I am…”

“Then tell me more about the Ziggy’s place.”

“It’s Iggy’s,” Mike corrected with a smile as he fell back into his seat. “And I think you’d love it.”





Eleven





Jackson took down two plates and began arranging them the way he’d seen her do it. Meat and vegetables on one side, starch on the other. He’d never really cared how his food make it on his plate, so long as it tasted good. But Truth was neat and fastidious with everything she did and for whatever reason he wanted to impress her. Jackson shook his head at himself.

Not wanting to over test his abilities without the cane just yet, Jackson brought one of the plates to the table and went back for the other one.

“Jackson, you cooked?”

“Yeah,” he said, turning to face her. “I thought I’d treat—”

His words were instantly forgotten as he gaped at her, letting his eyes run down the length of her. She was dressed in a warm orange sleeveless dress that clung modestly to her petite frame and stopped just above her knees. She paired it with a tan-colored opened toed heels, making her shapely legs appear longer.

But it wasn’t just her outfit that was building the heaviness in his groin. Her dark eye make-up and lush red lips made him think of damp, twisted bedsheets and fast pounding headboards. Her hair was straightened and pulled back with a clip, exposing her high cheekbones, while the bottom strands hung over her smooth shoulders and framed her slender neck.

There was only one word that came to mind.

“Wow.”

She blushed and let out a nervous laugh. “It’s not too much, is it?”

Jackson swallowed, his heart thudding in his chest. “For dinner at home? Yeah, I would say so, but I’m not complaining. You look gorgeous.”

Her blush deepened. “Thank you, but I’m actually going out tonight. To a place called Ziggy’s? Iggy’s?”

Jackson froze. She was going out? On a date?

“It’s Iggy’s.” He tried to take the harsh bite out of his voice, but it was hard. “Who are you going with?”

“I’m going with Mike.”

“Mike?” His sharp question splintered what little composure he had left.

“Yes, the deputy. Mike Justice.”

“You mean Guy’s cousin?”

“Who’s Guy?”

Jackson waved his hands dismissively. “Never mind. Why the hell are you going out with him? I thought you weren’t interested?”

She shrugged. “Well, I changed my mind. I’m fairly new in town, and I figured it wouldn’t hurt to explore the town with someone who’s pretty new here, too.”

Jackson gaze dropped down the length of her. He remembered the shape of her breasts and how perfectly round her nipples were.

“He’s not that new, and I’m sure our small town nightlife isn’t all Mike wants to explore.”

Her pretty red lips tightened angrily. “So what? We’re both adults and…unattached. Maybe I want to explore a bit more too.”

Jackson gritted his teeth at the thought of Mike getting to touch and kiss her, or see the small butterfly-shaped birthmark just above her crotch. He’s never hated the thought of something as much as he hated that.

“So, this is about scratching your itch? If that’s the case, there’s other ways to do it without wasting your time with that guy.”

Her face flushed angrily. “This isn’t just about scratching my itch. Mike’s a really nice guy who seems like a lot of fun to be with.”

“How the hell would you know?” Jackson snapped. “You just met the guy.”

“And he’s managed to speak and treat me with much more respect than you!”

They stood glaring at each other and Jackson clenched his jaw to keep from saying something else stupid. He had no right to be angry, and yet that silent acknowledgement did nothing to lessen the fire in his gut.

“Well, I’m an asshole, remember? What did you expect?”

She blew out a breath, and her shoulders fell forward. “Jackson, you’re not a—”

“Save it. Go have fun on your date, and I’ll get back to my damn dinner.”

He took the second plate of food and threw it in the sink with more force than he intended. She jumped as the plate shattered inside with a loud crash. Ignoring both her and the broken dish, Jackson went to the table and sat down.

Without another word, Truth turned and left, slamming the front door shut with such force it shook the rafters.

He sat there for a long movement, his gut still twisted with anger and jealousy. Daisy came to his side and began licking his hand. He scratched her behind her ears then took his plate and placed it down in front of her.

He’d lost his appetite. But what he would give for a beer right now.



“You look beautiful, lady.”

Truth planted a smile on her lips as she stopped in front of Mike. “Thank you. You look pretty handsome yourself. I don’t think I’ve seen you without your uniform.”

His lips kicked up and he winked at her. “You should see me without my clothes.”

She laughed obediently, but didn’t continue their flirtatious banter. She couldn’t. Her argument with Jackson was still fresh and though she tried not to let it sour her evening, it was easier said than done.

“Shall we go inside and make me the most envied man here tonight?”

Truth looped her arm around his and they entered the dark sport bar together. The place was more crowded than she had expected, but they managed to find a spot to squeeze in with some of his deputy friends.

“Sorry for the crowd,” Mike said close to her ear. “I didn’t know it would get like this.”

“It’s okay. I don’t mind the extra company.” She actually was relieved by it. Mike was an attractive man, and this was her first date in years. There seemed to be less pressure now that they weren’t alone.

“Yo, Rookie. Aren’t you going to introduce us to your new lady friend?”

“Guys, this is Truth. Truth, these are the guys.”

One of the men threw a cheese stick at Mike, which he expertly dodged.

“Damn rookies,” the man muttered then turned to her. “My name’s Clive. That’s Shawn and he’s Phil.”

“Nice to meet you all,” Truth said, nodding at the men.

“Rookie, why don’t you go get your lady a drink, while we scope her out,” Clive said.

“What are you drinking?”

“I have an early shift tomorrow so cranberry juice is fine.”

“You got it.” Mike turned to his friends. “You guys be nice.”

“Yeah, yeah,” Phil muttered. “We’re always nice. Now get the fuck outta here.”

Clive jabbed his elbow in Phil’s side. “Yo, language. The lady’s sitting right there.”

Truth laughed and shook her head. “Don’t worry about it. I used to work at a hospital in New York City. I worked with a ton of cops and believe me, I’ve heard it all.”

“Where in New York?” Clive asked.

“The Bronx, in Belmont.”

“Get the fuck outta here. I was born in Jersey, but grew up in Longwood.” Clive raised his beer mug to her. “Welcome to civilization.”

“How’d you like it up there?” Phil asked.

Truth smiled. “I fucking loved it.”

The men howled with laughter and just like that she won them over.

She and Mike spent the next few hours there with his friends and she got to learn a lot about the people in town, Mike’s unforgettable rookie mistakes and learned just how much these men cared about their small town and the people living in it. And how much they love their job.

“You know, I thought I’d never say this, but I miss Tank. He was the kind of trouble I looked forward to on Friday nights.”

Mike tensed beside her and tried to change the subject but Phil chimed in.

“That’s because you like a challenge. I for one am glad we don’t have to deal with his shit anymore.”

Clive scoffed. “For now. But once a drunk, always a drunk.”

“Okay guys,” Mike cut in. “Why don’t we—”

“Who’s Tank?” Truth asked the group.

“No one you have to worry about. Just know that if you run into Jackson Matoa, you better run the other way.”

“Or better yet, run to Mike.” Phil teased.

Truth turned to Mike and he looked away from her, clearly embarrassed. Yet as the men continued highlighting Jackson’s many encounters with them, he neither spoke up or against him. He said nothing. The louder the men laughed at him, the deeper her anger build.

“Why do you call him Tank?”

“Because Sherriff Lawson had us turn one of the cells into a drunk tank just for him. It was practically his second home.”

Phil scoffed. “You mean his only home. The guy’s a loser,” he muttered before bringing his glass to his lips.

At those callous words, something in Truth snapped. Before she could stop herself, she lashed out and knocked the glass from his hand. It went flying across the table before it crashed to the ground.

She didn’t remember standing, but there she was, leaning over the table and shouting in the stunned man’s face.

“No, you’re the loser! Making fun of a man who had a problem, who had just lost his brother, and whose clear cry for help had gone completely ignored by everyone at this table.”

Including me.

Truth let that knowledge sink in for a moment and the shame she felt for turning her back on him nearly staggered her.

“Look, I’m sorry,” Phil stammered. “I—we didn’t know any of that.”

Clive nodded. “He keeps a lot to himself and those who know him, don’t really talk about him.”

“Well, my brother-in-law is a pretty decent guy. Maybe you should try getting to know him before you make fun of him.” Truth gathered her things and left the table, not sparing Mike another glance.



Jackson lay in his bed staring up at the dark ceiling and listening to the faint sound of the front door opening. He turned his head to check the time. It was a little after midnight.

She hadn’t spent the night out.

He had no right to feel relieved, but he did. And that relief only heightened his guilt. Truth was a young, smart and beautiful. And a widow. She deserved to find love again. He couldn’t expect her to resign her life to being Danny’s widow. Instead of biting her head off tonight, he should have just complimented her and kept his mouth shut.

Just because he couldn’t be with her, didn’t mean he should keep her from being with anyone else. No matter how much he hated the thought.

Jackson pushed the covers away and swung his legs on the other side. He needed to apologize for tonight and get it over with or he knew they would spend the next few days in awkward silence and tense interactions.

His leg was feeling stronger every day and he was able to walk more without the support of his cane. He found her in the bathroom, still in her dress, her back to him. She was wiping off her makeup and it took a moment to realize he was standing at the door watching her.

When she did, she shrieked and whirled around to face him.

“Jackson! You scared the hell out of me. I thought you were asleep.”

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” He fell silent, thinking of the right words to say next. She continued to stare at him expectantly.

“Did you need something?”

“Yeah…” He leaned against the door jam and ran his hand over his hair. “About tonight… I’m sorry I was a grade-A dick. I shouldn’t have jumped down your throat about it. It’s none of my business who you see. I just hope I didn’t ruin your night.”

To his dismay tears welled in her eyes and she glanced down at her hand and the washcloth clutched between her fingers.

He straightened from the door and took a step toward. “Truth, I said I was sorry.”

“And I appreciate it, but you didn’t ruin my night. Mike and his friends did that all on their own.”

The muscles in his shoulders bunched. Mike and his friends? “What the hell happened?”

She shook her head and turned away from. “Nothing. Never mind.”

“No,” Jackson bit out. He grabbed her arm and turned her back to face him. Misery and strain was all in her eyes—and the two things she hadn’t been able to wipe away. “Did any of them touch you? Hurt you? Tell me so I know how many bones I need to break.”

Truth eyes widened before she started to laugh. He cupped her chin and held it firm.

“Truth. I’m serious.”

She immediately sobered up. “Jackson, it was nothing like that. I just got to see a side of him and his friends that I didn’t care for, that’s all.” Pulling out of his grasp, she took his hand and gave it a squeeze. “You don’t have to go breaking anyone’s bones.”

He relaxed a bit. “Good. So…does that mean you won’t be seeing him again?”

She shrugged. “Probably not.”

Jackson schooled his expression to keep his relief from showing. “Well, I still owe you a trip to the fair.”

She smiled. “Yes, you do. I’m free tomorrow night.”

He returned her smile. “Then it’s a date.”

“Speaking of dates…” She hesitated then forged on. “I’m going to start dating again, Jackson. I know how much you cared about Danny, and it may seem like I’m dishonoring his memory by choosing to move on, but no one could ever replace him in my heart.”

“I never thought that, Truth. You dating Mike, or anyone else for that matter, has nothing to do with Danny.”

She tilted her head and frowned in confusion. “Then why were you so angry about it?”

Because I was jealous.

But he couldn’t tell her that without explaining his feelings for her. He would only drive her away like he did the last time. And as much as he hated to admit it, he was starting to enjoy having her around—even if her presence drove his libido crazy.

Suddenly, her cell phone rang from her room and she frowned. “That might be the hospital about my shift tomorrow morning. I should go get that.”

“Sure.” He moved out of her way and she hesitated for a millisecond before she left.

He started back to his room, but not before he heard her next words before she shut her door.

“It’s late, Mike. What do you want?”

Jackson’s steps faltered but he continued back to his room. He refused to eavesdrop though everything in him wanted to do just that.





Twelve





“Wow, I haven’t been to one of these in a while.”

Truth didn’t know where to focus her attention on first. The small fair wasn’t as big as some others she’s been to, but it was still very bright and mesmerizing. Nothing smelled more like fall than the scent of fresh popcorn and roasted peanuts. The carnival smells and rush of excitement around filled the air and Truth couldn’t help but smile.

“It comes twice a year into town,” Jackson said. “In the fall and spring, though the last time I was here, Danny was…”

Truth looked up at him as he stared off into the distance. This was the first time he had brought up Danny on his own. She was both surprised and thrilled by that. She wanted them to be able to talk about Danny with more than just painful memories to draw from.

“Danny was what?” she encouraged.

Jackson cleared his throat and jammed his hands into his pocket glanced over at her. “He was in high school and working one of the game booths.”

They continued strolling across the lawn of the fair, passing a long row of game booths.

“Which one was it?” Truth asked, taking in the many different booths and prizes behind each. “Was it the one where you toss the rings over the bottle?”

“No, it was damn balloon darts. I took my date at the time to his booth and he helped me win one of those grand prize bears for her. On my first try, too.”

Truth laughed. “And I bet Danny had something to do with that.”

The corner of his lips kicked up. “Of course. At the time, I was recovering from a shoulder injury and my aim wasn’t what it used to be.”

She bit back a smile as he flexed his arm. “I’m sure it wasn’t.”

He chuckled. “I’m serious. Though, it didn’t matter how I won. My date was impressed, and I was glad I got to…” He shot her a quick look. “Make her happy.”

Truth held on to her smile, although she didn’t particularly want to hear about Jackson and how happy he made his previous girlfriends. She patted his previously injured shoulder then looped her arm around his and urged him forward.

“Come on. Those peanuts are calling to me.”

They stopped at the first cart they found and ordered a bag of roasted peanuts and a small bag of popcorn. The lines to the rides and games were equally long so they continued strolling around the fairgrounds, eating their treats and making random observations.

After a several minutes on their feet, Truth turned to Jackson. “How’s your leg? We could find a spot to rest for a while if you want.”

“My leg’s fine,” he assured her. “Actually, it’s better than fine. I think I can officially hang up the cane.”

“Oh, yeah? Then how about we try to make it to that thing?” She pointed to the large attraction that had grabbed her attention since they’d arrive.

“The Ferris wheel? That’s a slow, boring ride.”

“Perfect. I’m too sensitive for those rides that shake and twirl you around in the air.”

He grinned down at her. “But it’s way more fun.”

“Yeah, maybe if I was pizza dough. Come on.”

They made their way across the fair and stood in line for the ride. While they waited, a thin man dressed in all black and white gloves and suspenders was entertaining the crowd. His face was also painted in white and with him was a cart of balloons.

Truth watched fascinated as the man created interesting things with his balloons. He handed a little girl a pink and yellow butterfly. He collected his tip from the parents then went down to the next family and crafted a blue and white airplane for their little boy.

Truth didn’t know if it was part of the man’s act, but he didn’t say a word as he designed and sold his creations. He was an expert at his craft and sold almost everything he created.

When he finally reached them, Truth was curious to see that he would design next. It took a few minutes and several red and green balloons before Truth realized what he was creating.

It was a bouquet of roses.

She smiled at them, yet was surprised when the man turned and handed them to Jackson.

“No, thanks,” he muttered, equally surprised.

The man rolled his eyes and thrust the bouquet at him again. When Jackson still didn’t reach for them, the man began nodding impatiently in her direction.

“I think he wants you to give them to me,” Truth whispered.

The man sighed and nodded eagerly.

“Oh.” Jackson dug into his pocket and handed the man a few bills before taking the balloons from him.

The man shook his head before moving on to the next couple.

Jackson stared after him, a frown furrowing his brow. “That wasn’t at all awkward,” he muttered sardonically.

“Well, I think it was sweet.”

Jackson looked down at her then, the frown easing from his face. He handed her the balloons and Truth brought her hand up to her chest in mock surprise.

“For me?” She took them and clutched them close. “They’re beautiful.”

He chuckled. “I hope you like them. I picked them out myself.”

She shared in his laughter, something warm spreading through her at his beautiful smile. His whole face seemed to transform when he laughed. His eyes winkled in the corners and his lips curved mischievously, making him so devilishly handsome she couldn’t look away.

When they finally made it to the front of the line and onto the Ferris wheel, she was suddenly shy and uncertain around him. She couldn’t make sense of her confusing emotions. Overtime, she and Jackson had managed to develop a friendship that was special to her. Now, however, his friendship wasn’t enough.

She wanted more.

“Are you all right?”

She nodded jerkily, still avoiding his gaze. As they began their ascent, Truth shut her eyes against the late September wind that blew across her face. The air grew chilly and she wanted desperately to move closer and huddle against his warm body. She wished she was bold enough to nestle against his side and absorb his heat.

Better yet, she wished he would wrap those strong arms of his around her.

Suddenly, her phone began vibrating repeatedly. She pulled out her cell phone and realized it was Mike calling.

“Do you need to get that?”

Truth was surprised by the sudden question and glanced over at Jackson. He was staring down at her phone, his expression unreadable. She shook her head and sent the call to voicemail. She dropped her phone back into her bag.

Mike was persistence that was for sure. And though she had accepted his apology for last night, she didn’t know if he was worthy a second chance.

There was only one way to find out…



She was out with him again.

This made it the second time this week.

Jackson sat on the couch, flipping the channel and vaguely registering what was on. Truth seem to have forgiven Mike Justice for whatever he done on their first day and the guy was taking full advantage of her free time.

Jackson tried to be okay with the whole thing, but it was getting harder every night he had to watch her leave the house, looking possibly beautiful for another man.

He snapped off for the television and got to his feet. He wandered aimlessly around the house, noting how quiet—and empty—it was when she wasn’t around.

He went to the kitchen and surveyed the fridge. He’d already eaten dinner, but he pulled out the leftover she had packed from last night and begin picking at it. He wasn’t hungry for food. What he wanted was Truth and her slender, sexy thighs trembling around his head.

Jackson slammed the lid of the Tupperware shut and threw it back into the fridge. What he really wanted was a drink.

But he didn’t dare go that route again, and he quickly shove the thought aside. He grabbed his keys and left the house. He needed to clear his head. He found himself driving to Main Street and pulling up to the old bar he remembered walking into countless nights, but couldn’t remember walking out of.

Jackson continue to drive aimlessly, through Main Street. His mind hadn’t quiet let go of thoughts of truth, but at least his need for a drink had lessen.

He pulled up to a stop and waited a bit longer for the woman carrying large bags to cross. The woman looked up at him and nodded a quick thanks.

He instantly recognized the older woman struggling with her bags, her glasses perched dangerously close at the tip of her nose.

Jackson threw his truck into park and hopped out. “Gloria?”

She stopped and glanced over at him in surprise. “Jackson? I almost didn’t recognize you. You’re looking good, honey.”

“Thanks,” he murmured, a bit uncomfortable by her intense scrutiny. He had always admired her and just thinking she had been witness to his previous dark moments embarrassed him.

“Here. Let me help you with those.” He reached for her bags and she didn’t offer any resistance.

“Thank you, dear. I wasn’t sure I was going to make it to my car with those.”

“Where did you park? I can give you a lift.” Jackson Place the bags in the truck bed and helped her into his truck. When he climbed back behind the wheel, he noticed Gloria staring at him, a wide smile stretched across her face.

“What?”

“Nothing,” she said. “I’m just glad to see you are still the sweet boy you always were.”

Jackson felt the heat creep up his neck and over his cheeks. He cleared his throat and put the car into drive. Gloria Lawson have been one of the few people who didn’t automatically write him off as a good-for-nothing troublemaker.

Despite what others have to say, or the many mistakes he made, she always seemed to believe in him. And as much as he told himself he didn’t care what others had to say about him, he did value what she thought. Almost as much as he did Truth’s opinion.

“Okay, where to?”

She gave him the directions to where her car was parked, and he was surprised at how far it was. He threw her a surprise glance and she sighed.

“Believe me, parking there was not by choice. But with the fair in town, it’s getting harder to find parking closer to the shop.”

“Is it Mya working there with you now? You shouldn’t be overworking yourself like this.”

“I normally don’t, but tonight was my night to close the shop and we’re right in the middle of renovating it and I needed to clear some things out. I forgot how far the walk was or I would have left those bags behind for another night.”

“Well, I’m glad I was able to run into you when I did.”

“Me too, son. Me too.”

Jackson eventually pulled up behind her car and began unloading her bags from the back of his truck. When he got them loaded into her car, she surprised him with a big hug.

“Thank you, Jackson. I really appreciate this.”

He returned the embrace then pulled away, shifting in his feet uncomfortably.

“Anytime, Gloria. You don’t have to thank me.”

She smiled. “I know.”

He nodded and after a brief awkward silence, he mumbled a good night and started back for his truck.

She grabbed his arm and pulled him to a stop. “What are you doing tonight?”

The question took him by surprise and he shrugged. “It’s getting late so I’ll probably head back home.”

Gloria scoffed. “It’s still early. No way am I going to have you sit around at home alone.”

“I like being alone.”

“Well, I don’t so you’re going to take me to dinner tonight.” She walked back around to the passenger side and climbed into the truck.

Jackson stood there, stunned for a moment, before he climbed back behind the wheel.

“Uh, what did you have in mind?”

“Do you remember where Sheriff Daniels’ old home is?”

“Yeah, why?”

“Good, because we’re going to have dinner there.”

Before Jackson could press her further, she got a call and immediately answered it.

“Yes, Mya honey. I’m on my way. We should be there in twenty minutes so set out another plate.” Gloria paused then looked over at him. Her smile widened and threw him a quick wink. “Yes, I said we. I’m bringing a date with me.”





Thirteen





“You have a very lovely home,” Truth said as she placed the casserole dish on the dining room table.

Mya Lawson beamed up at her. “Thank you. We just completed the renovation a few weeks ago and it’s nice to finally have company over.”

“Well, thanks for inviting me.”

“Of course. Mike has told us so much about you. It’s nice to put a face to the name.”

Truth smiled, though her apprehension at meeting Mike’s family this soon in their relationship only heightened. They had only been on three dates, including the disastrous one at Iggy’s, and she didn’t want things to move into a space she wasn’t ready for. And meeting his family was a big move.

Truth helped Mya finish setting up the table as more guests began to arrive. She recognized the woman who had brought Jackson the produce the other day and was surprised—and relieved—to find out she was married. The woman was open and friendly as Truth remembered and easily returned her friendly smile.

“Is this homemade apple pie, Savvy?” Mya asked, taking the covered dish from her hands and bringing it up to her nose.

Savvy laughed. “Did you really think I would bring you anything store bought?”

Truth face warmed as she glanced at her tin of store bought cookies on the kitchen counter. She knew the other woman wasn’t trying to be intentionally insulting, but the comment still left Truth feeling inferior.

“You’re the best,” Mya said placing the dish beside the cookies. “Where’s Damian?”

“With the guys.”

It didn’t take Truth long to recognize Savvy’s husband. He was the driver who had brought Jackson back home drunk on the day of Danny’s memorial service. She would never forget that night and Damian Carson only reminded her of that terrible night.

Truth pushed the depressing memory aside and joined the group in the large sitting room. While they waited for Gloria to arrive, they discussed a range from sports, to local politics, and even some home repair advice. Truth was having more fun than she could remember having with a group of strangers in a while.

“I just spoke with Gloria,” Mya said, coming back into the room. “She’s on her way here now. She apologizes for her tardiness, but apparently she’s bringing a date.”

Guy sputtered in mid drink and sat up straight. “A what?”

Mya sat down beside her husband and rubbed his arm. “Your mom’s still young, babe. Don’t be weird about it.”

Mike chuckled. “Yeah, Guy. You can’t expect her to stay a virgin forever.”

Guy glared at his cousin.

“I think it’s sweet she’s still open to love,” Savvy said, a wide smile on her pretty face. She turned to her husband and slipped her hand into his. “You never know when you’ll find the one.”

Damian leaned over and placed a tender kiss on his wife’s lips.

Truth averted her eyes, giving them some privacy. It was a sweet display of affection, one that said how much they loved each other, and it left her feeling strangely envious.

And feeling lonely.

“Wait a minute,” Mya said with a small laugh. “You guys have to tell Mike and Truth about your wedding day.”

Savvy groaned then shared in her laughter. “Do we have too?”

“Yes!” Mya said adamantly. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything more entertaining.”

“Or bizarre,” Guy muttered. He grunted when his wife drove her elbow into his side.

Savvy laughed, and turned to Damian. “Where do we start?”

Damian leaned back in his seat, the corner of his lips kicking up. “Maybe at the part where Quinn ditches her own wedding.”

Savvy shook her head. “No, I think we have to start earlier than that. Like when I found your mom’s ring.”

“What ring?” Mya asked, leaning forward in her seat. “I didn’t hear this part.”

Savvy began telling the story of her marriage to Damian and it was by far the most fantastical wedding story Truth had ever heard. If it weren’t the fact that they were sitting beside each other, very obviously in love, Truth wouldn’t have believed a word of it.

By the time Savvy got to the part of Damian’s dad nearly coming to blows with Savvy’s uncle, the doorbell rang.

“That must be Gloria,” Mya said.

Guy rose to his feet and went to the door. There was a bit of a commotion as Gloria greeted her son. They all waited quietly until the trio made it to the sitting room, curious to see who Gloria’s mystery man was.

Gloria entered the room first and Truth smiled a greeting at her, but when she saw who followed behind her, her smile wavered.

“Jackson?”

Savvy’s exclamation was the only word that followed as they all gaped at him.

“Don’t look so surprised,” Gloria said, before looping her arm around his. “He cleans up very nice, doesn’t he ladies?”

Savvy and Mya both agreed. Truth was still trying to recover from her shock at seeing him there to answer. But he did look incredible sexy in his black button down shirt and dark jeans. His neatly groomed facial hair only added to his rugged appeal.

“You look incredible, Jackson. I almost didn’t recognize you.” Savvy continued to gawk at him until she caught Damian’s glare.

Gloria winked up at him. “Tonight was my lucky night. I found out this hunk didn’t have any plans so I asked him to dinner.”

“You do look handsome tonight, Jackson,” Mya said “And I’m glad you could join us.”

If Truth hadn’t been staring so closely at him, she would have missed the faint redness that stained his high cheekbones. She resisted the urge to get up and hug him.

Mike got to his feet and clasped his hands together. “Okay, now that we’re done gushing over your hot date, Aunt Gloria, can we now eat?”



“How are you enjoying the food, Jackson?”

He turned to Gloria and nodded. “It’s good.”

She nodded then leaned in closer to him. “Try not to stare at her too long, honey, or people will start to think you’re constipated.”

With those quiet words, Gloria patted his arm before returning her attention to her plate.

Jackson did the same, making every effort to avoid looking across the dinner table to where Mike and Truth sat. If Gloria had noticed his irritation, who else might have?

He knew coming here tonight would be a mistake. Every time Mike leaned close to Truth or whispered something in her ear or made her laugh, Jackson felt a stab of annoyance and anger. Yet, the thought of being in the same room with Truth tonight seemed like a good way to ease his curiosity and keep an eye out on her date.

All he had accomplished tonight, however, was give him a tension headache and possibly a stomach ulcer.

Truth’s soft laughter flittered across the table, and Jackson glanced over at her again. She looked lovely tonight, with her hair pulled back in a large French braid and swooped over her shoulder. Her make-up was light and simple, not that she really needed any, and the rustic orange of her thin sweater brought on a natural glow to her golden brown skin.

“Jackson, why don’t you tell Mya about your new carpentry business?”

Jackson turned back to Gloria, who stared at him pointedly. She had caught him staring again and letting him know that she had. He cleared his throat and returned his attention to his plate.

“You’re starting your own business, Jackson?” Mya asked.

“Yeah,” was all he offered.

It was still very new, even to him, and he didn’t know what more he could say about it. If he had known Gloria would have made it the focus of their dinner conversation, he would have never told her about it during the drive here.

“That’s awesome,” Mya said. “So am I.”

“You already have your own business, love,” Guy said. “You’re just expanding it.”

She smiled over at her husband before she turned back to him. “Right. Patty’s shutting down her stationary store and I’ll be renting the space.”

“It’s right next to the boutique so it’s perfect,” Gloria added.

“Except the space is pretty small so I’d like to make some renovations in there,” Mya said. “You know, maximize on the space with a custom workstation. Do you think you can help with that, Jackson?”

The question took him by surprise and Jackson shifted in his seat uncomfortably. It had been a while since anyone had asked him to do work for them, and it felt strange. But this was just the kind of project he needed to get his business off the ground. He would be a fool to turn work away.

“Sure, that shouldn’t be a problem. I’ll need to come by and look around first.”

“Yes, of course,” Mya agreed. “I’m free to show you around anytime next week.”

Suddenly, Jackson noticed that everyone at the table was looking at him and couldn’t help but feel put on the spot. He felt Truth’s eyes on him and glanced over at her. She smiled at him encouragingly and that small action was enough to ease some of his tension.

“Okay.” He cleared his throat and said more assertively, “I’ll check my schedule and get back to you.”

As the night went on, Jackson found himself relaxing more and enjoying the company. Ignoring Mike and Truth’s every move became easier to do, and he eventually he found himself more at ease around his old friends.

Eventually, they all moved back to the sitting room, but Jackson hung back to help Gloria clean up.

“Did you enjoy yourself tonight, dear?”

“You know I did, Gloria. Thanks again for inviting me.”

“You’re very welcome.” She dumped the last of the dishes into the dishwasher then firmly shut the door. “So…mind telling me why my nephew is dating the woman you’re so obviously in love with?”

Jackson tensed. “It’s not like that, Gloria. Truth is my sister-in-law, that’s all.”

“I wasn’t born last night, Jackson. I know that look and you’ve been wearing it all night.” Suddenly, she squinted up at him behind her wide eyeglasses. “Hmm, unless I was wrong, and you are constipated.”

Jackson sputtered with laughter and shook his head. “No, ma’am.”

“Good. That’s what I thought. So, what’s holding you back? I mean, I love my nephew, and I want him to be happy, but I don’t want him to be caught up in the middle of some messy love triangle.”

“There is no love triangle. Truth and I are family. Yes, I care about her, but there’s nothing going on between us.”

She studied him. “She’s not your blood, so there’s nothing stopping you. You certainly don’t need anyone’s permission or approval. So if you want her, Jackson, go get her.”

Jackson shook his head and leaned against the counter. “What I want…”

Is for her to be happy.

He didn’t realize until that moment, that her happiness meant more to him than anything. And as much as he hated to admit it, she was happy with Mike. He was the kind of straight-laced, family man with a stable career and clean image she deserved.

Jackson couldn’t ruin that for her. He wouldn’t.

“What I want doesn’t matter, Gloria, so please stop making a big fuss over this.”

She tightened her lip but inclined her head. “All right.”

They finished cleaning up in the kitchen and rejoined the group. Jackson swept the space as he fell into a single seater, his gaze unconsciously looking out for Truth. He instantly noticed she and Mike were gone.

“Did Mike and Truth already leave?” Gloria asked, falling into an empty seat beside her son.

“No,” Guy said. “They went out back for some fresh air.”

“Jackson, would you be a dear and get him for me?”

He looked at her in surprise and she simply smiled sweetly over at him.

Jackson pushed himself back up to his feet. “Sure.”

It wasn’t until he was out of the sitting room that he realized what Gloria was trying to do. Though he resented her interference, he liked the fact that she cared enough about him to meddle.



“I’ve really enjoyed our time together, Truth. It’s been a while since I’ve been able to bring a woman I like to meet my family.”

“I’m glad you invited me here. I’ve really enjoyed myself tonight.”

“Have you?”

Truth tilted her head to the side and studied him. “Of course. Your family and friends are really nice and fun.”

Mike fell silent and stared out at the distance. “Truth, can I be frank with you?”

She frowned. Nothing good ever started with those words. “I wouldn’t want you to hide your feelings from me, Mike.”

He turned to face her. “Call it male intuition, or maybe paranoia, but I’m getting this strange feeling that there’s someone else on your mind besides me.”

Her back stiffened and she stared at him searchingly. She couldn’t deny that. There had been someone else on her mind, all right, and he’d been sitting across from them the entire night.

Mike’s gaze moved over hers then he sighed. “I was really hoping I was wrong, that you would call me paranoid or dense, but I can see that I was right, wasn’t I?”

Truth swallowed, wondering how she had managed to fail in masking her longing for Jackson. She had a good guy in front of her now, yet all she could think about was the one other unattached man forbidden to her.

“Mike, I wouldn’t be here with you tonight if I didn’t want to be.”

“Yeah, but clearly I’m more into this than you are.”

“That’s not true.”

If anything, she desperately wanted it to work between them. Maybe then, she would stop pining for someone she couldn’t have.

“Yes, it is. And so is the fact that you’re not really ready to move on.”

“Of course, I am. Why would you say that?”

Mike took her hand and lifted it up high. “Because you’re still wearing your wedding ring.”

Truth’s gaze fell on the gold band that gleamed under the dim light of the back patio. Suddenly she realized that he believed she was still pining for Danny.

Truth felt relieved over that assumption, and also ashamed. It was Jackson who now consumed her every waking thought, and it was him that she was trying desperately to forget.

“It’s only been a year…” she murmured.

“I know. It’s still fresh. I get that, and I want to respect that.” Mike gently ran the pad of his thumb across her knuckles. “I really do like you, Truth. Enough not to want to rush you. But I also don’t want to be your rebound guy. When you’re ready to really let go of your husband, then maybe we can try this again.”

He leaned down toward her and slanted his head. Before his lips could touch hers, a gruff voice called out to him.

“Yo, Mike!”

They both started and turned to find Jackson standing only a few feet from them.

“Gloria needs you inside.”

“What for?”

Jackson shrugged. “Beats me. She just sent me out here.”

Mike sighed. “My aunt really knows how to spoil a moment,” he muttered before letting go of her hand. “Excuse me.”

Mike went back into the house, leaving her and Jackson outside alone.

Jackson’s penetrating gaze moved over hers searchingly, his expression unreadable.

“You all right?”

She nodded. “Yes, I’m fine. How are you?”

He shrugged. “My leg’s not bothering me, if that’s what you’re asking.”

“But…”

He took a step toward her, his hands shoved deep into his pockets. “You and Mike seem to be getting close.”

Her cheeks warmed, and her eyes dropped to his chest. “I thought so, too, but he just broke things off so…yeah.”

Jackson fell silent for a while before he spoke again. “In my opinion, it’s his lost. Not yours.”

Truth sighed. “You’re sweet to say that, Jackson, but I’m going to have to disagree on that. Mike’s a pretty great guy, and emotionally I’m a big, fat disaster.”

He frowned. “According to who? Mike?”

“No,” Truth said. “But it is weird that I’m still wearing my wedding ring, isn’t it?”

“If wearing your wedding ring makes you feel better, then wear it.”

She glanced up at him. “You don’t think it’s weird?”

“It doesn’t matter what I think, or anyone else for that matter. Least of all some chump whose intimidated by a piece of jewelry. Do whatever the hell it is that makes you feel happy and at peace. Only you should decide what it is you want or don’t want.”

Truth stared down at her wedding band then balled her hand into a fist. As unexpected as it was, Mike’s decision for them to take a break didn’t bother her as much as what his words had revealed about her. How could she claim to want to move on when she couldn’t let go of her past? How could she say she wanted to find love again, when she kept lying to herself about what it was she really wanted?

“I don’t even know what I want.”

She hadn’t realized she’d said the words out loud until Jackson reached out and tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear. The brief, unexpected action took her by surprise and she could only stare at him. She held his gaze, and his next words offered her a strange sort of comfort.

“You’re one of the smartest, sweetest people I know, Truth. When the time’s right, you’ll know exactly what it is you want.”

Truth stared at him, surprised and touched by his words. Not many knew what it felt like to lose someone they loved unexpectedly, or tragically. But Jackson did. He had experienced that heart-wrenching loss and had lost himself in the process trying to cope with his grief. Now he was getting his life back on track, at his own pace, with no expectations from her or anyone else.

He was reclaiming his happiness and was encouraging her to do the same.

Truth took a step toward him and looped her arms around him. She rested her cheek on his chest and held him for a while.

“Thank you, Jackson.”

He simply returned her hug with a gentle squeeze, no further words needed.

Mike may have been right about a lot of things tonight, but he was complete wrong about one. She was absolutely ready to move on, to find love again. Just not with him.

Because as frightening as it all was, she realized she was already in love.





Fourteen





Jackson laid in his dark bedroom, replaying his night out with Truth.

He had enjoyed himself more than he realized and hadn’t wanted it to end. For the first time in a long time, he had managed to forget the void that seemed to be so much a part of him lately. But being with Truth had changed that.

Jackson smiled, remembering how excited she’d been to win at ring toss. He’d been so enchanted by her delight that he hadn’t minded losing to her at balloon darts. Everything about her enthralled him and he couldn’t remember when he’d last had so much fun.

Suddenly, his bedroom door came open and Jackson turned to find Truth pulling it closed behind her. He propped himself on his elbow and turned on the bedside lamp. He squinted against the sudden brightness.

“Truth?”

She didn’t say anything as she slowly made her way to his bedside. She had her hands clasped in front of her, though it didn’t shield the dark thatch that was very visible through her light nightgown. The flimsy material was thin enough for him to make out the outline of her nude body underneath. His gaze lingered at the juncture between her thighs, and his heart thudded in his chest as incredible need flooded his cock.

Jackson clenched his teeth and brought his gaze back up to meet hers. It was late, and she should have already been in bed. He’d been unable to relax enough to let himself fall asleep, and having her in his bedroom with such a thin material didn’t help his current mood.

“Truth, what is it?” He ignored the heaviness that had settled in his shaft and was pleased by the evenness in his tone.

She fidgeted with the hem of her nightgown as she stopped by his side and stared down at him. She appeared a bit anxious, and he frowned in concern.

To his utter surprise, she hiked up her nightgown and climbed over him. She straddled him, and he fell back on the bed, too stunned to speak. His hands instinctively fell to her legs and he gripped her bare thighs. The feel of her warm crotch near his shaft left him unbearably hard.

Jackson tried to think through his lust, but couldn’t form any coherent words that would make sense of what was happening.

“I finally know what it is I want,” she muttered huskily. She leaned down, her palms planted on his chest, and pressed her lips gently against his.

The feel of her soft lips was both soothing and electric. For a moment, Jackson lay frozen then let instinct take over. He slid his hand behind her hair, deepening the kiss. He brushed his tongue across her lips until she opened for him.

The taste of her was just as he remembered. Sweet and sultry.

His fingers tightened around her tousled strands as he held her to him. If he was dreaming, he didn’t want to wake up. He’d spent so long wanting her right where she was, his body nearly begged for release.

She drew back up, her breath coming out in soft pants as she stared down at him with a look he instantly recognized.

She wanted him.

Without hesitation, she pulled her nightgown over her head and let it drop to the ground. His eyes instantly fell to her perfectly round breasts and dusky brown nipples. They were as lovely as he remembered them.

He couldn’t stop himself from reaching out and cupping a plump mound. His hand covered her breast completely and he gave it a gentle squeeze. She was soft everywhere. Except her nipples. It stabbed against his palm and he ran his thumb across it. She moaned softly, and he did it again before letting his hand slid down her narrow waist to cup her hips.

He couldn’t get enough of her delicate beauty and wanted to explore every inch of her. He brought his hand under her crotch and slid a finger between her folds until he captured her small nub between his fingers.

“Is this what you want?”

Truth dug her fingers into his abdomen as a harsh moan escaped. He gritted his teeth against the pleasure that the sound brought him. She was already wet for him and he couldn’t resist sliding his fingers between them again. Another sharp gasp was wrenched from her and she began to rock against his fingers.

“That’s it, baby.” This time, his voice was guttural as he continued to stroke and encourage her. “Take what you need.”

He didn’t know where this sudden desire for him had come from, but they both needed this and he had no intentions of turning her away. He’d waited long enough to have her and tonight he planned to touch and taste every inch of her.

He pulled his fingers away and she let out a soft whimper. His grin was strained as he rubbed his hands up her thighs and hips.

“Don’t worry, baby. I’m going to take care of you.”

Gripping her hips with both hands, Jackson yanked her forward until she was straddling his face. She let out a sharp cry before steadying herself on the headboard behind him. She tried to pull away, but he held her firmly to him. Her soft thighs tensed and trembled around his head, but Jackson couldn’t concentrate on anything else except tasting her.

He ran his tongue along her soft, slick flesh and delicate nub. She bucked and moaned above him, but he didn’t relent. He looped his arms around her thighs and sucked strongly at her clit. He couldn’t get enough of her sweet taste, even as her liquid heat trickled down his chin.

Her soft cries of pleasure grew louder, and he used that moment to send her over the edge. With a vigorous stroke of his tongue, he pressed his thumb into her wet channel and applied just enough pressure. With a sharp gasp, she locked her thighs around his head and shuddered over him before dissolving into a limp puddle beside him.

With a fluid motion, Jackson jerked off his boxers and came over her. Beneath him, she felt soft and fragile and his body begged to be inside her. He propped his weigh on his arms and stared down at her. She peered up at him through hooded eyes and her gentle smile filled him with incredible lust.

His cock strained against her, but he drew in a deep breath and forced himself to regain some control. He wanted tonight to last a while.

Jackson dipped his head and captured her lips for a deep kiss. He swept his tongue into her warm mouth and she shyly glided hers along his before sucking at him gently.

A low, harsh groan tore from his throat and he didn’t know how much longer he could hold out. He wanted to plunge into her hard and deep, but he knew the moment he did he would be lost. And there was so much more of her he still had to explore.

Jackson tore his lips away from hers and brought his head down to her breasts. He pulled a taut nipple into his mouth and savored its texture and sweetness. Truth released a soft gasp and laced her fingers through his hair.

“Jackson…”

His name came out in a breathy moan and he couldn’t remember hearing anything so erotic. He licked his way over to her other nipple, giving it the same careful attention. Her fingers tightened around his hair before she brought her hands down to his bare shoulders and scraped her fingernails across his damp skin.

“Jackson…” she murmured, her hips rising eagerly against him. “I need you inside me.”

That whispered plea was his undoing.

With a harsh sound, Jackson gripped her thigh and lifted it high. He grasped his rigid shaft and guided it into her, savoring every inch of her tight, wet passage. Jackson shut his eyes against the incredible pleasure. Coming into her was indescribable and as much as he tried, he could no longer hold on to his restraint.

With one swift thrust, he plunged into her deeply. She cried out and he held himself still, though the effort took everything he had.

“Did I hurt you?” The question came out strained as he tried to regulate his breathing.

She relaxed her grip on his arms and ran her palms down his back and shoulders. “No.”

He rested his forehead against hers and chuckled low. “Liar.”

Her lips pulled into a soft smile as she continued to caress him. “Okay, just a little.”

“I’m sorry, baby.” Jackson softly pressed his lips against hers before trailing light kisses along her throat.

She trembled and tightened her arms around him. “Don’t be sorry,” she whispered close to his ear. “Just make love to me.”

Jackson didn’t hesitate. He thrust slowly into her again, each measured stroke bringing him closer to sweet release. But he fought against it. He wanted to savor every second he was inside her. He wanted to stay in her beautifully generous body a little longer…

With one swift motion, Jackson rolled onto his back and pulled her over him until she straddled his hips. He gritted his teeth on a harsh groaned as the new position brought him deeper inside her.

Truth flattened her palms against his abdomen and didn’t hesitate in finding her own rhythm. She arched her back as she slowly lifted and came down on his rigid cock. On the last down stroke, she rotated her hips and Jackson groaned at the pleasure the small action pierced through him.

When the need for release grew between them, she began to ride him hard, rising and falling on his shaft with lusty abandon. With a harsh grunt, his control snapped. He clasped his hands around her hips and held her steady as he pumped his cock into her.

The sight of his thick cock disappearing into her tight pussy pushed him over the edge and with one last thrust, he came with an intensity that bordered on pain. Truth soon followed him, her petite body trembling violently above him.

She eventually fell over him, and he couldn’t be certain which of their hearts was beating the loudest. Though, he realized it didn’t matter. If he died in her arms tonight, it would have been worth it.

Jackson ran his palm along her slender back and over the curve of her lush ass, unable to stop touching her. Truth lifted her head from his shoulders and smiled down at him. He had little time to return her sluggish grin before she fitted her soft lips against his. She kissed him tenderly and sweetly, and something warm and strange began to settle inside him. When he recognized the joy that was settling inside him, it scared him to death.

But he held on to it desperately.

For tonight, he would focus on the soft, sweet body above him and embrace this fleeting moment of happiness.



Truth rolled onto her back, and stretched along the smooth sheets. She was naked and sore all over. For a moment, she didn’t understand why.

Until everything from last night came rushing to her.

I’m in Jackson’s bed.

Blinking away the fog, Truth slowly sat up in bed and pulled the sheet over her breasts. Last night, they had been nothing but pure passion and stamina, and she had the delicious aches along her body to prove it.

She swept her hair from her eyes and glanced over at the foot of the bed where Jackson sat, his broad back to her. He was naked except for his boxers and she admired the muscular planes of his back and shoulders.

Before last night, she would have been forced to admire him from afar. But after last night, she had no doubt as to how much he desired her and could touch and kiss him whenever she pleased. He had been insatiable, and nothing could have prepared her for the mind-numbing pleasure he had given her.

With a small smile, Truth dropped the sheet and slowly crawled over to him. She pressed her nude breasts against his back as she snaked her arm over his shoulder and slid her palm down his chest. He tensed against her as she pressed a light kiss against his neck.

“Good morning.”

Truth pressed another kiss on the side of his neck then his scruffy jaw. He remained rigid against her, though one quick glance down at his lap proved he wasn’t completely unaffected by her touch. Relieved, she slowly trailed her palm down over his abdomen.

Neither one of them should have any energy left after last night, but Truth wanted him again. She wanted to feel his hard length deep inside her again.

Just before she could slip her hand inside his boxers, he seized her hand.

“Stop.”

She froze. He let go of her hand and she stared at his tense profile, concerned.

“Jackson?”

She threaded her fingers along the back of his hair and he jerked away from her.

“I said stop.”

Truth was so stunned by the abrupt action and harsh command, she let her hand drop to her lap.

“Jackson, what’s wrong?”

For a heart-wrenching moment, she wondered if he was having regrets. But that didn’t make sense. They cared for each other, and last night proved he wanted her just as much as she wanted him. After everything they’ve been through together, it only made sense that their feelings for each other would blossom into something more. She just had expected it to carry this much intensity.

“Jackson? Please talk to me.”

Instead, he scooped up her nightgown and tossed it to her. “You should go back to your room.”

Truth stared down at the rumpled material in front of her, dazed and beyond words at his cold demand. “You’re kicking me out of your bed?”

“Don’t sound so dramatic,” he snapped, not looking at her. “Don’t make anything more of this than it is. It was just sex. We were both horny and did something about it. That’s all.”

“I’m not buying this tough guy act, Jackson.” Her voice cracked, and she swallowed the lump forming in her throat. “Last night was more than just sex and we both felt it. Why are you trying to ruin that?”

He blew out a frustrated breath and ran his fingers through his hair, but still didn’t look at her. “Look, let’s not make this awkward, all right? We both got what we needed, when we needed it. There’s no reason why things can’t return to the way they were.”

“What the hell does that mean?”

“It means last night was a mistake, and I’m not about to screw my brother’s wife a second time.”

Truth sucked in a sharp breath and held on to her outrage. “If you’re trying to make me feel guilty, Jackson, it’s not working. I loved Danny, and I miss him. But falling in love again and being happy isn’t going to bring him back or change how I feel about him.”

Jackson released a harsh laugh and whipped around to face her then. His dark eyes were cold and expressionless. For a moment, she wondered if she had been wrong about them…about him.

“Whatever you think you feel for me, Truth, it’s not real. It’s what you feel after really great sex. You’re not falling in love with me and I’m definitely not the type of guy that will give you the life you want.”

“Don’t assume to know how I feel or what I want, Jackson. It’s your conscience that’s muddled. Not mine.”

“You’re right. And now that I got you out of my system, I can finally think straight. Now get out.”

She stared at him searchingly, not recognizing the man in front of her. Whatever she felt for him, she knew it was special and she knew he felt it too. She just didn’t understand why he was trying so hard to fight it. Why he was trying to convince himself he wasn’t worthy of love.

“What are you so afraid of, Jackson?” she finally whispered. “Why don’t you think you deserve to be happy?”

Something akin to regret flared in his eyes, but it was quickly masked by anger and annoyance. “The only thing I’m afraid of is being saddled with another burden.” His gaze dropped down to her belly. “I hope you thought about that before you came in here last night.”

Something sharp twisted in her chest, and for a moment she couldn’t move, couldn’t speak. She tore her gaze away from his and blinked away the tears that threatened to cloud her vision.

Except, her vision was already clouded.

He wasn’t the man she thought he was. He was cruel and heartless and every bit the lowlife he made himself out to be.

“Okay, Jackson. You win. You are a bastard.” Unable to stand the scrutiny of her nude body, Truth scrambled into her nightgown and hop out of his bed. “And I’m on the pill so you have nothing to worry about.”

With that, she fled his room.





Fifteen





Jackson cursed and tossed the broken wood piece with the others.

Two hours and he had nothing to show for it besides a pile of crack and split wood. It seemed like the perfect metaphor for his life.

Everything he touched, he destroyed.

And his most recent damage was Truth.

He had effortlessly destroyed any warm feelings she may have held for him. It was exactly what he had set out to do after an incredible night in her arms. She didn’t need someone like him in her life. Everyone around him always got hurt or ended up dead.

He couldn’t allow her to get close enough and end up the same way. But the crushed look on her face that morning replayed itself in his head, until he couldn’t stand it.

Rage at himself at the unfairness of it all, made him want to break something. And when the thin wood in his hands snapped, Jackson released a vicious curse and slammed it on the ground.

The new project would have to wait.

He tugged off his gloves and safety goggles and threw then on the counter. He was done for today. He wasn’t getting anything done and was wasting more material.

Jackson locked up his shed and started back to the house. After this morning, things would never be the same between them and he dreaded going inside, not when it was filled with memories of happier times.

Before Jackson could reach the steps, a white van pulled up. He stopped and waited for the unwanted visited to pull up. Daisy, who had been at his heels, also stopped. As the van drew near, Jackson made out the company name printed on the side. Animal Control.

Jackson tensed, glancing at the man who climbed out of the van. He glanced at him then Daisy before he approached. He held a letter in one hand and a leash in the other. Jackson took a step forward. “If you know what’s good for you, you’ll climb back in that truck and get the hell off my property.”

The man stopped in his tracks then held out the letter. “This is a warrant to seize your dog, Sir.”

“On what grounds?”

“There’s been a complaint filed that your dog has displayed vicious behavior and potentially dangerous to the public.”

“That’s bullshit. I want you off my property. Now.”

“I’m sorry, Sir. But I can’t leave here without.”

Jackson snatched the warrant from the man and ripped it in half. “Problem solved. Now go!”

The man stared at the torn warrant, his lips pressed into grim line. He went back into his truck, but instead of driving off as Jackson expected, he got on his phone.

Daisy began whimpering behind him and Jackson rubbed her back.

“Don’t worry, girl. No one’s taking you from me.”

But within minutes, two sheriff vehicles pulled up to his home. Mike climbed out of his and stared toward him.

“Jackson, what seems to be the problem?”

“There is none. As long as that son of a bitch stays away from my dog.”

Mike sighed, and glanced back at the animal controller, who stood a few feet away, the leash still clutched in his hand.

“Come on, man. Just let him do his job. You can straighten this all out when it gets to court.”

“There’s nothing to straighten out. My dog didn’t do anything. She wouldn’t hurt a fucking fly.”

Mike glanced at Daisy, his brow arched. There was doubt in the other man’s face and it only added to his frustration. He wouldn’t let his dog be treated like a vicious animal just because of what she looked like or her size.

“Unfortunately, you can’t stop him,” Mike said. “Now, let’s not make this any worse.”

Suddenly, the man came forward and Jackson tried to block his way. Mike grabbed his arm and he stopped, anger and helpless frustration building inside him.

He had already loss the woman he loved, he couldn’t lose his best friend too.

“This is bullshit,” Jackson snapped gruffly.

Suddenly, Daisy released a loud yelp. Jackson started in horror as she tipped to her side.

Jackson saw red and without thinking, he lunged at the man. His fist connected with the man’s jaw before he felt several arms around him.

“God damn it, Jackson!”

Everything became a blue as he was slammed to the ground and held there. He watched as Daisy was being muzzled and chained as a pair of cold, hard cuffs tightened around his wrists.



“What the hell were you thinking, Jackson? Assaulting a city official. That’s a goddamn felony.”

Jackson lifted his head from his hands. He met Guy’s hard gaze through the cell bars, trying not to let the enormity of his situation consume him.

“I thought he hurt Daisy and I fucking lost it. Is she okay?”

“She’s at the city pond. I won’t know much else until the papers are processed.”

Jackson clinched his jaw and stared down at his hands. He couldn’t do shit about it while he was in here and he had no one to blame but himself. If anything happened to her, it would be his fault.

“And the animal cop… How’s he?”

“He’s definitely pressing charges, if that’s what you’re really asking,” Guy snapped.

Jackson dropped his head in his hands and shut his eyes. He hadn’t meant to hurt anyone, but he was sure Guy wouldn’t behave that. All he was ever good at was hurting people.

“I won’t be getting out of here, will I?”

“I’m afraid not. Not until Monday, anyway, when you can post bail.”

Fuck.

“I’ll have one of the deputies come for your phone call, but is there anyone else you want me to call?”

Jackson shook his head. Other than Truth, he had no one else.

Guy sighed. “Look, I know this is tough and I’ll do my best to make things comfortable for you, but this is serious. I can’t give you a slap on the wrist this time.”

Jackson nodded stiffly. “I know, and I appreciate it. I’m not expecting any favors, but if I can make that call sooner than later, I would appreciate it.”

Guy nodded. He turned to leave than paused. “I can see about bringing your sister-in-law here if you’d like. It helps to have family close.”

Jackson swallowed wanting nothing more than to have her close, but he shook his head. “No thanks. I don’t want her to see me in here.”

Guy nodded and left him alone. He leaned against the cold, hard wall and stared out at the bare walls in front of him. He couldn’t remember the countless times he found himself sitting here staring vaguely at that same wall. At that time, he hadn’t cared about anything or anyone. Hell, he hadn’t even cared about himself. But now that he was on a path to reclaiming his life, he felt suffocated sitting here.

He shut his eyes and thought about the one woman whose gentle smile had served as an anchor during his darkest moments. Even now just the thought of her eased the sudden tightness in his chest.

And yet he tried to drive her away. She had done the unthinkable, had come to him expressed her desire for him, and still he had shoved her away.

What the hell was the matter with him?

A woman like that came once in a man’s life time and instead of telling her how he really felt, he had made her feel cheap.

What are you afraid of?

Her question still haunted him. He wasn’t afraid of loving her, because he already did.

He was afraid that the moment he found love and happiness, it would be taken away from him because he didn’t deserve it.

He didn’t deserve to be happy, least of all with her.



Truth was frantic when she got home.

She had picked up a double shift so that she didn’t have to face Jackson after last night. Now she was home after sixteen hours and was too exhausted to think straight.

Truth sat at the kitchen table and replayed Guy Lawson’s message again.

“I’m sorry, Savvy but I can’t stay.”

“Yes, of course. I just wanted to drop these off.” She lifted a basket of fresh fruit. “Where’s Jackson and Daisy?”

To her dismay, tears began to cloud her vision and roll down her cheeks.

Savvy’s brows pulled together with worry. “Truth, what’s wrong?”

“They took them away.”

With that basic explanation, she burst into tears. Nothing good ever seemed to last for her. Jackson and Daisy were gone and perhaps for a very long time. Without them, she came to the stark realization that she was all alone here. It was too much.

Savvy placed down the basket and pulled her into a hug. Truth leaned into the other woman’s embrace, accepting her comfort and support. She barely knew her, but it didn’t matter to Truth. Right now, Savvy was offering her friendship and Truth was grateful for it.

“It’ll be okay, hon,” Savvy said, rubbing her back. “Now tell me what happened.”

Truth told her as much as she knew, starting with the sheriff’s voice message and the tow truck driver’s lies about Daisy that had resulted in Jackson’s arrest.

“I need to find out where they took Daisy and see if I can get her out. Then there’s Jackson, but since it’s Saturday, I’ll have to wait until Monday to see if bail will be set for him.” Truth rubbed her palm over her forehead and tried to blink back the fresh tears that sprang into her eyes. “Maybe I should look for a lawyer first, right? Are there any good ones here in town? What do you think?”

Savvy took her hand and gave it a squeeze. “I think the lawyer is a good idea, but one thing at a time. Like you said, it’s the weekend so there probably isn’t much we can do now. And you look like you could really use some sleep.”

Truth shut her eyes briefly, her weariness suddenly getting the best of her. “None of this is fair. They both should be here. At home.”

“They will be,” Savvy said, patting her hand reassuringly. “I can call my cousin Quinn. She’s a lawyer and might be able to offer some legal advice on this.”

“Any help from her would be so appreciated.”

“I don’t know how familiar she is with Virginia law, but we’ll see. You start calling some of the local animal shelters that has Daisy. It’ll be quicker than driving around everywhere.”

“Thank you, Savvy.”

“Don’t thank me yet,” Savvy said, pulling out her cellphone. “She hasn’t been the most reliable person these days.”



Truth stood in the small waiting area, her nerves strong tight as she waited for Jackson to walk through the security door.

She hadn’t seen or talk to him in three days and her concern for him had kept her awake during that time. There was little she could do about the smudges under eyes or the stress lines forming around her mouth so she didn’t bother. Her only thought that morning was to post his bail and get him out of there.

When a loud buzzer sounded, Truth jolted and turned to the door. It came open and Jackson walked out. Her breath caught in her throat at the sight of him.

He looked like a man who hadn’t showered or slept for days. There was a tear on his sleeve and dirt smudged on his shirt and jeans, but he otherwise looked unharmed and she couldn’t be more relieved.

Jackson stopped just a few feet away from her and gaze moving over hers. Despite everything that had happened between them, or the angry words they had said to each other, she had missed him and wanted nothing more than to throw her arms around him.

But she wasn’t stupid enough to think that he would welcome her touch again.

“Did you find out where they took Daisy?”

“Yes, and I picked her up yesterday morning.”

He nodded. “Then let’s go home.”

The drive back to the house was silent and tense. There was so much to talk about that just thinking about it all gave her a headache.

“Do you want to stop and get something to eat?” she glanced at his profile, but he sat quiet staring straight ahead.

“No.”

Truth pursed her lips and said nothing else. When they pulled up to the house Daisy was making enough noise to reach the other side of town.

The minutes Jackson opened the door, Daisy burst out and started climbing all over him. He dropped to his knees and gave her a hug and letting her lick all over him.

“I missed you, too, girl.”

Truth stood off to the side watching them.

She hadn’t expected the same kind of enthusiastic reunion, but she wished he had shown her a fraction of that kind of affection. She had never been jealous of another person, much less a dog, but in that moment she was and she hated how it made her feel.

For everything she had done for him, for the past sleepless nights she spent worrying about him, he could have bothered to miss her a little.





Sixteen





“Isn’t my cousin great or what?”

Jackson sifted through the documents Savvy’s cousin had overnight to him. He almost couldn’t believe his good luck if he wasn’t staring at it himself.

“So if I take this plea deal, this all goes away?”

“Not necessarily,” Quinn Michaels said over the phone. “You’ll have to pay a fine and it’ll be on your permanent record, but with a reduced charge of a misdemeanor and forty-five days probation, you couldn’t get a better deal.”

“Okay, I’ll take it,” Jackson said, the weight of this problem suddenly lifting from his shoulders. “And what about Daisy?”

“The hearing is scheduled for next month, but I’m working on getting that case dismissed. Thanks to the pictures Truth took, it won’t be hard to prove that the complainant exaggerated in his report. So long as you follow the court mandates, you should be fine.”

Jackson released a deep breath and stared over at Savvy, who beamed excitedly at him.

“Thanks, Quinn. I owe you big time.”

“Don’t worry about it,” Quinn said. “It’s the least I could do, seeing as my cousin almost killed you.”

Savvy’s face fell as she glared down at the phone. “You didn’t have to bring that up, Quinn. Now when will you be back in town?”

Quinn paused then said, “I’m still working out the date, but I’ll be in touch. Later.”

She ended the call with a promise to get the paperwork filed as soon as he got them back to her. Jackson walked Savvy out, also offering her his immense gratitude.”

“It looks like twice you saved my ass,” he said. “Keep this up and I may have to call you my guardian angel.”

“Ha!” Savvy scoffed. “As much as I like the sound of that, I can’t take all the credit. Your sister-in-law really cares about you. You should have seen her last weekend. She was determined to get you and Daisy back home.”

Jackson nodded stiffly, though he had to wonder why. Since he’d been back, Truth had said very little to him and seemed to be working longer hours at the hospital. He could understand if she was still pissed with him for kicking her out of his bed, but he’d hoped that after his release they could work things out. Instead, she made her presence scarce.

Savvy climbed into her car, then rolled down her window. “Oh, and can you tell Truth that I haven’t forgotten about her. It’s just hard to find a place to rent around here. When were you guys thinking of moving?”

Jackson stiffened, and he frowned down at her. “We’re not.”

“Oh.” Savvy paused then shrugged. “Maybe she was asking for a friend.”

She pulled out of the drive way and Jackson returned to the house, his mind racing.

Truth wanted to move out?

Things may have gotten strained between them, but he didn’t think they had gotten that bad. The thought of her leaving filled him with panic and something else he couldn’t name. All he knew was that he didn’t want her to leave.

He waited for her to come home later that evening. He could have waited until morning to broach the subject, but he couldn’t wait that long. He needed to know whether Savvy had been mistaken.

He entered the kitchen to find her still in her blue scrubs, picking through the fruit basket Savvy had brought earlier. If he had been paying closer attention before he would have noticed that her scrubs were fitting more loosely on her and the space beneath her eyes were sunken and dark with fatigue.

“Hey.”

“Hi,” she grabbed a pear from the group and rinsed it not spanning him a glance.

“I spoke with my lawyer today. Looks like we’ll be able to cut a deal.”

She turned to him then, the fruit clutched in front of her with both hands. “Good. I’m glad.”

“Yeah? Then why are you trying to leave?”

She glanced away from him and it was all the confirmation he needed. Something inside him twisted.

“You can’t leave, Truth.”

She frowned and turned her sharp glare at him. “Yes, I can. I intend to as soon as I find a place. And trust me, it will be soon.”

He sighed. “Okay, let me rephrase that. I don’t want you to leave.”

For a moment she looked surprised then tilted her head to the side. “Why? You don’t need me here anymore.”

His gaze moved over hers and he wondered how she could possibly believe that. “I need you more than you know,” he said, his voice rough with emotion.

She stood there frozen, her eye luminous as they stared up at him. But she quickly blinked and averted her eyes. “What you need, Jackson, is to learn to appreciate the people who care about you. I gave up a lot of myself and my time to be here for you, and you still hate me.”

Jackson’s head snapped up. “What? I don’t hate you, Truth.”

“Yes, you do. You try to hide it, but I know it’s there. You hate me for what happened to Danny. I know you blame me for it. If I hadn’t asked him to come, he wouldn’t have been on that plane.”

Jackson shook his head trying to process everything she just said. Tears began to fall down her checks and he closed the space between them, pulling her into his arms.

“I don’t blame you for what happened to Danny, Truth. Why would you think that? If anyone’s to blame, it’s me. He should have never been on that plane and if it weren’t for me, he would have been home much sooner.”

That realization had been a burden he’d carried with him for a long time and would continue to carry. “It’s my fault he was on that plane.”

Truth pulled away from him and shook her head vehemently. “No, it’s not. It was just a tragic accident.” Her gaze dropped to his chest, “And I don’t think Danny would want us spending the rest of our lives blaming ourselves. He would want us to be happy.”

“I could never really be happy. Not without you.”

“It’s obvious you want me, and I want to be with you,” she said quietly. “Why do you keep pushing me away?”

“Because I know how much Danny loved you and you deserve more. You deserve better.”

To his surprise, she pushed away from him, her eyes ablaze with anger.

“That’s your response? I wish you had shown me what a coward you were before you let me fall in love with you.”

Jackson stilled. He had always been certain about his feelings for and overtime had come to accept that they would never change. But he had never imagined those feeling would be returned.

“You love me?”

She glared at him and scoffed. “Only god knows why.”

But her angry words couldn’t dampen the happiness that swelled inside him. He had never imagined that he would ever truly find love and yet here stood the woman of his dreams professing her love for him even while daggers shot from her eyes.

Suddenly, a wide grin stretched across his lips and Jackson scooped her in his arms.

“Jackson!”

She looped her arms around his neck and he cut off her next outburst with a deep kiss. He moved them to his bedroom, not breaking the electric contact until he had her placed in the center of his bed.

She stared up at him dazed as he kicked off his shoes and began peeling of his shirt.

“Jackson…” Her gaze dropped to his chest and she ran her tongue over her lower lip before bringing her eyes back up to his. “What are you doing?”

“What I should have done before.” He crawled over her then captured her lips for another deep kiss. “I’m going to show you how much I really love you, too.”



Truth shivered as warm lips pressed against her shoulder and trailed up to the back of her neck. His beard tickled her skin and she sighed as he continued brushing his lips along her neck and up to her jaw.

This was how she wanted to spend the morning after their night of love-making. Waking up to warm kisses and tender caresses. But they didn’t stop there.

Her eyes fluttered open as he rolled her on to her back and came over her. He kissed her deeply as he settled between her legs. Her breath caught as his hard shaft pressed against her soft folds.

There was something about his loving that made her body insatiable and she lift her hips against him, urging him inside.

He answered her silent plea with a slow, gentle thrust. Truth whimpered against his lips at the incredible pleasure of his thick shaft filling and stretching her.

She wrapped her arms around him and held on as he thrust strongly into her again and again. Soft gasps and moans escaped her as he brought her closer to fulfilment. She bit her lip against the building pleasure, but with one hard thrust, her body exploded, and she cried out from the unbelievable pleasure. A low growl mumbled from Jackson’s throat as he too gave into the unbelievable pleasure.

They held each for a while as their hearts returned to its usual tempo. Truth ran her palm down his damp back as he pressed kisses along her neck and chest.

He then captured her lips for a deep kiss before he pulled away and stared down at her. She could resist the urge to run her fingers through his bed tousled hair.

“I love you, Jackson.” She hadn’t planned to say those words, but she couldn’t take them back. She didn’t want to.

He gazed down at her and his eyes held a tenderness that she had never seen before.

“I’m sorry,” he said quietly.

“For what?”

“For taking you for granted. For not saying thank you enough. For not loving you the way I should have sooner.”

Tears welled in her eyes and she threaded her fingers through this hair again.

“I forgive you,” she murmured then brought his head down for another deep kiss.

Suddenly, there was scratching and whimpering at the door and they both turned to it.

“Should I let her in?” Jackson asked.

Truth cocked a brow, a vehement ‘no’ ready on her lips. But then she remembered how it felt to feel alone and sighed.

“Okay, but she stays off the bed.”

Truth pulled the covers over her as she sat up on the bed. Jerking on his boxers, Jackson opened the door and Daisy burst in.

“Daisy, stay.”

But she ignored Jackson’s command and bounded on the bed. Truth laughed and groaned as she licked her face then settled herself down on the bed.

“Good morning to you too,” Truth muttered, patting her back. Daisy turned and licked her hand, leaving a heavy glob of drool behind. Truth sighed. She needed a shower anyway.

“You get a pass today, girl. But after today, we’re going to have to set some ground rules.”

Jackson climbed back in to the bed beside her and the spring shrieked loudly. “See. This bed isn’t big enough for the three of us.”

No sooner where those words out of his mouth, there was a loud crack and they went plunging down with a heavy thud.

They all stared at each other for a tense, silent moment before Truth couldn’t control herself. She burst out laughing.



“You look pretty,” Jackson said, admiring Truth from behind as she finished applying her make-up. “Where are you off too?”

She hesitated for a moment then capped her lipstick tube and turned to him.

“I’m going to see Danny.”

Jackson tensed then it suddenly dawned on him what today was.

“It’s his birthday.”

She placed the lipstick down and smoothed her palms down her dress. “Yes, and since I haven’t been by to visit since I’ve been back I thought today would be a good time.”

He hadn’t been by his brother’s gravesite in months either not since his accident. And the few times he’d gone there, he’d been drunk out his ass.

At first he had resented the idea of an empty gravesite, believing it made a mockery of his brother’s memory. But overtime he’d come to appreciate having a tangible place where he could come and visit. It was time he honored his brother with a proper visit.

“Give me a minute to change and I’ll come with you.”

“Are you sure?” Her eyes were probing.

“Yeah.”

It didn’t take him long to change and soon they were on their way.

“I’d like to stop and get some flowers,” Truth whispered.

They made a quick detour and was soon on their way. For early October the weather was perfect. The sun was shining bright and the sky was a bright, vibrant blue. The fall leaves were coming in, transforming the landscape to vibrant tapestry of rustic reds and warm gold. Yet, despite the beauty around him, he couldn’t ignore the bleakness of the moment.

They rode mostly in silence and it dawned on him that this was exactly the kind of beauty and peace Danny would have wanted on his birthday. Nothing could have been more fitting.

When they pulled into the commentary, he put the car in park but didn’t shut off the engine. Truth looked at him curiously, the flowers clutched in her hands.

“Do me a favor and hand me the CD in the glove box.”

She pulled open the compartment and handed him the compact disc.

“What is that?”

“It’s Danny’s first demo.” Jackson slid the disc into the player and smiled as the rough acoustics began to play.

“He recorded this a year after he told me he was going to pursue music instead of going to college. I wanted to kick his ass when he told me that. Of the two of us, he was supposed to be the smart one.”

“He told me about that,” Truth said. “He said you didn’t speak to him for a week.”

Jackson scoffed. “It was more like two and he was the one who ignored me. But eventually I got over it. Hell, it wasn’t as if I was leading by example and there was no changing his mind.”

The acoustic filled the cabin of his truck and they sat for a moment enjoying the rhythms and beats that came from the guitar strings.

“He was very good,” Truth murmured.

“Yeah, he was, I didn’t realize how good until he handed me this CD. And this shit gave me goosebumps, it was that good.”

He fell silent, letting the music play to the end. When the music ended, he shut off the engine and turned to her.

“I was very proud of him. He was my baby brother, talented as all hell, and the one person I looked up to.” Jackson stared out at the cemetery gates, swallowing the lumps in his throat. “But I never told him any of that… I never told him a lot of things.”

Truth slipped her hand into his and held if tight. “You can tell him now.”

He turned back to her and though her eyes were luminous, her smile was enough to cast away the shadows in his heart.

“Ready?”

He brought hand to his lips and returned he gentle smile. “Yeah. I’m ready.”





Epilogue





Four weeks later…



“Thanks for getting out the vote,” Gloria said, handing the bag to her customer. “Enjoy the body butter.”

Truth waited until the next woman in front of her finished her transaction before she approached the counter. “Looks like business is doing good today, Gloria. What’s your secret?”

Gloria grinned then leaned in and whispered, “I’m giving away free samples of Mya’s body creams to those with an ‘I voted’ sticker.”

“Ah…how patriotic of you.” Truth looked at the large banner hanging behind her. “I see Eric Benson has your full support.”

Gloria shrugged. “He’s young, but I think he’s going to be good for our town. And we needed to clear up some inventory, so everyone wins.”

They both laughed.

“So what can I help you with, honey?”

Truth fingered one the necklaces hanging from the jewelry display on the counter. “I need a new chain. Something small and simple will do.”

The corner of her lips lifted. “Is it for someone in particular?”

Truth ignored her knowing glance. It was no secret around town that she and Jackson were in a serious relationship now. It had made things a bit awkward between her and Mike, but luckily they saw little of each other. And as much as Truth was happy to let the world know that she was with the man she loved, she didn’t want their budding relationship to be the town’s main source of gossip.

“Actually, it’s for this.” Truth held up her old wedding ring. She had brought the gold band to one of the jewelers, and had it made into a simple teardrop pendant.

Gloria peered down at it with admiration. “That’s lovely. Old family heirloom?”

“No, it’s my old wedding ring. I’d rather keep it close then bury it away in my jewelry box.”

Gloria gave her a look of understanding then looked through the display case with the hanging necklaces.

“I think this would go beautifully with it.” She pulled down a thin gold chain and undid the clasp. “Here, let’s try it on you.”

Truth looped the pendant through the chain. She fastened it around her neck with Gloria’s help and let the small charm nestle neatly on her chest. She studied herself in the small display mirror and lightly ran her finger along the band.

“You’re right, Gloria. It’s perfect.”

It had taken her a while to decide what she wanted to do with her old wedding ring, not ready to completely hide the symbol of her love for Danny. Jackson may have stolen her heart, but Danny would always be her first love.

As Gloria rang her out, the bell above the shop door rang. Jackson came striding in and, as usual, Truth’s heart skipped a beat. He was in faded jeans and a black sweater, yet he looked incredibly handsome every time she looked at him. He had let his hair grow out a bit and had it secured at the nape of his neck.

“Gloria, do you know when Mya’s coming in?” Jackson asked. “She asked me to meet her at her shop today.”

“She’s in bed sick, the poor thing.”

Truth frowned in concern. “Is she all right?”

“It’s not public knowledge yet but…” Gloria glanced between them both, then smiled wide and leaned in close. “She’s pregnant!”

Truth gasped excitedly. “Oh, that’s wonderful! Congratulations!”

“Thank you,” Gloria gushed. “You don’t know how long I’ve been waiting for grandbabies. Though this one is giving her a time of it.”

“Does she still plan to renovate the store?” Jackson asked.

“Yes, of course,” Gloria said. “But we’re ordering her to take it easy until the morning sickness passes. Why don’t you come back tomorrow and I can get you started on what needs to get done.”

They said their goodbyes and left the store. As they made the short walk to his truck, Truth couldn’t help thinking about Mya and her pregnancy—and how excited she must be to become a new mother. Though a baby wasn’t in her immediate plans, Truth couldn’t help thinking about having a baby of her own. With the man she loved.

She glanced over at Jackson, and he appeared lost in thought too. With the animal control case dismissed and his probation nearly over, he could finally concentrate on developing his business. That was one area he placed a lot of careful time and attention too and business was steadily growing because of it.

Another area he had placed his focus on was her and their growing relationship. Getting him to open up about his feelings wasn’t as difficult as it had been in the past and because of it they grew closer together. He was every bit the passionate, loving, and complex man she knew he was and every day she fell a little more in love with him.

When they reached the passenger door of his truck, he paused before helping her inside. He appeared mulling something over in his head and uncertain about his next words.

“Jackson?”

“I want what they have,” he suddenly blurted out.

Truth cocked her head to the side and studied him curiously. “Who?”

“Guy and Mya. I want the nice home, and the baby on the way.” He took her hand and laced his fingers through hers. “I want to go to bed and wake up with the woman I love…the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with.”

Her breath caught in her throat, and she stared at him searchingly. He hadn’t said the words, but she knew where he was going with this and her heart screamed its response.

“Truth…will you marry me?”

“Yes.”

She uttered that single word swiftly and with conviction.

For a moment, he looked stunned then a wide smile stretched across his lips and he swept her in his arms.

“Was that really a yes?”

She wrapped her arms around him and nodded vigorously, the love and happiness she felt in that moment filling her with overwhelming her with emotion. There was no denying her love for him and getting a second chance at the life she wanted with the man she loved was more than she could have asked for.

“I love you, Truth,” he whispered close to her ear.

She drew back, and smiled tremulously at him. “I love you, too, Jackson.”

Happiness and desire gleamed in his dark eyes and he gave her fast kiss. “I promise when business starts to grow I’m going to get you the biggest diamond and the wedding of your dreams.”

“I don’t need anything fancy, Jackson. I just need you.”

He ran a finger affectionately along her jaw. “I think I like you needing me.”

“I need you more than you know,” she murmured, repeating the words he had once said to her. She hadn’t believed him then, but she no longer had any reason to doubt his love.

A thought suddenly came to her and she glanced behind her at the boutique. “Wait here.”

She rushed back into the store and Gloria glanced up in surprise.

“Did you forget something, honey?”

“I need to borrow a dress.”

Gloria’s eyes widened, and she stepped from behind the counter. “What? Why?”

“Because I’m going to marry Jackson today.” The older woman gaped at her, but Truth didn’t have to get into specifics. “I promise I’ll bring it right back.”

Gloria snapped out of her daze and smiled brilliantly at her. “Follow me.”

She led them to the back of the shop where two beautiful wedding gowns hung on the rack. Truth instantly recognized the one that had grabbed her eye months ago.

“These were going back to the seller tomorrow, but I think I can delay the shipping for another day.”

Truth didn’t hesitate. She pulled the dress from the rack and held it close to her. “I want this one.”

“Then let’s get you changed.”

They went into one of the small change rooms and within minutes, she was in the delicate wedding gown. With a bit of adjustment, the satin bodice hugged around her petite frame and the layered tulle skirt fell pass her ankles. Her eyes became misty as she looked into the full-length mirror. The dress was exquisite and as beautiful as she imagined it would be.

Gloria stood behind her and nodded approvingly. “You look stunning.”

Truth blinked away the moisture and pulled off the elastic band holding up her ponytail. “Thank you, Gloria. All the credit goes to this beautiful dress.”

“You just need some shoes, and—”

“No, there’s no time,” Truth muttered, swooping her hair into a neat bun at the top of her head. She thought of her semi-worn sneakers on her foot and cringed. They didn’t compliment the dress at all, but luckily the skirt was long enough to keep them covered.

“Are you sure?” Gloria asked. “We have a pretty good selection of shoes that would go great with this dress.”

“What I have on will have to do, Gloria, but thank you.” Truth lifted the long tulle skirt and turned to her.

Gloria wrinkled her nose as she peered down at her shoes. She opened her mouth to say something else then snapped then shut. She gave her a thorough once over, her gaze lingering on the necklace before she nodded thoughtfully.

“You’re right. Those will do. And you are just borrowing the dress, right?”

“Yes,” Truth assured her. “I promised to bring it back completely intact.”

Gloria flashed her a wide smile. “I’m not concerned about that, dear. I just wish you and Jackson a lifetime of love and happiness.”

“Aww, thank you, Gloria.” Truth gave her a quick hug and dashed toward the door.

“Wait, one more thing…”

She whirled back around, her hand on the door handle. “Yes?”

“You really picked a good one and I couldn’t be happier for you two…” the older woman gushed. “But I’ll need that dress back here tomorrow.”

Truth laughed and blew Gloria a kiss. Lifting the skirt of the dress high off the ground, she made it back to the truck, and Jackson straightened from his perch.

His eyes widened and the look on her face made her crazy idea and mad dash totally worth it.

“You look beautiful, baby.”

Truth beamed at him then leaned up and brushed her lips across his. “Thank you. If we hurry now, we just might make it to city hall.”

He drew back, stunned then smiled, his eyes gleaming brightly. “You don’t care that I’ll have on jeans to our wedding?” he asked as he helped her into the truck.

“Nope. I don’t care at all.” She kicked out her leg and pulled back her skirt. “Besides, I like that we sort of match a little.”

He looked down at her blue and white high tops and laughed. “You’re still the sexiest bride in town.”

He climbed in behind the wheel and before he started the truck, he reached behind his hair and pulled off the small rubber band from his hair. He took her hand and looped the thin black band around her ring finger.

“This is just until I can get you a proper ring.”

He looked a bit chagrin as he stared down at her finger. Truth leaned over and gave him a light kiss, then another.

“It’s perfect, Jackson,” she whispered against his lips. “Now…let’s go get married.”





Dear Reader





The journey has been long and hard, but I’m glad Jackson and Truth have finally got their happily-ever-after. Their story is probably my favorite in the series so far and I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed telling it.



And finally…who will be the next mayor of Cedar Bend?



To find out the shocking election results—and discover the full story behind Eric and Quinn’s broken relationship—be sure to download SOMETHING BLUE and get reading!



xoxo,

Lena ♥





Coming next…



Life as a small town mayor’s wife was not what Quinn Michaels had planned for her future with college sweetheart Eric Benson. An accidental pregnancy, however, changes all that and forces them into an unusual arrangement. Will an unexpected baby and quickie wedding be enough to save their strained relationship or only force them further apart?



Reserve your copy of SOMETHING BLUE.





Thanks for reading!





Rate or review the book. Honest reviews are always helpful!



Recommend to your family, friends, and reader groups.



Share with other readers on your favorite social media site.





Books by Lena Hart



CONTEMPORARY

Brides of Cedar Bend series

Something Old

Something New

Something Borrowed

Something Blue



To Be Loved series

First Love

Because You Love Me

Because You Are Mine

Because This Is Forever



Standalones

My Silent New York Night

Her Seductive Dare

It’s a Dare, Baby



SUSPENSE

The Queen Quartette series

His Flower Queen

His Bedpost Queen

Queen of His Heart

His Diamond Queen



City of Sin spin-off series

B is for Bedpost

The Devil’s Bedpost



HISTORICALS

Hearts at War collection

A Sweet Surrender

In the Morning Sun

Amazing Grace





About the Author





Lena Hart is a Florida native currently living in the Harlem edge of New York City. Though she enjoys reading a variety of romance genres, she mainly writes sensual to steamy contemporary, suspense, and historical romances. When Lena is not busy writing, she’s reading, researching, or conferring with her muse. To learn more about her upcoming works, join her Reader Group.



Connect with her on…

www.LenaHartWrites.com

lena@lenahartwrites.com





