A Wrong Turn Towards Love





A darkly comedic adventure befalls a lone black woman that takes a wrong turn, which leads to murder, the Klan and a big sexy mountain man named Bodie. *Warning: graphic sexual descriptions, strong racist language.





Editor:

CeCe Monét

Cover Art:

Kim Chambers





This story is completely a work of fiction. Characters – including their names, places and incidents are products of the authors’ imaginations or are otherwise used fictitiously. Any similarity from this book to events occurring in real life – including locations, or persons living or dead is wholly coincidental.



Copyright © 2013 Pepper Pace.

A Wrong Turn Towards Love. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever, except for short excerpts appearing in book reviews. For reprint or excerpt permission inquiries, please contact the author by e-mail at pepperpace.author@yahoo.com.



First published and distributed in the United States of America in August, 2013 in an anthology with CeCe Monét entitled; Seduction: An Interracial Romance Anthology – Volume 1. Copyright © 2013 Pepper Pace.



ISBN-13: 978-1497360792



ISBN-10: 149736079X





TABLE OF CONTENTS


CHAPTER 1 4


CHAPTER 2 10


CHAPTER 3 15


CHAPTER 4 18


CHAPTER 5 22


CHAPTER 6 28


CHAPTER 7 33


~EPILOGUE~ 37


PEPPER PACE BOOKS 40


ABOUT THE AUTHOR 41


AWARDS 42





Chapter 1




Bodie’s night was going just fine until he heard JD say; “Hey what’s that black bitch doing in here?!”

Bodie didn’t bother to look up. He lit a cigarette and sipped his beer silently. It had been a long day and the only thing he wanted to do was to drink his beer and mind his own business. Somehow he was beginning to suspect that this wouldn’t happen.

“Damn! Look at that ass…”

“I ain’t never went for dark meat but…”

“…going to end up turning this place into a jungle music club…”

Bodie tuned out the sound of their low jabbering. He told Merle to bring him another bottle and then he took one last draw off his cigarette and squelched it out.

His eyes were red and fatigued. He had been working all day on an old junker until his arms and shoulders had begun to feel like two boulders in an old lady’s brassier. He had come to Stubby’s to unwind to the relaxing drone of the familiar recycled conversation that went on night after night. Someone would ask about which car he was currently working on and then they would commence to making small talk to the back drop of a Merle Haggard tune playing over the juke box—or if someone got nostalgic then it was George Jones amidst tearful exclamations of ‘how much it hurt to lose him to the pearly gates’.

After a brief respite from the speculations over the newcomer, Bodie thought he might get his wish for some uncomplicated conversation. And then he heard the one word that he hadn’t wanted to hear; “Fuckin’ Niggers.”

“Man, she’s alone; in OUR joint. She must want some of this white meat!”

“Yeah,” JD agreed. “I’d give her a ride on the ol’ kielbasa sausage.”

“More like cocktail weenie-” Merle laughed.

Bodie got up to take a piss and then he was out of here. He wasn’t testifying on anybody’s behalf. Besides what was a black woman doing in a bootleg joint at one am alone? Though he did have to amend that question since Stubby’s was a general store up front and only a bootleg joint in back. But he never met one single person that thought a general store would be open for operations after midnight…so again, what was a black woman doing back here?

After relieving himself of the two home brews that he’d just ingested Bodie returned to the back room, only this time the sight before him finally captured his attention enough to actually stop and watch.

JD’s dumbass had approached the woman and she was indeed black; a chocolate with no milk, a coffee with no cream-type-of-black. Bodie gazed at her with interest. She was a little thing, no taller than 5’5” but she was fierce. She had one hand on her shapely hip and the other pointing at JD, and she was giving him HELL!

He smirked and then went back to the bar to pay his tab. The rest of the fellas were howling at JD’s expense.

“Hey Bodie, man? You leaving? This is the best show of the night,” Merle chuckled.

“Wasn’t looking for a show, just a few beers,” he commented, leaving a good tip. He then walked past the angry woman and a red faced JD who was still trying to salvage some dignity.

In his truck Bodie quickly forgot about the ruckus as he searched for a CD to play. Nothing suited his taste so he turned on the radio to the oldies channel. He hadn’t lived in the era of the oldies music that he so loved, but at the age of 32 Bodie had never developed an interest in the progressive, or alternative music that most people in his age group listened to. A nice Chicago tune was playing and he began humming while he pulled out of the lot.

He suddenly hit the brakes with a screech. Through the rearview window he caught a glimpse of the woman stalking out of the door…though he didn’t care about that, but he also saw Sully Pranger skulking along in the dark trailing her in the woods.

Sully was an odd fella, kept to himself mostly, but he had been known to raise seven kinds of hell when the mood struck him.

Also, Bodie knew that he had some definite ties to the Klan. The other fellas in the bar might talk a lot of shit, but Sully skulking around in the dark was a different matter.

Bodie did a U-turn, being sure to keep the woman spotlighted in his headlights.

She was pissed at that. But at least Sully disappeared.

Bodie got out of his truck, engine still running.

“What in the hell are you doing?” The woman demanded when he was standing a few feet from her.

Bodie peered into the darkness of the woods but Sully was gone. He gave the woman his attention. She was so petite that he towered over her, but she didn’t seem the least bit intimidated.

“Thought you might need some help.”

The lady blinked, appalled at the nerves of this man.

“You were just in that bar. I could have used some help then.”

“Looked like you were handling yourself fine to me.”

She walked around him. “I don’t need your help, thank you very much!”

“You having car problems?” he yelled after her.

“Yes. And I already called AAA. They’re sending someone right out,” she said without looking back.

“No they ain’t.”

She stopped and gave him a hard look. “What are you talking about?”

Bodie headed back to his truck. Sully was nowhere to be seen and frankly, the lady was a bitch. He wasn’t pressed to help her.

He climbed into his truck yelling over his shoulder. “Because I’m the wrecker in these parts and I didn’t get a page.”

“Well you can’t be the only tow truck around here!” She called out.

“Yup.” He shut his door and drove off.



~PP ~



Bodie wasn’t even a mile down the road when he did another U-turn. His mama always said, ‘God don’t like ugly.’ Also, he guessed he’d be pretty pissy too if he stepped into an all black bar and someone gave him shit.

He pulled back into the parking lot searching until he spotted a beat-up Honda Accord with a slightly less cocky woman sitting behind the wheel. Bodie got out of his truck and gestured for her to roll down her window. She did, seeming relieved.

“What’s wrong with your car?”

“I don’t know. I’ve been having problems with the transmission. But every time before when it stopped I’ve been able to get it started.” She glanced into the woods. Bodie looked over in that direction but didn’t see anything.

“Well pop the hood and let me see what you got.” He peered inside. “Turn her over,” he yelled.

She tried but it was dead.

“You got gas, right?”

She rolled her eyes but hid it quickly. “Yes; I just pulled over and put gas in it.”

“Great.” He mumbled. He slammed the hood shut. “Listen, I’ll drive you down to the Holiday Inn. In the morning I’ll come back and tow the car to the garage.”

She glanced again out towards the woods and then back to Bodie, hesitantly. He smiled then stopped because that would likely scare her more. He wasn’t used to smiling and figured it would look strange on his face. He knew that his height and build intimidated some. He reached into his wallet and pulled out his wrecker license.

“Or if you like, I can just come back with the tow truck. It might take me an hour or so-”

She opened the door quickly while keeping her eyes on both Bodie as well as the woods beyond him.

“You got a fear of the woods?” he asked, scratching his goatee. She shut and locked her car.

“No; a fear of people running around in the woods wearing white hoods.”

Bodie’s expression grew fierce. “That would be Sully Pranger; him and his buddies are playing games. The Klan don’t really suit up unless its parade day.” They had probably heard about the lone black woman at Stubby’s and decided to have some redneck fun.

She gave Bodie an amazed look. “There’s really Klan here?! I mean I just thought you all were just a bunch of rednecks…” The ‘you all’ comment was not lost on him, but he had to admire the fact that she was more outraged than afraid. She quickly climbed into the truck and then he did as well.

“I apologize for those boys in there. You smack their faces and put ‘em in their place and they’ll leave you alone.” He’d had to do that pretty often, hadn’t he? Especially when he was a kid. Back then it was other hate-filled names that he’d had to fight over. Bodie started up the truck and this time an Eagles tune was playing. He reached up and cut off the radio.

“Oh let it play. I like The Eagles.”

To his credit, Bodie didn’t find it strange that a black woman listened to The Eagles. Good music was good music. He turned the radio back on.

“So what brings you to our neck of the mountains?”

She was huddled into the corner prepared to leap from the truck at the first sign of danger. “Well. I was on my way to Richmond to visit my Grandmother.”

“Richmond? How did you get up on the mountain?”

She gave him a horrified look. “You mean I am actually on a mountain?!”

Bodie’s brow arched. “Yup.”

She stared at the road. “I pulled off the highway to get something to eat and to fill up the tank. I guess I got turned around. I kept driving until I saw the store and stopped there to make a call.” She gave him a frown. “But I don’t think that was a real store…”

That was some big turnaround. He didn’t bother to explain that Cobb Hill was dry and that she’d just stepped into an illegal bootleg establishment—though illegal was a stretch since the police also frequented the establishment. His hazel eyes moved to lock onto her brown ones. “You’re traveling to parts unknown, in the middle of the night…in a car that’s prone to transmission problems?” The statement didn’t leave any confusion to his thoughts on her level of stupidity.

“It’s a long story,” she replied stiffly at his implied insult. She shook her head and stared out her window. “Just wait until I tell grandma that I got lost in the mountain with a bunch of good ‘ol boys running around in white hoods.”

Bodie was starting to like her. She wasn’t easily intimidated. Not even Sully’s pals in the woods did much in the way of breaking her. It must have made Sully feel even more stupid than he should by wearing that dumb-ass costume out in public.

“Well my name is Bodie. I apologize for driving off earlier. If I knew those fools were playing around in the woods I would have never done it.”

“Well…thank you for coming back. My name is Shaundea, or just Shaun. I’m sorry if I came off like a bitch. I’ve been driving all day and most of the evening. When I stopped at that bar some guy just started in on me. I told him I wasn’t interested but he tried to block me in! Where I come from when you jump at somebody like that it means you want a fight.”

“Where are you from?”

“Chicago.”

After a few moments they pulled into the parking lot of the Holiday Inn.

“I hope they have vacancies,” she said distantly.

Bodie shrugged. “This isn’t the busiest place in the world. I doubt if they’ve ever been to capacity.”

“I don’t know,” she mumbled while walking to the entrance. “People on this mountain have a funny way of treating black folks.”

Bodie felt a streak of defensiveness but squelched it at the memory of this ladies plight. ‘Course it was her own lack of good judgment that left her in such a predicament. He followed her inside just to make sure that she didn’t run into any more trouble.

Bodie watched her as she checked in. Cute. Dark. Curly black hair that appeared wild and natural. Big black eyes like a does and plump lips with voluptuous attributes on her small frame.

She turned to him and smiled genuinely. “I want to think you Mr. Bodie. I don’t know what I’d have done in these boonies by myself. Damn AAA!”

“Just Bodie. And to AAA’s defense, I may need to update my pager with them. Hell it’s been years since they’ve sent anyone my way. Most people that need me already know me. So…Shaun, I’ll come by tomorrow about eight? Then we can take it from there.”

She gripped the key card to her room and then waved at him and got into the elevator.

On the drive home Bodie lit a cigarette. He seldom smoked unless he was drinking in a bar or maybe after sex…if he stayed awake long enough to light up. But sometimes when he had things to think about he did it. And tonight Miss Shaundea from Chi-Town had given him lots to think about.

The last lady that had spent any real time on his mind was DeeDee. But she had gotten tired of the mountain and the simple life that he loved so much. She had gone off to Lexington or was it Louisville?

Well there was no way he was leaving the mountain that he loved, especially for the fast paced life of the city. He liked fishing off his deck, getting his hair trimmed every other Tuesday and taking his mother to brunch every Sunday. He liked the fact that the old men still played cards on the worn old table in the post office where they kept the air conditioner running even when it wasn’t really hot out. He liked that his kindergarten teacher still remembered him and every one of his brothers and sisters and didn’t mind chastising any of them if she thought they deserved it. How could any other place stand up to this one?

He pulled into the driveway of a very big cabin style house. His grandfather had built the main portion of the house but when no one else in the family wanted to take it on he had moved in and completely modernized it without taking away any of its original integrity and beauty. Eight years later it was still a work in progress; one that he enjoyed so much that he constantly made updates and improvements. Everything had been modernized from the kitchen with its stainless steel appliances to a Jacuzzi in the back yard gazebo.

Bodie wasn’t rich but he couldn’t think of anything that he’d want that he couldn’t get—and what he couldn’t get was not something that he wanted. It was almost 3 am but he wanted a hot bath before bed. Even though he had a huge stand-a-lone shower in his master suite, he seldom used it. Who in their right mind would choose a shower over a whirlpool bath?

He lit another cigarette as the jets hit his tired body. That girl was something different in these parts. Pretty and feisty—not too bright maybe but she had the backbone of a bear.





Chapter 2




Shaun showered and pulled on her panties and a bra. She would have washed out her undies in the sink but didn’t think they’d be dry by morning.

She didn’t have any change of clothes with her, actually hadn’t thought about it when she was skipping town. Damn Craig! Damn him to hell! Grandma didn’t even know she was even coming so no need to worry her. And she didn’t care if Craig was worried.

She stretched out on the bed exhausted, calculating how much money she had on the credit card…not enough to cover a transmission job. Grandma didn’t have money like that, either. And what were the chances that Craig would wire her money after she had walked in on him with her friend Patrice and had thrown a mini fit? Actually he probably would wire her money but she’d give a Klansman a hand job before she’d take anything from him!

Shaun sighed. No big deal. She’d dump the car and hop a bus if she had to. She would have to pay that cowboy something, though. He said she was on a mountain. She’d never heard of any mountain just outside of Richmond Kentucky. He was probably pulling her leg.

She yawned. It wouldn’t surprise her if he was getting off on putting one over on her—just like that fool running around in the woods wearing the white hood—probably too poor to afford the robes—and not stupid enough to don a white bed sheet. She wasn’t so much afraid that he might actually be a Klansman but that any fool who dressed up like that just to scare her was just not right in the head.

And what about that freak in the bar?! What would make him think that she would want his old saggy ass?! The only person in the entire place that she’d even look at twice was Bodie and that was only because he was as big as a bear and had real muscles and not just fat masquerading as a physique. He was also kind of brown; tanned like maybe he was more than white even if his hair was that funny yellowish brown that seemed brown in certain light but then later blonde. He had hazel eyes that stood out and a goatee that surrounded real lips and not just a slash in his face. Yeah he was cute but she had no interest in white men, especially not some country bumpkin.



~PP ~



There was a knocking noise. It seemed like it had been going on forever. How aggravating. She was so tired…what was making that damned noise?!

Suddenly Shaun leaped out of bed. Oh shit. Someone was knocking on the door.

“Uh…Just a minute!” She wrapped a blanket around her partially nude body and then ran to open the door.

When she checked the peephole she saw that Bodie was standing there looking pissed. She quickly unlocked the door and let him in.

“Not a light sleeper are you?”

“I am so sorry. How long have you been standing here?”

“Ten minutes.”

“Oh shit. I’m sorry!” She picked up clothes. “I must have been more tired than I thought,” then she hurried into the bathroom to change. Bodie had already noticed that Shaun hadn’t brought any bags. From Chicago Illinois to Richmond Kentucky with no luggage? And he was the fifth Beatle.

To her credit she didn’t leave him waiting for long and when she came out of the bathroom she looked even prettier than she had the night before.

“Bodie…I’ve been thinking about ditching that piece of shit car and just taking a bus into Richmond.”

He stroked his goatee. “Well, I guess I could junk it for you. Might get you a couple hundred.” He could get a nice tidy sum off the parts. This venture might prove quite lucrative. “I brought the tow truck so we’ll go up to the bar, pick up the car, take it down to the garage and then I’ll drive you into town and drop you off to the bus station.”

She smiled relieved. “Thank you Bodie. How much do I owe you for the tow?”

“Nothing. We’ll call it a win win situation.”

Back in the tow truck Bodie passed Shaun a cup of coffee. “You drink coffee?”

“Oh God yes! I’m fiending!” She took it gratefully, sipping it black.

“Cream or sugar?”

“No, this is good. Thank You. You’re going to make me lose my negative impression of country boys…or is it mountain men?”

“Just old fashioned common courtesy, Ma’am. Sorry about that guy in the woods wearing that costume. We’re not all like that you know. There’s quite a large population of Native Americans on this mountain and the Klan don’t like us just as much as they don’t like you.” He had been called a Bush nigger, Prairie nigger, Redskin, Savage, Cochise, Featherhead and a half a dozen other names in his life.

“You’re Indian…uh native American?”

“Part Cherokee.” The other part was a Frenchman that had made his way to the states in order to seek his fortune.

Shaun appraised him. So that’s why he had that dark skin. But he didn’t look like an Indian beyond that, especially not with those hazel green eyes and that sun-blonde hair. She wondered how old he was; definitely older than her but not as old as Craig who was 42. No, Bodie appeared to be in his thirties and she was twenty-four.

She sniffed and looked out the window, dismissing the direction of her thoughts.

When they arrived at Stubby’s there were two police cars parked next to Shaun’s Honda. Her mouth dropped open.

“You didn’t steal that car did you?” he asked while pulling up alongside the police cruisers.

Shaun just looked at him wide-eyed.

“Shit.” Bodie cursed and stepped down from the truck. Should’ve minded his own business last night and kept on driving. “Stay here.” He commanded.

“Hey Bodie.” One of the deputies greeted.

“Hey, Lloyd. What’s goin’ on?”

“Hey Bodie.” Cyrus spoke. “See you got that colored gal in your truck.” Cyrus really was a good ol’ boy and the words he used not only offended Bodie but Lloyd didn’t seem too happy about them either. Bodie was suddenly happy that he’d had Shaun stay in the truck. Somehow he suspected that she’d let him know how outdated that term was.

“There was a shooting last night. Keegan McMichaels turned up dead in those woods,” Lloyd continued.

Bodie’s brow drew together. “What time?”

“Found him early this morning. We don’t know how long he’s been dead. Not long, though.” Lloyd glanced at the tow truck. “Funny thing is, he was wearing Klan gear; just the hood. Heard about the black woman in Stubby’s last night and how a couple folks might have given her a hard time.”

Bodie turned back to the truck. Shaun was watching them with a frightened expression. He looked at Lloyd again. “How many times was he shot?”

“Twice.”

“I didn’t smell any gunpowder and I was in my truck with her. I drove her down to the Holiday Inn about 2:30.” He nodded at Lloyd. “I’ll vouch for her.”

Lloyd nodded agreeably. They had gone to school together, but more importantly, they had played college football together. To Lloyd Bodie’s word was his bond.

“Good enough for me. We’re going to need to get a statement from her. Can you bring her down to the station in a few hours? I’d carry her down now but that’d just scare her.”

“No, I’ll do it.” He went back to the truck to the passenger side. Shaun rolled down her window.

“There was a shooting last night.”

Shaun gasped.

“Some fool man in the woods wearing a Klan’s hood was found dead earlier this morning.” He sucked air through his teeth. “You don’t know anything about any Klansman in the woods, you got me?” He said, voice growing low. “Last night you didn’t see anything out of the ordinary—other than JD making a fool out of himself—which isn’t all that out of the ordinary.”

“Dead?” She looked upset.

“You didn’t hear any shots did you?”

“No,” She said still shocked.

He relaxed. “Look, I’m going to need to take you down to the station to make a statement-”

Her eyes shot back to his. “They don’t think I had anything to do with it, do they?”

“No. They just need to ask you questions.” Bodie got into the truck and pulled into position to tow the car. He glanced at her. She was chewing her lower lip, looking worried. He had an urge to lay his hand over hers to reassure her. ‘Course she’d likely leap out of the car and run to the police if he did that.

He got out and hooked up the car, limiting his small talk with his police friends. When he got back into the truck Shaun was staring into the woods.”

“Don’t do that,” he whispered. “You don’t know where he was in those woods, remember?”

“Oh.” She looked at him earnestly. “Thank you for coming back, Bodie. Somebody was shooting and it could have been me dead last night.”

He shook his head silently contemplating the nature of stupidity. He heard a sniffle. He peeked over at Shaun and his worst fear was confirmed; she was crying.

“Uh…Uh…” he stammered.

“This has really been screwed up. All I’m trying to do is get to my grandma’s, you know? I walk in the house and Craig’s in bed with Patrice. Then I’m stuck in traffic and lost most of the time, just to end up in the middle of nowhere with a broke down car and a dead Klansman in the woods!” Then she really started to boo-hoo.

Bodie pulled off to the side of the road. “Shaundea.” Her face was hidden in her hands as she sobbed. “Shaun, hey now…” He patted her shoulder. “Uh…you know, it’s going to be okay, I guess. I mean I know it must be tough to catch your ol’ man in bed with another woman-”

“Craig is not my ol’ man, he’s my Dad!” she hollered. “And Patrice is not a woman. She’s a transsexual who happens to be my age! PRE-OPERATIVE!” Then she sobbed harder.

Bodie looked as if he had just found his own Dad in bed with a man.

“Jesus, God in heaven…” he said finally. “I’m sorry. You just go right ahead and cry. I’d be crying too if I was you. Jeez…”

She looked at him. “I knew Craig was gay! I just didn’t know he was screwing my best friend!”

Bodie’s face went pale as something occurred to him. “Uh…are you a guy, Shaun?”

Shaun’s eyes grew large with shock. “You think I look like a guy?!”

“No—I just…your name is Shaun-”

“I’m not a guy!” She said defensively.

“Sorry.” He quickly pulled back onto the road. His head was reeling.

“Craig has always gone for the leather type or men like you,” she explained while swiping away her tears.

“Like me? What do you mean like me?!”

“Real men; A man’s man. And Patrice has always gone for men like you, too.”

Bodie squirmed in his seat.

“So you tell me why Craig would be with Patrice? Wouldn’t you think that if a man sleeps with a girly-man then he’d be able to sleep with a woman? Because every since I went to live with my dad he has told me that he couldn’t do that with a woman other than when he did it that one time with my mother. He said it sickened him so I was never going to have another mommy; just maybe two daddy’s. So why, Bodie? Why do this with someone like Patrice who is even more girly girl than me?!”

He didn’t want to answer but she kept staring at him, waiting. “Because she has a penis? Oh god…look, if a man sleeps with anything having a penis and or balls—he falls out of my realm of understanding, therefore I have no opinion.”

Shaun paused and then smiled. And then she began chuckling and Bodie soon joined her.

“Thank you for making me laugh,” she said.

A short time later they pulled into a small but well maintained garage.

“Bodie’s Garage,” she read with awe.

“Yup. Home sweet home.” He walked over to her door to let her out, remembering his manners and then he began the process of unhooking the car.

“Why don’t you climb inside and try to start her up.”

She did as he requested and just like the night before nothing happened.

He closed the hood and eyed her. “Okay, you want to junk her than try fixing her?”

“Yeah.”

He went inside and when he returned he had two hundred dollars in hand. “I think this is fair.”

She smiled. “Thanks!”

“Okay, lets grab some breakfast and then I’ll take you on over to the police station.”

“I’m starving.” She said but her expression clouded.





Chapter 3




Bodie took her to Mary Lou’s Old Country Kitchen and when they stepped inside you best believe that all eyes were on them. Old men sitting at the counter practically broke their necks craning their heads to see. Old women began whispering to each other. Bodie chose a booth when he usually just sat at the counter. The stares didn’t bother him one way or another—but it might bother Shaun.

“Dang,” she whispered. “Black folks ain’t allowed in here or something?”

“Blacks come in here all the time.” He was kind of lying since there were only two black families on the mountain.

“Just not with whites?”

Her suspicious attitude was growing stale. Yes they were in the south, yes this was the mountains and yes there was Klan here. “Maybe,” he said more sharply than he had intended, “you’re being looked at because they think you killed someone.”

Her mouth twisted and then she picked up the plastic covered menu and immediately Bodie regretted putting his foot in his mouth. He picked up his menu and studied it even though nothing had changed on it in over seven years.

Sure enough he heard the telltale sniffling and when he looked up tears were running down her cheeks.

“Oh God. Please don’t start crying again…I don’t know what to do when women cry.”

“You make women cry often?” She asked.

Then he did something that he didn’t think he’d do in a million years. He covered her hand with his own and squeezed it gently.

A waitress came by with a pot of coffee and two mugs. Bodie quickly pulled his hand back.

“Hey Bodie. What’s been going on?”

“Oh. Same ol’ same ol’,” he lied.

“You two ready to order?”

“I’ll have some of that coffee.” Shaun said. “And 2 scrambled eggs, hash browns, 2 pancakes with sausage and a side order of bacon…and grits. And iced water.”

Lucille, the waitress gave her a surprised look. Bodie was not going to comment and possibly get her crying again. “I’ll have the same but with a glass of milk.”

“Uhm…I’ll have a glass of milk too,” Shaun added.

When the waitress was gone Shaun sipped her coffee.

“Bodie I’m going to treat you to breakfast.”

“You ain’t got do that-”

She held up her hand. “I’ve been a pure-D pain in the ass. The least I can do is pick up breakfast.”

“Well, I aint too easy to get along with either,” he said in the way of an apology.

“Bodie, I’m…” she hesitated.

“What?”

“A little scared,” she swallowed.

“Of?” he asked surprised.

“Them pinning this shooting on me. Maybe I should call the NAACP or something.”

Bodie tried not to laugh. Was she serious!

“The NAACP? I think you’re jumping the gun. You’re just coming in to make a statement. Look. I know Lloyd. He’s good people. If he truly suspected you, you wouldn’t be sitting here about to eat breakfast. Besides, the time to be scared was when you walked into a redneck bar all alone.”

She shrugged. “I didn’t know a man would end up dead within yards of me.” Tentatively she put her hands on the table and allowed them to creep closer to his. Bodie opened his hand nonchalantly, although his heart was beating in his chest a mile a minute. Shaun slipped both of her hands into his. Gently he closed them over hers, and then he could breathe again.

They had a peaceful breakfast and afterwards Bodie drove her to the police station.

“Still scared?” He asked while opening her door.

She nodded wordlessly.

“Just remember what we talked about.”

“Right. Nothing out of the ordinary happened.



~PP ~



Bodie waited for Shaun in the small waiting area but she was out before he knew it; smiling. Even though he had told her not to worry, he had been a bit worried himself.

“Done?” he asked.

“Done,” she replied. They got into the truck and he headed for the bus station.

“They didn’t say you had to stay in town did they?” he asked hopefully.

“No.”

“Oh.” The rest of the ride was quiet. When they finally got to the bus station Shaun stopped him before he could get out of the truck.

“I think I can take it from here. Bodie, you sure I can’t give you any money?”

“No…but no ones going to be coming after me because I junk that car, are they?”

“Craig ain’t coming all the way up on this mountain for that thing. Besides, he gave it to me to use.” She suddenly reached over and hugged him. “Thank you.”

His hand came up to her back a bit surprised. He closed his eyes and inhaled her essence. She smelled beautiful.

“Bye. I appreciate everything you did.”

“You have a safe trip.” She disappeared into the station. Bodie reached for a cigarette and lit up.





Chapter 4




Bodie decided to head back to the garage to work on the car. He pulled on a pair of coveralls with the sleeves cut off which showcased his considerable biceps. He’d been working on it for about an hour when he felt a shadow fall over him.

He glanced over his shoulder to see Derrick McMichaels, Keegan’s brother. This wasn’t a social call as none of the McMichaels’ held much of a liking for anyone not of a pure Aryan lineage. Bodie’s pure-bred Cherokee grandmother knocked him out of that category.

“You heard about my brother?” Derrick asked, although it wasn’t quite a question.

“Yeah. Heard he was found shot in the woods behind Stubby’s.”

Derrick’s adam’s apple bobbed briefly. His grey eyes watched Bodie coolly, nonetheless.

“Heard you took that nigger down to the police station.”

Bodie turned back to the car and shut the hood. “Police talked to a lot of people that were at Stubby’s last night.”

“Where she at Bodie?”

Bodie turned to him coldly. He was bigger and taller than Derrick and him being in the Klan didn’t phase Bodie in the least because under the hoods and stupid white sheets that they wore was just another stupid redneck that he would pound to within an inch of his life it he were fucked with.

“Fuck you. I wouldn’t tell you where she was if I thought she did shoot Keegan—and I know she didn’t. Because I left Stubby’s one step ahead of her and then I drove her to the Holiday Inn.”

Derrick spit in the dirt. “Bullshit. You drove off and left her. See, I was there.”

Bodie didn’t waiver. “If you was there than you know she didn’t shoot anybody.”

Derrick took a step back. “If it wasn’t her then it was another black bitch in the parking lot of Stubby’s shooting.” He turned on his heels and walked away.

Bodie watched Derrick climbed into his Charger and speed off then he went into the garage. “Pete, I’m going out. Keep an eye on things.”

“Sure boss.”

On his way to his pickup Bodie grabbed a tire iron.



~PP ~



Bodie drove with one eye on the road and one eye on the lookout for anyone following him. He didn’t bother to park, he just pulled up to the curb and then walked into the bus station carrying the tire iron. People stared--not because he was a mechanic who was holding a tire iron like it was a baseball bat, but because of the rage on his face. Women grabbed children, men stepped out of his path and the security guard decided to take a coffee break.

Shaun was sitting in a hard plastic chair reading a 2 year old Field and Stream magazine. She glanced up to see a huge man in dirty coveralls stalking towards her carrying a tire iron.

Her first instinct was to run before she recognized him as Bodie…her friend, Bodie? But his expression was anything but friendly.

She stood up. “Bodie. What’s wrong?”

“You ain’t safe here.”

“But…my bus will be here-”

He grabbed her arm and headed for the door. “They’re going to look for you here because Keegan saw that I had your Honda-” Derrick would check the Holiday Inn and once he realized that she had checked out he would be heading here.

“Who’s going to be looking for me?” she asked trying to keep up with his big steps.

“Keegan’s brother.”

“Keegan?”

He glanced at her. “Dead Klansman.” He pushed opened the door and got sucker punched dead in the face. He dropped like a sack and Shaun shrieked and tried to turn. A big white man grabbed her by the back of her shirt and lifted her clean off the ground. She kicked and struggled but the man treated her like little more than a rag doll as he tried to force her into a waiting van.

“Hell no!” She hollered, using her feet to brace against the entrance of the door.

Bodie swiped out with the tire iron and cracked the man’s shin a bone crushing blow. It was his turn to scream and he dropped Shaun who scrambled behind Bodie.

Bodie stood, spitting a wad of blood onto the ground. More blood was on his teeth and lips. He growled and swung the tire iron striking the keeling man and knocking him out cold. Another man jumped out of the van, this one wearing a white hood and robe. Bodie dropped the tire iron and grabbed him by the front of his robe and then slammed him against the van in a teeth-shattering blow. He then slammed his fist into the masked face hearing a satisfying crunch.

Two more men jumped from the van; one carrying a baseball bat, both wearing hoods.

Shaun picked up the tire iron and smashed it against the head of the baseball bat carrier. He went down with a horrific wail holding his bloody head.

Bodie took care of the other with just one punch and another satisfying crunching. The remaining men tumbled back into the van dragging the one with the broken shin in after them, and then they sped away.

Bodie turned to Shaun, his mouth still bleeding. “You okay?”

She nodded eyes wide and practically bulging. “Bodie why were those guys after me?!”

“We gotta get out of here!” He grabbed her arm and hurried to his pick-up. She got in still carrying the tire iron and barely had her door shut before he was peeling out of the parking lot.

“Where are we going?”

“I’m taking you to Richmond.”

“But what’s going on?!” Bodie shows up talking about she’s not safe and then the Klan is trying to snatch her!

He shook his head. “Derrick thinks that you shot his brother. Just for the record, you didn’t did you?”

“NO! I don’t have a gun!”

“Okay. I knew that. I just had to ask.”

She rubbed the back of her sore neck. “What were they going to do to me?”

Bodie shook his head. “I don’t know, Shaun. But I guarantee you that you’ll never have to find out.”

“Bodie, maybe we should go to the police-”

“Do you really want to stay on this mountain while they investigate your attempted kidnapping and assault? You need to get out of here!”

“You going to drive me all the way to Richmond?”

“It ain’t that far.”

She sighed in relief. “Oh Bodie. What would I do without you?”

“You ain’t got to worry about that for now.”

Bodie cut through the woods avoiding the major thoroughfares.

“What are you going to do when you drop me off? Don’t come back up on this mountain, Bodie!”

“Shaun, I know everyone of those idiots. Guy I hit in the shin was Rilo Kelly. Guy with the baseball bas was Doo Doo McMahon. I broke Derrick’s nose and knocked out a few of Mut Jackson’s teeth. And Sully was driving.”

“Just because you know them don’t mean they can’t do a drive-by on you.”

He just shook his head. “We don’t do drive-by’s in the mountains.”

“Bodie, when we get to Richmond I’m calling the police!”

“Leave it alone. You’re going to end up having the police dragging you back up on this mountain for a trial.”

“At least they’ll know what happened,” she said, her argument losing steam as doubt set in at the prospect of ever setting foot in these mountains again.

“You can’t call the cops because you don’t even know the name of the mountain you’re on and you probably couldn’t find your way back up here let alone tell the police how to get here.”

“I paid for the hotel and breakfast with a credit card, smart-ass.”

“Yeah? Well before you’d get that info back this will have been long over. I ain’t going to let a bunch of good ol’ boys run me out of my home. Especially not those mental rejects.”

Shaun crossed her arms in front of her and muttered. “If they’re such mental rejects then why are you driving me to Richmond? And why did we have to beat up 5 guys? OH MY GOD!”

“WHAT?”

“Bodie, my Dad’s registration is in the glove box. Do you think…?”

“Shit!” He patted his pockets for his cell phone. Yeah it would be sitting on his desk in the office. He forgot to put it in his coveralls.

“What’s wrong?”

“My cell phone. I need to call the garage and have Pete or Bobby put up your registration info.” Should he keep going to Richmond and call when he got to a payphone, or should he head back?

“They’ll know where I live Bodie…” she whispered.

He turned the truck sharply and they headed in the opposite direction.





Chapter 5




They hadn’t gone two miles before they heard a shot. Shaun screamed and ducked even before Bodie told her to.

In his rearview mirror he saw a Corvette coming up on him fast.

“You mutha fucker!” He growled. He’d play the killing game if he had to—because it was a certainty that whoever shot at his car was a dead mutha fucker!

Shaun was crouched on the floor praying. “Craig, I’m so sorry I was mad at you for sleeping with my friend. All I want to do is come back home to Chicago. I don’t want anything to do with Kentucky anymore. I don’t even want to visit Grandma.” Dear Lord…if she got killed here today nobody would be the wiser.

The Corvette tried coming up alongside of them. Bodie saw Derrick driving, nose flattened and bloodied. Sully was on the passenger side with a shotgun.

“You fool! Are you shootin’ at me?!” Bodie screamed.

“Pull over!” Derrick yelled. Or I’ll run this big muther fucker off the road!”

“Yeah? Try it, bitch!”

Sully pointed the rifle but Derrick knocked it out of the way. “What are you doing?! Who told you to shoot?”

“But-”

The Corvette side-swiped them. Bodie countered with a swipe of his own, pushing the smaller car almost off the narrow road.

They played that game for a few miles before Derrick realized that he couldn’t force the larger truck off the road.

“Pull over or I’m going to shoot out your tires!”

“Tell him to throw that rifle out the window and I’ll pull over!”

Shaun began to protest in her crouched position on the floor. These people were insane!

Sully complained about how much money he’d paid for the rifle but Derrick snatched it from his hands and tossed it out the window. “Pull over!” He yelled.

Bodie slowed his truck and spoke to the frightened woman crouched on the floor. “I’m going to pull into the woods. When I do you slide out and start running. Hide. I’ll find you.”

“Bodie…” she began doubtfully.

“Trust me. Derrick wants to know who killed his brother more than he wants to kill you or me. And I have a feeling that Sully Pranger has the key to that.” He pulled into the woods. Shaun didn’t want to leave Bodie but as soon as the car stopped she intended to run for her life. There was no way that a black woman and a half-white, half-Indian was going to reason with the Klan and someone had to live to tell this to the authorities! This was Deliverance and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre wrapped in one!

The Corvette pulled into the woods after them and Bodie inched around until the passenger door was facing away from the road and at the forest.

He got out holding the tire iron and heard Shaun’s door crack open as she slipped out.

“Sully,” he said while pointing the tire iron at him. “I’m going to beat a hole in your ass for shooting at me!”

Sully’s eyes got big. “I’ll be seeing your big ass swinging from a tree. Got a rope in the trunk-”

Derrick got out of the car. “I wanna talk to that bitch who shot my brother!”

Three more men got out of the car. None of them were ones that he had previously beaten but he still knew them all. Mostly they spent the day drinking and collecting their disability or social security checks and talked big because they were so small. People like that didn’t affect him—they were too far beneath him to even bother with working up any thoughts over.

Bodie positioned the tire iron across his shoulders and rested his arms over each end. He wanted them to see what they’d be going against if they got froggy and decided to leap. Bodie’s arms, neck shoulders and torso appeared sculptured from stone. Even Sully hesitated at the sight of him and he was shaking like a dog shitting a persimmon seed despite his big words—but scared equaled dangerous.

“Don’t be a complete fool,” Bodie spoke. “You can’t kill me because everybody at the bus station saw me get jumped by a bunch of good ol’ boys wearing hoods. It won’t take a brain surgeon to see your broken nose and put two and two together. I turn up missing and all of y’all fuckers are getting gassed.”

“If that black bitch killed my brother she’s dying and so are you. I’ll worry about the gas chamber later.”

The three guys that had just exited the car suddenly looked uncertain. “Uh…shit Derrick, my Granddaddy still in jail for what he did to that China man. I’m just here for a little fun-”

“Be quiet, Duke. Ain’t nobody going to jail.” Derrick said.

Sully craned his neck. “Shit! She’s done gone into the woods. He made to run into the woods after her.

Bodie spoke in a slow, lazy drawl. “I don’t think you want to turn your back to me Sully. I ain’t forgot that you shot at me.”



~PP ~



Shaun had crept out of the car and when she felt safely concealed by the trees and brush she sprinted. She ran as if there were demons after her—which in fact there were.

Shaun ran until she fell. She picked herself up and ran some more. She ran until the stich in her side caused her to collapse to her knees and spew her breakfast. Then she limped and finally, exhausted fell on a bed of leaves.

She didn’t know how much time had passed before she managed to pull herself up. Her entire body ached and she had scratches and cuts on her arms, hands and face. She found an overturned log big enough to crouch beneath but when she disturbed the leaves she found it swarming with beetles and plump, pale larvae. That gave her enough energy to run a few more feet.

Finally she found a bush and huddled under it thinking about the Blair Witch Project.

Late in the evening, just before dusk she heard the crunch of leaves. For hours she had alternated between hoping for such a sound and fearing it.

Her muscles tightened preparing to leap. Why hadn’t she picked up a big rock or a stick? Quickly she allowed her eyes to roam but nothing was within reach.

The footsteps stopped for a moment before coming quicker in her direction.

“Shaunda?” Bodie called out.

“Bodie?” She croaked. She crawled out from under the bush feeling relief wash over her.

When he saw her crawling from the brush he pulled her into his arms. “Damn, girl. When I said hide I didn’t mean this far.”

“You said run and I ran.” She buried her face into his big chest. Her eyes began to tear but she didn’t want to cry in front of Bodie again. “I thought they had killed you,” she whispered, voicing her one true fear.

He stroked her hair and held her tight feeling her body trembling. “I’m okay. What about you? Are you hurt?”

She shook her head silently, not looking up from the safety of his chest and the strong arms that enclosed her.

“What happened to those men?” She finally asked. “Is it over?”

“Yes and no.”

She peeked up at him. “What?”

“Come on. Lets get out of here and I’ll fill you in because once it gets dark we’re struck here.”

She followed as Bodie moved through the forest. She saw him studying the ground and she figured he was looking for broken branches or footprints, but for the life of her she couldn’t make out one thing that looked like he could trace. She stayed quiet allowing him to concentrate on getting them out of the woods before nightfall because just as much as she had wanted to be hidden in these woods is just as badly as she now wanted to be out of them before it grew completely dark.

But after a while Bodie stopped walking and glanced up into the sky. He was good at tracking. The woods had been his playground since he was a child, and there wasn’t a person born and raised in these parts that didn’t know how to stay safe in them. One of the biggest things he had learned was never to get yourself turned around in them because the mountains went on for many miles, and at night it turned black. He looked at Shaun.

“We’re not going to be able to make it out of here tonight. I’m going to need to look for us a place to camp.”

She looked around apprehensively and followed him, not letting him more than a few feet away from her.

“Are those men going to-?”

“No,” he said quickly. “Nobody’s coming to get you. There ain’t going to be anybody left to get you.”

She stared at him closely, now anxiously searching for signs of another fight. Did Bodie---do something to those men? But he didn’t seem any worse for wear.

“That night I saw Sully Pranger in the shadows trying not to be seen, I assumed he had some mischief in mind for you. I knew he messed around with the Klan, so later when you said you saw someone suited up in the woods that seemed to be what it was all about.

“Only someone’s shot dead in those very same woods, which would mean that you either shot him twice from the safety of your car—which would make you a sharp shooter…or you were bold enough to go into those woods after a man suited up in Klan gear, shoot him, and then get back in your broken down car that won’t even start to wait for a tow truck. Not very likely, not to me and not to Derrick either, especially when I told him I’d seen Sully with my very own eyes.

“Of course the fool tried to lie—but he was wearing the hood and not the robes—and anybody from around these parts would recognize that skinny, knock-kneed fool. Evidently Derek believed me because he turned to Sully and commenced to beating the living shit out of him. I suppose Sully just didn’t factor in that Derrick would be crazy enough to come after you or that I would be sticking around. All I know is that once the fighting started I took off to look for you.”

Shaun’s eyes were large. “If he kills…Sully, then they’ll need to kill us, too,” she croaked.

Bodie was shaking his head. “Sully’s a pretty tough son-of-a-bitch. Derrick will have a hard time killing him with his bare hands.” Bodie turned and continued searching for a campsite. “Besides, their friends weren’t too anxious to kill anyone and I don’t think Derrick—for all his talk—was either.

She nodded, hoping that he was right and than sat down heavily on a fallen log. It was if all of the energy had left her body and she was nothing more than limp limbs.

“Tired?” He paused to look at her while clearing away some branches and leaves from a small, relatively bare area.

She nodded quietly. He gave her a curious look before continuing his work. When he was done he had a bare circle with a pile of dead branches and kindling in the center. It wasn’t cold out and wasn’t likely to get cold even though it was dark, but he figured the firelight might help Shaun. It would at least keep the critters at bay.

After a moment he came over and crouched before her. “What’s wrong? You hungry?”

She nodded.

“I’ll see if I can find some morels. You ever have them?”

She shook her head.

“They’re delicious,” he spoke gently. After a moment he stood. “I’ll be back.” He thought that she might be in shock. He didn’t know for sure but he wouldn’t be surprised. She might be a tough cookie from Chi-town but the mountains had a special kind of crazy that was unlike any other place on earth. He might not be able to make sense of urban crazy…but redneck crazy was unfortunately very familiar.

A short time later Bodie had collected a good amount of mushrooms. He had done it fairly quickly, fearful of leaving Shaun alone for too long. Morels went for a pretty penny in the city but on the mountain they were snack food and he had collected enough for them to have a veritable feast.

After returning to the makeshift camp he saw that Shaun had moved from her place on the log and was now sitting on the ground clutching her knees up to her chest.

“You cold?”

She nodded with hooded eyes.

He crouched before her again. “Shaun? Are you okay?”

“Tired,” she muttered.

“Okay.” He placed the load of mushrooms on the ground beside her and then quickly began unbuttoning his coveralls.

Her eyes followed his movements curiously. She seemed suddenly more alert. “What are you doing?”

He stepped out of the coveralls, still wearing jeans and a t-shirt.

“Here. Put these on.”

She stood up trembling and he helped her to step into the warm clothing. Immediately the shivering ended. She exhaled a long, satisfied breath.

“I’m going to make a fire.” He had one blazing in less than five minutes and then he stripped down some long straight branches and skewered the morels on them. Once they were seared on the outside and juicy on the inside he gave the branch to Shaun who had crept over to sit down beside him. He loaded the other branch with more morels for himself.

Tentatively she popped one of the hot mushrooms into her mouth. “Mmm. Good. Taste like…chicken.” She gave him an appreciative look and he smiled in relief. She was acting more normal—though he was unsure if normal was the way she usually acted. At least she had lost that distant look in her eyes.

They ate their fill and there were still more mushroom waiting to be roasted. She rubbed her hands across her knees.

“Uh Bodie…I need to use it.”

“Oh,” he shrugged. “I won’t look.”

She grimaced. “Well…would you come with me?”

Bodie gave her an unsure look. “Okay.” Together they walked a little ways into the denser forest. He pointed out some leaves as safe to use if needed. “You ever go camping?” he asked when his back was safely turned. He heard the rustle of pants being lowered.

“Yeah. When I was younger Craig took me to a chalet.”

“That ain’t camping.”

“We had to walk through the woods to get to it.”

Bodie chuckled. He heard little splatters of liquid hitting the ground. Suddenly he had to go too and he unzipped and relieved himself against a tree.

“I went swimming in a creek when I was a kid. It was nice. But I’m not too partial to woods and bugs and things—Oh!”

She had walked up on Bodie peeing. She turned away, quickly averting her eyes although she had not seen anything except his bare buttocks from where he had hiked down his pants. She had time to think that it was quite a nice butt.

After a moment Bodie finished and they headed back to camp together. Shaun’s eyes darted around as she kept so close to Bodie that their arms were pressed together. “Uhm…are there wild animals around here?”

“Wildcats. But nothing’s going to mess with us if we don’t mess with it. I’ve been camping in these woods since I was knee high to a toad stool.” They sat back on the ground while Shaun tried to ignore the odd noises in the dark. She drew her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around her legs.

Bodie moved closer to her and placed his arm around her shoulder. “You still cold?”

“A little.” He rubbed her arm lightly and she thought that it felt incredible. She allowed her eyes to close as she sighed in contentment.

A few moments later Bodie closed his tired eyes and then rested his cheek against the soft springy curls on top of her head.





Chapter 6





Shaun didn’t remember falling asleep. But when she opened her eyes she found that she was laying beside Bodie, her head cradled against his arm and shoulder. His breathing was even and quiet. She glanced around without moving. The fire had gone out, burning down to just red embers that glowed softly in the night like strange candles. It was darker than any dark night in Chicago. In the country night was black despite the moon and stars glittering above—away from streetlights, passing cars and homes illuminated from within.


Using the small amount of illumination to see, Shaun tried to study Bodie’s features in the dark. He was handsome even if he did have a mullet. And he talked so country—she found herself emulating his country dialect. God, but he was the bravest man she had ever met. She replayed the way he had beat up those Klansmen at the bus station and the way he never acted the least bit scared, even when that fool shot at them.


Man, wouldn’t Craig go for Bodie. Patrice would too. Shaun blinked. No, SHE could really go for Bodie. He was everything that she had ever searched for in a man…and more. He was kick-ass, incredible looking, owned his own business…what more could you ask for? She scowled. For him to be black? Why? He might be a redneck but he certainly wasn’t a racist.


She snuggled deeper into his arms and he pulled her to him and like a big bear he enclosed her protectively within his embrace.


This was more comfortable than sleeping in a feather bed! Shaun yawned and slid her arm around him, getting even closer. Oops, maybe too close. Could that really be...? DAYUM! Maybe he had put the tire iron down his pants…


Just as she was getting ready to get happy at what was poking against her thigh, a sudden sense of sadness fell over Shaun. She could reach up and trace his muscles with her fingertips or place her lips in the hollow of his neck. She could reach down and stroke him until he quivered in her hands. But she realized that she wanted that and more. She wanted this big countryman as her own.


No! That’s stupid! Who falls in love with a person that they’ve known for just one day?


Shaun froze as she thought about that word that had shot through her mind like a bullet from a Klansman’s rifle.


I love Bodie. She waited but the world didn’t end. She smiled. But it soon faded. After today she would never step foot on this mountain again, and therefore she would never see Bodie again.


Her brow drew together. If that’s the case, then I’m going out with a bang!


Shaun slid her body up until she was face to face with the still sleeping Bodie. Gently she placed her lips on his.


He didn’t budge.


She regarded him a moment before leaning forward again and this time allowing her kisses to trail down his chin. When she got to the hollow of his neck she allowed her tongue to flick him lightly. Bodie’s hand suddenly moved up and he buried his fist into her wild hair, urging her back up to his lips. When she complied he took her lips, owning them with his kisses. She was amazed that there seemed to be nothing sleepy about his movements and she wondered if he had been awake all along, seducing her with that huge bulge that strained in his pants.


Well Shaun wasn’t going for seduction. She had been smoldering and now she was blazing hot. She reached down between them and stroked him through his pants. Damn, it wasn’t a tire iron but it was bigger and harder than any man ought to be.


Bodie inhaled deeply at the way she touched him. He gripped her ass with his huge hand, finally claiming what he had been eyeing all day. He felt a sudden tug on his zipper and then Shaun was reaching into his pants and gripping his cock.


The air got caught in Bodie’s chest. He hadn’t felt another’s hand on him like this in far too long and he could very easily embarrass himself by shooting off in her hand right then and there. How could such a petite woman be so damn forceful and yet so damn sexy? He could no longer deny the draw that he had been feeling for her every since he had set eyes on her giving shit to JD in the bar.


He liked her. Not just for the deep cocoa brown skin that was so rare up here on the mountain, nor for the knock-out curves that she possessed on her petite frame. He was drawn to her open innocence and bravery. She was strong even when she was hurting and he wanted very badly to make every bit of the hurt go away.


Bodie reached up and undid the buttons on the coveralls that she wore. Shaun helped him and then quickly shrugged out of them. Bodie then undid the button and zipper on her jeans, tugging them down enough to grip the bare flesh of her ass. His fingers dug possessively into the flesh of her bodacious backside.


“Oh my god,” he groaned. Shaun finished pulling off her jeans and he did the same. Soon he was lying on his back wearing only a t-shirt and staring up at the half nude woman who had just stumbled out of her jeans and panties. With amazingly little effort he pulled her down perching her atop him with her luscious brown legs straddling him.


Shaun had never straddled a man that was so big that her knees could barely touch down! His cock strained upward and she was mesmerized by how stiff and thick it was. She examined the way the dark hair of his pelvis crept up his belly and then covered his chest. She had never seen a hairy chest—Craig waxed and well the boys of her past were narrow-chested wannabe men. She wasn’t sure if she liked it but braced herself by planting her hands on his chest and felt that his body hair was curly and soft.


He watched her as she ran her hands over his chest, his hand stroking her thighs and she decided that she liked it. She liked that he was a big hairy bear of a man with a country twang and a huge cock. And soon she felt her nectar seeping from her and knew that it was running down his legs too.


Using both hands Shaun gripped his shaft causing Bodie to groan again. Carefully she lowered herself onto his rigid erection and Bodie gripped her hips to steady her.


Lord, he thought, she is tight! The blood raced through his veins as she made several attempts to get him completely inside of narrow passage. Her gasps and moans were like gasoline to an open flame. He wanted it to be good for her like she was making it good for him. Instead of thrusting wildly Bodie rolled his hips and pistoned in and out of her smooth and rhythmically.


Oh my god! She thought as he somehow managed to keep his body still except for the delicious rolling of his hips. His giant cock filled her more completely than ever before. Wantonly she reached up and massaged her aching breast through the fabric of her blouse. Bodie’s hands were suddenly there, moving beneath her blouse and beneath her hands to join her manipulations. He pushed her bra up until her heavy breast fell from their confines and when he glimpsed them in the slight illumination left by the moon and the stars he sucked in an audible gulp.


Beautiful. Nothing had ever been more beautiful to him, not the red sunset of the mountain cliffs, or the virgin snow in the valley. Nothing could eclipse the sight that he glimpsed until Shaun quickly pulled the blouse and bra over her head. She rode him smoothly, pelvis rolling in concentric circles to his steady thrusts. And then she lifted one breast to her mouth and he saw her lips enclose one dark, fat nipple.


“Oh damn…” Bodie whimpered, His hips suddenly pumped wildly into her.


Shaun threw her head back and screeched, sounding much like the wildcats that cried out in the dark. She bounced up and down on the cock that she now rode with frenzied abandon.


“No…” he warned, but it was too late. He could feel his balls tighten. He pushed her away so that he could pull out but she was cumming too and she wailed and bounced even harder.


Bodie felt himself explode within her and he wailed right along with her. It seemed to endure forever; sparks of pleasure prolonging the orgasm even past the point of ejaculation.


Eventually there was not enough energy to even move and Shaun collapsed on top of the big mountain man in total exhaustion. His arms came up around her and she managed a smile.


Damn, what had just happened? It was amazing… “That was too quick,” was what he said even while his mind was thinking half a million different thoughts.


She raised her head from his chest. He could clearly see the damp ringlets surrounding the most beautiful face that he’d ever set eyes on.


“No it wasn’t. I needed that, Bodie. Just like it was.”


Mesmerized, he stroked her back gently. “Shaun,” he said after a few minutes. “Spread out my shirt and those coveralls on the ground.”


She gave him a curious look but did what he asked.


“Lay down.” He helped her. “It’s time for desert,” he said in a lazy country drawl, and then positioned his head between her legs.


~***~


The first crack of dawn fell onto the two sleeping figures; arms and legs all a-tangle. The sun was high in the sky before Bodie finally woke up from his cozy slumber.


He grimaced. His back ached, his neck was stiff and his jaw was sore. On top of that he had to piss like a racehorse. But then he stared down at Shaun all cuddled up against him, mouth slack and soft snores escaping and his grimace turned into a grin.


“Shaun, baby.” He gently kissed her neck and shoulder.


“Hmmm.” She stirred.


“Wake up, baby. We need to get up. It’s late in the day.”


She sat up suddenly, completely awake. “Oh…I thought I was dreaming.” Then she smiled. “It was a good dream.”


Bodie looked away unable or unwilling to speak aloud the words that described his feelings about last night. After an awkward moment he stood up on stiff legs and for the first time Shaun got to admire his nude body in all its glory. Damn…he was…damn…


He walked a short piece into the woods and relieved himself. Shaun wasn’t that brave and didn’t want to risk exposing herself to anymore creepy crawlies than what had probably already skittered over her while she slept, so she quickly dressed and found a place to crouch and pee. When she returned to the campsite Bodie had his clothes on and was bringing up his boots.


She knelt down beside him and looked out at the beauty of the surrounding forest. “I never thought I’d say this. But I’m going to miss these woods.”


Bodie paused and looked at her. In that moment there were so many things that he wanted to say to her, to ask her…maybe he was crazy to want it…so in the end he just nodded and finished tying his boots.


Shaun stood up uncertainly and looked for something to do. She kicked dirt on the remnants of last nights fire even though it was dead cold. She wondered if Bodie had any regrets about last night. Maybe the finger in the ass had been too much for him…


“Well,” he said, standing. “I guess we’re ready.”


They were silent as he searched for their reverse trail. Shaun didn’t want to break his concentration, but she so wanted to ask if last night had meant as much to him as it had to her.


She had never experienced anything so powerful or fulfilling. Making love with Bodie had been like experiencing everything for the first time. It was as if she had been walking through life in black and white and then suddenly color had been introduced.


She knew that she couldn’t just walk away from Bodie completely. But how did he feel? Was he just another good ol’ boy that had made the best of an opportunity to take a dip on the black side? Maybe he liked his all-white world up here on the mountain. The idea that last night was nothing more then slam-bam-thank you ma’am chilled her.


So in the end she didn’t ask.


They got back to the truck in the late morning. Shaun was filled with trepidation as they approached it, but nothing seemed out of order. Bodie found a hastily scribbled note on his steering wheel.


Bodi





Lets say we forget about all this? No harm no foul. Tell that lady we are sorry. If you want me to pay to fix any bodywork to your truck I will just be bringing it to your garage anyway. Sully will be in jail for killing my brother so you will not be able to beat a hole in his ass for shooting at you. But I pretty much took care of that myself.





-Derrick





Bodie was laughing so hard he couldn’t read the note to Shaun so he just passed it to her.


She, on the other hand, was not amused.


“I don’t believe this.” She was shaking her head. “That’s it?! I’m sorry for terrorizing you, for almost kidnapping you, for shooting at you, and sending you on a high speed car chase; we just made a mistake?!”


“Shaun-”


“No, Bodie!” She pointed at him. “It ain’t okay! I want off this fucking mountain, out of this back wood state and back to Chicago where everybody is normal!”


Bodie started the truck. “You want some coffee first? Get cleaned up-?”


“No! I don’t want any coffee. I don’t want you to drive me to Richmond. I want to go back to the bus station, cash in my ticket and buy another one back to Chicago! Where’s my purse?!” She found it on the floor and searched it for her ticket. “I hate this stupid-ass place!” she muttered and then stared out the window with tears welling up in her eyes.


Bodie drove back to town silently, peeking at her often but seeing nothing but rage on her face.


He pulled up to the bus station in the exact same spot where they had fought off the Klan the day before.


Shaun barely waited for the truck to come to a full stop before she climbed out of it. She hurried to the entrance of the bus station and before pushing the door open she glanced over her shoulder at him one last time. Then she disappeared.


Bodie silently fumed. He ripped open the glove box and retrieved his pack of cigarettes. He smoked it trying to calm his anger. When it was down to the butt he threw it out the window and then peeled out of the parking lot still angry.





Chapter 7





Bodie was working on the engine of Toady Allen’s car. Toady was forever buying junkers for two and three hundred bucks and then expecting Bodie to work miracles. Rebuilding the carburetor wasn’t going to do it. Nothing short of a new engine was going to keep this thing running.


He slammed the hood and fished a rag out of the back pocket of his coveralls and wiped his hands.


It was after nine and he had already sent Pete and Bobby home. He locked up his garage and got into his new car, which was actually older than him. It was a black 1968 Dodge Charger that he had rebuilt over the course of the last six months.


He’d gotten rid of his truck. Somehow his tastes had changed.


At home he took a bath and had a couple of sandwiches then he decided to head over to Stubby’s to unwind. He turned the radio where it was set to a classic R&B channel and grooved to Marvin Gaye’s What’s Going On.


The bootleg joint had the same old crowd that was always there each night and they made room for Bodie. Laura came over to stand beside him. He hid a grimace when she tried picking up on him.


To her credit she was what all the good ol’ boys wanted, but Bodie’s flavor had changed.


Over the months, all he could seem to think about were full brown breasts and a certain someone’s succulent lips. None of the girls that had ever interested him before could do so much as to cause him to raise an eyebrow anymore.


Weeks after Shaun’s unceremonious departure from the mountain a half angry Bodie had gone down to Richmond and bought a porno; Black chicks that love white dicks. He watched it until his balls were chaffed. A month later he had charged into the Sherriff’s office and demanded that Lloyd run Shaun’s plates to find out where she lived. He’d sat on the information that came back for another month before he finally tried contacting her.


He wrote a letter and it was the first time that he had ever told any woman that he dreamed of her constantly…


The letter was returned; Undeliverable. No forwarding address found. Yeah, maybe that was a good thing. You don’t write in a letter that you were scared…You don’t admit to a sheet of paper that you had fucked up because it had been so long since you had felt anything…


“Bodie?” Laura called. “Earth to Bodie?”


“Huh?” He looked at the pretty redhead with the striking green eyes that generally captivated any man that she set them on. “I’m sorry. My mind must have wandered.”


She gave him an incredulous look. “Most men don’t say that when I’m around.”


He didn’t have a polite come back to that so he just stayed quiet and after a moment Laura stormed away. Bodie ordered another beer and contemplated the nature of his life on this mountain.


“Well will you look at that…”Merle said from his place behind the bar. JD turned in his stool to look at what had Merle so dumbfounded.


“Fuck me with a stick.” JD said in shock. Then he looked at Bodie. As a matter of fact everyone in the bar was looking at Bodie. Bodie pulled himself out of his reverie at the sudden quiet, he turned and looked over his shoulder at the entrance to the bar.


Standing in the doorway was a very pretty, petite black woman with a very large, very pregnant belly.


Bodie’s jaw dropped.


“Bodie, you better go see about your business.” Merle chuckled. And then everyone was good-naturedly razing him.


Of course everybody on the mountain had heard about the two of them tooling around town together and when Bodie’s temper soured they had all speculated on the reason--had even made jokes at his expense, which soured him even more. But now the focus of that speculation was standing right there in the doorway of a redneck joint, in exactly the spot she had stood over eight months ago.


The petite black woman placed her hands on top of the swell of her belly and sighed as she stared pointedly at Bodie. He scrambled to stand on legs that were now as shaky as Jello. He thought he was going to hit the floor with his first step but somehow he was standing before her.


Her eyes narrowed. “Bodie…whatever your last name is, I just want to know whether or not you’re going to take care of your responsibilities.”


A few people hooted and he shot them a look filled with fire, which quieted the room again.


“Shaun…you’re…” he gestured to her belly.


“Having a baby,” she completed his sentence.


“How many months—oh…I guess I should know that right? It is-?”


“Yours? Yes,” she concluded for him.


He felt faint. “Okay.” With hands that shook slightly he helped her inside and got her seated at a table far away from his friends at the bar. Once they were seated he didn’t remove his hand from hers and the stern look on her face suddenly shattered and her eyes softened as she gripped his big hand.


“Oh Bodie, I’m so sorry! I was really scared,” she said rapidly, not caring about the audience that watched in rapt interest. “I wanted to come so many times-“


“Shaun-“


“I know that being scared was no reason to act the way I did but I’ll do whatever it takes to make it up to you-”


“Shaun.” She quieted and looked at him with teary eyes. “I missed you so damn much. I tried to find you. I sent you letters and they all came back undeliverable-”


She quickly perked. “That’s because Craig and I found a bigger place because of the baby. You…tried to find me, Bodie?”


“Yes.” He took her other hand and leaned in close to her, staring deeply into her dark eyes. “Shaun I wanted to tell you how sorry I was that I didn’t wake up that morning and take you in my arms and tell you how wonderful I thought you were-”


“Bodie,” she whispered as she stared deep into his hazel eyes.


“I wanted to but I didn’t,” he continued, “and it wasn’t because you’re black…I thought later that you might think that, but that wasn’t it. It was just because I’ve been by myself for so long and I truly don’t know how…how to be with you.”


“Oh Bodie! I’m sorry. Every single night since I’ve left I am haunted by how horrible I was. I was scared and I…I was just lashing out!”


“I am so sorry I let you go off like that alone. I knew you were scared, honey. I should have never let you go like that-”


“I was a bitch to you-”


He gave her a stern look. “Hey, don’t call my baby’s mama a bitch. She is a remarkably brave woman.” His frown deepened. “Who makes some crazy decisions—like driving up in these mountains after dark.” He shuddered at the thought of her navigating some of the dangerous turns and sudden drop-offs on those dark winding roads.


She smiled. “One thing about your baby’s mama is that she is very impulsive. Sometimes she will get a crazy idea in her head and nothing can change her mind.”


“What crazy idea did she get in her head this time?”


“That Chicago isn’t the best place to raise a baby.”


His heart was beating like crazy but his frown deepened. “There ain’t no place to raise my baby but right here on Cobb Hill with his daddy and Mama.”


She looked down, smile broadening. “Her.”


“Huh?” he asked.


“We having a baby girl.”


Bodie sputtered and then stood up. “I’m having a baby girl!” he yelled at the top of his lungs. Most everyone laughed and those who didn’t shook their head in secret envy.


People came up to congratulate them. JD suddenly appeared, all smiles.


“I’m Jimmy Dean Jones, ma’am. JD to my friends.” He reached out offering his hand to her and Bodie struck like a snake and gripped his wrist before it could approach his family.


JD gave him a surprised look and then he looked down in shame. But then he felt a small warm hand in his palm. He looked up and Shaun was shaking his hand. Bodie released his grip but he stood by tensely.


“Pleasure to meet you Jimmy Dean-”


He met Bodie’s eyes. “I told you, JD to my friends. I’d be mighty obliged if you call me JD.” He looked back at the pretty black woman and gave her a sincere smile.


“JD it is,” she said, returning it.


She placed her hand on Bodie’s arm. “Honey, lighten up. If we’re going to live up on this mountain together than I’m going to have to get to know these folks.


Bodie’s smile returned as he gazed upon the woman that had his entire future wrapped up inside of her. Then he looked up and addressed the room.


“Alright you rednecks!” he yelled above the sound of the continued congratulations, good-natured ribbing and the juke box that was blasting the usual country and western tune. It wasn’t hard to get everyone’s attention since he would remain the center of attention for some time to come. “I wanna tell y’all something. This here little lady is Shaundea. She’s my baby’s mama. Y’all going to be seeing a lot of her and my daughter…well when she’s born.” The sounds of laughter filled Stubby’s bootleg joint and could be heard for miles up and down Cobb Hill. “Well anyway, that’s all I got to say other than; next round is on me!”





~Epilogue~





Derrick sat on the ground beside his brother’s grave. He had spent the night drinking and his head throbbed; though not just because of the cheap wine, which was all that he could afford these days. He looked down at the brass grave marker that the cemetery used to mark the graves of those whose family had no money or didn’t care enough to purchase a gravestone. The guilt caused him to quickly look away. He wished he had the bottle now but even he knew that it was wrong to get trashed on church property.


He had never visited the cemetery in the year since Keegan’s death. If he came here than he would no longer be able to walk around in a fog of denial. Here he could not pretend that Keegan was ripping and running around town somewhere. Here he had to face that his brother had been placed in the ground and the bitter truth as to who was at fault.


It haunted him that the world continued to move forward without Keegan. Sully had taken a plea deal and had avoided getting gassed. Now he was cooling his heels in prison with three hots and a cot. Bodie had married the black girl and he sported her and that baby around town as if…Derek laughed bitterly. Bodie walked around town as if he was actually happy.


He blinked and then looked out into the distance, deep in thought. Today was Sunday and tomorrow would be the fourth of July and that is why he had finally come. The fourth of July reminded him of how much Keegan had loved the fireworks when he was a kid. He would ask Derrick to light his sparklers because his chubby little fingers were too small to work the lighter. Of course it was Derrick that had eventually taught him how to flick the bulb on the disposable lighter. And then years later it would be Derrick that showed him how to inhale the smoke from his first cigarette.


Derrick buried his hands in his hair as he remembered how Keegan would look up at him with wide, worshipping eyes, curious about everything that his older brother did. And most of what Derrick did was nothing worth sharing with a kid that looked up at him like that. And yet Derrick had done just that.


He was responsible for giving his little brother his first drink and within just a few short years Keegan couldn’t go more than a few hours without downing at least a six-pack. Derrick took pills and so of course Keegan did as well. And soon his brother was scraping up cash any way that he could in order to give his last dollar to a pill pusher.


Derrick’s stomach crumbled. Sully had pulled the trigger that ended his brother’s life but Derrick knew that it was he that had killed Keegan. His little brother had emulated him. They had hung out with the lowlifes and acted as bad as possible, donning hoods and thinking they were hotshots when they marched defiantly down Main Street screaming about the pureness of their race.


But in reality, there weren’t many of them fools that he would want to sit down with sober. They were stupid and ornery and just wanted to find some way to cause more misery in someone else’s lives than they had in their own.


He’d figured that out a long time ago. It didn’t take a rocket scientist to see what a bunch of losers they were. But he just continued playing his role as a bad-ass redneck to people who could care less. And then Sully killed his brother over some pills that he hadn’t paid for and he had to face a truth that he had tried very hard to deny; that he and his own kind had done more harm to themselves and to their own loved ones than any black, Mexican, gay or Jew.


Shortly after Keegan’s death he had looked around at the small piece of world that he had carved out for himself and it sickened him. For the first time in his life he could admit to wishing that he had even half the happiness that Bodie seemed to have with his wife and that little baby girl. He would give anything for just a taste of that happiness.


He looked at his brother’s grave in shame. “I’m sorry Keegan…” His brother’s bad choices as well as his untimely death lay squarely on his own shoulders and the guilt of it would be his eternal punishment.


Derek heard the rustle of footsteps approaching and he quickly swiped away at the tears that burned his eyes.


“Derrick?”


He frowned at the girl standing there in cowboy boots and an old, worn but freshly pressed dress. She didn’t back down at the unwelcoming look he bore. He finally recognized her. It was one of Benny’s brood. Benny had been a bit older and once upon a time Derrick had thought he was pretty bad-ass. Benny had shacked up with a woman that had a shitload of kids and he remembered this one because she used to always be around the Jameson boy; the one with the horribly deformed face like it was split in half and then sewn up by a doctor high on meth. Chris was his name. Chris Jameson. Derrick had been friends with his brother Walt before he had died in a drunken accident.


Same thing had happened to Benny a few years later, which in his case might not have been a terribly bad thing. Benny was a mean drunk who enjoyed his role in the Klan more than most. Always wanting to do shit when everyone else was good with just talking shit.


Derrick squinted at the girl. Well she wasn’t a girl anymore; she was a woman that looked to be in her twenties. She’d grown up to be a pretty little thing, but he averted his eyes because thinking like that didn’t seem right when he remembered her with Band-Aids on her knees and pigtails in her hair.


“We’re fixin’ to sit down and eat.” She gestured back at the little whitewashed church. There were two churches up on the mountain; the red church was called such because it was made of bricks and then this white one, which was the most popular for the old timers that still resided on Cobb Hill.


“I saw you sitting out here. You been out here a while. Um...I’m Debbie. Debbie Roberts.”


He nodded. “I remember you.”


Debbie glanced down at the marker that represented Keegan’s final resting place. “Me and Keegan went to school together,” she said in a soft voice. “He was about the only person that didn’t make fun of me for how poor I was. I knew it was because he was even more poor than me.”


Derrick grunted. “I know your Daddy didn’t do much for y’all.” How could he when he spent all his disability money drinking up in the bar with them?


Debbie suddenly stiffened and he gave her a curious look.


“Benny wasn’t my daddy.” He stared into her eyes and saw something there that hinted at a story that he didn’t even want to guess at. It caused a cold chill to run down his back. Yeah, Benny had died in a fiery crash and maybe that was a very good thing…He looked down at his hands.


“We got plenty of food if you want to come up.” When she waited for his response he nodded. He hadn’t eaten in days. He stood and then looked down at his soiled clothes that smelled as if he hadn’t bathed in a month of Tuesdays.


“Don’t worry. Pastor and First Lady don’t care about that.” She held out her hand to him and the sight of her pretty clean hand caused something inside of him to come to a skidding halt. His throat closed and he felt too ashamed of all of his sins to step foot into a church or to touch her clean hand.


She reached out and slowly took hold of his. He wanted to say, Wait. I’m going to make you dirty. But…what if there was something that could make him clean? He allowed her to lead him to the church and it was so white and clean, and as he stepped through the doorway he realized that he didn’t want to be dirty anymore.


Later, in what would seem like another lifetime, Derrick would gaze into the face of his newborn son feeling an overwhelming sense of love for his wife and child. He would remember a time when he had wished for what Bodie had and he would smile. He would then look at his exhausted wife and ask a question that he had feared voicing aloud; why had she reached out to a loser like him? A haunted look would cross her face as she replied that once upon a time she had turned her back on someone in need and then she would meet his eyes with a smile replacing the sadness. He would know that it was him that was responsible for bringing that smile to her face.


Derrick took a deep, cleansing breath and followed the girl to what he hoped would be his salvation.





The End





PEPPER PACE BOOKS


~~***~~

STRANDED!

Juicy

Love Intertwined Vol. 1

Love Intertwined Vol. 2

Urban Vampire; The Turning

Urban Vampire; Creature of the Night

Wheels of Steel Book 1

Wheels of Steel Book 2

Wheels of Steel Book 3

Angel Over My Shoulder

CRASH

Miscegenist Sabishii

They Say Love Is Blind

Beast

A Seal Upon Your Heart



SHORT STORIES

~~***~~

Someone to Love

MILF

Blair and the Emoboy

Babygirl and the Mean Boss



COLLABORATIONS

~~***~~





Seduction: An Interracial Romance Anthology Vol. 1





About the Author


Pepper Pace creates a unique brand of Interracial/multicultural erotic romance. While her stories span the gamut from humorous to heartfelt, the common theme is crossing racial boundaries.

The author is comfortable in dealing with situations that are often times considered taboo. Readers find themselves questioning their own sense of right and wrong, attraction and desire. The author believes that an erotic romance should first begin with romance and only then does she offers a look behind the closed doors to the passion.

Pepper Pace lives in Cincinnati, Ohio where many of her stories take place. She writes in the genres of science fiction, youth, horror, urban lit and poetry. She is a member of several online role-playing groups and hosts several blogs. In addition to writing, the author is also an artist, an introverted recluse, a self proclaimed empath and a foodie. Pepper Pace can be contacted at her blog, Writing Feedback:

http://pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com/ or by email at pepperpace.author@yahoo.com





Awards


Pepper Pace is a popular author on Literotica.com. She is the winner of the 11th Annual Literotica Awards for 2009 for Best Reluctance story, as well as best Novels/Novella. She is also recipient of Literotica’s August 2009 People's Choice Award, and was awarded second place in the January 2010 People’s Choice Award. In the 12th Annual Literotica Awards for 2010, Pepper Pace won number one writer in the category of Novels/Novella as well as best Interracial story. Pepper is also a #1 Best Selling Author on Amazon and AllRomance e-books. She been listed among the top 100 erotic authors on Amazon.





Table of Contents

A darkly comedic adventure befalls a lone black woman that takes a wrong turn, which leads to murder, the Klan and a big sexy mountain man named Bodie. *Warning: graphic sexual descriptions, strong racist language.

(Untitled)



(Untitled)





(Untitled)





(Untitled)





(Untitled)

Chapter 1

(Untitled)



Chapter 2

(Untitled)



Chapter 3

(Untitled)



Chapter 4

(Untitled)



Chapter 5

(Untitled)



(Untitled)





Chapter 6

Shaun didn’t remember falling asleep. But when she opened her eyes she found that she was laying beside Bodie, her head cradled against his arm and shoulder. His breathing was even and quiet. She glanced around without moving. The fire had gone out, burning down to just red embers that glowed softly in the night like strange candles. It was darker than any dark night in Chicago. In the country night was black despite the moon and stars glittering above—away from streetlights, passing cars and homes illuminated from within.



Using the small amount of illumination to see, Shaun tried to study Bodie’s features in the dark. He was handsome even if he did have a mullet. And he talked so country—she found herself emulating his country dialect. God, but he was the bravest man she had ever met. She replayed the way he had beat up those Klansmen at the bus station and the way he never acted the least bit scared, even when that fool shot at them.





Man, wouldn’t Craig go for Bodie. Patrice would too. Shaun blinked. No, SHE could really go for Bodie. He was everything that she had ever searched for in a man…and more. He was kick-ass, incredible looking, owned his own business…what more could you ask for? She scowled. For him to be black? Why? He might be a redneck but he certainly wasn’t a racist.





She snuggled deeper into his arms and he pulled her to him and like a big bear he enclosed her protectively within his embrace.





This was more comfortable than sleeping in a feather bed! Shaun yawned and slid her arm around him, getting even closer. Oops, maybe too close. Could that really be...? DAYUM! Maybe he had put the tire iron down his pants…





Just as she was getting ready to get happy at what was poking against her thigh, a sudden sense of sadness fell over Shaun. She could reach up and trace his muscles with her fingertips or place her lips in the hollow of his neck. She could reach down and stroke him until he quivered in her hands. But she realized that she wanted that and more. She wanted this big countryman as her own.





No! That’s stupid! Who falls in love with a person that they’ve known for just one day?





Shaun froze as she thought about that word that had shot through her mind like a bullet from a Klansman’s rifle.





I love Bodie. She waited but the world didn’t end. She smiled. But it soon faded. After today she would never step foot on this mountain again, and therefore she would never see Bodie again.





Her brow drew together. If that’s the case, then I’m going out with a bang!





Shaun slid her body up until she was face to face with the still sleeping Bodie. Gently she placed her lips on his.





He didn’t budge.





She regarded him a moment before leaning forward again and this time allowing her kisses to trail down his chin. When she got to the hollow of his neck she allowed her tongue to flick him lightly. Bodie’s hand suddenly moved up and he buried his fist into her wild hair, urging her back up to his lips. When she complied he took her lips, owning them with his kisses. She was amazed that there seemed to be nothing sleepy about his movements and she wondered if he had been awake all along, seducing her with that huge bulge that strained in his pants.





Well Shaun wasn’t going for seduction. She had been smoldering and now she was blazing hot. She reached down between them and stroked him through his pants. Damn, it wasn’t a tire iron but it was bigger and harder than any man ought to be.





Bodie inhaled deeply at the way she touched him. He gripped her ass with his huge hand, finally claiming what he had been eyeing all day. He felt a sudden tug on his zipper and then Shaun was reaching into his pants and gripping his cock.





The air got caught in Bodie’s chest. He hadn’t felt another’s hand on him like this in far too long and he could very easily embarrass himself by shooting off in her hand right then and there. How could such a petite woman be so damn forceful and yet so damn sexy? He could no longer deny the draw that he had been feeling for her every since he had set eyes on her giving shit to JD in the bar.





He liked her. Not just for the deep cocoa brown skin that was so rare up here on the mountain, nor for the knock-out curves that she possessed on her petite frame. He was drawn to her open innocence and bravery. She was strong even when she was hurting and he wanted very badly to make every bit of the hurt go away.





Bodie reached up and undid the buttons on the coveralls that she wore. Shaun helped him and then quickly shrugged out of them. Bodie then undid the button and zipper on her jeans, tugging them down enough to grip the bare flesh of her ass. His fingers dug possessively into the flesh of her bodacious backside.





“Oh my god,” he groaned. Shaun finished pulling off her jeans and he did the same. Soon he was lying on his back wearing only a t-shirt and staring up at the half nude woman who had just stumbled out of her jeans and panties. With amazingly little effort he pulled her down perching her atop him with her luscious brown legs straddling him.





Shaun had never straddled a man that was so big that her knees could barely touch down! His cock strained upward and she was mesmerized by how stiff and thick it was. She examined the way the dark hair of his pelvis crept up his belly and then covered his chest. She had never seen a hairy chest—Craig waxed and well the boys of her past were narrow-chested wannabe men. She wasn’t sure if she liked it but braced herself by planting her hands on his chest and felt that his body hair was curly and soft.





He watched her as she ran her hands over his chest, his hand stroking her thighs and she decided that she liked it. She liked that he was a big hairy bear of a man with a country twang and a huge cock. And soon she felt her nectar seeping from her and knew that it was running down his legs too.





Using both hands Shaun gripped his shaft causing Bodie to groan again. Carefully she lowered herself onto his rigid erection and Bodie gripped her hips to steady her.





Lord, he thought, she is tight! The blood raced through his veins as she made several attempts to get him completely inside of narrow passage. Her gasps and moans were like gasoline to an open flame. He wanted it to be good for her like she was making it good for him. Instead of thrusting wildly Bodie rolled his hips and pistoned in and out of her smooth and rhythmically.





Oh my god! She thought as he somehow managed to keep his body still except for the delicious rolling of his hips. His giant cock filled her more completely than ever before. Wantonly she reached up and massaged her aching breast through the fabric of her blouse. Bodie’s hands were suddenly there, moving beneath her blouse and beneath her hands to join her manipulations. He pushed her bra up until her heavy breast fell from their confines and when he glimpsed them in the slight illumination left by the moon and the stars he sucked in an audible gulp.





Beautiful. Nothing had ever been more beautiful to him, not the red sunset of the mountain cliffs, or the virgin snow in the valley. Nothing could eclipse the sight that he glimpsed until Shaun quickly pulled the blouse and bra over her head. She rode him smoothly, pelvis rolling in concentric circles to his steady thrusts. And then she lifted one breast to her mouth and he saw her lips enclose one dark, fat nipple.





“Oh damn…” Bodie whimpered, His hips suddenly pumped wildly into her.





Shaun threw her head back and screeched, sounding much like the wildcats that cried out in the dark. She bounced up and down on the cock that she now rode with frenzied abandon.





“No…” he warned, but it was too late. He could feel his balls tighten. He pushed her away so that he could pull out but she was cumming too and she wailed and bounced even harder.





Bodie felt himself explode within her and he wailed right along with her. It seemed to endure forever; sparks of pleasure prolonging the orgasm even past the point of ejaculation.





Eventually there was not enough energy to even move and Shaun collapsed on top of the big mountain man in total exhaustion. His arms came up around her and she managed a smile.





Damn, what had just happened? It was amazing… “That was too quick,” was what he said even while his mind was thinking half a million different thoughts.





She raised her head from his chest. He could clearly see the damp ringlets surrounding the most beautiful face that he’d ever set eyes on.





“No it wasn’t. I needed that, Bodie. Just like it was.”





Mesmerized, he stroked her back gently. “Shaun,” he said after a few minutes. “Spread out my shirt and those coveralls on the ground.”





She gave him a curious look but did what he asked.





“Lay down.” He helped her. “It’s time for desert,” he said in a lazy country drawl, and then positioned his head between her legs.





~***~





The first crack of dawn fell onto the two sleeping figures; arms and legs all a-tangle. The sun was high in the sky before Bodie finally woke up from his cozy slumber.





He grimaced. His back ached, his neck was stiff and his jaw was sore. On top of that he had to piss like a racehorse. But then he stared down at Shaun all cuddled up against him, mouth slack and soft snores escaping and his grimace turned into a grin.





“Shaun, baby.” He gently kissed her neck and shoulder.





“Hmmm.” She stirred.





“Wake up, baby. We need to get up. It’s late in the day.”





She sat up suddenly, completely awake. “Oh…I thought I was dreaming.” Then she smiled. “It was a good dream.”





Bodie looked away unable or unwilling to speak aloud the words that described his feelings about last night. After an awkward moment he stood up on stiff legs and for the first time Shaun got to admire his nude body in all its glory. Damn…he was…damn…





He walked a short piece into the woods and relieved himself. Shaun wasn’t that brave and didn’t want to risk exposing herself to anymore creepy crawlies than what had probably already skittered over her while she slept, so she quickly dressed and found a place to crouch and pee. When she returned to the campsite Bodie had his clothes on and was bringing up his boots.





She knelt down beside him and looked out at the beauty of the surrounding forest. “I never thought I’d say this. But I’m going to miss these woods.”





Bodie paused and looked at her. In that moment there were so many things that he wanted to say to her, to ask her…maybe he was crazy to want it…so in the end he just nodded and finished tying his boots.





Shaun stood up uncertainly and looked for something to do. She kicked dirt on the remnants of last nights fire even though it was dead cold. She wondered if Bodie had any regrets about last night. Maybe the finger in the ass had been too much for him…





“Well,” he said, standing. “I guess we’re ready.”





They were silent as he searched for their reverse trail. Shaun didn’t want to break his concentration, but she so wanted to ask if last night had meant as much to him as it had to her.





She had never experienced anything so powerful or fulfilling. Making love with Bodie had been like experiencing everything for the first time. It was as if she had been walking through life in black and white and then suddenly color had been introduced.





She knew that she couldn’t just walk away from Bodie completely. But how did he feel? Was he just another good ol’ boy that had made the best of an opportunity to take a dip on the black side? Maybe he liked his all-white world up here on the mountain. The idea that last night was nothing more then slam-bam-thank you ma’am chilled her.





So in the end she didn’t ask.





They got back to the truck in the late morning. Shaun was filled with trepidation as they approached it, but nothing seemed out of order. Bodie found a hastily scribbled note on his steering wheel.





Bodi





Lets say we forget about all this? No harm no foul. Tell that lady we are sorry. If you want me to pay to fix any bodywork to your truck I will just be bringing it to your garage anyway. Sully will be in jail for killing my brother so you will not be able to beat a hole in his ass for shooting at you. But I pretty much took care of that myself.





-Derrick





Bodie was laughing so hard he couldn’t read the note to Shaun so he just passed it to her.





She, on the other hand, was not amused.





“I don’t believe this.” She was shaking her head. “That’s it?! I’m sorry for terrorizing you, for almost kidnapping you, for shooting at you, and sending you on a high speed car chase; we just made a mistake?!”





“Shaun-”





“No, Bodie!” She pointed at him. “It ain’t okay! I want off this fucking mountain, out of this back wood state and back to Chicago where everybody is normal!”





Bodie started the truck. “You want some coffee first? Get cleaned up-?”





“No! I don’t want any coffee. I don’t want you to drive me to Richmond. I want to go back to the bus station, cash in my ticket and buy another one back to Chicago! Where’s my purse?!” She found it on the floor and searched it for her ticket. “I hate this stupid-ass place!” she muttered and then stared out the window with tears welling up in her eyes.





Bodie drove back to town silently, peeking at her often but seeing nothing but rage on her face.





He pulled up to the bus station in the exact same spot where they had fought off the Klan the day before.





Shaun barely waited for the truck to come to a full stop before she climbed out of it. She hurried to the entrance of the bus station and before pushing the door open she glanced over her shoulder at him one last time. Then she disappeared.





Bodie silently fumed. He ripped open the glove box and retrieved his pack of cigarettes. He smoked it trying to calm his anger. When it was down to the butt he threw it out the window and then peeled out of the parking lot still angry.





(Untitled)





(Untitled)





Chapter 7

Bodie was working on the engine of Toady Allen’s car. Toady was forever buying junkers for two and three hundred bucks and then expecting Bodie to work miracles. Rebuilding the carburetor wasn’t going to do it. Nothing short of a new engine was going to keep this thing running.



He slammed the hood and fished a rag out of the back pocket of his coveralls and wiped his hands.





It was after nine and he had already sent Pete and Bobby home. He locked up his garage and got into his new car, which was actually older than him. It was a black 1968 Dodge Charger that he had rebuilt over the course of the last six months.





He’d gotten rid of his truck. Somehow his tastes had changed.





At home he took a bath and had a couple of sandwiches then he decided to head over to Stubby’s to unwind. He turned the radio where it was set to a classic R&B channel and grooved to Marvin Gaye’s What’s Going On.





The bootleg joint had the same old crowd that was always there each night and they made room for Bodie. Laura came over to stand beside him. He hid a grimace when she tried picking up on him.





To her credit she was what all the good ol’ boys wanted, but Bodie’s flavor had changed.





Over the months, all he could seem to think about were full brown breasts and a certain someone’s succulent lips. None of the girls that had ever interested him before could do so much as to cause him to raise an eyebrow anymore.





Weeks after Shaun’s unceremonious departure from the mountain a half angry Bodie had gone down to Richmond and bought a porno; Black chicks that love white dicks. He watched it until his balls were chaffed. A month later he had charged into the Sherriff’s office and demanded that Lloyd run Shaun’s plates to find out where she lived. He’d sat on the information that came back for another month before he finally tried contacting her.





He wrote a letter and it was the first time that he had ever told any woman that he dreamed of her constantly…





The letter was returned; Undeliverable. No forwarding address found. Yeah, maybe that was a good thing. You don’t write in a letter that you were scared…You don’t admit to a sheet of paper that you had fucked up because it had been so long since you had felt anything…





“Bodie?” Laura called. “Earth to Bodie?”





“Huh?” He looked at the pretty redhead with the striking green eyes that generally captivated any man that she set them on. “I’m sorry. My mind must have wandered.”





She gave him an incredulous look. “Most men don’t say that when I’m around.”





He didn’t have a polite come back to that so he just stayed quiet and after a moment Laura stormed away. Bodie ordered another beer and contemplated the nature of his life on this mountain.





“Well will you look at that…”Merle said from his place behind the bar. JD turned in his stool to look at what had Merle so dumbfounded.





“Fuck me with a stick.” JD said in shock. Then he looked at Bodie. As a matter of fact everyone in the bar was looking at Bodie. Bodie pulled himself out of his reverie at the sudden quiet, he turned and looked over his shoulder at the entrance to the bar.





Standing in the doorway was a very pretty, petite black woman with a very large, very pregnant belly.





Bodie’s jaw dropped.





“Bodie, you better go see about your business.” Merle chuckled. And then everyone was good-naturedly razing him.





Of course everybody on the mountain had heard about the two of them tooling around town together and when Bodie’s temper soured they had all speculated on the reason--had even made jokes at his expense, which soured him even more. But now the focus of that speculation was standing right there in the doorway of a redneck joint, in exactly the spot she had stood over eight months ago.





The petite black woman placed her hands on top of the swell of her belly and sighed as she stared pointedly at Bodie. He scrambled to stand on legs that were now as shaky as Jello. He thought he was going to hit the floor with his first step but somehow he was standing before her.





Her eyes narrowed. “Bodie…whatever your last name is, I just want to know whether or not you’re going to take care of your responsibilities.”





A few people hooted and he shot them a look filled with fire, which quieted the room again.





“Shaun…you’re…” he gestured to her belly.





“Having a baby,” she completed his sentence.





“How many months—oh…I guess I should know that right? It is-?”





“Yours? Yes,” she concluded for him.





He felt faint. “Okay.” With hands that shook slightly he helped her inside and got her seated at a table far away from his friends at the bar. Once they were seated he didn’t remove his hand from hers and the stern look on her face suddenly shattered and her eyes softened as she gripped his big hand.





“Oh Bodie, I’m so sorry! I was really scared,” she said rapidly, not caring about the audience that watched in rapt interest. “I wanted to come so many times-“





“Shaun-“





“I know that being scared was no reason to act the way I did but I’ll do whatever it takes to make it up to you-”





“Shaun.” She quieted and looked at him with teary eyes. “I missed you so damn much. I tried to find you. I sent you letters and they all came back undeliverable-”





She quickly perked. “That’s because Craig and I found a bigger place because of the baby. You…tried to find me, Bodie?”





“Yes.” He took her other hand and leaned in close to her, staring deeply into her dark eyes. “Shaun I wanted to tell you how sorry I was that I didn’t wake up that morning and take you in my arms and tell you how wonderful I thought you were-”





“Bodie,” she whispered as she stared deep into his hazel eyes.





“I wanted to but I didn’t,” he continued, “and it wasn’t because you’re black…I thought later that you might think that, but that wasn’t it. It was just because I’ve been by myself for so long and I truly don’t know how…how to be with you.”





“Oh Bodie! I’m sorry. Every single night since I’ve left I am haunted by how horrible I was. I was scared and I…I was just lashing out!”





“I am so sorry I let you go off like that alone. I knew you were scared, honey. I should have never let you go like that-”





“I was a bitch to you-”





He gave her a stern look. “Hey, don’t call my baby’s mama a bitch. She is a remarkably brave woman.” His frown deepened. “Who makes some crazy decisions—like driving up in these mountains after dark.” He shuddered at the thought of her navigating some of the dangerous turns and sudden drop-offs on those dark winding roads.





She smiled. “One thing about your baby’s mama is that she is very impulsive. Sometimes she will get a crazy idea in her head and nothing can change her mind.”





“What crazy idea did she get in her head this time?”





“That Chicago isn’t the best place to raise a baby.”





His heart was beating like crazy but his frown deepened. “There ain’t no place to raise my baby but right here on Cobb Hill with his daddy and Mama.”





She looked down, smile broadening. “Her.”





“Huh?” he asked.





“We having a baby girl.”





Bodie sputtered and then stood up. “I’m having a baby girl!” he yelled at the top of his lungs. Most everyone laughed and those who didn’t shook their head in secret envy.





People came up to congratulate them. JD suddenly appeared, all smiles.





“I’m Jimmy Dean Jones, ma’am. JD to my friends.” He reached out offering his hand to her and Bodie struck like a snake and gripped his wrist before it could approach his family.





JD gave him a surprised look and then he looked down in shame. But then he felt a small warm hand in his palm. He looked up and Shaun was shaking his hand. Bodie released his grip but he stood by tensely.





“Pleasure to meet you Jimmy Dean-”





He met Bodie’s eyes. “I told you, JD to my friends. I’d be mighty obliged if you call me JD.” He looked back at the pretty black woman and gave her a sincere smile.





“JD it is,” she said, returning it.





She placed her hand on Bodie’s arm. “Honey, lighten up. If we’re going to live up on this mountain together than I’m going to have to get to know these folks.





Bodie’s smile returned as he gazed upon the woman that had his entire future wrapped up inside of her. Then he looked up and addressed the room.





“Alright you rednecks!” he yelled above the sound of the continued congratulations, good-natured ribbing and the juke box that was blasting the usual country and western tune. It wasn’t hard to get everyone’s attention since he would remain the center of attention for some time to come. “I wanna tell y’all something. This here little lady is Shaundea. She’s my baby’s mama. Y’all going to be seeing a lot of her and my daughter…well when she’s born.” The sounds of laughter filled Stubby’s bootleg joint and could be heard for miles up and down Cobb Hill. “Well anyway, that’s all I got to say other than; next round is on me!”





(Untitled)





(Untitled)





~Epilogue~

Derrick sat on the ground beside his brother’s grave. He had spent the night drinking and his head throbbed; though not just because of the cheap wine, which was all that he could afford these days. He looked down at the brass grave marker that the cemetery used to mark the graves of those whose family had no money or didn’t care enough to purchase a gravestone. The guilt caused him to quickly look away. He wished he had the bottle now but even he knew that it was wrong to get trashed on church property.



He had never visited the cemetery in the year since Keegan’s death. If he came here than he would no longer be able to walk around in a fog of denial. Here he could not pretend that Keegan was ripping and running around town somewhere. Here he had to face that his brother had been placed in the ground and the bitter truth as to who was at fault.





It haunted him that the world continued to move forward without Keegan. Sully had taken a plea deal and had avoided getting gassed. Now he was cooling his heels in prison with three hots and a cot. Bodie had married the black girl and he sported her and that baby around town as if…Derek laughed bitterly. Bodie walked around town as if he was actually happy.





He blinked and then looked out into the distance, deep in thought. Today was Sunday and tomorrow would be the fourth of July and that is why he had finally come. The fourth of July reminded him of how much Keegan had loved the fireworks when he was a kid. He would ask Derrick to light his sparklers because his chubby little fingers were too small to work the lighter. Of course it was Derrick that had eventually taught him how to flick the bulb on the disposable lighter. And then years later it would be Derrick that showed him how to inhale the smoke from his first cigarette.





Derrick buried his hands in his hair as he remembered how Keegan would look up at him with wide, worshipping eyes, curious about everything that his older brother did. And most of what Derrick did was nothing worth sharing with a kid that looked up at him like that. And yet Derrick had done just that.





He was responsible for giving his little brother his first drink and within just a few short years Keegan couldn’t go more than a few hours without downing at least a six-pack. Derrick took pills and so of course Keegan did as well. And soon his brother was scraping up cash any way that he could in order to give his last dollar to a pill pusher.





Derrick’s stomach crumbled. Sully had pulled the trigger that ended his brother’s life but Derrick knew that it was he that had killed Keegan. His little brother had emulated him. They had hung out with the lowlifes and acted as bad as possible, donning hoods and thinking they were hotshots when they marched defiantly down Main Street screaming about the pureness of their race.





But in reality, there weren’t many of them fools that he would want to sit down with sober. They were stupid and ornery and just wanted to find some way to cause more misery in someone else’s lives than they had in their own.





He’d figured that out a long time ago. It didn’t take a rocket scientist to see what a bunch of losers they were. But he just continued playing his role as a bad-ass redneck to people who could care less. And then Sully killed his brother over some pills that he hadn’t paid for and he had to face a truth that he had tried very hard to deny; that he and his own kind had done more harm to themselves and to their own loved ones than any black, Mexican, gay or Jew.





Shortly after Keegan’s death he had looked around at the small piece of world that he had carved out for himself and it sickened him. For the first time in his life he could admit to wishing that he had even half the happiness that Bodie seemed to have with his wife and that little baby girl. He would give anything for just a taste of that happiness.





He looked at his brother’s grave in shame. “I’m sorry Keegan…” His brother’s bad choices as well as his untimely death lay squarely on his own shoulders and the guilt of it would be his eternal punishment.





Derek heard the rustle of footsteps approaching and he quickly swiped away at the tears that burned his eyes.





“Derrick?”





He frowned at the girl standing there in cowboy boots and an old, worn but freshly pressed dress. She didn’t back down at the unwelcoming look he bore. He finally recognized her. It was one of Benny’s brood. Benny had been a bit older and once upon a time Derrick had thought he was pretty bad-ass. Benny had shacked up with a woman that had a shitload of kids and he remembered this one because she used to always be around the Jameson boy; the one with the horribly deformed face like it was split in half and then sewn up by a doctor high on meth. Chris was his name. Chris Jameson. Derrick had been friends with his brother Walt before he had died in a drunken accident.





Same thing had happened to Benny a few years later, which in his case might not have been a terribly bad thing. Benny was a mean drunk who enjoyed his role in the Klan more than most. Always wanting to do shit when everyone else was good with just talking shit.





Derrick squinted at the girl. Well she wasn’t a girl anymore; she was a woman that looked to be in her twenties. She’d grown up to be a pretty little thing, but he averted his eyes because thinking like that didn’t seem right when he remembered her with Band-Aids on her knees and pigtails in her hair.





“We’re fixin’ to sit down and eat.” She gestured back at the little whitewashed church. There were two churches up on the mountain; the red church was called such because it was made of bricks and then this white one, which was the most popular for the old timers that still resided on Cobb Hill.





“I saw you sitting out here. You been out here a while. Um...I’m Debbie. Debbie Roberts.”





He nodded. “I remember you.”





Debbie glanced down at the marker that represented Keegan’s final resting place. “Me and Keegan went to school together,” she said in a soft voice. “He was about the only person that didn’t make fun of me for how poor I was. I knew it was because he was even more poor than me.”





Derrick grunted. “I know your Daddy didn’t do much for y’all.” How could he when he spent all his disability money drinking up in the bar with them?





Debbie suddenly stiffened and he gave her a curious look.





“Benny wasn’t my daddy.” He stared into her eyes and saw something there that hinted at a story that he didn’t even want to guess at. It caused a cold chill to run down his back. Yeah, Benny had died in a fiery crash and maybe that was a very good thing…He looked down at his hands.





“We got plenty of food if you want to come up.” When she waited for his response he nodded. He hadn’t eaten in days. He stood and then looked down at his soiled clothes that smelled as if he hadn’t bathed in a month of Tuesdays.





“Don’t worry. Pastor and First Lady don’t care about that.” She held out her hand to him and the sight of her pretty clean hand caused something inside of him to come to a skidding halt. His throat closed and he felt too ashamed of all of his sins to step foot into a church or to touch her clean hand.





She reached out and slowly took hold of his. He wanted to say, Wait. I’m going to make you dirty. But…what if there was something that could make him clean? He allowed her to lead him to the church and it was so white and clean, and as he stepped through the doorway he realized that he didn’t want to be dirty anymore.





Later, in what would seem like another lifetime, Derrick would gaze into the face of his newborn son feeling an overwhelming sense of love for his wife and child. He would remember a time when he had wished for what Bodie had and he would smile. He would then look at his exhausted wife and ask a question that he had feared voicing aloud; why had she reached out to a loser like him? A haunted look would cross her face as she replied that once upon a time she had turned her back on someone in need and then she would meet his eyes with a smile replacing the sadness. He would know that it was him that was responsible for bringing that smile to her face.





Derrick took a deep, cleansing breath and followed the girl to what he hoped would be his salvation.





(Untitled)





The End





(Untitled)





PEPPER PACE BOOKS

Seduction: An Interracial Romance Anthology Vol. 1



(Untitled)





(Untitled)





About the Author

(Untitled)



(Untitled)





Awards

(Untitled)





