Begin Reading

Table of Contents

About the Author

Copyright Page




Thank you for buying this Swerve ebook.

To receive special offers, bonus content, and info on new releases and other great reads, sign up for our newsletters.



Or visit us online at us.macmillan.com/newslettersignup

For email updates on the author, click here.





The author and publisher have provided this e-book to you for your personal use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any way. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author's copyright, please notify the publisher at: http://us.macmillanusa.com/piracy.





To Mom and Dad.

Thanks for everything.





1


A nap. That was all Natasha Díaz wanted. She had fantasized about it the whole drive home, in the brand-new blue Prius that had used her entire paycheck from playing a high school mean girl in a few episodes of Drama School. Not her finest work, but hey, the pay was okay.

When her last client canceled their private yoga session, Natasha headed straight home for a late afternoon nap. She’d taught six fitness classes that day on very little sleep—her own fault, for once again succumbing to temptation. Was a nap too much to ask?

Apparently so, because her entire mother-effing bathroom ceiling was gone.

Well, not gone. Just not where it was supposed to be. Instead of being where a ceiling belonged, it was all over her bathroom and half the bedroom—including her closet.

Cue the screaming of every Spanish curse word she knew, which was a lot of them.

This was what she got for wanting the master bedroom. When she and her best friend Gina had moved in nearly five years earlier, Natasha insisted she was cool paying more for the bigger room and private bath. Now, plaster, water, and a fine layer of white dust were everywhere, making it difficult to breathe. She covered her mouth and nose with one hand, creating a makeshift mask. Water still cascaded in from somewhere above.

And her closet? The door had been left ajar in her rush to leave last night. She opened it fully and bit back a sigh. The water from the leak upstairs had managed to seep inside, along with no small amount of plaster dust. It had gotten into her clothing. Her shoes. Her luggage. And everything else jammed into the top shelf she couldn’t reach without standing on a stepladder. It was a godawful mess.

Swallowing back tears, she pulled out her phone and put in a call to her building’s management company. No one picked up, of course, but she left a message explaining the situation in as calm a voice as she could manage, even as the water still flowed. Then she sent a text to the building’s super, hoping he was around.

Since a hollow whooshing sound still came from the pipes upstairs, Natasha grabbed a broom and banged on the bedroom ceiling, hoping it wouldn’t fall in as well. Nothing happened. She jogged upstairs to knock on her neighbor’s door. Again, no reply. The fucking nerve of them, ruining her apartment and wardrobe, and not even having the decency to be home so she could bitch them out.

No use dwelling on it. They had to come back sometime.

Trudging back to her own apartment, she got to work emptying the closet. Wet things in one pile on the floor, and dry things on the bed. Each ruined item she tossed aside brought a pang of loss.

Her clothes. Her beautiful, beautiful clothes.

Snap out of it. Okay, so this was bad, but not horrible. The apartment had a second bedroom, vacant now that Gina had moved out, and a second bathroom. She could still stay here while repairs were made. Or maybe the management company would finally reply to the emails she had sent asking if there was a one-bedroom available in the same building for her to move into.

A small part of her regretted turning down Gina’s offer to pay rent until the end of the lease, but it was high time she stopped leaning on Gina for support. She was twenty-seven years old, old enough to stop relying on her best friend and stand on her own two feet. She didn’t want a new roommate—didn’t want to have to learn to deal with another person’s quirks—and she had enough summer gigs to cover the full rent on her own until the fifteenth season of The Dance Off started filming in the fall. She’d make it.

Being a pro dancer on a hit reality TV celebrity dance competition paid well, although money still seemed to slip through her fingers as easily as it had when she’d been a teenager working as a waitress in the Bronx.

Exhausted as she was, Natasha separated out the clothing to be tossed in the washer and what would have to be dry cleaned. Laundry was the absolute last thing she wanted to do, but when there was a hole in your bathroom ceiling, plans changed. She’d just retrieved the detergent from under the kitchen sink when someone knocked on her door.

Opening it revealed Manny, the building’s super. “Hola, Manny,” she said, switching to Spanish for their conversation. And even though she was on the verge of hysteria, she asked in a polite tone, “¿Cómo están sus niños?”

It was their dynamic—when their paths crossed, they chatted in Spanish and she asked about his kids, and he came to her assistance more quickly than he did for some of the other tenants.

As he told her about his son’s latest achievement at computer camp, she ushered him into her bedroom and gestured at the water still pouring in. “I came home a few minutes ago and found it like this.”

Manny stood with his hands on his hips, staring at the ceiling, then sighed and removed a giant key ring from his belt. “I’ll go up and turn off the water.”

Natasha continued to move things out of the bedroom while she waited. There was no way she was going to be able to sleep in her room for the foreseeable future.

It was a while before Manny returned. Natasha looked up in surprise when he finally re-entered the apartment. “What took so long?” she asked.

Manny jingled the key ring on the end of his finger. “Lo siento, señorita,” he began. “It looks like a pipe burst. I had to shut off the water in the entire building.”

Natasha groaned. “For how long? I need to do laundry.”

He shrugged. “I have to call a plumber. I don’t know how long it will take.”

Natasha sucked in a deep breath. It wouldn’t do any good to take out her frustration on the super. “Okay, well, I’ll just move my things into the second bedroom for now. I can stay there until this is fixed, unless there’s another apartment in the building that’s open. I don’t need a two-bedroom anymore, so I’d be happy to move into a one-bedroom until my lease ends.” If she got a new apartment out of this whole ordeal, maybe it would be worth it.

Manny cringed. “Señorita, I don’t think either of those options will work.”

Natasha went still, and tried to ignore the prickling sensation on the back of her neck. Whatever Manny was about to say, this was going to get worse. “¿Por qué?”

“The problem is there’s a bug infestation in the apartment upstairs. And . . . some of the other apartments in the building.”

The prickles spread down her back. “How many other apartments?”

“A lot of them.”

Fighting panic, Natasha squeezed her eyes shut and pinched the bridge of her nose. “What kind of bug—no, you know what, don’t tell me. I don’t want to know.”

Bugs. Carajo. Just the thought made her skin crawl.

Manny’s eyebrows tilted downward in sympathy. “The management company wanted to keep it quiet. I wasn’t allowed to let everyone know.”

That’s why the jerks hadn’t replied to her emails. “I get it. Okay, so, what does this mean? How long will it take to fix all this—the bugs, and the ceiling?”

He shrugged. “I don’t know. Hopefully not too long. You’ll be able to leave your furniture in the apartment while the exterminator and contractors work, though you should wrap it in plastic first. And you’re welcome to move back in when it’s all done, but it means we have to hold on to your deposit and you have to pay rent.”

Of course. The prickles intensified, and her eyes burned. “I see. Gracias, Manny.”

“I’m sorry I couldn’t be more help,” he said. “I’ll be upstairs cleaning if you need me. It looks like the guy who lives there moved out without notice.”

After Manny left, a cloud of despair descended.

She was going to have to move out. Immediately. Chest tight, she eyed the piles of clothing, wondering how fast bugs could move.

If only Gina were here. Gina would know what to do. She’d take care of everything, and their lives wouldn’t even skip a beat. All of this would be a minor nuisance, flattened by the force of Gina’s efficiency.

Natasha gave herself a shake before she could pick up and dial her best friend. No, she could do this. She could be an adult, and handle the obstacles that arose.

Closing her eyes, Natasha thought, What would Gina do?

Research. Gina always started by informing herself of the topic at hand. When they’d learned ballroom dance styles, Gina had made them color-coded study guides and playlists.

Natasha pulled out her phone and started a search, grimacing at the photos of bugs. A bit of digging revealed a ray of hope: if she washed and dried on hot, she could salvage most of the clothing. The more delicate items had to get to the dry cleaner immediately, which would cost a fortune, but it was worth it to save her wardrobe.

There. Adulting wasn’t so hard.

Except she still didn’t have a place to live. And she had a whole apartment to pack up.

And she was exhausted

Stupid Dimitri and his late-night texts. Stupid her for not ignoring him.

Shit. Enough wallowing. She had to get to work.





2


An hour later, Manny stopped by to tell her the water in the building was back on. Natasha grabbed the first two piles of clothes and hustled to the laundry room on her floor.

While the washer ran, she vacuumed and dusted everything else in the house. According to the list she’d found online, she was going to have to wrap all the furniture in plastic, and either put it into storage or move it into Gina’s old bedroom.

What a fucking chore. Her eyes and throat burned from exhaustion and plaster dust. She took a break to swap out her contacts for the red-framed glasses she wore at night.

Her phone rang while she was loading the dryer. Dimitri’s handsome face flashed on the screen, cropped from a selfie they’d taken one night swimming naked in his pool. She answered out of habit, then bit back a curse. Sangana. She didn’t have time to talk to him, to be tempted by him. Holding the phone to her ear with her shoulder, she grabbed a handful of socks that had fallen to the floor.

“What is it, Dimitri?” Frazzled, she snapped the words out, then winced. She’d never spoken to him that way, but she was inches from a meltdown and too tired to care.

“Tasha?” His deep voice tickled her ear. “Is everything okay?”

“Okay?” She let out a hysterical giggle, which seemed to shatter her common sense. Everything came tumbling out, even though he was the last person she should confide in. “No, nothing is okay. My bathroom ceiling fell in, there’s a leak in my bedroom, and my building is infested with bugs. I have nowhere to live, and I’m running on three hours of sleep because I spent all night with you. So, no, I’m not okay. And I don’t have time for whatever kinky thing you have planned, so just . . . ask someone else.”

And then she hung up on him, something else she had never done before. Before she could call him back to apologize, she slapped the phone down on top of the dryer and kept shoving wet clothing inside. It was better this way. She was trying to keep her distance from him—and doing a terrible job of it, if last night was any indication—so maybe this would push him away and give her some breathing room. Their interactions didn’t extend to hysterical babbling into the phone about real-life things, things that had nothing to do with dancing or fun or sex.

No, their interactions were strictly the carnal sort. Dimitri was a judge on The Dance Off, a TV show that paired celebrities with professional dancers for a ballroom dance competition, and she was one of the pro dancers. They weren’t friends, just coworkers who sometimes banged. It was ridiculous to want to spill to him about the whole situation, and even more ridiculous to worry her snippy words would push him away. This was what she wanted. Distance. Space.

Right. And she was a fucking liar. She wanted him with her every breath, but all he would ever do was break her heart, and that was fragile enough as it was. That was exactly why she needed to stay away from him. Finishing up with the dryer, she headed back to her apartment.

Halfway through vacuuming the living room rug—again—and cursing California’s propensity toward wall-to-wall carpet, the tears burst through the flimsy emotional dam she’d constructed.

Good thing she’d taken out her lenses.

The vacuum filled the room with its obnoxious roar, and all the stress and exhaustion crashed down on her. Tears streamed down her cheeks, and she shoved her fingers under her glasses to swipe at her eyes. This sucked. Everything sucked. And she had no idea what to do.

The no-strings on-and-off shit she had going with Dimitri put her through the wringer. No sleep plus a day of teaching had left her physically drained. And now, faced with the prospect of being broke and homeless, she was done. So done. She’d been in tough spots before, had made hard decisions she hoped to never make again. Life had shown her early on that you could only rely on yourself, but the past few years had seemed like smooth sailing. She’d paid down her debts with her last payout from The Dance Off, and when her white Honda had up and died, she’d had the money from her recent acting gig to buy a new one.

And then Gina found true love and moved out.

She was happy for Gina. Truly. Cynical as she was, Natasha still believed in true love, and Gina of all people deserved happiness. Gina Morales and her celebrity partner Stone Nielson had fallen in love while paired together on the previous season of The Dance Off. Their win had opened more doors for them, and they’d left Los Angeles, vowing to navigate the waves of show business together.

Natasha hated herself for feeling jealous, but she and Gina had been friends since they were fourteen. They’d done everything together—high school, starting a dance career, moving to LA—mostly thanks to Gina’s limitless ambition and organizational skills. Now she was gone.

Still, Natasha had handled it. All of it. She had skills and a bit of fame on her side, so she’d secured a slew of side gigs to keep her financial situation steady. Some cameo spots, modeling gigs, and a lot of dance and fitness classes that would get money in her pocket quickly. Once the next season started, she’d be in the clear again.

Except for this. A hole in the damn ceiling. A leak in her closet. And bugs. Bugs! There was only one kind that struck terror into the hearts of building superintendents, and it wasn’t roaches.

A shiver ran down her spine. She had to get the hell out of here. But where could she go? Gina was her ride-or-die, and she’d send money if Natasha asked, but that was exactly why she didn’t want to ask. She could call Lori Kim or Kevin Ray, her friends and coworkers on The Dance Off, but Lori’s roommates were awful, and Kevin was weird about having people in his house.

A heavy knock sounded from the front door, audible over the roar of the vacuum and her sobs.

Sucking in a deep breath, she shut off the vacuum and wiped her eyes. She didn’t care if Manny saw her crying—she had a good reason, and he knew it—so she yelled, “Entra.”

The apartment door opened. It wasn’t Manny.

Natasha stumbled backward over the vacuum cord when Dimitri Kovalenko strode into the room.

Before they’d met, she’d known his face from movies and magazines. In person, he stunned the senses. Dark hair and heavy brows, eyes the color of milk chocolate that focused on her with laser intensity, and always at least a few days of stubble darkening his cheeks and upping his masculinity even more. As if his commanding posture and broad shoulders weren’t already intimidating in a way that made her want to rub her body against his like a cat.

And she . . . god, she probably looked a mess. Sweaty, frizzy hair, glasses. No. No, he couldn’t see her like this. What the hell was he even doing here?

Dimitri froze, his gaze tracking over her tear-streaked cheeks, and his usually stern expression tipped toward concern. “Tasha? What’s going on?”

His voice, normally loud and forceful, was softer than she’d ever heard it. He advanced on her, and she trembled, both wanting his touch and fearing it. Don’t be nice to me, she wanted to beg. I’m too raw already. I can’t take it.

His hands clasped her shoulders, warm and solid, and the comforting green scent of his cologne surrounded her. She swallowed hard, wishing she could lean on him, just for a moment, just to know what it felt like to have someone there to catch her if she fell.

But that someone wasn’t Dimitri, would never be Dimitri. He wasn’t the type to stick around. Hell, he’d never done it before. Why would he start now? He was an occasional hookup. Nothing more.

Dimitri leaned in, and Natasha found the strength to press her hand to his chest to hold him back. Something flashed across his features—hurt? Probably annoyance. But she steeled her resolve. If he kissed her now, it would break her, and she had to stay strong if she was going to figure out the mess she was in.

Natasha lifted her chin, trying to appear in control. “What do you want, Dimitri? I told you, I don’t have time for you right now.” She’d meant to make the words harsh, but they came out weary.

He stepped back, his dark, intense gaze moving around the room, taking in the garbage bags stuffed with clothing, and the smaller pieces of bedroom furniture crowded in the kitchen. “You said you weren’t okay.”

She gestured toward the door to her room, which she had shut to limit the amount of dust in the rest of the apartment. “I’m not. Go look in my bedroom.”

He wiggled his eyebrows at her. “My favorite place.”

She let out an exasperated sigh. “Just go look.” She kept her gaze averted as he opened her bedroom door and went in. The man had a fantastic ass, but now was not the time to admire it. Flustered by his sudden appearance and uncharacteristic concern, she turned the vacuum back on and ran it over the carpet again, just to have something to do.

A few moments later, he walked back into the living room. At his pointed look, she shut the vacuum off so she could hear him.

“Your bathroom ceiling is gone.”

“Yes, thank you. I noticed.”

He didn’t comment on the heavy sarcasm in her tone. “What about Gina’s room? Can’t you stay in there while it’s being fixed?”

Natasha exhaled slowly through her nose and prayed for patience. “Like I said on the phone, there’s some kind of infestation in the building. I have to leave.”

He glanced around, like the chaos in the apartment suddenly made more sense. “That’s not good.”

No shit, Sherlock. She shoved the vacuum into the corner with more force than necessary. “What are you even doing here, Dimitri? I have a lot to do, and I’m exhausted.”

He quit his perusal of the room and gave her a wide grin. “I came to help.”

She stared at him. “Help with what?”

He propped his hands on his lean hips. “Whatever you need. Packing stuff, moving stuff. Just tell me where to bring it.”

Her chest tightened at the direct question, the one that had been on her mind since Manny delivered the news. “I . . . I don’t know.”

His brows creased. “What do you mean? Where are you going to go?”

“I don’t know!” She gestured wildly at the mess around her as the words came tumbling out, powered by stress and anxiety. “I’m screwed. I can’t live here, but I don’t have the time or money to stay in a hotel or search for another apartment. And if I can’t figure it out, I’ll have to quit The Dance Off and go back home to the Bronx to live with my mother. So, while I appreciate the offer, unless you can snap your fingers and conjure up a place for me to live in the next few hours, there’s nothing you can do to help.”

He laughed. The motherfucker actually had the nerve to laugh. She rolled her eyes and wound the vacuum cord in its holder.

“Tasha.”

She suppressed her annoyance. “What?”

“Is that all you need? A place to stay?”

Is that all? What an ass. “Yeah, that’s what I need.”

“You can stay with me.”

Natasha went still, her hand still on the cord. “What did you say?”

“I said, you can stay with me, at my place.”

He couldn’t be serious. Stay with Dimitri? It was a recipe for disaster. But where else could she go? She swallowed hard and shut her eyes. “Do you mean that?”

“Would I offer if I didn’t?”

He wouldn’t. He was an asshole most of the time, but he meant what he said. She straightened, biting her lip, and thought it over. On the one hand, it was an easy solution. If she let the building keep her deposit, she wouldn’t have to pay for storage for her furniture. Staying with Dimitri would be a hell of a lot cheaper than a hotel or moving into the first open apartment she could find. She could save money, and take her time finding a new place.

Not too much time, though. Dimitri was bad for her. He tempted her like no other man ever had, and her inability to say no to him sabotaged her best efforts at being a responsible adult. Just last night, she’d settled into bed early to make sure she was on time for her new job leading an early morning spin class. She was reading a book when Dimitri texted. A booty call. She knew it for what it was. And still, she got out of bed, put her contacts back in, slipped into something sexy, and drove to his apartment. The sex was great—it always was—but she’d fallen asleep in his bed and woken up too late that morning to run home to change. She’d had to teach a spin class in lace panties, which she would not recommend anyone do, ever.

And he would never give her more than that. He was up front about his womanizing and douchebaggery. He’d once told her to call first before coming over, to make sure he was alone. So, while she didn’t expect more from him, damn it, sometimes she wanted more. She didn’t know what that might be, exactly, but something that hinted at a greater depth of feeling, something she could hold close when she was alone at night, to remind herself that she mattered to someone.

Too bad she was an idiot who had the bad habit of wanting more from the people least likely to give it.

She couldn’t tell him any of that. Every time she’d tried to wiggle out of his propositions, he turned on the charm, wooing her with that deep, deliciously accented voice, that hot, lush mouth, and those hands that knew her body inside and out.

She licked her lips and voiced the one concern that might make him reconsider. “It’s a conflict of interest. You’re one of The Dance Off judges. I’m one of the dancers.”

He waved away her objection. “No one cares about that. Besides, we’re not even filming right now. Who’s going to know?”

Natasha didn’t have his confidence. Being on a reality TV show was a lot like high school. No secrets, and everyone was messing around with each other. Dimitri wasn’t the only person on the cast she’d slept with, and he wouldn’t be the last, but there was a difference between hooking up and living together.

She tossed out another question, mostly to see what he’d say. “What about all the other women you bring home?”

He snorted out a laugh. “I’m sure they won’t mind sharing my bed with you.”

“I didn’t say I would be sharing your bed, either.” God, that would be too much like moving in with him, as opposed to using his house as a temporary living space while she got her shit sorted out.

“Why not?” At her withering glare, he held up his hands. “All right, all right. You can take the guest room.”

Not the answer she was looking for. He hadn’t said, Of course I won’t bring any other women home while you’re staying there. Still, she wasn’t likely to receive any other offers tonight, and desperate times called for desperate measures. Besides, it was only temporary.

“Okay.” She ignored his beaming smile and held up a finger. “On one condition.”

He shrugged, his arrogant confidence both infuriating and sexy. “Whatever you want.”

Her pulse beat faster in her throat. She couldn’t believe she was going to say this to him, but it was necessary, both for her career and her emotional well-being. If she were going to live with him, she needed boundaries.

“No sex.”

His expressive brows shot up. “What?”

“No sex. Not while I’m living with you. I mean, staying with you. Temporarily.”

His jaw worked as he considered her words, then he shrugged. “Sure.”

His agreement came too quickly, and it wasn’t like him not to argue, but she had no other options.

True to his word, he helped her finish packing up the apartment. Even though he made a show of digging through her lingerie drawer and waving her lacy underthings in the air, the task was faster and less stressful with him around. Dimitri ran to the hardware store for supplies, they sealed the furniture in plastic, and finally, there was nothing left to do but drive to his place in Beverly Hills.

This was a setback, but she would get through it. All she had to do was make it to the end of the summer, save money, and then find a new apartment before the next season of The Dance Off started filming.

She’d prove she could do this on her own. And try her damnedest to protect her heart in the process.





3


Dimitri had driven over to Natasha’s with the intention of calming her down and trying to be of help. And yeah, also because he wanted to see her. He’d never heard her sound as out of sorts as she’d been on the phone, and it worried him. Tasha was always cool as a cucumber, and even harder to read. Seeing her with red-rimmed eyes, and her tawny brown cheeks pale with fatigue, had him on the verge of panic. When she’d gone down worst-case-scenario-road to moving back to New York, he’d blurted out his offer. It had surprised him—and her, too, if her wide eyes were any indication—but now that it was out, it seemed like a good idea. A great idea. The best idea, even.

Anyway, it made sense. Nikolai had moved out a few months ago, his room sitting vacant, yet still fully furnished. The house echoed with the quiet left by his younger brother’s absence. After growing up surrounded by relatives, living alone bugged the hell out of him.

More, he liked having Natasha in his space. She never stayed long—even when she spent the night, as she had last night—and she never left a trace, but each time, she left him wanting more.

Sometimes the depth of his want for her scared him, and he ran in the other direction. Weeks or months would pass before he called her again.

And he always called her. She never reached out to him.

Other times, that desire for her made him want to chase her down. He’d invite her over for a weekend, or claim to be in her neighborhood, or go to a club where he knew she’d be.

When he asked, she always said yes. But he always had to do the asking. She never sought him out, never pursued him. Yet she was always there when he wanted her.

They both slept with other people, too. It was part of this casual, no-commitment thing they had going on. It sucked, but it was the cycle they were locked in, and he hadn’t been able to see a way out.

And he didn’t like to be alone.

Now, he solved two problems. The chance to develop a new dynamic with Natasha, and someone to fill the empty space in his home.

The perfect solution.

Except . . .

She’d said no sex.

If he put himself in her shoes, he understood where the stipulation came from. He was a judge. It might not look good if the showrunners knew they were living together. But it was the off-season. No big deal. No one would know.

Despite his easy agreement, they were kidding themselves. They couldn’t stay away from each other. It was only a matter of time.

He turned the Porsche down his street, quiet and lined with tall palm trees, then pulled into the curving driveway. Damn, he still had to fix the gate. It was something he could have had his assistant do, if he hadn’t fired the guy.

At the end of the drive, Dimitri clicked the remote for the garage, pausing while the door raised. The exterior of the sprawling one-story was more Spanish style than he preferred, having grown up in Brooklyn, but the red clay roof tiles and white stucco were growing on him. Behind him, Natasha parked in the driveway, like she usually did. But when he got out, he grabbed one of the other remotes and opened the middle spot, which had been Nik’s, indicating she should park there. His BMW X3 SUV occupied the third spot.

He opened her door when she shut the car off, and offered her a hand to step out. She took the assistance, but behind her glasses, her dark, heavy-lidded eyes held wariness, like she didn’t trust his help. He’d be lying if he said it didn’t hurt, but he didn’t comment on it. It was time he came to terms with the fact that he hadn’t done enough to earn her trust. Moving her into his home afforded him the perfect opportunity to gauge her feelings, to test if she wanted more.

“New car?” he asked, eying the Prius.

She sighed, giving the vehicle a sideways glance. “Yeah. New car.”

“That’s exciting.”

“More like unexpected and expensive.”

She opened the trunk and together they collected her meager belongings to carry into the house. She’d had to leave a lot behind, sealed airtight, and some of it had been dropped off at the dry cleaners on the way to his house.

At the threshold between the garage and the house, she paused and cleared her throat. “You said you had a spare bedroom?”

He wanted her in his bed, like always, but he was willing to play this out. “Yeah, this way.”

At Nik’s door, she pulled back, brow creased. “Isn’t this your brother’s room?”

“It was.” He pushed the door open and carried her bags inside, where he set them in a line under the window. “He got a spot on the national tour of that Seize the Night musical and moved out a few months ago. Says he’ll get his own place when it’s over.” It made sense, but Dimitri couldn’t help but feel like Nikolai was leaving him behind, a betrayal of sorts. He gestured around the room. “Some of Nik’s stuff is still in the closet, but there should be space for you to hang things up, and I think the drawers are empty.”

“Thanks.” She lingered in the doorway.

“What’s wrong?” Her hesitation jabbed at his nerves, made his voice sharp. “Are you a vampire? Waiting for an invitation? Come in.”

Her lips flattened into a line and she rolled her eyes toward the ceiling. With a deliberate step, she entered the room and dumped her belongings on top of the now-bare dresser. “Better?” she snapped.

It wasn’t, but he liked the bite in her voice. It was better than the cool, reserved demeanor she usually showed him, or the frantic worry when he’d called her earlier. And while he didn’t like settling her in here, it didn’t matter where her stuff was. Sooner or later, she’d be back in his bed. And maybe this time, she’d stay.

“Come on, I’ll give you the tour.”

“A tour?” She turned away from where she had started to line up a series of bottles on the dresser, eyes wide and tone incredulous.

“Yeah. I’ll show you the rest of the house.” He took her hand and pulled her from the room. She didn’t resist, but the stunned look didn’t leave her face.

“Macho.”

He stopped at the sound of his nickname on her lips. He loved that she had one for him, something she didn’t call anyone else.

She stared at him like he was crazy. “I’ve been here before. I was here yesterday, in fact. I don’t need a tour.”

“That was different,” he said. “That’s when you were just—”

Her eyebrows shot up and she crossed her arms. “When I was just what?”

He was digging a hole for himself, but he couldn’t stop his mouth. “You were just going to my bedroom.” And the sofa. And the dining table. And the pool—“There are some rooms you haven’t seen. I want you to feel at home here.”

Her eyes narrowed, but she went with him.

He pointed out the hall bathroom, which would be hers to use. Then the kitchen, gym, TV lounge, and his office, which also held a small pullout sofa.

When he opened the office door, he spotted a short stack of papers on his desk and paused.

Shit. His contract for The Dance Off. He hadn’t signed it yet, hadn’t decided if he was going to or not. Now that he’d seen it, the pressure to sign weighed on him, like the contract was staring at him. Sign me, it said. Give up on your dreams. You know they aren’t going anywhere. Might as well sign me.

He couldn’t take it another second. Before ducking back out of the office, he said, “Gimme a sec,” and stalked into the room to flip the papers over. When he came back and shut the door behind him, Natasha gave him a quizzical look that bordered on hurt.

“Don’t worry, I’m not going to go into your office,” she said in a quiet voice.

“That’s not—” Crap, he’d made her think he had something he didn’t want her to see. “I know. But you can. It’s okay.” He was making a mess of this. He had to get her to the next room before he made it worse. “Anyway, there’s something else I want you to see. You’re going to like this.”

“You better not turn around with your dick hanging out,” she muttered as she followed him down the hall.

He barked out a surprised laugh, and leered at her over his shoulder. “Don’t give me any ideas.”

Her snicker eased the tightness in his shoulders.

“Here we are.” He opened the door with a flourish, stepping back so she could get a good look inside.

The expression on her face made up for all the awkwardness of their tour. Dark eyes rounded, those pretty lips parted in awe, she entered the room on her own and turned in a circle to take it all in.

“You have a private dance studio?” The wonder in her voice warmed him, and he followed her in.

“Of course.” He grinned, checking out their reflections in the wall of mirrors. “Doesn’t everybody?”

She shot him a smirk, and he moved closer. “You can use this anytime you want.”

“Thank you.” She ran her hand along the barre on the opposite wall. “I will.”

Without a word, he took her hand from the polished wood and pulled her into a spin. She followed his lead, as she always did. When they danced, nothing stood between them. He led, she followed, and he lost track of everything but the movement of her body and keeping them in flow. He’d danced with countless women over the course of his career, but never anyone like her. She was the best, and she got him like no one else did. Ever since that first time, when she’d walked into his rehearsal room by accident and he’d pulled her in to try out the number he was choreographing, he’d known.

He wanted to dance with her forever.

Before he could approach her about that, he had to get her past this “no sex” rule. It was ridiculous. They’d been together on and off for three years. They needed to move forward, not backward.

When he tugged her back into his arms, she landed against him with her hand on his chest. With one hand on her back and her body pressed to his, he caught the undulation of her spine as she finished the move. It was part of the dance, sure, but he knew her movements and her body well enough to catch the telltale extras. The slight arch of her back, the short thrust of her hips, the sharp intake of breath bordering on a moan.

She was turned on.

His body pulsed and hardened. He slid his hand up between her shoulder blades and tilted his head down.

With a gasp, Natasha shoved against his chest. When he released her, she backed away from him, toward the door.

“Let’s get something straight,” she said in a low voice, at odds with the heat in her gaze and the slow way she licked her lips. “We’re not roommates with benefits, okay? I thought I made that clear.”

“Yeah, sure.” For now. “You’re my guest. I want you to feel comfortable here.”

She narrowed her eyes like she didn’t believe him. “Thanks for the tour. I’m going to go unpack.” She hurried from the room, leaving him standing on the dance floor with his reflection.

Dimitri scrubbed a hand over his face and trudged back to his office. Well, that had been a fucking disaster. He wanted Natasha more than he’d ever wanted anybody or anything, and he’d managed to insult her and put her on guard. Not just today, with his careless words, but by neglecting to give her a tour in the past. How had he never noticed that she’d only seen the spaces where they’d fucked? Why hadn’t he shown her the rest of his home?

He sat in his desk chair and leaned back as far as it would allow, staring at the ceiling like it would give him some answers.

In the back of his mind lived a tiny, flickering hope that someday they’d figure out how to talk to each other, be open with each other, and test how deep their connection ran.

But what if sex was all they had? Or great dance chemistry? He didn’t have anything else to base his hunch on, that she was the woman for him.

The contract on his desk caught his eye, mocking him. Those papers, stamped with The Dance Off’s logo, represented his failure to take risks and produce his own projects, and his reliance on the industry machine to keep him in the spotlight.

Hell, maybe his focus on Natasha was further indication that he was just lonely and looking for a distraction. Someone to fill the space, consume his attention.

No. Deep down, he carried an undeniable certainty that they were right for each other. Yet in the three years they’d been . . . whatever they were doing, she’d never shown any sign that she wanted more from him than what their arrangement allowed.

He wanted more, and had since the beginning. But he wouldn’t ask, not until he was sure she wanted more, too.

She was in his house now. He’d get to the bottom of it, find out what she wanted. They were good together in bed. She didn’t hide anything there, didn’t hold back in her pleasure. They’d start there, and once he was past her guards, he’d find out what else she was hiding.

First, he had to get her to retract her rule.

But for now, he’d give her space. Let her unpack and settle in. Even though he wanted to help, he stayed in his office instead, pushing aside the contract and pulling up a spreadsheet of wine orders on his laptop.

The entertainment industry was an uncertain beast, and dance careers didn’t last forever. Nothing did. He’d learned from experience early on that the best move was to diversify his interests, and he went for low risk with maximum reward.

The restaurant had been a sure bet. Everything had lined up perfectly to make it happen, but he hadn’t gone public as the owner until Krasavitsa was a clear success. It turned out he was good at running a restaurant, and of all his side ventures, it was the one he was most involved in, and left him most fulfilled.

But it wasn’t dancing.

His eyes wandered over to the bookcase in the corner, and the massive three-ring binder settled into one of the shelves, surrounded by classic Russian literature and gathering metaphorical dust.

Not real dust. Trina, his housekeeper, would never allow it.

An email popped up from one of the vineyards he did business with. Putting the binder, the contract, and Natasha out of his head, he got back to work.

Half an hour later, his phone buzzed, and the Yeti King’s epic theme song from the Elf Chronicles movies rang out from his pants pocket.

He pulled the phone out and swiped it on. “You’re up late,” he said by way of greeting. “It’s almost midnight over there.”

“Yeah, but I knew you’d be up.” His cousin Alex sounded tired. “What are you doing?”

Dimitri closed his laptop and played with a pile of paperclips on the desk, pushing them into ever-changing designs and patterns. “Going over wine lists.”

“Ah, the best part of being a restaurant owner. Aren’t you glad I forced you to take that sommelier class?”

Dimitri grunted. Alex had not only pushed him into taking the wine class, but he’d facilitated the purchase and opening of the restaurant. He put the phone on speaker and leaned back in his chair. “I know you didn’t call from New Jersey in the middle of the night to discuss wine. Spill it.”

Alex was silent for a long beat. Dimitri abandoned the paperclips and sat up straight. Alex always hesitated before telling him something he didn’t want to hear.

Like the time they’d had to close their Broadway show. Alex had hemmed and hawed like an elementary school kid trying to get out of trouble before he broke the news. Despite great reviews, ticket sales weren’t where they’d needed to be. Dimitri had sunk everything he had into it, both financially—borrowing and scraping together every cent from other gigs—and professionally, working on all aspects of the choreography, the story, even the production and the marketing.

It hadn’t been enough. No matter how good you were, no matter how big your name, if the money wasn’t there to back you up, you were a failure.

The line was quiet for so long, Dimitri worried the call had cut out. “Sasha?” he said, using Alex’s family nickname.

“I have news, Mitya,” Alex finally said, using Dimitri’s own nickname.

“Tell me.”

“Marina’s pregnant. We’re having a baby.”

Dimitri blew out a breath. “Don’t scare me like that. I thought you were calling to tell me something bad. That’s great news. Pozdravlyayu.”

“Spasibo.”

Dimitri switched to Russian. “So, why don’t you sound more excited?”

Alex sighed. “I am. I’m thrilled. A little exhausted, because we just found out, and Marina’s been up early with morning sickness. By the way, don’t tell anyone else in the family. I’m only telling you.”

That was suspicious. “Why haven’t you told your parents yet?”

“We will, but we want a little time before they start smothering us.”

“I’m flattered you chose to share the news with me first, but why?”

“Two reasons. One, we want you to be the godfather.”

A warm feeling sparked in Dimitri’s chest. His cousin’s child, still just a little bean, would soon be connected to him, too. He swallowed hard.

“That’s . . . yeah, of course. Of course, I’ll be the godfather.”

“And the second reason . . .”

Shit, he’d forgotten there was a second reason, and he’d fallen victim to Alex’s stalling tactics.

“This puts us on a deadline.”

Dimitri wrinkled his brow and glanced at the contract pushed to the corner of his desk. “A deadline for what?”

“If we’re going to do another stage show, it has to be now. I want to be around more once the baby’s born. I can’t be flying to LA whenever you need me, or spending all my time in Manhattan. I’ve got a wife and a home in New Jersey, and my own business that I run full time. If we’re going to do this, it has to be now.”

It was Dimitri’s turn to fall silent. He sucked in a breath through his nose and leaned his head on his hands. “When is the baby due?”

“Mid-March.”

Shit. That was hardly any time at all.

“Look, I know you’re sitting on a ton of ideas. If we go all-in for the next seven months or so—”

“It’ll be a risk. Especially to rush it.”

“It will always be a risk, but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t do it. Think about it and get back to me, okay? I’m going to bed. I just wanted to let you know.”

“Thanks. And again, congratulations. I’m honored you asked me to be the godfather.”

“Who else would I ask? Ivan?”

They both laughed. Their youngest cousin was trying to become famous for filming himself playing video games on the internet. Dimitri had supplied him with camera equipment, but didn’t ask how it was going.

“You sure you didn’t just throw the godfather thing in to keep me from getting upset about this deadline?”

“You’ll never know.”

The call ended, and Dimitri stared at the phone for a minute. Then he picked it up and dashed off a text to his agent.

When is the contract due?

The reply was almost immediate. The man lived with his phone in his hand.

In a few weeks. Why? You got the copy I sent you, right?

Yeah, just checking.

After placing the phone carefully on the desk, Dimitri slid the contract over. Grabbing a pen, he scrawled his obnoxiously bold signature across the line, but hesitated before dating it. Instead, he shoved the whole thing into the bottom drawer. When he slammed it shut, his phone rang, and he jumped. It was a regular ringtone, one that mimicked an old telephone.

The restaurant. He picked up immediately. “Dimitri.”

He listened while Carlito, the manager, rattled off the latest emergency. With a sigh, Dimitri pushed to his feet.

“Calm down. I’ll be right there.”

He spared the desk drawer a glance before leaving the office, and headed to Natasha’s room.

He stopped short in the middle of the hallway. Natasha’s room. Not Nik’s room, which it had been for years, and which he had still thought of it as until . . .

An hour ago.

Already, his mind was settling her in, making her a permanent fixture in his home, in his life. She didn’t view it that way. “Temporary,” she’d called it.

They’d see about that. He had no intention of letting her move back into that tiny box of an apartment. Not when he had all this space here, just waiting for her to fill it.





4


This wouldn’t be a long stay. Maybe a week, max, until she got paid for all the gigs she was working. In fact, tonight, she’d start a search for available apartments. If she were lucky, she’d find a place that didn’t require a security deposit.

Yeah, right. And maybe her nonexistent fairy godmother would swoop in to save her.

Still, there was no point living out of suitcases. Tired as she was, Natasha unpacked her clothing into the empty drawers—or at least, the clothing she’d managed to salvage.

Over her years in LA, working in television, she’d amassed a considerable wardrobe of beautiful outfits. They were her pride and joy. Some people had kids or pets. Natasha had style. When she went out, she dressed to the nines, looking like a fucking supermodel. Now, some of it was flat out ruined by the bathroom ceiling cave-in. Some was at the dry cleaners. The stuff she’d been able to salvage was mostly gym wear and casual attire that could survive being put through a hot dryer.

And her shoes . . . she couldn’t even think about them. If she did, she’d cry. Again.

Ignoring her reflection in the large oval mirror above the dresser, she tucked away the last of her garments. She didn’t need to see the dark circles under her eyes to know she was exhausted.

Maybe she’d look up apartments tomorrow. Sleep beckoned, although knowing Dimitri was down the hall would probably keep her up.

He’d acted so strangely during their “tour.” Although perhaps that wasn’t an accurate assessment. He always acted a little strange, except when they were dancing or screwing. His behavior alternated between sexual fiend and arrogant playboy, but today, he was more eager puppy.

It threw her off. Dimitri was difficult enough to handle—running cool and hot—when he was trying to get in her pants, but this happy host version of him was even more suspicious.

And still, here she was moving into his house, with no assurances, and no clear sense of where they stood.

A knock sounded on the bedroom door, and her shoulders hunched, fingers stilling on the neatly folded pile of gym clothes. If she went and opened the door, he’d be standing there, too close. If she were going to live here and stick to her rule, they needed to keep her distance. Taking a deep breath, she called out. “Yeah?”

The door muffled his deep voice. “Problem at the restaurant. I have to go out.” A pause. “Will you be okay?”

She nodded, even though he couldn’t see her. “Yes.”

“I’ll see you when I get home.”

Not if she could help it. What the hell was she doing here, playing house with him, acting like they could be roommates? Even the sound of his voice through a door gave her a thrill, his simple farewell affecting her like a promise.

Be strong. She cleared her throat. “See you.”

The house was big, but quiet. She put her ear to the bedroom door until she heard the door into the garage open and close, then she stepped into the hallway and out into the living room. A minute later, the sound of the engine faded as he drove away.

She let out a breath, and her shoulders slumped. Alone at last. In Dimitri’s house.

It was weird being in his house like this. She’d been here plenty of times before, but this time, she wasn’t drunk or horny. She was desperate in a totally different way.

The living room sofa mocked her, reminding her of all the times they’d fucked on it. She wandered past the dining table, noting the chair that had been repaired after they’d broken it. She still wasn’t sure how that had happened, but maybe it was a sign not to bang on top of tables.

She hurried back to the bedroom—Nik’s bedroom? Her bedroom? No, the bedroom. It wasn’t hers. But at least it held no memories. She collected an armful of toiletries and carried them out to the hall bathroom, arranging her bottles in a line on the counter.

The most intriguing room in the house was the dance studio, but even that now held a memory. When he’d pulled her into the dance, she’d gone, like every time before that. Dancing with him was irresistible, something she’d dreamed of long before they’d met, when she was just a teenager watching him on the movie screen. The rush of a rollercoaster, but with the security of knowing he wouldn’t let her fall.

And the damned man had known it. He always knew. Sometimes it seemed like he knew her body better than she did. When he’d pulled her against him, the thrill of the dance, her delight at the room, his warmth, his scent—all combined to set her body pulsing. It had taken all her strength of will to push him away.

No sex, she’d told him. And she was sticking to it. Even if it killed her.

Her phone buzzed with a text. It was a selfie from Gina. She had her arm hooked around Stone’s neck, and a beautiful landscape of water, mountains, and pine trees stretched out in the background. Gina added the caption, Look who’s hiking! #totesoutdoorsy

After winning the previous season, Gina had accepted a gig on Broadway, and Stone had gone with her. They were splitting their time between New York and Los Angeles for work, and spending breaks at their new home in Alaska.

Natasha smiled in spite of herself, but a pang of jealousy shimmered underneath the glee at hearing from her best friend and seeing her so happy. She smothered it, but a tiny voice inside whispered, I want that, too.

Didn’t matter, though. That kind of love wasn’t for her.

Natasha typed back, Don’t fall off a cliff! with a line of heart emojis.

Since Dimitri was out, she took advantage of the empty house. She showered, lotioned up, and climbed into bed, intending to read for a bit. The bed was comfortable, but it was strange being in a bed that wasn’t hers—alone. The sheets and pillows smelled like fabric softener, and she wondered who did Dimitri’s laundry. She couldn’t picture him doing it himself.

Nope, don’t do it. She shook her head to banish the thought. Better not to think about him in domestic terms.

She’d just pulled up a classic British novel on her ereader when her phone rang. Before she touched it, the name flashing on the screen made her snatch her hand back.

Esmeralda.

Her mother. The last person she ever wanted to talk to, but especially not when she was so out of sorts.

With a sigh, Natasha leaned back into the pillows and answered. “Hola, Mami.”

“Mira, nena.”

Natasha rolled her eyes. Her mother still called her “girl,” even though she was now twenty-seven years old. And Esmeralda usually said it like a curse.

She’d never once called her mija—my daughter. But at least Abuelita had.

Her mother continued to rattle on in Spanish, skipping the pleasantries and getting right to the point.

“One of my girlfriends from the salon is a fan and she wants to see the show. We’re flying out for the premiere. Get us tickets.”

Pinching the bridge of her nose, Natasha fought for calm. She’d been offering her mother tickets to her performances since she’d first moved to LA five years ago. Now she was finally coming, but only because her friend wanted to see The Dance Off. It figured. Esmeralda didn’t even watch the show.

“You have enough space in your apartment for us to stay with you?”

She’d know if she’d ever bothered to visit. Before she thought better of it, Natasha said, “Sí, tengo un dormitorio segundo.”

Carajo. Natasha smacked her forehead. Why the hell had she just offered her mother the second bedroom? The one with all her stuff sitting in it, in an apartment with a hole in the ceiling, in a building with a mystery bug infestation. Exhaustion, nerves, tension. She was losing her mind.

“Claro.” Her mother said it like it was all settled. “See you next month. Hasta luego.”

“Bye.” Coño. Natasha dropped the phone on the bed and rubbed her eyes. What the hell had possessed her to agree to letting her mother stay with her in an apartment that was currently off-limits? Temporary insanity? Short-term memory loss? It was like she’d forgotten her home was currently in shambles, her bank account nearly empty, and she was staying with a man whose relationship to her could most accurately be termed a fuck buddy.

Of course, her mother would pick now to finally visit her.

But she couldn’t tell Esmeralda the truth. The woman would go nuts, shouting at her about her life choices, with a strong, underlying current of I told you so. She’d been saying it Natasha’s whole life, ever since she’d shown a natural aptitude for dance and an interest in pursuing it.

You’ll never make it as a dancer.

She had, though. She’d gotten jobs as a working dancer on not one, but two major network TV shows. The Dance Off was always in the ratings top ten, and before that, she’d been on Everybody Dance Now. While The Dance Off paired professional dancers with celebrity partners, Everybody focused on pairing dancers from different backgrounds and styles. After Natasha and Gina moved to LA, Gina had gotten them an audition, and they’d joined Everybody Dance Now together.

Natasha made enough to live in Los Angeles, where she enjoyed more luxury than she ever had while growing up in the Bronx in a two-bedroom apartment occupied by two old people and a teenage mother whose daughter slept in a partitioned-off area of the living room.

She’d come a long way. Being able to afford a good apartment on her own was going to be the final step. Except now it was ruined.

If only she’d saved more . . .

If only she’d put off paying down her credit cards and canceling them . . .

If only the car hadn’t died right when it did, forcing her to buy a new one . . .

If only the ceiling hadn’t fallen in, or the building not been infested with bed bugs . . .

Any one of those things, if removed from the equation, would have left her stable. Secure. Able to cling to the outward signs of success. But all of them combined?

All combined, the events of the last couple months had reduced her to living in the spare bedroom of a man she couldn’t even call a friend, with only a pile of tank tops, yoga pants, and denim shorts. At least Los Angeles weather was predictable enough in summer that she didn’t need much.

Maybe it was better this way. If she didn’t have access to her killer wardrobe, she’d be less tempted to go out partying, which she couldn’t afford to do anyway. And besides, she didn’t have the time. She’d lost track of how many gigs she was working now, teaching classes at various gyms and dance schools, from spin to pole-dance, from elderly aerobics to kiddie ballet. Her schedule was nuts.

One thing was for certain: Esmeralda could not find out she was living with Dimitri.

When her phone buzzed again, Natasha checked it with dread. But it wasn’t her mother calling back to berate her about who knows what. It was a group text from Kevin Ray and Lori Kim, two other pros from The Dance Off.

Lori texted first. Yooooo let’s go to Club Picante, y’all! Followed by the dancing lady emoji.

Kevin’s reply flashed on the screen. I’m down!

A wave of longing threatened to swamp her. Natasha wanted to say yes, to go out drinking and dancing with her friends. Kevin and Lori were a blast, and since Gina moved out, Natasha had been spending way too much time alone. She wasn’t used to it.

But it was time to act like a responsible adult.

Before she could answer, Lori’s next text popped up. Pre-game drinks at Natasha’s?

Oh, hell no. They couldn’t know she was staying here, either. Not only would it be dangerous for her job, but then they would know about her utter failure to take care of herself. No one needed to know she was desperate enough to room with Dimitri.

Besides, Kevin didn’t like Dimitri. His green eyes narrowed whenever they were out partying and Dimitri showed up to sweep her away. It wasn’t jealousy—Kevin had never shown the slightest bit of sexual interest in her—but the times she got drunk and whined about Dimitri’s lack of commitment, Kevin spent the rest of the night scowling.

She quickly typed a reply. Sorry, guys. Not tonight. Got work early tomorrow.

Before she could see their answers, she put her phone on silent and practically threw it onto the bedside table.

The ereader had shut off while she was texting. She set it aside, as well. Reading had lost its appeal.

She settled back into the pillows, staring up at the unfamiliar ceiling in the dark. Temporary. This was only temporary. She’d swear Dimitri to secrecy, and uphold her one condition. Then she’d get back on her feet, back in her own place, back to being a success. No one had to know about this little lapse.

No one would know she was a failure.





5


The next morning, Natasha woke to a text from the owners of the West Hollywood branch of Spin Cycle, where she taught an early morning spin class that paired shouted positive affirmations with rocking club beats. There was a gas leak on the block, and the building was closed.

With her first gig of the day canceled, Natasha closed her eyes and snuggled into the pillow.

And couldn’t go back to sleep. Her body tensed, ears pitched to pick up any sounds of movement from the rest of the house. She rolled over in the bed that didn’t feel or smell like hers, mildly surprised Dimitri hadn’t crept under the covers with her in the middle of the night. She hadn’t heard him come home last night—home, as in his home, not hers—and she knew from nights spent with him that he wasn’t an early riser.

Worse, she had to pee. But what if he was up, and she ran into him in the hallway? She’d done the awkward morning thing with him plenty of times before—so many times, in fact, it was no longer quite so awkward to grab a spare toothbrush from under the sink—but this was different.

The reality of staying in Dimitri’s home as a guest sank in with stunning clarity. There was no way this wasn’t going to be weird. She just had to suck it up before her bladder burst.

She slid out of the bed, feeling for her chanclas before remembering she’d thrown them out. Their rubber soles meant they couldn’t go through the dryer on hot. She needed a new pair of slippers.

Barefoot, then. She tiptoed to the door and eased it open. At the entrance to the hallway bathroom, she paused to eye Dimitri’s bedroom door, which was half-open. She swallowed, debating whether it was better to go about her business quietly, or shut his door so she didn’t wake him. The carpet under her feet was thick and plush, completely unlike the scarred hardwood floors in the old prewar apartment where she’d grown up. By the time she was eighteen, she’d known every creak and crack in her great-grandparents’ home.

This was a fairly new house in Beverly Hills. She could take a chance.

She reached his room without making a sound, but standing in Dimitri’s doorway afforded her a perfect view of the man himself sprawled in the enormous California King-sized bed she knew so well. His wide chest was bared to the edge of his ribcage, where the blankets covered the rest of the goods. Thick arms wrapped around a squishy pillow, his face hidden in its folds. The scent of his cologne, something woodsy undercut with citrus, beckoned her in.

Natasha bit her lip. The sight of him, half-dressed and twisted in the covers, sent a low thrum of pleasure vibrating through her body. The way he held the pillow was how he held her, caged in his arms, his face buried in her hair. He said the smell of her fig shampoo helped him fall asleep.

With great care, she grasped the doorknob and pulled the door shut, blocking him from view before she did something dumb, like climb into bed with him.

Since she had a little extra time, she took a quick shower, then carried her camera and laptop to the dance studio on the other end of the house. Yes, she should use the time to search for apartments, but her multitude of summer jobs didn’t leave her a lot of time or energy to dance for the fun of it. The spin class especially wore her out, and she couldn’t find it in her to be upset it had been canceled, even though it paid well and she needed the money.

The studio had a couple stools in the corner, so she used them as tables to set up her equipment. Both the camera and laptop had been splurges, which she’d just finished paying off a month earlier, but they allowed her to film herself and edit the footage. As much as she enjoyed all the gigs she was able to take on as a dancer—from teaching classes, to ensemble work on TV musicals, to her status as a pro on The Dance Off—she missed choreographing routines for real dancers.

The Dance Off was a crapshoot. You never knew if your celeb that season was going to be up to the challenge or not. Dwayne Alonzo, her partner the previous season, was a football player with a huge fan following. As a dancer, however, he had more energy than skill, and his footwork left much to be desired. She’d choreographed routines that played to his strengths, both literal and figurative. Lots of lifts and hip action, with uncomplicated steps his big, blunt athlete’s feet could handle. They’d made it to the seventh episode before being eliminated.

Turning athletes and actors and anyone else who fell under the umbrella of “celebrity” into dancers was a challenge, for sure, but she’d be lying if she said she wasn’t feeling creatively stifled.

Since she had access to this beautiful, empty, free rehearsal space, it would be a crime not to take advantage of it.

With the studio door shut and Dimitri dead asleep on the other end of the house, she turned on the camera and the music—a slow, haunting melody with soulful lyrics about a woman done wrong—and began to move. The music and motion, as always, swept everything else away.

When she danced, it was the closest she came to knowing peace.





6


The first thing Dimitri did when he woke up was check on Natasha. He knocked softly on the closed door. When he didn’t hear a reply, an intense surge of anticipation pushed him to grasp the knob and ease it open, despite feeling like the worst kind of host.

Anticipation deflated. In the light streaming in through the open curtains, it was clear the room was empty.

The bed was neatly made—something Nik had never done while living here—but empty. He took a deep breath and smiled. It was already starting to smell like her perfume, something sweet with a hint of ginger.

In the kitchen, he breathed in the aroma of freshly ground espresso beans and found a cup in the drying rack. Huh. She hadn’t made him any.

When he checked the garage, her car was still parked inside.

He walked back inside with a scowl on his face and his hands on his hips. Where the hell was she?

From the other side of the house, he caught the strains of music, and grinned. Just as he’d suspected, she hadn’t been able to withstand the lure of the studio. Once a fourth bedroom, it was his favorite room in the house, though he hardly used it these days.

He pushed open the studio door slowly and quietly. He’d have to thank Trina for keeping the hinges oiled. Not that Natasha would have heard over the music. She was fully absorbed, her eyes half-closed as she pirouetted across the floor in a pair of worn pointe shoes. Her long dark curls were tamed in a high bun, accentuating her high cheekbones and the elegant column of her neck.

As the music soared, so did she in a series of grande jetes. Her limbs cut through the air with grace and strength, and her arabesque was a thing of beauty.

It had been a long time, but he remembered the moves, learned at his mother’s knee in her own ballet studio in Brooklyn. He’d learned to walk, then run, then plié. Ballet had been first for him. The other styles had come later.

In between the classical ballet moves, Natasha incorporated some hip hop and steps from Latin dances, like salsa and tango. Their fusion was seamless, and executed with mastery and emotion.

He leaned against the doorjamb, overwhelmed by the sight of her. Natasha was always beautiful. Not just her body or her face, but the way she smiled, flirted, and sassed drove him wild. But when she danced? She awoke something in him he wasn’t ready to name. Something deep and encompassing, making him feel settled and terrified all at the same time. More than anything, though, it made him want to be with her. He couldn’t resist her when she danced.

The song came to an end and started again. Her chest rose as she took a deep breath and launched back into the routine.

When the song began a third time, Dimitri joined her.

He came up behind her on bare feet and took her in his arms. She jolted and her eyes flew open wide, but she didn’t say anything. It was just like the first time they’d danced, and every other time since. He let the music flow through him, communicating to him in a way he couldn’t explain and didn’t question. And he led her in a dance.

It wasn’t perfect. He hadn’t watched her long enough to learn the full choreography. But he followed her example, blending ballet with moves from other dance styles. Like always, it was magic.

The brush of their bodies, his hands on her skin, her weight in his arms. His body, still tired from a late night and waking earlier than he was used to, thrummed with the restless energy she brought out in him. Passion—for her, for the dance—lit in his veins.

Dancing with her made him long for something more. He wanted this woman, this way and in all ways. Cool and aloof as she was off the dance floor, when they came together like this, she couldn’t hide herself. The glimpses were enough to make him crave more—more of her body, sure, but also a peek behind her sexy smirk and bedroom eyes. He wanted to know her, the secret Natasha she hid from the world, the Natasha who came out when she danced.

That Natasha touched his heart, bringing him to his knees in a way no one ever had, or, he feared, ever would again. If he had to use their incredible sexual chemistry to get past her walls, he would. And if he had to use dance to ignite the fire between them, he’d do that, too. Even as it threatened to consume him.

When the song ended and started over, they didn’t stop moving. This time, though, they danced closer. Touches lingered. His hands gripped tighter, and her body arched more sinuously. They abandoned the choreography in favor of twining around each other’s bodies to the beat of the music. The singer’s rich, smoky voice wrapped them in a spell of harmony and desire.

Dimitri brought Natasha in from a spin, holding her back against his chest. Her throat was right there, left exposed by the teeny tank top and her high-bun hairstyle. Not so far, really. She was en pointe, and he was barefoot.

Heart pounding, he pressed his mouth to her skin and dragged kisses up her neck, savoring her open-mouthed gasp as he tasted and teased the sensitive spot below her ear.

Drunk on the biting ginger scent of her, he spun her in his arms until she was facing him. Her eyes flew to his, heavy-lidded and filled with hunger. His gaze latched on to her lips, parted and wet from where her tongue had run across them. As he lowered his head to hers, the awareness in her expression turned to anticipation. Triumph sang through him as her mouth trembled and pursed to meet his. With his body heavy and throbbing, urging him to go fast, he took it slow and touched the tip of his tongue to her lower lip.

“Privet!”

Dimitri jerked at the sound of his brother’s voice, the surprise and shock yanking his attention toward the door. In the confusion, he loosened his grip on Natasha, who wasn’t holding on to him. But when he shot out a hand to grab her, he hadn’t counted on her own balance kicking in, and his attempt to catch her turned into a shove. She stumbled backward, eyes wide in shock.

Oh shit. She thought he’d pushed her. “Natasha, I’m—”

“Mitya, you home?” Nik’s shout interrupted his apology, and Natasha nearly tripped over her pointe shoes as she scrambled to gather her computer equipment.

Dimitri ground his teeth and ran his hands through his hair. His brother had the worst fucking timing. “It’s just Nikolai,” he said, following her out. “I didn’t mean—”

“Yeah. Okay.” Natasha’s voice was breathy as she darted through the center of the house that held the main living space, running away from him before he could explain.

From the front door, Nikolai gave them a puzzled look, and Dimitri could guess how it seemed. Him in nothing but sweatpants, Natasha in shorts and a leotard, arms full of tech, her point shoes slapping the floor as she hurried back to her room—fuck, to Nik’s room. Where he probably expected to stay.

A grin split Nik’s face. “Oh, hey, Natasha. Nice to see you.”

“Hey, Nik.” She ducked her head and sent him a wave.

Dimitri stuck his hands on his hips to keep from throwing something. Nik and Natasha knew each other from the times Nik had filled in as an extra on The Dance Off—and from a few mornings where they’d crossed paths in this very house. While it was nice not to have to make awkward introductions, something about their easy greeting set him on edge. “We were dancing.”

Nik raised his eyebrows and pressed his lips together to hide a grin. “Oh yeah?”

“Gotta get ready for work.” With a polite nod, Natasha locked herself in the bedroom.

Nik shouldered his duffel bag. “I’m going to resist making a Goldilocks joke,” he said in a stage whisper. “But just barely.”

“Zatknis.” Scowling, Dimitri padded barefoot into the kitchen. He needed coffee if he was going to get himself under control and deal with his baby brother. He switched to Russian for the conversation, in case Natasha could hear them. “What are you doing here?”

“Unexpected break in the schedule. Figured I’d come back for a few days rather than stick around in Kansas. Didn’t realize you’d given away my room.” Nik dumped his bags next to the bar stools at the kitchen counter, then hopped onto one of them. “You know what? I can’t resist.” In a high, singsong voice, he said in English, “Someone’s been sleeping in my bed!”

Dimitri threw a dishtowel at his face. “Durak.”

Nik caught it and switched back to Russian and his real voice. “The real question is, why isn’t she in your bed? Hey, make me some, too.”

Dimitri grumbled, but got down the cups and ground the beans.

Silence stretched between them, making Dimitri’s shoulder blades itch. He could feel his brother watching, judging, just waiting for the moment to make another joke.

He wasn’t in the mood for Nik’s teasing. He was tired, horny, and—thanks to Nik’s timing—no closer to deciphering Natasha’s mysteries or convincing her to abandon her “no sex” rule.

In the quiet, the sound of the bedroom door opening was loud, and they both looked up. A second later, Natasha paused in the arched kitchen doorway. She had changed into yoga pants, sneakers, and a loose off-the-shoulder top in bright green. Her face was bare of makeup, but her cheeks were flushed. She looked amazing.

“You’re making espresso?” she asked, sniffing the air.

“Yeah, I was making you some.” Dimitri ignored his brother’s dirty look. It was worth it to see the small smile curving Natasha’s lips.

“Actually, I was hoping to make café con leche,” she said. “Gina doesn’t like it, so I got out of the habit of drinking it, but you have such a great espresso machine . . .”

“Make me some?” Nik pleaded.

She winked at him. “I got you.”

Dimitri moved out of the way, watching her work at the counter. Her movements were precise and economical, yet everything was done with grace. She made the espresso shots and poured them into tiny cups, then steamed the milk with the wand he never used, adding sugar as it heated. The whirring sound of the wand filled the room.

Nik pitched his voice over it. “Where are you off to, Tash?”

She kept her eyes on the task at hand as she answered. “I have a few Pilates classes to teach, and two auditions.”

Nik’s eyebrows popped up, and Dimitri realized his had done the same. “Auditions for what?” Nik asked.

“A couple TV spots,” she said, shrugging. “Nothing big. Just trying to fill up my summer with work, you know?”

“Have you ever done a national tour? I’m touring with Seize the Night right now.”

She shook her head and shut off the wand, wiping it down before she poured the milk. “I don’t think I’d want to move around that much. I like having a home base.” Her gaze flicked to Dimitri and away.

He could understand that. He liked having a home base, too. It was hard enough being in Los Angeles, away from his parents. Nik had made it easier, but now he was gone, too.

Well, except for right this moment, when he was sitting in the kitchen.

Maybe it had been hard for Natasha, too, being away from New York, Gina leaving, and now, losing access to her apartment.

The way she poured the milk distracted him. “Hey, are you—” He stopped and laughed. “Where’d you learn to do that?”

Natasha pulled back the pitcher and admired the little white heart formed in the foam on top of the espresso. A pleased smile played on her lips. “It never gets old,” she said. “I used to work at a restaurant with an espresso machine at the bar. We practiced latte art when business was slow.”

He pointed to the heart. “Is that for—”

She snatched the cup away and carried it over to Nik.

“Aww, look, I got a heart!” Nik’s phone was already in his hand, so he snapped a picture. “Tash, you’re a woman of many talents.”

When she came back to the counter, Dimitri crossed his arms over his chest. “What, I can’t have a heart?”

She stared at him from the corner of her eye. “So, you’re admitting you don’t already have one?”

“Very funny.”

Across the kitchen, Nik moaned as he sipped, then gave Natasha a thumbs-up. “Excellent brew, sestra.”

When Natasha picked up an espresso cup in one hand and the milk pitcher in the other, Dimitri shot his brother a glare. What the hell was he doing, calling Natasha sister?

Her moves with the milk caught his attention. She tilted the cup as she poured, carefully turning it as she shook the pitcher lightly, pouring from farther away, then closer as the image began to appear. Even lines formed on top of the coffee, curving and becoming a beautifully detailed leaf, or feather.

“There,” she said, setting it on a saucer and nudging it toward him. “That’s for you.”

It was so pretty, so perfect. “I don’t want to drink it,” he said.

At her soft gasp, he hurried to finish his thought. “It’s too nice looking, I mean. I don’t want to ruin it.” Damn, he was always saying the wrong thing around her.

Nik came around and took a picture of Dimitri’s cup, then filmed a video while Natasha poured her own. She made a design that looked like a heart coming out of a flower, as if it were the easiest thing in the world.

“Cheers,” she said, smiling into the camera as she raised the cup to her lips.

Dimitri sipped his own as he watched. If he kissed her now, she’d taste darkly sweet, like espresso and sugar.

“I didn’t know you could do that,” he said as she drained her cup.

She raised an eyebrow at him. “You never asked.” She set her empty cup in the sink. “You’ll clean up? I don’t want to be late for work.”

Nik answered for him. “Of course he will. Don’t be late because of us.”

“Thanks, Nik.” She tilted her head, and accepted his kiss on the cheek. Then her gaze shot to Dimitri’s, and her dark eyes turned wary.

She wasn’t going to kiss him goodbye. It shouldn’t piss him off, but it did. She’d kissed his brother like it was nothing, but after all they’d done together, last night and for the past three years, a simple goodbye kiss was too awkward.

What . . . the fuck . . . was wrong with them.

“Um, I have to get going,” she said, not really looking at either of them. “See you later, D. Bye, Nik.” And then she was gone.

Dimitri sipped his café con leche and waited. It wasn’t long before Nik leaped to fill the silence, slipping back into English now that they were alone.

“Dude.” Nik gestured toward the doorway, as if Natasha were still there. “What are you doing?”

Tamping down on the urge to yell, Dimitri kept his gaze on his cup and his voice level. “She had a housing emergency and needed a place to stay. I offered.”

Nik blinked. “You offered?” Then he burst into laughter and nearly fell out of his chair. “Wait a second. You offered to let a woman you’re—”

“Watch it.” Dimitri growled.

“Listen, this isn’t the first time you’ve kicked me out of here so Natasha could come over. It’s just the first time she’s staying in my bedroom. What’s the deal? Are you guys roommates now instead of . . . whatever you were?”

Dimitri drained the rest of his cup and stuck it in the sink. “No.”

“So, you guys are still . . .”

“Chert.” Dimitri threw up his hands. “No, we’re not that either.”

Nik leaned his elbows back on the counter, making himself comfortable. “Is she living here?”

“For a few weeks.” Maybe more, if he had any say in the matter. “Until her apartment ceiling is fixed.”

“And she’s sleeping in my room?”

Dimitri glowered at him. “It’s the spare bedroom. You moved out.”

Nik waved that away. “And you’re not . . . you know.”

Rolling his eyes, Dimitri stomped over to the fridge and started pulling out stuff to make a protein shake. He didn’t particularly want one, but he needed to move, to burn off the excess energy incited by his dance with Natasha and his brother’s penetrating line of questioning. He slammed the carton of almond milk on the counter and muttered, “No, damn it, we’re not.”

For now.

The asshole had the nerve to snicker behind his back. “You’re basically roommates then.”

“We are not—” He cut himself off and shot Nikolai a glare.

His brother held his hands up in mock surrender. “Calm down. I’m just trying to get a handle on the situation. I’ve never known you to hang around with a woman you weren’t . . . you know.”

That was because he didn’t. Still, it rankled to have it pointed out so matter-of-factly. “I don’t need to explain myself to you. She’s a guest, and you’ll be nice to her.”

Nik squinted at him. “I’m always nice to her. You, on the other hand . . . you’re kind of a dick.”

Dimitri didn’t answer. Yeah, he’d said some shitty things to her. Usually because he didn’t think about how they’d sound until they were already out of his mouth, and being around her twisted him up, made him impulsive and foolish.

But he’d never claimed to be nice. As a choreographer, he was demanding and expected perfection, with a reputation for having a short temper. That didn’t mean he didn’t feel . . . No, he wouldn’t go there, not now. Nik was too perceptive. Maybe if he pretended to hear his phone ringing in the other room, he could run away.

Instead, Dimitri grabbed a bag of mixed berries from the freezer and dumped them in the blender. The loud whirr of the motor filled the kitchen, prohibiting conversation. But the second the shake was done, Nik spoke again, his tone thoughtful.

“You once said you wouldn’t live with a woman unless you planned to marry her.”

Shit, he had said that, hadn’t he? After Juliette Jacobs laughed in his face fifteen years ago, he’d vowed never to live with a woman unless he was sure it was the real deal.

Dimitri shrugged, trying to act nonchalant. “What’s your point?”

Nik stared at him, his brown eyes—a shade lighter than Dimitri’s own—wide and filled with disbelief. “You’re planning to marry her?”

“No.” Not that he was averse to the idea, but right now, he wasn’t sure.

“So, you didn’t mean it when you said that?”

“I did.” He intended to use this time alone with Natasha in his house to become sure about her, to see if they had more of a connection beyond sex and dancing. For that, he had to get Nik to leave. “Get a hotel.”

Nik huffed. “Yeah, I already figured that out. I’m just waiting for you to make me breakfast.”

Two hours later, Nik left to check into a hotel, and Dimitri was at his desk. His conversation—if it could be called that—with his brother had shed light on the strangeness of this situation. He and Natasha had been locked in this stagnant dynamic for three years. Enough was enough. He picked up his phone, intending to text her and ask if she’d be home for dinner, when strains of Tchaikovsky rang out. His mother.

He picked up. “Privet, Mama.”

She cut right to the chase, speaking a mile a minute in Russian. “Your brother just called. Mitya, you’re getting married?”

Dimitri shut his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Mama, call the police.”

“What? Why?”

“Because I’m going to murder Nik.”





7


After their impromptu dance in Dimitri’s home studio, Natasha successfully managed to avoid him that night by going to bed early, while he was still at the restaurant. The next day, she hustled out before he woke up, and spent the morning chilling in the juice bar at the gym where she taught Pilates.

She brought her laptop with her, but a quick look at her bank account balance revealed she had no business checking out apartment listings yet. Instead, she pulled up the video file from the day before. She had a little time before her first class, so she could review the choreography. She wanted to experiment with combining music from classical ballets like Coppelia or Swan Lake with hip hop and pop music, and creating a dance that merged all styles, along with some Latin dance moves thrown in. It was the kind of thing she wished had existed when she was a teenager studying ballet. If she could bring it to the stage, or to schools, it could be used to teach kids and teenagers about music and dance history, bridging the gap between classical styles and current popular trends.

But those were bigger ideas. First, she had to nail the content.

As she watched the recording, she paused to make notes, jotting down what worked and what didn’t.

Then Dimitri walked into the video frame, and she jolted in her seat. She’d completely forgotten that the camera had still been rolling when he joined her in the dance.

She dropped her pencil, absorbed in watching them move on screen. He followed the style of her choreography, improvising his own moves as he led her through the dance. He brought something edgier to it, and before she could examine that too much, she made some notes based on his additions.

It was fascinating to watch herself with him. Her shoulders and neck tensed when he surprised her, then eased as they followed the music. Of course, she’d seen film of them dancing together before. On her first season with The Dance Off, he’d chosen her, instead of one of the other more seasoned pros, as his partner for the opening dance of the season premiere. That dance thrust her into the spotlight, although she hadn’t made it very far that season with her aging comedian partner. But that first dance, choreographed by Dimitri, was a thing of beauty. It captured his magnetic presence, her infatuation with him, and the incredible sexual energy that had sparked between them the day they first met. She’d watched the footage countless times, and each time, she swooned, still unable to believe her life had led her to a place where she got to dance with her teenage crush.

But this was different. This time, no one else was there. No one was watching. No camera crew, no producers, no audience. It was just the two of them, alone, sleep-rumpled and unguarded. What she saw on her own face worried her, but what she saw on his . . .

Her finger hovered over the touchpad, ready to close the file, to shy away from the raw vulnerability in his expression. The way his eyes followed her, like he couldn’t get enough . . . it was the dance. It had to be. He was acting.

The vibe changed, then. It became hotter. Sexier. The camera picked up the sound of their breathing, louder and heavier. Even watching on a small screen with headphones on, Natasha’s heart thumped harder as the dance turned more passionate.

Carajo, this was like the start of a sex tape. Her eyes followed his hands, noting the way he touched her. Stronger. Tighter. More possessive. Even she, unable to resist his touch, leaned closer into him, lingered against his body and undulated more than was entirely necessary.

Her face burned, and she darted a glance around to make sure no one else could see her screen. ¡Estupida! She was getting turned on just from watching herself dance with Dimitri! And she had to teach Pilates to a bunch of retired ladies in—she checked the time—twenty minutes.

She sipped her smoothie, but it did nothing to cool her down, especially when she saw the moment Dimitri decided to kiss her.

And the moment she decided to let him.

The camera’s microphone had even picked up Nik’s shouted greeting. The way they froze on screen, eyes wide and horrified, was almost comical. Except she was so aroused right now, nothing was funny. A fantasy flashed through her mind, of jumping in her car, racing back to Dimitri’s, and pouncing on him in his bed.

No, damn it. No sex. And she had work. So she could make money and get the hell out of his house.

Watching him shove her on screen, and his stricken expression when he’d realized what he’d done, she could see it was an accident. But she was grateful, both for Nik’s interruption and the accidental push. They broke the spell cast by the power of dance, and Nik’s presence made it easier to hang out in the kitchen afterward making café con leche.

No more thinking about Dimitri, or how pleased he’d been by her latte art. She shut the laptop, packed up her stuff, and headed to the class area early. It was the first of three classes today. She had her work cut out for her.





8


Kevin and Lori were blowing up her phone. Natasha had never realized how often they used her apartment as hangout headquarters until she no longer had it available. They went back and forth all day in their group text, throwing out potential plans. All of them involved meeting at Natasha’s place first.

To get them off her back, she agreed to meet them for coffee in Culver City after her last audition, which she was pretty sure she wouldn’t get. The casting director had stared at her phone the whole time, looking bored, and her “Thanks, we’ll be in touch” had been cold.

Natasha almost texted Dimitri to let him know she’d be out, then stopped herself. Why bother? She wasn’t his girlfriend, or his roommate. She wasn’t even a real houseguest, no matter what he said. She had a set of keys, a remote for the garage, and she knew the security code. There was no need to keep him apprised of her whereabouts. No reason to think he’d care.

On the way out of the parking structure, she received an email from her building’s management company. They’d taken a dog through her apartment, and it was free and clear of bedbugs. They would still spray before she moved back in, but her stuff was okay.

That was a relief, but she’d already taken a ton of shit to the dry cleaners, not just items that had been damaged in the leak, but stuff that couldn’t be washed normally. She was going to have to pay some hefty dry-cleaning bills for nothing.

Kevin and Lori were already in front of the cafe when she strolled up to them. With his signature light brown waves covered by a dark blue baseball cap, Kevin bounded up to her and caught her in an exuberant hug. “Long time no see!” He gave her a smacking kiss on her temple.

Lori’s straight black hair was also covered by a hat, but hers had pointed silver studs covering the bill, and it was turned backward. She caught Natasha around the waist for a hug, and Natasha had to lean down to complete the embrace. There was a good five-inch difference in their heights.

“This place is crowded,” Lori said, jerking a thumb at the cafe behind them. Sure enough, all the outdoor tables were crammed with people, and the seating inside was similarly occupied.

“And I’m hungry,” Kevin added. “We were talking about trying the new Mexican place that opened across the street.”

He pointed, and Natasha turned. Yet another trendy—and expensive—restaurant had popped up since she’d last been to this part of Culver City.

“We could try a different cafe,” Natasha suggested. She was okay meeting for coffee—something cheap—but dinner was more than she could afford at the moment. When Kevin waved the idea away, she dropped it, in case one of them asked why.

Lori checked the menu on her phone. “Reviews say their guac is great. Although I’m sure it has nothing on yours, Tash.”

Natasha flashed them a grin. “It’s true, I make great guac.” At a fraction of the price.

Kevin snapped his fingers. “We should do a cast potluck again. Before the next season starts filming.”

“It won’t be the same without Gina,” Lori said. “How’s she doing? Have you heard from her?”

The mention of Gina brought a pang of discomfort. “Yeah, she sent a picture a couple days ago. She and Stone hiked a glacier or something.”

“Whoa, really?” Kevin’s pale eyebrows popped up. “That’s so cool. I wonder if their Alaska house is ready for visitors.”

They crossed the street and asked the hostess for a table for three. She told them it would be a twenty-minute wait, but one of the waiters recognized them and pushed them higher up in the queue. They only waited three minutes, during which time they snapped selfies and signed autographs with the restaurant staff.

“Fame has its advantages,” Kevin muttered as they finally took their seats, but his tone was dark.

Lori kicked him under the table. “Hey, we got a table faster, and you’re the one who’s hungry.”

The waiter arrived quickly. Lori and Kevin ordered margaritas. Since everyone else was drinking, Natasha ordered a mojito, even though it cost four times what her coffee would have.

Besides, she needed to relax. After dancing with Dimitri and watching the footage on her laptop, she was wound up tight.

Once they’d given their orders—and Kevin convinced them to order half a dozen items from the appetizer menu—conversation turned to industry gossip.

“Any idea who they’re going to replace Gina with?” Lori asked.

Natasha shook her head. “I haven’t heard anything. My guess is it will be one of the backup dancers—maybe Sienna? She’s always smiling, and they started giving her more airtime last season. But it wouldn’t surprise me if they make some picks from Everybody Dance Now. It’s been a while since they pulled someone from there. Gina and I were the last.”

Lori sipped her margarita. “And I think I was the last one before that.”

Kevin leaned in. “I heard the executive producers of the two shows had a falling out. They used to be partners, you know. That’s why The Dance Off pulls talent from Everybody. Same network, and the showrunners were connected.”

The first round of dishes arrived—big plates with a tiny amount of food in the center of each one. They waited while a waiter made tableside guacamole. Natasha tasted it. Lori was right; it was good, but not as good as her own.

When they were alone again, Lori nudged Kevin’s elbow. “Tell me more.”

“Muriel, our exec, helped start Everybody Dance Now. Or, if you listen to the gossip, which I do, it was her idea, but Kristoff, her partner, took most of the credit. She didn’t like how he was running things—or that he wouldn’t leave his husband for her—so she left, joined The Dance Off, and took their best line producer with her.”

Natasha groaned. “I bet I know who it is.”

Kevin laughed. “Oh, I bet you do.”

“I’m going to need another mojito if we’re going to talk about her.” Natasha flagged down their waiter, and they ordered another round of drinks. “All right,” she said. “Spill it. It’s Donna Alvarez, right? My producer. Fucking Donna.”

“Guessed it in one.” Kevin piled extra jalapenos on his side of the meager nachos platter and shoved a loaded tortilla chip into his mouth. Natasha eyed the nachos like they’d kicked her dog. For real, who made a small plate of nachos?

“Is Donna really as awful as everyone says she is?” Lori asked.

“Worse,” Kevin said with a growl. “The woman is a soulless demon.”

“I think of her as La Diabla,” Natasha added. “The devil.”

Lori sipped her margarita. “And she used to work on Everybody?”

Natasha chased a bean around the plate with a chip. “She made the shift before I was on either show.”

Kevin nodded. “Muriel took Donna with her, because she has a reputation for being the most manipulative line producer in reality competition shows.”

Lori’s eyes were wide, and she talked through a mouthful of carnitas taquitos. “What does she do?”

Natasha answered, since she had the inside scoop. “Did you see all the stuff that went down with Gina and Stone last season? That was Donna.”

“Like that secret footage of them kissing?”

“Yep. Gina didn’t know they were being filmed. Donna manipulated Stone into keeping it a secret, then aired the footage right before their semi-finals dance.” Donna’s machinations had nearly been the end of Gina and Stone’s budding romance, but the two of them had worked it out.

“What a horrible human being.”

“She was really trying to turn them into the season’s showmance.”

Lori shrugged. “I’m glad I don’t have her. Barry isn’t too bad.”

Kevin returned to the original thread of the conversation. “So, the reason they’re not pulling from Everybody anymore is that Muriel stole away another one of their producers, because Kristoff—who is still married, by the way—started dating someone else. She wanted to be the only sidepiece.”

“Lord, this is complicated.” Lori munched on some chips.

But Kevin wasn’t done. “Muriel is pissed, and after losing Gina, I heard they’re cracking down on behind-the-scenes hookups.”

Natasha froze with her fork stabbed into a grilled pepper popper. “What do you mean?”

“Some of the more conservative execs are concerned it will affect performance and ratings. Muriel is just bitter that true love cost her the winning pro. So, no more backstage hanky-panky for the rest of us.”

“Like what Natasha had going on with Jackson last season?” Lori asked.

When Kevin nodded, Natasha hid a sigh of relief. They didn’t mean Dimitri. But then her defenses snapped into place. “I wasn’t the only one. Joel was screwing Keiko Simon, and that Future Fiancé guy was—”

“Cool it, girl,” Lori said, raising her hands. “I was just citing an example. I know you’re not the only one. Even I made out with one of the backup girls my first season, but then she claimed she was just drunk, not gay. I don’t have time for that shit.”

“Backstage hookups are rampant in show biz.” Kevin shrugged. “It’s part of the game. I don’t think this will amount to anything, except people being sneakier, and a higher incidence of DTD.”

Natasha clarified for Lori. “DTD is Don’t Tell Donna. It’s something all her dancers know.”

Kevin shook his head. “Fucking Donna. I’m so glad she isn’t my producer anymore. After the second time I won, I told them I’d quit if they didn’t assign me a different line producer.”

Natasha rested her chin on her hands. “Maybe after I win a couple times, I’ll be able to request a change. But I’d have to win one time first.”

Lori picked at her napkin. “You probably would have won if you’d been paired with Jackson last year.”

“You made it to the finals and came in third place,” Natasha pointed out. “You two were great partners.”

“Yeah, but you guys were hooking up. The chemistry would have gotten you extra votes.”

Natasha had gotten together a few times with Jackson García, a TV actor with a great body and good personality. Sex with him had been fun, but nothing to write home about. And the last time she was supposed to meet him, she’d gone home with Dimitri instead.

She shrugged. “Gina and Stone were really in love. Jackson and I weren’t. We never would have been a match for that. Besides, this guy snagged second place.” She flicked a finger against Kevin’s forearm. “Still in touch with Lauren?”

Kevin took off his hat and ran a hand through his hair. “That girl was a piece of work. Being her partner was exhausting.”

Natasha believed him. Kevin and Lauren D’Angelo, an Olympic figure skater, had nearly won last season, but Lauren’s technical perfection couldn’t top Stone and Gina’s emotional connection. In retaliation, Lauren had sought to sabotage the reality show Stone filmed with his family in Alaska.

Lori lowered her voice. “I heard Lauren made the rounds through most of the male cast—pros and stars.”

Kevin held up both hands. “Not me.”

Natasha held back her comment. As much time as they spent together, Kevin was secretive about his dating and sex life. She never knew when, or if, he was involved with anyone. Lori, on the other hand, was an open book. She didn’t hide her search for true love.

Lori finished chewing on a chip. “Judges, too, come to think of it.”

Natasha dropped her tiny taquito. “Huh?”

“Lauren. She didn’t just stop with the cast. She went after the judges, too.”

Natasha covered her reaction with a sip of her second drink. It couldn’t be Mariah Valentino or Chad Silver, as neither of them dated women. That meant it had to be Dimitri.

It wasn’t a total surprise. Lauren had flirted with Dimitri—with everyone, really—backstage, when she hadn’t been talking shit. Once, when they were all out at the salsa club where Lori’s ex worked, Lauren had been all over Dimitri. He loved attention, and despite his position as a judge, clearly had no qualms about dipping into the talent pool.

But Lauren? Really? The figure skater was a viper.

If the producers were cracking down on backstage hookups, how much worse would it be if they knew Natasha was shacking up with one of the judges?

Natasha cut into the conversation the others were having about a cute new camera woman. “So, wait, how are Donna and the other producers going to know if we’re hooking up?”

Kevin shrugged. “Nothing stays secret. And Donna will be stalking your social media and any news items that pop up about you. That’s what she used to do to me.”

Great. Now she had to go on social media lockdown, and be extra careful about coming and going from Dimitri’s house. He used to have a gate, but Nik had broken it and Dimitri hadn’t fixed it yet. Anyone could waltz up to the front door, including paparazzi.

Lori held up her phone. “I just got an invite to a concert tomorrow night. We should go!”

“Looks good,” Kevin said, glancing at the screen. “Hey Tash, we can park and pre-game at your place, first. It’s not too far from your apartment.”

Natasha shook her head, with perhaps a tad too much vehemence, because Kevin’s brows drew together. “No. I mean, I have a lot of work tomorrow, and work early the next day. You know, I’ve got a ton of summer jobs, and I’m trying to cover the full rent, plus the new car . . .”

“Oh, yeah, I forgot about that.” Kevin tapped his fingers on the table in thought. “What about dinner beforehand? Then Lori and I will go to the concert.”

“My stove isn’t working,” Natasha blurted out.

“Oh, that sucks.” Lori patted her arm. “You love to cook. How long has it been out?”

“A few days.” The lies were getting out of hand. “The building is providing a new one, but things are kind of a mess, and you know . . . it’s just one more thing.” She gave a little laugh, to imply it was a minor inconvenience, nothing they should worry about. “Why don’t we try the new Thai place down the street from me?”

“Awesome, I love Thai food.” Lori seemed pleased, but Kevin’s expression was unreadable. He opened his mouth, but the waiter appeared with the check, saving Natasha from further questions.

“Let’s split three ways,” Kevin suggested, tossing his credit card down on the tray. Lori added hers, and Natasha bit back a grimace as she placed her debit card on top of the pile. Living like this was going to clean her out. Why the hell hadn’t she insisted on coffee? And why had she just agreed to another dinner?

She took a deep breath. It would be okay. Some of her jobs the next day paid cash, and at least one other check should be showing up as direct deposit any day. She’d been in worse spots before. She just had to make it to the new season. When her paychecks from The Dance Off started rolling in again, she’d be back on her feet.

So long as she kept anyone from finding out she was living with Dimitri. If that happened . . . she’d be out of a job, and out of options.

The only one left would be going back to New York as a failure.





9


The next morning, Natasha pulled into the parking lot behind The Dance Off’s rehearsal space. She was scheduled for a quick promo shoot, which would hopefully bring in money from the show sooner than expected. Proximity to the building pushed her financial concerns from her mind and pushed a different worry to the number-one position: she had to keep Donna and the other staff from finding out she was staying with Dimitri.

Not “living with.” It was temporary. And they weren’t sleeping together—literally or figuratively. It should be totally fine.

Somehow she didn’t think the showrunners would see it that way.

The memory of dancing with Dimitri in his private studio, watching the passion flare between them on video, flashed through her mind. She sucked in a breath and knocked the heel of her hand against the steering wheel. God, he was hot. When he put his hands on her, she melted. All good sense flew out the window. Even her fingernails buzzed with need. It was killing her to stay away from him.

But after what Kevin had told her, it was more important than ever that she stick to her rule.

She grabbed her car keys and purse and headed into the building. This line of thinking was only working her up, and she needed to stay cool around Donna. The woman was like a shark, scenting gossip in the water.

Donna Alvarez was in her tiny, cramped office with the door open halfway. Natasha knocked lightly on the jamb. “Hi, Donna. You have something for me to sign?” Better to get to the point.

Donna looked up from her laptop and smiled. “Oh, hey, Tash. Come on in.”

There was a spare chair on the other side of Donna’s desk. Natasha perched on the edge. God willing, this would be a short visit. Then she could get to hair and makeup, get the shoot over with, and go on with her day. She still had classes to teach in the evening.

“Let me just find it.” Donna opened and closed her desk drawers, shuffled a pile of folders. “How’s your summer going? I noticed you haven’t been posting on Twitter much.”

Mira ese comemierda. Kevin was right. Donna was stalking her social media.

“Busy. I took on a bunch of gigs.”

Donna flipped open a folder, shook her head, and set it aside. “Oh, really? What kind?”

The producer’s tone was mild, politely interested, but it would be stupid to let her guard down around Donna. The woman had a mind like a steel trap and never forgot anything she was told—especially if she could use it against someone later.

“Teaching, mostly. Yoga, spin class, ballet—that sort of thing. A few modeling spots.” She could have been booking higher-paying jobs if her agent weren’t on vacation at the moment, hiking in Canada and largely off the grid.

Donna smirked. “You’ll be in great condition when the next season starts. Just don’t hurt yourself. I need you in fighting shape. Hoping to go two for two.”

Ah. She was hoping Natasha would win. Donna had also been line producer for Gina, who’d just won The Dance Off’s trophy. If Natasha won the next season, Donna’s dancers would win twice in a row. And if there was one thing that could be counted on, it was Donna’s ambition.

It was a bad idea to joke around with her, but curiosity won out. “Does that mean you have a clue about who my next partner will be?”

Donna huffed out a laugh. “You know I can’t tell you that stuff, but I’m working on securing someone for you who will strike the right . . . note.”

Note, huh? Maybe he was a musician or some kind of singer. The singers who joined The Dance Off were usually up-and-comers hoping for an increased fanbase, or aging crooners aiming for a comeback and a leg up with the younger generation. Usually they had pretty good rhythm.

“Aha!” Donna held up a folder in triumph. “Here it is.”

Natasha took the papers and scanned them quickly. She and her agent had already viewed the PDF, but she needed to sign the hard copies. “No other clues?” she asked as she signed, using a pen from the “I (Ballet Slipper) Dance” mug on Donna’s desk.

“If I can get him, he’ll be a better fit than Dwayne Alonzo was. You two will burn up the dance floor.” Donna’s expression turned serious as she accepted the papers Natasha handed back. “But I have to warn you, Tash. After Gina and Stone, there’s a crackdown on fraternizing with the celebs. Sexual chemistry is one thing, but nothing obvious.” She raised her eyebrows and sent a meaningful look across the desk. “I’m just saying.”

Heart pounding, it took all Natasha had to nod calmly. “Understood.”

She didn’t point out that Donna had been instrumental in outing Gina and Stone’s relationship. Didn’t mention that Donna’s own machinations and manipulations had resulted in secret footage of them kissing, when they weren’t mic’d and Gina hadn’t even known they were being filmed.

Gina’s response had drawn sympathy from fans, who’d taken to social media to lambaste the producers and editing team.

But Natasha didn’t mention any of that. Because really, how much worse would it be if she were caught fucking one of the judges?

After she left, she sat through hair and makeup, idly scrolling through apartments in neighborhoods like Sherman Oaks and Glendale on her phone. Nothing jumped out at her, and the activity stressed her out, so she was glad when it was time to enter the largest rehearsal room, where the segment would be filmed.

A camera crew swarmed around a makeshift set with a full lighting setup and backdrop. Donna chatted with a woman Natasha recognized as Vita Schwartz, a host from a Los Angeles morning news show. Natasha greeted the camera crew, stepped around a cluster of PAs, and froze.

Motherfucker!

Of course. She should have fucking known. This day had been going too well.

Dimitri looked up from the small craft services table set up on one side of the room. His face lit with a grin when he saw her. He ambled over to her, his outturned dancer’s walk sexy as hell, his sequined suspenders looking anything but silly on him. They only served to highlight the strong lines of his body, bulkier and taller than most male dancers.

She gave him a warning glance. Donna was right there. “Hi, Dimitri. Nice to see you.”

“Tasha.” His gaze heated, and he leaned in to kiss her cheek. She was wearing heels, which brought her closer to his height but for a couple inches.

She caught a whiff of his cologne, the spicy green scent giving her flashbacks to the almost-kiss Nik had interrupted. She sucked on her lower lip, and his eyes widened.

“Tease,” he whispered.

Damn it, he was going to get them in trouble, and so was she if she couldn’t get her hormones under control. Natasha took a step back and aimed for a light, impersonal tone. “What are you doing here, Dimitri?”

He shrugged. “Same as you, I suppose. Pop culture piece for some morning show.”

“Weird that they’re doing this in the off-season,” Natasha remarked, turning as a PA came over to hook up their lavalier mics.

Dimitri dropped his voice. “It’s because Gina and Stone have refused to do a lot of promo. People want to book interviews with the winners, but since they can’t, they asked for the next best thing.”

Natasha frowned. “Kevin and Lauren? They came in second place.”

Dimitri laughed and flashed a cocky grin. “Nah. Better than that.” He leaned in and tapped his chest. “Me.”

She rolled her eyes and scoffed, but his nearness and that blasted cologne did things to her. Arousing things. “You’re so full of yourself.”

At that, he only raised a suggestive eyebrow.

Her pulse pounded in her throat. Fuck. Now she was thinking of being filled by him. Her lips parted, but before she could say a word, Donna approached with Vita and—shit, it was Muriel, one of the execs. Bitter Muriel, who was on the lookout for anything resembling fraternization between cast members.

Natasha smiled, taking a step away from Dimitri as she turned to face them. Muriel made introductions and explained the scenario. Dimitri would explain a few basic ballroom dance steps, demonstrate them with Natasha, then teach them to Vita. It sounded simple enough, and Natasha wasn’t expected to speak, just dance.

It would have made more sense for her to teach the woman’s part to Vita, but Dimitri was the draw here, not her.

They began filming, and Natasha filled her role, standing off to the side with a big smile on her face while Dimitri chatted with Vita about the differences between the Argentine tango and Viennese waltz.

“The tango is a very sexy dance,” he drawled, oozing sex appeal for the camera. Even knowing it was an act, Natasha fought the urge to fan herself. Then Dimitri turned to her, fire in his gaze, and held out a hand. “Let’s show how it’s done, Tasha.”

She stepped forward, suppressing a shiver at the thick way he said her name. She was a fucking mess. Lucky for her, these dances were ingrained in her muscle memory, and she could trust Dimitri to lead. She’d be fine.

Except Dimitri seemed to be doing all in his power to make her not fine. Yes, Argentine tango was a sexy dance to begin with, but coño. The press of his fingertips was just a little more forceful than the dance called for, his touches lingering a fraction of a second too long. He dipped her, his breath on her neck and his palm on her bare thigh, sliding, teasing, tantalizing . . .

Then she was upright, but she couldn’t catch her breath. Her heartbeat pounded heavily in her veins, and her whole body throbbed.

And then Dimitri turned to Vita and pulled her into the dance like it was nothing.

Natasha struggled to get herself under control while she watched. Dimitri was perfectly respectful with Vita. All the sexiness was in his voice. His touch and posture were impersonal, teacher to student. Vita didn’t seem to notice the difference. She was giggling and blushing by the time Dimitri released her.

And then they had the waltz. Most wouldn’t consider it a sensuous dance, but the way Dimitri did it, it was foreplay.

After it was over, Natasha rushed to the cooler to grab a bottle of cold water. Hot and bothered didn’t even begin to describe the sensations racing through her body. She gulped down water like she was dying of thirst, and when she lowered the bottle, Donna was there.

Natasha jumped, splashing water on her chest. “Jeez, Donna, you scared me.”

Donna’s smile was razor sharp. She raised an eyebrow, then deliberately turned to look at Dimitri, who chatted charmingly with Vita.

Nothing like abject fear to douse the flames of desire. Natasha swallowed hard and wiped at the water on her sequin-covered boobs.

Donna turned back with both eyebrows raised. She searched Natasha’s face for a moment before she spoke, every word deliberate. “Don’t ruin your life, Tash. He’s not worth it.”

“What?” The word came out more like a gasp, and Natasha tried to cover it with a nervous giggle and a shrug. “I mean, he’s hot, yeah. But come on.”

Donna only nodded, then walked over to Muriel. Natasha drank more water, then slipped out to change before Dimitri could get her fired on the spot.





10


Mission Turn Natasha On: Accomplished.

As they’d danced, he’d heard every catch of breath, felt every extra undulation beneath his hands. He recognized the glassy look in her dark eyes for what it was: desire. Of course, it had the same effect on him, but he could be patient. He was playing the long game.

Then Muriel approached with a smile that was too sweet to be true. He excused himself from his conversation with Vita and turned to speak to his boss.

“That was great, Dimitri,” Muriel said. “We’d love to have you come in for more of these kinds of spots, if you’re open to it. It really keeps the viewers invested between seasons, and you know you have the rep as the mean judge. They love seeing the softer side of you.”

His shoulders tightened. “No promises. I’ve got some other projects keeping me pretty busy at the moment.” Like getting Natasha to open up to him and accept how right they were for each other.

Muriel was undeterred. “I also noticed we didn’t get your contract for next season. Did you send that in?”

Pizdets. This wasn’t going how he’d hoped. And Natasha had already disappeared, so there was no reason for him to stick around. He had to ditch Muriel. “Not yet. Busy, like I said.”

“Do you want us to print out a copy for you now? You can sign it before you leave.”

Under the collar of his costume shirt, he started to sweat. “I’ve actually got to get going right now,” he said, edging toward the door. He snapped one of the sparkly suspenders. “I’ll bring this back later. See you, Muriel.”

He charged out the door. In the hallway, he untangled himself from the lav mic and slapped it into the hands of a passing PA. Still in costume and makeup, with his hair slicked down with industrial strength hair gel, he dashed out to the parking lot and climbed into the Porsche. He looked for Natasha’s Prius among the many parked in the lot, but didn’t see it. He didn’t know how she’d gotten away so quickly, but he knew where to find her, at least.

When he checked his phone, he had two missed calls from Alex, and five from the restaurant. Shit. Was something on fire?

Everything else would have to wait. He got on the freeway and headed toward Krasavitsa, where he could lose himself for the rest of the day in non-dance related worries.

And he could put off thinking about Alex’s deadline and The Dance Off contract for one more day.





11


As exhausted as Natasha was at the end of the day, her mind was still on that promo shoot. She took a cold shower and forced herself to go to bed early, the better to avoid Dimitri, who once again was out. But she tossed and turned, jumping at every little sound. When she heard him come home, her heart pounded so loud, she was sure he’d be able to hear through the bedroom door.

Listening to him moving around the house didn’t help her situation. Her body pulsed with need, and it took all her self-control to keep her ass in bed. It would be so easy. He would say yes. Hell, he’d welcome her if she strolled out and said, “Hey, wanna fuck?” Imagining the look of delight that would transform his features brought on an attack of the giggles, and she pressed her face into the pillow to stifle them.

Eventually, the house quieted. He must have gone to bed. She dozed a bit, but not for long. She tried deep breathing. She tried playing a puzzle game on her phone. Nothing worked.

Disgusted with herself, she threw on her glasses and a thin, over-sized sweatshirt and crept from the room.

On the other side of the house, she let herself into the TV room and fumbled through the pile of remotes before she managed to turn on the TV and pull up the cable guide. She searched for a period drama, full of sweeping music, beautiful costumes, and manicured landscapes, when she found something much, much better.

Aliens Don’t Dance. The movie that had taken Dimitri from competitive ballroom dancing to Hollywood and made him a star.

After looking over her shoulder to make sure the door into the room was shut, she settled in to watch. She’d seen it countless times, of course. When it came out over a decade ago, she and Gina and their dance-major friends from high school had cut their last classes of the day and gone to the five-dollar movie theater to see it. Natasha had loved it.

The story of an alien crash-landing on Earth, taking the form of a super-hot human man, and stumbling upon MTV for his Earth education had been silly, sure, but Dimitri made the character of Reygar endearing. The earnest way he used dance to connect with other humans—and eventually with one human woman in particular—warmed her heart, and embodied what dance was all about.

Like all creative arts, dance centered on connection. Dancers used their bodies to make the audience feel something. They interpreted music into physical form, and thus gave it a shape. Aliens Don’t Dance was everything she loved about dance—the ability to use movement to express what you couldn’t, or didn’t dare, say in words. Dimitri didn’t talk until the halfway point of the movie, after he was able to repair his ship’s translator device.

Natasha wrapped a crocheted afghan around herself and snuggled further into the comfy leather sofa. It was weird to be watching a young Dimitri on TV in his own house, while he slept a few rooms away. But it also gave her a thrill. This was Dimitri as she’d first seen him, when she was still a teenager, and he’d been in his early twenties. His Ukrainian - by - way - of - Brooklyn accent was slightly more pronounced, his voice not as deep or gravelly as it was now. His face was softer, his body leaner, but he was still a handsome man who oozed sex appeal. He had incredible chemistry with Greta Marcus, the female lead, a once-popular actress who’d faded into obscurity after the movie became a hit, while Dimitri’s career had taken off. Natasha had once looked her up online, and it seemed she’d decided to settle down and have a family. It made sense. This business was hard on relationships and families.

A smile curved Natasha’s lips. Greta was an ideal candidate for The Dance Off. Maybe she’d suggest it to Dimitri.

A hand clamped on her shoulder. Natasha yelped and leapt a foot in the air. Heart pounding, she stared up at Dimitri, who stood behind the sofa with sleep-rumpled hair, cloaked in shadows. His eyes flicked to the screen and he shook his head.

“I can’t believe you’re watching this trash.”

Natasha squished herself into a corner of the sofa as he came around and sat beside her, watching himself on the TV with a rueful grin.

“I couldn’t sleep.”

He snorted. “This’ll do the job.”

“What are you talking about? This is a great movie.”

“A great movie?” He snorted again and gave her a sidelong glance. “You don’t have to flatter me, you know.”

She rolled her eyes. “Lord knows your ego is big enough already. But I’m serious. I love this movie.”

“Okay, that’s enough lies for one night.” He reached for the remote on the coffee table.

“No!” Natasha flung herself across his lap and slapped the remote out of his hand. “I’m watching it.”

His eyes sparked with interest. A warning sign, but she wasn’t fast enough to scramble away. And really, she didn’t want to.

“What do you like about this movie?” he asked in a low voice, leaning into her.

“Um . . .” Her mind went blank. What movie? The video on her laptop? Oh, wait, no. The movie on TV. “Uh, the dancing.”

“My dancing?”

“Just . . . in general. All the dancing. By everyone.”

His eyes narrowed, like he knew she was full of shit. “If you were that desperate for the real thing you could have just asked. You didn’t have to find me on TV.” His grin was wicked, his eyes flickering with the reflected light of the TV. She pressed herself back against the thick, cushioned arm of the sofa, but he crawled over her, blanketing her with his body. He wore only a pair of boxer briefs that did nothing to hide his arousal.

On screen, young Dimitri danced shirtless with Greta, larger than life with his six-pack abs and ability to dominate a scene. But the real Dimitri was so much more overwhelming, not to mention bigger, stronger, and older. Dark knowledge danced in his eyes as his hands molded over her hips, waist, ribs. In a split-second, he’d divested her of her sweatshirt.

His chuckle was husky. “You’re getting off on this aren’t you?”

Time to play stupid. “On what?” Carajo, her voice had gone breathy. She breathed in the scent of him, bit back a moan.

“Watching me on TV, seducing another woman.”

“I like the story,” she answered primly, earning a full-out laugh. Because he’d pushed her thighs apart, the vibrations of his belly pressed right against her most sensitive area, and she sucked in a gasp. His arms caged her in, but instead of feeling trapped, she felt supported. Secure. When she was in his arms, she almost believed everything would be all right, and she could have all the things she’d ever wanted but thought she’d never have.

Except it was all a lie. She lowered her lashes, unable to gaze upon either Dimitri—the real one, or the one on TV. This was the danger of being with him. He lured her into a false sense of security, but in the harsh light of day, she was still who she’d always been—a poor Puerto Rican girl from the Bronx whose own mother had never found it in her heart to love her.

Dimitri’s lips on her arm were a welcome distraction. His mouth on her skin, his closeness, the warmth of his body and scent seeping into hers—were better than the road her thoughts wanted to go down. He shifted higher over her, bringing his heavy cock against her pelvis. She bit back a groan.

When he leaned in to kiss her, she’d already made up her mind that she would let him, but he stopped and tilted his head to look at her in the light from the TV.

“You look tired, Kroshka.”

He’d called her this a few times before, usually after sex or when he was drunk. She didn’t know what it meant, but the term of endearment melted her heart a little every time he said it. She held those memories to her in the dark, when she was feeling weakest and most alone.

“I am tired.”

“So why are you awake in the middle of the night watching me on TV? The studio sent me a box of DVDs. You can watch anytime you want.”

She suppressed a nervous giggle. She already had the movie on DVD. “It’s not that.”

“What, then?”

This line of questioning skirted too close to things she didn’t want to discuss. She twined her arms around his neck and arched against him. “Why do you want to know?”

It worked. His lids drooped, and he rocked his hips against her, drawing a gasp from her lips.

“Tell me,” he growled.

She shook her head and rubbed her breasts on his chest, aching for the touch of his hands or mouth. Why was he doing this? Why wasn’t he distracting her the way he was so good at?

The movie’s theme song started playing on the TV: “Dance with Me.”

He groaned and dropped his head onto her shoulder. “I hate this song.”

Despite the desire incinerating her from the inside out, Natasha laughed. “I love it.”

He scowled at her. “You would.”

“Hey, I was the target audience when this came out. Teenage girls.”

His eyebrows rose. “You saw it when it came out?”

“Of course.” Three times.

His eyes roamed her face, his scrutiny so intense, she had to look away and watch the big dance number.

“Tell me why you’re not sleeping even though you’re tired.”

She shut her eyes. Why was he pushing this? They never talked about real life stuff. “You’re so stubborn.”

“I prefer tenacious or persistent.”

“Try annoying.”

He nudged her with his cock and her eyes flew open. “Tell me.”

“I’m stressed, okay?” she snapped. In retaliation, she clamped her thighs around his hips and did a body roll that had him moaning.

He nipped at her shoulder. “About the apartment? I told you, you can stay here as long as you need.”

“The apartment, the money—” She stopped short of saying “my mother.” He didn’t need to know all that. “And I can’t stay here that long. I have to be out before The Dance Off starts filming. You know that.”

He shrugged and pressed his face into the curve of her neck, nibbling along her collarbones. It was suspicious that he didn’t answer, but with his mouth on her, she didn’t give a shit about anything else.

“It’s time for the sex scene,” he murmured against her jaw.

“What?” The word was a gasp, a prayer, a plea.

His tone held amusement. “In the movie.”

“Oh.” Her gaze flew to the screen, where young Dimitri fisted his hand in the back of his t-shirt, pulled it over his head, and flexed his abs. The absurdity of the situation hit her. She’d seen him do that move at least a dozen times. And here he was now, years later, seducing her during the sex scene of his own movie.

She almost laughed. But then he finally kissed her and she didn’t care how ludicrous this all was. She just wanted him.

His kiss was as domineering as the rest of him. His lips commanded obedience, yet his tongue soothed when his demands were met. His hands possessed her, traveling over every inch of her skin, stoking the flames and making her desperate for more of his touch.

Yes, touch me, she wanted to say. Touch me everywhere and never stop.

Whenever they came together like this, a litany of pleas and demands and requests played through Natasha’s head. But she never said them out loud. She couldn’t let him know how much she wanted him, how much she craved his touch, his attention, his . . .

Don’t go there.

She shut off her thoughts, sank into the moment with him. Her gasps matched Greta’s on screen, and she wanted to know if they’d fucked off-screen, all those years ago, but didn’t ask.

“Take these off,” he said with a growl, tugging at her sleep shorts. It took some fancy maneuvering, since they were on the sofa, but he stripped her of her shorts—and panties—in record time.

This was going faster and further than she’d expected. “What are you—” His mouth cut off her question; one fingertip stroked between her folds, and she had her answer.

Yes . . .

When he broke the kiss to let her suck in air, he whispered in her ear. “What kind of host would I be if I didn’t put you to sleep?”

Kind of him to offer. Except now she didn’t feel sleepy. Sensation zinged through her body. With his thumb on her clit and two fingers plunging inside her, he played her with skill and determination. The weight of his body pressing her into the sofa anchored her in the moment, and his kisses drove all thought from her mind. Thank god.

And there was the dirty talk.

Yeah, babe. Take it. Feel it. Don’t think about anything else. You think too much. Let me make you feel good.

Were you going to touch yourself during this scene? Isn’t the real thing better than a movie? You’re living the fantasy.

You work so hard, I want to help you relax.

When she snapped at him to shut up, he only laughed and shoved her tank top up to drag his tongue over her nipples. In retaliation, she stuck her hand down his underwear and grasped his hot length, wanting to feel his hardness as she came. He groaned and doubled his efforts.

It was too much and never enough. They stripped off their remaining clothing and rolled on the sofa, naked, their sweaty skin sticking to the leather and each other, their movements knocking cushions to the floor. He was like a man possessed, obsessed with making her come, but every time she got close, he backed off. When she whimpered, he laughed and returned to the task.

Through it all, the need to have him fill her taunted her from the edges of passion. Why the hell had she told him no sex? This was everything. She begged with her whimpers, with her hand on his dick, trying to yank him closer to her slit.

The infernal man only laughed and pushed her hand away. Then he put his mouth on her and drove her even higher. With lips and tongue, he broke her apart and put her back together countless times until finally, finally, he let her explode.

The orgasm rolled through her, wiping her thoughts and satisfying everything except her need for more.

As she was coming down and thinking about how to shift her body to get his cock inside her, the end credits rolled, along with the theme song. Dimitri’s body shifted over hers and his lips touched her ear.

“You see how well I treat my houseguests?”

She froze. Wait, houseguests? Was he referring to other women? Her skin broke out in goosebumps. She pulled back and stared at him. He blinked, like he realized what he said was shitty, then covered it up with a smile and gestured at the TV.

“I mean, I can’t have ladies staying under my roof turning to cheap copies of the real thing.”

Natasha stared at him as aftershocks from her explosive orgasm ravaged her body. Her heart pounded even as her limbs chilled at his words, at his smug, self-satisfied smile. Had she heard him correctly?

Normally, an orgasmic experience like that left her boneless and sleepy. But his words elicited a bolt of adrenaline, a fight-or-flight response, and she scrambled out from underneath him. Snatching up her clothes, she blurted out, “Thanks, I think I can sleep now,” and ran naked from the room.

The shocked look on his face followed her all the way back to the guest room she dared not think of as hers.

Nothing about him or his home was hers. Playing house like this was a game to him, nothing more than a pleasant diversion. She was one of many. Maybe he’d even done this before—helped a desperate woman by letting her stay with him. Her heart would be ruined if she ever allowed herself to expect anything more from him. She couldn’t read any deeper meaning into his actions, no matter how caring he seemed at times.

Beyond an easy screw, he didn’t care about her. He never would.

It was her mother all over again. Every time she thought she was getting closer, catching a glimpse of real emotional connection, it was snatched away from her, and she was reminded of the truth.

She just wasn’t good enough.

After pulling her pajamas back on, Natasha climbed underneath the covers again. Tonight sealed the deal. No sex, and she must avoid him at all costs.





12


It started with a bra.

Just one bra. Not even a super expensive one, because even after the boob job, Natasha was still only a C-cup.

“You should buy it,” Lori said, peeking past the curtain into Natasha’s dressing room. “It’s pretty.”

Natasha turned in the mirror, checking herself out from multiple angles. The lacy black demi-cup was pretty, and her cleavage looked phenomenal. Just wearing it made her feel better about life.

And, okay, she wondered what Dimitri would think of it, too. Her plan to avoid him was a success, and she hadn’t seen him in three days. What she hadn’t counted on was her own desire for him. She missed his dark scowl and flashing grin, the woodsy, citrusy scent of his cologne, even his corny jokes. But especially his touch. Damn him.

She’d almost given in. But he’d reminded her why she needed to keep her distance, and it wasn’t just because her job was now at stake.

Although that was a big fucking reason to keep her panties on, and her ass in her own bed.

Not her own bed. It wasn’t hers. Nik’s bed. Shit, that sounded worse. The guest bed. She was a guest. Sort of.

Not quite guest. Not quite roommate. Definitely not girlfriend.

“I would buy it, if I had boobs,” Lori added. She glanced down at her chest. “It’s okay, though. It’s easier to breakdance without them. And besides, our costume designers are experts at padding.”

“That’s why I got small implants.” Natasha adjusted the straps on the black bra, looking for a reason to leave it behind. Nope, the damn thing fit perfectly.

Lori snickered. “For breakdancing?”

“No, that’s all you, girl.” Natasha pulled on the tank top provided by the store to see how the bra looked under fabric. Still looked fantastic. “I got them for me, because I wanted them, and because I’m never going back to ballet.”

“Why not?”

Natasha shrugged and took the shirt off. “I’m twenty-seven already. That’s like sixty-seven in ballerina years, and anyway, I prefer ballroom dancing as a career. And if I got implants any bigger than these—” she poked her chest, “—they wouldn’t look right on my body.”

“Makes sense.” Lori ducked out while Natasha changed back into the bra and shirt she’d worn into the store. “Are you going to buy it?”

Natasha stepped out of the fitting room, holding the bra in her hand. It really was pretty . . . “I’m thinking about it.”

“It looked really good on you.” Lori waved the neon green bralette she held. “You can think about it while I wait to pay.”

Shopping with Lori was a dangerous pastime. Lori was an instigator, and Natasha didn’t need much encouragement when it came to spending money. And since she’d lost so much in the great apartment disaster, and one of her direct deposit checks had come in, it only made sense to pick up an item or two . . .

She bought the bra.

By the time they left The Grove, Natasha was weighed down with shopping bags from five different stores, and her checking account was right back where it had started. But seeing the bags filling the trunk of her car gave her a thrill. The royal blue romper looked amazing on her, and the low-heeled ankle booties fit like a dream on her poor, battered dancer’s feet.

She said goodbye to Lori in the parking lot and drove the short distance to The Dance Off’s offices. The whole way, she ran through the reasons why her purchases had been a good idea.

She’d been working hard. She deserved nice things.

She was a television celebrity in Los Angeles. She got recognized, and had an image to uphold.

After losing so many items in the ceiling leak, she needed to replenish her wardrobe.

They were the reasons she always gave herself when she splurged. She deserved, she needed, she wanted. All to shut up the voice that whispered, No necesitas eso. Vas a botar tú dinero. People like you don’t get to have things like that. You don’t have the money.

That stupid voice followed her everywhere and sounded just like her mother.

Then Kevin called. Kevin always texted, so she picked up, worried that something bad had happened. “Kev? Is everything okay?”

“Hey, Natasha,” Kevin said. “I’m cool, but I just wanted to give you a heads-up. Donna’s been asking around about you and Dimitri. Are you still seeing that guy?”

Crap. “I filmed some promo with him, and you know how it goes. Harmless flirting. Donna’s just digging for dirt.”

“That’s what I figured, but I still wanted to let you know.”

“I appreciate it, Kev. Talk to you later.”

“Oh, are we still on for dinner with Lori tonight?”

Damn it. Why did she keep making plans to spend money? “Sorry, I have to back out. A work gig came up.”

“Aww, we’ll miss you. Next time?”

“Sure.” They said their goodbyes and hung up, and Natasha headed straight back into The Grove and returned everything that wasn’t final sale.

She kept the bra.

She had to stop digging herself deeper into the hole. It was time to make smart financial choices. The sooner she had the money, the sooner she could get the hell out of Dimitri’s house.

No one could know she was living there. That meant saving her coins, and making dinner at home. She prayed Dimitri would be caught up at the restaurant.





13


Three days. Dimitri hadn’t seen her in three days.

He’d fucked up, and he knew it. When he’d woken up and gone to the kitchen for a glass of water, he’d seen her bedroom door open. Despite his earlier decision to give her space, he hadn’t been able to resist looking for her. Coming across her in the TV room in the dark, watching his movie, had mixed up all his emotions.

Still, after all this time, he thought of it as his movie. He’d done others since then, and it wasn’t like he’d produced or even choreographed Aliens Don’t Dance, but it was his first big role, and he still thought of it as his.

When he was younger, he thought he’d come to regret being so well-known for something he’d filmed when he was—what, twenty-two? But it had opened doors for him, gotten him out of the competition circuit and the struggle to find gigs, and thrust him into the spotlight.

He’d thought he was set. But the spotlight wasn’t enough. His star power wasn’t enough.

He’d done more shows, more movies, more cameos. But none of the roles were as big as Reygar, the character he played in Aliens Don’t Dance, and none of the movies had soared as high as that one had. And when he’d made a move for Broadway, they’d had to close the show three weeks in.

His own show. His own work, created from his heart. And it was a failure.

It had taken him years to try again, but that attempt failed, too. By that point, his star power had diminished. He had to get back into the public eye.

Joining The Dance Off had propelled him back into the spotlight. It was easy work and it paid well, but he could admit he’d become complacent there. Still, it had brought him to Natasha. Now, stuck in LA traffic in an effort to get home early enough to catch her, he had a lot of time to think about her.

Better than thinking about the past, or his future. Alex had been texting him daily, asking about his plans. Dimitri didn’t reply, because he didn’t know what to say. He didn’t have any concrete plans, aside from getting through Natasha’s defenses and learning more about the woman underneath.

But first, he had to see her.

When he’d offered to let her live in his home, he’d thought having her there would bring him a greater sense of security. Ha. The woman was as elusive as a nearly forgotten memory. She was gone when he woke up, asleep when he got home. He hadn’t even had the opportunity to apologize to her for his thoughtless words, and he didn’t want to do it via text or sticky note on her bathroom mirror.

If anything, he felt even more insecure than he had before.

By the time he pulled into his driveway, he was starving. Despite being at the restaurant all day, he hadn’t eaten much. He parked in the garage, his scowl clearing when he spotted Natasha’s Prius in Nik’s spot.

She was home. And it was way too early for her to be asleep.

He crept into the house quietly, smothering the smile that threatened to take over his features. A melody of aromas greeted him, along with Spanish music playing loudly in the kitchen. As he got closer, he could hear Natasha singing along, off-key.

He lost the battle against his grin. She was fucking adorable. And the music provided the perfect opportunity.

Every time they danced, their connection deepened, strengthened. Neither of them could deny it, just as she could never pass up the chance to dance with him. Whenever he offered his hand, she went willingly, holding nothing back.

It was the only time she didn’t hold back. Even during sex, as open and giving as she was, she avoided his gaze. She expressed herself through cries and moans, yet hoarded her words.

It was hard not to take it personally. But he kept trying.

He lurked in the doorway, watching her cook. She stirred something in a large pan, humming along with the lyrics. Her hips swayed, and her bare feet shuffled in a salsa step.

The chorus started. Dimitri advanced. With one hand, he cupped her hip. With the other, he wrapped his fingers around the wooden spoon before she dropped it.

She opened her mouth, maybe to protest, but he nudged her into a close salsa step, New York style. As they shifted back and forth on the tiny rug in front of the oven, he caught her gaze, let her see how much he wanted her.

Her expression softened; her dark, sexy eyes going liquid behind her glasses, her full, wide lips parting.

Keeping his eyes on hers, he directed the spoon—still clasped in her hand—to his mouth and licked it.

She blinked, desire sparking in her eyes. “Sancocho,” she whispered.

Whatever that was, it was delicious. Flavorful and full of spice. His stomach reminded him of its hunger, but he had a stronger need at this point. He tossed the spoon into the sink and swept her up in the dance.

Magic. As always, it was magic. She anticipated his every move as if they had a telepathic connection. No hesitation, no lag time. No thinking. Just feeling, just bodies, just movement. She was living fire in his arms. The music soared around them, flowed through them. The bubbling pot on the stove surrounded them in aromas that made his mouth water, but underlying the scent of sancocho was Natasha’s own fig and ginger combo. He pulled her in close, breathing in the scent of her hair—pulled up in a curly bun—and she writhed against him.

The song ended. He’d backed her up against the counter, their faces close.

She ducked her head, but he caught the smile curving her lips. “Um, I have to stir,” she said, but she didn’t pull away.

Swallowing hard, he released her, then spotted the open bottle of red wine on the counter with one glass next to it.

“I hope you don’t mind,” she said, nodding at the bottle. “I had kind of a rough day.”

“I don’t. But you didn’t pour me a glass.” He took one down from the cabinet.

She cut him a look. “I didn’t think you’d be home.”

Tension thickened, pressing against his skin. She turned back to the stove, but he didn’t want to let it drop. She thought of his house as home? Good. Something to exploit.

He poured himself a glass and topped off hers. “I’ve had some late nights at the restaurant.”

“Putting out fires?”

He sighed. “Literal and figurative.”

She took the glass he gave her and clinked it against his. “Sorry to hear that.”

“Today wasn’t bad. I was meeting with my lawyer most of the day. Not as much drama with him, if you can believe it.” He sipped, savoring the fruity, herbal flavor, knowing that if he kissed her right now he’d taste it on her tongue, too. “Tell me about your day.”

She rolled her eyes and knocked back a long swallow of wine. “I got a call from Kevin about my producer, Donna. Apparently she’s asking about us, thanks to your little show the other day.”

Uh-oh, work stuff. He could already feel Natasha closing off. “Is that why you’re making comfort food?”

She gave him a surprised smile. “How did you know?”

He shrugged. “I also turn to food from home when I’m stressed. There are a few items on the restaurant’s menu that are specifically for when I need Ukrainian comfort food. Reminds me of my grandmother’s kitchen.”

She smiled as she sliced green plantains. “My great-grandmother taught me to cook Puerto Rican food. My mom was always too busy.”

“Your great-grandmother?” He settled against the counter and drank his wine. “What happened to your grandmother?”

She shrugged. “Never met her.”

There was more to that story. He waited to see if she’d elaborate. After checking the rice, she did.

“My mother got pregnant when she was sixteen. Swore she was going to marry the guy—who was older, and a loser, by all accounts—so her mother sent her from Puerto Rico to New York. I was born there, and grew up with my great-grandparents and my mother, all in a two-bedroom apartment.”

“Where did you sleep?”

“A section of the living room.”

“When I moved here—to America—I shared a room with Nik, who was still a baby, and my two cousins.”

She shrugged. “Whatever it takes, right? But look where you are now.”

“You, too.”

She snorted. “We both know I’m here out of desperation. I can’t even get my shit together enough to manage my own living situation. Without Gina, I’m a fucking mess.”

She was retreating again. Her shoulders hunched, her eyebrows drawn together in a scowl. He wanted to help her, to take away the stress in her posture and her voice. He was good with money. He could help her, teach her.

But first, he wanted her to relax. With him.

The second she put the lid on the pot, he swept her into a dance again. They danced between sips of wine and taking turns at the stove. When the food was ready, they opened a second bottle of red, made their plates, and ate standing up, dancing between bites.

“What are we eating?” he asked, spinning her close.

“Sancocho—it’s like stew. Arroz con gandules—rice with green pigeon peas. And plátanos maduros—sweet fried plantains. Like you said, it’s comfort food.”

He pressed a kiss to her hair. “Well, I feel comforted.”

She laughed and leaned against him. “Damn it, Macho.”

“What?” He tipped her chin up, forcing her to look at him.

Her voice trembled. “Why can’t I ever say no to you?”

It was what he’d been waiting for. Natasha, soft and pliant in his arms. Her thoughts only on him, not on her money troubles, or her past, or her job. She’d opened up to him tonight, told him more about her life than she ever had before. It left him with more questions, and an even deeper desire to know her. But now wasn’t the time to follow those threads.

Now was the time for seduction.

Her face was already lifted toward his. Her lips parted, her eyes on his. Her tongue darted out, swiped against that full lower lip.

With a groan, he closed the distance and kissed her.





14


Sweet Jesus. Dimitri’s knees locked to absorb the impact. Would he ever be prepared for her kiss?

Natasha tasted like wine and spices, her mouth hot and ravenous under his. He cupped her face to hold her to him, then backed up until the edge of the granite counter hit his ass. Her slim fingers gripped the waistband of his jeans, sliding under fabric. He groaned, hardening as the backs of her nails teased his skin.

Touch her. He had to touch her. Needed to. He skimmed his hands down her body, and then brought them up again, to pull off her tank top. Underneath, she wore a lacy black bra.

He broke the kiss to run his fingertips along the frilly edges of the cups where they met her skin. “Is this new?”

“Uh-huh.” Eyes heavy-lidded and full of heat, she grabbed the back of his neck to draw him down for another kiss.

Natasha kissed like she was drowning, like he was the only one who could save her. She kissed with fire and bite, and a hint of desperation. Her kiss hooked him in every time. For a man who needed to be needed, it made him want to give her everything he had and more.

Sex was the only way she’d take it. Even now, she was only here in his kitchen because she had nowhere else to go.

He’d change that, though. He’d show her how it could be between them if she stayed.

“We shouldn’t,” she whispered against his mouth.

What the fuck? Yes, they should. He nipped at her chin, trailed his lips down the long, strong column of her neck and sucked at the delicate skin. “Why not?”

She slipped out of his arms. He reached for her, but she wasn’t going away. Instead, she slid down his body to kneel at his feet. Dimitri tipped his head back and groaned. His pants and boxers were down around his thighs in a matter of seconds. When it came to blow jobs, Natasha didn’t waste time, and he loved her for it.

Shit. Love? Too much. She was too goddamned much.

“New rule at the show.” Her breath puffed against his thigh, making the skin tingle, as she stroked his dick along her soft cheek.

“What show?” She was killing him. His brain was fried. What were they talking about?

“The Dance Off.” She licked along his length, curling her tongue around the head, and he gulped for air. Before he could ask her to elaborate, she sucked him into her mouth, and he didn’t care anymore.

Her cheeks hollowed out as she moved her mouth up and down his cock, using her hand to pump the base. He unclipped her hair and sank his hands into the riotous mass of spirals. Sensation zinged through him, his skin prickling, and he flexed his legs to keep his knees from buckling. This was going too fast, like always. If they didn’t slow down, he was going to prop her up on the kitchen counter and take her here and now.

“Tasha,” he panted out. “Kroshka.”

“Mmm?” She looked up at him, mouth full, his dick making one of her cheeks poke out. So fucking sexy.

He gave a shaky laugh and stroked her face. “Bedroom.”

Her gaze dropped to the floor and she slid him out of her mouth. “We shouldn’t.”

There were those words again. He hauled her up from the floor and pulled her in for a searing kiss.

“We should,” he whispered hotly against her mouth, and kissed her again, losing himself in the soft fullness of her lips.

When he pulled back and looked her in the eye, she nodded.

In that moment, they were closer than they’d ever been before. Vulnerability shone in her eyes, or maybe he was only seeing his own reflected there. Either way, he took a chance. “Because you can’t say no to me?”

Another nod, and she closed her eyes.

“Why, Tasha?”

Her reply was a mumbled, “I don’t know.”

He was too fired up to question her further. With a muttered curse, he kicked off his shoes and pants, leaving them on the kitchen floor. He grabbed the wine bottle and threw an arm around Natasha’s waist, hustling her into the bedroom.

They made quick work of their remaining clothing, then tumbled naked into his bed, kissing and drinking directly from the wine bottle until it was empty.

“This is a bad idea,” Natasha said as he leaned away to set the bottle on the nightstand.

“Stop saying that.” He scowled at her and crawled between her legs, pressing her into the pillows. “Sex is always a great idea.”

She propped herself up on her elbows to look at him. “They’re cracking down on backstage hookups.”

“We’re not backstage right now.”

It was solid logic, but from her glare, it was clear she disagreed. He tried again. “Hasn’t that always been an unspoken rule?”

“Yes, but now it’s been spoken out loud by my producer. If they find out I’m staying here . . . it won’t look good.” Her finely arched brows drew together, and he wanted to smooth them. He tried logic again.

“That never stopped you before.”

Her eyes went wide and her mouth flattened into a thin line. With me, he meant, but she shot her retort at him before he could explain.

“It never stopped you, either!”

He narrowed his eyes. Yeah, it was true for him, too, but he had a bone to pick with her about the previous season. Maybe it was all the wine coursing through him, but now seemed like a great time to bring it up.

Running his hand up her strong thighs, he settled his thumb into the sensitive spot below her hip bone, where leg met torso. “You fucked Jackson García.”

She tossed her hair, but he didn’t miss the sharp intake of breath when his thumb rubbed gently, circling closer to her pussy. “You fucked Lauren D’Angelo,” she shot back.

He lowered his head and teased the curve of her inner thigh with the tip of his tongue. “She thought it would help her get better scores.”

Her hips rocked as his mouth drew closer to her core. “Did it?”

He raised his head. “Did she win?”

“No.” She scowled and shoved his head back down into her lap.

Smothering a grin, he parted her folds with his thumbs and gazed openly at her. The attention made her squirm with anticipation, as it always did.

“Besides,” he said, leaning in. “It was only a blow job. And only once. She bit me.” He nipped her inner thigh with his teeth.

Natasha’s head fell back and she let out an unsteady chuckle. “Aww, but you like a little biting sometimes.”

Only when you do it, he wanted to say. Instead, he admitted, “Not that hard. And not where she did it.”

And then he stroked her clit with his tongue and she didn’t ask any more questions.

Dimitri wasn’t done, though. He had more he wanted to say, but he needed her pliant and gasping, desperate. He licked her seam, driving his tongue inside her, savoring her taste and her high-pitched little moans. He circled her clit with his tongue and teased her entrance with his fingers, but he didn’t give her the penetration he knew she wanted, and held back on letting her shatter.

When she was gasping and sobbing, her nails scrabbling at his shoulders in desperate need, he sheathed himself in a condom and moved up her body, notching himself against her.

She wriggled beneath him, arching and trying to take him in, but he held her hips down. He had questions he wanted answered.

“Macho,” she whispered, the closest she would ever come to begging.

He kissed her hard, nearly losing the battle of wills when she sucked on his tongue. He pulled back and demanded, “Why did you fuck Jackson?”

She shook her head, curls spilling out across the pillow, the sweet scent of figs threatening to overwhelm his resolve. “Why do you care?”

He slipped an arm beneath her and cupped the back of her neck. “Why, Tasha?”

When she didn’t answer, he flexed his hips, teasing her. She moaned and clutched his ass, trying to pull him into her.

“Tell me.” With her breasts pressed to his chest and her hot little body under his, his control was hanging by a thread. He had no right to ask. He’d had his fair share of women who weren’t her, and he knew she’d fucked other men. But Jackson had been the most recent that he knew of, and the most often on his radar. “I was coming to the club that night to see you. When I got there, you were leaving with him. Why?”

With a groan, she finally cried out, “Because he wasn’t you.”

He blinked.

“Are you happy?” She glared fiercely. “He wasn’t you. He was uncomplicated and easy and . . . goddammit, he never made me feel like this. Never.”

Dimitri’s heart leaped. “Like what? Feel like what?”

“Like I’m going to fucking explode if you don’t fuck me! Do it already. Dimitri, for the love of god, just put your fucking cock inside me and fuck me hard!”

With a powerful surge of his hips, he slammed into her.

She squeezed her eyes shut. “God, yes!”

They fucked until she was screaming his name and he was grinding his teeth to keep from coming. Then he pulled out and flipped over.

“Your turn,” he said. “Climb on.”

“We shouldn’t be doing this.” She panted, crawling over him. “I’m gonna lose my job.”

He rolled his eyes. Again with this. He wasn’t going to be able to convince her they were meant for each other if she was worrying about the stupid Dance Off.

“Stop thinking.” He lifted her by the hips and drove into her. She moaned and arched to take him deeper. “Ride me.”

She dug her nails into his chest, hard enough to leave marks, and took up the pounding rhythm.

Her long, lean body rose above him, skin dewy with sweat, cheeks flushed. Her hair was loose, the dark curls falling over her bouncing breasts and down her back. The scent of ginger surrounded him, and the way she bit her lower lip as she rode his cock captivated his attention.

She took his breath away. Having her here, in his home, in his bed . . . it was all he wanted. When she left . . .

If she left. He had to figure out a way to show her she had a place here. Asking about Jackson and making vague statements that could be about other women weren’t going to help his case.

If he wanted her to stay, he had to put his heart on the line. For her, he could do it.

But not tonight. Tonight, he had her right where he wanted her, and he’d already pushed enough.

He slid his hands up her torso and caressed her breasts, teasing the nipples with his thumbs, savoring her sigh of pleasure. He dropped one hand to where their bodies joined and repeated the motion on her clit.

“Yes,” she said on a gasp. “Yes, touch me, god, so close . . .”

When her pussy squeezed him, when her body shuddered, when her cries rang through the room, he let go of his control.

He squeezed his eyes shut as he came, but she was with him. Blanketing his body with hers, clutching his shoulders in her strong hands, lips teasing his earlobe as she whispered his name.

“Macho . . .”

He wrapped his arms around her. It was the perfect moment. If he had the guts, he’d ask her to stay, to live with him.

Silence settled around them.

He sighed, limbs leaden with exhaustion, alcohol, and disappointment. He didn’t have the strength to ask her. When he’d asked Juliette the same thing, she’d laughed. Her words still haunted him.

You didn’t think any of this was real, did you?

He’d vowed that night never to let himself get blindsided like that again. As much as he wanted Natasha, as much as his feelings for her were the real deal, her own were less clear. And until he was sure about her, he couldn’t put himself out there like that again.

Couldn’t put his heart out there like that again.

She stirred. “We should clean up.”

“Sure.”

He opened his arms and let her go.





15


In the grand scheme of things, waking up hungover in Dimitri’s bed wasn’t the biggest tragedy. After all, she’d done it plenty of times before.

Despite the pressure in her temples and general queasiness, Natasha couldn’t bring herself to regret the sex. Sex with Dimitri was always amazing. His rough and demanding demeanor masked attentiveness and a single-minded devotion to her pleasure. He always made sure she came first, usually multiple times. So, no, she never regretted having sex with him.

Still, they probably shouldn’t have done it a second time. But she’d gotten cold in the middle of the night and snuggled closer to him. And then he’d rolled over to pull her close, which was nice. She was all set to go back to sleep, warm and cozy, when his lips found her nipple. And then somehow her pussy found his dick, and they were at it again.

When her alarm went off in the kitchen, she leaped from the bed and muttered a prayer of thanks that the phone’s volume had been turned on. Dimitri murmured and tried to pull her back into bed, but she found the strength to evade him.

That was about as far as her good sense went, because she was halfway through her shower before she realized she was in Dimitri’s bathroom instead of her own down the hall, using Dimitri’s shampoo instead of her own.

Fucking great. She was going to smell like him all day. She might as well dig out one of his many half-full bottles of the no-longer-manufactured Archangel by Rogelio cologne and roll around in it. But then he’d spend the rest of the day obsessively searching for more online, and she didn’t want to do that to him.

It was a nice smell, though, she had to admit. Both on his skin and when it rubbed off on hers.

When she dashed through his bedroom in a towel, he rolled over in the bed. “Where are you going?” he mumbled sleepily.

“Work.” The hangover made it impossible to keep the bite out of her tone. She clutched the towel to her breasts in a tight grip. “I have work, Dimitri. Every day.”

He blinked at her from the bed, his expression soft and sleepy. “I don’t understand why you work so hard. Just come back to bed.”

Her body went numb, stunned by his carelessness. It took a few tries to get the words out. “Are you serious?”

He shrugged his broad shoulders. “You’ve got a good gig on the show—”

“Dimitri, you of all people should understand. Our lives and careers didn’t start off that differently. Or did you forget what it was like in the beginning?”

He sat up and opened his mouth, but she held up a hand. “Forget it. I’m running late. See you later.”

She ran from the room and down the hall to her own.

Carajo. No, not her room. The guest room.

She didn’t see him again as she left the house, speeding through traffic on the 10 to get to her first job, an early morning pole-dancing workout class.

From there, she had a packed day. Spin class, three back-to-back yoga classes, and an after-school ballet program guest-teaching gig with twenty teenage girls.

By the time she got to her five thirty “Soulsa” class—a workout that combined salsa dance and cardio—her head pounded, her feet dragged, and she was thoroughly sick of LA traffic.

California had a lot of advantages over New York City. Driving wasn’t one of them. Days like this, she missed the subway, even though she’d seen more than her fair share of crazy shit there.

But the ladies who showed up to this class looked to her to perk them up after a full day of working in various offices around the city, and they paid well to work with a celebrity instructor at a fancy gym. Better than some of her other gigs, anyway.

Natasha chowed down on yet another protein bar—her fourth that day—as the women filed in from the locker room. She waved and smiled, even though all she wanted to do was curl up on the floor and sleep.

She checked her phone one last time before plugging it into the sound system.

Nothing. No texts from Dimitri. Not a single one the entire day. It shouldn’t have bothered her, or surprised her, but each time she’d checked, her stomach sank a little further. It was currently somewhere near her ankles.

Sure, she would be back at his house tonight, and he wasn’t great about texting, but she’d thought after last night . . .

She swapped out her sneakers for dance shoes, then strode to the center of the room. Seriously, would it have fucking killed him to send a text? He’d fucked her brains out twice last night, and he knew she had a busy day. Was “Hey, how’s your day going?” really that fucking difficult?

Facing the mirror, she was met with her own grimace. Ay dios, she really had to get it together. She couldn’t let them know she was exhausted and hungover. Fixing a brilliant smile on her face, she clapped her hands, signaling that the class was about to begin.

“Buenas tardes, ladies,” she said, as she always did. “I hope you all had a good day at work.”

She was met with the usual grumbles.

“I know, I know. Don’t worry, we’ll turn this day around, starting now. Ready for warm-up music?”

A chorus of affirmatives. She sidled over to the speakers, turned on the playlist she’d queued up, and went back to the center of the room. A bumping rhythm poured out of the speakers. The mood in the room instantly lifted, and smiles beamed her way in the mirror’s reflection.

She smiled back. “Ready? Let’s begin.”

She stepped to the right—and kept going as her ankle rolled under her weight and she started to fall.

She was a dancer. Her body was finely attuned to its own movements, honed through years of practice and hard work. It knew when shit was going wrong. And now it was screaming at her.

Danger!

Adrenaline flooded her system, and she stumbled to right herself, slower than she would have if she were firing on all cylinders.

But she wasn’t. She was barely operating on half power.

Gasps echoed through the room as she pitched forward and caught herself against the mirror, her palms making a smacking sound as she hit.

Natasha blinked at her own reflection. What the hell had just happened?

Someone turned off the music. Two ladies ran forward to support her arms.

“Are you okay?” one of them asked.

“That looked really bad,” said the other.

“I’m fine.” Natasha pushed off from the mirror, her own voice sounding soft and far away, drowned out by the pounding of her heart in her ears. She put her right foot down to test her weight on it. “Just a stumble. I’m—Coño!”

Pain spiraled up her leg, blocking out her vision. She gritted her teeth and shifted all her weight to her left leg.

Motherfucker. Her ankle. Her fucking ankle.

She couldn’t stand on it. If she couldn’t stand, she couldn’t teach the class, if she couldn’t teach the class, she wouldn’t get paid . . .

Her thoughts swirled, jumping from couldn’t to couldn’t, all to avoid the one most important fact . . .

She. Couldn’t. Dance.

Concerned murmurs filled the room. The women sat her down. An ice pack was draped over her ankle, and she grimaced at the pain. Someone packed her things for her. Someone else called an ambulance.

“It’s fine,” she tried to say, waving them all away. “I’m fine.”

One of the women got in her face. “You are not fine. I’m a doctor, and you need to get this checked out.”

“I’ll drive—”

“You will not drive. Is there anyone we can call for you? Someone to meet you at the hospital?”

Too dazed to argue, Natasha unlocked her phone and handed it over. “Dimitri Kovalenko.” Before she could think too much about why she’d named Dimitri and not Kevin or Lori, she tilted her head back and closed her eyes. God, she missed Gina. “No media. Please.”

Someone patted her shoulder. “Cone of silence.”





16


Five minutes into the ambulance ride, Natasha’s ankle started to throb. By the time she was wheeled into the emergency room and put on a bed surrounded by curtains, it had swelled to three times its normal size and pain radiated up her leg.

After a nurse packed it in ice and assured her a doctor would be by “momentarily,” Natasha settled in for a long wait. It hurt like hell, but as it wasn’t in danger of falling off, she would be low on the ER’s priority list.

At least she had a bed. Exhaustion set in, overwhelming the anxiety. There was so much to worry about, but right then, sleep won and she drifted off.

“Natasha!”

She startled awake at the sound of her name. Lori’s worried face hovered inches above her own.

“Oh my god, are you okay?” Lori’s brows drew together and she gripped Natasha’s hand.

“I don’t know,” Natasha mumbled, shaking Lori off so she could sit up. How long had she been asleep? “I haven’t seen the doctor yet.”

Kevin stood on the other side of the bed. “How do you feel?”

Terrified probably wasn’t the answer he was looking for. “Um . . .” She glanced down at the ice pack on her ankle. “I don’t know. It hurts. Wait, what are you guys doing here?”

Lori rested her hip against the side of the bed. “Gina called us.”

Natasha blinked. Had she told Gina? Everything after the fall was a blur. “How did Gina know?”

“Dimitri called her.” Kevin’s voice was dark, and he stood with his arms crossed. “Why’d you call Dimitri and not us?”

Dios, she really wasn’t feeling well enough to lie to her friends right now, but the truth would require even more explanation of her failure, and she didn’t want to get into it. “Uh . . . I thought he’d be free.”

Kevin’s face said he wasn’t buying it. “You’ve been acting strange lately. Putting us off, canceling plans. What’s going on?”

She cut her gaze to Lori, who picked at the pilling on the hospital sheet. “We just care, Tash. That’s all.”

In a sudden burst of motion, Kevin planted a hand on the bed and leaned in. His voice dropped. “Did he do this to you? Did Dimitri hurt you?”

Wide-eyed, Natasha leaned away from his intensity. What the fuck? “No, Kev. I was teaching and I stepped wrong. That’s it. Happens to the best of us.”

He eased back, but his scowl remained.

“You’re going to be okay,” Lori said, patting Natasha’s hand. “You’re right. This stuff happens. And you still have a ton of time to recover before the next season starts.”

Natasha bit her lip. She didn’t have time to recover. She had classes to teach the very next day. Lori’s words brought up the fears she’d shoved back after the accident, and her mind spiraled into panic.

If she didn’t work, she wouldn’t get paid. If she didn’t get paid, she couldn’t move out of Dimitri’s house. If she didn’t move out, she’d lose her job on The Dance Off. If she lost her job, she’d have to move back to the Bronx to live with her mother . . .

And underneath all of it, If she couldn’t dance, her career was over.

This would be it for her. She hadn’t yet established herself enough to book big jobs as a choreographer. She might be able to supplement with acting and modeling jobs, but those were few and far between, and again, she wasn’t famous enough yet to command the big bucks.

Her ankle throbbed under the ice, mocking her, making her stare down the possibility of a future in which she was not a dancer.

If only she’d been paying more attention while she was teaching.

If she hadn’t been so tired . . .

If she hadn’t been hungover . . .

If she hadn’t stayed up all night with Dimitri or opened that second bottle of wine . . .

If she’d stuck to her rule . . .

If she hadn’t depleted her savings . . .

If she made better choices with money . . .

If, if, if. No amount of ifs would change the fact that right here, right now, her ankle was fucked up. And she still didn’t know how bad it was. A fine trembling rocked her chest, tightened her throat, as worry and fear fought to overtake her.

Her friends were quiet. Before she could figure out what to say to them, the curtain behind Kevin was yanked back, and Dimitri’s larger frame crowded into the space around the tiny hospital bed.

“Tasha!” Dimitri nearly knocked Kevin over in his rush to kneel by the bed and press a hand to Natasha’s cheek. His skin was warm, his dark hair in disarray. She leaned into his hand for just a second, as if she could absorb some of this strength.

“I’m sorry I wasn’t here sooner.” He stroked her cheek. “Traffic is a nightmare.”

In his other hand, he held a familiar bronze case.

She pointed. “Is that . . . ?”

“Oh, yeah.” He held it up. “I brought your glasses. And the stuff for your contacts. I didn’t know how long you’d be here, so I stopped at home on the way here to pick them up. I thought you might need them.”

“I . . . thank you.” The sweetness of the gesture tore into her, giving the fear a sharper edge. She was really going to cry, right here in front of all of them. It was too much. Dimitri’s creased brow, Kevin’s glare, Lori gnawing at her fingernails . . . They cared about her. They were here because they cared. But all of it was too much.

Piece by piece, she was falling apart inside. And despite how much they cared about her, she’d be damned if she let them see her destruction.

Dimitri came to her rescue, his gaze darting to her ankle. “What happened, Kroshka? The woman who called me, she didn’t say much.” He skimmed his hand down her leg, stopping short of the ice pack.

Natasha cleared her throat. “Dimitri, did you call Gina?”

He nodded, eyes still on her leg. His hand shook, like he wanted to examine her ankle further, but didn’t dare. “I was up in Malibu, otherwise I’d have been here sooner. I didn’t want you to be alone.”

She gritted her teeth against the tremble, hyper-aware of Lori and Kevin’s interested stares.

“What did the doctor say?” Dimitri asked.

“I don’t know. I haven’t seen one yet.”

“What?” He practically roared the word, and she winced. They were in a hospital, for god’s sake.

“Keep it down,” she whispered, catching Kevin’s darkening glare. She didn’t know what his problem was, but there were too many other things to worry about right now.

“This is ridiculous. I’m getting you a doctor.” Dimitri stormed away, and Natasha was left with her friends and her glasses case.

Exhaustion returned. Her eyes itched as tears receded. When she opened the glasses case, she found her contact lens container inside.

Kevin sucked his teeth. “Home?”

This was the last thing she wanted to talk about with them. She played dumb, even though it was useless, as she swapped out her contacts for glasses. “What?”

“Dimitri said ‘home.’ He ran home—his home, I’m guessing—to get your glasses.”

Lori straightened. “Kevin, where Natasha sleeps at night is her business—”

“I know that, and I’m not slut-shaming her. I’m trying to—”

“Then don’t ask a lady to kiss and tell!”

“He said home like it was their home, not like it was his, so I just—”

“Maybe she doesn’t want to tell us—”

“¡Cállate!” Natasha pressed her fingers to her temples. On top of the throbbing in her leg, her hangover headache worsened, taking up residence behind her eyes.

Bless Dimitri for bringing her glasses.

Lori perched on the edge of the bed and looked contrite. “Sorry. We’re just worried about you. And it seems like there’s something you’re not telling us.”

She was in too much pain to deny it anymore. “You’re right. I’m not.” They both stayed quiet, waiting for her to continue, so she sighed and explained. “A few days ago, my apartment had an emergency. I had to move out immediately. So, I’m staying with Dimitri for the time being while the building makes the repairs.”

There, that sounded simple enough.

But from the stormy expression on Kevin’s face, it wasn’t. “Natasha, if he did this to you—”

She threw her hands up. “Kevin, oh my god! Dimitri did not—”

The curtain was ripped back again. Everyone shut up as Dimitri crowded in, along with a short man in a white doctor’s coat and a pin that read “Dr. Ross.”

The doctor greeted her with a grin. “So, you’re on The Dance Off.”

Natasha flinched. “Please don’t tell the media.”

“Oh, I won’t.” Dr. Ross jerked a thumb over his shoulder at Dimitri. “This guy here promised me some photos and autographs for my wife and kids. They’re big fans.”

Dimitri practically vibrated with nerves. “I’ll come to your house and teach them to dance myself, if you want. Just fix my woman.” He made wild gestures at Natasha’s ice-packed foot.

His woman. That was new. She didn’t have time to think about it, though. Now that the doctor was here, she was subjected to a barrage of tests, expedited once the doctor and nurses found out she was a professional dancer and a celebrity.

Having four cast members of The Dance Off was a red-letter day for the ER. While Natasha was getting x-rays done, a nurse took Kevin and Lori to the pediatric floor to say hi to some of the kids. Dimitri stayed by Natasha’s side, and growled at anyone who tried to separate them. They signed a lot of autographs to make up for his behavior.

Finally, Natasha was back in her bed, surrounded by Kevin, Lori, Dimitri, and Dr. Ross.

“The good news is nothing is broken,” Dr. Ross began, consulting a tablet. “The bad news is, you have a pretty severe sprain. It doesn’t look like you’ll need surgery on the ligaments, but you’ll have to stay off it.”

Natasha blinked. She couldn’t be hearing him correctly. “But I have to work.”

“Does work involve sitting down with your ankle iced and propped up?”

The sarcasm was almost lost on her. “I’m a dancer—”

“And if you want to stay a dancer, you’ll stay off the ankle.” Dr. Ross gave her a sympathetic smile, but his tone was firm. “If you don’t want the problem to worsen, give it a rest. If you push it and don’t give it time to heal, you’ll run into more problems later on. You know how it goes.”

She did. She’d been injured before. But never when her livelihood was in such jeopardy.

“Tell me everything we need to know about taking care of her,” Dimitri demanded.

Dr. Ross gave him a measured look. “Are you her husband?”

“What? No. We live together.”

Dr. Ross held up his hands. “Ah, my mistake. No judgment implied.”

“It’s temporary,” she mumbled as Dimitri and Dr. Ross stepped out to get materials about treatment and rehab.

Kevin and Lori exchanged a look across the hospital bed. Kevin voiced the question written on both their faces. “Why didn’t you ask to stay with one of us?”

Natasha pushed her glasses up and rubbed her eyes. “I didn’t want to inconvenience you. Dimitri called while I was figuring it out, and he offered his guest room. But now with this new rule from the show . . . it’ll look bad no matter who I’m staying with, so this falls under DTD territory.”

“Don’t tell Donna,” Lori whispered.

“Right. I’ve also got all these side jobs right now, and it was just easiest to pack a few things and stay with Dimitri.”

“Do you need help covering the classes?” Lori asked. “I’m certified for a bunch of stuff.”

“I can cover some, too,” Kevin added.

Natasha opened her mouth to tell them no, it was too generous, then forced herself to shut it. They cared. They wanted to help. She searched their faces, looking for signs of obligation, but their offer seemed in earnest. “Really?”

“Of course.” Kevin’s usual grin was back.

Natasha smiled at him. “The ladies in my Soulsa class will never want me to come back if you teach it.”

He shrugged. “We’ll work it out. Text us your calendar and just tell us when and where we should go.”

The trembling feeling was back. She bit her lip to stop the quiver and nodded. There were still some classes she’d have to find specialized teachers for, but if Kevin and Lori could truly cover the majority of them . . .

She’d still lose out on the money, but at least she wouldn’t have to quit the jobs entirely. Maybe this would be a quick recovery time. She’d stay in bed tomorrow and—

Dimitri returned, clutching a sheaf of printouts on green paper.

“How many days?” she asked.

“At least seventy-two hours. Then we’ll see how you’re doing.”

Natasha gaped at him. “That’s three whole days!”

Lori rubbed her shoulder. “Don’t worry, Tash. Kevin and I don’t have any gigs right now. We’ll cover for you.”

Three days with no pay. At least. “Thanks, guys.” She should sound more grateful, but reality was setting in. The longer she was out of work, the longer she’d have to stay with Dimitri. And the more people who knew she was living there, the higher the chances of Donna finding out. Natasha had been careful not to let anyone photograph her in the hospital, but things got out.

“I got them to prescribe you the strong stuff,” Dimitri said, helping her out of bed and into the wheelchair brought by a nurse.

“Good.” She was going to need it.





17


First stop, pharmacy.

“I switched out the Porsche for the X3 when I stopped to get your glasses,” Dimitri said over his shoulder to Natasha, propped up in the back seat of the SUV with her right leg stretched out on the bench to keep her ankle up.

“Mmm. Thanks for that, by the way.” She’d taken the glasses off and was holding them in her lap, eyes closed.

“The nurse called ahead, so your prescription should be waiting when we get there.”

“I heard you the first time you said it.”

His face cracked in a smile, the first since he’d received the call that she was injured.

Natasha. Ambulance. Hospital.

That was all he’d gotten from the call. He didn’t know who’d made it, and he didn’t care. He’d called Gina from the car, since she would be able to reach Natasha’s other friends and family. Home had been on the way to the hospital, so he’d made a quick stop there, then broken all kinds of traffic laws to reach her.

Seeing her in the hospital bed like that, looking tired and wan, dark bruises spreading over her swollen foot and up her leg . . . He’d wanted to gather her tight in his arms. Fuck whatever anyone else thought. The fear and worry had been tempered by crushing relief. She was awake. She was alert. She was mostly okay. The urge to touch her had been overwhelming, and he’d only held back by diving into action and harassing the staff.

Nothing broken, the doctor had said. Likely not even a ligament tear, but just in case, she had to stay off it.

She wouldn’t like that.

Dimitri grinned and shot a glance at her in the rearview mirror. Lucky for her, she had someone who would take very, very good care of her.

After a quick trip into the pharmacy, he opened the back door. “Hey.”

Her eyelids fluttered. After a moment, she gave him a bleary-eyed stare. “¿Qué pasa?”

“Got your meds.” He held up the container and shook it.

“Dios te bendiga.” She stretched out a hand toward him, palm up. “Dame las drogas.”

He laughed and shook out the pills, checking the instructions on the side. “When was the last time you ate?”

At her bland stare, he cursed and wrestled a box of protein bars out of the plastic bag. “I knew it. Here, eat this.”

She scrunched up her face in a way that was really cute and rubbed a hand over her eyes. “Ay, Macho, no los quiero I don’t want those.”

“Stick to Spanish, sweetheart.” She had to be exhausted and in pain. It was easier at those times to slip into your first language. “I’ll figure it out. And you’re going to eat one, or you’ll kill your stomach. These pills say to take them with food.”

She grumbled, but took the protein bar he’d ripped open. He waited until she’d taken three bites, then handed her the pills and a large bottle of water.

“Keep eating that, and drink the water. I’ll drive us home.” He closed the back door and climbed into the driver’s seat. When he looked back at her, her eyes were closed.

“Tasha . . .”

“Hmm?”

“You’re going back to sleep, aren’t you?”

“Mm-hmm.”

“Eat another bite. Please.”

With a heavy sigh, she lifted the protein bar and shoved half of it in her mouth. “Only because you said please,” she mumbled with her mouth full. Her eyes drifted shut again as she chewed. “Take me home?”

His heart squeezed. Damn, he was so in love with her. Didn’t she know he’d give her anything she asked? “Of course, Kroshka.”

Her lips curved. “Gracias.”

When he pulled up to his house, he parked in the driveway, angling so he could bring her in through the front door. First, he ran to open it and disable the security system, then he went back and carefully opened the door she was propped up against.

He’d expected her to put up a fight when he attempted to carry her, but she poured into his arms, body limp. He was carrying her through the living room before she managed to rouse herself enough to complain.

“I can walk,” she said, slurring.

He barked out a laugh. “Uh, no. You can’t. Your ankle looks like a cantaloupe.”

“What?” She made an effort to lift her head. “Everything’s blurry.”

“Your glasses are in the car.”

“Where are my contacts?”

“You took them out.”

“Oh.” Her head lolled on his shoulder. “Wait. Stop.”

He paused. “What is it, Kroshka?”

She lifted a limp hand and pointed. “My room is that way. No, not my room.” Her forehead scrunched and she pouted. “Nik’s room. The room. Guest room, I mean.”

“You’re so cute.” He kissed her forehead and continued toward his own room.

“This is your room.” Even her mutter sounded accusatory.

“Oh, so you can see.” He gently deposited her onto his bed.

“I can smell.” She tapped the side of her nose and nearly poked herself in the eye. “It smells like you in here.”

He quirked an eyebrow at her. “Yeah? What do I smell like?”

“Delicious.” She rocked her head side to side on his pillow. “Like that stupid cologne you’re always searching the internet for.”

He snorted, concentrating on making her comfortable in the bed. “It’s my signature scent. I can’t help it if it was discontinued. Trust me, I’ve contacted the designer many times. He’s on the verge of a restraining order.”

“You’re so stubborn.”

“I never said I wasn’t. Sit tight.” After grabbing extra pillows from the hall closet and ice packs from the freezer, he propped up her ankle, bandaged tightly by the nurse.

“Stop it,” she told him.

“Stop what?”

“Taking care of me.”

His hands stilled. In a quiet voice, he said, “It’s what I do.”

She didn’t realize it, but she’d just hit at the heart of who he was. It was all he wanted from life, to have the means to take care of those he cared for most. His parents, his brother, some extended family, and her. He would give her everything, if she let him. If she asked.

He still wasn’t sure where they stood, and as badly as he wanted to keep her in his life, he couldn’t tell her. Not until he was sure.

“Don’t. I’ll take care of myself.”

“You can barely keep your eyes open.”

She opened them now, comically wide. “Yes, I can.”

“You can’t walk.”

“I—” She shut her mouth. “Where are my crutches? I know they gave you some.”

“They’re in the car. You don’t get them until you promise not to go hobbling around unnecessarily. Doctor said you have to keep your ankle elevated and stay off it.”

She narrowed her eyes at him. “You’re pissing me off.”

Good. Maybe if he annoyed her enough, she’d let him past her walls. He shrugged. “Just looking out for you. Someone has to.”

Her expression turned fierce. “No. I need to take care of myself.”

Need to? That was interesting. He sat on the edge of the bed. “Why?”

“I just—I just do. I have to do it on my own.” She turned her face away from him and covered it with her arm.

Dimitri stroked her good leg and waited, hoping she’d say something else. When she didn’t, he got to his feet. “Stay here. I’m going to get the other things from the car.”

Her voice was muffled. “What about my car? It’s still at the gym.”

“I sent a couple guys from the restaurant to get it. It should be here soon.”

“Oh.” Her voice was small. “Thanks.”

“Anything you need, Tasha. I’ll do it.”

She sighed.

Dimitri went back out to the car and parked it in the garage. Okay, so she was still holding back. It was bad that she was injured, but at least now, she couldn’t get away from him. Before she was back on her feet, he’d get to the bottom of her feelings for him.

And then he’d know, one way or the other.





18


If Dimitri didn’t stop coddling her, Natasha was going to murder him.

After she fell asleep in his bed, he woke her up and forced her to eat leftovers from the night before, watching to make sure she didn’t go back to sleep until the plate was clean.

Shit, had it been only yesterday that Dimitri had seduced her in the kitchen? Only yesterday that she’d broken her “no sex” rule? It seemed like ages ago now.

She stopped arguing with him about being in his bed. Anyway, the crutches were out of reach, and his bed was bigger. But when he insisted on carrying her into his master bathroom, she balked. He did it anyway, but she bitched at him the whole time.

“Dimitri, I’ve been injured before. I’m a dancer. It happens. Let me take care of myself.”

“Your version of taking care of yourself will land you back in the hospital,” he shot back. “You don’t know how to sit still.”

She growled, but the painkillers were still going strong, and it was easier to just go back to sleep. She didn’t even care that he was in the bed beside her.

The next morning, her ankle was killing her. He insisted on carrying her into the bathroom again while she heaped Spanish curses upon him.

He only laughed and waited outside the toilet stall. When she was back in the bed, he rewrapped her ankle, clucking over it like una viejita, and packed it in new ice packs. He brought her breakfast and would have fed it to her if she’d let him, but since she hadn’t taken her meds yet, she was in a fighting mood and snatched the plate away from him.

As the painkillers were kicking in, he kissed her forehead and placed her phone next to her. “I have to stop by the restaurant for a few hours. You should call Gina.”

She shook her head, eyes falling shut. He lifted her glasses off her face. From her left came a soft tap as he set them on the bedside table.

“Why not?” he asked.

“Why not what?” Talking was hard.

“Why not call Gina? She’s your best friend. She said she hasn’t heard from you in a while.”

“Macho, did you tell Gina I’m living here?”

“I told her you’re staying with me while you heal. She doesn’t know you were already here.””

Natasha groaned and snuggled into the pillow. “Gina’s got her own life now. I don’t want to bother her. And I need to handle shit on my own. I can’t keep leaning on her.”

His fingers smoothed over the hair at her temple. The gesture was soothing and almost too sweet. She wanted to tell him to stop, but what came out instead was, “That feels nice.”

He kissed her again, on the cheek this time, his lips lingering and his “signature scent” surrounding her.

As the painkillers drew her under, his voice was the last thing she was aware of.

“You can lean on me.”

It would be nice, but no. She couldn’t. She had to prove she could make it on her own.

“I’m sorry,” she whispered. And then she was out.

The phone ringing next to her head startled her out of a deep sleep. She swiped it on and held it to her ear, gritting her teeth at the pain that radiated up her leg. The meds were wearing off. What the hell time was it? She felt around for her glasses.

“Natasha?”

Shit, it was her mother.

“Hola, Mami.” She gave up on the glasses and closed her eyes. Where was Dimitri? Not that she wanted his help, but he was the only one who knew where her pills were.

Esmeralda barreled on in Spanish. “Gina called. She said you’re hurt?”

“Just a sprained ankle. I’ll be fine.” Madre de dios, this was the last fucking thing she needed right now.

“Are you still going to be on the show? You can’t dance if you’re injured.”

“It’s not that bad, and I still have time before the show starts. Don’t worry.”

“Okay, because I haven’t bought my plane tickets yet, and if you’re not going to be in the show, I won’t buy them.”

Was this woman for real? This was about her stupid trip? God, she was so selfish.

Natasha gritted her teeth in an attempt to keep her tone measured. “I’m fine. I just have to stay off it for a few days.”

“Where are you? How are you going to do anything if you can’t walk?”

“I’m staying with a friend.”

“Who?”

Carajo. “Just a friend.”

The silence was full of disapproval.

“You’re staying with a man, aren’t you?”

“Ma, please—”

“You never listen to anything I say, but I’ll tell you, this is a bad idea. Why do you think he’s taking care of you? He wants one thing. That’s all they ever want. You can’t rely on men.”

“This is temporary—”

“¿Claro que sí? Well, what do I know. I’m just your mother. It’s not like I’ve ever been lied to by a man before.”

Natasha rolled her eyes and bit back a sigh of disgust. When her mother got sarcastic, she turned downright nasty.

“You’ve chosen a hard life. I tried to warn you away from it, but no, you insisted on being a dancer. What happened, it got too hard and you’re looking for a man to make it easier?”

“No, Mami.” Natasha rubbed at the headache forming behind her brows. “You have it all wrong.”

“We’ll see about that. You always did look for the easy way out.”

Natasha opened her mouth to dispute that she’d worked her ass off to get here, then shut it. To get where? Here in Dimitri’s bed with a busted ankle and an embarrassing number of dollars in her bank account?

“Well, heal quickly. Let me know if I should cancel my trip.”

Of course, why should she come to Los Angeles if she wasn’t going to get tickets to the premiere? Why would she come just to visit her daughter? “Seguro.”

An awkward silence stretched between them. Before Esmeralda could say something else shitty, Natasha brought it to an end. “Ciao.”

She hung up.

Natasha tossed the phone into the blankets and squeezed her eyes shut. The truth burned through her. Esmeralda was right. She was a failure. She’d ridden Gina’s coattails through school, their troupe work afterward, and out to Los Angeles. The only reason she had a place to stay now and someone to help her with her ankle was because she was fucking him.

He was being so sweet, though. Thinking to call her friends, bringing her glasses to the hospital, taking care of her . . .

Well, he wasn’t a monster. They were things any decent fuck buddy would do. They didn’t amount to anything more than that, didn’t equate to real feelings.

She threw an arm over her face as tears threatened, hot and intrusive. She didn’t have time to cry, to indulge in hurt feelings because her mommy didn’t love her and the guy she adored would never commit. Yeah, her ankle throbbed like a motherfucker, but that wasn’t a reason to cry, either. She should use this time wisely, like reaching out to people who could cover her other classes or lining up apartment visits. She was running out of time to find a new place to stay.

Turning her head to the side, a blurry orange shape caught her eye. She squinted, and just made out her bottle of meds on the nightstand, next to a water bottle. And her glasses.

Her heart melted a little. Bless him. He’d left everything she needed within reach, so she wouldn’t have to get up.

Slipping on her glasses, she picked up her phone and sent one text.

Hey, I know it’s been a while, but I have a favor to ask. I’m teaching a pole-dancing workout class and I busted my ankle. Can you cover?

She added the necessary details and sent it.

And then, because it was all too much, she took another dose of painkillers and went back to sleep.





19


Natasha was cute when she was angry, and as cabin fever set in, she was plenty pissed. Dimitri had never seen this side of her, and he liked it. It meant she was getting more comfortable around him.

By the third day of her confinement, she was moving around with the crutches, and he’d set her up in the living room so he could talk to her from the kitchen. She sat on the sofa with both feet propped on an ottoman, complaining about the state of the LA housing market.

“How the hell do they get away with charging this much? That isn’t even a legal bedroom. It doesn’t have windows.” She muttered about comemierdas and went back to clicking.

Dimitri poured ice into the blender for the piña coladas. Natasha claimed her ankle didn’t hurt as much, so she’d downgraded from the “horse tranquilizers” the hospital had prescribed, and was on regular painkillers. Still, he was making the drinks without alcohol. “I told you, you don’t need to look for a place right away.”

“I do. I can’t be living here when the show starts.”

Before he could question her further, he heard a car pull up in front of the house. Damn, he really needed to fix the gate. He shot Natasha a quizzical look. “Expecting anyone?”

“No.” She moved to get up, but he gestured for her to stay and went to look out the front windows.

“It’s a goddamn red Tesla. Who do you know who drives a red Tesla?”

“Oh. That’s Kevin.”

Kevin Ray, The Dance Off’s number-one star dancer. Dimitri had known him for years, through the industry and through the show. They weren’t friends, but Kevin was friendly with everyone, so his behavior at the hospital had been weird. He hadn’t imagined Kevin’s dark glares.

“Why is he here?”

Natasha shrugged and set her laptop aside. “I don’t know. Checking on me, I guess. I’ve had my phone off.”

“Really? Why?”

She avoided his gaze. “Too many texts and calls.”

Dimitri opened the front door and greeted Kevin as he walked up the front steps. “Hey, man. Welcome.”

Kevin gave him a nod and an assessing glance. “Hey, D. How’s it going? Is Tash here?”

“She is.”

Kevin raised his eyebrows. “Can I see her?”

Dimitri’s protective instinct rose up, and for a second, he was tempted to block the doorway and question Kevin further. Instead, he stepped back. “Come in.”

Kevin’s face broke into his signature grin when he saw Natasha. “There’s my girl.” He kissed her on the cheek and dropped onto the sofa next to her. “How’s the gimp leg?”

Dimitri bristled. Who the fuck did this guy think he was? He closed the front door with more force than was necessary and stalked back into the kitchen. “You want a piña colada?” he tossed out as he passed.

“Huh? Oh, sure.” Kevin gave him a thumbs-up.

Fake-ass bastard. Dimitri wasn’t buying it. He pulled out a bottle of rum. He’d need it to get through this “visit.”

He leaned on the bar while Kevin and Natasha gossiped about the industry and other dancers, offering a few comments here and there. When Kevin asked how Gina was doing, Natasha gave a general response and changed the subject.

Hmm. Something was going on there. Dimitri would’ve bet money she hadn’t called Gina, even though he’d suggested it. And her phone was off? That was weird, too. Natasha lived with her phone glued to her hand.

They were talking about auditions. Kevin was up for a few roles, and he was regaling Natasha with the details.

Dimitri turned around so he could roll his eyes without being seen. This guy was such a blowhard. But he was Natasha’s friend, and he’d stepped in to cover some of her jobs while she was injured. He couldn’t hate him.

But he could be pissed that Kevin threw his arm over Natasha’s shoulders, like it belonged there.

When Natasha yawned for the fifth time, Dimitri intervened. “Time to go,” he told Kevin. “She’s tired, and too polite to say so.”

Dimitri didn’t miss the way Kevin’s eyes narrowed at him, but his expression was full of genuine concern when he turned back to Natasha. “You gonna be okay?”

“Yeah.” She gave him a reassuring smile and patted his knee. “I’ve got the most overprotective nursemaid in Los Angeles watching over me to make sure my ankle heals properly. I’ll be good.”

“Let me know if you need anything.” Kevin bussed her cheek and got to his feet. “Even if it’s just to talk.”

“I will. Ciao.”

Dimitri had already opened the front door and was waiting for Kevin to leave. When the other man walked past him, he bumped him with his shoulder.

Oh, this fucker was asking for it. Instead of closing the door, Dimitri followed Kevin outside.

“You got a problem, man?” You didn’t grow up in Brooklyn as a dancer without being able to fight. Dimitri had never had issues with Kevin before, but clearly the guy had a problem with him.

“Yeah, I do.” Kevin’s light eyes were hard as he rounded on Dimitri. “I don’t think you’re good for her, and I can’t help but wonder why the hell she’s staying here with you instead of with one of her friends.”

“You sure that’s the only reason you’re getting up in my face?” Dimitri shot back. “Because she’s your friend?”

“Yeah, asshole. Unlike you, I know how to be friends with women and respect them.”

“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?”

“It means you’re a user. You use women and don’t give a fuck about them. If you think Lauren didn’t talk about you, you’re an even bigger idiot than I already thought you were.”

“Lauren has a big mouth and she’s a liar.”

Kevin shrugged. “Both are true, but she’s not the only one who talks. You’ve got a rep. I care about Natasha—yes, as a friend. And I don’t like seeing my friends taken advantage of.”

“I’m not taking advantage of her.” Dimitri spoke through gritted teeth, clenching his fists and struggling with the urge to punch Kevin’s handsome mug. “I’m taking care of her, because I care about her.”

Kevin snorted. “Sure. Okay.”

“I do.”

“You have a funny way of showing it, stringing her along like you do.”

Dimitri shook his head. “I don’t have to explain our relationship to you.”

“Relationship?” The asshole laughed. “I didn’t realize it was a relationship when you both see other people.”

Fuck this guy, but he wasn’t wrong. “That was before.” The excuse rang hollow, even in his own ears.

Kevin held up his hands and took a step back, toward the car. “Whatever you say, dude. Just be straight with her, all right? Don’t be a douche.”

Dimitri seethed while Kevin climbed into the car. Part of him wanted to drag the guy back and have it out, right there in the driveway. The other part wanted to drill him for details. Maybe Natasha had said something about him.

Chert. He wouldn’t stoop so low as to ask her friends for dirt. It was time he grew a pair and got to the bottom of this himself.





20


Dimitri stormed back into the house, and stopped short in the doorway. Panic flooded his body.

Natasha was crying.

“What’s wrong?” He flew to her side, nearly knocking over a standing lamp. “Are you hurt? Is it your ankle?”

Natasha pushed her glasses up on her forehead to wipe at her eyes. “No, it’s not my ankle. I’m just . . . never mind. Go away.”

“No.” Settling on the sofa beside her, he lifted a hand and rubbed at the tear tracks on her cheeks. “Kroshka, please. Tell me what’s wrong. Tell me so I can fix it.”

When she shook her head, he jerked a thumb at the door. “Was it Kev? You want me to go after him and break his legs?”

She pressed her lips together to stifle a snicker. “If you say, ‘I know a guy,’ I’m hobbling out of here. I refuse to be an accomplice to anything.”

“I won’t say it then.” He leaned in close and cupped her cheek. “Tell me why you’re crying.”

Her lip trembled, and desperation churned his gut.

She sniffled. “I guess it kinda was Kevin.”

His jaw tightened. “I knew it. That guy’s a dick.”

“No, he’s not. He’s just so fucking successful.” She spat the word out like it was a curse. “Did you hear? He has three film roles coming up. Three!”

She threw her hands in the air and let her head fall back against the couch, speaking and gesturing against the ceiling.

“Jobs just fucking fall into his lap, and all he does is smile and laugh, and everyone loves him. If he weren’t my friend, I’d hate him.”

She was talking fast, which wasn’t a problem, since Dimitri talked fast, too, but he was having trouble following the logic. “You’re crying because . . . Kevin’s going to be in movies?”

Her chin quivered, but she scowled. “Yes. I guess so.”

“Are you . . . happy for him?”

She glared at him. “Of course, I am. But I’m also pissed.”

Ah. He got it. “You’re jealous,” he said, proud that he’d figured it out.

Her eyebrows shot up. “Excuse me?”

Shit, he’d said the wrong thing. But she was off again before he could get a word in.

“I’m not jealous, I’m just . . . you know what, sure, fine, let’s say I am. I’m not, but if I were jealous, I’d have every right to be.” She ticked things off on her fingers. “Gina’s living her dream, headlining a Broadway show, and she’s got a hunky man along for the ride who worships the ground she walks on.” She ticked another finger. “Kevin is getting job offers left and right, and yet he always seems to have free time. I don’t understand it. I work my ass off, I’m tired all the time, and I never have any money.”

Dimitri had a theory about that, but figured now wasn’t the time to bring up her financial practices.

“Three, my life is falling the fuck apart.”

He swung an arm around the back of the sofa and leaned in, trying for a boyish grin. “On the plus side, you get to spend more time with me.”

Again, that glare. What did it say about him that he found it sexy when she glared at him?

But the tears gathered again on her lashes. Before he could brush them away, she shook her head angrily.

“I’m a goddamn failure, and soon, everyone will know it.”

Alarm made him sit up straight. “What do you mean?”

She gestured at her leg, then around the room. “Look at me. I’m a screw-up. The only times I’ve ever managed to take care of myself were when Gina was around. As soon as she’s gone, I lost my car, my apartment, my money, and now . . .” Her breath hitched. “If I can’t dance, it’s all over.”

Her words triggered his protective instinct, even though in this case, he was defending her from herself. “You’re not a screw up. You’ve had some bad luck, exacerbated by the fact that you’re working yourself into the ground.” He pointed at her ankle. “This happened because you’re working too hard.”

She sucked in a breath. “This happened because I was up all night with you!”

He shook his head. “That was probably the best sleep you had in weeks. For once, you turned your brain off, and let yourself be in the moment. This is your body’s way of telling you to sit your ass down.”

“I need to work,” she said through her teeth. “If I don’t work, I can’t find a place to live, and if I can’t move out of here, I lose my job at the show.”

“Like I said, there’s no rush to move out. No one needs to know—”

“Kevin and Lori know. Everyone who was in that emergency room knows. It’s only a matter of time, and there’s that stupid new rule—”

He waved it away. “I don’t care about their rules.”

“That’s all well and good for you. You’re a judge and a movie star. I’m just another dancer trying to make it in this town, and I will not go back to—” She clamped her mouth shut.

“To what?” he pressed.

She shook her head. “Nothing. I just . . . I have to be able to dance. That’s all there is to it.”

“Or what?”

That caught her off-guard. She gave herself a shake.

“What do you mean, or what?”

He leaned back and spread his hands wide. “What if you can’t dance?”

Her mouth fell open, and the expression on her face was so full of hurt, he wanted to take the words back. But it was something she had to deal with, something every dancer had to confront after an injury. He felt like an ass for saying it, but he added, “Who are you if you’re not a dancer?”

She choked on a sob. “I . . . I don’t know . . .”

He rubbed her arm. “It’s okay, it’s just something to think—”

“Nothing.” She smacked her hands down on her thighs. Her lips were set in a tight line, like her fate was decided and there was no arguing. “I’m nothing if I’m not a dancer. Just a giant idiot for thinking I could do this.”

“Hey, stop it.” He trailed his hand up to the base of her neck and tried to massage her there, but she shook him off. “You’re not an idiot. You’re not nothing.”

“Dancing is all I’ve ever tried to do.” She dashed at the tears falling from her eyes. “But I’m a complete failure.”

“You’re on one of the top ten network TV shows,” he reminded her. “How is that failing?”

“I got it because of Gina. She found the audition for Everybody Dance Now. They liked us because we were friends, and we moved to The Dance Off together for the same reason. She found our apartment, she made sure our bills were paid, she—”

“Okay, so your friend helped you out, and you’re bad at managing money. You can learn. I’ll help you.”

“No. I need to stop getting help from people. I have to do it on my own.”

“Damn it, why won’t you let people help you? Why won’t you let me help you?”

Startled, she met his gaze. Her dark eyes sparkled, and he wanted so badly to kiss her until she stopped crying and forgot all these ridiculous notions about not accepting his help.

“I don’t want your help,” she whispered.

“For god’s sake, why not?”

For a second, it seemed like she wouldn’t answer. And then she blurted out, “Because I don’t know why you’re giving it! Or I do, and it’s not a good enough reason. And I need to make it on my own. I have to prove I can do it, that I can be a success as a dancer. That’s all that matters.”

“Why the hell are you so stuck on this? It’s not about the end result, Tasha—”

“That’s really easy for someone in your position to say.” She waved her arms. “Look at this house. You’ve done it. Kevin’s done it. Now Gina’s done it, and I’m the fuck-up left behind.”

“Stop saying that about yourself.” He was done listening to her berate herself. “You’re hard-working and you have incredible talent. You were born to dance. And I’m not going to listen to you call yourself an idiot just because no one ever taught you to manage your money.”

“I am.” She let out a shaky breath and ducked her head. “I’m so stupid for thinking I could do this on my own.”

“No, you’re only stupid for pushing away the people who want to help you.”

She lifted her head and gave him an offended look. “Did you just call me stupid?”

“No.” Except he had. Chert. He rushed to explain. “I mean, you called yourself stupid first.” Damn it, that was worse. “But you’re not. You’re amazing. And you’re going to let me help you, because you’re smart. I mean, what the hell, Tash? If you were stupid, would I be in love with you?”

Her eyes grew round, the whites visible all around them. Her eyebrows shot up on her forehead, high and arched.

He blinked. Shit. Had he just said that? Yes, he really had. Well, no taking it back now.

“Yeah, I said it.” He shrugged. “Don’t make a big deal about it. We’re not changing the subject.”

She grabbed the crutches and struggled off the sofa.

“Whoa, there. Where are you going?”

“Bed. I’m tired. Goodnight.”

“Are you serious?” He snatched the crutches and tossed them out of reach. “I just said I love you and you’re running away?”

“You said not to make a big deal about it. So, I’m not. Besides, it’s not true.”

He reared back. “What the hell do you mean, it’s not true? It damn well fucking is.”

She covered her face and shook her head. “No. It’s not.”

“Why did I say it, then?”

“To be nice. You’re trying to make me feel better.”

At that, he laughed. “When have you ever known me to say anything just to be nice?”

She side-eyed him and didn’t answer.

“Natasha—”

“Stop. You don’t love me. No one does. Maybe you think you do, because the sex is great, or you like having someone here you can bang whenever you want, but that’s not love.”

He shoved a hand though his hair, exasperated. “What is love, then?”

“I don’t know. Not that.”

Quiet fell between them. Dimitri pinched the bridge of his nose. It was happening again. He’d put his heart on the line, and was being rejected. But it wasn’t happening how he’d feared. He’d imagined her laughing at him, assuring him that this was just another affair, no need to make things serious.

Tasha hadn’t done that. Instead, she doubted his feelings for her. Doubted her own worthiness of them.

How the hell did he combat that? Especially when he’d done everything in his power to maintain their no-strings relationship out of his own fear of being hurt. He’d cemented a situation where she couldn’t believe in him.

Words weren’t going to fix this. He had to prove his feelings to her.

Sliding one arm under her knees and the other around her back, he lifted her from the sofa.

“What are you doing?” Her voice was dull, and tired.

“Putting you to bed.”

“Put me in my own bed, please.”

“No.”

She sighed, but didn’t argue, like she hadn’t expected him to agree.

After he got her settled in his bed with her foot propped up, he placed her phone on the nightstand beside her.

“Call Gina,” he said.

She shook her head. “She’s busy. I don’t want to bother her.”

“She’s your best friend. She’s not too busy for you.”

Another sigh. “Tomorrow.”

He nodded. “Fine.”

He shut the bedroom door behind him and headed for his office on the other side of the house. He needed time alone to sort out what had just happened, and he suspected she did, too.

The question he’d asked her had stuck with him. It was something one of his coaches had once confronted him with, back when he was on the ballroom dance circuit.

Who are you if you aren’t a dancer?

Dimitri went to one of the shelves in the corner of the room and pulled down a large three-ring binder. Taking it to his desk, he opened it and sat to flip through the pages.

Printed pictures of costumes, set design concepts, song lists, and choreography notes packed the binder and strained the rings. Alex laughed at him, said he should “go paperless” and make everything in the binder digital. There was something called “Pinterest” that made it easier.

Dimitri didn’t care. He’d had this binder since he was a teenager. Since before Aliens Don’t Dance. Between these two peeling plastic covers lived all his ideas, no matter how big or small, organized by old-school dividers with brightly colored tabs.

Who was he if not a dancer?

A creator. And someday he’d have the wealth, the reputation, the fame, and the clout, to bring his ideas to life.

Before, he’d been young, full of more bluster and enthusiasm than common sense. He’d made his move too early, and despite critical acclaim, his show had flopped.

This time, when he tried again, he wouldn’t make a move until he was sure

it would be an unequivocal success.





21


Natasha woke in the middle of the night from a dream—nightmare, really—where she’d slept through all the next day’s gigs. It didn’t take a psychotherapist to figure out she was stressed about missing so much work.

The room was dark and cool. Next to her, Dimitri’s slow, even breathing and solid presence soothed her, even as her thoughts skittered away from the memory of his earlier words.

Even as she tried to forget them.

If you were stupid, would I be in love with you?

As far as romantic declarations went, it was pretty flimsy. Also, it was a hypothetical. He started with if, and continued with would I. So, to follow it to its logical conclusion, she was stupid, and Dimitri was not in love with her.

Right? He had to be kidding, making some misguided attempt to cheer her up.

She scowled over at him in the dark. Why did he have to joke around so much? One night, when they’d both been dead-ass drunk and lounging in the hot tub, he’d turned to her and said, “Let’s get married.”

When he claimed he was serious and suggested they hop a flight to Vegas, she took that to mean he was drunk enough to drown and dragged him out of the water. The asshole had laughed and laughed, then climbed into his bed soaking wet.

It was easier when she knew the rules. Easier when she knew exactly where they stood, and what they were to each other. Most of the time, they got drunk at a club, or he showed up at her apartment, or invited her over here. They screwed, she left, and she didn’t hear from him for a while.

She’d slept in this bed dozens of times before. She trusted him—on that level, at least. But with her heart?

No way. That was a whole other story.

Sometimes, it was like she got off on the tension, the difference between going so far with him physically, while completely hiding her feelings. It was like a game with high stakes, her very survival depending on how little she could reveal to him, how deeply she could hide her desire for more.

It wasn’t something that had been a problem with other men. With Jackson García, they’d had fun in bed, and made small talk about their careers. Jackson wasn’t a big star yet, but he was easy-going, and their connection hadn’t deepened much beyond sex and laughing at internet memes.

Her old arrangement with action movie star Rocky Lim hadn’t been too different from what she’d had with Jackson. They had a good time together, and she went with him to red carpet events, but when it came down to it, they were just friends. It was easy to keep their conversations on the surface. She didn’t worry about revealing too much. Rocky was back in London now, but he still texted her sometimes. They’d bonded over the British period drama Carlton House, and used to watch episodes in bed together. Whenever he passed a landmark she’d recognize, he snapped a picture and sent it to her. It was sweet, but love? No. And she hadn’t wanted it to be. She hadn’t cared enough.

She did want more from Dimitri, and the admission was like a sickness inside her. Sure, he was acting the part of the caring beau now, but that was decency, not love. He didn’t mind her staying here because it meant easy ass for him. Hell, he probably felt bad for her. Poor Natasha, no money and nowhere to live. She’d made that rule about no sex, and he must have known she wasn’t going to stick to it. He knew all her weaknesses.

She didn’t know what to make of Dimitri’s insistence on questioning her about Jackson. He was always intense, but that had been weird, even for him. They didn’t talk about the other people they saw. After her injury, it hadn’t come up again. And what the hell was his problem with Kevin? She’d heard the two of them shouting in the driveway, but couldn’t make out what they’d said.

One thing was sure. She had to get out of this “playing house” situation. It would look terrible if she were caught living with one of the show’s judges. At least before, she’d convinced herself she was a guest. She had a different bedroom, even her own bathroom, and they weren’t banging. Now?

She looked over at him again, barely able to make out the curve of his face where it was buried in the pillow.

Now, she was sleeping in his bed, her toiletries had been moved into his bathroom, and she’d broken the “no sex” rule. She’d never lived with a guy, but this seemed pretty close to it. She even had a spot in the garage.

Her mother’s words drifted back to her. You can’t rely on men.

Eventually, Dimitri would tire of her. His offer to let her stay was impulsive, made in the moment because he saw her desperation. Nothing more. Maybe he was getting caught up in playing house with her, maybe he liked having available sex, or maybe he just liked her cooking. Who knew? But there was no chance in hell that what he’d said was true.

He didn’t love her.

The certainty of the thought fell on her like a lead blanket, weighing her down. As long as she held on to that, she could keep her heart and her feelings locked up tight, and get through this mess. She’d come out the other side intact, and go back to her life as it was. This time, she’d take care of herself. She wouldn’t rely on anyone. Not Gina, not Dimitri, certainly not her mother.

There. With that settled, she closed her eyes. The bed was comfortable, and the pain in her ankle had dulled. Dimitri was right, damn him. She did sleep better in his bed. There was nothing in the way of drifting off into a deep, restful sleep.

Except now she had to pee.

She breathed deeply and tried to go back to sleep, but now that she was awake, her bladder wasn’t having it. Get up, it urged her. Vete para el baño.

Puñeta. She was going to have to get up.

Moving as quietly as she could so as not to wake Dimitri, she pushed the sheet off her and lowered her feet to the floor. She still couldn’t put much weight on her right foot, and she didn’t know where the crutches were, but she could lean on the wall and furniture while she hobbled to the master bathroom.

In the dark. Without her glasses. This was a great idea.

Still, it was fewer steps than the hall bathroom.

She was wincing by the time she made it to the toilet stall in the master bath. When she was done and opened the door to step out, Dimitri was waiting for her, squinting in the light from the stall and looking sexy and sleep-rumpled in nothing but navy blue briefs.

Her heart gave a lurch. Her blood burned for him. But self-preservation kicked in, and the walls around her heart slammed down.

You can’t rely on him, a little voice whispered through her mind. Resist him.

When he murmured her name and reached for her, she jerked back. And because it was the middle of the night and she was tired and emotionally wrought, she forgot all about her stupid ankle and put her full weight on it.





22


Natasha didn’t scream, but from the way she gasped and grimaced, Dimitri knew it had to hurt. He leaped to pull her into his arms, taking the weight off her feet.

“What are you doing, Tasha?” He cradled her close. “Why are you walking around without crutches? You should have woken me up.”

“Put me down,” she demanded in a firm voice.

“Kroshka, I’m too tired to argue with you about this. Come back to bed.” He carried her through the bathroom, holding her with care, but she struggled.

“Damn it, Macho, I said put me down.”

With a sigh, Dimitri sat on the edge of the jacuzzi and cuddled her in his lap. She squirmed, trying to get away from him, so he set her beside him on the wide lip of the tub but kept her injured ankle elevated across his lap.

Ignoring her glare, he unwrapped the bandages and skimmed his fingers gently over the fading bruises. “Did you hurt yourself?”

She was breathing hard. “Dimitri, I need you to stop doing this.”

“Doing what?” With slow, methodical movements, he wrapped her ankle again. They’d ramp up the light physical therapy exercises tomorrow, to make sure her ankle healed right. “Caring about you?”

“Yes.”

He shook his head. “Don’t be silly.” He was too tired for this conversation. He’d stayed up late, flipping through his “Idea Book,” as it was labeled on the front in big block letters written in permanent black marker. When he’d woken to find her side of the bed empty, he’d gone looking for her. The crutches were still in the living room—his fault, for not thinking to bring them into the bedroom—and he’d worried she’d hurt herself. And then she had.

“There’s no need for it,” she continued.

“For what?” He yawned.

“For you to care about me. I don’t need it.”

He scrubbed a hand over his face. “Everyone needs someone to care about them. And I’m good at it.”

“You never cared about me before.”

At that nonsense, he pinned her with a hard look. “I have always cared about you.”

She shrugged. “You’ve never shown it. Why should I believe you?”

Damn it. She was right. “I’m trying to show you now.”

“It doesn’t matter anyway,” she muttered, looking away from him.

“Why not?”

And then, to his intense horror, her breathing hitched. His heart broke for her, and he crooned her name as he pulled her into his lap.

She put up a short struggle, but when he tightened his arms around her, she laid her head on his shoulder and let the tears come.

These weren’t like before, when she had cried on the sofa. Those tears had been more feeling-sorry-for-myself tears. These spoke of deep inner pain, strumming answering vibrations of his own fears within him.

She wiped at her eyes. “Will you please just go back to bed and leave me the hell alone?”

“No.” He rested his cheek on her head and rocked her. “You’re going to let me care about you.”

“You shouldn’t.”

“Why?”

She was quiet for a while. “Because I don’t deserve it.”

He sighed. “That’s bullshit.”

She shook her head, her hair sliding against his chin. “It’s true. I’m a mess.” Her body shook harder, and she sobbed out the words. “I’m useless. I can’t get my life in order. Can’t take care of myself. I’ve failed at everything. It’s all going to fall apart.”

“That’s not true,” he murmured, dropping kisses onto her head. “You’re going through a rough patch. It happens. We’ll get through it.”

“There’s no we, Dimitri. It’s just me. Alone. And this is it. The end.”

He shifted her so he could look at her face. Her eyes were red and puffy, but even more alarming was the desolation in her expression. She was giving up.

“I’m going to lose my job, either because of my ankle or because I haven’t been able to work enough to make the money to move out on my own. When that happens, I’ll lose my main source of income, and that’ll be it. I can’t stick around LA imposing on people. I’ll have to go back to New York. Back h-home.”

Fresh sobs wracked her frame, and he held on, gritting his teeth against the onslaught. He wanted to make it right. He wanted to fix everything for her. But she wouldn’t let him. So, he just held her and tried to show her without words that he was here for her, however she needed.

After a few minutes, she sniffled and struggled to speak, gasping the words out.

“And what then? What if this gets worse?” She gestured at her ankle, now resting on the edge of the massive tub. “All I know how to do is dance, and who’s going to hire me for choreography gigs? I’ll be nothing, nadie. And then she’ll be right.”

Her sobs strengthened, and it was difficult to follow her rapid-fire verbal spiral into sadness, but he latched on to the last thing she said. “Who will be right?”

He almost missed it, so light were the words. But he was fully awake now, and listening closely.

“My mother.”

Ah. He chewed that over, soothing her with soft caresses. When it her sobs quieted, he asked, “What will she be right about?”

She hiccupped. “That I’m a failure.”

“How, exactly?”

“Nothing I’ve done has ever been good enough for her. Most of the time, she couldn’t even be bothered to come to my shows. And when I got into Lennox, she acted like it was no big deal. A waste of time and money. Why not get a real job, or a real degree?”

Located near Lincoln Center in Manhattan, Lennox was the most prestigious college for the performing arts in the country, and notoriously difficult to get accepted into. He’d thought about going there himself, but with Alex’s help, he was already pro, and he hadn’t wanted to get off-track.

“Did you go?”

“Of course not.” She rubbed at her nose. “Gina did. I told her I didn’t get in. Instead, I worked, and saved, and waited for Gina to finish so we could move out here. But then my abuela died, and I couldn’t stay in that apartment another second. So, I came out here on my own, and that was a fucking disaster, too.”

Everything she said was new to him. He’d known she was from New York, like he was, and he’d known she moved to Los Angeles with Gina and secured a gig on Everybody Dance Now. But he suspected there were holes in the story, and he was going to hear them now. Since she was finally spilling her secrets, he did his best to be a good listener, to let her know she could trust him with them, that he wouldn’t judge her.

“What happened?”

She shook her head and buried her wet face in his neck. “I don’t want to talk about it.”

“Okay.” There would be time later. He didn’t need all her secrets now. But there was one thing he had to try to make clear to her. “You’re not a failure, Natasha.”

She sniffled hard. “She makes me feel like I am. Every step I took, every achievement, it was never good enough. I’m not like Gina. Gina wants to be the best, to be a huge success and a household name. I don’t need that. I just want to make a living off being a dancer. To be able to pay my bills and my rent and buy nice things. If I can do that, I’ll show her I’m a success. And I was so close, until all this shit started happening.”

“What about later, when you can’t dance?”

“I don’t know. I’ll deal with that when I get to it. Maybe . . . maybe choreography. I don’t know.”

It was a short-sighted mentality, especially for a career that was so hard on the body. But it was interesting that she’d mentioned choreography again.

“So, this is why you’re so dead-set on doing everything yourself?”

She nodded. “It doesn’t count if people help me. I’ll still be a failure. And when they’re gone, I’ll be nothing. You can’t rely on people for help, or you’re just asking for trouble.”

That sounded like something she’d been told, rather than what she truly believed, but she was crying again so he let it pass.

He held her through the fresh round of tears, murmuring sweet nothings to her in Russian, pressing kisses to her wet cheeks and bringing tissues to blow her nose. When she was finally quiet, he whispered, “I’m putting you to bed.”

She nodded, and didn’t struggle this time when he picked her up. She didn’t pull away when he tucked her into the bed and climbed in beside her, cuddling her close. She let him hold her, let him soothe her, and drifted off to sleep.

Dimitri didn’t rest so easily. He was overwhelmed by all she’d shared, both grateful that she’d trusted him to share it, and determined to do his part to help her. She still had secrets, but he could wait.

Her mother had done a number on her. But if there was one thing he was good at—other than dancing—it was caring about people. At one point in his life, he’d had nothing but his family. Now, even though they were separated by an entire country, everything he did was for them.

If she let him, he’d show her he was serious. He’d show her how much he loved her.

If he’d loved her before, it was nothing compared to the way he felt now. He admired the hell out of her—her quiet strength, her compassion, her work ethic. How could someone so amazing think she was unworthy of love? It was ridiculous to him, but they all had their own demons.

It was on him to show her the truth. By the time he was done, there’d be no doubt in her mind that she was lovable beyond belief.





23


Natasha woke the next morning and stared at the ceiling for a long time. When she was a kid, there was a crack in the ceiling that, when looked at from the right angle, resembled a dragon. Since she’d had a loft bed at one end of the living room blocked off by a couple bookcases, she’d spent a lot of time with that ceiling and dragon.

Dimitri’s ceiling had that popcorn stuff on it, but with her glasses on, she picked out faces here and there. Her eyes jumped from one to the next. There, a crooked smiley face. To the right, a guy with a big nose and funny glasses. Above that, a sleepy face. Diagonal from there, an elf. And back to the beginning.

She’d traced this path other mornings when she’d woken in his bed. Warring senses of comfort and awkwardness kept her pinned to the sheets. Did she get up and make herself at home? Did she cuddle? Did she grab her stuff and run home?

Dimitri liked to cuddle, and he never made her feel like she had to get out of his hair, but . . . there was always that worry. No-strings attachments were nice in a lot of ways, but since there was no commitment, it was impossible to feel totally comfortable in the other person’s space. Even now, having spent the last few days in his bed and days before that living in his home, the dual urges of run and stay paralyzed her.

Especially after last night.

She closed her eyes and sucked in a breath through her nose at the memory of her breakdown. What a mess. She’d unloaded all her fears and mommy issues on him. Worse, she’d wanted to. All the worry, the pain, the toxic feelings she bottled up—like a dam breaking, the pressure had finally become too much, and it was easier to let it all spill out.

Maybe now he’d understand why she had to get out of here.

Not that she could go anywhere at the moment. Her crutches were still nowhere to be seen, and Dimitri had slung a heavy arm around her middle and buried his face in her shoulder. Rather than feeling trapped, his weight was a comfort. He was here. She wasn’t alone.

She’d shown him her shadows, and he hadn’t run screaming into the night. He hadn’t even gone back to bed. He’d stuck it out, holding her, soothing her, listening and murmuring endearments in Russian. It didn’t matter that she hadn’t known the exact words. The sentiment was there.

The still-raw feelings wouldn’t let her read too much into it. But it meant something, that he was here, and he wanted her here with him.

Love was still a stretch. She didn’t believe that was it. But maybe . . . maybe she didn’t have to hold back so much. Maybe she could let him in and put herself out there. After last night, it didn’t seem so scary.

Why wait to start? No time like the present.

Before she could talk herself out of it, she turned toward him and cuddled closer to his warmth. His eyes didn’t open, but his chest rose in a deep breath and he shifted his arm, pulling her closer.

With her face tucked into his chest, she breathed in the lingering scent of his cologne. She’d researched it once to tease out the scents she so closely associated with his masculinity. Most of them she didn’t understand—what the hell were aldehydes?—but the others she could pick up. Something woodsy, citrusy, with an overlying layer of what the color green would smell like, if colors had smells.

After a few moments, his arm moved, rubbing up and down her back, his hand a heavy, hot pressure through the thin fabric of her sleep tank. Then his chin rubbed against the top of her head, and he pressed a kiss to her hair. He was slowly waking up.

“Buenos días,” she whispered against his skin.

“Dobroye utro,” he replied. He leaned away so he could look at her face. “You slept okay?”

She nodded. “Yeah, I . . . thank you.”

Instead of the joke she expected in response, he wrapped his arms around her. “Anything you need.”

They fell into an easy rhythm after that. For the next few days, he was attentive to her needs without smothering, and she made an effort to be more pleasant. She did physical therapy exercises for her ankle, and when he was out at the restaurant, Lori and Kevin visited to keep her company and fill her in on gossip.

She didn’t call her mother or Gina.

Miracle of miracles, her injury had escaped the notice of paparazzi, and Kevin claimed no one at The Dance Off knew she was living with Dimitri.

“Staying,” she corrected him. “I’m staying here. Temporarily.”

Her bank account told a different story. As July ticked into August, all her bills were due, including rent on the apartment she couldn’t currently live in. But since her stuff was still there, she had to pay. She had just enough to cover everything, but after missing so much work, she was back in jeopardy. On top of that, she couldn’t find anyone to cover her children’s ballet class.

Over dinner the night before the class—provided by Dimitri’s restaurant—she mentioned it in passing.

“Will you be around in the morning? I’m not sure I can drive yet, and I need to get to Santa Monica to teach a dance class.”

His expression turned stormy and he dropped his fork onto his steak. “No. You haven’t healed enough.”

“Relax, Macho.” She sipped from her wine glass. The man really did have an excellent selection of wine. “It’s a ballet class for little kids. I won’t have to do much.”

He cut his meat with angry movements. “It’s a bad idea.”

“Doesn’t matter. I can’t cancel, and I can’t find anyone to cover for me. I have to go in.”

He chewed quickly. “I’ll go with you.”

Her eyebrows shot up and she held back a laugh, because he looked perfectly serious. “You’ll what?”

“I’ll go with you. You sit on the side with your foot elevated, instructing the class, and I’ll demonstrate.”

She shouldn’t say yes. It was ridiculous. He was big and bearded and gruff. Her students were tiny and high-spirited and giggly. It would be a disaster.

Or, it would be adorable.

“Okay,” she said.

He nodded and forked string beans into his mouth. It was settled.





24


Dimitri was cleaning up their dinner plates when the restaurant called.

“Yeah, what?” He tucked the phone into the crook of his neck as he loaded the dishwasher.

“Your mother is here.”

Dimitri cursed and closed his eyes. “Put her on.”

“Privet, moy syn.”

He bit back a sigh and switched over to Russian. “Zdravstvui, Mama. What are you doing in Los Angeles?”

“The weather is beautiful. Does one need a reason to visit here?”

Okay, so that’s how this was going to go. “Is Papa with you?”

“No, he went to Florida to visit Nik on his tour.”

Divide and conquer, huh? “Why are you at the restaurant?”

“I was hungry. Come meet me.”

He’d just left there a few hours earlier, and he’d already eaten, but he couldn’t say no to his mother. “Fine. But I can’t stay long. You have a hotel already?”

“Yes, a good one. Don’t worry, I won’t intrude on your love nest.”

Ne bylo pechali. His love nest? “Thanks. I appreciate it.”

“Was that sarcasm?”

“No, of course not. See you soon, Mama.”

He dashed into his room for shoes and sat by Natasha in the living room to put them on.

Her eyebrows drew together. “Where are you going?”

“Emergency at the restaurant.”

“You were just there.”

“This can’t wait. I’m sorry. I’ll be back soon.”

Her lips pursed in a worried frown. “I have to leave early tomorrow for the dance class.”

“I won’t be late.” He kissed her forehead, paused because he wanted to do more, then thought better of it. If his mother got tired of waiting, she’d come here. “I promise.”

She shrugged and turned back to her laptop. “See ya.”

He ran out to the car and prayed for no traffic. He felt bad leaving Natasha at home alone. He knew she was bored, and pissed off at having to sit around doing nothing. She was used to working all the time and wasn’t the kind of person who handed idleness well.

If he could convince her to move in, to let him take care of her, she wouldn’t have to work so much. Sure, she could still work as much or as little as she wanted, but he didn’t think the constant cycle of money-making gigs made her happy. He got it, and he’d been in that position himself, but now he had enough sources of income that he could live comfortably and take care of the people he loved. Really, it was all he wanted out of life. He loved dance, loved being a dancer, but it was secondary to his love for his family and desire to make them comfortable.

Natasha fell into that category now, whether she believed it or not.

She obviously didn’t believe it. But she hadn’t pulled away from him, so he was trying to give her space. Being there, but not pushing. When he pushed, she retreated.

But now they were locked in this weird stalemate. She didn’t seem like she was about to run away, which made him happy, but their relationship was no closer to where he wanted it to be, and that worried him.

What if it never got to where he wanted it to be? What if she just didn’t want that with him?

It was the fear that kept him from laying all his cards on the table. It was the same fear that had him avoiding his cousin, Alex.

What if he put himself out there and was rejected?

He didn’t know how to proceed with Natasha. Did she need more space? She seemed fine with sharing his room, but she’d made a really big deal about it in the beginning. Maybe she wanted her own space back, but didn’t want to tell him.

Bringing his mother into the equation would not help matters, that he was sure of. Natasha had enough issues with her own mother. He didn’t know what the woman was like, but his mother was likely the opposite. Oksana Kovalenko did not hold back her opinions, and he’d gotten his pushiness from her. If Oksana met Natasha and liked her, she’d be planning their wedding by the end of the week.

And while he liked that idea, he’d bet Natasha wouldn’t, and it would ruin all the progress they’d made. As much as he wanted his mother to meet the woman of his dreams, it wasn’t the right time. He had to find out how Natasha felt first.

So, ask her, Alex would say.

Alex was the pragmatic one. Dimitri was the dramatic one, although he preferred the term “passionate.” It was the kind of thing he might have asked Alex about, if he weren’t actively avoiding him.

Stop running away from your dreams, Alex’s most recent text had read. Asshole.

He pulled into the lot next to Krasavitsa and jumped out of the car, tossing the keys to Raul, the lead valet.

“Back again?” Raul asked.

“No rest for the wicked.” Dimitri went in through the front, nodding at everyone as he passed.

His mother was seated at one of the best tables. It boasted both a full view of the restaurant and relative privacy.

“Mama.” He leaned down to greet her.

“You walk in here like you own the place.” She gave him a kiss on the cheek.

“I do.” He sat across from her. “Now, you want to tell me why you’re really here?”

“I told you, I’m having dinner.” She spread her hands to indicate the assortment of plates on the table.

“What, did you order one of everything?”

She winked. “I know the owner. So, let’s get to the real reason why I’m here.”

He held his breath. Here it came.

“I want to meet her.”

He exhaled. Yup, there it was. “Not yet.”

His mother’s brows—waxed to within an inch of their life, since they were naturally as thick as his own—arched. “Why not?”

“She’s . . .” One of the waiters appeared with an extra wine glass and set it at his elbow. Dimitri poured from the open bottle of red on the table, just to have something to do. “Skittish.” There. That was the perfect word for Natasha.

His mother frowned and repeated the word back to him. “Puglivaya? What does she have to be skittish about? You will make a great husband. I made sure of that.”

“I know that. And you know that. But she . . . she doesn’t trust me.”

His mother frowned and munched on a french fry. They were her weakness, and he’d grown up with a healthy appreciation for fries. Krasavitsa made excellent fries, crafted to his specifications. He trusted his head chef, but not with fries. They were skinny, salty, slightly crunchy, and served in a cone with ketchup and garlic aioli on the side.

“Why doesn’t she trust you?” His mother pinned him with a shrewd gaze. “Have you given her reason not to?”

Dimitri stole some of her fries and scooped up a healthy dollop of aioli with them. “I guess so.”

Her eyes rolled up to the ceiling. “I don’t want to know.”

“It’s better that you don’t.”

“So, what are you doing to show her that she can trust you?”

He finished chewing, lest she tell him not to talk with his mouth full. “I’m trying to show her.”

“Odobreniye.” She shrugged. “But how?”

“What, specifically?”

“Yes.”

“Well, she sprained her ankle.”

“How? Is she also a dancer?”

If he wasn’t careful, his mother would ask enough questions to guess Natasha’s identity. She watched The Dance Off. Lori Kim and Danny Johnson were her favorites, but she certainly knew who Natasha was, and would likely have opinions about her. “Um, yes.”

“Do I know her?”

Chert. “Mama . . .”

She held up her hands. “Fine. You tell me when you’re ready. Continue.”

“Right. So, she sprained her ankle, and I’m taking care of her.”

His mother’s expression softened. “That’s sweet of you.”

“I’m trying to show her she doesn’t have to be alone. But she thinks she does. She doesn’t want my help.”

“Women want to be independent, Mitya. She’s not going to want you because she needs you to make her life good, but because her life is already good and you make it better.”

He sat back in his seat and mulled that over. “You’re saying I shouldn’t want her to need my help?”

“I’m saying, if she wants to prove she can do it on her own, she doesn’t want you to prove that she can’t.”

Frustrated, he swirled the wine in his glass and scowled at the soft light reflecting through it. “So, what do I do? Nothing? Don’t help her? She’s in a bad situation. She needs help.”

“Are you sure?”

When he blinked at her, she looked away and sipped her wine.

“Am I sure about what? That she needs help?” When his mother didn’t answer, he leaned in. “She does need help. She’s broke, her apartment is under construction, and she’s injured. I’m doing everything I can to help her, short of giving her money, and that’s only because I know she won’t accept it. She needs help.”

His mother was immune to his stubbornness. After all, she was ten times more stubborn than he was. She only shrugged and said again, “Are you sure that’s what she needs?”

He opened his mouth to argue, then shut it. “I’m . . .” He had been sure. But now that his mother had pointed it out, his brain started poking at the problem from different angles.

An uneasy feeling spread through his gut. What if he were going about this all wrong? Trying to anticipate and meet all of Natasha’s needs. She needed a home, he gave it. She needed a ride, he drove her. He was trying to show her he cared, but she wasn’t buying it. What could he do differently? What did she really need?”

I don’t want your help, she’d said. I have to prove I can do it.

What else had she said?

You’re going to let me care about you.

You shouldn’t.

Why?

Because I don’t deserve it.

Those words had haunted him. And now they gave him his answer.

“I have to show her . . . that she deserves to be loved.”

“Ah.” His mother smiled and reached for his hand across the table. He clasped her small fingers in his big ones, stunned as always that his larger-than-life mother was, in reality, a small woman. Her eyes glistened, and she smiled like she was proud of him. “And how do you do that?”

“I guess it’s not by bullying her into physical therapy exercises.”

Once again, Oksana looked to the ceiling for patience. It was something she did a lot around him. “Figure it out, Mitya. I believe in you. Now, drop me off at my hotel and go back to your woman.”

As they left the restaurant and waited for Raul to bring the car around, Dimitri gave his mother a sidelong glance. “Did you really fly all the way to California to ask me about this?”

She shrugged. “I had the miles. And besides, you’ve been ignoring your cousin, so why should I think you’d have this conversation unless I forced you into it?”

He shook his head and took the keys from Raul when he pulled up. After they climbed in and his mother buckled up, she said, “I still want to meet her.”

He sighed. “Soon.”

He hoped.





25


Little Lilac Dance Studio was located in Beverly Grove, not far from Dimitri’s house. Natasha briefed Dimitri on the class while he drove.

“I met Lilah, the owner, after I moved here. We were roommates for about three weeks, before Gina got here, but we kept in touch. After I started working on Everybody, she asked me to teach a children’s class during the off-season. It’s good promo for the school.”

“So, she’s using you?”

She shook her head. “I mean, she’s paying me. Not a lot, but . . . This isn’t a class for training the next ballet prodigies. It’s about having fun through movement. And I . . . I can’t explain it.”

His gaze cut over to hers for a split-second. “Try?”

Closing her eyes, she tapped into the feeling of being at Little Lilac. No, it didn’t pay much, certainly not as much as some of her other gigs, but she’d been doing it for years, and she enjoyed it.

“The kids are adorable and enthusiastic. I teach them the basics, but we also play games, sing songs, and do arts and crafts activities. With every other class I teach, the people are there with an agenda. These kids . . . they just want to have fun. And . . . they love me.”

He was quiet for a moment. Then he said, without looking at her, “Of course they do.”

She ducked her head. Until his declaration in the living room a few days ago, she couldn’t remember the last time someone had said they loved her, except for these children. Abuela used to say it, but Mami? Never.

She’d be better off staying quiet for the rest of the ride, but he’d pulled the lid off her feelings, and there was still more she wanted to share. “With everything else I’ve done for work since moving to Los Angeles, Little Lilac is the one that feeds my soul.”

“That’s good. This business will chew you up and spit you out if you’re not careful. How young are the girls?”

“This is the three-four-five class. And they aren’t all girls. There are two boys in the class, too. We call them ‘friends,’ as opposed to gendered terms.”

He nodded and didn’t question it.

Nerves fluttered in her belly as they parked in the tiny lot next to the studio. Lilah had won money through a talent competition and used it to open the studio. It was her passion, in a way dancing professionally had never been.

Natasha envied her that a little, the same way Gina’s dreams and drive sometimes made her feel inadequate for not being as ambitious.

“Don’t you want more, Tash?” Gina used to ask. Natasha always gave a flippant shrug in reply, and said something along the lines of, “More than paying my bills and living large? What else is there?”

Inside, though, she envied their dreams, their direction, their sense of hope.

Hope. Thanks to Esmeralda, she’d locked that urge away a long time ago. What was the use in hoping for more? In wanting more?

But as Dimitri came around and helped her out of the passenger seat, handing her the crutches one at a time, her heart fluttered with something suspiciously like longing.

Natasha slammed it back down. No use longing for something she’d never have. Sure, he wanted to help her now. How long would that last? It wasn’t worth entertaining the idea.

And anyway, they had a ballet class to teach.

“Do you have any experience with this?” she asked, crutching her way over the gravel to the side entrance. At least Dimitri had stopped insisting on carrying her everywhere.

“You think I can’t teach a kids’ ballet class?”

“That’s not what I said.” She handed him the key to unlock the door. He held it open so she could hobble in. “I didn’t ask if you could, I asked if you have experience with this sort of class.”

“You wanna make a bet?”

She rolled her eyes and pointed to the locker where he could stash her purse. “What kind of bet?”

“If this isn’t an unmitigated success . . . you can go back to the guest room.”

Her breath halted. She’d still been sleeping in his bed. There’d been a lot of cuddling, but nothing more. As much as she’d complained about it at first, she’d gotten used to sleeping beside him. She didn’t want to go back to the other room. But did he want her to?

“And if it is a complete success,” he went on, “you have dinner with me tonight at the restaurant.”

The restaurant. His business venture that took so much of his time. She’d never been there.

It shouldn’t bother her that he’d never taken her. They didn’t go out together. They didn’t date. They worked together, occasionally went out with the cast as a group, and sometimes they screwed. But they weren’t a couple, and this wasn’t a relationship.

But if all that were true . . . his words echoed in her head. Would I be in love with you? If they were just fuck buddies, just roommates with benefits, why would he say that? And now, with this stupid bet, he was either going to kick her out of his bed, or take her on a date. None of it made sense.

“So, is it a bet?”

She blinked. They were about to enter the studio, and he was holding a hand out for her to shake.

“Um . . . whatever.” She shook his hand. “Open the door. And remember, no cursing.”

He shot her a wounded look. “Do I look like an idiot to you?”

“You really want me to answer that?”

He laughed and held the door open for her.

As she crossed the threshold, Natasha switched over into teacher mode. With a big smile on her face, she hobbled into the room on her crutches, noting the looks of surprise and worry on their small faces.

“Hi, friends!” she said brightly, hoping her tone would allay their fears.

Cara, a three-year-old with thick dark hair and a purple tie-dye leotard, hopped up from her spot on the floor and touched Natasha’s left hand where it gripped the crutch. “Miss Tasha, you have a boo-boo?”

“What happened, Miss Tasha?” Emiko, the oldest in the class at five-and-a-half, came closer, and the others crowded in around them, asking questions.

Natasha made her way to the chairs Lilah’s assistant had put out for her, next to the sound system. She took a seat and propped her foot on the second chair. “I was dancing and a took a bad step,” she told them. “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine in a few days, but for now, I have to take good care of myself.”

“Does it hurt?” Ryan, an energetic five-year-old boy, stared at the wrapping around Natasha’s bare foot. His little hand crept closer.

“Not anymore, but it hurt a lot when it happened,” she told him. “I still have bruises, so please be careful.”

Ryan snatched his hand away, then shifted through the crowd of kids so she could give him a one-armed hug. He’d been in the class since he was three, and of all the kids, he was the most attached to her. He had already cried twice about not being in her class next year.

As she assured them she was okay, their curious gazes drifted over to Dimitri, who stood off to one side.

“Who’s that?” Sofia, at four, finally voiced the question that must have been on all their young minds. She pointed a finger straight at Dimitri and did not look impressed.

“That’s Mr. Dima,” Natasha told them. “My friend. Since I can’t stand up for very long, he’s here to help me teach the class.”

Ryan looked skeptical. “Can he dance?”

Natasha stifled a chuckle. “Um, yes. He’s a very good dancer.” She clapped her hands. “All right, friends. Time to take your places.”

The children scrambled to their spots on the brightly colored plastic circles spaced around the floor, already set out by Lilah’s assistant, who sat in the front waiting area, watching the parents.

Dimitri sidled closer as the kids took their places. “Mr. Dima?”

“Dimitri has too many syllables,” she said from the side of her mouth. “You don’t want to hear them mangle it.”

“Actually, I kind of did.”

They shared a smile, and then she directed him to take her usual spot in the front of the room. She turned on the music and called out instructions from her chair. Dimitri demonstrated, and the kids followed his moves, sneaking looks at her periodically. Natasha kept a smile fixed to her face and counted the beat out loud.

When it came time to put the moves in order, Dimitri took over, leading the class. She manned the music, stopping and starting as necessary, and tried to close her heart to the scene before her.

It was impossible, of course. Dimitri was a natural, damn him. His deep, booming voice, so intimidating for some of the top dancers in the industry, managed to convey comforting, encouraging tones when he talked to the children. He did silly moves to make them laugh, and gave direction with kindness. He was attentive to each child, looking them in the eye as he listened, and speaking to them as equals.

There was something wrong with her. She’d never been the kind of woman to get all sappy about a guy interacting with kids. But she knew these kids. She cared about them, cared about the work done at this school, fostering an appreciation of dance that had nothing to do with how well the children completed moves and everything to do with how much they loved what they were doing.

Dance had done that for her. It had saved her, given her a focus for her life, and a community of people who understood her. Dance gave her value when her mother hadn’t.

Her first dance teacher, Mr. Richie, had seen promise in her. He’d nurtured her talent and interest. At the time, she’d hoped her mother would see her skill and be proud of her.

It had never happened.

So, she did her part here, instilling a love of dance in the younger generations. She listened and cared for the kids in her class, because she knew firsthand how much it meant to have an adult who wasn’t a parent be invested in your well-being.

For her, it had been priceless. And she’d been blessed to have other dance teachers who had also cared.

Who would she be now if not for them?

Who are you if not a dancer?

No, not the time to think of that. She was a dancer. She had to be.

It was all she had.

She glanced at her ankle. It was almost fully healed. She’d be back in fighting shape in a day or two, would probably be running around already if not for Nursemaid Dimitri.

He was singing a song with the kids while they waved their arms and acted out the lyrics. He was a terrible singer—not that she was one to talk—but his deep, rich voice made up for being off-key. Normally, his voice gave her delicious chills, goosebumps, and a sweet tingle she craved. When he growled her name, or called her Kroshka—hell, even when she overheard him backstage at The Dance Off—she came close to throwing herself at his feet.

But she didn’t. That would give the game away. That would reveal how much she wanted him.

Today, though, his voice had a different effect. Rather than setting her on edge in a sensuous way, keeping her in a state of suspended tension where she never knew what he’d do next, today his voice comforted her. All these days of living with him, hearing him call her from a different room, or muttering into the phone in Russian, she’d grown accustomed to the sound. He’d twined his way into her consciousness like he belonged there. Like he fit. Like it was right.

Longing. Yeah, who was she kidding? She longed for him. He had two kids hanging from each bicep, their delighted squeals ringing through the air, but it was his booming laugh that wound its way into her heart.

“Time for the last song,” she called out. “Will you all show Mr. Dima what we’ve been practicing?”

They ran to take their places. Dimitri stepped to the side to watch. Natasha turned on their recital song, calling out the moves while the children went through them with uncharacteristic seriousness.

When they were done, she and Dimitri broke into applause. Dimitri stuck two fingers in his mouth and whistled.

The kids beamed and rushed them both, full of smiles and questions.

“Miss Tasha?” Talia, a tiny four-year-old with big eyes, squeezed in next to her. Talia loved that they had similar names, and often announced that fact proudly to anyone who would listen.

“Yes, Miss Talia?”

Talia giggled, then shot a shy look at Dimitri. “Is Mr. Dima your husband?”

Natasha’s breath seized in her chest. She forced a smile. “No, he’s not. We’re just friends.”

“Oh.” Talia’s brow creased and she frowned. Then she leaned in and whispered in Natasha’s ear. “I think he should be your husband. Even though he has a beard and moo-stache.”

Stifling a laugh, Natasha nodded like she would take this suggestion seriously. She met Dimitri’s eyes over the children’s heads, and he shot her a smile so full of . . .

She didn’t even know what. It scared her too much to put a name to it.

But at that look, her heart rolled over in her chest and woke the hell up.





26


“You were really good with the kids,” Natasha said in a quiet voice.

Dimitri cut her a quick look as he drove. After they left Little Lilac, she said she had to make a quick stop on the way home, to hand something off to someone who was covering one of her classes.

“This isn’t my first rodeo, Kroshka. My mother owned a dance studio, and I used to help her teach ballet.”

She twisted in the seat to face him. “What does that word mean? Kroshka.”

He raised his eyebrows. “You’re just now asking this? I’ve been calling you that for years.”

Her chin dipped. Half her face was covered by big, dark sunglasses. He wanted to slip them off her face so he could see her eyes, but kept his attention on the road.

“I . . . didn’t want to ask, I guess.”

“Why not?”

She shrugged. “Just tell me what it means.”

“It’s the equivalent of ‘baby.’ It’s a very sweet name, like sugar, or sweetie.”

“Huh.” She turned her head to gaze out the window.

“Why do you call me Macho?”

She smirked. “That should be obvious.”

“So, it means what I think it means?”

“Exacamente.”

The urge to touch her was killing him. He gave in, dropping a hand to her bare knee and squeezing. “You should learn Russian.”

She snorted. “Dude, I had a hard enough time learning English.”

“Me, too. And I bet I was older than you were.”

She shifted in the seat, and his hand slid further up her thigh. “How old were you when you moved here from Ukraine?”

“Ten.”

“Wow. Yeah, you were older.”

“You were born here.” It wasn’t a question. He already knew she’d been born in New York.

“Yes, but we only spoke Spanish at home. I learned English from TV and other kids, and it wasn’t until nursery school that I heard English from an adult. After that, my great-grandfather started speaking English to me at home.” She fiddled with her glasses. “And books. Somehow, the Spanish-English divide didn’t seem so strong when it was written down. I learned a lot about how English was supposed to sound from reading, but since I was a terrible writer, I still got bad grades in school. It drove me crazy. I loved books so much, but I couldn’t express my thoughts about them in a way the teachers could understand.”

He gave her leg another light squeeze. “I get it.”

“I bet.” She rested her head against the back of the seat and turned her face toward him. “Tell me about little Dima.”

“Mitya,” he corrected. “That’s what my family calls me.”

“Right, I’ve heard Nik say it. So why do Roman and Mila call you Dima?”

Roman Shvernik and Mila Ivanova were two Russian dancers on The Dance Off. “Dima is another nickname for Dimitri.”

“Ah.”

He chewed his lower lip as he sorted through the feelings raging through him. Gratitude and love threatened to overwhelm him. The easy conversation, her willingness to tell him about herself, and her interest in him—they had to be signs they were growing closer. Right?

But she wanted to know about his childhood, and it was something he didn’t talk about much.

“You don’t have to tell me.” She leaned back in the seat. “It’s okay.”

“No, I want to.” In his rush to answer, his voice came out loud and gruff. He tried again. “I want you to know. I just . . . I don’t think about it a lot. I try to forget it, you know?”

“Dimitri, you don’t have to—”

“I do.” He took a deep breath and thumped the wheel with both hands. “You know how adults talk about politics in front of kids, thinking they won’t understand? As the government was collapsing, my parents and aunts and uncles did their best to keep us from worrying, but I was older, and I knew something was up. And I can’t lie, it freaked me out.”

She nodded, and now she reached out and placed a hand on his knee, warm and comforting.

“When we moved here from Odessa, we had a slightly easier time of it, because my aunt and uncle and cousins were already here. They helped us get set up, but for a while we all lived in the same house.” He flicked her a glance. “That’s why my cousin Alex and I are so close. We grew up together, and we’re close in age. Nik was still a toddler when all this was going on. He doesn’t remember any of it.”

“Do you think it affects him?” she asked softly.

He shifted in his seat. “I guess it does. Our experiences with the move were different. He can’t stay in one place for long, and me, all I want is for everything to stay settled.”

Her fingers rubbed his leg, and despite the serious conversation, he wanted her bad. He gripped the wheel hard.

“You’re very close to your parents,” she said.

“They were my rock. Stable, even though everything else was in upheaval. I never doubted them.”

Her lips twisted. “Must be nice.”

He dropped one hand to capture hers, bringing it to his lips. The words welled up in him, the need to tell her he could be that for her, that he loved her and would stand by her. But his mother was right. Right now, Tasha didn’t think she deserved love. He had to show her she did.

Her slim fingers moved against his mouth, their soft tips smoothing over his lips. He slipped his tongue out and licked her, rewarded by her surprised giggle. Languid warmth spread through him, and his cock throbbed and grew heavy. He let go of her and stuck his hand in his lap to adjust himself.

Her giggle turned into a full on laugh. “I taste that good, huh?”

“You’re a tease,” he grumbled, secretly pleased they could flirt this way, with no sense of embarrassment. They’d done too much together to be embarrassed about each other’s bodies, and there was no denying the desire that flared between them.

“Just don’t crash.” She turned to look out the window, lips curved in a smile.

It had been days since they’d had sex. Dimitri hadn’t initiated anything, out of concern for her ankle. But she was almost better now, and they were closer than ever. Tonight, he was going to make his move. She was a goddess. A queen. She deserved to be treated as such, and he’d been remiss in his duties. Tonight, he was going to show her how much he loved her, and how much she deserved to be loved.





27


Natasha’s nerves jitterbugged under her skin when Dimitri pulled up in front of the gym.

“I’ll find a spot to park,” he said, and she shook her head quickly.

“No need.” She opened the door and climbed out, awkward because of the crutches. “Stay in the car. I’ll just run in and hand this over, and then I’ll be right back out, real quick.” She waved the folder she carried.

His eyebrows drew together like he knew something was up, but he didn’t say anything as she shut the car door and hobbled into the gym.

At least he hadn’t argued, or insisted on following her.

Natasha greeted the woman at the front desk, exchanged small talk about her ankle and the minor repairs made to the gym’s locker room, then crutched her way toward the classroom where she usually taught.

Before leaving the reception area, she checked over her shoulder once more. Dimitri hadn’t come in. Good. No matter what, he could not meet Renee. Renee would lead to all sorts of questions she wasn’t prepared to answer.

The classroom door was ajar, so Natasha stuck her head in. “Hello?”

Renee sat in the corner on a folding chair, typing on the laptop balanced on her knees. When she looked up, her face brightened. “Tash!”

Natasha eased into the room as Renee set the laptop aside and strolled over to her, navigating around the series of poles set into the floor. Even barefoot, in boy shorts and a camisole, with no makeup on and her wine red hair pulled into a ponytail, Renee walked like she was on a catwalk and every eye was on her.

Renee had tried to teach Natasha that trick, and Tash managed it during performances, but when she wasn’t thinking about it, she still walked with her feet turned out, like the ballerina she was.

Andas como una patita, her mother used to say. You walk like a little duck.

Renee gave Natasha a one-armed hug and took the folder from her. “How’s the ankle?”

“Better. Being extra careful with it.”

“Smart move. Serious problems can crop up from sprains.” Renee gestured toward the chair. “Here, you should sit down.”

“How’s everything going at the Planet?” Natasha asked once she was seated, using the affectionate nickname for their old workplace.

Renee settled down on the floor with her legs folded under her. “Same old. They renovated the dressing room and the bathrooms.”

“Good. They needed to. How’s everything going there?”

As Renee gave a quick rundown of the workplace gossip, Natasha gazed around at the poles and her earlier nerves transformed into unease.

Once, this had been her life. She’d been desperate then, and she was desperate now. In both cases, she’d entered into situations that forced her to lie to her friends and family. Hell, she’d still be lying to everyone about living with Dimitri if she hadn’t sprained her ankle.

Both times, she’d been broke and in desperate need of paid work. Dance work. Because it didn’t count if she wasn’t making a living off being a dancer.

In light of the things she’d done to stick to that goal, that argument was starting to seem more and more ridiculous.

Renee stretched out her long legs and leaned back on her elbows. Her enormous, round breasts strained the stretchy fabric of her turquoise top. “I told Jeff I was covering these classes for you. He says hi.”

Jeff, one of the nicest bosses Natasha had ever had. “Thanks. Tell him hi for me.”

“You could tell him yourself.” Renee rummaged in her purse and pulled out a postcard. “They finally let me produce the burlesque show I’ve been wanting to do for years. You should come by tonight. It’ll be fun.”

Natasha took the card and dropped it when Dimitri strode into the room.

“Where are we going tonight?” he asked, grinning at both of them. “Hi, I’m Dimitri.”

Coño. Why hadn’t he stayed in the car?

Renee sent him a sultry smile from the floor. It wasn’t meant for him, Natasha knew. It was the only way Renee knew how to smile.

Dimitri reached down to shake the hand Renee offered, then stooped to pick up the card.

“Are we going to a show tonight, Tash?” he asked.

“Um . . .” She glanced at Renee, who wore her usual unreadable, slightly amused expression. Full lips curved, bedroom eyes cold.

Natasha bit her lip, waiting for Dimitri to react. His brow creased as he read the card. “Babe Planet?”

“It’s the name of the venue,” Renee offered. “I’m doing a burlesque show tonight. You both should come.”

He flipped the card over and glanced at the back. “What do you say, Tasha?”

He raised an eyebrow at her, but she couldn’t read his expression either. Was he curious? Judgmental? Turned on?

She looked to Renee, who still wore her cat-with-cream smile. No help from that quarter.

Natasha’s fluttering nerves picked up the pace. As much as she wanted to yell “No!” and hustle Dimitri out of the room, something else was bubbling up inside her.

The urge to tell him the truth.

Sharing with him on the drive here had left her feeling lighter. She had so many secrets. She was unburdening them on him, one by one.

What was one more?

Besides, she didn’t want to hurt Renee’s feelings. And Renee was an excellent dancer.

“Sure, let’s go,” she said.

Dimitri turned to Renee. “Starts at nine?”

“Yes.” Renee took the hand Dimitri gave her and rose to her feet. After he helped Natasha up and she was balanced on the crutches, Renee leaned in and kissed Natasha on the cheek, leaving behind the scent of rosewater.

“See you later.” Another wink.

Dimitri led the way out of the room, winding around the poles, and making sure the door was open wide enough for Natasha to get through easily. Once they were in the hallway, she shot him a dark look.

“You were supposed to stay in the car.”

“I found a parking spot.” He lowered his voice. “What, I’m not allowed to take a piss?”

She huffed. “How did you even get in?”

“The lovely woman at the front desk is a fan.”

Sure enough, on the way out, the lady behind the desk grinned and waved. “Bye, Mr. Kovalenko!” she called out.

Dimitri sent her a charming smile, waved back, and opened the door for Natasha to exit the gym.

Natasha kept her mouth shut as they got in the car and back on the freeway. By some miracle, he hadn’t peppered her with questions yet, but he had to have figured it out. After meeting Renee, seeing that card, and . . . shit, had she ever said Renee was a former coworker?

As her mind searched for ways to lie or get out of telling him the whole story, her heart settled into a decision.

She would tell him. The truth. It was a secret she’d kept for years, but she wanted to talk about it with someone. No, more than that, she wanted to talk about it with him. Maybe he would understand. Maybe he wouldn’t judge her.

He wasn’t her mother.

When she’d first met him, she equated Esmeralda and Dimitri in her head, with her need for validation. If she couldn’t get it from her mother, maybe she could get it from him, the guy who expected the best and was notorious for withholding praise. Even when they started sleeping together, it was with that same kind of longing. If the guy who withheld commitment could give her a sign that this was more than just a fling . . .

He’d given her a sign. He’d said he loved her.

What if he meant it?

Her mother never said it. But Dimitri wasn’t her mother. Nothing like her, in fact. He was a natural caretaker, concerned about everyone around him. His family, his restaurant, her.

What if he did love her? What did that even mean? She had so little experience with it, she didn’t even know. Did he love having sex with her? Having her in his home? Her cooking? What were all the little things that added up the bigger emotion of love?

Her heart pointed the way to the people who loved her, and showed their love. It was a short list. Abuela. Gina. Maybe Kevin and Lori, in their own, friend-love way.

Abuela had been there for her until the day she died. She took care of her, made sure she was clean and fed, but more than that, she listened. She valued Natasha’s feelings, and gave her space to vent and explore them.

Dimitri did that. The night she’d broken down in his bathroom, he’d held her and listened.

And Gina. Gina had been taking care of her every step of the way since they’d met at fourteen years old. When Gina had applied for colleges and scholarships, she’d gotten extra copies and made sure Natasha filled them out, too. When they were in Los Angeles, Gina lined up auditions for both of them. It had never been a competition between them. Everything they did, they did together. Gina had never left her behind.

Even now, Gina had offered to pay her half of the rent until the lease was up. She hadn’t left Natasha in the lurch. But at the time, Natasha had stubbornly wanted to prove she could do it herself.

Who was she proving this to? Her mother? Gina? Herself?

If Gina had been here, she would have done everything Dimitri had done at the hospital. Badgered the doctors, taken notes on healing and recovery, and made a schedule for Natasha’s meds, ice packs, and physical therapy.

Dimitri had done all of that. He’d called her friends so she wouldn’t be alone. Picked up her glasses so she wouldn’t be stuck in contacts all day. Carried and drove her around.

What did it all mean? Was that love? Was that what it amounted to—listening and caring?

“You’re thinking a lot over there.”

She blinked, checking the signs out the window. They were almost home.

Home. Dimitri’s home.

She rubbed her eyes, suddenly dry and hot, and reached into her bag for eye drops. “Got a lot on my mind.”

He made a noise of assent in the back of his throat. “Anything you want to share?”

She used the eye drops as distraction, squeezing them into her eyes and wiping away the tear trails they made on her cheeks. A month ago, Dimitri would have demanded she tell him. Now, he asked her to share.

A month ago, she would have declined.

“Yeah, actually. I do. After we get home.”

Home. A hot flush crept over her skin. There was that word again.

“We’re almost there,” he said.

The heat spread. She had an idea.





28


The questions were eating away at him. Between Little Lilac and the pole dancing classroom—and the woman he strongly suspected was a stripper—he’d learned a lot about Natasha today, seen other parts of her life that intrigued him, and he wanted to bombard her with inquiries until he knew everything there was to know about her.

But as antsy as her mysteries made him, he couldn’t demand she spill her secrets. She had to offer them willingly. He had to show her he was worthy of them.

That meant giving her space, when all he wanted to do was wrap her in his arms and beg her to tell him everything.

For the past three years, he’d made the first move every time, because he wanted her. But all it had ever been between them was sex, because he was scared to ask for more.

What if she felt the same way?

And okay, he’d been scared to offer more. The last time he had, he’d been laughed at. No sense making a move until he was sure of the result.

Right?

It had been his guiding principle in business and relationships for many years. He didn’t know how to put his heart, or his business rep, on the line. He couldn’t chance failing. He couldn’t chance losing everything he’d worked for.

He’d lost everything once. While he was grateful to his family for making the choice, moving to America had left a mark on him. The stress and fear of that time never really went away, carried in his blood and in his bones.

But if he wanted this to work, he had to trust Natasha. He had to show her she was safe. Even if it left him feeling unsteady.

Once they were in the house, he stopped at the kitchen doorway to suggest they make coffee or a snack, but she kept going on her crutches, through the living room to the sliding glass doors.

“Where are you going?”

She shot him a shy look over her shoulder. “It’s hot out. I was thinking it would be nice to use the pool.”

“Okay . . .”

When she struggled to unlatch the sliding doors, he rushed to help her, but she got them undone and was out before he could reach her.

“Tasha?” He followed her to the long, rectangular in-ground pool. She perched on the edge of a lounge chair and set down her crutches. He was about to offer to go back inside for her swimsuit, when she said, “Can you pass me the sunscreen?”

“Ah, yeah.” He looked around, then grabbed the spray-on sunscreen from the basket of pool supplies by the patio table.

He walked over to hand it to her and nearly swallowed his tongue when she pulled her thin white t-shirt over her head and tossed it aside on the chair. He didn’t say a word when she reached behind her and unclipped the lacy bra, releasing her soft, round breasts with their dark, puckered points, or when she dropped her hands and undid the button and zipper of her denim shorts and slid them—and her panties—down her long, shapely legs.

He couldn’t. He was speechless. Here she was, stripping off her clothes in his backyard in the middle of the day, like it was no big deal.

Thank god he had high fences and foliage, so the neighbors couldn’t see.

She gave him an expectant look and held out her hand. “Well?”

He swallowed hard. “Well what?”

“The sunscreen?”

“Oh. Right.” He handed her the spray. She used it all over her body, spraying first, then rubbing it into her skin with brisk strokes of her palms. When she got to her ankle, she propped it on the lounger and unwrapped it, using more care as she smoothed the sunscreen over her right foot and leg. The bruising had lightened to a greenish-yellow, and barely showed against her tawny skin.

When she sat up again, she met his eyes and shrugged. “Tan lines.” Then she flipped over onto her stomach, giving him a great view of her tight ass, and stretched out on the lounge chair. Raising her eyebrows, she held the spray can out to him.

“Do my back?”

The innocent tone wasn’t fooling him.

“Goddamn tease,” he growled, snatching the sunscreen away from her and swatting her butt. When she laughed, he sprayed it all over her back and ass and rubbed it in vigorously. “For the record, I know what you’re trying to do.”

“Do you?” She sat up to twist her hair into a knot, looking for all the world like a goddess or a nymph about to bathe in a secret, sacred lake. She was all lithe, lean limbs and graceful movements. Her eyes, when her gaze flicked over to him, held the secrets of the Universe, and the smirk playing on her wide mouth urged him to drop to his knees in worship.

“Uh, yes. I do.” What had he been saying? Oh, right. “You’re trying to distract me.”

“I’m not. Well, maybe a little.” She picked up one crutch and used it to get to her feet. They were standing a few inches apart, and he was wearing sweats, which did nothing to hide his erection. She glanced down, then patted his cheek. “Just trying to make an uncomfortable conversation a little more fun.”

He sighed. “I can’t let you use the crutches near the pool. It isn’t safe. Hold on.”

Moving quickly, he tossed aside his fitted cap—Mets, of course—and stripped out of his clothes. When he was naked, he reached for her, but she held up the can of sunscreen.

“Safety first.” She sent him a smile full of heat.

Growling a string of his favorite Russian curses, he sprayed his body and threw the can onto the chair. He had a condom in his wallet, but he’d climb out of the pool to get it if it came to that. “That’s enough. I need to cool down.”

She eyed his cock appreciatively and then had the nerve—the nerve—to lick her lips. “I see.”

He scooped her up, their sunscreen-covered bodies sliding against each other, hot and slick. “Woman, if it weren’t for your ankle, I’d toss you right into the deep end.”

She locked her arms around his neck, pressing her luscious breasts against him in the process. “Don’t you dare. I just straightened my hair this morning.”

He knew, because he’d watched her do it. She’d sat on the stepladder in his bathroom with no fewer than three heating devices and a collection of bottles, converting her mane of long dark spirals into a smooth fall of waves.

When she was done, he’d run his fingers over it and said, “You’re always beautiful, but I like your real hair.” In the mirror, her reflection had grinned and her face flushed at the compliment.

He carried her over to the pool and carefully navigated the steps into the shallow end. She sucked in a breath when her ass hit the water first, then sighed when her body was submerged.

“Feels good,” she murmured.

He tightened his arms around her. “Yeah.”

Rolling her eyes, she pushed off from his shoulders and swam a few feet away, leaving him hard and aching in water up to his chest.

“Careful with your ankle,” he said, as she frolicked and slid through the water like a mermaid, her body a dark, lean column against the blue, and the light from the sun sparkling on her wet skin.

Instead of following her, he reached down and gripped the base of his cock in a tight grip.

She swam back and forth, long arms cutting through the water in a modified breaststroke, then stopped when she saw him. “Are you jerking off over there?”

“No, but I should.” He gave his cock another squeeze and groaned, wishing it was her hand on him. “Then I’ll be able to focus.”

She stopped in front of him, treading water. “You want to know about Renee.”

He did, but that was before Natasha’s wet, naked body was within arm’s reach. The water played with her image, distorting her curves. She was like a siren, calling him beneath the waves.

“Dimitri.”

“Yeah?”

She laughed and put her arms around his neck, bringing their bodies together. Under the smells of chlorine and sunscreen, he caught the sweet scent of figs. Her flat belly pressed against his cock, pushing it up between them, and he groaned again. Unable to resist her, he cupped her butt and squeezed.

“You want this?” he asked, pulling her closer.

“Yeah.” She tilted her head and her lips parted, ready for his kiss. But now it was his turn to tease.

“What did it? Watching me with the kids this morning got you ovulating?”

She splashed him, right in the face. He hadn’t seen it coming, although he should have, after a joke like that, and water went in his eyes and mouth. He tried to pinch her butt, but she was too quick, too slick, and she slipped away.

Wiping water out of his eyes, he grumbled, “You’re going to pay for that.”

She was over by the side of the pool now, near the stairs that led out. Stretching her arms out to grip the edge behind her, she gave him a wicked grin and spread her legs under the water. “Then get over here and make me pay.”

He dove under the water and swam along the bottom of the pool with quick, strong strokes until he was below her. On his way back up, he pressed his face between her legs, nuzzling her spread-open pussy with his lips, before he came out of the water for air.

Her head was tipped back, resting against the edge of the pool, and she was gasping.

“You’ve done it,” he told her, grasping her waist. “Congratulations. You’ve effectively distracted me.”

“Good,” she said, panting. “Now fuck me.”

With a groan, he hauled himself out of the pool and lunged for his pants, which were just out of reach. With wet, shaking hands, he yanked his wallet out of the back pocket, probably ruining the leather in the process, and pulled out a condom. He ripped it open, slipped it on, then slid back to the pool across the wet tiles. When he jumped back in, he splashed her a little.

“Sorry,” he muttered. “Your hair was already wet.” Then he positioned himself at her waiting pussy and slid right in.

They both groaned, and he kissed her hard.

“How do you want it?” he whispered in her ear, reaching for her hands and gripping them tight.

“How we always do it. Hard and fast.”

This wasn’t what he wanted. It wasn’t how he’d planned to show her how much he loved and cherished her. But with her body clamped tight and hot around him, her breasts bobbing in the water and sunshine caressing her pointed nipples, he couldn’t resist her.

If this was how she’d give herself to him, he’d take it.

Slipping an arm around her back to protect her skin from the wall, he gripped the edge of the pool with his other hand for leverage, and gave it to her exactly how she’d asked for it. Hard and fast.

She locked those long legs around his hips, rocking against him as he pounded into her. Water splashed around them, and the sun beat down on his back and shoulders.

“This is how you want it?” he asked, needing to know, needing her to understand her.

“Yes.” Her voice was breathless, thready. “Yes, yes, Macho. Just like this.”

“Touch yourself.” He licked the curve of her ear, inhaling her sweetness. “Touch yourself, Tasha.”

She let go of the pool with one hand and reached between them. He felt her fingertips brush his cock and groaned, pausing when she slipped her hand lower to cup his balls. He let her fondle them for a minute, then resumed his pace. Her hand drifted away, and a moment later her fingers fluttered against her clit and his dick where they joined.

He kissed along her neck and jaw, tasting chlorine and Natasha. Her eyes closed and she bit her lip, little moans falling from her lips as her hand moved faster.

“What do you think about?” he demanded.

Her eyes cracked open a fraction, and her hand didn’t stop. “What?”

“What do you think about when I’m fucking you?”

She closed her eyes and moaned. Her body gave a little jerk against him. She was close.

He put his mouth to her ear and sucked on the lobe. Then he breathed out, in a low, deep rumble, “Natasha.”

“Nothing!” The word was half sob, half scream. Her body shivered again, and her legs tightened around him, her pelvis pumping to meet his thrusts. “Nothing. That’s why . . .”

“Why what?” He slowed his pace, pulling out and only giving her half thrusts. “Why what, Kroshka?”

She tried to pull him closer with her strong legs, but he resisted. Her voice was half sob, half gasp. “That’s why I love fucking you so much. You make my brain turn off.”

It wasn’t how he wanted to hear that word from her, but hell, he’d take it. He slammed into her, and she cried out, tightening around him. He gritted his teeth and bent his knees, changing the angle.

“Make yourself come.” He dipped his head to close his lips around one pert nipple, rolling it with his tongue.

She gasped something in Spanish he didn’t catch, and arched her back.

He lifted his head. “What was that?”

“Duro. Harder.”

He didn’t know if she meant his mouth or his cock, so he doubled his efforts on both counts, sucking harder on her tit and thrusting even deeper. She gripped his shoulder with one hand and rewarded him with a series of high-pitched moans that made his balls draw up tight.

When he switched to her other breast and laved the nipple with his tongue, she shattered. Her whole body jerked against him. Spasms rippled through her, squeezing his dick. He gave himself over to her pleasure, pumping into her in short, hard thrusts as his own orgasm roared through him and threatened to bring him to his knees.

They leaned against the wall of the pool, catching their breaths together as they sank into the water up to their necks. Dimitri pressed his face into her throat, not caring that they were sticky with sweat, sunscreen, and pool water. He just wanted to be close to her, to feel her heartbeat against his cheek.

Her shoulders lifted, and she let out a deep sigh.

“Fine,” she said in a small voice. “I’ll tell you.”

Since she was opening up to him, it was only fair he do the same. He ran his hands up and down her arms, enjoying the mix of hot skin and cool water. “Nothing you say could change my feelings for you.”

“We’ll see about that,” she muttered under her breath.





29


After they climbed out of the pool and cleaned up, they slid naked into the hot tub and turned on the jets. Dimitri sat beside her but kept his distance.

Natasha was quiet for a while. He waited, giving her space to collect her thoughts. If he pulled her into his arms now, would she let him? He didn’t try it. Instead, he rested a hand on her shoulder and caressed gently. It seemed like a good compromise. He wanted to touch her, and to let her know he was there, but he didn’t want to crowd her.

Finally, she lifted her chin and met his gaze. “No one else knows about any of this.”

“But you’re telling me.”

She nodded.

He shifted closer, drawn by anticipation. “Why?”

She turned away, looking out over the rest of the yard. No grass—too many droughts for that—but a multitude of plants that did well in the dry Southern California weather. Mostly succulents and other desert plants, like agave and cactus, with some avocado and orange trees. When he’d bought this place, he’d wanted a backyard, thinking of the big parties his uncle had thrown for every family event once he moved to a bigger house in New Jersey. So far, he’d yet to have one, though Nik had invited people over a lot when he lived here.

Natasha cleared her throat. “There’s stuff . . . I’m not ashamed, but I’m not proud, either. Ever since I decided I wanted to be a dancer, I’ve been struggling to prove I could do it. Not dancing—I know I can do that—but to actually make a living off it.”

The struggle of all creatives—to do the work, and pay the bills. He was familiar with it. “Living the dream.”

She shook her head. “It’s not about a dream, though. It’s about proving that dance is a valid, viable, realistic profession, and that I’m good enough to make it a career.”

It sounded like she was having an argument with someone else, likely her mother, but he stayed quiet.

Natasha’s eyes glimmered with sorrow and pain. “This thing is evidence of my failure. Something I never wanted anyone to know about. But I’m starting to realize . . . maybe I don’t have to hold it all in.”

“You don’t.” He slid an arm around her and cuddled next to her. “You can let me carry some of it for you. With you,” he corrected. “I can carry it with you. Together.”

She flicked a glance at him, a grateful smile on her lips. Then she looked down at the water, bubbling around them. “I guess I should start at the beginning.”

Please, he wanted to say. Please, tell me everything about you. I love you and I want to know anything you’re willing to share. Instead, he nodded.

“Remember how I told you I got into Lennox and didn’t go?”

“Yeah.”

“Gina went. I worked as a waitress and a dance teacher to make money, and did a lot of dancing with a troupe we’d joined in high school. Our plan was to move out here after Gina graduated and saved some money. But then my great-grandmother passed away.”

She sighed when he gave her a squeeze. “She was the best person in my life. Without her, it was just my mother and I in that apartment. Finally, I couldn’t take it anymore, so I moved to LA early, before Gina was ready to go.”

There was a lot she wasn’t saying, about her home life and her relationship with her mother, but he didn’t dare interrupt, now that she was finally opening up to him.

“When I got here, I blew through the money I’d saved. I’m not good at organizational stuff, like searching for the best prices on apartments or living situations. Gina’s better at that. I went on a ton of auditions, but nothing panned out. So, I took a job I knew was bad for me, because at least there, I was making money as a dancer and I was being appreciated.”

He had a feeling he knew where this was going. It was a common story. But his gut churned and his heart broke for her, imagining how desperate and sad she must have been then, alone, separated from her best friend and biggest support, missing her great-grandmother.

“I got a job at a topless bar. The one Renee works at. She’s the one who taught me to pole dance.”

There it was. As soon as he’d seen her sitting with Renee, he suspected, and the postcard for Babe Planet was another obvious clue, but he hadn’t wanted to jump to conclusions.

It meant the world to him that she’d revealed it on her own.

When he didn’t respond, she shot him a glance, brows slanted in worry.

“What?”

She blinked. “You don’t have anything to say to that?”

He shifted her into his lap. “What, you thought I would judge you? This is a tough industry. Not everyone can hack it. But we’re New Yorkers. We can make it anywhere. Even if it means doing things other people might balk at. We’re strong enough to protect our souls and turn the experience into success.”

She exhaled, and all the tension drained out of her body. Winding her arms around him, she relaxed against his chest. “You don’t know what a huge relief it is to hear you say that.”

“You never told Gina?”

“Ay dios, no.” She huffed out a laugh into his neck. “She would never understand.”

“Are you sure about that? She’s a good friend.”

“She’s so focused on integrity and busting stereotypes, she wouldn’t get how I could ever stoop so low as to take my clothes off for money.”

He tightened his arms around her. “I hope she’d see that you were sticking to your own integrity by continuing to work as a dancer even when it got hard.”

She tilted her head back to search his face, her dark eyes glassy and full of uncertainty. “That’s . . . that’s exactly why I did it. I figured . . . at least I was still dancing.”

“So, why do you think you were a failure?”

She sighed and tucked her face back into his shoulder. “I couldn’t tell anyone about it. I had to say I was a bartender, and then I had to get a bartending job, too, just so it wouldn’t be a lie. I was working seven nights a week, but coño, I was rolling in dinero.”

“Hard to give that up.”

“Yeah. But I told myself it was only temporary, until Gina got here. Then, I would quit, no matter how good the money was. And . . . no matter how much I loved the attention.”

Her use of the word “temporary” stood out to him. It was what she’d said about living here with him. Was she here for the same reason? She loved the attention?

While he mulled that over, she ran her fingers over his chest where it met the edge of the water. The hair was growing back from the last time he’d shaved it. “Is it scratchy?” he asked.

“No.” She scraped him lightly with her nails, sending shivers of sensation across his skin. “So, you’re not . . . upset? Or, like, jealous?”

At that, he laughed. “Have you forgotten about our arrangement for the last three years?”

When she stiffened, he pulled her closer.

“So, you’re not.” The wariness was back in her eyes, in the set of her shoulders. He recognized it easily. It was how she’d always been around him, until recently.

He leaned in close and nipped her chin. “Do you want me to be?”

“No.”

Her tone was defensive. She was lying. And he was thrilled. Over-the-moon thrilled that he’d finally gotten to know her well enough to know when she was lying or defensive. He’d finally gotten to see the real Natasha, and now he knew when she was holding back. Grinning, he pressed a kiss to her ear.

“You’re lying,” he whispered.

“I’m not.” She tried to move off his lap, but he held on to her waist.

“Are you jealous? Of me with the other women?”

He stared into her eyes, waiting for an answer. Watching the emotions play over her face was a real treat, especially when she finally slapped his chest with both hands and burst out, “Sí, carajo, I’m jealous!”

He couldn’t have wiped the grin off his face if his life depended on it. “Good.”

She leaned back, eyes wide and worried. “Wait, is that why you always went off and fucked other women? To make me jealous?”

“No.” He kissed the tip of her nose. “I did that because I didn’t think you cared.”

“I . . .” She closed her mouth. “Really?”

“Of course.”

She frowned. “I wanted you to think I didn’t care.”

“Aha.” He gave her a smacking kiss, full on the mouth. “That means you do care.”

She crossed her arms, pushing up her sweet, naked breasts in the process, and turned her face away. “You’ll never know.”

But she was fighting back a smile.

He leaned in to kiss her deeply when his phone rang.

Natasha lifted her head. “That sounds like an old rotary phone.”

“It’s the restaurant. We’re having a new vent system installed, and they’re all terrified of doing something wrong.”

“You mean they’re terrified of what you’ll do if they do something wrong.”

He inclined his head. “Correct.”

His hands flexed on her hips, and she smiled. “Go to work, Macho.”

“You’ll be okay here alone?”

She rolled her eyes. “Of course. I’m not a baby. Just get me my crutches and I’ll manage.”

He shook his head and lifted her in his arms, carrying her out of the hot tub.

“Don’t slip,” she warned.

“Trust me.”

Her expression softened, and her fingers played in his hair, teasing the nape of his neck. “I do.”

He wanted to stay, to explore this further, but work called. They dried off and showered quickly, and once she was settled in the house, he picked up his car keys from the table by the door that led to the garage. Anticipation for the evening ahead lightened his step.

“You sure you’ll be okay without me?” After the progress they’d made, the last thing he wanted to do was leave.

She gave him a bright smile from the kitchen counter. “I’ll be fine. I’m going to look for apartments.”

His neck muscles tensed. Again with that damned apartment search. Even after everything, she was still looking for a way out. Hurt sharpened his tone. “Don’t forget, we have a burlesque show to attend tonight.”

She ducked her head. “You still want to go to that?”

“Of course. It looks like a good show.” Mostly, he wanted to go with her, to see the place where she’d worked, a place from her past. Maybe it would give him more clues about her. She’d finally revealed something, and it meant everything to him that she’d shared something she’d never told anyone else, but it also left him wanting more.

She pressed her hands to her cheeks like she was embarrassed. “You want to go to a strip club. Tonight.”

“What’s wrong with tonight?” Chert. Had he pushed too hard? When she didn’t answer, he went back to the counter and leaned on it across from her. “Natasha.” He waited until she raised her eyes to meet his. “I’m sorry. If you don’t want to go, we don’t have to. I don’t want to make you go if it will bring up bad memories, or make you uncomfortable.”

She shook her head. “I just don’t know why you want to go.”

“Don’t worry, it’s not for the naked women. Especially after your performance outside. I have all I need right here.” He wiggled his eyebrows at her, hoping it would make her laugh.

She looked down at her laptop again, but her lips pressed together like she was hiding a smile.

“Besides,” he added. “I owe you dinner.” At her puzzled look, he explained. “I told you, if I was a success at Little Lilac, you have to go to dinner with me at the restaurant. Those kids said I was ‘awesome,’ so I think it’s obvious who won that bet.” He placed a hand on her laptop and pushed it shut. “Stop looking for apartments. Watch some TV, take a nap in our bed, whatever. You deserve to relax. I’ll text when I’m on my way back. Okay?”

She nodded, but her eyes were troubled, and he couldn’t figure out why. “Okay.”

This day had been supremely enlightening, but there was still more to learn. He could wait until tonight. With his mind full of Natasha, Dimitri left for Krasavitsa.





30


Our bed.

Dimitri’s words stayed with Natasha the rest of the day, even as she tried to take his advice. She watched TV—while looking at apartments. She tried to nap—in their bed—but couldn’t get the day’s events out of her mind.

From the way he’d charmed the children at Little Lilac to his response at finding out she’d worked as a topless dancer, Dimitri was surprising her left and right.

And then, to find out he’d been with other women because he thought she hadn’t cared? Eye-opening. Was it possible he’d held back all this time for the same reasons she had? Maybe he hadn’t trusted in her affections.

Or maybe he was just making excuses. But now that she’d spent so much time around him, it didn’t fit with his behavior. To get her mind off everything, she closed the rental websites and pulled up her video files to work on the piece she was choreographing.

As she watched herself move on screen and jotted her thoughts in a notebook, she had a hard time tapping into the emotions that had led her to choreograph this piece. The haunting melody and lyrics, describing a modern love that had been betrayed, no longer compelled her to move.

You burned me, the singer crooned in her smoky voice. You burned me down.

When she’d chosen this song, she’d identified with the lyrics. She felt empty and hollowed out like the husk of a house after a fire. Natasha didn’t feel burned anymore. She felt . . . seen.

Dimitri saw her. He understood. She’d told him things she’d never told anyone, not even Gina—about her time at Babe Planet, or how she’d lied about getting accepted at Lennox—and he hadn’t seen her any differently.

Hell, the man said he loved her. Nothing she knew of Dimitri indicated that he was someone who threw that word around. It had certainly never come up any of the other times they’d been together, although those times were usually all about the screwing, and he’d said the L word while yelling at her.

Besides, he’d seemed just as surprised by the admission as she was.

Still, trust didn’t come easy. Telling Dimitri her secrets left her emotions muddled and raw, like an exposed wound. Those months had been her most desperate, and here she was, back in a similar situation: broke and doing something she knew wasn’t good for her. The longer she stayed here, the more she was tempted to believe that they could . . .

She shut down that line of thinking before she could dream too big or too bold. Survival came first. Dreaming was for people in far more stable situations than she was in.

She pulled up her music library and skipped through songs, looking for something that fit how she felt now.

An hour and many notebook pages later, she hit on something. It had more of a pop beat, but it was undercut by dramatic violins. I am a masterpiece, the singer repeated throughout the song. You ain’t seen nothing yet. Just watch me fly.

Natasha listened, jotting down the lyrics, which gave her chills. This was the song. From burned to fly, it was a phoenix story. She could adapt the existing choreography to tell a story of triumph, of personal faith and trust.

Flexing the toes of her right foot, she was tempted to jump up and move. Her best choreography ideas came to her this way, inspired by feeling and a song that hit all the right emotional notes. The dance came through her like a download. It was happening now, but she couldn’t dance.

Well, no. That wasn’t entirely true. She couldn’t put weight on her right ankle. There was a difference.

It took some back and forth, but she got her laptop, speakers, and camera set up in Dimitri’s studio. In addition to those, she dragged in the desk chair from his office. She cast a worried glance at the shiny floor, but something told her he wouldn’t care. Once everything was ready to go, she sat in the chair and propped her crutches against the barre. Keeping her phone in her lap to control the music, she started the camera and the music and rolled into the center of the room.

When Dimitri appeared in the doorway a while later, she wasn’t even surprised.

She stopped spinning in the chair and turned off the music. “Hi.”

A small smile played on his lips, and his eyes were full of . . . something. Affection, maybe. “Hi.”

She rolled back over to her equipment and turned off the camera. “I took your chair,” she said.

“So I see.” He walked into the room, hands in pockets.

She entered a few commands on her laptop to get the video import started. “Sorry. I said I wouldn’t go in your office.”

His brows drew together like he was annoyed. “And I said it was fine. You’re allowed anywhere in this house.”

He came closer, and she bit her lip, focusing on the laptop screen. She’d just been naked with this man in broad daylight. It was ridiculous to feel nervous. He wasn’t even doing anything. He was walking toward her, fully dressed.

But she was starting to believe he might be telling the truth about his feelings. And it was a dangerous thing for someone who’d never thought she’d ever have something like what he offered.

Hope. That was it. That was the thing fluttering in her chest like a bird trying to fight free from a cage.

Accurate. She’d kept that emotion locked away for a long damn time.

He stood over her, looking at her setup. “I’d ask what you’re doing, but it’s obvious. Trying to dance without using your feet?”

“Just the one foot.” She lifted the right, still wrapped. “I can use my left just fine.”

To prove it, she dug into the floor with her bare left foot and sent the chair spinning in a circle.

He grabbed the armrests, bringing it to a stop, and leaned down, putting his face close to hers. Natasha swallowed. He still wore that unreadable smile, and his chocolate brown eyes had grown even more intense in their focus on her.

“Tasha.”

“Uh-huh.” Her pulse pounded in her throat. Madre de dios, he was so handsome. So intense. Her skin itched to be touched by him, to feel his strong hands skimming over her. His hot mouth, the rasp of his beard, his tongue . . .

“You asked if I was jealous.” His voice was rough, grating, like it hurt him to speak. “Yes, damn it, I was jealous.”

She sucked in a breath. Dios, what did she say to that? But he wasn’t done.

“I was jealous every time I saw you smiling at another man, knowing he was getting close to you, fearing you were letting him closer than you let me.”

Her mind flashed to all the times she’d flirted with other men while Dimitri was around. Rocky Lim, Jackson García, at least a handful of others. Yes, she’d wanted to inspire jealousy in him, to get him as twisted up inside as she felt. But she’d never known it had worked.

His eyes bored into her, and the smile was gone from his lips, now set in a stern line. “It killed me every time I had to walk away from you, which is why I always came crawling back. I don’t intend to leave again. So, you can have my desk chair. You can have my studio and my pool and my bed and anything you want that’s in my power to give you. Got it?” She nodded, struggling to breathe.

“Good.” He gave her a searing kiss, then leaned back. “Let’s get you ready for our date.”

“Date?” She let out a nervous giggle to cover how much his words had affected her. “That’s a first.”

He frowned, and paused in gathering her equipment. “Haven’t we been on a date?”

“No.”

“Why not?”

He cheeks grew hot. “You’ve never asked me.”

Eyebrows drawn together, he put the laptop back on the stool she was using as a table and took her hand. “I’m asking now. Natasha Díaz, will you go out on a date with me tonight?”

She pressed her lips together because she wanted to grin, and she wanted to accept. Still, there were other things to consider. “You know we can’t date. If anyone sees us, I’ll get fired.”

He shrugged. “Too bad, because I’m really good at the goodnight kiss.”

She narrowed her eyes. “I know. But don’t forget my rule.”

His gaze heated. “We’ve already broken it. And I have a good date in mind.”

“Oh yeah? What’s that?”

“I thought we’d go see some naked women, then eat a meal I don’t have to pay for.”

She swatted him in the arm, laughing. “No wonder we’ve never been on a date before. You’re terrible at it.”

He shrugged, and grinned. “Don’t worry, I’m really good at the goodnight kiss.”

She snorted. “I think we’ve blown way past goodnight kisses.”

His smile was full of dark desires. “You’ll see.”

A thrill raced through her. Despite her trepidation, she couldn’t wait to go out with him. Okay, so they still weren’t going off to do things most couples did, especially on a first date, but they’d never gone out alone together like this. And truth be told, she was curious about the restaurant.

But a little voice in the back of her mind refused to be silent. Bad idea, it warned. You’ll get caught. And then what? You think he’ll stand by you? You’ll never be good enough for him.

It was an echo of the phrase that had haunted her for her whole life. You’ll never be good enough.

No. Inner doubt be damned. Donna and The Dance Off be damned. She was going on a date with Dimitri, and fuck anyone or anything who tried to get in her way.





31


Nerves made Natasha antsy as Dimitri drove them to Babe Planet. It was one thing to joke and flirt at home about going to the strip club where she used to work, but actually doing it was something else entirely.

She fiddled with the seatbelt buckle, watching cars streak past them on the freeway. What the hell was she thinking, bringing Dimitri to this place? It wasn’t the worst, as far as strip clubs went, but it wasn’t the best, either. The thing that set it apart, according to some of the other women she’d worked with, was Jeff, the manager. Sweet and compassionate weren’t usual qualities one found in these kinds of places, but because Jeff was in charge, he determined the tone. So even though it wasn’t a job most of the women had set out to do, when they found themselves at Babe Planet, it wasn’t so bad.

From the beginning, Natasha had been up front about her plans with them. They’d known she was there temporarily, to save money until her friend got to LA. Then she would quit. Still, they’d invested time and attention in her, teaching her and giving her room to adjust. They’d been more like family to her than her own relatives back in New York and Puerto Rico, but that might have had something to do with her mother alienating everyone else in the family with her bitterness.

“You okay?” Dimitri glanced over at her as he drove.

“Yeah. Sure. I’m fine.”

“You’ve chewed off all your lipstick.”

“Coño, really?” She flipped down the visor mirror, and sure enough, the red she’d painted on before they left the house was nearly gone. She rummaged in her bag for the tube, then reapplied.

By the time they parked, Natasha was ready to jump out of her skin. This was a terrible idea. She shouldn’t be here at all, let alone with Dimitri. They should leave. Skip the show and go straight to the restaurant. Or go home. Or anywhere other than here.

What would he think of her? Yeah, he’d been all sweet and accepting in the hot tub, lulled by sex and bubbles, but he might not be so nonchalant when faced with the reality. And, god forbid, what if they were recognized? She’d gotten caught up in his passionate words, in the idea that Donna and The Dance Off weren’t a threat to her very survival in this city. They should turn around right now and go home.

But then Dimitri was at her door, helping her out. “Let’s go.”

Taking hold of his hand, she swallowed back her doubts and excited the car.

They’d debated whether it looked worse to walk with a cane or crutches. Natasha felt like crutches indicated a temporary injury, but Dimitri argued that a cane would be better for navigating tight, dark spaces, like the strip club.

In the end, after a lot of testing, she’d worn the boot he’d picked up for her after her first hospital visit. He wasn’t happy about her walking on her ankle yet, but she wasn’t going to sit around forever. And as she pointed out, she wasn’t alone. He was there to help her.

She didn’t miss the way his chest puffed out at that.

Entering the Planet was like the weirdest kind of flashback. The bouncer didn’t recognize her, and he didn’t bat an eye at her boot as he checked their IDs. Inside, it smelled the same, a combo of vodka and perfume. The décor was mostly the same, too—lots of plush red material and shiny black surfaces, and mirrored walls so you didn’t miss anything if you turned away from the action on stage. Tiny lights twinkled on the ceiling like stars, the only nod to the “planet” in the name. Natasha had always thought they should have tried harder to adhere to a sci-fi theme, but she didn’t own the place.

As usual, the clientele was mostly men, but there were always a few women. It seemed like there were more women tonight, maybe because of the burlesque show. A group in the corner looked like a bachelorette party.

Natasha didn’t recognize the bartender or either of the waitresses making the rounds. But then, it had been over five years since she’d worked here, and her tenure had only been for a few months. It was kind of a letdown, though. She’d expected to see a familiar face, or for someone to remember her. She’d amped herself up for it, and now the nerves and adrenaline had nowhere to go.

Dimitri led her to a trio of armchairs. Once she was settled, he stood with his hands on his hips. “Crap.”

“What is it?”

“I want to get us drinks, but I don’t want to leave you here alone. You should come with me.”

She shook her head at him. “Don’t worry, Macho. I used to work here, remember? I’m fine. Besides, no one is going to mistake me for the talent.” She plucked at the modest neckline of her simple black mini dress, the nicest of the few wash and wear dresses she’d brought with her since most of her going-out wardrobe had been ruined or was back at her apartment wrapped in airtight plastic. She wasn’t even wearing heels. She couldn’t, with the boot. “Go get us drinks. I need one.”

Maybe then she’d forget about being here.

With a nod, Dimitri headed for the bar, and she let out a breath. If he got the sense that she was bothered by being here, he’d probably insist they leave. And while part of her wanted to leave, the part of her that loved dance was also curious about what Renee had in store. While she waited, she turned her attention to where two women twined around poles at either end of the narrow stage. One of them was quite good, her body strong and flexible, but the other relied more on bouncing her fake tits around.

Natasha glanced down at her own breasts, and the fairly modest amount of cleavage showing above the neckline of her dress. The irony was, she’d gotten the boob job after working here, using money earned on this very stage. Babe Planet clientele appreciated a good show, which was why the better pole dancer would take home more tips tonight than the bouncing boobs. Patronizing the clients with talentless jiggling wouldn’t make you more than a few pity tips, no matter how pretty your face or how good your boob job.

Dimitri dropped into the chair beside her. She reached for her drink, then snatched her hand back. Alarm streaked through her. The man in the other armchair wasn’t Dimitri.

The man smiled wide. “Maya.”

The name gave her a jolt. No one had called her that in years. All the adrenaline she’d entered the Planet with came rushing back. Of all the people to recognize her, why did it have to be this guy?

The rank smell of liquor and sweat emanated from him. Natasha fought the urge to wrinkle her nose. Already, old habits fell back into place, just from being here. Keep boundaries, put the men in their place, but don’t make them feel ashamed. The final rule was twofold. Men who felt shamed didn’t spend money and didn’t come back. But a drunk man, when embarrassed, was dangerous. In those cases, they called in the bouncer to handle it.

“Hi, Rob,” she said, keeping her tone even.

If he wasn’t gone by the time Dimitri came back, this could end badly. She kept her voice low, but firm. “Are you here alone? Where are you sitting?”

“Maya, you haven’t been here in such a long time.” He leaned toward her and slid a hand down her arm. “You were my favorite.”

Ick. Gently, she plucked his damp hand from her and returned it to his armrest. “No touching, Rob. Remember? And I don’t work here anymore.”

Slight emphasis on “work.” Maybe reminding him that she was a real person with a job, and not his personal fantasy, would help establish boundaries.

Nope.

His eyes lit. “That means we can touch each other.” He pitched forward toward her again.

Reflexes kicked in. She planted her feet on the floor to spring up and away, but her ankle twinged, throwing off her balance. She fell back onto her seat. Throwing up an arm across his chest, she held his weight off her as he tried to clutch her arms with cold, clammy hands. So gross.

“Rob, go back to your own seat.” She made her voice low and severe, hoping it would cut through the music and his own drunkenness. “Go now.”

“Yeah, Rob.”

Natasha’s pulse picked up at the sound of Dimitri’s deep, commanding voice. He was there, one of his big hands clamping onto the back of Rob’s neck. Rob flinched, and once he’d released Natasha, Dimitri tossed him back into the empty seat. Then Dimitri sat across from him and leaned forward, resting his arms on his thighs. His hands hung between his knees, not clenched into fists—no, Dimitri wouldn’t need to be that stereotypically threatening—but terrifying even in rest. He was a dancer, yes, but powerfully built, and intimidating even on the best of days. Rob was practically trembling.

Natasha bit her lip. The show hadn’t even started and this night was already a disaster. They should have stayed the fuck home.

A wicked scowl darkened Dimitri’s face. When he spoke, it was through gritted teeth. “You want to tell me why you had your hands on my woman?”

Rob’s pale eyes darted between the two of them, and he wet his lips. “I . . . I hadn’t seen Maya in a long time, so I . . .”

“So, you thought you had the right to touch her?”

Natasha kept her attention on Dimitri. His voice was deceptively calm. She held her breath, but her skin still crawled from the feel of Rob’s touch. As much as she didn’t want to cause a scene—god, what if someone decided to film this and it got to the tabloids?—Dimitri’s presence calmed her.

“We’re not allowed to touch the girls.” Rob gestured at the stage. “But Maya said she doesn’t work here anymore, so I thought—”

“Again, you thought you had the right to touch her.”

Rob seemed to find a semblance of backbone. He sat up a little straighter. “Maya and I have something.”

When Dimitri’s gaze cut over to her, Natasha shook her head. Dimitri tilted his head toward Rob.

Natasha’s heart raced. He was giving her the floor, letting her take the lead in this altercation, if she wanted it. She didn’t doubt he’d haul Rob out of here if she said that was what she wanted, but he was giving her the choice.

She scooted closer to the edge of her seat and looked Rob square in the face. Dimitri’s hand dropped possessively onto her knee, giving her strength. He’d let her fight her own battles, but he was there to protect her and back her up if she needed.

Rob only had eyes for her. “Right, Maya? We have an understanding.” A note of pleading infused his voice. He wanted her to reinforce his fantasy. It was time to pop the bubble.

“No, Rob. We don’t.”

His brow creased. “You used to dance for me.”

“I used to dance. There’s a difference.”

“For me.”

She shook her head. “I danced five nights a week for whoever was here. It was a job. And then I quit.”

He blinked, and his mouth twisted into a confused frown. “I haven’t been able to forget you. I thought there was something in the way you looked at me. In the way you danced for me. You’re saying it was the same for everyone.”

She nodded. “It was a job,” she repeated.

“I wasn’t special.”

“No.”

When he sighed, all the life went out of him. His shoulders slumped, and he looked half his size. “You’re just a stripper.”

He didn’t say it accusingly. More like he was coming to terms with it.

“I was,” she said. Maybe she had to come to terms with it, too. It was just a job, not a secret shame to carry forever. “Not anymore.”

He wiped both hands over his face. “Sorry I bothered you,” he mumbled. Then he got to his feet and ambled away.

As soon as he was gone, Dimitri leaned back into his chair and covered his face with both hands.

“It took everything I had not to rip his head off,” he said, voice muffled.

“I’m glad you didn’t. I don’t have the money to bail you out of jail.”

He gave a surprised laugh and leaned over the armrest to cup her jaw. Caressing her cheek, he captured her gaze. His eyes were like black holes in the dim lighting of the club, and she was caught in his pull. What was it about this man that made him impossible to resist?

He drew her in the rest of the way and laid his lips on hers. Instead of fire, he met her with sweetness. His lips nibbled and his tongue soothed. His fingers slipped into her hair, massaging.

The contrast between this kiss and how he usually kissed her disarmed the last of her defenses. She sank into it, letting his mouth calm her racing heart. The adrenaline from her encounter with Rob faded. Everything faded—the music, the nerves, the worry over what Dimitri would think of seeing her here.

He was here now, with her, and he’d just been the best kind of hero. The kind who let her stand up for herself.

Stupid hope starting fluttering again. This time, she didn’t tamp it down. Let it flutter, if it wanted. Maybe there was something to be hopeful for.

When he pulled back, he pressed his forehead to hers. “I’m sorry.”

“For what?”

“For what just happened. For men being assholes. I shouldn’t have made you come here tonight.”

If they’d stayed home, she might have never realized she still had unfinished business here. “Thank you for letting me handle it.”

He exhaled and eased back. “I didn’t want to. I wanted to drag his ass outside and pound him into the ground. But then he was so pathetic, I just felt sorry for him.”

“I kinda did, too. But not enough to let him touch me.” She cringed. “His hands were so sweaty.”

Dimitri scowled again. “Maybe I will pound him into the ground after all.”

“Don’t.” She grabbed his elbow. “It’s over. We can’t draw attention to ourselves. And the show’s going to start soon. Hey, what happened to our drinks?”

“They’re still on the bar. I looked over and saw him sitting with you, so I came back.”

“Thank you.” She twisted in her seat and got the attention of one of the waitresses. Once they had their drinks, she turned back to the stage.

“That used to be me.” She gestured with her glass toward the pole dancer working her ass off. “But my boobs were smaller then.”

“She’s good.” He sent Natasha a sidelong glance. “If I got a pole installed at home . . .”

“Maybe.” Heat flooded through her at the suggestion. She’d love to dance for him. The performative aspect of pole dancing, even stripping, made her feel powerful and in control. But the impulse to hold back with him was still too ingrained. “For you, maybe.”

He groaned and shifted in his seat.

She bit back a giggle. “Pants suddenly a little tight?”

“Yes, damn it.”

The lights went down, the music lowered, and the pole dancers slunk offstage. The show was starting. Despite everything that had happened so far, she was excited.

Dimitri leaned in to whisper in her ear. “Sit in my lap.”

She wanted to do it, wanted to feel his strong thighs underneath her, his cock pressing up against her ass. But anyone could be watching, and they’d already come close to making a scene.

“Tasha . . .” He breathed her name in her ear, sending delicious chills down her back. She shook her head.

The show began. The first two acts were fun and flirty, using the classic feathers and fans. Then Renee came out, and she blew them all away, doing a burlesque and pole routine that mimicked rhythmic gymnastics, but with whips, leather, and chains.

Natasha kept her eyes on the stage, but watched Dimitri in the periphery. His gaze drifted from the stage, to her, and back again. Knowing he was there with her, watching the performance, maybe thinking about her doing these things, made her senses sizzle with awareness and her body throb with need. She sucked on her lower lip, wishing it was his mouth, his teeth, scraping against the sensitive flesh.

Renee’s act finished. Natasha cheered louder than anyone, and Dimitri threw some fifties onto the stage. Renee winked at them as she tucked them into the string of her thong, then sauntered offstage, her fabulous ass and hips swaying.

The next act involved two women, who interspersed the burlesque stripping with making out, and Natasha couldn’t take it anymore. She needed to touch him, needed to be touched.

“Fine, I’ll sit on your lap,” she said, like she was doing Dimitri some great favor, like she wasn’t about to jump out of her own skin with longing for him. “But promise we can still go for dinner afterward. I don’t want you getting too worked up and depriving me of food.”

His grin flashed in the dark, wicked and full of anticipation. “Promise. Now get that sweet ass over here.”





32


The burlesque show had been the worst kind of tease. Not because of any of the action happening on stage—though Renee and the other women had shaken and shimmied and stripteased like champs.

No, as titillating and fun as the show had been, Dimitri’s current source of discomfort came from Natasha’s reaction.

Who knew choosing not to fight a guy would make him a hero in her eyes?

And who knew she’d enjoy watching other women strip? He would have thought she’d be immune to it.

Halfway through, he’d slipped a hand under her dress, feeling the warmth between her thighs. She’d moaned and wriggled on his lap, her ass rubbing against his erection.

“Yes,” she whispered. “Touch me.”

“You like this,” he’d said, surprised. On stage, two women made out and ran their hands over each other’s bodies. “The show.”

She’d twisted to kiss him, her tongue delving deep into his mouth, her breasts rubbing against his chest. Her dark eyes seemed luminous, reflecting the stage lights. “I like watching this with you.”

He was so stocking up on porn after this.

Once the show was over, he helped Natasha to her feet. “Dinner?”

“We have to go backstage first,” she told him, sounding almost apologetic. “I can’t leave without saying hello to Renee and Jeff.”

Dimitri raised his eyebrows. “You think I’m going to complain about going backstage at a gentlemen’s club?”

She pinched his arm.

The backstage area was well lit, and filled with the warm, sweet smells of women—hair spray, perfume, makeup, and whatever else they used before going out to perform. It reminded him of the way his bathroom smelled after Natasha finished using a blow dryer on her hair. Rows of vanity tables lined both walls, each mirror surrounded by bright round bulbs. Another wall held framed black and white photos of classic movie stars, visible over a rack full of costumes.

Renee bustled over to them, wearing a short robe of ice-blue silk. She kissed Natasha’s cheek and shot Dimitri a teasing grin. “Glad you both could make it. What did you think?”

While Natasha launched into a discussion of the dance quality of the routines, punctuated by effusive praise, Dimitri put a hand on her shoulder and tried to keep his gaze at eye level.

He had years of backstage experience with dancers and actors. Seeing people in various stages of undress was normal for him. But this was different. Despite the joke he’d made to Natasha, he was aware of being a man in a women’s space, and he’d be damned if he made them feel ogled in their safe zone.

Then another man walked in, medium height and build with sandy brown hair, holding a clipboard. “Alicia and Damaris, you’re up next,” he called out.

Two women touching up their makeup slipped off their robes and headed out. One of them, a slim brunette, spotted Natasha and let out a gasp of surprise.

“Tash? Is that you?”

Natasha turned, and squealed. “Damaris! I didn’t know you were still here.”

Damaris gave Natasha a squeeze. “The money’s too good. I came back to do one night a week, just to build my savings.”

The man with the clipboard stepped closer. “Damaris, you’re due on the stage.” Then he nodded at Natasha. “Hey, Natasha, good to see you. Renee told me you might come by.”

With a wave, Damaris headed out, and Natasha made introductions.

“Dimitri, this is Jeff, the manager here. Jeff, Dimitri is a . . . a friend of mine.”

Jeff grinned and shook Dimitri’s hand. “Good to meet you. How’d you like the show?”

Renee patted Dimitri’s arm. “You don’t have to answer that. He wants your opinion because he knows you judge dancers.”

Some of the other women were watching, so he gave a thumbs-up and said, “I give it one hundred percent.”

To his side, Natasha snickered. “You’re so corny,” she muttered. But then she slipped her hand around his arm, like she was staking a claim, and he loved that.

“Damaris is the one who got me the interview,” Natasha explained. “And Jeff hired me. Even though I didn’t have boobs.”

Jeff tapped the clipboard against his thigh. “I would have been stupid not to hire you. Your dance audition blew us away, and you picked up the pole technique faster than most. I only wish you’d stayed longer.”

Natasha turned a grateful smile on Jeff and Renee. “I always said it would be temporary.”

Dimitri stiffened. There was that word again. Temporary. Just like living with him.

Jeff nodded and sounded wistful. “I know. And I get that this place isn’t anyone’s dream job. But you were such a pro.”

Renee leaned in. “We always vote for you on The Dance Off. Any hints as to who you’re paired with next season?”

Natasha pressed a finger to her lips. “You know I can’t tell. Besides, I haven’t met him yet. We’re still a few weeks away from filming.”

Renee heaved an exaggerated sigh. “Fine.” Then she sent Dimitri a wink. “Nice meeting you, Mr. Judge.”

They said their goodbyes and left, getting in the car to head to Krasavitsa.

The word temporary still rattled around in Dimitri’s thoughts as he drove. Was that how she felt about his place in her life? Something here now, gone tomorrow?

Chert, that had been the nature of their relationship all these years. But he didn’t think of her that way. Even when he’d kept his distance, she’d been a constant—in his thoughts, in his heart. An eventuality. What if he’d waited too long?

“Have you ever been to Krasavitsa?” he asked, just to break the silence.

She shook her head. “What does it mean?”

“Beauty. My mother named it.”

This restaurant was where he spent most of his time. How was it possible she’d never been here?

Because until a few weeks ago, he’d never been close enough to a woman to show her this place. Maybe Babe Planet was the same for Natasha. A secret she kept close, because she didn’t trust other people with it.

Now that he’d been there, he couldn’t remember why it had been so important that she tell him. He’d wanted to know everything about her, sure, but why?

When he dug deep, the answer was rooted in security, not trust. If he knew everything there was to know, if he could shine a light in all the dark recesses, maybe then he’d feel comfortable enough to take the next step with her. To risk putting his heart on the line.

But this secret hadn’t done that. Yes, he was grateful she’d trusted him with it, especially since she hadn’t told anyone else, not even her best friend. She’d trusted him not to judge her, or make her feel ashamed. He valued that trust and didn’t take it for granted.

But it hadn’t made him feel any more or less secure. She’d lived a life before she met him. She’d made decisions, and while he was curious about her motives so he could learn more about what made her tick, knowing every piece of her past didn’t change how he felt about her. He loved her for who she was now, and all those decisions had led her to this point. He wouldn’t judge her for them, although he did want to be part of her decisions going forward.

He thought of the contract burning a hole in his desk drawer. Of the Idea Book. Of Alex’s voicemails. He had his own things he was holding close.

Still, she’d shared part of her life with him, and it was only right he do the same.

Besides, he loved her. Whether she accepted it, returned it, or . . . some other outcome, he wanted to show her the restaurant. And he wanted the restaurant to see her. She was everything he’d ever wanted in a woman, in a partner. Everything he ever would want. The restaurant was like family. They should meet her.

Although he still wasn’t ready for his mother to get involved yet.

Besides, it was ridiculous to be nervous. He’d dated tons of women. Well, not tons. Lots. Dozens? Anyway, he’d gone on dates. Taken women to dinner, movie premieres, live shows, and fancy parties. It was part of the lifestyle. You got a plus one, and there was no shortage of women desperate to fill that role.

Not because of him. He wasn’t quite that egotistical. But for the fame. The chance to brush elbows and maybe get a leg up. He knew people and, thanks to the diversification of his interests, he got invited to a lot of places.

But he’d never taken Natasha to any of those events, and he’d never brought any women to Krasavitsa. It was the equivalent of introducing her to his family. He’d never hear the end of it.

He cleared his throat. “Remember that time I ran into you at the perfume launch party?”

She glanced at him from the corner of her eye. “Yeah . . .”

“Were you dating that guy? What was his name again?”

She sighed and looked out the window as he drove. “Rocky Lim.”

“He’s in those car race action movies, right? Martial artist?”

“Yes.”

“Where is he now?”

“London.” She let out an exasperated sigh and glared at him from the passenger seat. “Why are you asking about Rocky?”

“I’m curious about people you’ve dated.”

She snorted and turned away. “Rocky and I weren’t dating, no more than Jackson and I were dating.”

“And like how we weren’t dating.”

She didn’t answer.

“This is a date, Tasha.”

She crossed her arms over her chest. “Does that mean we’re dating?”

“Are you asking me to be your boyfriend?”

She snorted again. “No. Besides, it’s against the rules.”

“We’re way past your rule, Kroshka.”

“Not my rule. The Dance Off’s. No backstage fraternizing. We can’t date. It’s the only defense I have for living with you—and why we can’t . . . we just can’t.”

He drove in silence. He’d forgotten about that stupid rule. He was a judge, so it didn’t quite apply to him, but only because he was more famous than any of the pro dancers. He wouldn’t be the one to be penalized. She’d take all the blame and the consequences. Their relationship had the potential to ruin her career.

He wanted to give her everything. But he couldn’t give her a career, especially when his own felt so unsteady.

He had to find a way around everything, because he had every intention of breaking both rules—dating and fraternizing.

He had to make this the perfect date, to show her what they could have if she allowed it.

In the parking lot, Raul’s eyes nearly fell out of his head when Natasha climbed out of the car. Even in the boot, she was a stunning woman. She’d complained about the dress, lamenting the loss of her wardrobe and inability to shop for something new, but the tight black fabric showed of her long, lean curves, and honestly, the woman would make a garbage bag look like high fashion. She’d done her hair in sexy, tousled waves. Her eyes looked dark and mysterious, and her lips were a bright, slick red.

She was just as beautiful in pajamas, smiling sleepily at him over a cup of café con leche.

Krasavitsa stayed open late on the weekends, and was a celebrity favorite. When Dimitri walked in the door with his arm slung around Natasha’s waist, every eye turned their way.

Well, not every eye. The eyes belonging to the staff. He caught the bartenders exchanging grins, and one of the waitresses actually stopped in her tracks and bounced on her toes.

Lord. Why had he hired a bunch of sentimental fools?

Carlito, his manager, bustled over to them. He took Natasha’s hand and beamed at her. “Señorita, encantado.”

Dimitri bit back a sigh. “Natasha, this is Carlito, the manager. He keeps this place in order and knows all the gossip.”

“Es mi placer, Carlito,” she replied, smiling back at him.

Carlito led them to the table that was always kept empty in case Dimitri dropped by, chattering with Natasha in Spanish the whole time.

When Natasha drew back a step and raised her eyebrows, Dimitri tuned in.

“¿Verdad?” She sounded surprised. “¿Nadie?”

“Sí. Lo juro. Nadie.”

Once they were seated and Dimitri had placed an order, he pinned Natasha with a look. “What did he tell you?”

She flashed him a toothy smile. “You’ll never know.”

“I can make him tell me. I pay him.”

“He’ll lie through his teeth. His grandmother was Puerto Rican. We have a bond.”

Dimitri shook his head and sat back as Mariska, one of the waitresses, poured their wine. “I knew I was going to regret bringing you here.”

At Mariska’s gasp, Dimitri threw his hands in the air. “I didn’t—come on, you know I didn’t mean it like that. I mean because you’re all going to switch your loyalties over to her instead of me.”

Mariska turned up her nose at him. “And now you know why,” she replied in Russian, and patted Natasha on the shoulder.

He shook his head. “You know I didn’t mean it like that, right?”

Natasha shrugged and popped an olive in her mouth. “You’ve said worse.”

He propped his elbows on the table and pressed his face into his hands. “I have, haven’t I?”

“You might be right about one thing, though.”

“Finally.” He lifted his head. “What’s that?”

Her fingers toyed with the stem of the wine glass. “I should call Gina. And probably tell her about . . . what I did before she moved here.”

“Only if you want to. It’s yours to tell. Nobody needs to know everything you’ve ever done.”

Not even him.

“I thought I could leave it behind. It was something I’d done. I wasn’t proud of it, but I wasn’t really ashamed, either. You saw the show. There’s some serious talent on that stage. Jeff is careful about that, and he treated us well.”

“I’ll admit, I was surprised by how good it was. And Renee? That woman can move.”

“I know, right? She’s like a snake. Everything I can do on a pole, I owe to her.”

“I’m definitely getting one installed. And then I’m sending her a thank you present.”

Her smile dimmed. “Dimitri, I can’t stay. They’ll fire me.”

“Who said the pole was for you? It looked like a good workout.” She laughed, so he kept the conversation light, even though he worried she was right. “Those ladies had incredible core strength. I didn’t even know you could do all that on a pole.”

“Renee’s great at putting together unique pole routines. She has quite a fan following.”

“Seems like you did, too.” Just the thought of that guy touching her against her wishes made his blood boil.

She rolled her eyes. “Honestly, I think that was because Jeff babied me a bit. He knew I didn’t want to be there—not that anyone really does—but I auditioned with ballet and salsa. He made sure I learned the pole and did that, but he didn’t make me do too much more than that.”

“What do you mean?”

“Like . . . lap dances and stuff. Private dances. The men loved me. Maybe too much. So, Jeff kept me on the stage where they couldn’t get to me.”

“Did anything . . .”

“No. Never.”

Thank god. “How do you feel?” At her look, he jumped to explain. “After being there again. After that asshole jumped on you. I am sorry for that. We should have just come here.”

She shook her head. “No, I’m glad we went. It’s . . . it’s something in my past, but it’s part of me, part of my journey as a dancer. I can’t forget about it or lock it away.”

“It would be okay if you did. You’re entitled to your secrets.”

“Says the guy who was practically drooling with curiosity after meeting Renee.” She snorted. “You’re a big ol’ gossip, Macho.”

He shrugged. “You should meet the rest of my family.”

Shit.

He was saved from having to elaborate on that when the appetizers arrived. He knew what Natasha liked from the nights he’d brought food home from the restaurant. Beet salad, sweet cheese pierogies, and of course, fries.

Natasha dug right into the fries. “I meant to tell you this before. The fries here are fucking fantastic, even when you bring them home and we have to reheat them.” She shoved a few in her mouth and moaned, eyes rolling back as she chewed. “And fresh? Heavenly.”

“They’re my mom’s favorite, too,” he said. Damn it. Again. Why was he still talking about his family? “I had to make sure we had fries on the menu, just the way she likes them.”

Natasha dipped one in ketchup and used it to point. “Your mom has good taste.”

And she wants to meet you. The words were on the tip of his tongue, but Dimitri held them back. It was enough that the staff were meeting her tonight. He’d hold off on subjecting her to his pushy, loud, opinionated family.

He reached across the table and took her hand—the one that wasn’t holding more fries. She smiled at him as she chewed and the moment was sweeter than any others he could remember.

And ruined by Carlito, who chose that moment to zip over to them.

“¿Está todo bien?” he asked.

Even though the words were directed at Natasha, Dimitri answered, shooing away his nosy manager. “Everything’s fine. Go away.”

Natasha shook her head, but her fingers tightened on his. “Are you always so mean to your staff?”

“You should hear how they talk to me. No respect.”

She took a sip of wine. “You know, I used to think you were scary.”

“Wait, you don’t still think I’m scary? I need to try harder.”

She snorted into her wine glass, then glared at him as she wiped her mouth with a napkin. “You know you have a reputation. And I was a fan. I loved Aliens Don’t Dance. When I met you, it was like a fantasy come to life.”

Uneasiness filtered through him. Their first meeting had been an accident. He realized it later, but when she walked into the rehearsal room, he’d been going through choreography in his head, and suddenly there was someone to test it out with. He’d grabbed her, pulling her into the dance, and she’d gone willingly every step of the way. He just hadn’t expected it to be so perfect.

Her responsiveness to his lead had floored him, as if they were telepathically linked and she could anticipate each move as he thought it.

When it was over, he’d asked her name. After she gave it, he asked, “You know who I am?” When she admitted she did, he told her, “Come over tonight.”

It was fast, even for him, and kicked off everything between them. But he hadn’t known she was a fan then. Had it contributed to her interest in him? A month ago, he wouldn’t have asked. Now, they were too close for him not to, even as he dreaded the answer.

“Is that why you went home with me that first night?”

“Oh, no.” She shook her head and waved a hand like that was silly. “I mean, it helped that I already knew who you were. It didn’t feel like you were a stranger, so I wasn’t worried you were going to murder me and bury my body in your backyard. But you were all intense and sexy and commanding, and dancing with you was like foreplay. I wanted to go.”

He shook his head. “I don’t even know how to respond to all that.” He paused. “Wait, bury you in my backyard?”

She shrugged. “A girl can’t be too careful.”

The entrees arrived, and Natasha beamed at Mariska as she set the salmon plate in front of her.

“That’s your favorite, right?” Dimitri tucked into his pork chop. “You’ve asked for it a couple times.”

Her expression softened. “Yeah, it is.”

“Good. Well, enjoy.”

As he chewed, he wanted to say more. He wanted to tell her he loved her again, but having her here, in the restaurant, was already too much, and there was no telling how she’d respond. In any case, he was supposed to be showing her, not telling her. Instead, he turned the conversation to her.

“There’s one thing I’m curious about,” he said.

She sent him a wary look. “Shoot.”

“Why did you work there?”

Her brow creased. “You know why. I was out of money.”

Like now. He narrowed his eyes, wondering at the parallels. “That’s not what I meant. You said that woman—Damaris?—got you the interview. How did you meet her?”

“I was interviewing for a waitressing job, but they basically told me my tits were too small.” She rolled her eyes. “I’m sure you can guess which restaurant. Damaris was working there, too, and after we chatted a bit, she told me about the Planet. I went in, met Jeff and Renee, and the rest is history.”

He finished chewing and set down his fork. “It doesn’t change anything,” he said in a low voice. “For me, I mean. It doesn’t change what I think about you.”

She sighed. “I appreciate that. But I have the same question for you.” She gestured with her fork. “Why do you work here? You’re a movie star.”

He took another bite and thought about her question. “There’s the easy answer.”

“Which is?”

“It’s smart to diversify your interests and have multiple streams of income.”

“Especially for dancers.” She poked at the beet salad left on the table. “Our careers won’t last forever.”

“Right. But that’s still the easy answer.”

She turned her full attention on him, her dark eyes serious. “So, what’s the real reason?”

He could tell her that it was a low-risk venture. That Alex had done most of the legwork. That it turned out he liked owning a restaurant. But he went with the deepest reason. “My uncle owned a bakery in Brooklyn. I spent a lot of time there, and the employees and customers were like family. I wanted to recreate that out here on the West Coast, since all my real family—my grandmothers, aunts, uncles, cousins, parents—are all back on the East Coast.”

“But on a more extravagant scale,” she said, glancing over her shoulders at the other diners.

“Of course.” He grinned. “You know I don’t do things by halves. We have a lot of regular customers, and the employees stick around.”

“I don’t know what that’s like.” She picked at her napkin. “The family part, I mean. I barely know my extended family. Every so often I think about hopping a plane to Puerto Rico to try to form a connection with my grandparents, maybe even try to find my father, but what’s the point? They’d be strangers. I’m not even close with the relatives I have in New York.”

“Have you ever been to Puerto Rico?”

She shook her head. “Can you believe that? Sometimes I can’t. I was almost born there, and I’ve never even visited.”

“I haven’t been back. To Ukraine.” He shrugged. “Everyone left and never looked back. There’s nothing there for me.”

She squeezed his hand. “That’s how I feel, too. I don’t even go to New York, except for work. My great-grandmother died, and Gina moved to LA with me. My mother is the only one left there, and we . . . well, we don’t get along.”

And now Gina was gone, leaving Natasha alone. He cupped her hand in both of his and rubbed. They’d both lost the two people closest to them in this city when Gina and Nik’s careers took them away from Los Angeles.

But they’d found each other. And finally, after all this time, they were getting out their own way and coming together.

He’d make it work. He didn’t know how yet, but he was determined. For now, he just had to show her she deserved love. Once she accepted that he loved her, they could take the next step, whatever that might be.





33


By the time they finished eating, the restaurant had cleared out significantly. It was late, and the staff were prepping to close.

“Do you want a tour?” Dimitri asked. His eyes followed the movements of her tongue as she licked molten chocolate off a spoon.

Yeah, she was still wired up after the burlesque show, and she was teasing him. Sitting on his lap with his hardness pressing against her through their clothes had been the sweetest torture. Every time she’d shifted her weight, grinding her ass against him, had been intentional, and there was a good chance he knew it.

“I’d love a tour. Unlike your house, I’ve never actually been here before.”

He pressed a hand to his chest and whistled. “Ouch. Direct hit.”

“Tell me I’m wrong.”

“You’re not.” He got to his feet and held out a hand for her. Before spraining her ankle, it was something that would have driven her crazy. But the fact that he offered assistance now, every single time she got up from a chair or exited the car . . . well, his attentiveness didn’t annoy her, that was for sure. “Considerate” wasn’t a word she would have previously associated with Dimitri, but here he was, anticipating her every whim and need.

If she wasn’t careful, she’d get used to it. She took his hand and let him lead her through the door marked “Employees Only.”

“This better not be a ploy to bend me over your desk and play out some kind of boss-and-employee fantasy.”

He bit back a laugh. “Don’t give me any ideas.”

He took her through the kitchen, introducing her to the sous-chef and the cooks. A number of them spoke Spanish, and she chatted with them about the menu, praising the dishes she’d tried. Even though she was full, she tried the dishes they pressed on her, because it would have been rude not to, and also stupid. Only an idiot would turn down a behind-the-scenes tasting at one of LA’s hottest restaurants.

The waitresses asked her dozens of questions about working on The Dance Off. Apparently, Dimitri refused to talk about the show with them, and they were hungry for gossip.

Carlito joined the tour, his pride for the restaurant clear in the way he spoke about it, and his admiration for Dimitri’s restaurateur skills hidden in underlying tones.

As they were finally leaving, Carlito reiterated his earlier message once again: Dimitri had never brought another woman to Krasavitsa.

“Eres una dama especial,” he added with a knowing smile. Natasha mulled over his words as baby-faced Raul brought them the car, and came to one conclusion.

Maybe this was real.

Dimitri had brought her to the restaurant. And if Carlito was to be believed, he’d never brought another woman there.

He’d gone with her to Babe Planet, seen what it was like, and didn’t judge her for her choices when so many people would. Even more, he’d stood up for her, then stepped back to let her deal with the problem herself. Then he’d apologized for bringing her there, like it was his fault. Like she hadn’t gone there of her own volition, five days a week for three months.

And then the restaurant. The smiles from the staff. The way they teased Dimitri and couldn’t stop watching them.

As far as first dates went, it was pretty perfect. But it wasn’t a date. They couldn’t date, because if they did . . .

She didn’t want to picture Donna’s reaction. The cold smile, the flat eyes. Donna would start with an apology, but she’d be eating it up, thriving on the drama. Or, worse, she’d hold it over Natasha’s head, using it as leverage to twist Natasha’s storylines, like she did to Gina a few months earlier.

Or—shit—what if they didn’t fire her, but knocked her down to backup dancer? She’d bypassed it before, because she’d proven her skills on Everybody Dance Now. The backup dancers were fresh-faced hopefuls, happy to be on TV but aching for the chance to be pro partners. They danced during group numbers and commercial breaks, but got paid less and didn’t receive much press or attention. It would also look terrible to future job prospects. So terrible, she’d probably have to quit to save face.

God, this was a nightmare.

She should leave now. Pack her things, go crash on Lori’s couch. Find a hotel. Or just give up and put the last of her money into a one-way plane ticket to New York.

But as she looked over at Dimitri, she couldn’t do it. Even if what was growing between them was impossible, she couldn’t deny that something was there. At the very least, she deserved to indulge it tonight, if only to quiet the stupid hope clamoring inside.

What was one more mistake? She’d already made so many.

“What are you thinking about so hard over there, Kroshka?”

Taking a deep breath, she decided to tell him the truth.





34


Dimitri glanced over at her. The freeway lights skittered over Natasha’s face, casting her in bands of light and shadow. She looked as mysterious as ever, but there was a tiny crease between her brows.

At his question, she cut her eyes over to him and gave him a slow, sexy smile. “How lucky you’re going to get when we’re home.”

Leather creaked as his fingers tightened on the wheel. The speedometer ticked past eighty.

Home.

It meant everything that she’d think of his house as home. If she felt comfortable enough, maybe she’d stay.

It had been bad enough after Nik left. The quiet, the emptiness, the loneliness. If he were being honest with himself, it had been part of what prompted him to invite Natasha to stay in the first place. He’d jumped at the chance to have another person sharing his space. The house was too big for just him.

But if Natasha left? There would be no replacing her. Her sweet, sassy presence filled his home to every corner, making it feel lived in, used, and loved. She brought new scents to his kitchen, new music, and the sound of conversation and laughter. She gave him a reason to dance in his own house, something he’d always meant to do, but never done.

He didn’t want her to leave. He—and his home—needed her to feel whole.

But she was still looking up apartments, still set on moving out before the next season started filming in a few weeks.

“How turned on were you tonight?” she asked, breaking into his thoughts. “At the show.”

“I’m not sure I’ve ever been more turned on in my life.” He shot her a heated look. “Can you dance like that?”

“Burlesque?”

“Yeah.”

“Macho, are you asking if I’ll do a striptease for you?” She flashed him a wicked grin.

“I mean, you don’t have to if you don’t—”

“I will.” Her lips curled, and she got a calculating look on her face. “For you, I will.”

That was better than the “maybe” she’d given him about the pole.

When he pulled into the garage, he rounded the hood to open the door for her and help her out. She stepped close to him and put her hands on his cheeks. Her eyes were dark and hot, her smile tempting beyond belief. When she pulled him down to kiss her, he would have given her the world.

His hands settled on her waist, and she kept it light and soft. Just the warm press of lips and the tease of tongue. When they broke apart, she whispered against his mouth, “Take me inside and make love to me.”

He stroked her cheek, and because he was a dick, asked, “What about your rule?”

She kissed him again, harder this time. “Fuck the rules. Carry me to bed, Macho.”

“Don’t have to tell me twice,” he said, even though she just had. He hooked his hands under her thighs, boosting her up so she could lock her legs around his hips and her arms around his shoulders.

She laughed as he stopped to punch in the security code, keeping one hand under her ass. Once they were in the bedroom, he put the lights on low and gently set her on the edge of the bed.

She turned her back to him. “Unzip me?”

He sat beside her, skimming his hands up her bare arms. Her skin was cool. Smooth. Soft despite the strength of her dancer’s body, full of grace. He ran a finger down the elegant column of her neck, down the center of her back, tracing over the bumps of her spine. The buzz of the zipper parting fueled the tension of the moment. Goosebumps rose on her back, and when he touched his lips to her shoulder, she shivered.

“Cold?”

“No.” Her chest rose and fell with quick, shallow breaths. “I just want you.”

He turned her toward him and kissed her like they had all the time in the world. Just kissed her, just his lips exploring and cherishing every centimeter of hers, just hints of tongue and the light press of teeth. When she tried to speed the intensity, pressing closer and sucking on his lower lip, he only caressed her body in soothing, languid strokes.

When her eyes were clouded with passion and her lips wet and swollen from his attention, he pulled back.

“You’ve never said you wanted me before.”

She pressed her face into his neck, as if hiding her expression. “I would think it was obvious.”

He shook his head, craning his neck to look into her face. “It was obvious that I wanted you. Not the other way around.”

She bit her lip and toyed with his shirt buttons. He waited, heart on the line, his mind running through all her possible responses.

Finally, she looked him square in the eye. Her eyebrows tilted like she was scared, but her voice was firm. “I want you, Dimitri. Always. It’s why I’ve always said yes.”

His chest swelled. Every time he’d reached out to her, it had been with his heart in his throat, wondering if she would come, worried she wouldn’t. Ever since that first time.

Come over tonight.

Yes.

And every time since, he’d been the one to initiate, putting the ball in her court. It was why he’d driven over when her apartment was falling apart. Not only had he been worried, because she sounded distressed, but she’d also never told him no. He’d gone there prepared to . . . not beg, but . . . well, maybe beg. To find out why, at least.

Her “no” had scared him. It meant he was going to have to say more, do more. Reveal more. And so far, he hadn’t been willing to do that, not until he was sure she was also emotionally invested. The only thing that had kept him going through this whole stupid no-strings arrangement was that when he needed her, when he couldn’t be without her for another second, she was there. It was the worst kind of security, but better than nothing.

Her reliable yeses kept them going in this pattern. She’d never given any indication she wanted or needed more. Maybe it was cowardly not to offer, but what if he offered and was refused? Sure, she’d moved in, but only out of desperation and a lack of other options. Not out of any obvious emotional investment. Even now, she admitted she wanted him, but he didn’t know why. And he needed to know why.

But not tonight. Tonight was about her, about showing her she deserved to be loved. She hadn’t rejected his declaration. She just didn’t believe him. That, he could fix. And she had initiated this. That counted for something.

He kissed her again. Deeper this time, but still slow. His hands roamed her body, sliding down her arms, up her legs, and finally thrusting into her hair. “What do you want, Tasha? Tell me, and I’ll give it to you.”

“Get undressed.” Her hands made quick work of his buttons. “I want to touch you.”

“I can do that.” While he shucked off his pants and boxers, she shimmied out of her dress. Clad only in a lacy black-and-red bra and thong combo, she straddled his thighs, cool fingers roaming over his chest.

He leaned back on his hands, sucking in a breath as his cock rubbed against her leg. “Enjoying yourself?”

“Inmensamente.” She caressed his arms, and he flexed, just because he could.

“Can I touch you?” he asked.

“God, yes.”

He leaned forward, wrapping his arms around her and palming her butt. The skinny frill framing the globes of her ass teased his fingertips and drove him crazy. “You always wear the sexiest lingerie.” He breathed the words into her neck, his lips trailing along her collarbone and down, where he pressed a kiss into her cleavage. “Is it for me?”

“No.” When he lifted his head, she grinned and struck a pose, throwing her arms out and pushing her tits up. “It’s for me.”

He groaned and filled his hands with her breasts. “That’s even sexier.”

“Just wait until I take it off.” With a saucy wink, she settled back on his lap.

Eyes on his, she undulated her spine, rolling her shoulders and reaching up to slide one skinny bra strap down. When she pulled her arm free, she waved it seductively in the air before bringing it to her other shoulder. She pinched the other strap between thumb and index finger, and when he thought she’d pull it down, she instead leaned forward and shook her tits at him.

The surprise of it made him blink, but it was her sexy little smile that had his cock straining between them. Groaning, he dug his fingers into her hips. She had the tease part of striptease mastered. “You’re killing me, Kroshka.”

She didn’t answer. Arching her back, she writhed on his lap, trusting him to keep her anchored. Flipping her hair, she somehow got her other arm free. Now she cupped her breasts in her own hands, kneading them as she pursed her lips and blew him a kiss.

“Ah, fuck.” Wrapping one arm around her hips to keep her steady, he reached between them and took hold of his dick, giving it a few pumps of his hand before squeezing the base. “You’re so hot. So fucking hot.”

“You ain’t seen nothin’ yet.” She rolled her hips, bringing her warm cleft closer to his cock. She’d always been playful in the bedroom, but now, he could see she’d still been reserved. This Natasha, who taunted and teased, flirted and played, was the real her. She wasn’t holding back anymore.

If he hadn’t already been in love with her, he would have fallen then and there.

When she held her bra with one hand and reached behind herself to unhook it with the other, he pulled the fabric of her panties aside, sliding his fingers through her folds.

She hissed on an intake of breath, even as she kept the striptease going, writhing sinuously on his lap. “Yes, Macho, yes. Touch me.”

“Anything you want.” Her beautiful face, transformed by passion, drew his attention even as her breasts were bared centimeter by centimeter. Then her fingers flexed, plumping her soft flesh, and his eyes were glued to her movements. Bit by bit, her bra shivered down, closer to revealing her nipples. He parted his lips, ready to swoop in and capture one, when she whipped off the bra and covered herself with her arm. He groaned in disappointment.

“You’re such a fucking tease.”

She laughed out loud and dropped her arm, baring herself to him. “That’s the point.”

“Speaking of points.” He closed his lips around one of her dark nipples, rolling it with his tongue, and rubbed his thumb over her clit.

She clung to his shoulders, sighing. He tumbled them both onto the bed, worshipping her body with his hands and mouth. She tried to rush, pulling at him and whimpering, but he resisted.

“Shh. Ne speshi, Tasha. Slow down.” Tonight, he would take his time, and by the end of it, she would know how special she was.

She whimpered and pulled at her shoulders. “Dimitri . . .” Her voice held a note of pleading.

“Tell me what you want.”

She panted and twisted her hands in the bedsheets. “Why do you keep asking me?”

“Because this is all for you.” He kissed a line up the inside of her leg, adoring the strength of her in the tension of her skin. “You’re a goddess. You deserve to be cherished, and given all you desire.”

She pressed a hand to her cheek and looked away. Amazing that sweet words embarrassed her more than anything else they did together in this bed.

“I’m just a regular woman, Dimitri. Not a goddess.”

“To me, you are. It’s about time I started treating you how you deserve.”

“Don’t be too good to me, or I’ll get used to it.” Her voice was soft, and shy. Wistful.

“I want you to get used to it. Now, tell me what you want.”

She swallowed, and it took her a few moments to speak. “Hold me close.”

“I can do that.” Crawling up over her body, he settled next to her and wrapped her in his arms. “Like this?”

“Sí.” She snuggled against him, tucking her head under his chin. “Today was kind of an emotional roller coaster.”

He nodded, rubbing his face in her hair, inhaling the scent of figs. For him, too.

She raised her chin toward him. “Kiss me?”

“Of course.” He pressed his lips to hers, sweeping her tongue into a dance. Slow, slow, quick-quick, slow. His cock pulsed against her firm belly, but the sweetness of her mouth and the little noises she made as she squirmed against him were all he needed.

He broke the kiss to whisper against her lips, “What do you want, Tasha?”

In answer, she took his hand and brought it between her legs. He stroked her in a slow, steady rhythm until she was gasping and quivering with need.

Again, he asked, “What do you want?”

And when she answered, “Your mouth,” he shifted down and tongued her clit until she was sobbing.

When he asked her again, she surprised him.

“Be with me.”

It was all he wanted, too. Heart aching, he slipped on one of the condoms he kept in the nightstand, and covered her with his body. Now, more than ever, he wanted to tell her he loved her. He wanted to say it again and hear her response, begging her to accept him and love him back.

But tonight was about her. He knew he loved her. She didn’t. So, he had to show her.

Pushing between her thighs, he pressed against her entrance. She was open so, so soft.

“What do you want?” This was the last time he’d ask.

Her eyelids fluttered, and she met his gaze. “You.”

“Moe serdtse prinadlezhit tebe.” He hadn’t meant to say it, hadn’t meant to say anything as he slid inside her, but the words slipped out. They came from the truest part of him, and he wouldn’t take them back.

She whispered his name, and something shifted in him and settled into place. His heart pounded, and the word flitting through his thoughts was home.

Home. The scent of figs and ginger. High, surprised laughter, and the snap of temper in Spanish. Warmth in his bed, tangling with long legs and arms.

He hitched her uninjured leg over his hip and rolled onto his side, taking her with him, keeping himself lodged within her. With his eyes on hers, their heavy breaths mingling, he set the pace. Slow and steady, deep and close. Their eyes locked, and he read her pleasure there, and something else. Something in the way she clung to him, in her voice when she’d said, “You.” They’d been like this so many times before, yet this time was unlike any other.

Open. She was open, hiding nothing. Her heart was in her eyes. Maybe it always had been.

She held onto him, pumping her hips to the rhythm he set. Every time they danced, every time they fucked, she followed his lead. Whatever he wanted, she gave, without question or hesitation.

Maybe that was the sign. Maybe he’d been blind to it all along, taking her silence and reservation for disinterest, when really, she was protecting her own heart.

Did it matter that she’d never made the first move? That she never asked for more?

Why should she have? It should have been on him to willingly give it. That first day, in the rehearsal room, he should have fallen at her feet and offered her everything he was, everything he had to give.

He’d been too scared to take the risk. Too uncertain of her. But this was a woman who’d never known deep love. Of course she hid her heart.

And still, she’d given him what he asked. Every time. He’d just never asked for more, because he was the one holding back.

Where else was he doing that?

Gritting his teeth, he increased the pace of his thrusts. “I’m sorry, Kroshka.”

Her eyes crossed and she dug her nails into his shoulder. “For what?”

“I should’ve been better.” He slipped his hand around her leg to rub her clit. “You deserved better.”

She let out a high moan. “What the hell are you talking about?”

“I’ll make it up to you. I promise. From now on.” He captured her mouth as he pumped into her with shallow thrusts, keeping the focus on her clit.

Her body clenched, then spasmed. Against his lips, she cried out. He held on to her, even as her pussy squeezed his dick, even as she shook and trembled. He held her, kissed her, touched her, and then it was too much.

Too much, and exactly perfect.

His own body tightened. His skin prickled in goosebumps as pleasure zinged through him. He pressed his face into her hair and pounded his hips, setting off his own orgasm.

When it was done, he was gasping. Natasha held him, rubbing his sweat-slickened back.

“What did you say?” Her voice was quiet. “Earlier.”

He didn’t lift his head, letting her hair hide his face. Like a damn coward.

“You deserve better.”

“No. Before that. In Russian.”

Oh. That. He hesitated, but why not tell her? Time to start doing better.

“My heart belongs, uh, to you.”

She was quiet for a moment. Her hands still slid lazily up and down his back. Then she scooted down and pressed her lips to his chest, right above where his heart pounded from exertion and pleasure.

He closed his eyes. How the hell had he ever found it in him to let this woman go?

One thing was for sure. He wasn’t walking away from her ever again.





35


They took a quick shower, but before they got back in the bed, Dimitri cleared his throat.

“I want to show you something.”

Natasha’s gaze flicked down to his crotch. They were both still naked. “I’ve already seen it.”

“Not that. Something I’ve never shown anybody else before.”

She snorted out a laugh. “Okay, because we both know a lot of people have already seen your dick.”

He glared at her. “You’re a mean woman.”

Her smug smirk challenged him and turned him on. “Tell me I’m wrong.”

She wasn’t, but nerves made his voice gruff. “Do you want to see it or not?”

“You haven’t told me what it is!”

Embarrassed and out of patience, he grabbed her boot and put it on her. “Come on.” He took her hand and pulled her out of the room, ignoring her giggles.

He was about to show her his most prized possession, the compendium of his life’s work, and she was laughing about his sexual history. Better that she laugh about it. When he thought of where they could be now if he’d had the guts to pursue her earlier, he was hit with a sense of loss and regret so profound, it was like a punch to the chest.

He brought her to his office. The sight of his desk chair reminded him of coming home and finding her twirling around in it, choreographing even with an injured ankle. Both times he’d come across her in the studio, she’d seemed peaceful. At ease. Her shoulders weren’t tense, her brow unclouded by worry. When she danced, or more specifically, when she designed dances, the weight of the world fell away. She loved what she did.

It was why he’d dragged her in here now. She would understand. And after the night they’d had, he was done hiding from her.

Maybe his nerves were obvious, because she’d stopped laughing. Beautiful and distracting, she hovered near the door, arms crossed under her breasts. He probably should have grabbed robes for them first.

“What do you want to show me, Macho?”

Her voice was soft, comforting. She gave him a small smile, which bolstered his confidence.

He went to the desk and pulled out the binder. “This.”

She wandered over as he set it down, but didn’t open it. Her gaze dropped to the bold letters on the cover.

“Idea Book,” she said, reading aloud. Her curious gaze met his. “What’s this?”

He took a breath and placed a hand flat on the cover of the binder. “Detailed notes for every dance show I’ve ever conceived, since I was a teenager. I want to tell stories through dance, using choreography, music, costumes, whatever, to express universal emotions.”

Her eyes widened, and she touched the edge of the cover with her fingertips. “Dimitri, this is . . . full. Practically bursting.”

“Twenty years’ worth of concepts.” He smiled ruefully. “Only one ever made it to the stage, and it . . .”

She covered his hand with hers and shifted closer, until their bodies were touching. “Will you show me?”

Oh, he hadn’t even opened it yet. “Yeah. Sure. Let’s sit over here.”

He picked up the book and carried it over to the narrow sofa at one end of the room. It pulled out into a bed, so the office could double as a guest room. Natasha grabbed the throw blanket off the back and spread it out so they could sit their bare asses on it. Dimitri balanced the book on his knees and Natasha crowded in to look.

“Don’t laugh,” he warned her.

“I wouldn’t laugh about this.”

“You were laughing at me a minute ago.”

“Because I was teasing you. I wouldn’t tease you about this.” She nudged him with her hip. “Abrelo. I’m dying of anticipation over here.”

Now or never. He opened the cover, revealing pages he knew by heart. Each sheet lived in a plastic sleeve, connected to the three-ring binder. Flipping one by one, she stopped him four pages in.

“Esperate.” She tapped a finger on a sketch of a dancer. “Did you draw these?”

He scratched the back of his head. “Yeah.”

“Macho, these are great.”

“They’re just rough gesture drawings.”

She pulled the binder onto her own lap and took over flipping the pages. She stopped, then went back a couple, then flipped ahead. Leaning closer, she trailed her finger along the faint handwritten notes, jotted down in pencil so many years ago. Finding the song list on the next page, she hummed one of them, slightly off-tune, and her shoulder moved as if of their own volition as she read through his notes.

“I can totally see this,” she murmured, as she moved to the next page, which detailed the third act.

He swallowed hard, holding very still as she read the notes on the page, her fingertips stroking the pictures he’d pasted around the text. Some were there to evoke mood, others for color palettes or costumes.

When she reached the end of that section, she pressed a hand to her chest. “Oh.”

Nerves frayed, he jumped on the word. “Oh? Oh what? What does that mean?”

When she raised her head, her eyes swam with emotion. “It’s about losing everything, isn’t it?”

He closed his eyes for a second. “Yes.”

She nodded, and turned back to the book.

Page by page, she absorbed the physical representation of everything that lived in his heart and mind. Everything he felt about family, fear, life, loss . . . love. He didn’t look at the pages—didn’t need to. Instead, he lived it all again through her reactions. A surprised laugh, a gasp, a sigh. Eyebrows raised, then down as she pressed her lips together against some deep emotion.

Everything he was existed in this book, and he’d just given her the keys to unlocking his heart and soul.

He leaned back against the sofa, stretching an arm out behind her. Their thighs pressed together, and it took all his control not to resort to old nervous ticks—bouncing his leg, or chewing at his cuticles. He’d broken the habits long ago, but sitting beside her while she looked through this book was the most intense kind of stress. He’d never even shown this to Alex. Sure, his cousin had seen a few pages, and was aware of some of the concepts, but Dimitri had never let him flip through the whole binder.

Moe serdtse prinadlezhit tebe, he’d told her. She had his heart, in every possible way. Who knew love would be so terrifying?

Sometime toward the end, her hair had fallen to cover her face from his view. He’d lifted a hand to brush it aside, then punked out. Better that he not see. He’d wait until she was done, and then . . . well, he didn’t know what would happen. She might just say, “That was nice, now let’s go to sleep.” She might say it was all stupid, or trite.

When she reached the last page, it was late. She closed the book, and paused with her hands flat on the back cover, which held his contact info from his parents’ house in Brooklyn, in case it was ever lost. Her back rose and fell with her breaths, each one stretching his nerves further. What if she—

She set the binder aside, on the sofa, and turned to him.

Her eyes were wet and spilling over. She wiped the tears away with her fingertips. “Dimitri.”

Just his name, quiet and slow, every syllable pronounced.

She reached for him, and he sank into her embrace, needing to touch her, needing to feel her skin and hold her and—shit, to be held. Her arms went around his shoulders and her tears wet his neck.

“My heart feels so full,” she whispered. “Thank you for showing it to me.”

She hadn’t laughed, hadn’t made light of it or rejected it. She’d taken the time to review the book in its entirety, and when she was done, she’d held him.

Relief washed through him, leaving exhaustion in its wake.

“You get it?” he asked. Not the most articulate of questions, but she nodded and eased back.

“I do. It was like . . . watching you grow up, and evolve as a creator. You’ve got everything in there. I had no idea you could make these kinds of stories.”

He shrugged. “This stuff pops into my head. Sometimes it starts with a song, sometimes an emotion that sends me searching for the music. It bugs me until I put it in the book.”

Even then, the book still haunted him. Stories and characters and ideas that wanted to be brought into the world beyond the pages of a three-ring binder.

“You said only one of them ever made it to stage,” she said.

Here it goes. “Yeah. This one.” He took the binder and flipped to one of the concepts in the first half of the book.

She smiled at the page he pointed at. “Oh, I loved this one. It had so much depth.”

His chest swelled to hear her compliment, but the memories dragged him back down. “Alex and I brought it to Broadway. It wasn’t long after the alien movie, so I was riding the fame wave to get it greenlit.”

She gasped. “I remember seeing ads for this. I wanted to go, but it closed before I could save up for the ticket.”

“You wanted to see it?”

“Of course. I had a giant crush on you, remember?”

They’d been so close, in the same city. “Where in the Bronx did you live?”

“Castle Hill. 6 train. You were in Brooklyn, right?”

“Bay Ridge. R train.”

She shook her head and studied the images on the page. “Might as well have been on a different planet, as far as the subway is concerned.”

“We could have passed each other on the street and never known it.”

She gave him a sidelong glance. “I would have recognized you, for sure. But you never would have given me a second look. I was a tall, skinny teenager who hadn’t grown into her features yet.” She cupped her breasts and bounced them. “And I hadn’t bought these yet.”

His cock twitched, ready for another round. “Cut it out, or we’ll never get to sleep.” Collecting the binder, he returned it to the drawer.

“I’ve gotta ask you another question.”

His shoulders tensed. “What?”

“Why haven’t you produced any of the other things in there?”

He busied himself with stuff on the desk so he wouldn’t have to look at her, despite the weirdness of shuffling papers while completely naked. “Like you said, the show closed before you could buy a ticket. It flopped.”

“I heard it was really good. A couple of my classmates went to see it.”

He jerked a shoulder, gathering all the scattered pens into a pottery cup. “Doesn’t matter how good it is if the seats are mostly empty. My name wasn’t a big enough draw.”

Her features twisted into a puzzled scowl.

He sat in the desk chair, the fabric rough against his butt, and looked for another distraction. He started opening and closing the drawers.

“That was, what, ten years ago? You’re plenty famous now. Why didn’t you try again?”

“I did.” He slammed his hand on the desk to emphasize his words, and instantly regretted the outburst.

Natasha just gave him a mild stare, one eyebrow raised. It reminded him of the face his mother made when he was being an ass.

“You wanna try answering that again?” she said, voice bland.

He propped his elbows on the desk and rested his face in his hands. “Yeah, sorry. This is kind of, uh . . .”

“A touchy subject for you? Yeah, I got that.” She went to him, smoothing her hands over his shoulders and kneading the tension. “I’m here, Macho. You can talk to me about this.” She leaned closer, her breasts rubbing his arm, and kissed the back of his left hand where it covered his cheek. “If anyone understands this stuff, it’s me.”

He dropped his hands and looked up at her open, smiling face. She was right. It was why he’d brought this up in the first place—she would get it.

“I did try again,” he admitted. “I took more TV and movie roles, more investment opportunities—like the restaurant—so I wouldn’t be as broke as I was after the show flopped. I worked my ass off as a choreographer and producer for other people. But they were always other people’s projects, other people’s names on the line. Even with the restaurant, I didn’t come out as one of the owners until it started doing well.”

Her hand smoothed over his back, rubbing up and down his spine, but she didn’t speak.

“Then my cousin Alex and I approached some investors. Alex is my partner in all this stuff. He handles the logistics, I do the creative work. Although he’s taught me a lot, so I can handle shit on my own, but anyway, we went in with a pitch. One of the last ones in the binder. Dom Navsegda.”

She nodded, face scrunching as she thought. “The one with the hoops?”

“That’s the one.”

“What does it mean? Dom Navsegda.”

He exhaled. “It means forever home.”

“It’s a search for home,” she said, her hands stilling on his shoulders. “The person in the story is jumping through all these hoops, into all these different worlds, searching for home.”

She understood. Ukraine would always be the place of his birth. He had memories there, from his most formative years. But it wasn’t somewhere he wanted to return. He wanted to find home where he was, here. She’d seen the book, and she got it. He should have felt relieved, but he didn’t. Instead, his skin itched with the urge to hide.

Was this how she’d felt visiting the club with him? Raw, revealed, exposed?

He’d thought love would make it easier to bare your heart. It was still just as difficult, even when you trusted the other person not to stomp all over it.

When he didn’t answer, she slipped into his lap, and he filled his arms with warm, naked woman, taking solace in the feel of her skin on his. It wasn’t sexual, not like it might have been in the past, when he was desperate to be with her, and treated every second they were together as if it would be the last. Now, holding her steadied him.

“It’s you, isn’t it?” She petted his cheek, smoothing down his beard. “The man in the story, looking for home. It’s you.”

When he nodded, she lowered her hand and pressed it to his chest. “It must have been hard to leave Ukraine.”

“Yes.” The word tore from his throat, expelling all the air in his lungs with it.

Everything inside him tensed, and he closed his eyes and leaned into her, dropping his forehead to her collarbones. Her arms wound around him, holding on tight.

If someone had told him being understood by the person you loved was akin to physical pain, he never would have believed it. But to have her see him so clearly, to have her understand without him explaining, just from seeing the book . . . Either he wasn’t doing a good job of hiding it, or she got him in a way no one else ever had, except maybe his cousin.

Nik didn’t get it. He’d been too young when they moved. Alex did, because they’d been closer in age. His parents did, but in a different way. But no one talked about it.

“We dropped everything to move to America. Start fresh, my mom said. No looking back. We lost everything. Left everything.”

“I think you had it right the first time,” she murmured, stroking his hair. “At least, in terms of how you felt about it.”

His breath shuddered out of him, almost painful in its release. “Yeah. And we never talk about it. Everyone wants to forget. I get it, I do, but . . .”

“Were you scared?”

He huffed out a nervous laugh. “Hell yeah, I was scared. No one would tell me what was happening. And then one day, around the holidays, I overheard them talking about leaving. And then my cousins and aunts and uncles were gone. For months. America, they said, but I barely knew what that meant, or what it meant for us that we were going there next. And Nik was so little, always trying to run away, so I was responsible for him a lot of the time. Sledi za svoim bratom, my parents always said. Watch your brother.”

“And you were how old? Ten?”

“Ten when we moved, yes.”

Her voice was quiet, her eyes soft as she ducked her head to look at him. “At least you had each other.”

She hadn’t. She’d been alone, an only child, with only a mother who sounded like a real piece of work.

“I did. And we did have it easier than some. Alex and some of my other relatives were already here. My father spoke some English. It could have been worse.”

“Moving is traumatic.” The corner of her mouth quirked.

“My parents had this attitude about it, like sometimes this just happens. Nichto ne vechno. Nothing lasts forever. Sometimes you just lose everything and have to start over. It’s normal, or even expected.” He shook his head. “Anytime something bad or disappointing happened, like when I had to close my show: Nichto ne vechno. Oh, well. Move on.”

“Is that what you did when you tried to produce . . . let me try it . . . Dom Navsegda?”

“Good pronunciation.” He patted her hip. “And . . . not exactly. The assholes basically told me I wasn’t famous enough.”

She reared back, eyes wide, outraged on his behalf. “Are they crazy?”

“They said I hadn’t done anything mainstream in a while, and since the last show was a failure, they wouldn’t go along with it until I was back in the public eye.”

Her jaw dropped. “Is that when you joined The Dance Off?”

“Bingo.” He bopped her on the nose with his finger. “You really have been following my career.”

She scrunched her face up and looked embarrassed. “It’s the only reason why people join that show. To get famous or get famous again.”

“And it works.”

“But that was years ago. Why haven’t you done another show yet?”

And there it was. The question he really didn’t want to answer, mainly because there was no good reason.

“Busy.” He toyed with a rubber band on the desk. “Between The Dance Off, the restaurant, my stocks—”

“Dimitri.” She caught his face in her hands and forced him to look at her. “Why haven’t you done your own show yet?”

“I gotta think about it.” Even to him, that sounded weak.

She rolled her eyes. Apparently, it sounded weak to her, too. “You’re gonna make me guess?”

“Go ahead.” Shit, he shouldn’t have said that.

She shook her hair back and sat up a little straighter on his lap, a move that pushed her breasts into his face. He raised a hand to pinch her nipple, and she slapped his fingers away.

“You’re worried they’ll turn you down again.”

Her words triggered the fear, and excuses rose to his lips, the same ones he’d been telling himself—and now Alex—for ages. “I just want to be sure they’ll go along with it before I start this whole process again. It’s a lot of work, and—”

“Shut up.” She pressed a finger to his lips. “Once a week, for six months out of the year, millions of people watch you on TV. As a judge, you get more screen time than any of the dancers, while doing a fraction of the work. You’re famous, Dimitri. A fucking household name. You don’t want to be sure. You, my friend, are stalling.”

He scowled. She wasn’t wrong. He’d done it with her, too, stalling for three years, convincing himself it was because he wanted to be sure she felt the same way about him. But really? He was scared she’d turn him down.

Which was ridiculous, now that he looked at it without the lens of fear. She had never turned him down. She’d done everything he ever asked of her. He just hadn’t asked for more.

Because he was an idiot. He tightened his grip on her hips. Now that he had her, he wasn’t letting go.

“So, the question becomes,” she continued, “why are you stalling?”

He opened his mouth, but she covered it with her hand.

“I think,” she said. “You’re scared of failing. I get it, because I worry about it, too. But you’re worried about failing at something that has your name on it.”

He sucked in a breath.

“Did I get it right?” she asked, looking pleased.

He pulled her against him and rained kisses on her neck. “Nail on the head,” he growled.

She sighed and melted against him. “Just do it, Macho.”

“Here?” His dick jumped, pressing against the underside of her thigh. If he shifted her just a little, he could slip right in.

Laughing, she pushed at his shoulders. “You know what I mean. Dom Navsegda. Make it happen. You have everything you need. Stop holding back. You can’t wait for everything to be safe and secure before you make a move.”

Stop holding back. He’d been holding back in so many ways, so many areas of his life. He was thirty-five years old. Wasn’t it time he stopped waiting for the rug to get pulled out from under him?

She yawned so hard her jaw cracked.

“You’re right. Come on.” He stood, cradling in her arms, and carried her out of the office.

“I’m wearing the boot. I can walk.”

“I don’t care. I want to carry you.”

She smiled and twined her arms around his neck as he carried her through the living room and down the hall to his bedroom, where he settled her into the bed.

“You’re not coming to sleep?” she asked, snuggling into her pillow.

“I will in a minute. Just have to send a quick text.”

He sifted through the piles of clothing on the floor until he found his phone.

Let’s do it, he typed, then sent it to Alex. As he walked around the bed to plug the phone in, it buzzed in his hand.

About damn time.

He paused and typed back, You’re up?

The reply came two seconds later. I’m at the airport. Since you wouldn’t answer my calls, I’m hopping on a flight to come knock some sense into your hard head. Glad you’ve seen the light. Pick me up at the airport and be ready to work on the pitch. We need to move fast on this.

Dimitri froze with the phone in his hand. Shit, this was really happening. Just like that. Too quickly.

Alex’s flight info showed up the screen. He was arriving at LAX in eight hours.

“Macho?” Natasha’s head poked out of the covers. “Come to bed.”

How could he resist her?

He texted back one word. Yes.

Then he scooted under the covers, spooning the woman he loved. His love for her, and her understanding, chased away the fear.

He could do this. He and Alex would get the funding and produce the show. He and Natasha would sort out their lives and she would live here with him. He’d be living the dream, producing his own work with his woman by his side.

Everything would be perfect. Steady. Stable. Secure.

What else could a man ask for?





36


“You’re up early.”

Natasha lifted her head at Dimitri’s sleepy grumble. He entered the kitchen and ambled over to where she sat at the counter with her laptop.

“Morning.” She lifted her cheek. He kissed her, then sniffed the air.

“I made you some.” She pointed to the café con leche by the sink. “I’m still in the habit of getting up at the crack of dawn to teach yoga to people who are about to undo all that relaxation during their work day.”

He grunted and, after examining the elaborate swan she’d made on top, took a sip. Breathing a deep sigh, he opened his eyes fully and gestured at the crutches leaning against the counter. “How’s your ankle?”

“A little achy,” she admitted. “I think I overdid it yesterday.”

He scowled. “And you were thinking about going back to work tomorrow?”

She sighed and rested her chin on her fist. “I need to work so I can find a place to live before The Dance Off starts filming.”

His scowl deepened. “You can live here.”

“You know I can’t.” She sipped from her own cup.

He came up behind her. “What are you doing?”

“Looking at apartments.” She scrolled through more listings she couldn’t afford the security deposit on.

He made a frustrated sound in his throat. “Let me ask you something.”

“Shoot.” She clicked on a studio apartment that claimed to be near Santa Monica.

“If Gina’s such a good friend, why did she leave you in the lurch? With your rent, I mean.”

“Oh, she tried to pay through the end of the lease. I told her not to.”

His cup clicked on its saucer. “Well, that wasn’t too smart.”

She turned and shot him a glare. “Excuse me?”

“It wasn’t. How were you planning to cover the entire rent on your own?”

“I had money when she left, and an acting gig lined up for the beginning of the summer.”

He leaned his elbows on the counter next to her, getting in her space. “So, where did all the money go?”

She cringed away from him. “I was trying to be a responsible adult and fix my credit, so I paid all my credit cards down at the end of the season and closed them.”

“You closed them?” He looked incredulous. “Why?”

“So I wouldn’t be tempted and end up back in debt.”

He shook his head like he couldn’t believe what she was saying. “Tasha, I know how much money you make. How were you in debt?”

“I . . . I don’t know.” She turned back to the computer, but his questions, and the prospect of not being able to afford any of the apartments she was looking at, made her stomach burn. “I like to go shopping. That’s what credit cards are for, right? Buy now, pay it off later. So, I paid them all off. But I wasn’t expecting my car to die. Or Gina to move. The acting job covered the car, but it cleaned me out. That’s why I ended up taking all these extra jobs—for the rent. I just never thought I’d have to move out, too.”

He exhaled slowly, then dropped a kiss to the top of her head. “I’m trying not to be pushy, but I strongly suggest we have a conversation about building good credit and savings. I have a good financial adviser who can help. I know it sounds like a lot at first, but if I could learn it, so can you. Is that agreeable?”

Swallowing hard, Natasha kept her gaze on the screen and struggled to regulate her breathing. Thinking about managing money made her hyperventilate, which was why she didn’t think about it much. “Why are you so fixated on this?”

“Because I’m worried about you.”

At those words, she turned to look at him. He didn’t seem angry or judgmental. Just concerned.

“If you don’t address it, you’re going to end up back in the same situation again the next time something unexpected happens. And your solution to work so hard you run yourself into the ground isn’t a healthy one. Please, Tasha. I care about you. Let me help.”

His plea touched her heart, but didn’t dispel the fear. She shook her head. “I can’t afford to speak to your adviser.”

“Let me worry about that. I pay him so much, he’ll talk to anyone I ask him to. Will you do it? Just start with a conversation. That’s all. He’s good at answering questions.”

When was the last time someone had cared about her this much? Enough to not just help her do something, but to make sure she had the skills to do it again on her own?

She opened a new browser tab and checked her dismal bank account balance. Maybe he was right. “That still doesn’t solve the immediate problem.”

“Look, I know it’s easy to focus on the immediate when you’re in survival mode, but I want to help you manage your money for the long term. Don’t worry about an apartment for right now. No one knows you’re here, and I’m not going to kick you out.”

She counted on her fingers. “Kevin and Lori know. Nik knows. Gina and my mom know. Hell, your mom probably knows. I’m sure your brother told her.”

“He did.” His phone buzzed in the pocket of his sweatpants, and he pulled it out to check the screen. “I gotta run to the airport to pick up my cousin. Don’t worry, he’s staying in a hotel.” He pressed his lips to hers for a quick, coffee-flavored kiss. “Just chill, all right? I’ll be back soon, and we’ll figure it out.”

He sounded so confident. And all the apartment hunting was stressing her out. She minimized the tabs with apartment listings. “Fine. Go get ready.”

Twenty minutes later, he rushed back into the kitchen and rummaged in the pantry.

“What are you doing now?” he asked, emerging with a handful of protein bars.

“Working on my reel.”

He paused by her shoulder on his way out. “You’re good at making videos and stuff, huh?”

“Yeah, I bought the editing programs and taught myself. Sometimes I post stuff on YouTube—dancing to popular songs, stuff like that.”

He grinned. “I’ll have to check them out.” He kissed her again, this time with a flash of tongue and the taste of wintergreen toothpaste, then was gone.

She continued scanning through a few of the videos she’d made recently, including the one where she’d rolled around in Dimitri’s desk chair. That one made her smile, and she started thinking about dancing in rolling chairs, or wheelchairs. The choreography would be a challenge, but if done well . . .

And that was an idea for another time. She made a note of it, then went back to her existing videos. She ran through the piece she’d changed the music in, making notes of what she could tweak. It was really coming together, and she was anxious for her ankle to heal so she could try it out. Maybe she could get Dimitri to dance parts of it, so she could see how it looked.

He would do it, if she asked. She was starting to think he’d do anything, simply because she wanted it. That knowledge both thrilled and terrified her. Her whole life, she’d grown accustomed to not asking for things. Living with a single mother and two seniors, money had been tight. She’d learned early that the toys she’d seen on TV weren’t things she could have, just like she would never have supportive, loving parents like the ones on her favorite sitcom. She’d been following Gina since they were fourteen, not just because they were friends, but because Gina had done the work to include Natasha in everything she did, from auditions, to college applications, to managing their apartment in Los Angeles.

Ay dios. Gina was the most amazing friend anyone could ever hope for. And Natasha had been too scared to call her.

What could she say, though? Hi Gina. Yeah, I’ve been doing really great since you left. I’m broke, injured, living with the guy I told you I wasn’t going to see anymore—oh, and I used to be an exotic dancer. How about you?

That would go over brilliantly, and Gina would have a million questions about Dimitri. No easy answers there, either. He said he loved her, and she was starting to believe him. But what did it matter, if loving him cost her everything—her job, her independence, her ability to prove to her mother that she was good enough?

The doorbell rang, interrupting her troubling thoughts.

Natasha yanked off her headphones and grabbed the crutches. It was going to take her three times as long to get to the front door with these things.

On the way, the rubber bottom on one of the crutches got caught on a throw rug, and she nearly knocked over a lamp. Whatever was being delivered better be worth the trouble. Cursing under her breath, she hobbled over to the door and wrenched it open.

Her heart leaped into her throat and she gasped.

¡Carajo! ¡Coño! ¡Puñeta!

La Diabla stood on the front steps, flashing her signature smile, thin and evil. “Morning, Natasha.”

Natasha swallowed. “Hi, Donna.”

Fucking Donna.





37


There was a surprising lack of traffic around LAX that morning, and Dimitri made good time. Alex texted that there was a problem with the luggage carousel, so Dimitri parked in the lot. While he waited, he pulled up Natasha’s YouTube videos on his phone.

Her face appeared on the screen, full makeup but with her hair pulled back into a tight ballerina bun. Her image waved and grinned. “Hey everyone. Thanks for all the likes on the last video. ¡Los quiero mucho!” She blew kisses at the camera and introduced the song she was about to dance to.

Dimitri couldn’t hold back his smile. She was too adorable, too beautiful . . . and holy shit, too talented. His smile faded as he watched her dance.

He’d seen her dance before, of course. Countless times. But it was always to someone else’s choreography—including his own—or her own routine danced with an unskilled partner.

This was something else. Her classical ballet training was evident in her strength and the lines of her body, the way she completed each movement. She incorporated moves from other dance styles seamlessly, in a way that fit the music and the story being told. When a text message popped up on the screen over the video, he cursed and swiped it away. But it was from Alex, so he switched apps to check it.

In the parking lot, he wrote back. Come find me.

Alex knew what the Porsche looked like. Dimitri went back to the video. As soon as it was over, he watched the next. He was on the fourth when Alex knocked on the car window.

Dimitri popped the trunk, and finished watching the video—danced to a sexy R&B song—while Alex tossed his suitcase inside. When his cousin slid into the passenger seat wearing a scowl very much like the one Dimitri often sported, Dimitri picked up the second coffee from the cup holder and passed it to him.

Alex gulped down half the cup before speaking. “So, you finally pulled that stick out of your ass and decided this was a good idea?”

“Posmotri na eto.” Dimitri switched to Russian and thrust the phone at him. “Look at this choreography.”

With a sigh, Alex took the phone and sipped his coffee while he watched. Dimitri leaned in to watch it again. When it was over, Alex passed the phone back.

“So?”

“So?” Dimitri shook the phone at him. “She’s amazing. She’s even better than I am.”

Alex raised an eyebrow. “Is that the woman who’s living with you?” He glanced back at the phone. “She looks familiar. Is that Natasha Díaz, from your TV show?”

“How do you know she’s living with me?”

Alex rolled his eyes. “You just answered my question, and now I know why you were ignoring my messages. Your mother told mine that Nik said you’re living with a woman, but he wouldn’t say who she was.” He tipped his cup toward the phone. “Now I know. She’s one of the dancers from your show. Isn’t that a conflict of interest, since you’re a judge?”

“Shut up.” Dimitri started the car. “I got you a room at a hotel.”

Alex snickered. “Don’t want to intrude on your little love nest.”

Why did everyone keep calling it that? “Did you fly all the way across the country to make fun of me or to talk about producing a show?”

Alex rubbed his eyes. “You’re right. I’m a little punchy. Didn’t sleep much last night.”

“I’ll drop you off at the hotel. Drink some more coffee, take a shower, whatever. Then take a taxi to the restaurant. The staff arrives early. I’ll meet you there and we’ll talk about the pitch.”

Alex yawned. “Why not now?”

“I forgot the notes.”

“When are you going to start doing this digitally?”

Dimitri shrugged. “I think better on paper. Easier to sketch out my ideas.”

“You know you can draw on computers now.”

“I know. I have one that does it. Not the same, though.”

“Fine.” Alex pushed the seat back into a reclining position and popped on his sunglasses. “So, tell me what’s going on with Natasha.”

And because it was Alex, and Alex was practically his brother, Dimitri told him. Everything. There was an accident on the freeway, so they had a lot of time.

By the time they pulled up to the hotel, Alex was rubbing his forehead.

“Hold on, hold on. Let me get this straight.” They’d switched back to English. “You’ve been messing around with Natasha—and other women—for three years, when what you really wanted this whole time was her?”

Put it like that, and it sounded terrible. “Yeah.”

“Because you were too chickenshit to tell her you wanted to—what? Be her boyfriend?”

Scowling, Dimitri parked in the drop-off lot. “I guess. Yeah. She was dating other people, too.”

“And now, because you work together, you have to keep it quiet that she’s living with you, and she’s still trying to move out.”

“Correct.”

“Have you even told her how you feel?”

“I said I love her and she didn’t believe me!”

“Well, shit. I wouldn’t believe you either.” Alex squinted at him. “How exactly did you tell her?”

Dimitri rubbed a hand over his face. “That’s private.”

Hooting with laughter, Alex smacked his arm. “That means you fucked it up. Come on, tell me. Please. I flew all this way and you’ve made me listen to this whole stupid story for the last forty-five minutes.”

“I’m not telling you.”

“Fine. Don’t tell me. But take it from someone who’s married—words are shit. You’ve got to back it up with action.”

“I’m trying.”

“Action she sees as loving, not your weirdo version of it.” With those parting words, Alex climbed out the car. “Pop the trunk, jackass.”





38


Donna raised her thin eyebrows. “Can I come in?”

Pendeja. Natasha’s fingers clenched on the doorknob, itching to slam it in Donna’s smug face. But Abuela had taught her better than that. Without a word, Natasha shifted to the side and held the door open.

Donna strolled into Dimitri’s living room and took a seat on the sofa, like she belonged there. “Nice place.”

Natasha shut the door. “Dimitri’s not here.”

“That’s fine. I came to see you.”

Of course she had. It had been obvious the second the door opened. Donna hadn’t seemed the slightest bit surprised to see Natasha opening Dimitri’s front door, propped up by a pair of crutches.

The bitch knew. That’s why she was here.

Still, no need to play all her cards yet. Natasha maneuvered around the furniture and took a seat in the plush brown leather armchair. It would have been easier to sit on the sofa, but she didn’t want to sit too close to Donna.

Once she was settled, she tried for a pleasant smile. “How can I help you?”

Much better than what she wanted to ask. What the fuck do you want?

Donna leaned into the cushions, resting her arm on the back of the sofa. Just making herself right the fuck at home. Her gaze flicked toward Natasha’s wrapped ankle and she sighed. “Didn’t I tell you not to get hurt?”

“I’m fine.” Natasha kept her breathing even, her face carefully blank. “I’ll be back on my feet soon.”

“You’re probably wondering why I’m here.”

“I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t.” Flippant wasn’t the right move with Donna, but when Natasha was on edge, she got mouthy.

“I heard a rumor you were injured, so I stopped by your apartment to check on you. Since Gina’s gone, I wanted to make sure you had help.” Donna raised an eyebrow. “Seems like someone else is offering assistance, according to your building’s super.”

Coño. Manny had spilled the beans.

Donna kept going. “He said a big Ukrainian guy was picking up your mail, and you were staying with him. I figured I would find you here.” She spread her hands. “And here you are.”

Natasha said the first question that popped into her head. “Wait, you speak Spanish?”

Donna inclined her head. “I do.”

Natasha narrowed her eyes. “Why didn’t I ever know that?”

“It’s more convenient to have people think I don’t. You know how it is. Some people look at you differently when they know.”

“Es la verdad, pero no me importa.” Natasha continued in Spanish, testing the other woman.

Donna only shrugged and replied in English. “We all make our own choices for how we go about being Latina in this industry. You, apparently, have made yours.”

Natasha sucked in a breath. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

Raising a hand, Donna swirled it to indicate the space around them. “I get it, I do. It’s a hard industry, and an uncertain one. One bad injury, and it’s all gone. Or you age out. Whatever. It’s much easier to shack up with a rich guy, especially one who’s at that settling-down age, with family on his mind.”

“What?” Was this bitch for real? “¿Qué díces?”

“That will give you an out, if you want it.” Donna nodded at Natasha’s ankle. “If you want to blame it on the injury, play it up more, get a doctor to lie and say it’s worse than it is, they’ll let you out of the contract. Then you can keep on playing house with Dimitri.”

“What? No. That’s not what I want.” This conversation wasn’t going at all how Natasha thought it would, and Donna’s implications were offensive.

Worse, they mirrored what her mother said when she found out Natasha was living here. What happened, it got too hard and you’re looking for a man to make it easier? God, she had to get out of here, or everyone would think she was taking the easy way out.

“Then figure it out. Otherwise, you’re fired.”

Fuck. Natasha struggled to keep her tone calm. “Don’t worry. This is a temporary solution. I’ll be healed soon and back in my own place.” Whether that was the apartment she was currently playing rent on or not, well, that remained to be seen.

“See that you are.” Donna got to her feet. “Sleeping with one of the judges is way worse than sleeping with your celebrity partner. With Gina and Stone, people could tell they were into each other. But this? You know what people will say. At best, they’ll call you a slut. At worst, they’ll say you’re jealous of Gina and you’d do anything to win.”

“That is a fucked up thing to say, and you know it’s not true.”

Donna shrugged. “I’ve made it far in this industry by being able to predict audience reactions. I’m just warning you.”

And by manipulating people into doing what she wanted for those reactions, but Natasha kept that thought to herself.

“Don’t get up, I’ll let myself out.” Donna headed to the front door and paused. “A word of advice, Tash. I’ve known Dimitri longer than you have. The men in this industry . . . they’re not worth it. You’re a good dancer, a good choreographer. You have the potential to build a bigger career. Don’t throw it away for a guy who will never commit.”

To her eternal shame, the words, But he loves me, flitted through Natasha’s brain. God, she was so stupid.

Maybe he did love her. Who cared? Love was transient, unreliable. She had to think about herself. She couldn’t rely on him to fix everything for her.

“Bye, Donna.” Don’t let the door hit your ass on the way out.

“Make the right decision, Tash.” The door clicked shut.

Natasha sat for a minute, replaying the conversation in her head. After resetting the security code, she hobbled back to the spare room, which still held most of her stuff, and opened her suitcase on the floor. It was time she took control of her own life, busted ankle or no.

It was time to move out.





39


Traffic had cleared by the time Dimitri got back on the freeway and headed toward his house.

Show her with action, huh? Hadn’t that been what he was doing? Helping her with physical therapy exercises, taking her to the restaurant, showing her with his body how much he cherished her—short of stepping in to solve all her problems for her, what else was he supposed to do?

Maybe romance. They’d completely bypassed that entire part of relationships. Hell, they’d only been on one date, and it was to visit her old place of employment and the restaurant he currently owned. It hardly counted. They should go on a real date. To dinner, or something. At a place he didn’t own. Or a movie premiere, or a launch party, or a—shit, those weren’t the kinds of dates real people went on. Had he become so removed he no longer knew how to date a woman he wanted to spend the rest of his life with?

Yep. He had. Time to remember how to be a real person.

He called his brother and put him on speaker through the car’s Bluetooth.

“Yeah?”

Nik had never learned the proper way to answer the phone. “It’s me.”

“I know, fool. What do you want?”

“Where do you go on a date with someone you really like?”

There was a pause, followed by hooting laughter. Dimitri gritted his teeth and decided to make a detour on the way home.

“Just tell me.”

“Are we talking about Natasha?”

“Of course.”

“Bro, isn’t it a little late for this? You guys have been . . . you know . . . for years now.”

“Never too late.” Dimitri parked in the lot and popped in his earpiece so he could continue the call outside the car. “What’s wrong? You don’t go on dates?”

“Oh, I go on dates. You’re the one who doesn’t go on dates. Too busy living that celebrity life.”

It grated, because Nik was right. Clubs and parties filled with other celebrities weren’t the same.

While Dimitri surveyed the selection at the supermarket, Nik spilled the goods. “You live in LA. There’s tons of shit to do with women. Go to a museum, go to the beach, go hiking, go to a couples spa. It’s all about spending time together and sharing experiences. Doesn’t really matter what you do. Hell, you could take in a movie and share a giant tub of popcorn, like the regular folk do. Go see something scary so she has to cuddle up next to you.”

“Cuddling?” Dimitri made his choice and ran to pay.

“Yeah, it’s supposed to be a precursor to sex, but you guys skipped over all that. You gotta show her you’re not afraid of creepy dolls or haunted houses, shit like that.”

“Wait, dolls? You lost me.” Dimitri jogged through the lot back to his car, clutching his purchase. “Okay, so movies, outdoor shit, sharing experiences. Got it.”

“Why do I get the feeling you’re going to fuck this up?”

“I’m not.”

“You are. And it’ll be glorious to watch. Except Ma will be upset.”

“Nobody’s gonna be upset. Call me if you think of any other dates.”

“No. You’re on your own. Don’t fuck it up.”

“I wo—”

The line went dead. Dimitri tossed his purchase onto the passenger seat and raced back to his house.

Anticipation built as he got closer. Not to home, but to her. The two had become synonymous. Home. Natasha. Home. Tasha. A longing in his gut, pulling him toward her. The lingering scent of figs and ginger.

He loved her so much. He’d spend forever showing her, if she’d let him.

Last night, they’d crossed a threshold. He’d revealed everything he was—his hopes, his dreams, his fears. She’d seen him so clearly, and when he approached her about her own challenges—managing her finances—she seemed more open to letting him help. As much as he wanted to swoop in and fix everything for her, she wouldn’t welcome it, and it wouldn’t help her in the long run.

Just because she let him get away with being pushy didn’t mean he had to be that way all the time.

Compromise. That was a couple thing, right? They were on their way. They’d make it work.

He parked in front of the house, too anxious to even use the garage, and besides, he had to get back to Alex. Going in through the front door, he paused, holding his gift, listening for her. Rustling noises came from the spare bedroom. Smiling, he strode through the living room to greet her.

He froze the second he hit the doorway. What. The. Fuck.

Instead of Natasha’s sassy grin, he was met with chaos. She sat on the floor, right foot stuck out straight, surrounded by everything she had brought with her from her apartment. At the moment, she was cramming those things into her suitcase and duffle bags.

He blinked. His heart pounded. None of it made sense. “What are you doing?”

He hadn’t meant to say it out loud, but she turned. Behind her red-framed glasses, her eyes were wide and wild. He had a flashback to a few weeks earlier, when he surprised her at her own apartment. She had the same look on her face.

“Packing.” She said it like it should have been obvious, then turned back to her work.

Panic. She was leaving. Once again, he was losing everything. The floor no longer felt quite so steady under his feet, and he balled his hands into fists, leaning on the doorjamb. His breathing had sped up, but he sucked in a breath, and when he let it out, the words flowed in something close to a roar. “You’re leaving?”

She didn’t even flinch. “Donna will fire me if I don’t.”

Since she hadn’t turned to look at him when she spoke, he strode into the room and stood in front of her so he could see her face.

She glanced up at him, then stilled when she saw the bouquet of flowers crushed in his hand. Her eyebrows dipped, and her mouth fell open. Before she could say a word, he tossed them aside, into a corner of the room, and crouched down.

“Kroshka.” He placed his hands over hers, keeping them still. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry I yelled, and I’m sorry I ruined the flowers. I was trying to surprise you.”

“You’re fine. I know you yell. I don’t care. I’m Puerto Rican. We yell all the time. And you know who surprised me? Donna. Donna surprised the fuck out of me when she showed up here and threatened to fire me. But the flowers are nice. I like flowers.”

She was babbling, speaking a mile a minute. He leaned in and kissed her, and when he drew back, she had tears in her eyes.

“Dimitri, I can’t.” Her voice was hoarse, and she refused to look at him. Her hands fluttered under his, and she gave a helpless shrug that broke his heart.

“We’ll figure this out,” he told her, striving to sound more confident than desperate. Because if he gave voice to the panicked oh shit she’s leaving she’s leaving she’s leaving running through his head, she’d never believe he was the kind of guy who wasn’t afraid of haunted dolls, or whatever the hell Nik had been talking about. He held her hands in his, and ducked his head until she looked him in the eye.

“We will figure this out,” he said, more forcefully this time. “Calm down. Please.”

Her eyes were still round, but she nodded.

“I have to run to meet Alex at Kras, but when I get back, we’ll make a plan. Together. Trust me, okay?”

Her gaze fell to the clothing spilling out of her suitcase. “Dimitri, I—”

“Please. Trust me.” He kissed her forehead. Please god, let her be here when he got back. “I’ll get you new flowers.”

Heart in his throat, he ran to his office for the Idea Book. While opening and closing drawers, looking for the binder, he caught sight of the plain folder that housed his contract for next season of The Dance Off.

The solution was staring him in the face. If he quit, Natasha could keep her job, and they could stay together.

But if he quit, how would he get his show off the ground? It was the whole reason why he’d joined The Dance Off in the first place. He needed the fame to make his next show happen. If he quit, he’d be right back at square one, unable to secure funding for his own work.

He slammed the drawer shut. They would find another way.

After unearthing the Idea Book, he ran out to the car and drove to meet Alex.





40


The second Dimitri’s Porsche drove off, Natasha resumed packing. After finding her phone under a pair of sweat socks, she called Kevin.

He picked up on the second ring. “Tash! What’s up, girl?”

“I need a favor.” She shoved more rolled-up socks into the corners of her suitcase.

“Sure, whatchu need?”

“A ride to the bank.”

A beat of silence. “Yeah, of course. Everything okay?” The joking, pleasant tone had faded from his voice.

“Just please come get me, okay?” Her voice broke, and Kevin’s tone turned instantly alarmed.

“Anything you need. I’ll be right there.”

When Kevin showed up, he didn’t ring the bell. He banged on the door and hollered her name until she made her way over on the crutches to let him in.

“What the hell? Why are you screaming?” She scowled as he entered the house. “Are you trying to make the neighbors call the cops? And how’d you get here so fast?”

“Are you hurt?” Kevin’s normally carefree demeanor was replaced by intense concern. He gripped her shoulders, scanning her with his pale green eyes. “You scared me. It sounded like you were crying, and I was worried—”

She shook him off. “I’m fine. Just overdid it walking around on my ankle yesterday, so I’m not taking chances. I need to be fully healed by the time the show starts up.” She pointed to the bedroom. “I have to get out of here. Can you help me get my stuff out to your car?”

Kevin’s face transformed into a dark scowl. “What did he do to you?”

“Nothing! Carajo, Kev. I was going to explain in the car, but I guess I better tell you so you don’t think Dimitri’s some kind of monster.” She pushed up her glasses and rubbed her eyes. This was all too fucking much. The stress had her permanently on the verge of tears, and her arms were starting to hurt from leaning on the crutches. But Kevin was going to be an overprotective pain in the ass unless she explained. “Donna came by today. If I don’t get out of here, I can kiss my job at The Dance Off goodbye.”

“That asshole.” Kevin ground his jaw. “I swear, she lives to torment people.”

“Yeah. So, help me with my stuff and drive me to the bank.”

She hadn’t brought much with her to Dimitri’s, and they were able to jam it all in Kevin’s Tesla. What the hell was up with these guys driving around in totally impractical vehicles?

“Maybe we should take my car,” she said. “There are thousands of dollars’ worth of beauty products in that tote bag you’re manhandling.”

“I’m not leaving my car here.” Kevin gave it one last shove, then slammed the trunk. “Besides, what do you think Dimitri will do to my car when he comes home and finds you gone?”

Her palms started to sweat. She didn’t want to think about Dimitri’s reaction. “Just get me to the bank. Please.”

Kevin helped her into the passenger seat, then climbed in on his side. They took off down the driveway. Kevin drove like the hounds of Hell were nipping at his heels. Natasha scrambled to put on her seatbelt.

“What are you going to do at the bank?” he asked, as she set up the GPS on his phone.

“Ask for a loan or a credit card.”

He shot her a pained look. “Tash. Come on. Why won’t you let us help you? Lori’s worried. She texts me about it all the time.”

“I know. She texts me, too.” On her own phone, Natasha price-checked hotels and sublets. There had to be something she could afford without going into overdraft.

Kevin banged a hand on the wheel as his phone called out the freeway exit. “This is ridiculous. Just stay with one of us until you get back on your feet. I mean, literally and figuratively. We want to help.”

“You guys have been incredibly helpful. More than I ever would have asked for. Covering my classes, checking on me—I really appreciate it. But this is something I have to figure out on my own. I can’t keep leaning on other people. And if I stay with you or Lori, Donna will accuse me of the same thing—sleeping with you guys for the convenience of having someone take care of me. She basically called me a slut, and Dimitri a sugar daddy.”

Kevin shook his head, glaring darkly at the road. “I can’t stand that woman. Manipulative people make me . . .” He trailed off, but his hands tightened on the wheel and his knuckles turned white.

At the bank, Natasha limped inside, wearing the boot. Twenty minutes later, she was back in the car, mouth pressed into a thin line.

Kevin glanced over at her. “What happened?”

She didn’t want to tell him. Didn’t want to admit how fucked up her life was, or how much of a failure she was. She’d never wanted her friends to know. But she’d dragged Kevin into this now, and he deserved the truth.

Besides, what did it matter anymore?

“My credit is terrible. A new card will need to be approved, and I haven’t updated my latest tax and income info, so all of it will take time. Same for the loan. Dimitri was right. I do need to get my finances in order. Fuck.” She shoved her glasses up and pressed her hands to her eyes. “I’m screwed.”

Helplessness surged in her, a hot wave that threatened to spill out through her tear ducts. “I don’t know what to do.”

Kevin gave her shoulder an awkward pat. “If you won’t stay with me, at least crash with Lori.”

“Lori has two other roommates who are horrible to her. I’m not going to sleep on their sofa.” The tears started, and she wiped them away. “I’m stuck. I’m going to have to go home.”

“Home?”

“The Bronx.” She let out a shuddering sigh and dug a tissue out of her purse. “To my mother’s apartment. I’m still injured, so I can’t work. Can’t work, can’t make money. Can’t make money, can’t get my own place before The Dance Off starts. I’m a failure, and everyone was right. I can’t make it on my own as a dancer. Without Gina’s help, keeping me on track, I’m a fuck-up on my own.”

“Whoa, whoa. Slow down. Who was right? Who’s saying that? Dimitri”

“No.” Natasha blew her nose. “My mother. Donna.”

“Tash—”

Her phone rang, cutting him off. She frowned at the screen. “Hold on. It’s my super.”

She picked up and held the phone to her ear. “Hola, Manny. ¿Qué tal?”

He said something, but it was so outrageous, she cut him off. “Esperate, Manny. No entiendo. Por favor, dímelo despacio.”

“Sí, señorita.”

She put the phone on speaker and set it on the dash.

“Su apartamento está listo. Debido a los problemas con la habitación, no tienes que pagar la renta por dos meses.”

“Gracías, Manny. Un momentito.” Natasha tapped the mute button and stared at Kevin. “Did you understand any of that?”

He scrunched up his face in thought. “Your apartment is . . .”

“Ready.” She punched a fist in the air. “My apartment is motherfuckin’ ready and two months free rent!”

She picked up the phone again, taking it off mute and speaker, and made arrangements with Manny. When she hung up, relief flooded through her, and she heaved a huge sigh. Finally, things were starting to look up.

“Where to?” Kevin asked, starting the car.

“Home. My home.”

“What about Dimitri and your car?”

Good question. “I’ll figure it out later.”

Hollywood, get ready. Natasha was coming home.





41


Dimitri chewed on his fingers while Alex pored over the pages in the Idea Book, focusing on Dom Navsegda. He made notes on his laptop occasionally and didn’t speak much. Even though they’d pitched Dom Navsegda before, Dimitri had completely reworked it, and Alex hadn’t seen the new version.

The tension was driving Dimitri crazy. In his mind, he got up and paced, smacking the walls. It was something he’d done as a kid when he was anxious, or impatient. Walking up and down the hallway, running his hands along the walls, smacking his palms on the doorjambs, until his mother handed him a soapy sponge and told him to wash his dirty fingerprints off her walls.

Dance and sports had been perfect outlets for a kid who hated sitting still. And when he did have to sit still, he resorted to other nervous ticks, like chewing on his fingers and nails. It was a nasty habit, one he’d finally broken years before. He’d managed to refrain last night only by keeping his hands full of Natasha’s lean body, but she wasn’t here now, and there was no stopping him.

Finally, Alex closed the binder. “Get your hands out of your mouth,” he said in a mild voice.

Caught. Dimitri slammed his hand on the table. “That’s really all you have to say?”

Alex stared at him a moment longer. He had the best poker face of everyone in the Kovalenko family. No one else could hide their feelings very long. But then Alex’s face broke into a smile, and he reached across the table to slap Dimitri on the arm.

“This is great,” he said. “Really fucking great.”

“Yeah? You think so?”

Alex flipped open the book again, made a note of something on his laptop, then nodded. “I do. You’ve always had good ideas, and the one we did back in New York all those years ago was really good. But this one goes way beyond that. It’s way better than when we tried it the first time. This is going to be a hit.”

“If we can get the funding.” It was the thing that had hung over him for years. Back then, he’d begged and borrowed from everyone he knew, sinking all of his own savings and earnings from Aliens Don’t Dance into the project. No one had recouped their money on the investment, but over time, Dimitri had paid back every single one of his family members who’d believed in him, thanks to Alex’s meticulous financial records. But when they’d approached backers in LA a few years ago, they’d turned him down. He’d be damned if he let that happen again.

So he hadn’t tried. Natasha had cut right to the heart of it. He hadn’t even put himself in the position of having anyone say no to him.

“We’ll get funding.” Alex was typing again. “This is too good. Only an idiot would turn this down. It has that ‘same but different’ quality the execs are always looking for, and it’s the kind of show only you could do. It has your stamp all over it. If we get the pitch together immediately, we can line up some meetings before I go back to Jersey. Where’s your assistant?”

“I fired him.”

“What? Why?” Alex scowled at him. “I interviewed two dozen people to find him for you.”

“He was scared of me.”

“That means he was smart.”

“I can’t have someone around all the time who’s scared of me.” Dimitri gestured around the bistro. “No one at Kras is scared of me. Sometimes I wish they were, but it’s easier to work with people who aren’t stuttering and shaking when they talk to me. The assistant you hired did that.”

It just hit him. Natasha had never done that. Maybe it was because she’d known who he was from the movie, but even from their first meeting, she’d never cowered before him. She was quiet, and she followed his lead, but it wasn’t out of fear. She’d seen him yell and slam things, and she responded as Alex did, completely unfazed. And she still wanted to be around him.

Alex just shook his head. “We’re going to have to hire some people, if we’re going to get this going before my kid is born.”

“Right. My godchild. How’s Marina?”

“She’s good. Not much in the way of morning sickness anymore, which is why I felt okay flying out here. Her sister is staying with her while I’m gone.”

Good. Marina was good for Alex, who tended toward more serious moods, although his sarcastic side came out with Dimitri. Marina brought out a softer side of him, with her bright laughter and sweet demeanor. She teased Alex, pulled him out of his shell. They would make good parents.

It got Dimitri thinking. What did others see when he and Natasha were together? There weren’t many people he could ask. Hardly anyone had seen them together. But his brother and the Krasavitsa staff seemed to think they’d be good together. They saw something even he hadn’t been able to see for too long.

Natasha was right for him. He’d known it from the moment he first danced with her, first held her in his arms and moved with her in a silent rehearsal space.

Maybe he was right for her, too. He’d have to show her how right they could be together.

But she was probably still at home packing. Real life had intruded on the bubble they’d created over the last few weeks, and she was fleeing like a scared rabbit. Again.

Alex was typing with one hand while flipping through the Idea Book pages with the other.

“You really think we can do this?” Dimitri asked.

His cousin stared at him over the laptop screen, eyes dark and intense like they got when he was working. “Yes. Don’t be stupid.” He went back to typing.

“I just mean—”

“Mitya, cut it out. We’re doing the show. It’s brilliant.”

“Really?”

“I’m not going to sit here inflating your ego. It’s too big as it is. And if you make a ‘that’s what she said’ joke, I’ll murder you right here in your own restaurant and then Nik will be my child’s godfather.”

“But don’t you think—”

Alex rolled his eyes and shut the laptop. “Stop making excuses. What the hell is wrong with you? None of the things that stood in our way before are there now. This is the best idea you’ve ever had, and you’re more famous than you’ve ever been, thanks to that dumb show. What’s the problem?”

Dimitri sucked his teeth. Maybe if he told Alex the problem, his cousin would have a solution. “It’s that dumb show. That’s what’s in the way.”

“Why?” Alex frowned. “Didn’t you turn in your contract? I looked it over for you weeks ago. It’s good to go.”

“I haven’t turned it in yet.”

“For god’s sake, why?”

Because it felt like failure? Because they couldn’t do what they were about to do without it, and he hated to admit how much he needed it?

Those had been the reasons before, but now, he had a whole new reason that outweighed all the others.

And Alex’s faith scared him. What if they failed again? What if they couldn’t do it before Marina gave birth, and he lost his biggest supporter? It would all fall apart without Alex. Dimitri came up with the ideas, but Alex worked tirelessly behind the scenes to make them happen.

Alex had helped him since the beginning. Lining up ballroom dance competitions, and making sure Dimitri had transportation and costumes. Securing auditions, including the one that led to Aliens Don’t Dance. Every step of the way, Alex had been there, pushing him, cursing him, believing in him.

Instead of answering Alex’s question, Dimitri asked one of his own. “Why do you do all this?” He gestured at the laptop, the Idea Book. “Why do you help me?”

Alex gave him his patented unimpressed stare. “Because you’re family, stupid. And you’re more talented than I’ll ever be. Our parents brought us here to make a difference. That’s what my dad used to say, remember? ‘The Kovalenkos in America. People are going to know our name.’ I don’t have the talent to do it, but you do. If I can help, it’s just as good. Besides, I hate the spotlight, and you eat that shit up.”

“You don’t do this for Nik, though.” Dimitri didn’t know why he was harping on this, but suddenly it seemed important to know why Alex was here, why he had always been here whenever Dimitri needed him. “Nik’s a performer, too.”

Alex shrugged and opened the laptop again. “Nik’s not as serious about it. He doesn’t remember what it was like before we moved here. He doesn’t know how good he has it. If he were serious, I’d help him, too. But he doesn’t want help. He doesn’t see how much more we can be and do when we work together. He’s stuck on doing it himself.”

Alex could have been talking about Natasha, and it was only then that Dimitri noticed the similarities between Tasha and Nik. They were even the same age.

And just like that, he got her. She wasn’t ever going to be okay with him trying to fix things for her. But he could help her do it herself.

And then he had a plan.

“The Dance Off threatened to fire Natasha for living with me.”

Alex’s eyebrows raised. “Huh. That’s messed up.”

“She’s trying to move out. I was thinking, if we can get this show going, we can hire her as choreographer.”

“I thought you were going to choreograph it.”

Dimitri shook her head. “She’s better than I am. She’s amazing. And she gets the show.”

Alex smirked. “I think this is the first time I’ve heard you admit someone is better than you are at something. Must be true love.”

“Shut up. But if we can get this going before the next season starts, we can hire her, and she can quit The Dance Off.”

Eyes narrowed, Alex leaned in. “And then she can live with you and it won’t be a conflict of interest? She’d be dating the boss.”

“But it would be different. We’d be a team.”

“And what about you? You’d stay on The Dance Off?”

“Yeah. It’ll build publicity for Dom Navsegda, and make it a bigger hit, and we’ll both be successful from the new show.”

“Hmm.” Alex pressed his lips together and turned back to the computer.

“What? It’s a good plan, right?” He didn’t want to quit. Well, he did, but not now. One more season, while he got Dom Navsegda off the ground. He needed it. Without The Dance Off, everything would be too uncertain. How would they get the financial backing, the publicity, to make it a hit otherwise?

“Sure, man. Good plan.”

Alex’s face had settled back to its impassive lines. Dimitri was sure he was lying. But he couldn’t think of another solution that worked best all around. He got to his feet.

“You good here? I’m going to go get her, tell her she can quit and do this instead. I want her involved in the pitch process.”

Alex didn’t look up. “Yeah, you do that.”

As Dimitri walked away, he was pretty sure he heard Alex mutter “idiot” behind his back. He didn’t turn back to ask why. His attention was set to Natasha, and he couldn’t wait to see her again, to tell her he’d found a solution for their dilemma.

And to make sure she was still there.





42


The first thing Natasha noticed was the smell. Her apartment no longer smelled like hers. The scents of adobo, coconut oil, and ginger had faded from the air, replaced or overpowered by the impersonal smells of fresh paint, plaster, and the lingering odor of whatever had been used to drive back the infestation.

This apartment had been her home for years. It was the place where she could relax, the place she could navigate in the dark. But now, it looked foreign to her. Plastic covered the floors and all her furniture, none of which were in the right spots. Most of her stuff was still here, but now, instead of looking like her things, her belongings that had once been so important to her, it was all just . . . stuff. She’d lived just fine without it for weeks.

Uneasiness slowed her steps as she ventured further inside, her footsteps crinkling the huge sheets of brown paper covering the carpet. A fine layer of plaster dust coated all of the plastic-covered furniture, and hung thickly in the air. Natasha opened Gina’s door first, where she’d stashed all her shit before leaving. It, too, had been painted, her stuff moved to the center of the room and a giant plastic tarp thrown over the pile.

Not Gina’s room anymore. Not Gina’s apartment anymore. Her roommate, her best friend, wasn’t ever coming back. Gina was gone, off in New York City, or Alaska, or wherever she and Stone found themselves at the moment.

A sinking sensation in her gut weighed her down, but she pushed through, maneuvering around the now unfamiliar living room toward her own bedroom.

The door was ajar. Natasha nudged it open further and stepped inside.

Her room, her haven, was bare and white. A fresh coat of paint masked the repairs, and the smell was stronger in here. Without her tall lamps, it was dark, but enough light poured in from the curtainless window to show they’d done a good job on the ceiling, fixing the hole and smoothing over the damage from the leak. They’d even installed fresh wall-to-wall carpeting. It would be like moving into a brand new apartment.

Once, the thought would have filled her with excitement. Getting the whole place painted without having to do it herself? It was a renter’s dream. But the thought of filling this cold, alien space with her things no longer appealed. Refilling her closet would be exhausting, just from the sheer volume of her wardrobe. Why on earth did she own so much clothing?

Dimitri was right. She had to take a good hard look at her spending and figure out why she was buying so much and living beyond her means.

But that was a problem for another day, and she didn’t want to think about Dimitri now. Or how comfy and inviting his bed was. Or how he had a pool and a private dance studio space. They couldn’t continue.

She had her apartment back. Calling it “home” at the moment just didn’t feel right. But she had a place to live that was hers and hers alone. No one could accuse her of awful things now.

And she could live here rent-free for the next two months. She’d be able to recover before the season began without having to hustle. She could teach a few of the less strenuous classes so she could pay her other bills and buy food, but once she was settled in, she’d take a look at her expenses and pare down. She probably didn’t need to pay for cable TV and all the streaming services.

And best of all, when her mother came to visit for the premiere, Natasha could show her that she had her own place with a guest room for Esmeralda and her friend to stay in. A guest room. For a family that had to portion off the living room to make a bedroom, a guest room was the height of luxury. When Natasha unpacked, she’d decorate and make this place look even nicer than before. Maybe then Esmeralda would see how well she was doing, and finally offer some praise.

Natasha limped into the kitchen, which would need a full scrub down. White footprints from the workers’ boots covered the tiles, and the dust had gotten everywhere.

Maybe this didn’t feel like home, but she would sure make it look like it was before her mother arrived.

Sliding her phone out of her back pocket, she sent Kevin a text. All looks good. You can bring everything up.

Kevin was chilling in the garage. She’d pointed out the luggage cart before she came up, so he could unload her bags onto it and bring them up in the elevator.

Before he arrived, she sent one more text, even though her muscles locked with tension, as if trying to stop her.

I need this job. I’m sorry.





43


Halfway up the stairs to Natasha’s apartment, Dimitri remembered her building had an elevator.

Too late now. Didn’t matter. Blood pounded in his veins, amped by anger.

Anger was easier. Easier than fear, easier than betrayal, easier than loneliness. The phrase nichto ne vechno ran though his mind. Nothing lasts forever.

No, damn it. He wouldn’t let it happen again. He wouldn’t lose her. Fuck The Dance Off and her producer for their meddling. Whatever had happened, he would fix it, and he’d bring Natasha home.

He was convinced now. Home was what his house had become over the days she’d lived there, a place they created together. All these years, he’d been looking for a sense of home again, and he’d found it—with her. She was home to him. She’d given him a feeling of stability that had been missing from his life for twenty-five years. And he had the feeling, or at least the hope, that he’d been able to do the same for her, that his efforts to show her that he loved her, that she was worthy and deserving of love, had succeeded.

Regardless, he wasn’t giving up without a fight.

When he got to her apartment, his chest heaved with exertion and emotion. The door was open, but he pounded a fist on it anyway as he entered.

Five heads whipped around in his direction. Natasha sat on the floor in the center of the living room, flanked by Kevin Ray and Lori Kim. In the kitchen stood two other pro dancers from The Dance Off, Jess Davenport and Mila Ivanova.

Shit. An audience.

“Everybody out!” he barked.

Kevin’s brow lowered. He opened his mouth, but Natasha laid a hand on his arm.

“It’s fine. Just give us a few minutes, please.”

Lori got to her feet. “Let’s go to the froyo place on the corner,” she suggested in a nervous voice, and sidled past Dimitri without looking at him.

The other dancers followed him out into the hallway. Kevin stared him down, Jess seemed unconcerned, and Mila muttered in Russian, “Don’t be an asshole.”

Dimitri shut the apartment door behind them, then went to help Natasha to her feet. “Tasha, what the hell are you doing?”

The words tumbled from her lips in a nervous rush. “They gave me my apartment back, rent-free for the next two months. I need the job, and I need this place. I’m staying here. I’ll make arrangements to get my car back soon.”

“You can get the car when you come back—”

“Stop.” She held up a hand. “Don’t ask me.” She wouldn’t even look at him, keeping her face turned away. “If you ask, I won’t be strong enough to say no, so please, if you love me, don’t ask.”

Betrayal and confusion warred with him, making his muscles tense. He loved her. He’d just learned to embrace that, to ask for and offer more. Wasn’t that what she’d wanted? “I don’t understand.”

“We can’t keep doing this. I can’t. It’s a risk, but if we go back to how it was before—it’ll break me. I can’t do it again. I tried to stay away from you before, but you kept bringing me back in, so this time, I need you not to try. I need you to let me go.”

“I don’t want to let you go.”

“I need you to. Don’t you get it? I have to do this myself. I have to prove I’m good enough—that I can live on my own like a responsible adult, that I can fix my finances, and get my life back on track.”

“I can help you. I’ll get you an apartment, somewhere closer to me, and—”

“What, like a kept woman? I don’t think so.”

“Fine, then. Let’s get married.” The words came from nowhere, suddenly in his brain and coming out of his mouth. While she stared at him, open-mouthed, he repeated them back to himself. Actually, they didn’t sound half bad.

She snapped her mouth shut and shook her head. “You’re out of your fucking mind. We’ve been on one date. And it will look even worse if I suddenly elope with one of the judges.”

“Stop worrying about this. I’ll take care of you.”

“Don’t you get it? That’s not what I want! I want to take care of myself.” She rubbed her eyes. “You’re too intense, and you make things too easy for me. You don’t think it’s tempting to let you take care of everything? It fucking is. But I need to know, for myself, that I can do it on my own.”

There was nothing he could say to that. He wanted her to accept his love, but to do that, she had to feel within herself that she was worthy of love. He couldn’t force her to feel that way. It was something she had to do on her own.

Just when he was starting to feel like things were settled, at least in this area of his life, she was gone.

He was alone.

He took a step back, because it was what she wanted.

“I’m . . . I’m sorry you feel that way.” God, that was just the lamest fucking thing he could have said. But words failed him now. So he spoke from the heart. “I’ll fix it, Kroshka. I’m going to give you your space, because you’ve asked for it, but trust me, I will fix this. I am not walking away from you again.”

He wanted to kiss her, to hold her, but his resolve was thin, and he got the feeling hers was, too.

If it was this hard to pull away from each other, wasn’t that a sign they should give in and be together?

But this wasn’t the time to push. He understood now. This was what she wanted. And he’d told her he’d give her anything she asked of him.

She wanted space? She wanted to fix things on her own? He’d give her that space.

And in the meantime, he’d continue to help from afar. Once his show was set up, he could hire her. And in the meantime, there was one more thing he could do.

Leaving the apartment, he took the stairs again, needing to burn off the restless energy. He didn’t have time to be depressed or lonely. He had too much work to do.

He called Alex, told him to rent a car and meet him at his house. Then he raced home, and headed straight for his office. Once there, he yanked the folder with his contract out of the desk, and with great satisfaction, stuffed it into the shredder.

Then he called his brother, his parents, and every single person who owed him a favor.





44


After her friends helped make the apartment livable again—with furniture where it was supposed to be and free of plaster dust—Natasha worked out an agreement with the management company. After the two months were up, they would allow her to break the lease and move into a one-bedroom apartment elsewhere in the building, applying her existing security deposit to the new place. In the meantime, since her ankle was still too sore to risk dancing on it, she got a head start on packing and purging.

For the first time in a while, she had free time where she wasn’t worrying about survival. Amazing how much energy stress used up. With Lori and Kevin’s help, Natasha sold off her collection of clothes and shoes. Nice as it was to have cash in her pocket and space in her closet, parting with the items wasn’t easy. She snapped pictures of herself in each item one last time, and caressed the fabrics until Lori snatched them away from her and stuffed them into shipping boxes.

Once, just owning them made her feel successful, even if she had never worn them. Being able to buy them, to select an outfit from a closet full of beautiful pieces, had made her happy.

It seemed so silly now. They were just clothes. Overpriced and totally impractical. She was a dancer. She lived in yoga pants most of the time, and when she performed, costumes were provided. Having a wardrobe like this was just a status thing, so she could feel good about herself when she went out. And since she’d had the nice clothes, she’d gone out a lot. Both fed into each other, a vicious cycle of spending more and more money. And what did she have to show for it? Nothing. A bunch of photos on her phone. No wonder she didn’t have any money left.

And now she was keeping her job on The Dance Off for the financial security. Why? So she could buy more clothes she didn’t need?

And at what cost?

She shut down that line of thinking. The cost was painfully obvious every time she went to bed alone, struggled through her budgeting spreadsheet, or made a single cup of espresso in the morning.

At least she’d be prepared for her mother’s arrival in a few weeks. Esmeralda wasn’t as awful when other people were around. Maybe if the friend she was bringing appeared to be impressed, Esmeralda would find it in her to bestow praise as well.

Yeah, and maybe Donna would turn out to be a decent human being. Not gonna happen.

But for the first time in her life, Natasha was living on her own terms.

And if she wasn’t all that happy about it, well, that was life.

To thank Kevin and Lori for all they’d done, Natasha hosted dinners at her apartment. They brought the groceries, and she cooked up huge meals for them, experimenting with different cuisines and dishes. Sometimes they invited the other pro dancers, too, but most of the time, it was just the three of them.

A week before Natasha was set to meet her new partner for the upcoming season, she invited Lori and Kevin over to try out an array of summer salads.

Kevin arrived first, with five bottles of wine. Natasha gave him a stern look. “Kev, you know I’m cutting back on drinking.”

“I know, I know. Just stocking up for the next time.” He stuck two bottles of rosé in the fridge, and popped the other three into the small wine rack on top. Then he hovered over the large bowls on the counter. “What do we have here?”

Natasha pointed to each one. “Watermelon with feta and mint. Salmon with mango and avocado. Shrimp and nectarine. And a classic orzo with veggies.”

“You’re the best.” Kevin made himself at home, pulling down wine glasses and opening the bottle of white wine she had chilling in the fridge.

Natasha’s phone rang on the counter while she was setting out dishes and utensils. She thought it would be Lori, calling from the car, but her agent’s name flashed on the screen. She answered, and Kevin took over setting out the flatware.

“Hi, Penelope. What’s up?”

Penelope jumped right in, speaking fast. “Hey, Tash. I was approached about a big choreography opportunity for you. They’ve seen your YouTube videos, and they want you to come in for a meeting in two days. It’ll be a few months of work, and go a long way toward billing you as a real choreographer.”

“That sounds amazing. When would it start?”

“Immediately.”

Natasha frowned. “Pen, I already have a job. I’m meeting my next partner next week.”

“I know, but we could use your ankle to get you out of it. This is a really good opportunity.”

The buzzer rang, and Kevin went to let Lori in.

“I don’t know, Pen. I’ll think about it.”

“Think fast. I really think you should at least meet with them. Maybe it could lead to something else. The Dance Off doesn’t have to be forever.”

“I know. Thanks.”

They hung up.

Kevin came back from opening the apartment door for Lori. “What was that about?”

“My agent. Someone reached out to her about a choreography job.”

“Isn’t that what you want to do? I mean, yeah, we choreograph dances every week for the show, but making up short routines for non-dancers is totally different than a job as a choreographer. You should take it.”

Natasha pressed her fingers to her forehead, which suddenly throbbed with pressure. “It’s too much change all at once. Anyway, I said I’ll think about it.”

Lori bustled in. “Oh my god, you guys. You will not believe what I heard today.”

“I’m going to pour the wine. I have the feeling we’ll need it.” Kevin ducked into the kitchen.

Lori kicked off her big turquoise and silver high tops and ran over to Natasha. Her eyes were wide, her mouth pinched in a serious little frown. “Tash, I know who your next partner is.”

“Really?” Natasha perked up. “Donna hinted a while ago that he was a musician.”

Lori shook her head slowly. “Nuh-uh.”

Kevin pushed wine glasses into their hands. “Don’t drag it out, Lor. Spill.”

Lori took a deep breath, then blew it out in a rush, words tumbling out. “Tash, don’t be mad at me. I’m just the messenger. But as soon as I heard, I knew I had to tell—”

“Lori!” Natasha and Kevin both yelled her name in unison.

“Spit it out.” The longer Lori stalled, the more her nerves high-kicked into gear. Natasha took a sip of wine to soothe them.

Lori’s hands flapped by her sides, but she nodded and said, “It’s Rocky. Rocky Lim.”

Natasha froze.

Kevin spoke up. “Rocky Lim, from those martial arts car racing movies? Is he—oh, shit.” He turned to Natasha, a hand covering his mouth. “Didn’t you and he used to . . . ?”

She nodded, then knocked back the glass, chugging the rest of the wine. “Yeah. We used to. And Donna knows it.”

Lori shook her fist in the air. “Fucking Donna! Why would she even do that?”

Kevin glowered into his wine glass. “I know why. She’s a manipulative little punk. She’s keeping Tash in line, showing her how much she can mess with her life, and trying to destroy her connection to Dimitri.”

Lori’s eyebrows shot up. “Oh. Does Dimitri know about you and Rocky?”

Natasha shut her eyes. “He knows. We once ran into him at a perfume launch party. I was with Rocky, he was with some TV host.”

Lori mouth twisted. “Maybe I’m wrong?”

“How’d you find out?” Kevin asked.

“Not too many Asians in Hollywood. There’s a gossip grapevine.”

Natasha grabbed her phone. “You’re not wrong. Look.”

She pulled up some texts, and showed them the screen.

Kevin scrolled through. A bunch of texts from Rocky, most of them general greetings and variations of “How’s it going?” with photos taken around England and comments on British TV shows.

The last one read: Hey, babe. Give me a call when you’re free. Followed by a winking emoji.

Kevin pointed at the phone. “That’s a booty call right there.”

“It means he’s in town.” Natasha took the phone back. “I didn’t call him. Didn’t even think of it. But that means he’s here. And if he’s here, then there’s a chance you’re right, Lori. I wouldn’t put it past Donna to swap him out as my partner.”

Lori squinted up at Natasha’s head. “Is he even tall enough to be your partner?”

“Barely.” Natasha hit Penelope’s number and put the phone to her ear. “Pen? Yeah, hi. Set up that meeting and email me the details. Thanks.”

When she put the phone down, Kevin and Lori gave her guilty looks. Their hands were in the watermelon, mint, and feta salad. They were eating it with their fingers.

“Sorry,” Lori mumbled around a mouthful of watermelon. “All this drama makes me hungry. You got any popcorn?”

Natasha growled and handed them forks. “Fuck it, just eat out of the bowl. How is it?”

“Delicious,” Kevin said through his own full mouth. Watermelon juice dripped down his chin.

“Great.” Natasha sat at the counter and covered her face with her hands. “I have to quit.”

A full glass of rosé appeared by her elbow.

“Will it really be that bad?” Lori asked, scooping forkfuls of orzo salad out of the bowl and into her mouth. “By the way, this could use a little more lemon, if you have it.”

“In the fridge.” Natasha sat back and lifted the wine glass. The first had gone straight to her head, but she no longer cared about her resolution to stop drinking so much.

Kevin answered for her. “It’ll be bad. Dimitri will lose his shit when he sees her dancing with Rocky, and I bet you anything Donna thinks sticking Rocky and Tash together will cause some fireworks, and maybe even give them cause to fire you next season anyway.”

Someone knocked on the door and Natasha groaned. “Now what?”

Lori gasped. “What if it’s Rocky?”

Natasha shook her head and slid off the high bar stool. “It’s Manny. He was going to come by earlier to scrape one of the bathroom door hinges that got painted over.”

“This is better than HBO.” Lori tasted the shrimp salad and her eyes rolled back in her head. “Oh god. This is to die for.”

“Let me try.” Kevin approached with his fork.

Natasha went to open the door, her thoughts buzzing. If she could film the final piece she’d been working on and get it edited before the meeting, she’d be in good shape. With her mind on her choreography reel, she pulled open the door and froze.

It wasn’t Manny.

Gina threw her arms in the air and yelled, “Surprise!”





45


A flood of emotions kept Natasha’s feet rooted to the floor.

Surprise, for sure. Gina was supposed to be in Alaska or New York, not Los Angeles.

Shock, since she’d expected Manny.

Shame, because everything in her life had fallen apart since Gina had left, and she didn’t want Gina to know how messed up everything had become.

Fear, that Gina would judge her.

But overwhelming them all was joy.

Her friend was back.

And then Natasha’s feet were moving, crossing the threshold over the apartment, and she and Gina were crushing each other in a tight bear hug.

It wasn’t until her breath hitched that Natasha let herself feel how much she’d missed her friend.

Gina’s familiar embrace, the scent of her shampoo, the way she squeezed before letting go, grounded Natasha in a way nothing else had in the past few months.

When they eased back, they were both wiping the corners of their eyes.

“So, what’s been going on?” Gina asked, dragging her rolling suitcase into the apartment.

“Ha!” From the kitchen, Kevin barked out a laugh, echoed by Lori. “What hasn’t been going on?”

At Gina’s curious look, Natasha beckoned her further inside. “I guess I should fill you in.”

“You guess?” The further Gina moved into the apartment, the more her eyes widened, taking in the boxes and remaining tarp. “Did you repaint the walls?”

And then some. “It’s . . . kind of a long story.”

“Give me a minute, and then I want to hear all of it. You’ve been tight-lipped since I left.” Gina took off her shoes by the door, then went into the kitchen to hug Lori and Kevin. After scooping a bit of each salad onto a plate, Gina gave Natasha an expectant look. “Well?”

“Let’s talk in my room.” Natasha led the way into her bedroom.

Gina stopped just inside the door, gazing around and chewing. “Where’s all your stuff?”

“It’s part of the story.”

They sat on the edge of Natasha’s bed. Natasha’s stomach fluttered with nerves.

“I need a minute.”

Gina shrugged and tucked into the food. “Take your time.”

Natasha didn’t want to do this, didn’t want to admit how much she’d fucked up since Gina had left. How incapable she was of handling her life on her own. It was different with Lori and Kevin. They still didn’t know the full story—Lori didn’t know about her credit, and neither of them knew about Babe Planet.

And while no one needed to know every bit of her life, she was holding back out of fear of judgment. She didn’t trust Gina not to judge her. And that was kind of shitty way to think about your best friend. Of anyone, Gina deserved to know.

All along, Dimitri had pushed her to open up to Gina. To reach out to her. He’d seen how she was struggling, unmoored, and while he’d tried to help her himself, he’d also understood the need to connect with the one person who knew you better than anyone else, and who still loved you.

Her mother didn’t accept her life choices, but Gina always had, even when she didn’t agree with them. Despite the evidence, Natasha still hadn’t seen fit to open up to her.

Now or never.

It was hard, but Natasha told her everything. From closing out her credit cards and buying a new car, the extra jobs and leak in the ceiling, the sprained ankle and Dimitri’s confession of love, Babe Planet and Donna’s threat, all the way to breaking up with Dimitri and moving back into the apartment. She even included the most recent developments—Donna’s revenge through Rocky Lim, and Penelope’s call.

When Natasha finished, the relief of having spilled everything left her weak, but she anxiously awaited Gina’s response.

Gina was quiet. She’d set her empty plate aside on the floor, and she sat now leaning back on her elbows. Finally, she said, “Why didn’t you tell me?”

Natasha could have asked, “About what?” She’d spilled so much tonight. But she knew what Gina meant. Why hadn’t she told her . . . all of it. Any of it. Why hadn’t she asked for help.

“I’d been leaning on you for so long, I figured it was time I stood on my own two feet.” She lifted her right foot, a simple bandage pulled over the ankle like a sock. “Guess that didn’t turn out so well.”

Gina hugged her around the neck, and Natasha’s breath hitched again. It was what Abuela would have done. Maybe that was why they were friends. Maybe that’s why she loved Gina so much.

“You’re doing great,” Gina said. “Get your mom’s voice out of your head.”

That did it. To have someone know her so well and still love her . . . The tears came, and Gina rubbed her back. Again, just like Abuela would have.

“I missed the hell out of you,” Natasha admitted.

“I was worried about you. But I figured if things were bad, you’d tell me.”

“I’m sorry I didn’t. I didn’t want to bother you.”

Now Gina gave her a punch in the arm. “You’re my best friend. You’re never a bother. That’s part of the best friend pact. Didn’t you know?”

“Now I do.”

“You were there for me when all the shit went down at the end of the last season.”

Natasha narrowed her eyes. “Yeah, but you also tried to hide your relationship with Stone from me.”

“Well, I didn’t want to think it was a relationship. If it was just a hookup, why did I need to tell?” She sighed. “I get it, though. Sometimes things feel too raw to share. And if I’d known you were struggling when you first moved here, I would have come out sooner. I wouldn’t have left you alone for that. And I would have made you take rent money this summer.”

“I know you would have. That’s why I didn’t tell you. I’m not your responsibility, Gina. I’ve made mistakes, but . . . I’m learning.”

Gina was quiet for a moment. “I’m sorry if I’ve been pushy, or overbearing, in any way. It’s just—you’re my friend, you know? I don’t want to see you struggle if I can help. But I hear you. And you’re right, we have to make mistakes so we can learn from them.”

They lapsed into companionable silence. Natasha looked around her room, the bed and dresser the only items in it. The walls were bare. She’d put the curtains back up, only so she didn’t have to worry about the people in the neighboring building looking in on her. The closet was empty, aside from a few items that would wrinkle if folded into the drawers. Most of it had been sold, and the rest was already packed. Turned out, clothes didn’t make the woman, and she didn’t need that much after all. Living out of suitcases while at Dimitri’s had shown her that.

This wasn’t her home anymore. This apartment, this symbol of her independence, her success, no longer held any meaning to her. She had been so determined to come back here, to prove to herself to her mother, and hell, even to the producers, that she could make it as a dancer.

Who was she kidding? Paying rent on a basic-ass apartment in Hollywood wasn’t a measure of success. Lots of people managed to do it. Yeah, it was great to be able to pay your own bills, but now it seemed like such a silly thing to stake her identity on. The apartment didn’t define her. The stuff she’d filled it with didn’t say anything about her skill as a dancer or choreographer.

She glanced at her ankle. Being a dancer didn’t even define her anymore. Who are you if you’re not a dancer?

Who was she, if she wasn’t a dancer? Who was she, if she couldn’t pay her own bills, pay rent on her own apartment, and support herself from her craft?

She was Natasha. Still, now, and always.

Compulsive spending and the need for external markers of success had held her back and kept her locked into a lifestyle and a job that didn’t respect her. She didn’t owe Fucking Donna any loyalty. And Donna had said it herself, Natasha could use her ankle as an out.

“I think I’m going to quit The Dance Off,” Natasha said out loud, mostly to hear how it sounded. It sounded good.

Gina raised an eyebrow. “You think?”

Natasha shrugged. “It’s just a job.”

And if she got a different one, a better one, she could explore more of who she was without it.

And maybe she and Dimitri could explore who they were together.

Gina patted her leg. “Glad you see the light.”

And for once, the future looked bright.





46


Since Natasha had an apartment full of dancers, she dragged Kevin and Lori away from the salads—everyone had chosen a different favorite—and hustled them all outside to the tiny courtyard the building boasted. It mostly held a few giant trashcans and some plants, but it caught the late afternoon light, and it had space.

Kevin stood at one end with Natasha’s camera on a tripod. The other women set their phones to video, to catch different angles.

“You’re sure you’re okay to do this?” Lori asked.

“The doctor cleared me to dance again.” Thanks to Dimitri. If left to her own devices, she would have pushed it too hard, too soon, and likely injured herself again. Now, she felt stronger than ever, thanks to physical therapy and a break from her soul-crushing work schedule. Sitting on a bench off to the side, Natasha powdered and tied on her oldest pair of pointe shoes, then popped in her wireless headphones.

Gina gaped in horror. “You’re wearing pointe shoes on concrete? You’re going to ruin them!”

“For this? Worth it.”

Gina pursed her lips like she wasn’t convinced, then glanced at the sky. “I think we only have enough light for one take.”

“Aww shit, Gina, look at you,” Kevin teased. “Spend some time in Alaska and you can tell time by the clouds.”

Gina stuck her tongue out at him.

Natasha took her mark.

“You sure your ankle is healed enough?” Lori called out. Lori was in charge of controlling the music on Natasha’s phone, which she held in one hand, her own phone in the other.

“It’s fine.” Natasha tuning them out, wrapping her head around the choreography she’d been tweaking for months. Of course, she would have loved more time to perfect it, to fine tune each turn and leap. Or better yet, to work on it with Dimitri, to get his unique take on the movements. But there wasn’t time. The meeting was in two days.

Now or never.

She gave Lori the nod. A second later, the music pumped into her ears, starting with dramatic violins. She launched into the dance, starting with classical ballet moves. The pop beat joined in. Natasha picked up the tempo. I am a masterpiece, the singer declared. Natasha spun, arms outstretched. The chorus came to an end, and the singer cried out, You ain’t seen nothing yet. Just watch me fly.

Natasha flew.

A flurry of leaps and spins she’d learned in ballet, body rolls she’d learned on the pole, elements of paso doble learned in the ballroom, and when the music paused for a beat, a perfectly executed arabesque that felt like coming home.

She put everything she was into this dance. All of who she was. She’d never done well in school, but she’d studied dance forever, learning different styles every step of the way.

Maybe the question was actually, “Who are you if you can’t dance?”

She was Natasha. And she was a motherfucking dancer. Mind and body, heart and soul. She was a dancer. Her muscles held a lifetime’s worth of dance training. Her history and worldview informed the pieces she created.

No one could take this from her. No injury, no disapproving mother, no asshole producers. This was hers.

You ain’t seen nothing yet. Just watch me fly.

Damn it, she was going to fly. Fuck failure. She was over it.

Time to do things her own way.

The song and the dance came to an end. In the last spears of light from the setting sun, Natasha untied her ruined pointe shoes and hurled them across the courtyard.

And Kevin, Lori, and Gina, because they were good friends who followed instructions, kept the cameras rolling until she gave them the slashing hand signal to cut.

When the cameras were off, Lori and Gina screeched, and Kevin clapped his hands over his ears.

“Oh my god, that was amazing,” Lori gushed.

Gina passed Natasha her flip-flops. “You have this choreography job in the bag.”

“Killer dance, babe.” Kevin folded up the tripod.

Their praise warmed her, but even better, she knew she’d killed it. Her thoughts drifted to Dimitri. Once, she’d wanted his praise like she’d wanted her mother’s. Now, she just wished she could share this moment with him. And all moments. Damn it, she loved him. She loved dancing with him, fighting with him, cooking with him. The man was infuriating at times, but his passion for life stirred her up and made her want more. For once, she wondered if wanting more wasn’t a bad thing, like she’d been raised to believe.

If she played her cards right, they could have lots of moments together. “Whoever I’m meeting doesn’t know what they’re in for.”

As she headed back upstairs with her friends, for the first time in . . . who knew how long, she knew exactly who she was. And nothing that had happened before or would happen in the future would take that away from her.

Two days later, Natasha strode into the casting office where her meeting was set to take place. She had her laptop tucked into her shoulder bag, with her reel and her latest piece, which she’d spent every waking minute editing until it was as perfect as she could get it.

She wore a slate blue silk blouse, stretchy black pants with a cool stitching pattern, and silver stilettos, one of the few pairs of fancy shoes she’d kept. Her hair was pulled back in a high, thick braid, and after spending most of the summer fresh-faced, she’d gone heavy on the dark eye makeup.

She looked fucking awesome as hell, and her videos were going to knock them on their asses. She was so ready for this meeting, it wasn’t even funny.

Still, nerves threatened to eat into her confidence. This meeting had the potential to turn things around for her. Not just for her career, but the rest of her life.

She was days away from meeting her next partner for The Dance Off—Rocky, a guy she’d already “met” in every sense of the word. What her agent didn’t know was she’d already decided to quit the show. She didn’t want Penelope to flip out, so she’d decided to tell her after the meeting, regardless of how it went.

And after that was done, she’d give Dimitri a call. The thought of it gave her the same mix of excitement and nerves as the meeting.

Natasha took a deep breath and stopped before the admin’s desk. Before she spoke, she sent up a tiny prayer to the dance gods. I ask for this or something better.

Even if this didn’t work out, she’d book something else. She had the talent and the skill, and a unique perspective lots of other choreographers didn’t have.

No matter what her mother said.

The receptionist directed her to the correct room. Down a short hallway, Natasha paused with her hand on the knob, took another deep breath to clear her mind.

Now or never.

She clasped the knob and turned.





47


There was every possibility this would backfire, but after days of working nonstop to make this meeting happen, there was no more room for doubt.

Dimitri sat at the desk, keeping his hands flat on the surface so as not to chew on his nails. In truth, he didn’t have energy for doubt. He was wiped the fuck out.

Whatever was going to happen, would happen. He was putting all his cards on the table, and if he lost . . .

Well, then, damn it, he would try again. He wasn’t giving up.

The worst-case scenarios had already happened. His first show had been a flop. His second attempt had been turned down over something as stupid as his level of fame.

And the woman he loved hadn’t believed in his love. Again.

He’d survived all of it, and he’d survive whatever came next.

“Breathe.”

To Dimitri’s right, Alex was the very picture of calm. He was there to lend legitimacy to this meeting, so Natasha would know it was a serious offer and not some misguided ploy to get her back. The last thing Dimitri wanted to do was make her uncomfortable.

“I am breathing,” he grumbled.

“It’s going to be okay.”

“Easy for you to say. You put a ring on it within two months of meeting Marina.”

Alex’s lips quirked. “I always was smarter than you.”

Dimitri couldn’t argue. Then the doorknob turned, and he tried not to throw up on the desk. When Natasha stepped into the room, his heart leaped into his throat, and for a long moment, they just stared at each other.

God damn, she was gorgeous. She looked like her old self, but there was something different about her. A confident tilt to her chin, a challenge in her eyes.

But also, confusion. Brows drawn, she glanced at Alex, then looked over her shoulder, into the hallway. Dimitri found his voice and got up from behind the desk.

“This is the right room,” he said, and she turned back to face him. “Please, come in. Have a seat.”

“Macho, what is this?” She sounded confused, but she sat in the chair he offered, and she called him Macho. That was a good sign. “I thought I was here for a meeting about a . . .” Understanding dawned on her face, in those expressive eyes, and her mouth twisted in a frown. “Did you set this up to get me to come talk to you?”

“No.” He went back to his chair, but couldn’t bring himself to sit. Too much nervous energy. Instead, he perched on the edge of the desk and crossed his legs at the ankles. “I mean, yes, I wanted to talk to you, but I swear, it’s about choreography. Also about choreography.”

Damn, he was screwing this up. She looked puzzled and slightly disappointed.

Alex saved him by jumping straight into the pitch. “Hello, Ms. Díaz. My apologies for surprising you this way. We were able to secure funding for Dom Navsegda, and we were hoping you’d be interested in accepting the role of choreographer.”

Natasha listened, then stared at Dimitri with a poker face that could rival Alex’s. “Why?”

Dimitri answered quickly, speaking from the heart, before Alex could give a smooth reply. “Because you’re the best choreographer I know.” He shrugged. “You’re better than I am, and I don’t say that lightly. And you’re better than Kevin, even though people seem to think the sun shines out of that guy’s ass.”

Alex sighed, but Natasha’s lips quirked. “That’s true, people do think that.”

“Yeah, well, you’re the best, and I want the best, and I also want to give you the chance to show the world what you can do with real dancers.”

“How do you know what I can do?”

“We watched your YouTube videos,” Alex said. “They served as an effective example of your skills, and we think you’ll be a good fit for this project. Besides,” he jerked a thumb in Dimitri’s direction, “you already know how to put up with this guy.”

With a glance at Dimitri, Alex got to his feet. “I’m starting to feel like a third wheel, but I want you to know we’re very serious about this offer. I think you’re the best person for the job. Please consider the offer.” He shook Natasha’s hand, shot Dimitri a warning glance, and exited the room. The door shut with a click.

Natasha crossed her arms. “Okay, Dimitri. Real talk. What is all this about?”

He shook his head, spread his hands, and struggled to find the words. “You’re amazing, Tasha. I don’t know how else to say it. And you understand this show, this story, in a way I don’t trust other people to get it.”

“It’s a good story,” she murmured.

“Think about it,” he said. “You don’t have to decide now. I’ll have Alex send all the other details to your agent. But please think about it. And I hope you take it. You don’t have to take me, but please take the job. You’re perfect for it, and I think it’s perfect for you.” He snapped his fingers. “Oh shit. I meant to lead with this part. I quit The Dance Off.”

She stared at him for so long, he surreptitiously wiped a hand over his face to make sure there wasn’t something stuck to his beard.

“You quit?” she finally said.

“Yeah.” He let out a breath. “I thought I needed to be there, to take advantage of the fame so my own show would be successful. But if that’s what I’m relying on, I either don’t have much faith in my show, or it’s not as good as I think it is.”

When she didn’t say anything, he scratched the back of his neck. “Look, I’m too tired to play this cool. I want you. In my home, in my bed, in my life. It took me way too long to say that. I get it. I should have told you the day we met. But I was an idiot. So, I’m saying it now. I love you, Tasha. I told you, I’m not walking away from you again. I want us to be together. You and me. Building something real and solid together. As dancers, if you want. As a couple, if you want that, too.” He threw up his hands. “Damn it. I’m making a mess of this. I’m sorry I’m such an awkward asshole.”

Her steady gaze unnerved him. “Tell me exactly what you mean to say.”

He fidgeted, then got up to pace. “You.” He gestured at her with both hands. “Me.” He pressed his palms to his chest. “As, like, a couple.”

She stood and approached him, running her hands up his stomach and up over his shoulders to lace together behind his neck. In those shoes, they were the same height. “Macho, are you saying you want commitment?”

He grabbed her hips. “Yes, damn it, that’s what I want. That’s what I’ve always wanted. I’m sorry I let you think otherwise because I was too scared to own up to it.” He pressed his forehead to hers, looked her in the eye. “Love is a risk. So is creativity. Both are worth it. I want you with me every step of the way, for both. I believe in you, Tasha, and I know you can take care of yourself, but I can’t help wanting to take care of you. I love you, and that’s what I do for people I love.”

“You have to let me take care of you, too,” she whispered, a small smile playing on her soft lips.

“Of course, Kroshka. That’s all I want. For us to take care of each other.”

Her smile widened, letting him know it was okay, so he kissed her.

Falling into her mouth, surrounded by the sweetness of figs and ginger, was like coming home. She was soft, and hot, and her tongue went after his in a way that made him groan. He slid his hands down to cup her ass, pulling her flush against him and rocking his hips side to side to press his hardening cock against her.

She moaned into his mouth, wrapping her arms around him and sliding one leg up, like she’d climb him if she could.

Tempting as it was to take her here on the rented desk, it probably wasn’t the most professional move.

“Come home with me,” he whispered against her neck.

“You missed me?”

“Hell yes.” He kissed her again, sinking into the lush heat of her mouth, filling his hands with her strong, lean curves. Then he pulled back. “So, wait, you’re accepting me, but what about the job?”

She laughed and leaned into him. “Yes, Dimitri. I want the job. It sounds fantastic.”

“Okay, I just want to make sure you don’t think I’m just giving it to you because I want you to come home—my home, I mean. As my girlfriend. Fuck, I hate that word. My woman.”

“That’s not much better, but I like it.”

“You know what I mean. I don’t want you to think you’re not successful. I know that’s important to you.”

She touched her lips to his in a long, slow kiss before she spoke again. “I’m quitting The Dance Off, too. Success is however you define it. Can’t live your life trying to please others.”

He nodded. “Good. I agree.” He slipped a hand between her legs and rubbed gently. “But I can spend it trying to please you.”

She moaned and clutched his shirt. “Don’t start shit you can’t finish.”

Dimitri glanced at the desk again. Fuck it.

“Get on the desk,” he said.

Her eyes lit up, and she obeyed, perching her ass on the edge.

He left her side only long enough to lock the door.





48


The look on Donna’s face made up for all the stress Natasha had endured over the past few weeks. The whites of her eyes were visible all around, and her lips parted when her jaw fell slack. She blinked hard and gave her head a little shake. “I’m sorry, what?”

Pressing her lips together to hold back a smile, Natasha repeated the words she’d been itching to say. “I quit.”

God, that felt so fucking good. It took all her control not to add “pendeja” to the end, but losing her temper might screw up Penelope’s plans for getting her out of her contract.

“No.” Donna scowled. “You can’t quit.”

Penelope cut in. “The way you’ve treated Natasha falls under harassment, and she’s the second client of mine you’ve harassed in the past few months. Don’t think I’ve forgotten what you did to Gina.” Penelope consulted her tablet. “In this case, we have threats, showing up at my client’s place of residence—”

“Hold on.” Donna leaned over her desk and held up a finger. “Technically, I encountered Natasha at a different cast member’s residence.” Her voice was forceful, but her eyes showed fear.

Penelope shook her head. “Doesn’t matter. Natasha was currently residing there. And this was after you’d first gone to her home address and didn’t find her there, which could constitute stalking.”

“Stalking?” Donna fell back in her chair. “I wasn’t stalking her. I’d heard she was injured.”

“There’s a thing called a phone. And when you didn’t find her, you then tracked her down. Suspicious. Were you working on your own or under orders from your higher ups?” Penelope sent Donna a bland smile. “Just want to see who will be involved in the lawsuit.”

Donna’s eyes went wide, then her brows snapped down. She met Natasha’s gaze with an angry glare. “This isn’t necessary. You want to date the hot judge? Fine. Just keep it quiet, and you can stay on the show.”

Natasha smiled. “I do want to date Dimitri, but I don’t want to hide it. And I don’t want to stay. Oh, and neither does he.”

Donna’s olive complexion paled. “You’re both quitting?”

Nodding, Natasha folded her hands in her lap. Check and mate. “Your behavior in this meeting will determine how Dimitri breaks the news to Muriel.”

Donna licked her lips, a sign of nerves. “Natasha, they’ll kill me if we lose Gina, you, and Dimitri before the next season. We’re only a few weeks out, and Kevin—” She snapped her mouth shut.

Ignoring the comment about Kevin—she’d ask him about it later—Natasha leaned forward in her chair, pinning Donna with a hard look. “You want me to stay. Why? So you can sabotage my relationship with Dimitri by pairing me with Rocky Lim?”

The expression on Donna’s face said it all. Natasha sat back.

“Yeah, I heard about Rocky. You’re not as slick as you like to think.”

Penelope got to her feet and slipped her purse strap over her shoulder. “Well, I think we’re done here. Donna, you’ll accept Natasha’s resignation?”

Staring at her desk, Donna nodded. Penelope left the tiny office.

Natasha stood, then hesitated. Donna looked pitiful, but it was her own doing. She couldn’t resist a parting shot. “You don’t have to be as awful as you are.”

Donna didn’t move, but her gaze lifted to meet Natasha’s. “Actually, I do,” she said in a hollow voice. “Don’t you understand this industry at all?”

All too well. “Bye, Donna. It’s been real.” She turned to leave. She was halfway out the door when Donna spoke again.

“You could’ve won this season.”

Natasha turned back. “You can’t know that.”

Donna made a sour face. “Of course I can. I know who everyone is paired with, and I understand this show inside and out. Better than anyone. You and Rocky would have made it to the finals, and won.”

Natasha let that sink in for a moment, to see if she cared. Huh. She didn’t.

“Oh well.” She left.

Penelope waited for her in the hallway. She held up her palm, and Natasha gave her a high five.

“Glad we got you out of here,” Penelope said. “This place is toxic.”

“Don’t I know it.” Natasha rolled her shoulders, relishing the feeling of freedom.

For once, she had options, and she was making choices based on what she wanted, rather than out of desperation. Living and working with Dimitri would be a challenge, but the good kind. Dom Navsegda spoke to her, and she already had thoughts on how they could bring more of the concepts in his Idea Book to life. When she’d told him about her plan to combine classical and modern styles of dance, with the eventual goal of using it to teach high school students, his face had lit up, and he’d shot off a text to Alex about starting a nonprofit organization to make it happen. Then he’d calmed down, apologized for jumping ahead, and asked if she wanted his help.

“Ready to head to the airport?” Penelope checked her phone. “Doesn’t look like traffic’s too terrible.”

“Let’s go.”

Penelope dropped Natasha off at LAX, where Dimitri waited with her suitcase.

“How’d it go?” He dropped a kiss onto her lips, then tapped the logo of the Yankees cap she wore. His own hat bore the Mets logo.

A few tourists watched them, and at least one raised a phone, but for once, Natasha didn’t care.

“Perfectamente.” She grinned up at him. “Penelope scared the shit out of her.”

“Good.” He put an arm around her and steered her toward the security line. “Speaking of scary . . . ready to meet my mother?”

She glared at him. “You told me she’s nice!”

He laughed and gave her a squeeze. “I’m kidding. She’d the nicest lady you’ll ever meet.”

“Nicer than my mom, that’s for sure,” she muttered.

Dimitri grew serious. “You sure you don’t want to visit her?”

“I’m sure.” Then she scrunched her eyes shut. “God, she’s going to be so pissed that I quit.”

“Do you care?” he asked softly.

She opened her eyes. “I don’t know. A little? Not as much as I used to. I know quitting is the best move for me—for both of us—and Dom Navsegda is going to be amazing. But I’m still conditioned to wonder what she’ll think about everything I do.”

“It’ll take time to get past it,” he agreed. “But I’ll help.”

She gave him a wary look. “How?”

“I’ll let you know when you’re being ridiculous.”

She rolled her eyes. “Thanks, Macho.”

“Anytime, Kroshka.” He kissed the crown of her head, then pulled out his ID as they approached the TSA agent.

Natasha tried not to worry during the flight, but she couldn’t help herself. By the time they landed at Newark Airport, she was a mess of nerves.

“What if she doesn’t like me?” she whispered to him in the backseat of the taxi. “What if she doesn’t think I’m good enough for you?”

“You’re being ridiculous,” he told her in a mild voice. “Again. That’s the fifth time you’ve asked me.”

“No, it isn’t.”

“It is. I’ve been keeping count.”

She scowled, then wiped it from her face as the cab rolled to a stop.

“Relax. She’s going to love you. Just like I do.” He kissed her before opening the door and climbing out.

The corners of her mouth tugged upward in a smile. Hearing that he loved her never got old.

Natasha had expected to have a moment to collect herself before meeting Oksana Kovalenko, but Dimitri’s mother awaited them on the curb in front of Alex’s house, flanked by Alex, his wife, Marina, and Dimitri’s dad, Misha.

Oksana, a former dancer, was still lean and willowy, with perfect posture. And fast. She swooped in the second Natasha was out of the car.

“There you are!” She went to throw her arms around Natasha, then froze. “Can I hug you? I feel like I already know you.”

Natasha laughed, a combination of nerves and giddiness. Had anyone ever been this excited to see her? Gina, Abuela . . . it was a short list. “Of course you can hug me,” she said, and Oksana clasped her in a tight bear hug.

Natasha shut her eyes, inhaling. Oksana smelled like sweet perfume. Maybe jasmine. But her hug . . . her hug felt motherly.

Coño, she was going to cry if she didn’t get hold of herself. She’d have to blame it on jetlag.

Oksana pulled back, but didn’t release her. “Natasha,” she said. “I’m glad to finally meet you.”

“Thank you, Mrs. Kovalenko.”

“No, no!” Oksana pressed a hand to her chest, scandalized. “Shusha. You must call me Shusha.”

Shusha? Natasha met Dimitri’s eyes, and he leaned in to explain. “It’s a nickname for Oksana.”

“Ah. Like Dima or Mitya for Dimitri?”

He nodded. “We never use full names with family.”

“That’s okay. Puerto Ricans love nicknames, too.” Her great-grandfather had called her Nati until the day he died. Funny, she hadn’t thought about that in years.

Oksana slid an arm around Natasha’s waist and walked her toward the house. “And what do you call Mitya?”

“I call him Macho.”

Oksana let out a peal of laughter. “Perfect. And you, I’ll call you Natka, if you’ll let me.”

Did that mean she was part of the family? Natasha’s cheeks warmed as she smiled at Oksana. “I’d like that,” she said.

Inside the house, Dimitri made the rest of the introductions. Natasha had met Alex already, but she congratulated Marina, whose baby bump wasn’t showing yet, and hugged Dimitri’s father, who spoke less than his wife but smiled just as much.

These were the people who’d raised Dimitri, who’d given up everything to take their sons somewhere safer, more stable, and with more opportunities. Their love had shaped Dimitri into the man he was today, a man who was by turns stubborn and sweet, creative and cocky, but so, so loving.

Natasha finally had a moment to breathe when she and Dimitri took their bags up to the guest room.

“They’re a lot to take in,” he said in a low voice as he set their suitcases in one corner of the room. And embroidered quilt covered the bed, and a print of the Eiffel Tower hung on the wall.

“I like them.” Natasha dropped her purse on the dresser and sat on the edge of the bed to catch her bearings. “They’re nice people.”

“I think so.” Dimitri hung the garment bag they shared in the closet.

Natasha traced the embroidered designs with her fingers. “Macho?”

Something in her tone must have given her away, because he stopped fiddling with the luggage and sat next to her on the bed. “What is it?” he asked, cupping her cheek. “After that display, you can’t possibly be worried she doesn’t like you.”

“It’s not that.” Dios, this was difficult. She forced herself to meet his eyes and speak the words that burdened her. “Dimitri. I love you.”

He stared at her for a second, his warm brown eyes searching her face, and then he kissed her. His mouth pressed hard to hers, tasting of passion, tenderness, and above all, love. The woodsy, green scent of him swirled around her, soothing her nerves. When their lips parted, he rested his forehead against hers and breathed hard.

“I want to recite poetry to you, or sing, or say something clever or funny, but all I’ve got is, I love you, too.” He squeezed the back of her neck gently and dropped another kiss on her temple. “I love you, too, Kroshka.”

His words warmed her from the inside out. A feeling of rightness settled over her. Never had she imagined she could feel this way, or that someone would feel like this for her. But she believed him now. He’d shown it in countless ways, big and small. She could no longer deny his love for her, or hers for him.

She stroked his dark hair away from his face and asked, “What poetry would you recite?”

He huffed out a breath. “The only one I can think of is by Pushkin, and I’m not saying it.”

“It’s a love poem?”

“Yeah. But it ends tragically.”

“Oh. Well, you’ll have to find another, then.”

“I will. I promise. Even if I have to write it myself. You’ll have so many sappy love poems filling the house, you won’t know what to do with them.”

She grinned and stroked the stubble on his cheek. “I look forward to it.”





Epilogue


Esmeralda frowned when Natasha showed her around Dimitri’s house, but she didn’t say anything.

It was the best reaction Natasha could have hoped for, if she was being honest with herself. On some level, she’d hoped her mother would admit she was impressed, but this shouldn’t have surprised her. If anything, it showed her the truth: if her mother couldn’t be surprised by Dimitri’s Beverly Hills home with the three-car garage, swimming pool, and private dance studio—now complete with a pole—then how would she ever have been impressed by Natasha’s little Hollywood apartment?

Good thing she wasn’t trying for her mother’s validation anymore. The woman had to be impressed, but she was as tight-lipped with her praise as ever.

Since Esmeralda’s friend hadn’t been able to make it, she’d threatened to cancel the trip, but Dimitri paid for her flight and hotel so she had no excuse not to come.

In the living room, Natasha let out a sigh of relief at the sound of Dimitri’s SUV rolling up the driveway.

“Dimitri está aquí,” Natasha said, grabbing her clutch from the chair. “We’re meeting his parents at the studio.”

Her mother shrugged and slung her bag over her shoulder. “Vamanos.”

Natasha offered her mother the passenger seat, but Esmeralda refused and sat in the back.

When Natasha met Dimitri’s eye, a measure of tension eased. He was here. She wasn’t in this alone.

The ride to the studio was mostly silent. Natasha spoke to Dimitri about logistics—his parents’ hotel room, dinner plans for later at Kras—but her mother didn’t say a word.

The punishing silence had been a big part of Natasha’s childhood. When Esmeralda was pissed, she didn’t speak, and often acted like Natasha wasn’t even in the room. For an active child who thrived on company, it had been the worst kind of punishment, and Esmeralda knew it. That she was doing it now meant she was trying to punish Natasha for something.

And for the first time in her life, Natasha didn’t give a shit.

Not caring what her mother thought of her, or why she was in a snit, was the most liberating feeling in the world. She should have tried it a lot earlier.

It was weird attending the premiere as a guest. She and Dimitri had seats right at one of the VIP dinner-club-style tables on the edge of the dance floor, with the other celebrities in attendance, but their families had to sit further back. They’d planned to introduce everyone before arriving at the studio, but Dimitri’s parents’ flight had been delayed.

Even stranger was how similar it felt to visiting Babe Planet. Maybe it was always weird when you visited a former job after quitting. It might feel the same if she visited Corazón restaurant in the Bronx, where she waitressed when she was a teenager.

Dimitri leaned in and spoke out of the corner of his mouth. “You okay?”

“Yeah. Thank you again for arranging everything.”

“Of course. Nothing makes me happier than taking care of our family.”

Our family. He’d accepted that Esmeralda was difficult, and had approached her with impersonal good cheer that bordered on dismissive. He didn’t try to charm her, but he also didn’t stoop to her bad mood. It was probably the best approach to take with her mother. If only she’d figured that out years ago.

Natasha slipped her hand into his and squeezed. Openly touching him at work was also weird, but in a good way. And neither of them worked here anymore. For years, they’d held back, hiding their attraction and affection for each other. But they were consenting adults who—okay, they still worked together, but in a different capacity. They could certainly hold hands in broad daylight.

They found Dimitri’s parents standing near their table. When Oksana set eyes on Natasha, she rushed forward to kiss her on both cheeks.

“Beautiful girl!” she trilled, pulling Natasha in for another hug. “How is your ankle, Natka? Done with physical therapy?”

“Good as new.” Natasha couldn’t help but grin. Oksana was warm, giving, and effusive with praise. The opposite of Esmeralda.

Natasha made introductions. Oksana dialed back the enthusiasm, and Misha, Dimitri’s father, was quiet but sweet. Esmeralda was polite, but kept her lips pressed together, as if letting something resembling a smile slip out would bring about the end of the world. Oksana peppered Esmeralda with questions about being a hairstylist, and Esmeralda opened up a bit.

Dimitri kept his arm around Natasha’s waist while he spoke with his father in Russian. It was a beautiful language, but so different from Spanish. She’d mentioned she might like to learn it, and he’d surprised her by ordering a whole language-learning program for the computer. When she commented on the purchase, he’d said simply, “You wanted it.”

Oksana turned to her new favorite topic—praising Natasha. Natasha’s cheeks grew hot, and Esmeralda’s lips flattened even further. Shit. She was pissed.

Before Natasha could interrupt, Esmeralda opened her mouth and said in a curt tone, “I know. She is my daughter.”

Oksana blinked, and they were all saved from responding when Kevin bounced over, dressed in a sparkly costume tux for the opening number.

“Hey, hey, party people!” He threw an arm over Natasha’s shoulder, earning him a dark look from Dimitri. “Y’all ready for a good time?”

“Kevin, I’d like you to meet my . . .” Natasha trailed off when she caught sight of her mother’s face.

Esmeralda’s lips parted, her jaw fell slack, and her eyes rounded, as if transfixed. “Kevin Ray,” she whispered.

Natasha blinked. Her mother knew Kevin?

Esmeralda shuffled forward and took the hand Kevin offered her, clasping it between both of her own. “Kevin, you are just amazing. I vote for you every season.”

Natasha stared at her mother. Everyone stared at her mother.

Kevin spoke first. “You don’t vote for Natasha?”

“I vote for both of you. And Gina.”

“Mami, you watch the show?” Natasha couldn’t keep the surprise out of her voice. All these years, her mother had bitched about The Dance Off, claiming she didn’t have the time or inclination to watch a bunch of so-called celebrities tottering around the dance floor.

“Of course I watch the show,” Esmeralda scoffed.

Well, that was news.

Oksana pulled Dimitri away, and Natasha listened with half an ear while Kevin charmed Esmeralda. They took selfies and videos together, and he pulled her into a quick salsa step. Natasha heard her mother say, “You’re my favorite guy on the show. Not like that judge. He grades too harshly.”

Oh, lord. No wonder she was acting cold toward Dimitri. She’d fallen for his TV persona as the cranky judge.

“Who, Dimitri?” Kevin leaned in close and whispered, “Dimitri’s not so bad. I mean, I don’t like him much either, but he loves Tash, so . . . I guess he’s not terrible.”

He gave Esmeralda a kiss on the cheek and one last goodbye, then slipped backstage.

When Reggie Kong, one of the show’s hosts, stopped by to greet them, Oksana and Esmeralda bonded over their love of Reggie’s blue-streaked hair and edgy gowns.

Natasha slipped an arm around Dimitri and bumped him with her hip.

“It’s nice being here as guests,” she said. “We get to watch Lori make history.”

“The first two-woman pairing on The Dance Off—it’s a huge deal. I almost wish I were still judging, so I could give them a hundred.”

“Pssh. Like you would ever give someone a perfect score on the first episode.”

He grinned. “I guess we’ll never know.”

She nudged him and pointed to their mothers, who had pulled out their phones and were looking up videos of their favorite dance routines from past seasons of the show. “Maybe this Ukrainian-Puerto Rican mix will work out after all.”

He kissed her forehead. “We’ll make it work. No matter what comes our way, we’ll make it work. Together.”

She nodded. “Sí. Juntos.”

“Vmeste.”

“Yup. That’s what I said.” Then she grabbed his lapels because she could, and demanded, “Now give me the kind of kiss that’ll end up all over the gossip sites.”





Acknowledgments


Releasing Take the Lead and Dance with Me this year has been a dream come true, so I first give my thanks to you, the reader, for joining The Dance Off with me. And don’t worry, the show’s not over—I have plenty more ideas set in this world!

I have to offer huge thanks to my amazing agent, Sarah E. Younger at Nancy Yost Literary Agency, for being such a powerful and positive guide.

Shout-out to my SMP Swerve team—Holly Ingraham, Jennie Conway, Titi Oluwo, Marissa Sangiacomo—you ladies rock! Thanks for all you do for me and these characters. I cannot thank you enough for the guidance, creative freedom, and support you’ve given me on these books.

(Additional shout-out to Lizzie Poteet and Nicole McLaughlin!)

Thanks to Katrina and Sarah M. from my critique group for language checking Dimitri and his family, and helping to deepen the roles of these characters. And thanks to my mother for once again proofing all the Spanish, even though I said after Take the Lead that I wouldn’t wait until the last minute next time. (Sorry, Mom.) Thanks to my cousin Kathryn for texting me an instructional video of herself taking her pointe shoes on and off, and answering questions about ballet and Los Angeles. Gracias to Priscilla Oliveras, Mia Sosa, and Sabrina Sol for their support. And thanks to all the amazing cheerleaders I have in my life, whose supportive texts and DMs show up at exactly the right moments.

I’m lucky to be part of so many awesome writing groups, and I have so much appreciation for the Romance Writers of America, my local RWA-NYC chapter, the NYC NaNoWriMo region and off-season critique group, the Rebelles (my fellow 2017 Golden Heart® finalists), Lady Jane’s Salon, and everyone who tunes in for #RWchat every Sunday. I’ve learned so much and made so many wonderful connections from being part of these communities.

Much appreciation to my amazing critique partners and #RWchat cohosts: Robin Lovett, Kimberly Bell, and C. L. Polk, for being so invested in me and these books. (Check them out. They’re all fabulous writers.)

Massive thanks to my boyfriend, who reminds me to celebrate each moment. To his parents for their incredible support. And to my parents, who have both shared my buy links on FB, which I suppose is the social media equivalent of hanging my art on the fridge. Thanks for the love.





About the Author





Alexis Daria is a romance writer, artist, and native New Yorker. She cohosts #RWchat, a weekly Twitter chat for romance writers, and is a member of the New York City chapter of RWA. Take the Lead was a 2017 Golden Heart® finalist and 2016 Suzannah Grand Prize winner. You can find Alexis on Twitter at @alexisdaria, live-tweeting Dancing with the Stars, Game of Thrones, and RuPaul’s Drag Race.

For exclusive behind-the-scenes Dance Off content, follow Alexis’s newsletter:

http://eepurl.com/cUHNWb

You can sign up for email updates here.





Also by Alexis Daria


Take the Lead





Thank you for buying this Swerve ebook.

To receive special offers, bonus content, and info on new releases and other great reads, sign up for our newsletters.



Or visit us online at us.macmillan.com/newslettersignup

For email updates on the author, click here.





Table of Contents


Title Page

Copyright Notice

Dedication

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

32

33

34

35

36

37

38

39

40

41

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

Epilogue

Acknowledgments

About the Author

Also by Alexis Daria

Copyright Page





This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations, and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

DANCE WITH ME. Copyright © 2017 by Alexis Daria. All rights reserved. For information, address St. Martin’s Press, 175 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10010.

www.stmartins.com

Cover photographs: woman © iStock/StudioThreeDots; man © iStock/amoklv; lights © Ververidis Vasilis / Shutterstock.com

ISBN 978-1-250-17559-5 (ebook)

First Edition: December 2017

Our eBooks may be purchased in bulk for promotional, educational, or business use. Please contact the Macmillan Corporate and Premium Sales Department at 1-800-221-7945, ext. 5442, or by e-mail at MacmillanSpecialMarkets@macmillan.com.





