New Year, New We

A The Spies Who Loved Her holiday interlude




Katrina Jackson





one

two

three

four

five

six

seven

epilogue

Hi all!





one


“Ever Protocol, Beta.”

Lane’s voice wasn’t quite a bark, but certainly not a question.

Kierra knew this one. She knew them all. She’d been studying for her upcoming exam like she hadn’t studied since she’d almost failed Calculus sophomore year of college. When she passed, the Critical Materials certification would give her higher clearance and special protocols for handling sensitive data. Although she technically wouldn’t be Lane and Monica’s personal assistant anymore, her new responsibilities would extend some of the support work she already did for them and other agents assigned to them. Also, she’d be making more money. She’d had to remind herself of that paycheck each morning they’d been in Washington, D.C. and she trudged out to Virginia to attend the special training program. And she’d fantasized about all of the thigh-high boots she could buy with that money while she was bored out of her mind in her classes. She tried to imagine her savings account growing to stave off the cabin fever of wasting most of the holiday season in a nondescript warehouse where she and a handful of other administrative staff listened to lectures that literally replicated the course reading materials.

But she’d finally completed her training. She knew all of this material. She was ready. So of course she knew that Ever Protocol, Beta was “Confidential paperwork. Needs B-grade clearance or higher to view. Must be saved with double encryption on secure Agency server,” she said triumphantly.

Lane grunted, the only indication that her answer was correct. “SeaTac Procedure,” he said, moving swiftly to the next not-quite question.

She frowned up at him. She realized he was only trying to help and she wasn’t a dog so she didn’t need a treat every time she got a right answer. But was a “good” or a smile too much to ask for?

“Give me an answer,” he whispered, his eyes boring into hers.

She deepened her frown and scowled at him, “Water rescue with possible enemy combatants. Agent must take extra precaution to prevent civilian casualties.” She ground out the words so he would know that just because he thought this grand inquisition was the best method to help her retain information didn’t mean she agreed.

Or at least she wanted to grind the words through clenched teeth, but her mouth fell open and her breath spluttered out when Monica twisted her fingers inside of Kierra’s pussy to rub that sensitive cluster of nerves that made her legs shake. She licked her clit with hard pressure and Kierra moaned, a small smile spread across her face as her toes curled under. She spread her legs wider – hamstrings burning – to give Monica all the room she needed to settle in and get very comfortable touching her exactly like this for as long as she wanted.

They were in their bedroom in the temporary Agency residence just inside the Beltway. The new place looked like a compressed version of their New Jersey house, which was comforting and disorienting all at the same time. Kierra had just barely moved in with Monica and Lane before they’d whisked her away to start the Critical Materials training program, not wanting to wait six months for the next cycle. The only upside to spending most of November and December in the most boring version of college was that Monica and Lane had traveled with her and after a long, boring day, she at least got to come home to the two people she loved, in a house that was almost familiar. Although Kierra had barely moved into their New Jersey mini-mansion so she hadn’t had time to test out the idea of it being her new home. Every day that they’d been away, she’d tested the word out on her tongue in the facsimile house, acclimating herself to their new arrangement bit-by-bit. Part of that acclimating process was making new memories with Lane and Monica in the upper part of their house. Especially in her favorite room: their bedroom.

She was sitting on the bench at the foot of the bed. Monica was crouched between her legs, gently, albeit relentlessly, working her over with her mouth and fingers. And Lane paced in front of her, hurling question after question and clerical mission protocol after assistant security directive. She wasn’t sure whose idea it was to quiz her while fucking her to make sure she could keep her concentration under pressure. But as her eyes fluttered closed, her head rolled back and the orgasm radiated through her in soft waves of heat from her core, she promised herself that she was going to suck the life out of them both in thanks.

“Last one, sweet girl.”

Kierra moaned.

Lane had moved, his voice was low and full of lust as his breath tickled her cheek. He leaned over Monica to whisper to her. “What are your directives in case of an infiltration at our satellite site?”

“Satellite…?” Monica moved her mouth and began to suckle on her clit. “Holy shit,” Kierra hissed.

“Command,” Lane said, his voice exasperated. Urgent. He wanted to get this over with so they could fuck. She agreed.

Her voice was shaky. “Blue panic button locks the basement from the rest of the house. There’s a keypad in a panel hidden in the east wall of the briefing room. Input code 87341 to alert The Agency and put out a distress signal to any agents within a fifty-mile radius.” Her words trailed off in a breathy whisper and moans she couldn’t stop. She was certain Lane didn’t mind.

Monica’s hand stilled and she lifted her head. “And then?”

“What?” Kierra gasped, bewildered and just on the edge of yet another release.

“And then what do you do?” Monica demanded in a tone of voice that made Kierra want to shrink from the intensity of her gaze and also splay herself out on their bed. She wanted that voice and her mouth to cover every inch of her skin.

“It’s not in the directives,” Kierra said, looking from Monica to Lane and back again. “They won’t test me on that.”

“Humor us,” Lane added in a gentle voice.

Kierra licked her lips and sighed. She crawled onto the bed and took off her last scrap of clothing – a tank top that had become twisted around her upper body from Monica’s distractions. She lifted onto her knees and watched as Lane helped Monica to stand. Kierra shivered when Monica leaned into his side and slipped her fingers, glistening with Kierra’s juices, into his mouth. She could see the effort he made not to groan.

“After I shut down Command,” Kierra said, her right hand moving to her sensitive sex, “and I input the distress code, I have to go to the panic room in the storage closet at the back of the basement. And I don’t open the door until I see either of you on the security camera.”

“See,” Lane said, his hands already moving to undo his belt, “that wasn’t so hard.”

Kierra smiled. “But you are,” she whispered, reaching for him.

When she took his dick, red and angry and already dripping from the tip, into her mouth, his face lit up. She kept her eyes on him as all of those grins and smiles he’d been holding back while testing her played across his face. She sucked him slow and deep. One of Monica’s hands held him firm at the base and the other gently cradled the back of Kierra’s head.

Yeah, she thought to herself as Lane’s seed spilled onto her tongue, this test would be a breeze.

***



Kierra stretched her arms and legs out across the bed, yawning as she woke with a smile on her face. She sat up in bed and waited for her eyesight to clear. She frowned. Why was she alone? She threw the covers off her body and climbed out of the bed. She grabbed one of Monica’s sweaters and pulled it over her head as she went looking for them. She padded down the stairs and huffed. They weren’t in the living room – which wasn’t a shock since it was mostly for show. They weren’t in the kitchen, but she could see the remnants of their morning coffee. This house didn’t have a Command in the basement so she didn’t open the pantry door. She retraced her steps through the living room and headed under the stairs to the hallway that led to the back of the house. The only thing in this portion of the house that mattered was the gym, her second favorite room of the house. Every now and then Kierra liked to pretend she was going to spend some time on the elliptical when really she just wanted to watch Lane and Monica spar with a dull, aroused smile on her face.

She pushed the door open and there they were, barefoot on the practice mat, crouched low and circling one another with feral smiles on their faces.

“Good morning, sweet girl,” Lane called to her as he reached playfully for Monica.

She swatted his hand away and moved just out of reach. He smiled.

“What’s on the agenda today?” Kierra asked.

They both stopped, as if calling a silent truce, and stared at her.

“If we’re not mistaken, that’s your job,” Monica said.

Kierra smiled sweetly as her face warmed and she rolled onto the balls of her feet, “Oh right.” They went back to circling one another as she walked closer. “Well, I don’t have my tablet, but if I remember correctly today is light, actually.”

“How light?” Monica grunted just as she and Lane locked their arms onto each other’s shoulders, trying to hook their hands behind the other’s neck and gain some leverage.

“So light that I was thinking we could maybe start planning that vacation you promised me.”

Monica grunted as she did every time Kierra mentioned this trip. Kierra couldn’t tell if she was still angry she’d negotiated for it in the middle of an operation or if she didn’t want to go. Or, she thought – her abs tightening as a pit formed in her stomach – maybe she wanted to go on vacation but not with her. Maybe she was getting bored with her. Maybe they both would. Maybe she had been foolish not to have imagined this might happen. She clasped her hands behind her back, trying to hide her worry.

This new worry was an unintended consequence of moving in together. Kierra had thought that she would be floating on a perpetual cloud now that she had literally everything she’d been dreaming of for three years. But she wasn’t. Now that they were together, there were stakes – higher stakes – because now, Kierra had realized, there was something to lose. Two someones to lose.

Lane and Monica pushed away from each other and began circling the mat again.

“Well,” Lane said, standing upright and facing Kierra, although she noticed that his eyes were still tracking Monica in his peripheral vision. She’d straightened as well, but her body was still coiled, ready to strike. “We could do that or…?”

Kierra never got to hear his other suggestion as both of their phones began to vibrate, either a good sign or a bad sign, depending on her mood. Today she was tired, hungry and those worries were sitting in her empty stomach like lead. She frowned as they both stared down at their phones for agonizing moments. She was used to this; waiting as they received their orders. Waiting for them to give her orders of her own. Waiting wasn’t a problem. But the silence as she waited was the perfect breeding ground for all of the fear that had just blossomed in her gut to sprout without her normal defenses to put those emotions in check.

“Change of plans,” Monica said.

“I figured. What do you need?”

Lane looked up at her and smiled, “Have you ever been to Scotland?”

Kierra’s eyebrows lifted and she shook her head.

“Well, great,” Lane said. “Then we can get your vacation in-”

“No,” Monica cut him off before Kierra could open her mouth. “She said it can’t be on a mission. No work. Isn’t that right, sweet girl?”

Kierra squirmed under the intensity of her stare. She didn’t know what to make of it. Was she angry? Was she horny? Did they have time to shower together? She swallowed hard and nodded.

“Okay,” Lane said amiably with a shrug. “Then we all need to pack for cold weather. We’ll send a tech manifest within the hour. We need to be in the air in four hours. No less.” He brushed his mouth across Kierra’s cheek and squeezed her waist as he left the gym.

Kierra felt locked in place, her eyes on Monica and her stomach in knots.

“Is there something else you need?” Monica asked as she began to peel the gloves from her hands.

Kierra worried that if she opened her mouth, all of the questions and fears she felt would tumble out and she’d say the wrong thing or the right thing but in the wrong way. Her eyes searched Monica’s face for any minute movement, some sign of what she thought or felt. But she saw nothing and she felt herself deflate.

“Then go pack. And please bring a pair of practical shoes. I don’t need you spraining your ankle on cobblestones wearing a pair of heels Lane bought.”

Kierra nodded again, turned and walked briskly from the room. She didn’t run even though she wanted to. And she didn’t cry. Even though she really wanted to.





two

All of the field agents Mason Carlisle had ever known were so different from one another that he’d stopped trying to categorize them. They could be loud and brash, quiet and efficient, annoying, charming, sarcastic, even shy. What distinguished them from the average person was just the ability to use those unique personality traits to their advantage. But The Agency’s black ops division was much less diverse. They were the strong, silent and lethal type, every one of them – except Mason. Well, he was strong and lethal, but silence had always been a struggle.

When he was recruited into The Agency, Mason had been a typical bro – loud, brash, and kind of annoying. He had the worst personality type for black ops, so much so that he’d been shocked when They’d invited him to join the division. He liked to smile, he made friends easily and he was just tall enough to have a hard time blending in. But he’d said yes because black ops was the most elite of the elite. So he’d adjusted over the years. He smiled less, he spoke less and at a lower volume. And since he couldn’t shrink his large frame, he stood with an even more rigid posture, intimidating most people around him so they looked away. It wasn’t exactly who he was, but it was certainly who he had to be to do his job effectively. He had no problems making those changes professionally. The problem was that he had very little life outside of his work so Work Mason was becoming just Mason. And he didn’t want that. To combat the full transformation, he made sure that he lived a rich interior life. He looked like an imposing, cold statue on the outside, but inside he sometimes felt like a volcano waiting to erupt.

“Hello, lovers.”

Mason shifted in his seat at the familiar sound of the raspy voice in his earphones. He lowered the newspaper he wasn’t reading to the table and looked around the small pub in front of him. He caught the bartender’s eye and motioned for another drink. She smiled at him, he smiled back, and then shifted his gaze away. Outside, the sidewalks were churning with people, tourists and locals alike. Cars whizzed past. Across the street, the hotel where Monica and Lane would soon arrive was having one of its busiest days of the year as people arrived for the Hogmanay celebrations.

A waitress brought over another pint of beer. He thanked her with a polite but forgettable smile.

“This week we have an email from our faithful listener, and my favorite lover, Jarhead,” the voice said. Mason took a sip of his drink and settled back in his seat, preparing to enjoy the way his words sounded in Tiya’s voice; his favorite pastime.

He listened to the Bawdy Boudoir podcast faithfully twice a week, for work and pleasure. Tiya Randall was an unusual asset. Certainly there were better ways for him to communicate with his bosses, but he didn’t care. He liked the feeling that grew in his breast when Tiya spoke, the way his dick stiffened as she read her erotic stories, the hope he sometimes felt when he queued up a new episode, and the familiar comfort hearing her voice gave him, no matter where he was in the world. So even when he didn’t have a message to pass, he liked to send in a letter from time to time, simply to hear her say the words he’d written and feel some connection with another human being. This story was one of those; no clandestine meeting to schedule or intel to report, just an email littered with words he’d been daydreaming about hearing her say while stroking himself slowly to release in safe houses all over the world.

“Shit,” Mason hissed.

Across the street, he watched Monica step from the back of a cab in front of the hotel. He paused the podcast and reached into his back pocket for his wallet. He grabbed more money than he owed, made eye contact with the waitress as he dropped it onto the table and breezed out of the pub. He didn’t cross the street to the hotel. That would be stupid and his career did not allow for stupidity. Not unless he was ready to be retired immediately.

Instead he walked two blocks east and took a roundabout path to the hotel’s south entrance. He slipped into the service area, making sure to stay out of the way of the maids and porters who wouldn’t notice him so long as he didn’t disrupt their routines. He took the service elevator to the eighth floor and walked leisurely to the room the Agency hacker had assigned to Monica, Lane and their assistant.

The assistant answered the door. His right eyebrow lifted as he took in her outfit, a tight, dark gray turtleneck sweater that didn’t hide her lack of bra, a tight pencil skirt, thick tights the same color of her sweater and very tall platform knee-high boots. It was not what he’d expected. Although considering the Agency gossip about her and the tiny scrap of clothing she’d been wearing when he saw her outside of the club in San Francisco, he really shouldn’t have had any expectations at all.

“Carlisle,” Lane said, coming into view behind her. “Come in.”

He lifted the other eyebrow and the assistant stepped aside to let him in with a flirty smile.

“Thanks for coming on such short notice,” he said, shaking hands with Lane.

“We didn’t have a choice,” Monica replied from across the room, her hands in her pockets as she stared him down.

“Have you swept the room?” Mason asked.

Monica and Lane nodded. They all sat in the room’s small sitting area; Monica on the end of one couch and Mason and Lane on two soft chairs. Their assistant propped herself on the arm of Lane’s chair, her chest resting on his shoulder.

Mason lifted his eyebrows, “Can we be alone?” He looked at the assistant.

“She stays,” Monica said matter-of-factly, leaving no room for debate.

“She has enough clearance,” Lane offered.

Mason shrugged. Clearance wasn’t his main concern. That was something The Agency cared about. He was only interested in controlling the flow of information. As far as he was concerned, every op he ran was Need-to-Know and even then he regularly withheld a certain amount of information to keep himself and his assets safe. For instance, he used Bawdy Boudoir for info drops enough that he knew there was an agent somewhere who listened to each episode to keep abreast of his movements just in case. But no one knew that Tiya was the reason he’d chosen the podcast. Because no one could ever know that he loved her. Not even her.

But black ops agents and field agents were two very different species in the world of espionage. This fact often caused friction in the field. So Mason didn’t challenge Monica or Lane about keeping their assistant – who everyone knew was their lover – in the room. If they wanted to put her in danger, that would be on their heads. He got down to business.

“Have you read the dossiers I sent?” He asked. They didn’t dignify the question with an answer. He chuckled and smiled. “The Agency has been watching Elijah Moore for almost a year. I’ve been on him for two months. He runs a fringe European terrorist cell of Coming Dawn-”

“Sounds kinky,” the assistant breathed.

Mason smiled and looked at her, “What’s your name?”

She ran her tongue over her lips and leaned further into Lane’s side, “Kierra.”

“It’s nice to meet you, Kierra,” he said.

“Have you met me yet?”

Mason’s smile deepened and his eyes shifted to Lane’s.

“You were saying?” The other man said, as if their assistant flirting with him was the most normal thing in the world.

“Right. Coming Dawn,” his eyes shifted back to Kierra’s briefly, “is a global environmental terrorist group. But Elijah’s sect is called Passage 14.”

“What’s their issue? Global warming? Oil drilling?” Monica asked.

“Meat,” Mason said.

“Now you’re just fucking with us,” Kierra mumbled under her breath.

Mason smiled and turned to Monica, “They’re a vegan animal rights organization. They’re building their reputation by bombing meatpacking plants.”

Lane’s reedy laughter filled the room.

“It would be funnier if they hadn’t killed half a dozen plant workers already,” Mason said.

“Wait,” Monica said, sitting forward, resting her elbows on her knees. “They’re bombing the plants when there are people in them?”

“Yep.”

“Don’t they care about the people?” Kierra asked, incredulous.

“Not at all. In fact, based on Moore’s speeches and online blog, the plant workers are basically demons.”

“Jesus,” Lane breathed.

“Why haven’t we heard anything about this?” Monica asked.

Mason shook his head in disgust. “Because everyone they’ve killed so far has been an immigrant or refugee. No one cares.” He saw Monica’s jaw clench as she sat back. Mason watched as Kierra slid from the arm of Lane’s chair and settled onto the couch next to Monica.

Monica’s hands reached for her immediately, one hand resting on her knee, the other gripping her at the neck. Mason’s throat went dry. He looked to Lane.

“What do you need us to do?”

“Elijah Moore and some of his closest allies are in town for New Year’s Eve for a very rare vacation,” Mason said.

“Okay. What are we trying to do? Get recruited? Seems too simple,” Lane said.

Mason nodded. “Elijah Moore doesn’t recruit directly anyway. That’s been one of our problems getting close to him. He keeps his circle incredibly tight and he travels near constantly to visit his supporters and evade law enforcement. But I think this is a good time to approach them.”

“Why?” Monica breathed, her hand tightening around Kierra’s knee. Mason could have sworn he heard the other woman moan at the pressure.

He swallowed and continued. “We think their defenses are down. They’ve had a few successful attacks recently and agents sitting on cells all over Europe have reported that they seem to be recruiting more. All of them. Something big is coming. And we think Elijah might feel secure and insulated enough for us to slip through his defenses.”

“How?” Lane asked impatiently. “Or is that why you invited us here? Black ops need us regular field agents to concoct a plan for you?”

Lane’s voice was teasing. Other black ops operatives might have been offended by his insinuation, but Mason was different. He looked Lane squarely in the eyes and smiled, “I have a plan, but I need your help executing it.”

Lane raised an eyebrow and smirked, “We’re all ears.”

“Elijah Moore doesn’t recruit directly, so it would take months, maybe years to get to him. But there is another way to get into his orbit. Surveillance says that while Elijah is very cautious about letting his followers get too close to him, he’s much less discerning about his sexual partners.”

Kierra laughed, a bright tinkle of a sound. “Figures,” she whispered.

“I need your help getting his attention and getting him alone so my team can do what we do best.”

“Why do you need us if you already have a team on site?” Monica asked. Her voice was strained. Her hungry eyes on Kierra’s profile.

Mason huffed out a laugh, “Two reasons. First, Elijah might have fewer bodyguards but he’s not completely alone. His wife or his deputy are with him near constantly and suspicious as hell. And second,” he paused to look Kierra in the eye, “This is your specialty. My team is great at surveillance and covert transpo. We’re under the radar. But you two,” he looked at Monica and then Lane, “are the best at getting attention and using it to complete the mission. I’ve read all of your mission reports.”

Lane smiled, “You sound like a fan.”

Mason shrugged, “I respect good work. You two do good work. And most importantly, you work fast. I know our strengths in ops. We could embed for months and maybe get to him. That was the original plan when They brought me on. But things have changed.”

Lane motioned for him to continue.

“Two weeks ago we intercepted a phone call with Elijah and an associate in Germany. Passage 14 is planning another attack early in the New Year. We need to take him into custody now. We need the details.”

“So what do you want us to do? Proposition him at the grocery store?” Monica asked.

Mason laughed, “You know, if he did his own grocery shopping I think you two could have made that work. But on that same phone call, Elijah said that he would be unavailable for a bit around his annual New Year’s Eve party.”

“So we’re looking to get an invite? Got it,” Lane said.

“But we have a time constraint. We need to get him now. We have to operate under the assumption that he won’t be this available again until next New Year’s Eve. And we just can’t wait that long.”

Lane nodded, “Then all we need is to know what turns him on and we’ll handle the rest.”

Mason smiled, “He and his wife like couples.”

Lane chuckled and sat back in his chair, “Say no more. This really is our specialty.”

“I agree. And I was going to send you in alone, but I have another idea,” Mason said, turning to Kierra. “How would you like to play my wife for a while?”

She smiled at the word ‘play’.

“No,” Monica said.

“Two couples are better than one,” Mason breathed, not taking his eyes off of Kierra.

“I agree,” Monica said.

Mason lifted his eyes to her.

“You can have Lane. Kierra stays with me,” she said.

When he turned to Lane the man had a dirty smile on his face. “Unless you have any objections.”

Mason laughed. “No, sir,” he replied.

“Mmmm,” Kierra hummed. “Say it again.”





three


Kierra strutted out of the bedroom in another pair of knee-high boots and her favorite green jersey dress that almost covered her thighs. She swiveled her head to look at herself in every shiny surface.

Monica turned to her and began shaking her head before she even had a good look at the outfit. “Absolutely not,” she said.

Kierra stopped mid-step and threw her hands out to either side. “I’ve worn this to work before,” she said.

Lane was slipping a pair of cufflinks on. He chuckled softly to himself, no doubt remembering the last time she’d worn this particular dress. She’d barely made it into Command before they’d pounced on her and she’d let them with excited giggles. They’d lost the better part of the afternoon breaking their prohibition against too much sex in the office. Monica loved this dress. It was part of the reason Kierra had packed it and she’d expected it to go over well. Monica’s glare and emphatic head shake hadn’t even crossed her mind as a possibility.

“We’re supposed to be a regular couple of tourists wandering around Europe. Nothing about that dress is regular.”

Kierra put her hands on her hips, “This dress takes up no room in my suitcase and the boots barely have a heel!”

Lane burst into laughter. Monica rolled her eyes. “Are you wearing underwear, Kierra?” Kierra frowned and her eyes shifted away guiltily. “You don’t need to answer. I can see. It’s barely thirty degrees outside. You need to go change,” Monica said definitively.

Kierra turned to Lane, who looked dapper in a perfectly cut gray suit and overcoat that made his ice-blue eyes look piercing and near-terrifying.

“Why does he get to look like himself?” She mumbled petulantly.

Lane stood from his chair. He circled her and moved the hair from her neck to lick at her pulse. She gasped softly. “Because I’m the husband of a very rich financier who keeps me in all of the best designers,” Lane said, whispering his cover into her ear.

“Why would people like that want to hang out with the leader of a fringe environmental terrorist cell?” She asked. Her breath hitched as he splayed his hand over her stomach, pulling her back into his body.

“Because,” he said and nipped at her earlobe, “Rich people are always looking for flashy ways to waste their money. Terrorism is just an expensive hobby.”

His other hand moved to turn her face so that she was facing him. He kissed her hard, stroking his tongue against hers in a familiar desperation. She moaned into his mouth and tried to turn around, wanting to climb his tall, lanky body and rip the expensive suit off of him, one piece of clothing at a time. But that hand on her abdomen held her fast, pulling her back into the gentle mound of his growing erection. It was a lovely goodbye.

Just as quickly as he’d kissed her, the pressure of his mouth disappeared. She leaned forward, trying to recapture his lips, but he backed away. She swayed slightly when he let her go. He licked his lips and turned to Monica with a devilish grin and a wink. “You two be good,” he said as he walked from their room.

Kierra watched the door for seconds after Lane had gone, taking the time to slow her breathing. When she finally tore her eyes away, she found Monica staring at her with those same impassive eyes. After the heat of Lane’s body and kiss, that glare felt like being dunked into a pool of ice water. She sighed sadly. “I’ll go change.”

In the bedroom she stood in front of the closet, moving the hangers back and forth, not really seeing any of the clothes in front of her. That feeling in her stomach had returned and the effort it took to stop the tears building at the back of her eyes from falling was sapping all of her energy. She wanted to crawl into the bed behind her and sleep until the world made sense again. She didn’t hear Monica come into the room. She didn’t even realize she was there until Monica’s body heat caught her attention.

Monica moved Kierra’s hair from her shoulder and leaned forward, licking her pulse at the exact place where Lane’s tongue had swiped across her skin. “What’s wrong?”

Kierra shook her head immediately, “Nothing. Jet lag.”

“Is it nothing or is it jet lag?” Monica’s breath rustled the hair at the nape of Kierra’s neck. Her lips whispered across her skin. Kierra shivered. “Or is it something else?”

This was her chance, she thought. She should ask Monica all of the questions that had been littering her brain while she was bored in D.C., growing bigger and more terrifying each idle minute. But she didn’t. “We don’t have to go on vacation,” she whispered quietly. “We travel a lot already. We can just stay at home. Staycation or whatever.”

“Why would we do that?” Monica whispered, her hands traveling down Kierra’s sides.

She chewed her lip and tried to find a way to phrase her response to change the answer she felt certain Monica would give. But she couldn’t. She closed her eyes and whispered the words. “Because you don’t want to,” she said. But what she meant was, “because you don’t want me.”

Kierra was always worried that she was more invested in Monica and Lane than they were in her. Even when they told her otherwise. Even after months together. That tiny flutter of worry that she was intruding on their marriage – that she was temporary and they were permanent – hadn’t gone away now that they were living together. If anything, their new arrangement had only amplified the tiny voice in her head that warned her not to get too attached. Seeing how comfortable they were with one another all the time – the way they understood each other’s habits, needs and wants in ways she couldn’t – made her feel as if she was desperately running behind them trying to catch up. Their vacation wasn’t the problem, but the topic seemed to stoke Kierra’s fear that she would say or do or ask for something they didn’t want to give; something that was just for them. She felt as if she was walking on eggshells and it was throwing her for a loop.

Monica gently covered Kierra’s shoulders with her hands and turned her around slowly. When they were facing each other, Monica stared at her for a few long seconds. Kierra’s eyes skittered away.

“Why do you think I don’t want you?” She asked eventually.

And just like that Kierra lost the battle. Tears pooled in her eyes and fell down her cheeks. “I’m sorry,” she said as she pulled her sleeves over her hands and began to wipe at her eyes.

Monica’s thumbs joined Kierra’s and she helped blot the fat tears from her cheeks. She dug her fingers gently into Kierra’s hair and massaged her scalp.

“What’s wrong, sweet girl?” She whispered. “What did I do?”

Kierra shook her head and wiped at her glassy eyes. “It’s just… you and Lane have been together forever and you have your own thing.”

“We do,” Monica conceded.

“And I know I can’t have that with you two, but I just…” She shook her head again, running out of words to express how she felt.

“Lane and I do have our own thing,” Monica said, her voice expressing the air quotes she couldn’t make while the pads of her fingers soothed Kierra. “Just like you and Lane have your own thing.”

Kierra frowned up at her.

“I haven’t made or gotten him coffee in over three years because he doesn’t think anyone can get it right if you’re not there. He spends hours of his life searching the internet for the perfect heels for you, because my occasional pumps don’t give him what he needs. And the late night cookies you two think I don’t know about, that he’s not supposed to have… those are just some of your things. We each have our own relationships. That’s how this works. That’s the only way this works.”

Kierra’s tongue darted out to lick her bottom lip as she thought through Monica’s words. She guessed she could see what Monica was saying but she lifted her eyes to ask the important question, “Then what’s our thing?”

Monica’s soft smile seemed to Kierra like sunshine after rain. She felt as if she hadn’t seen it in forever. Monica backed Kierra to the wall and slipped her hands from Kierra’s hair. Her palms grazed down her neck and shoulders to rest over her breasts. Kierra moaned. Her bare nipples hardened as the soft jersey material of her dress rubbed over them. Monica stepped between her legs and began to whisper against her jaw. Kierra’s eyes closed in ecstasy.

“Lane hates flan and rum. You don’t. And no matter how much he loves you, he’ll never watch the trash reality TV you like.” She licked along Kierra’s bottom lip. Her hands reached the hem of Kierra’s dress and began to lift it.

“But you do.”

“I’ll watch that garbage with you for hours if you want,” Monica whispered. Kierra laughed. Monica bit Kierra’s bottom lip softly, dragging the flesh through her teeth. Kierra shivered.

“So you aren’t going to get tired of me?” Kierra mumbled awkwardly in a breathy moan as just the tips of Monica’s fingers traced feather light circles along her inner thigh.

“Never. The three of us are as permanent as Lane and I were when we met you.”

Kierra’s eyes drifted open. “Just us?”

Monica’s eyebrows lifted. “That depends.”

“On?” Kierra whispered.

“On if we want it to be the three of us. Or if there’s room for more. Is that what you were afraid of? Really? That we would get tired of you? That we would replace you?”

Kierra bit her bottom lip and averted her gaze.

Monica brushed her lips against Kierra’s. “I’m not like you. I don’t wear my heart on my sleeve.”

“I know,” Kierra said.

“And I’m not like Lane. I don’t say the first and second things that come immediately to my mind.”

They both smiled. “I know that too,” Kierra said.

“So you should also know that I’ll never lie to you. If you’re worried, then tell me. If you have a question, then ask me. And if you want to know how bad I want you and need you-” Kierra’s body shook on a moan as Monica’s hand settled over her bare sex and she slipped a finger inside in a fluid motion. “All you have to do is stand too close to me and you’ll know.” She smiled against Kierra’s lips.

Kierra spread her legs and nodded as Monica pumped her finger in and out of her.

“I kept my hands off of you for three years, I don’t plan to do that anymore than is absolutely necessary in the near or the far,” Monica stressed that word, “future.”

“Oh my god,” Kierra moaned when Monica settled the heel of her hand over her clit. “But,” she swallowed and shuddered before she could start speaking again. “But the vacation?”

Monica smiled sadly, “I wanted to take you to Puerto Rico. But I didn’t want you to go there if you wanted to go somewhere else.”

“Are you fucking kidding me?” Kierra breathed as she pulled Monica’s mouth to hers. The kiss was desperate and relieved and lustful. Monica pumped her finger faster and Kierra moaned into her mouth.

Monica moved her free arm around Kierra’s waist and lifted so that Kierra could wrap her legs around her body and gratefully thrust her hips into Monica’s hand. The room filled with their moans and then Kierra’s sharp cry as her orgasm washed over her. She wrapped her arms around Monica’s shoulders and collapsed with a happy smile on her face. Monica kissed along her jaw and chin and nose as she calmed down; her thumb still gently circling her clit. Soft spasms wracked Kierra’s body as she floated back to Earth.

When Kierra could stand, Monica eased her to her feet and brought her hand to her mouth. Kierra groaned as Monica sucked her essence from her fingers and palm. Monica smiled as she backed away. “Get dressed or we’re going to be late.”

Kierra was swaddled in bliss and she smiled, “Sure thing, boss.”

“Something casual,” Monica said.

Kierra nodded.

“And please put on some underwear and a bra.”

Kierra frowned even though her gaze was still fuzzy. “You’re asking a lot of me right now.”

Monica’s voice was full of the smile Kierra couldn’t quite see but she knew well, “I’m not asking.”

Kierra shivered and licked her lips.

***



They were sitting in the back of a town car heading across the Edinburgh city center. Nestled in a trendy stretch of the downtown shopping area was an upscale vegan restaurant ostensibly owned by a renowned Swedish chef, but the establishment was actually registered in the name of Elijah Moore’s wife. According to reliable intel, Elijah frequently visited the restaurant when he was in town. Mason had tracked him and other high-ranking P14 members to the restaurant every day since they’d arrived in Edinburgh. So it made sense that he and Lane should show up there and see if they could catch the group’s attention.

Mason focused on the time constraints they were under as he sank slowly into his cover. He turned to Lane on the other side of the car, “So what’s the deal with you three?”

Lane smiled as if he’d been expecting this question. As if he’d been asked it before and more than once. He turned to Mason and raised an eyebrow, “You’re gonna need to be more specific.”

“Professionally.”

“Kierra’s our PA. She’s gonna take the Critical Materials exam soon.”

“And personally?”

“We’re together,” Lane said simply.

“That’s all you’re going to say about it?”

Lane shrugged, “There’s nothing else to say.”

Mason remembered why the black ops team often hated working with field agents. Speaking to them was like speaking another language. “I’m asking because I need to know if there are boundaries you all would like me not to cross.”

Lane lifted his eyebrows in interest. “Why didn’t you just say that then?”

“I thought it was pretty obvious,” Mason breathed.

“It wasn’t.” Lane smirked but then his mouth turned down into a frown as his eyes shifted to the side. “But you’re right. Monica and I have an understanding, but we haven’t talked to Kierra yet. We may need to renegotiate our arrangement.” His eyes shifted back to Mason. He smiled almost like a kid in a candy store, “We’re still in the honeymoon phase.” He winked.

Mason couldn’t help but smile. He didn’t know what that felt like. He didn’t do relationships. And not just because of his job, although that was the excuse he always used when asked about it. Not that that happened much these days. “I’ll keep it PG then,” Mason said with a chuckle.

Lane frowned even as his heated gaze swept over Mason’s body. “Shame.”

Mason laughed.

Their car slowed and he sat up straight.

“Show time,” he said. “Are you ready?”

Lane smiled, “I’m always ready.”

Mason mirrored Lane’s interested glare. “Yeah,” he huffed. “I bet you are.” The car stopped and their driver exited. Before he opened Lane’s door, Mason added, “You let me know if you three have that talk while we’re here.”

Lane stood from the car with a laugh.

Something about Lane’s accent and the husky sound of his laughter brought the sound of Tiya’s voice suddenly into his head. But he shut it down. He had a job to do and daydreaming about the way she wrapped her Southern accent around words like “play” and “baby” and “cock” would only distract him. And he didn’t have time to be distracted. He never did. Or more accurately, he never let himself have the time.

Their car had stopped in front of a narrow alley that looked like it had come straight out of a European period movie. The alley was almost wide enough for three people to walk side-by-side together and the cobblestone street was uneven and slick with moisture from rain and melted snow. It was charming. A brief flash of a memory crossed Mason’s mind.

“I’ve never been anywhere interesting,” Tiya said. “Send me good stories from wherever you are. Take me with you, lovers.”

Mason gulped and buried that memory just as Lane spoke.

“So, chances that Moore will be here?” He whispered.

Mason shrugged. “Forty percent maybe. He comes at different times each day. We could have missed him. Or he could come just as we’re leaving. We’ll have to play it by ear.”

Lane turned to him and laughed, too loud. It was a good laugh; a deep, sexy rumble. Great distraction. “That’s my strong suit,” he said with a wink.

They walked down the alley slowly, pretending to study all of the small boutiques they passed until finally they arrived outside of Earth’s Bounty. They pretended to consider the restaurant: looking left and right down the alley, Mason checked his watch, while Lane pored over the menu, surreptitiously eyeing the dining room.

There was a couple sitting at a table and a bored waitress typing quickly on her phone just inside the door. The place was practically empty.

“So what do you wanna do?” Lane asked. “This is your op. We could come back later?”

Mason considered it. They could come back later but they could have also just missed their opportunity to run into Elijah. He had the rest of his team working on the extraction plan but he could send someone to check in at the small country home where Elijah was staying. It was a difficult location but if they could confirm if Moore was there or not, the deviation could be worth it. He was turning the options over in his head when Lane clapped a hand on his back and laughed again.

“Guess that’s that,” he said and pulled Mason toward him.

When their mouths touched Mason’s eyes widened in shock. He was preparing for Lane’s tongue. It never came.

“Target acquired,” Lane whispered against his lips.

They pretended to kiss, their lips moving dryly together, as all of their attention shifted behind Mason’s back. Lane could see, but Mason had to discern what was happening by sound. A car door closed. Steps on cobblestone. A person was speaking, but Mason couldn’t hear what they were saying. And then the steps stopped.

“Excuse me,” a voice said behind them. Mason knew that voice.

He and Lane pulled apart and turned around.

“Sorry about that,” Lane said as they moved out of the doorway.

“No need to apologize,” Elijah Moore said in a crisp American East Coast accent that Mason knew was an affectation to hide his Pennsylvania Dutch origins. “Are you considering the restaurant?”

Lane smiled, “Among other things.” He reached over to run his thumb across the knot of Mason’s tie.

Mason watched as Elijah smiled, his eyes tracking the movement.

“The food is wonderful,” Elijah said.

“Is it?” Mason asked. He grabbed Lane’s hand and pressed his lips to the tip of his thumb.

He could hear the lust in Moore’s voice. “Come,” he said. “Please. As my guests. Let me show you.”

“Is this your restaurant?” Lane asked.

Elijah chuckled. “You could say that.”

Mason and Lane looked at each other, pretending to consider the invitation. They turned to Elijah, smiled and then followed the target into the restaurant. Mason placed a sure hand on Lane’s shoulder and squeezed. He’d been tracking Elijah Moore for two months and in two minutes, Lane had gotten him a seat at his table. His superiors hadn’t loved when he’d asked for their backup – lots of black ops agents thought they were an island and could always get their jobs done without field agent assistance. But Mason knew then – and was even more sure now – that his request for Monica and Lane’s help had been the right call.





four


Kierra tried not to shiver as the wind nearly toppled her over. She clutched her coat closed at the neck and frowned.

“This is why you needed to change,” Monica said, without looking at her.

“You could have just said that.”

“I did. We’re in Scotland in late December. Underwear was at least a given.”

“I have on underwear, okay. We can stop harping on it.”

Monica chuckled and turned suddenly to push Kierra back against the wall behind her. Kierra yelped. It was freezing out and was probably going to snow soon, but Monica’s mouth was warm against hers. Kierra smiled as she parted her lips, humming around Monica’s tongue. Monica unzipped her coat and for a second, the freezing wind made her shudder, but then she wrapped her arms around Kierra’s waist and pulled her close. Kierra lifted her arms around Monica’s shoulders and held her tight. The kiss ended when Monica sucked Kierra’s bottom lip into her mouth and let it leisurely slip through her lips.

“Maybe I should wear underwear more often,” Kierra said, breathless.

“Not on my account,” Monica said. “Now look over my right shoulder. What do you see?”

It took a few seconds for Kierra’s brain to clear and her eyes to focus. But when she could concentrate, she saw the trendy sign above Earth’s Bounty’s front door.

“Can you see inside?”

Kierra shook her head, “Windows are fogged. It’s much warmer in there than out here.” Then she turned to Monica. “Are Lane and Carlisle here yet?”

Monica shrugged. “They might be.”

“Shouldn’t we check? All four of us shouldn’t be in the same place, right? You always say it’s a rookie mistake to shove too many agents in together until it’s time to take the target down.”

Monica smiled down at her, “So you do listen to me?”

Kierra stretched up to kiss Monica’s chin. But Monica moved and captured her mouth, kissing her deep and slow. Kierra knew that this kiss wasn’t about their cover. It was Monica’s way of trying to soothe Kierra after their encounter at the hotel. If she’d asked, Kierra would have told her that the orgasm took care of that. But she didn’t ask, so Kierra scraped her teeth along Monica’s tongue with a smile.

Monica pulled back and rested her forehead against Kierra’s. “Normally I agree that we shouldn’t have four agents-”

“Three agents and a PA,” Kierra corrected.

“We shouldn’t have so many people in one location,” Monica continued as if she hadn’t been interrupted. “But we’re on a tight schedule. Besides, we’re not here for Elijah Moore. We’re here for his wife,” Monica breathed the words against Kierra’s jaw.

“Christine Logan,” Kierra said, recalling her name from the dossier.

“She’s not technically in the group’s leadership. And there’s no evidence that she’s ever participated in any terrorist acts. She wouldn’t even be on our radar if she weren’t married to Moore.”

“So what’s the plan, boss,” Kierra whispered.

“Simple. We need to grab Christine’s attention so that Lane and Carlisle have a clearer path to Elijah.”

Kierra lifted onto the balls of her feet to press another kiss to Monica’s mouth. “Got it.” And then she laughed, “Honestly, I thought this was going to be hard.”

Monica started to shake her head but gasped as Kierra stepped to the right, out of her arms.

“Excuse me,” she called across the small alley.

Monica whipped around and standing in front of the restaurant was Christine Moore, née Logan, smiling confusedly at them.

“Hi, ma’am,” Kierra continued. “Is this where the queer ladies’ tea is going to be?”

“The what?” Christine and Monica said at the same time.

Kierra walked across the cobblestone street with a bright smile on her face. She pulled her knit cap down to cover her ears. “The Queer Ladies Who Lunch, Edinburgh chapter. We heard about it from a Swedish backpacker we met in Berlin named Alice. She told us that if we were in town for New Year’s Eve, we should drop by the lunch and meet people. I could have sworn it was supposed to be around here somewhere.”

Christine frowned. Kierra watched as her confusion turned to interest, raking over Kierra’s breasts in her light cashmere sweater. She saw the moment when Christine decided that whatever suspicion made her step out of her restaurant to see about the people huddled across the alley was less important than how great Kierra’s breasts looked under her thin sweater, even with a bra. She was going to make sure she told Maya that when they were back home.

“I-I’m sorry. I’ve never heard of the Queer Ladies…”

“Queer Ladies Who Lunch. Edinburgh chapter. Or maybe,” she turned to Monica and frowned. “Maybe it was Glasgow?”

Monica recovered and walked to her. “Could have been, I guess.”

Kierra sighed. “Well damn, I guess our New Year’s Eve plans are a bust.” She frowned for a second more but then smiled a good dirty smile at Monica, one that Lane would have appreciated. “Guess we’ll have to spend the night in our hotel, eating vegan curry and licking champagne off of each other,” she said with a nonchalant shrug.

Monica spluttered, like actually spluttered. Wait ‘til Lane hears about this, she thought to herself.

“Wait,” Christine said, near frantic.

They both turned to her. “We don’t…” She licked her lips and her eyes darted down either side of the alley. “I don’t know what the Queer Ladies Who Lunch is, I’m sorry. But if you’re vegan, you’re more than welcome to eat here.” She licked her lips again and stepped forward. “And if you’re looking for New Year’s plans with friends,” she reached out to twirl a finger in one of Kierra’s curls, “I might be able to help with that as well.”

Kierra licked her lips, Christine’s eyes hungrily drinking in the sight. She turned to Monica and smiled, “See, I told you I’d find us someone, I mean, something to do.” Christine’s breath hitched. Kierra winked at Monica as Christine ushered them eagerly into the restaurant.

***

Monica’s whisper made her shiver. “Stop staring at them.”

Kierra turned to her and reached out to stroke her face. “I can’t help it. They look…” She wrinkled her nose and shook her head, searching for words. “They look cute together.”

Lane and Carlisle were sitting across the dining room at Earth’s Bounty, at a table nearest to the kitchen. The restaurant was nearly empty and Kierra had an unobstructed view of them as they smiled and laughed and Carlisle wiped a bit of sauce from the corner of Lane’s mouth and then licked it from his finger. Kierra knew she shouldn’t be staring at them. It was like spy 101. And yet… she couldn’t tear her eyes away.

Monica grabbed Kierra’s chin, leaned across the table and pressed their mouths together, whispering only loud enough for Kierra to hear, “It’s acting.”

Kierra rolled her eyes and kissed Monica for real. She sat back in her chair and shrugged, “Yeah, I know that. I’m just saying. They’re real cute together.”

“Is there something we should discuss?”

Kierra’s eyes flitted to Lane and Carlisle again. She licked her lips. “Not yet,” she said, finally tearing her eyes away. She grabbed Monica’s hands and smiled. “But soon. Maybe.”

Monica lifted one of Kierra’s hands to her mouth and brushed her lips across her knuckles. The slight kiss seemed to answer that she looked forward to it.

“Okay,” Christine said, interrupting their quiet moment. “This mushroom bourguignon is nice and filling and will give you lots of energy for… whatever comes next.” She placed a plate in front of Monica and another in front of Kierra. A waiter placed a seat at the head of their table and Christine sank into it with a smile.

“And what about mine?” Kierra asked with her best smile.

Christine leaned toward her, pointing with her index finger. “Our split pea soup with tempeh croutons is famous. It’s also my favorite.” Christine ran her finger across the back of Kierra’s hand.

Kierra noticed the barest tensing of Monica’s hands in her peripheral vision.

Someone cleared their throat. “Sweetheart,” a male voice said.

They all turned to find Elijah Moore standing there, watching them.

Kierra wasn’t entirely sure, but she thought she heard an irritated grunt come from Christine’s direction.

“Oh sweetheart,” Christine finally replied, standing from her seat. They leaned into a dry peck of a kiss that made Kierra sad before turning back to their table. When Elijah Moore laid eyes on Kierra and Monica his gaze wasn’t as guarded as his wife’s had been at first. The hunger Kierra saw there was possessive and wild and she had to force herself not to shudder in discomfort or suck her teeth in disgust.

“Hello, my name is Elijah,” he said, reaching a hand out to Monica. He shook their hands, doing that gross thing that men often do where they cover one of a woman’s hands with both of theirs so that they can grope at her skin that much more.

Kierra smiled but it felt hollow, because it was.

“Sweetheart, this is Luna and Rachel. They’re here on vacation,” Christine said.

Elijah smiled, “And you’ve chosen to spend some of your time with us? I’m delighted.”

Christine pressed herself into Elijah’s side and smiled at Kierra predatorily. “Aren’t they lovely?” She whispered, almost to herself.

Elijah bared his teeth, “Yes. They are.”

“And what about you?” Christine whispered, turning to look across the dining room toward Lane and Carlisle.

They all turned and Kierra leaned around Christine, taking the opportunity to look her fill at them again. Lane and Carlisle were speaking to one another, their heads bent close. They feigned a slow recognition that they were being watched. Their heads turned and they smiled.

Elijah’s voice sounded thick with desire when he spoke, “I found them outside kissing. Considering the menu. I couldn’t help but invite them inside.”

“Oh, how odd. Luna and Rachel were outside kissing as well,” Christine said.

Monica reached for Kierra’s hand. “There must be something about your restaurant,” she said in the tone of voice – deep and intimate – that always felt like electricity over Kierra’s skin. She squeaked a moan and whatever connection Christine was about to make drifted away as she watched Monica’s thumb stroke Kierra’s palm.

Across the restaurant, Lane grabbed his glass of wine and lifted it toward them. Carlisle leaned into his side, turned his head and his mouth almost brushed Lane’s jaw. It was close enough that anyone watching might have assumed that their skin had touched, but Kierra was a hawk and her eyes zeroed in; close, but not quite. Still, it made her heart beat faster.

“I should get back over there,” Elijah said. His voice sounded as if he’d already left them to head back to the other table.

Christine turned to her husband, “I just realized,” she started. Kierra heard the false note in her tone. “I was thinking, dear. Luna and Rachel don’t have New Year’s Eve plans. What do you think about inviting them to our get-together tonight?”

Elijah stared blankly at her for a second, his attention still focused across the restaurant. But then he turned to Monica, his gaze heating.

“And your friends,” Christine added. “I’m sure there’s enough room for them as well.”

That was all it took. The heat in Elijah’s eyes seemed to intensify. He turned back to Lane and Carlisle. Kierra didn’t want to notice his very obvious erection, but she did.

“That is an absolutely wonderful idea,” Elijah said.

“What do you say?”

Monica lifted an eyebrow, “What kind of a get-together are you having?”

“Oh, it won’t be as hectic as the city street party,” Christine said with a chuckle. “Warmer for sure.”

“We like to spend the evening in with a few friends…” He reached out to brush his hand over Monica’s shoulder, “New and old alike. We believe it’s important to enter the new year strengthening our… connections.”

Christine purred.

Kierra wasn’t sure if they were trying to be coy or if they didn’t want to be overheard by their staff and other customers, but she could read between the lines: orgy. “Sounds like our kind of get-together,” she purred back, running her hand up Monica’s forearm.

“Lovely,” Elijah said, putting an arm around his wife. “Then I’ll go and extend an invitation to Peter and John. This might be our best New Year’s Eve yet.”

Kierra had to bite her lips shut. She had no doubt that Lane had chosen the cover names for this mission, because of course.

Kierra noticed only the briefest stiffening of Christine’s lips before she followed her husband across the room, with an apologetic smile to them over her shoulder. She and Monica watched them pose the invitation to the men. They knew what the answer would be, but Kierra wanted just another reason to watch them again. And she was rewarded for being nosy. Everything in the room besides Monica’s hand in hers fell away as Kierra drank in the moment Lane’s hand smoothed over Carlisle’s chest, slid down his abdomen and under the table. She gasped, imagining that his hand settled onto the other man’s belt buckle. She had to force herself not to bounce excitedly in her seat. Monica squeezed her hand to bring her back to herself.

“We definitely need to talk,” Monica mumbled.

Kierra tore her eyes away with a nod and licked her lips, “Yes please.”

Thankfully Monica was a better spy than Kierra could ever pretend to be. The slight tensing of her jaw was barely noticeable. But the heat in her eyes… Well, that fit their cover, so it was okay, Kierra guessed as she rubbed her thighs together.

***

Lane liked watching Monica and Kierra, he always had. From that very first moment they’d all met, he’d found a thrilling pleasure in watching Kierra get underneath Monica’s skin because it got under his. Monica was always so serious and focused. He loved that about her even as he realized that it was unsustainable. He’d known the first time he saw her that she would be the kind of woman who needed someone to help her let her hair down. It took him years and so much patience to figure out how to be that for her. And it was nice sometimes to be able to share that job with someone else. Hell, what took him time and effort came to Kierra as easy as breathing, and bit by bit he relinquished just a bit more of that responsibility to her so that he could sit back and enjoy the fruits of her labor: Monica’s smile, her unexpected laugh, her gruff voice, breathy and labored, her high-pitched moans.

“You shouldn’t be staring at them,” Carlisle whispered.

“I’m not staring,” he said, shifting his eyes to the other man with a smile. “I’m admiring.”

Carlisle raised an eyebrow at him, “I don’t know that I’m a man who likes his husband admiring strange women.”

Lane slid his arm around Carlisle’s back to rest on the back of his chair, but his palm pressed against his back. Just a light presence. “You are if I married you.”

“Was that the stipulation?” His head inclined to the left toward Monica and Kierra’s table.

Lane smiled, “Not in the way you’re insinuating.”

“What am I insinuating?” Carlisle asked, turning toward him, their thighs brushing.

“That one of us told the other person that we had to have an open marriage. That’s not who we are.”

“Who are you? That’s the question everyone at The Agency wants to know, by the way,” Carlisle said, his head tilting forward.

Lane chuckled. “I bet.” His eyes drifted to Monica again. She and Kierra were leaning toward each other over their plates. Smiling. “Did you go to college?” He asked Carlisle.

“I did.”

Lane turned to him and squinted his eyes. “Were you as serious then as all you black ops dicks seem to be now?”

Carlisle smiled and shook his head. “Not even.”

“Yeah, I thought so.” He leaned just a bit forward toward him. “Do you remember what it was like to feel free? That first time you realized that you could make your own decisions and,” he chuckled, “you made all the wrong ones?”

Carlisle’s smile slipped only a fraction and he nodded.

“Do you remember the moment when you realized that you wanted something enough to get your shit together?”

Carlisle nodded again.

“I had all those moments with Monica. She was the thing I wanted enough to get my shit together. And I was the thing she wanted enough to give herself permission to live a little.”

“So you grew up together?”

Lane nodded. “We did. And we promised never to smother any parts of ourselves to do it. That was the stipulation that we gave each other: that we would grow fully and wholly together.”

“And that meant an open marriage?”

Lane shrugged, “For us, yes.”

“And you don’t get jealous?” Carlisle asked. He turned to look at the table across the dining room.

Kierra and Monica were kissing, gentle, innocent pecks of the lips. Kierra whispered something to Monica and she pulled away from their kiss to laugh. Kierra’s eyes lit up as she watched her. Lane’s eyes lit up as he watched them.

“Of course we get jealous. We have in the past and we might in the future.” He turned back to Carlisle. “But not about Kierra. If that’s what you’re asking.”

Carlisle seemed to think about that before nodding.

“Every relationship is different. For Monica and I, we do everything and everyone,” he said with a wink, “as a team. We’ve always wanted to experience everything together. What we like and don’t like, what we need, what scares us, what makes us happy. We’ve built an entire relationship on trial and error. Together. And then we met Kierra.”

“What changed?”

Lane turned back and his gaze settled on her, “Nothing. It wasn’t that we both wanted her. Or even that she wanted us. We’d had that before. It was that we all needed each other. From the moment we met her she fit, like she was always supposed to be there. All that trial and error so that we would be able to recognize her when she walked into our lives.”

“I don’t know what that’s like,” Carlisle admitted.

Lane turned to him and frowned, “I’m sorry. This can be a terrible job if you’re lonely.” Lane lifted his left hand from Carlisle’s back and settled it onto the other man’s shoulder. He squeezed. “Are you lonely?”

Carlisle pressed his lips shut as he seemed to consider the question. And then his eyes flitted up over Lane’s head. He knew by the way the other man’s jaw ticked that someone was behind him. Lane moved his hand from Carlisle’s shoulder, up his neck and gently stroked his cheek. Carlisle closed his eyes and Lane saw what he had probably been trying to decide if he wanted to share; all that loneliness and deprivation washed out his features. He wondered how long it had been since someone had touched him like this. If he had ever been touched like this.

“Is there anything else we can get for you?” Elijah said.

Lane took a second before he turned to smile at the other man. He was leaning on a chair across from them. His eyes were focused on Lane’s hand on Carlisle’s neck. He looked hungry. Greedy. They could work with that.

“No, thank you,” Carlisle said, his voice hoarse.

“I think we’re going to leave. Go back to our hotel to… rest before tonight,” Lane added. He saw the widening of Elijah’s eyes and his nostrils flare. Lane moved his thumb across Carlisle’s cheek and skimmed it across his lips. Carlisle’s mouth opened and his tongue gently swiped the pad of Lane’s finger.

Elijah gasped.

“We’re looking forward to tonight,” Lane added.

Elijah was too overcome with lust to do anything but nod. Yeah, they could definitely work with that.

***

They had hours before the party. Mason and Lane left the restaurant before Monica and Kierra. They went back to his hotel room to go over their plan for tonight before Lane headed back to his own hotel room to fill in his wife and their assistant. Normally Mason would have tried to get a bit of sleep or gone over the plan a few dozen times. But after Lane left he’d turned on an episode of Bawdy Boudoir. He took his phone into the bathroom, turned the volume all the way up and turned on the shower. He rolled his shoulders and waited for the water to heat. He could feel the stress he’d managed to ignore while they’d been undercover seep into his suddenly aching muscles.

“We have a letter from my fave, Jarhead,” Tiya announced with a giggle. His dick jumped at the sound. “I can’t wait,” she whispered, as if she hadn’t already read the story. As if she really savored his emails. He hoped.

“He says,

Dear Love-

I haven’t written in a while. I’ve been traveling again so I have a new story for you. I hope you like it.

I was sitting in a café one night in Paris and I saw this couple. I thought they were husband and wife and they hated each other. I sat there for half an hour watching them, saddened. I don’t know why. Maybe because they looked so disconnected, so alone even though they were together. That resonated with me. And I couldn’t look away.

For almost an hour, they never spoke to each other. Not one word. But then, just as the sun set, the woman moved her hand to the man’s pants. She pulled his dick from his open zipper and stroked him while she drank a glass of wine, leisurely. Elegantly, until he came in a mess over his lap. She wiped her hand on her napkin, drank the last gulp of wine in her glass, got up and left. Just like that. No words. No kiss goodbye. Just put her purse onto her shoulder and walked away.

I don’t know what that was but it wasn’t a marriage. If it was, more people would probably stay married, don’t you think?”

Mason was in the shower by the time Tiya was done reading his email. He had already covered his hand in expensive body wash and was stroking his dick slowly, his breath ragged. Listening to Tiya speak could rev him up even when she was reading the tamest stories. But listening to her read his story – his fantasy, really, of what he wanted to do with her – bowed his back in no time. Her soft moan after that last sentence made his balls ache.

“If you’re new to the Bawdy Boudoir, I think you have a good idea why Jarhead has a special place in my heart now. This might be TMI, but his emails always make me wet.”

Mason’s hand moved faster over his dick and he groaned.

“Jarhead,” Tiya said in a sultry voice. It sounded like she was leaning close to the mic. “Wherever you are, I want you to know that I’ll be thinking of you tonight when I touch myself.”

Mason came in a forceful gush all over his hand, Tiya’s name on his lips.

***

Lane let himself into their hotel room. The lights were off. It was quiet until he heard the moan. It was actually two mingled moans that harmonized perfectly as they fell past his favorite lips at the same time. He toed his shoes off and loosened his tie. He took his cufflinks off and slipped them into his jacket pocket before stripping it off his shoulders. He threw it haphazardly over the back of the couch. He’d unbuckled his belt and was unbuttoning his shirt when he pushed the bedroom door open to the darkened room.

Monica was on top of Kierra. Her legs were wrapped around Monica’s waist. Monica’s hips moved in a rhythmic and gentle rotation. Lane didn’t need the lights to see Monica’s harness. Their mouths were so close; flashes of their tongues made a slight sheen of sweat break out on his forehead. Lane only realized that Monica was whispering to her, when Kierra answered with a moaned “yes” that made his dick painfully hard and his balls feel heavy in his underwear.

Monica’s voice rose. She knew he was there.

“Do you want him?” Monica asked.

“Yes,” Kierra moaned again.

Lane smiled and began to walk toward the bed.

“Do you want Lane to fuck him?”

Lane’s steps faltered and his hands stilled on the button of his slacks.

“I want you to fuck me while Lane fucks him,” Kierra said, her voice shaky and dripping with lust.

“Who’s him?” He asked.

Kierra’s head fell back as Monica increased the speed of her thrusts. Their moans filled the room. Monica licked the column of her neck and Lane nearly ripped his pants open, the need to touch them, be inside one of them as quickly as possible making his hands shake. He was naked in a heartbeat. “Who’s him?” He asked again as he crawled onto the bed.

Monica finally turned to him, their eyes locked as she ground her hips into Kierra. Lane grasped his shaft and began to pump.

“Carlisle,” Monica finally said. Kierra moaned. “She got wet watching you with Carlisle.”

Lane laughed, moved to the head of the bed and brushed his hand over the crown of Kierra’s head. She was in bliss. He wasn’t sure if she heard him. “It’s just the mission, sweet girl.”

“It doesn’t have to be,” Monica said.

Lane turned to her and smiled. “He asked about our boundaries.”

Monica was watching him. She stopped fucking Kierra momentarily and sat up on her knees. She grabbed Kierra’s hips to hold her in place. Kierra squirmed, begging in soft moans until Monica started to stroke into her again; this time in shallow but hard thrusts.

Lane felt the shiver ripple through Kierra’s body from her core outward.

“Our boundaries?” Monica said.

Lane gently cupped Kierra’s chin and turned her head. He kept his eyes on Monica and touched the head of his dick to Kierra’s lips. She moaned. He shivered as her tongue and warm, wet mouth engulfed him, stroking his length with firm suction.

“Our boundaries,” Lane repeated.

He caught a glimpse of Monica’s smile before she turned her attention back to Kierra. She began to grind into her again. The errant rays of the setting sun bounced off of their sweaty bodies. He took comfort in the fact that he was home.





five


Just as Mason stepped out of the shower there was a knock on his hotel room door. He wrapped a towel around his waist, grabbed his firearm and called out, “Who is it?”

“The concierge, sir. I have a message for you.” Mason recognized that voice.

He looked through the peephole and recognized the man on the other side of the door. Sanchez was his number two in the field. Mason trusted him with his life and he was his designated go-between. If he needed a message while he was undercover, his only trusted source was Sanchez. This was an expected relay.

He pulled the door open. Mason’s wet hair was dripping into his face and his colleague’s eyes raked over his bare chest with a smile. “You had a message from your employer while you were out, sir,” he said in a passable Glaswegian accent. He extended his arm to hand Mason an envelope.

Mason grabbed it and smiled. “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome… sir,” Sanchez replied, turned, and walked away.

Mason closed the door and walked backward into the sitting room, his eyes on the door just in case. He opened the envelope with one hand, the other still gripping his gun – because he could never be too prepared, not even with Sanchez. The card he pulled from the envelope had a series of numbers handwritten on it confirming the extraction details. Mason recognized the coordinates for the Moores’ cottage and a time. Everything looked in order so he headed back into the bathroom. He dropped the card onto the bathroom counter by his cell phone. He put his gun next to the card and queued up another episode of Bawdy Boudoir. This one was a few weeks old, but it was one of his favorites.

“Hello lovers,” Tiya said in the husky voice she always used for her greeting. “Have I got a treat for you. I’ve been writing again.” She sounded so happy that it made him smile, every time. “Each week you all send me the sexiest stories. And when I was going through my dry spell, the submissions doubled. So I thought I’d start today’s episode with a few words of my own. As a thank you.”

There was an awkward moment of silence. He held his breath and waited for his favorite part of this story: her soft moan. He wondered how she wrote that out. He wondered how that moan would sound directly in his ear. He wondered if he would ever get to hear it. He shook his head knowing that was never going to happen because if it did, something had gone seriously wrong. That’s what he had to remind himself to keep his desperation for her at bay. If he ever got that close to Tiya Randall, her life would be in danger and it would be all his fault.

***

“Now this is much better,” Kierra said as she smoothed her hands over the floor-length purple velvet slip dress she’d bought for Christmas. She hadn’t gotten a chance to wear it since they’d technically spent the entire day either naked underneath their robes or just naked. It was the best Christmas Kierra had ever had and was absolutely worth the very long, passive-aggressive voicemail her aunt had left when she’d told her she wasn’t coming home. But she had wished she’d gotten the chance to wear the dress. Even for a little while.

She gathered her hair at the top of her head, “You think I should wear my hair up?”

Lane slipped his shirt onto his body and moved to stand behind her. He kissed her at the base of her neck.

She shivered. “Definitely up,” she decided.

He tilted his head to lock eyes with her in the mirror. He wrapped his arms around her waist. “Have you decided where you want to go for our vacation?”

She smiled just as she saw Monica move into their room in her peripheral vision. Kierra nodded, “Puerto Rico.” She watched Monica’s steps falter. Lane leaned down to kiss Kierra on her pulse. She could feel the smile on his mouth.

“As soon as we’re done here,” he said loud enough for Monica to hear.

Kierra leaned back into him. Monica moved closer to them, the warmth from her body at their left. Kierra locked eyes with her in the mirror. She smiled at the softness she saw there. It wasn’t new, but on a mission Monica could be guarded; shut down so that she could do what needed to be done. And even if it wasn’t the best idea, Kierra always loved being able to get under her skin and remind her to be soft, just for them, no matter how dangerous the world outside their bubble might be.

Monica moved in front of Kierra, her voice thick with emotion when she spoke. “And what about Carlisle?”

Kierra licked her lips and ground her ass back into Lane’s groin. “What would you have done before me?”

Lane scraped his teeth along Kierra’s neck, just where it joined her shoulder. “If he wanted us and we wanted him…” His words trailed off and he licked at her skin.

“Like with me?” Kierra asked in a breathy voice as her nipples began to harden.

Monica’s hand moved up Kierra’s body. She pushed one of the straps of her dress off of her shoulder. Her index finger traced across Kierra’s collarbone, down to the top of her breast and she pulled the dress farther down to bare her nipple; she circled it with her thumb. “We’ve never had anyone like you,” Monica whispered.

“And we don’t need anyone else,” Lane added quickly. “It could be just the three of us from here on out.” He laughed. “Lord knows you’re a handful.”

Kierra groaned as he flattened his hands onto her stomach and pulled her back into his growing bulge. Monica grasped Kierra’s breast at the same time, the firm sharpness of her hand turning that groan into a sharp hiss. They often worked in tandem on her.

“The perfect handful,” Monica breathed.

Monica moved in front of her and pushed the other strap over Kierra’s shoulder. The only thing stopping her from climbing into Monica’s arms again was Lane’s firm hold on her. It was frustrating and exhilarating.

“Please,” Kierra begged as Monica’s thumbs softly circled her nipples.

“We don’t need anyone else,” Lane said again.

Kierra tipped her head back to his shoulder on a soft moan. She licked her lips and watched Monica’s face. Her expression was almost flat, but Kierra knew the small signs of strain; squinting eyes, tight lips. She smiled.

“You two are mine,” she said, rubbing her thighs together. “I’m possessive, but not selfish.”

Monica licked her lips and pinched her nipples. Kierra groaned.

“Tell us what you want,” Monica said in a harsh voice, another sign that she was reaching her limit.

“If he’s open,” Kierra said, reaching out to grasp Monica’s waist. “And you’re open.” She scraped her nails down the bare skin of Monica’s hips. “I want Agent Carlisle in our bed when the mission is over.”

“Just him?” Lane said.

“For now,” Kierra said. “But if we like it, I wouldn’t mind sharing you two. Sometimes.” She stressed that last word.

Monica nodded once and then her face flashed with relief as she lowered her head to suck one nipple into her mouth.

“And if he’s not interested?” Lane asked, unconsciously grinding his dick into her ass.

Kierra moaned. Her words were stilted, thick with desire. “I don’t think we’ll have a hard time finding someone else.” She reached around her body and gripped his dick. She could have orgasmed right there when he moaned into her ear and Monica scraped her teeth along her nipple. But she held herself together, anticipating all that was to come.

***



Mason dropped into the same chair he’d sat in before with a smirk. He wasn’t sure if they were trying to hide the fact that they’d just fucked; if they were, they were failing. Terribly. Not that they had a reason to hide it since the gossip about Monica and Lane’s exploits were legendary before they’d started dating their PA. Since then… well, their names were on everyone’s lips. Even the black ops crew knew about them, which was saying something. But gossip was one thing. Walking into their post-orgasmic bliss was another thing altogether.

They were sitting on the couch, Kierra sandwiched between the other two, curled into Monica’s side. Lane had thrown his arm over the back of the couch, one of his fingers twirling in the dark curtain of Monica’s hair. Mason didn’t usually have time for sex while on the job. The black ops division was nothing like the deep cover work Monica and Lane normally did. When he got too horny in the field, he usually eased the tension with a few episodes of the Bawdy Boudoir, a bottle of lube and his hand. But as he sat across from them, his skin felt hot and tingly. How long since he’d been with someone besides a disembodied voice?

And as if she knew what he was feeling, a slow smile spread across Kierra’s mouth.

Mason shifted in his chair and leaned forward, his hands on his knees to hopefully hide the growing bulge in his lap. He got to the issue at hand. “Here’s how I want to run this. I’ve got an exfil team that’ll be ready to smuggle Moore out of the country once we have him in custody.”

“Just Elijah?”

Mason nodded, “We’ve been following them both and while we know Christine’s involved in the organization, we can’t pin any of the bombings to her. None of the bombers ever mention her and Elijah is absolutely the figurehead. So our orders for tonight are to take him only. But anyone who gets in the way either comes with us or we take them down.”

Lane shrugged, “It’s your mission.”

“What do you need us to do?” Monica asked.

“Christine seems interested in you two,” he said, looking directly at Kierra.

“Can you blame her?” She said as she brushed a kiss along Monica’s jaw.

Mason’s eyes widened and he looked to Monica and then Lane. Monica’s face was blank as if she wasn’t at all affected by Kierra’s actions. Lane smiled lazily back at him and moved a hand to rest on Kierra’s hip.

Mason cleared his throat, shook his head and laughed. “I guess I can’t.” He took a deep breath to settle his nerves. It didn’t quite work, but he felt comfortable continuing. “If you two can keep her distracted while Lane and I lure Elijah away, we can be in and out of there before you know it.”

“And then what?” Kierra asked.

Mason opened and closed his mouth. Lane’s smiled widened.

“What do you mean?” Mason asked.

“She means, if we’re in and out before we know it, what will we do for the rest of the night? It is New Year’s Eve after all,” Monica said. It was the most matter-of-fact proposition he’d ever received. And oddly, it worked for him.

Mason’s eyes shifted to Lane, “So I guess you three talked about your boundaries?”

Lane smiled smugly and shrugged, “We did. And apparently, we don’t have many.”

“What about you?” Monica asked.

Mason’s eyes shifted to her and there was something about her hard glare that sucked him in. It was a few seconds before he answered. “Me?”

Mason’s eyes followed the movement of her hand as it met Lane’s on Kierra’s hip. He was staring at their twined fingers when she asked again. “What are your boundaries?”

He let out a shaky breath. And then he heard Tiya’s voice in his head, “Don’t you want to try something new, lovers? Isn’t it time you stopped telling yourself no?”

He nodded his head absently at her voice in his head. “As it happens, I don’t have many boundaries either. And I’ve been on mission for a while,” he said. What he didn’t say was that he only had one boundary that mattered and it was keeping him from the one thing he wanted above everything else.

“This is going to be so much fun,” Kierra exclaimed, pulling Mason out of his own head. He smiled and tasted the new sensation of having something to look forward to. Instead of hopping on a plane to a new location, another job and another lonely night in a hotel room with his hand, her voice and his unfulfilled desires.





six


As often happened, when Mason entered a building connected to a surveillance subject, he had a few moments of déjà vu where his brain overlaid the image of the building in front of him with the blueprints he’d studied. It was his way of looking for liabilities; walls where they shouldn’t be, curious doors, a ceiling height that didn’t make sense. It seemed small, but as he’d been taught – and quickly learned once he entered the field – simply paying attention to your surroundings could save your life. Or not.

As he and Lane walked together around the main sitting room, nodding obliquely at the people they passed, he was shocked to find that nothing seemed out of place. This wasn’t even a particularly crowded party, which wasn’t ideal, but they could make it work. They could especially use the fact that the house was choppy, many small rooms separated by walls and short hallways. Mason had confirmed almost as soon as they arrived that Sanchez had been right; their best extraction point would be the small mudroom off the kitchen at the back of the house. Mason didn’t want to get ahead of himself, but it seemed as if this might be the fastest rendition of his career.

“Now comes the hard part,” he whispered to Lane as they made their way through the main living room to a smaller parlor.

“And that is?”

“Getting Elijah’s attention and luring him to the back of the house.”

Lane turned to him with a smirk on his face and a sympathetic gleam in his eyes. “They really don’t teach you all how to use your natural gifts, do they? It’s all weapons and explosives and misdirection?”

Mason frowned, “What do you mean?”

He tilted his head and turned away, gesturing for Mason to follow him. In a small, dark hallway between the parlor and the dining room, Lane stopped and turned to him. He put his hands on Mason’s shoulders and pushed him gently back against the wall.

“This isn’t the time,” he said, his mouth going suddenly dry but his dick twitching in his pants.

Lane’s hands moved up the column of his neck and he gripped his face, his fingers pressing gently at the base of Mason’s head. It might have calmed him, if Mason was one to panic in the middle of an op. But he wasn’t panicking, so the feeling of Lane’s fingers pressing him there turned that twitching in his pants into a rush of electricity.

“What do they say about us at The Agency?” Lane asked.

“What?” Mason gasped as Lane moved forward and pressed their bodies together. Lane’s next words caressed the soft shadow of a beard on Mason’s face.

“About Kierra? What do they say about my wife and I always bringing our assistant into the field?”

Mason had been trained to keep a clear mind for up to three days against most kinds of torture, but his brain felt fuzzy in a way that he’d never been trained to resist. And to be honest, he didn’t want to. “People think you’re crazy and putting everyone you work with in danger. Because-” Lane’s thigh moved between Mason’s legs and pressed against his hardening dick. Mason swallowed thickly.

“Because,” Lane prompted, their lips almost touching.

“Because she’s untrained. She’s just a civvie.” Lane smiled against his lips and swept his tongue over the seam. Mason’s mouth opened immediately. He wanted to taste him.

But Lane pulled away and tilted his head. “Come see how untrained she is.”

Lane walked further down the hallway to another small sitting room. In the main living room, people were pretending that this was a regular New Year’s Eve get-together. But in this back room, the heat had risen considerably and the truth of the night’s festivities were barely hidden under the veneer of casual party chatter. It didn’t take long to realize what was different about this crowd.

Hidden in a far corner, Monica and Kierra were sitting on a small settee. At first glance they looked like two people having an intimate conversation, heads bent close. But if you looked for a few seconds longer, you might catch a flash of Kierra’s tongue as it glided along the outer shell of Monica’s ear or their lips brushing against each other’s gently in passing. Their connection wasn’t a surreptitious encounter; it was an extended seduction of each other, and the entire room around them. If one looked longer, harder, it would have been easy to become entranced, as Mason did, with the way Monica’s hand smoothed up Kierra’s bare shin, gripped her knee and then slid, ever so slowly – and without one second of hesitation no matter how loud the room around them got – under her dress and between her legs. Mason assumed that if he and Lane had been closer they might have heard whatever sound Kierra made when her mouth fell open. Was it a gasp? Or a moan? Mason was desperate to know. But whatever sound she’d made had gotten the attention of every person close enough to hear it and that far end of the room went silent as their audience turned – some blatantly, some briefly – toward that dark corner and the women on the settee.

“The entire room is focused on her.” Lane’s breath tickled Mason’s ear and his tall, lanky body settled behind him. He wrapped an arm around Mason’s waist and pulled him back, grinding his bulge into Mason’s ass.

“And your wife,” Mason whispered.

Lane’s chuckle sounded sexy in Mason’s ear. “My wife hates the spotlight. She might have been black ops if it wasn’t for me. But Kierra just has this way about her. She loves the attention.”

The best part of his training had been learning how to process large amounts of information at once. It was the kind of thing that kept someone like him alive long enough to keep someone like Lane alive when he provided tactical support. But once again Mason felt as if he’d reached the limits of his training. Because it was all he could do to comprehend Lane’s words, the small movements of Kierra’s hips as Monica’s hand moved under her dress, the intense eye contact and whispered conversation between the two women, and Lane’s hand, as it moved down his front and cupped his dick in a firm grip.

Mason moaned. It had been so long since someone else had touched him this way.

“How does she do it?” Mason asked.

“Hmm,” Lane breathed, his tongue circling Mason’s earlobe.

Mason’s hips jumped as Lane squeezed him. He was breathless when he spoke, “How does she get under her skin like that?”

“The same way I got under yours,” Lane said. As he spoke, Monica and Kierra seemed to realize that they were there and turned.

Mason locked eyes on Kierra, whose mouth was open on a moan? Deep breaths? Mason didn’t know and he hated not knowing. He watched as Monica kissed and bit Kierra’s bare shoulder. She wrapped a hand behind Kierra’s back and Mason watched as it appeared to grasp at Kierra’s breast, her other hand pumping noticeably.

Mason’s eyes flitted around the room. While most eyes were glued on the far corner, some had now turned to him and Lane. “How?” Mason asked, unable to reiterate his question fully as Kierra bit her bottom lip, her eyes fluttering closed as her orgasm neared. Lane slipped his hand into Mason’s unzipped pants.

“I wanted to,” Lane said, as if it was that simple.

It wasn’t. Mason wanted to tell him that it was absolutely not that simple. That whatever the fuck he and Kierra were doing to capture the attention of the entire room was not something he’d ever been taught as a means of misdirection. But he couldn’t find the words to tell Lane that because Kierra’s hands tightened, one on the side of the settee and the other on Monica’s thigh. Her head fell back on a moan, this time mercifully loud enough for Mason to hear. Her body shook with the force of her orgasm.

Lane’s hand was a gentle pressure on his dick, but not enough to get him off. He wanted to tell him to stroke him, to pull him into their own corner or, even better, to walk across the room to that other corner. But there was some gaping pit in his chest that ached as he watched Monica kiss her way up Kierra’s neck and use her nose to nudge her just under her chin. Kierra’s smile as she lowered her head and kissed Monica deeply made Mason feel lonelier than he had in years. Even Lane’s hand on his dick couldn’t push that away.

Thankfully, Lane’s body tensed and he removed his hand from Mason’s pants. “Incoming,” he whispered into Mason’s ear.

Mason kept his eyes on Kierra and Monica for a few seconds more before turning to the other entrance into the room. Elijah and Christine Moore stood staring at them. Elijah’s eyes were hungry while Christine seemed vaguely amused until she spotted Monica and Kierra in their corner. Her eyes lit up and she walked quickly away from her husband without a word or a backwards glance.

Lane was right. Kierra might have been an untrained civilian but he’d known field agents who needed weeks to do what Kierra had done in hours. Now that they’d effectively separated Christine from her husband, it was time to do what they’d come here for. Lane zipped Mason’s pants up and patted his erection gently. The absurdity of it made Mason laugh unexpectedly. And Elijah, who’d been surveying the room and everyone he’d invited here, turned his head to look their way. He smiled at them. Mason was still smiling from his laughter and he forced himself not to let it fade. Lane grabbed his hand and led the way across the room.

“Good evening,” Elijah said to them in that crisp accent.

“Good evening,” Lane replied in a plain Midwestern accent.

“Are you enjoying yourselves?” Elijah asked.

Lane smiled, “It’s not what we expected, but thank you for inviting us.”

Elijah frowned, “What did you expect?”

Lane turned his head and drew their attention to the corner where Kierra was snuggled against Monica and they were laughing with Christine, her hand on Kierra’s knee.

Mason was cool under fire and under cover. But there was a reason he’d wanted field agents to accompany him on this op rather than someone from his black ops team. Black ops agents effectively had two settings: look, but don’t touch or smash and grab. This mission was supposed to be a long-term surveillance op, but Mason had been called in when it turned into an active and immediate rendition situation after a P14 bombing in Belgium. It took him two months of waiting for the right moment to present itself, waiting for the opening to become clear. But field agents – these three field agents in particular – hadn’t needed to wait around. They’d created the opening and put all the chess pieces on the board precisely where they wanted them. It was the first time Mason had ever wished he’d declined the black ops invitation.

Elijah extended his hand to trace the collar of Lane’s opened dress shirt. He turned to Mason and smiled that same feral smile from earlier in the day, “Have you been given a tour of the cottage?”

“No,” Mason croaked.

Elijah smiled. “Would you like one?”

“That depends,” Lane interjected.

Elijah’s eyebrows raised, “On?”

“On if the tour ends at a bed.” Lane’s hand covered Elijah’s on his chest and his smile was a dirty promise.

Elijah seemed at a loss for words. Mason was shocked at that. How had Lane so effectively silenced a man who was building a cult-like following so blind they’d been willing to kill other human beings for their cause? This was the kind of masterclass he’d needed as a young agent. And his shock only continued as Lane released Elijah’s hand and grabbed Mason behind the back of the head. Their faces moved slowly, just slow enough, he realized, that Lane was giving him a way out. He could say no. He could assert this as a boundary.

His eyes caught just over Lane’s shoulder on Kierra. She was watching them. As his mouth touched Lane’s and their lips moved together, his eyes bored into Kierra’s as he parted his lips and gently pushed his tongue into the other man’s mouth. Kierra licked her lips and grinned, her fingers playing with the thin strap of her dress. The soft fabric at the deep neckline threatened to fall and expose even more of her silky flesh. Mason found himself desperate to see her dark nipples and taste them. He kissed Lane harder. It was a promise of what was to come.

***

The distance from the small parlor to the kitchen was just a few feet, but the walk seemed to take forever. Every few steps someone called from a room to say hello to Elijah, all of them looking up at him as if he were the second coming. It was disturbing to say the least. Mason used the discomfort he felt to push some of the lust clouding his brain aside so that he could focus on the task at hand. The Agency had sent him after Elijah Moore and Passage 14, because they needed to be stopped.

“Where are you going, Elijah?” a voice called from the library. A man appeared in the doorway, leveling his wary gaze at Mason and Lane. Mason recognized him from his surveillance as Elijah’s devoted assistant and sometimes lover, Arnold Walsh. He was usually attached to Elijah at the hip. Mason had planned for this contingency. He would take Arnold down if he had to.

“I’m just giving our new… friends,” Elijah said, turning to look at them. Lane squeezed Mason’s shoulder and pressed into his body from behind. Elijah cleared his throat, his face reddening and he began again. “I’m giving our new friends a tour of the cottage.”

“I can do that,” Arnold said. “That’s beneath you.”

Mason could have laughed. Lane did chuckle softly.

“That’s quite alright, Arnie,” Elijah said, irritation and arousal making his voice rough.

Arnold’s face fell and his shoulders slumped at the rebuke. Elijah stepped forward. Mason watched as he reached out and grasped Arnold’s shoulders, pulling him into a hug. Arnold relaxed into the embrace, wrapping his arms around Elijah’s body. Mason heard Elijah whisper softly to the other man. Whatever he said made the other man relax. When they stepped out of the embrace, Arnold’s face had transformed from pinched and hurt to bright and open. No human being should have that kind of control over another, Mason thought to himself.

Lane squeezed his shoulder. Mason’s body had tensed. He forced his muscles to relax and smiled. When Arnold looked back at them, he winked and whispered, “enjoy…” before he turned and walked away.

“Shall we?” Elijah asked, gesturing for them to follow him.

They were just outside of the kitchen. If they turned left at the end of the hallway, they would pass the front living room and reach a short flight of stairs leading upstairs. But if they turned right, they could cross the kitchen in a few steps, fling open the back door and the extraction team would be there. Mason was lifting his hands to grab Elijah from the back and wrap his arms around his neck until he passed out, when the kitchen door swung open. He settled his hands on Elijah’s shoulders and squeezed. Mason felt the shiver run through Elijah’s body.

“Oh, hello, Mr. Moore.” Mason didn’t recognize the young woman, but she was wearing a server’s uniform.

“Hello,” he said as he turned his head and brushed his mouth against Mason’s hand.

Lane moved around them and wrapped an arm around the woman’s shoulders, an alluring smile on his face. “Is Mrs. Moore in the kitchen?”

The woman’s face flushed and she shook her head. “N-no. There’s… there’s no one in there?”

Lane frowned. “Hmmm. Do you have any idea where she might be? We’ve been looking all around for her.”

It was such a deft lie that Mason was impressed and lying was the crux of their job. But he didn’t want Elijah to notice it so he moved his index finger to lightly caress the man’s face. It was a necessary distraction and it worked. As did Lane’s.

“I- I can go find her for you,” she offered eagerly.

“Would you mind?” Lane asked, laying it on a bit thick.

She shook her head and smiled up at him before hurrying away. They waited until she was out of sight before Lane turned and grabbed Elijah by the front of his pants, slipping his fingers into the waist of his slacks and pulling him forward, through the kitchen door.

It took Elijah a second to realize where they were. He shook his head. “Upstairs,” he croaked.

Lane cut him off by pulling him forward and crushing their mouths together, still moving backward toward the door. Mason took the opportunity to pull his phone from his pocket and alert his team. He then opened his coat, pulled out the syringe hidden in his breast pocket and slipped the needle into Elijah’s exposed neck.

He reared back in shock, his wide eyes moving between the two men. Shock turned to rage and he was gearing up, they could both see, to rush them. That was always the first impulse for men like him; anger when things didn’t go their way. And that worked in their favor. The rush of anger made the blood pump harder, pushing the drug through his system faster. Just as he was about to explode, the fire in his eyes died and he collapsed, crumpling to the floor.

“Let’s tie him up,” Lane said, pulling hand ties from his breast pocket and handing some to Mason. They almost had him completely secured when the kitchen door opened and the same young girl gasped, looking down on them. Mason could see the scream building in her throat and it made him sad. Christine, he was prepared to take if he had to. Arnold, he would absolutely take. But this girl who he didn’t even recognize… He hated when civilians got involved.

***

Monica was a deep reserve of patience. She was calm and levelheaded and focused. She was also seconds away from breaking every bone in Christine Moore’s right hand, which had not moved from Kierra’s knee since she’d joined them.

Bystanders probably couldn’t see her rage, but she knew Kierra could feel it. But they both knew that right now they had no choice. So Kierra leaned closer against Monica’s side and tried to reassure her that this would be over soon. But seconds soon and minutes soon and hours soon were very different temporal realities and Monica wasn’t sure that any of those options would be soon enough.

They were waiting for the signal from Lane and Mason that they’d captured Elijah and the extraction team had him so they could make their excuses and leave. Or, because it always paid to be prepared, they were waiting for word that something had gone wrong and the two needed backup. But the seconds seemed to drag on for hours and still no word.

Relief of sorts came when a young girl slunk into the room, timid and shy. She whispered to Christine that her husband was looking for her. Christine seemed irritated at the intrusion.

“I don’t interrupt him when he’s busy,” she hissed, her eyes settling on Kierra’s chest.

Monica’s fist clenched at Kierra’s side. Kierra moved to soothe her fingers with a soft touch.

She wanted to stay. They needed her to stay. But Monica saw the moment when Christine decided to leave.

Kierra saw that as well. She moved a hand to cover Christine’s on her knee – the hand Monica really wanted to fucking break – and sucked her bottom lip into her mouth. Christine was hypnotized.

“Tell my husband that I’m busy and I will find him later,” she whispered, moving her free hand to Kierra’s other knee, this one gripping, not just resting.

Monica decided to break that hand as well.

“Ma’am, are y-you sure?” The girl asked.

“Very,” Christine whispered.

The girl looked confused and nervous.

Monica hated to do this but it had to be done. She squeezed Kierra’s side and turned to the girl. “Excuse me,” she said, pulling her attention away from Christine. “Can you show me to the toilet?”

“Um,” the girl said, her eyes shifting back to Christine momentarily.

“Look at me,” she demanded.

She felt Kierra shiver against her; she did always love when Monica barked out orders.

The girl complied and swallowed.

“The bathroom,” Monica said again.

She nodded and Monica stood. “I’ll be back,” she said to Kierra.

“We’ll be here,” Christine answered, never taking her eyes off of Kierra.

It was only Monica’s self-control that kept her from flinging Christine across the room.

She followed the girl out of the parlor down a small hallway. Her hands were clenching at her sides. Just past the kitchen door, the girl gestured toward a small half-bathroom and Monica smiled at her in thanks. She walked into the room but didn’t close the door completely.

She heard another door open and the young girl gasped. There was a beat of silence before a male voice, one she didn’t recognize, called down the hall.

“Elijah?”

Monica peeked out of the door and saw a stocky man heading toward the kitchen. She held her breath as he pushed the kitchen door open. She moved slowly. He never even heard her coming.

***



“I’m really sorry about this,” Lane breathed to the terrified girl. He had one hand covering her mouth as he held her around the waist.

“What do you want to do about her?” He asked Mason.

Mason secured the last restraint, hogtying Elijah for ease of transport, and looked up at Lane. “Knock her out. We’re taking her with us. We have to go.”

The girl’s eyes widened and she began to scream or plead, he couldn’t quite hear with Lane’s hand muffling her words.

“I’m not knocking her out,” Lane said. He looked down at the girl and repeated the words to her reassuringly, “I’m not going to knock you out. I’m not that kind of man.”

“Do your job, Agent,” Mason commanded.

Field hierarchy was quite clear in The Agency; black ops agents had seniority. It didn’t matter whose mission they were on or how many years the black ops team had, what they said was law, because their mission parameters were to save the agent and the operation and there was no margin for error. Field agents on the other hand often did exactly what Lane was doing: prioritizing civilians over the mission. It was altruistic, but The Agency was not a human rights organization. They had a job to do. Field agents and black ops were two sides of the same coin. Moral standards were great in the field until the job went belly up. When that happened, black ops agents were trained to dispel the kind of moral quandaries that might, for instance, make them want to leave behind an innocent waitress who just happened to stumble upon them kidnapping her boss. And Mason was about to remind Lane that he had the final word when the kitchen door swung open again.

Arnold’s face was contorted with confusion and then rage as he took in the scene in front of him; his boss on the floor tied up like an animal and Lane restraining the server. Mason stood and wished he’d brought a firearm on this mission. But he didn’t need it. Monica moved into the kitchen after Arnold, who was too focused on them to notice her behind him. She snatched a skillet from the stove as she passed and swiftly brought it down onto Arnold’s head. They all watched as the man fell onto his boss in a heap.

There was a second of tense silence before the server began to squirm in Lane’s arms.

“What’s this?” Monica asked her husband.

“Collateral,” Mason answered.

She turned to him and didn’t frown, but Mason could feel the disapproval in her words. “We don’t operate that way,” she said simply.

Mason didn’t even think of reminding her that he outranked her. He couldn’t think of a black ops commander who would in that moment.

“What do you want to do?” Lane asked.

She turned her eyes to the girl and stared at her. “If he moves his hand, will you scream?”

She shook her head wildly, tears building in her eyes.

“Of course she would say that,” Mason said.

Monica ignored him and peeled Lane’s hand from her mouth. The server shook her head and pressed her lips together.

“What’s your name?” Monica asked.

“Suzanne,” she said, her Scottish accent thicker than it had been before. “Bu-but everyone calls me Suzy.”

“Are you a member of Passage 14 or Coming Dawn, Suzy?”

She shook her head emphatically. “I’m just filling in for my sister to make some extra money.”

“What do you need the money for, Suzy?”

“I,” tears started streaming down her cheeks, “I met a bloke online. He lives in Brazil. I’m moving there. We’re going to get married.”

Monica smiled. “That’s sweet.” She grasped Suzy’s shoulders as Lane slowly released her and backed away. “Suzy, I want you to listen to me.” Suzy nodded. “We’re going to take these two out of here. If anyone asks if you’ve seen them, all you have to do is say that you haven’t. In two weeks, we’ll transfer enough money into your account to buy a first class ticket to Brazil and set you up for two months while you’re there.”

Suzy’s eyes widened, and her mouth fell open. But she remembered her promise to Monica and snapped her jaw shut. Mason was impressed.

“Can you keep your mouth shut, Suzy?” Monica asked.

She nodded and wiped the tears from her face.

“Good. Now go hide in the toilet for ten minutes. Clean yourself up and then get out of here as soon as you can.”

Monica released the girl and she made a beeline for the door.

“And Suzy,” Monica said, stopping the girl in her tracks. “I’ll know if you tell.”

The girl’s eyes widened, her face drained of color and she turned, hurrying from the room.

“What if she talks?” Mason hissed.

Monica turned to him and her hard eyes made his entire body still. “Like I said. I’ll know.”

If that was how she’d looked at Suzy, Mason felt they had a chance the girl would keep her mouth shut. But also it didn’t matter. Once they got out of here tonight, it wouldn’t matter what some scared girl said. No one would find Elijah Moore or Arnold Walsh until The Agency wanted them to be found. If they wanted them to be found.

There was a singular, soft knock at the back door.

Mason moved to it and pulled it open. Sanchez was there in tactical gear. Ready. “We’ve got two,” Mason said.

Sanchez nodded and turned to the darkness. Mason moved back into the kitchen. Sanchez and another agent hustled into the house, grabbed Arnold and quickly headed back outside.

“You get back to Kierra and get out of here ASAP,” he said to Monica. She nodded and turned to Lane. The look that passed between them was meaningful, although Mason had no idea what it meant. When she was gone, he and Lane grabbed Elijah and headed out of the kitchen. They closed the door behind him and walked off into the night.

A black van was parked a few feet from the kitchen door on a gravel driveway, just outside the arc of light from the house. They hoisted Elijah into the back of the van to the rest of his team and crawled inside behind him. They were moving immediately. Mission accomplished.





seven


“So we’ll go to Puerto Rico for two weeks, then back to D.C. so I can take this dumb test and get my raise and then home,” Kierra called to Monica.

Monica was in the bathroom brushing her hair and Kierra was sitting on their hotel bed, their skin flushed and warm from the shower. Kierra had her tablet on her lap. She was going over their itinerary. She called out to Monica again, “And I just sent my request for paid vacation to you.”

“Just sign it, Kierra,” Monica yelled back.

Kierra smirked, “Normally I would. But we’re technically under high HR alert so you probably shouldn’t let me forge your signature anymore.” She threw her tablet to the bed as Monica walked out of the bathroom, naked, her inky black hair pulled over one shoulder. “Also,” Kierra added with a grin. “That’s a violation of the information systems chain of command. I could be stealing money from your accounts hand over fist.”

Monica stopped at the end of the bed and reached for Kierra’s legs. She pulled her closer and Kierra fell onto her back with a laugh.

“Why steal from us yourself when you can just convince your best friend to bust our civilian contractors budget for the final quarter of the year,” Monica said, leaning down to untie the knot keeping Kierra’s robe closed.

“She was in the middle of a shootout. She earned that money, fair and square,” Kierra said, with a hitch of her voice. Monica’s hands smoothed up her stomach to cup her breasts.

“Besides, I would hope,” Monica said, circling Kierra’s nipples with her thumbs, “that if you were going to rob us blind you’d at least get a new car out of it.”

“My car is fine,” Kierra said.

Monica crawled over her and sank against her slowly. When they were face to face and breast to breast, Monica’s thigh between Kierra’s legs, she smiled. “Your car is almost as old as you,” she said and kissed her.

Kierra could have buried herself in that kiss. The gentle stroke of their tongues together, the soft pressure of Monica’s lips, the scrape of Monica’s teeth every now and then. She cupped Monica’s face and tried to deepen the kiss, but Monica pulled back. She moved her hand to caress Kierra’s bottom lip.

“Are you okay?” Monica whispered.

“I’m fine,” Kierra breathed. “This was hardly even a mission at all.”

“Maybe. But we can’t keep taking you into the field. And technically, when you pass your exam you won’t be able to abandon Command to come with us as much as you do.”

Kierra frowned. “Well, we’re just going to have to find a loophole. You two aren’t going to run around the world while I stay home to file your paperwork and bake cookies.”

Monica’s eyebrows rose. “Can you bake? Can you cook?”

“Of course not. But that’s not the point,” Kierra said.

“We could hire another personal assistant to replace you,” Monica said. She dropped her eyes and watched as her index finger dipped into the adorable indentation on the tip of Kierra’s chin.

Kierra pushed Monica off of her onto her back and straddled her hips. Monica stared up at her, amusement lighting her eyes. “I let you get away with a lot of shit-”

“You let me?”

“But if you ever mention getting another PA to me again, you won’t get a good night’s sleep for the rest of your life.”

“Are you threatening me?” Monica laughed.

“I sure as fuck am.”

“I’m an actual deadly weapon,” Monica said, running her hands up Kierra’s thighs.

Kierra grabbed Monica’s hands and pressed them into the bed over her head. She ground her pussy against Monica’s. “Yes you are,” Kierra said. She leaned down, hovering her face over Monica’s. “And just how long would you last, Ms. Actual Fucking Weapon, if I told you that you couldn’t touch or taste me again?”

Monica tilted her head to the side and smiled up at Kierra. “Only me?”

Kierra licked her lips, “Only you. But I would let Lane do whatever he wanted with me.”

Monica moved her head quickly and Kierra moved away just as fast, dodging her kiss. She released Monica’s hands. Monica grabbed her waist and pulled her close, latching her mouth onto Kierra’s neck, licking and sucking.

Kierra laughed, moaned and shimmied out of Monica’s grasp. She tried to dart up the bed but Monica turned and grabbed her left ankle, pulling her back, flipping her over. Monica grabbed both of Kierra’s ankles and wrapped them around her waist, covering Kierra’s body.

“How long would you last?” Kierra asked around a laugh.

“We don’t need another PA,” Monica said against Kierra’s lips before pushing her tongue inside.

“I thought so,” Kierra mumbled around their kiss. “Now fuck me, please.”

“Don’t you want to wait for Lane and Carlisle?”

Kierra wrapped her arms around Monica’s neck. “I don’t know how to tell you this, but I have lots of energy.”

“So I’ve heard,” Lane said from the doorway. They turned to him. “Oh, don’t mind me. Keep doing what you’re doing. Please.”

“Please,” Kierra whimpered into Monica’s ear.

***



Mason’s training said that he should get out of Edinburgh as soon as possible. Now that they’d gotten their target and especially because so many people had seen his face at the party, he should be on the move. Now. But he wasn’t moving, at least not in the right direction. He was sitting in the back of a cab with Lane, heading to the other man’s hotel. He could almost hear Tiya’s voice in his head as she’d signed off every episode of Bawdy Boudoir for over a year.

Spend a little time outside of your bubble today, lovers. You deserve it.

He’d been wondering about his bubble for a long while. Ever since the first time he’d laid eyes on Tiya and had to resist the intense urge he felt to go talk to her, because he had been on a mission and couldn’t jeopardize his cover. Maybe it was the accumulated influence of Tiya’s podcast or his growing desire for her even though he could never fulfill it. Or maybe it was the heady feeling of being just on the margin of Lane, Monica and Kierra. Their bubble seemed much more expansive than his. They jumped wholly into every moment in a way Mason couldn’t or wouldn’t; he wasn’t sure which. They made him wonder if his bubble was only as small as he’d made it. They made him wonder if Tiya was really so far out of his reach.

They made him wonder. And that in and of itself was new and possibly dangerous.

Lane unlocked the hotel room door and walked straight to the bedroom.

Mason could hear soft whispers as Lane pushed the bedroom door open.

“Oh, don’t mind me. Keep doing what you’re doing. Please.”

“Are you alone?” He recognized Monica’s voice even though it sounded slightly different; deeper and husky. Full of lust.

Lane stepped further into the room and Mason replaced him in the door frame.

Monica’s body was covering Kierra’s. Kierra smiled at him. Monica simply took him in. Mason decided not to take that personally, since he’d observed over the course of the day that Monica didn’t smile genuinely at anyone besides Kierra.

“Does this mean you’ve come to play with us?” Kierra asked.

Lane groaned. Mason turned to him and was shocked to see that he was nearly half-undressed. He laughed when they made eye contact. “I don’t know how y'all celebrate in black ops. But this works for us.” His hands moved to his belt buckle and he raised his eyebrows.

“Yes,” Mason croaked.

“Yes what?” Monica demanded. Kierra groaned.

“Yes I-” he turned his gaze back to the bed and swallowed. “Yes, I came to play. Jesus, how do people handle the three of you?”

“You’re the first actually,” Lane said, his hands gripping him behind the neck and patting his chest. He’d been so entranced by Monica’s hard stare that he hadn’t even noticed the man walk toward him.

Monica and Kierra crawled up to the head of the bed, Kierra between Monica’s spread legs. Kierra smiled as she watched both men undress while Monica ran her hands and her mouth over Kierra’s shoulders.

“Condoms?” Mason asked. Kierra moved to the bedside table and pulled out a fresh box.

“We got these just for you,” she said, as if it was the most romantic gesture. And it was. Knowing that they had thought about him made something pulse in his chest. How long had it been since someone had thought about him like that? Did Tiya think of him?

Kierra lifted onto her knees and extended a hand to him. “Come here?”

Mason joined them on the bed. Kierra laid him down next to Monica and Lane crawled behind Kierra.

“We won’t do anything you don’t want,” Monica said. “And you can stop anytime.”

Mason nodded. They waited in the silent, darkened room. The heat from their bodies comforted him even as he realized that he had no idea what to do next. When had he become this person; so unsure of genuine human interaction?

Eventually, Kierra barged right into the silence, willing to take control; something he guessed was her role in their day-to-day relationship as well. “Can we touch you?” She whispered.

Lane smiled and brushed his mouth against her shoulder.

Mason gulped and nodded, “Yes.”

She turned to Lane and grabbed his left hand, resting on her left hip. The question she asked him was silent, and he answered by pressing his mouth to hers as he let her move his hand to Mason’s half-hard dick.

Mason hissed and they all turned to him. “Sorry, I just…” He didn’t finish the sentence, too ashamed to admit that it had been so long since someone else had touched him that it was a shock.

Kierra smiled kindly down at him. “It’s okay,” she said as her and Lane’s hands stroked him slowly to life. “Does that feel good?”

He nodded.

“Don’t mind Kierra,” Monica said as she resettled herself onto her side, facing him. “She likes to talk during sex. A lot.” Mason saw Lane’s other hand reach out and grasp her thigh.

“And don’t mind Monica,” Kierra said. “She’s just mad because I’m directing the show right now.”

Monica raised an eyebrow at Mason. She reached out, pulling Kierra down on top of her. “You’re so mouthy to me tonight.”

Kierra giggled and crawled on top of Monica, “How wet are you about it? Oh no wait, don’t tell me. I’ll find out for myself.”

Mason watched Kierra slither down Monica’s body, kissing and licking at her skin before settling between her legs. He moaned as Lane added a wet hand to his dick.

Lane smiled up at him. “Do you want my mouth?” Monica and Kierra both moaned at his words and the way Kierra was rubbing the pads of her fingers along Monica’s sex.

“Yes,” Mason hissed. His back bowed as Lane squeezed him. He wouldn’t last long.

“There’s another box of flavored condoms in the drawer if you want. Maya and Kenny approved,” Kierra offered helpfully before lowering her mouth to Monica’s sex. Monica’s back arched from the bed and her eyes closed as she swallowed back her moan. Mason turned to Lane, who was already reaching for the bedside table.

“Maya’s got an encyclopedic knowledge of the best-tasting condoms actually,” he said and ripped the box open. Soon enough the room filled with the sound of Lane and Kierra’s mouths on Mason and Monica’s bodies.

If Mason was overcome at Lane and Kierra’s hands on him after so long without touch, he came completely apart when he added his mouth. A strong grip and stroke, lots of tongue and saliva and an insistent suction brought him to orgasm so quickly he was almost embarrassed. But when the lights stopped popping behind his eyelids and the room focused again, he realized that there was no reason to be embarrassed. Lane’s smile was filthy and his erection was standing at attention as he raised onto his knees. He patted Mason on his stomach. Mason jumped; his body was so sensitive.

“Rest up,” he said, as he moved behind Kierra and slipped his dick inside of her. She moaned.

Monica was pinching her nipples hard and she laughed, “Not so mouthy now, are you?”

Mason stroked himself slowly as Kierra lowered her mouth; a wicked gleam in her eyes. Monica hissed. Mason had to lift onto his side to see Kierra’s fingers sawing into Monica, punishing her as she glared up her body. And Monica glared back.

Their exchange made Mason want to laugh. Lane shrugged at him as he moved slowly in and out of Kierra. Apparently this was a normal occurrence for them. Mason felt overcome by the warmth of their sex. The gentle way they touched each other exactly as the other person liked. Kierra’s fingers and mouth on Monica, making the normally stoic and silent woman come apart, moans falling from her lips, her cries getting louder and louder. And Lane’s deep strokes, his fingers digging into Kierra’s waist as the two of them tried to stave off their own orgasms to draw out the moment. Waiting, Mason finally realized, until Monica arched up, pulling Kierra’s face to hers and kissing her deeply as she came on her fingers.

Mason was hard again, stroking himself faster as Kierra called out her own orgasm into Monica’s mouth and Lane followed them all, shouting out his release as Monica stroked his cheek lovingly.

“Fuck,” Mason ground out, falling onto his back, shocked as his dick emptied over his stomach and hand. “Oh fuck,” he breathed, chest heaving. “I haven’t come twice in one night in so long.”

Lane laughed. “Happy we could help,” he said as he collapsed onto the bed.

“How long since you’ve come three times?” Kierra asked, smiling down at him.

Mason’s mouth fell open.

“Let him come down, sweet girl,” Monica whispered to Kierra, turning her face to capture her lips.

***

Every week Tiya solicited stories under the theme “new experiences” and her listeners sent in stories, some real, some fiction. Mason usually avoided this theme because it had been so long since he’d had any new experiences that didn’t involve bulletproof vests or end in the screech of wheels on a high-stakes extraction.

But this was absolutely a new experience.

He was bent over the foot of the bed, one of Lane’s hands rubbing his back and shoulders, soothing him, as the other guided his latex-covered dick into his ass, slowly and with lots of lube. But he’d sent a story like this in once about a study trip abroad to Greece from college – back when life was simpler and normal. So that part wasn’t entirely new.

The new experience was watching Kierra lower herself onto Monica’s strap-on, a dirty smile on her face and her eyes on Mason. She waited for Lane to begin moving in and out of him to start moving herself. Mason watched as she tried to match Lane’s pace and it was too much. Monica’s hands snaked around Kierra’s body to massage her breasts, pinching and rolling her nipples as she lazily watched Mason and Lane over Kierra’s shoulder.

“How does he feel?” Monica asked.

Lane’s only reply was a wild grunt as his hips moved faster. Monica moved one of her hands down Kierra’s stomach to the crest of her thighs. Kierra’s head fell back as she came with a shout. Her hips never stopped moving.

Mason wanted to taste her and he moved unexpectedly away from Lane, crawling up the bed until he was in front of her.

Lane laughed and the bed shifted as he followed.

He locked eyes with Monica, “May I?”

She licked up Kierra’s neck and whispered into her ear.

“Yes, oh god, fuck yes,” Kierra screamed.

Mason moved his mouth to Kierra’s free nipple and sucked it into his mouth as Lane entered him again slowly. He moaned around Kierra’s breast and her own cries became keening wails.

“Touch yourself,” Monica commanded.

Mason didn’t have to look at her to know that she was talking to him. And he was grateful to her as his own hand closed around his leaking erection.

Lane fell over his back and whispered into his ear, “She likes a bit of teeth sometimes.” So he scraped his teeth along Kierra’s nipples. She shuddered and moaned.

She lifted her head and grabbed at his face, pulling it from her breast. She kissed him, deep and desperate and hungry, as Lane and Monica continued to fuck them into oblivion. The kiss devolved into moans and cries and tongues and teeth until they were holding one another’s sweat-slicked bodies, panting and shivering and begging for more.

The sounds of orgasms rising around him and his own approaching release should have been the focal point of his entire world. But it wasn’t.

Just as his balls pulled close to his body, he thought of her, her voice invading his brain.

“Think of me, lovers.”

He did think of Tiya Randall. He imagined her in her studio, in headphones recording her podcast. He imagined her hunched on a bus heading to work, her face buried in a book. And he conjured his favorite surveillance image of her walking down the street with her best friend, laughing, just as he shot one more load all over the bed. Of course he thought of Tiya. And that was the problem.

***

Kierra didn’t fall asleep so much as pass out from the best kind of exhaustion. That easy gray moment after she had finally expended all of the adrenaline running through her veins after time in the field was the best part of her day. She slept deeply and peacefully; dead to the world for hours after. But not tonight.

Tonight Kierra woke with a start to faint popping sounds in the distance. She bolted straight up in bed, her chest heaving and her eyes slowly adjusting to the dark room. She looked around the bed. Monica was asleep on one side of her and Lane on the other. She frowned. Apparently Carlisle had left like a thief in the night. She heard the popping again and crawled out of bed. She was shocked when she pulled the curtain aside and saw fireworks. She’d completely forgotten that it was New Year’s Eve. Well, New Year’s Day now.

“It’s just fireworks,” Lane mumbled from the bed.

“I know,” she said. “I can’t believe it’s a new year though.”

Lane pushed the sheet off his body. He walked across the room toward her. “Is that a bad thing?” He asked, wrapping his warm, naked body around hers. They stared out at the fireworks.

It was one of the least sexual hugs he’d ever given her. It reminded her of why she’d quickly become so infatuated with him and why she assumed Monica had fallen for him as well. Lane was warm and open and never missed a moment to reassure the people around him that they were not alone. She leaned into his embrace.

“It’s not a bad thing. I just can’t believe how quickly this year passed. How much has changed.”

She didn’t need to explain the changes she meant.

“What did you do last New Year’s Eve?” He whispered into her hair.

She smiled, “Maya and I bought tickets to a party at this club. We bought new dresses and shoes. Our makeup was immaculate.”

“Did you have fun?” Monica asked groggily from the bed.

Kierra turned toward her. All she could see was her silhouette, her head propped on her arm. “No,” Kierra laughed. “The line to get in was so long that Maya put her flats on before we even got to the door. The drinks were overpriced and watered down. And the stench of cologne was so thick I got a headache. We were home in our pajamas on the couch with wine way before the ball dropped.”

Lane squeezed her to him.

“What did you two do?” She felt Lane’s chuckle before she heard it.

“Oh, nothing much,” he whispered.

“We were in Nicaragua tracking down a CEO who’d raided his employees’ pensions and fled a conviction for insider trading,” Monica added.

“That sounds more exciting than my night,” Kierra said.

“It was,” Lane replied. “But we missed you.”

“We’d have rather been on that couch with you,” Monica said.

Kierra didn’t want to cry. It seemed so ridiculous to do that. But her eyes filled with tears before she could stop it. She nodded absently, a loud explosion of sparklers catching her eye. She turned back to the window and smiled through her happy tears.

“Next time,” she said, pulling Lane’s arms tighter around her. “Next year we’ll be very low-key and boring. Together.”





epilogue

Tiya Randall opened her eyes and enjoyed the soft fuzzy look of her bedroom first thing in the morning. She always loved the gray of not-quite sunrise. Everything felt dreamlike and her poor eyesight only added to the illusion. She put off cramming her glasses onto her face until she absolutely had to get out of bed. Those blurry moments of almost awake were usually the best of her day. Before she had to check her email, trudge into work and pretend as if her boss’s barking orders at the staff was perfectly normal. Before she had to hide in an empty cubicle at the back of the office to eat her lunch in peace. Before she had to wade through the early evening rush on public transportation, avoiding the lecherous men staring at her, the teenagers looking for any opportunity to assert their dominance over… the world, and old ladies with grocery carts. And before she had to scarf down her dinner before her second favorite part of the day. The moment when she could shut the door on her small second bedroom and record the latest segment of her weekly podcast, Bawdy Boudoir.

She would have complained about her landlord calling it a second bedroom except a carefully worded verbal threat about reporting her to the Housing Authority had gotten Tiya a rent reduction that made the apartment just inside her budget. She’d had to give up the idea of having a roommate, but she’d quickly recognized that her spare room could be the perfect space for recording her podcast. The podcast that all of her friends dismissed as a strange hobby and technically cost her more money than it made, but was her actual dream job.

The email notification on her phone chimed. She groaned and turned over in bed. It was her mother. She just knew it. She could feel it in her bones. Her mother loved to send emails to her only daughter first thing in the morning with a roundup of her favorite online conspiracy theories about aliens, new deals on subscriptions to online dating apps and a rundown of her latest dream premonitions of when and where Tiya would meet her future husband. Her mother was well-meaning and undeterred; just because none of her dreams had ever come true didn’t mean that one wouldn’t.

Tiya closed her eyes and prayed for patience as she groped on the other side of the bed for her cell phone. She pulled it toward her, forgetting that it was plugged into the charger on the wall. She raised the phone and the charging cord above her face and squinted with her stronger eye, trying to read the email.

The email wasn’t from her mother.

Tiya dropped the phone onto her bed and sat up excitedly. She snatched her glasses from her nightstand and shoved them onto her face. She turned on the bedside lamp and laid back down, grabbing her phone again.

The email was from him.

Tiya had just started Bawdy Boudoir when she got the first email from Jarhead. At the time, her listeners were still in the single digits and she knew all of them in real life. So finding out that someone who didn’t know her personally – or remember what she’d looked like with braces – was listening had made her ecstatic. The letter had made her wet. Just like every letter he’d sent her. Her thighs clenched in anticipation.

Dear Love-

I’ve been thinking about you. I know I write that every time. I mean it every time. But this email is different. Normally, when I think of you, I’m alone. Naked. Sometimes wet. Always hard.

Tiya moaned and slipped her hand under her covers into her underwear.

Do you think about me? Are you wet?

She was.

But this time when I thought about you I wasn’t alone.

Tiya swallowed the irrational feeling of jealousy. She didn’t even know what he looked like, his real name or how he liked his coffee. She didn’t have a right to be jealous. And yet she was.

You might not believe this but I’ve never had a very active sex life. A few girlfriends.

A date every now and then. A quick hookup in a bar. Always me and someone else.

Tiya inhaled sharply, guessing where this could go. Her fingers circled her clit lazily.

But like I said, this time was different. I was at a work engagement when I met a man.

Nice eyes. Great smile. Thick dick.

“Holy shit,” Tiya breathed as she slipped two fingers into her clenching sex.

Anyway, this man and I were working on a project together. It was all very boring office stuff. But when it was over…

Tiya moaned again. He always had the best ellipses.

He and I met up with some other colleagues for a celebratory drink that turned into more. This time it wasn’t just me and someone else. It was me… and him… and her… and… her.

“Oh my god,” Tiya groaned as she pumped her fingers into her pussy faster. Her legs fell open.

It was the best night of my life in some ways. All that skin and wet flesh and teeth and tongues and those moans and cries and brief, delicious flashes of pain as he fucked me.

Tiya thought she should slow down. She was so close and didn’t want to come before the story was over. But she couldn’t stop herself. Couldn’t stop imagining his words. Couldn’t stop imagining the face she always gave him and conjuring the scene he painted in her head. Wishing that she’d been there. Always wishing that this were real.

It was amazing. But all I could think about was you. What if you were there? How would you taste on my tongue? How would you feel around my dick? What would my name sound like on your lips?

Tiya dropped her phone and came in a wet gush around her fingers, her jaw clenched, her hips locking, her back arching and her free hand clutching her bedsheets. She closed her eyes and panted through her orgasm as the soft gray of the almost sunrise became the yellowy light of morning. When her breathing had slowed she grabbed her phone again.

Maybe one day we’ll meet. Maybe one day I’ll know the answer to these questions and a million others. Or maybe this is all we’ll ever have. It’s worth it to have even just this with you.

P.S.

This story was for us, not the podcast. I hope you have a great day. Think of me when you touch yourself.

“Every time, lover,” she whispered to her empty room. “Every time.” Eventually Tiya pulled her hand from her underwear, crawled out of bed and padded to the shower to start her day. A bright smile on her face. If only every day started so well.





Hi y'all!

I had the idea to write a couple of holiday shorts last fall in the middle of a really rough semester at the tail end of a really odd year that had as many ups as downs. Last year was better than 2017 in some ways and worse in others and I think these two stories were about helping me process some of that.

What I realized while writing NEW YEAR, NEW WE and HER CHRISTMAS COOKIE is that I don’t think I understand how to celebrate holidays! lol I’m a shy, introverted hermit in real life and large gatherings (hell, even small gatherings) can stress me out. Holidays mostly just mean that I have time to catch up on sleep, avoid my email and annoy my cats. So I don’t think that I achieved maximum holiday feels with either of these stories.

Because the holidays are purposefully quiet, I tend to think of them as great moments to reflect on yourself and your relationships, cherish where you are and admire how far you’ve come. And this story was about that. The end of the year doesn’t have to be about creating a new you. This year I set an intention to become comfortable with who and where I am and where the road I’m traveling will take me. That’s what inspired NEW YEAR, NEW WE and to a certain degree HER CHRISTMAS COOKIE.

Alright, I’m terrible at the sentimental stuff. All of this is to say that I hope you all are well and that you enjoyed this short, steamy interlude, watching Kierra, Monica and Lane settle into their relationship, which might sometimes include other people and dangerous missions and new job titles and responsibilities, but at the heart of it all is the bond between the three of them.

If you enjoyed this book, I hope you’ll consider telling a friend and leaving a review on Amazon and Goodreads. And if you love the spies like I clearly did last year, you’ll be happy to know that my next two releases are all in this world. I adored Kenny and Maya in PRIVATE EYE, so I decided to write another holiday short (someone stop me), called HIS ONLY VALENTINE. Look out for that in February. And in March look out for BANG & BURN, the mission within a mission from PRIVATE EYE, where you get to meet Lamont, a down-on-his-luck ATF officer; an undercover spy; some moles (the human kind); and Caleb, the other hacker of my heart. And if you liked Carlisle and Tiya (or want to know wtf is going on there), don’t worry. We’ll see Carlisle again in later books before he and Tiya finally crash into each other in MUSIC BOX, coming eventually. If you want to know all the things I’m planning for this series, head on over to my twitter @katrinajax and look at the fever dream of a thread that I can’t stop adding to with pretty pictures of face claims and covers I’ve made while drinking too much coffee and avoiding my day job.

-k





Other books by

Katrina Jackson


Welcome to Sea Port

From Scratch

Inheritance

Small Town Secrets

Her Christmas Cookie


The Spies Who Loved Her

Pink Slip

Private Eye


Erotic Accommodations

Room for Three?


standalone stories

Encore

Layover





