The Best Thing He Never Knew He Needed

(The Champion Brothers)





Tina Martin





Copyright © 2015 Tina Martin

Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, photocopying and recording, without prior written consent of the author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, businesses and products are used fictitiously. Any similarity to actual events is entirely coincidental.





~

For the loyal, faithful, honest, hard-working men who are already champions in everyday life.





To my readers who have been waiting patiently for Desmond’s story, this one is for you.





Enjoy!





~





THE BEST THING HE NEVER KNEW HE NEEDED





CHAPTER 1





He saw her the moment she walked out of Emily’s Boutique.

Desmond was parked covertly across the street, in front of a sandwich shop there, in his black-on-black, Mercedes-Benz, G-Class wearing a black suit, black Cartier sunglasses and black, leather Balenciaga shoes – all black everything – looking like an amateur private investigator when he saw her, the unbelievably beautiful woman he dubbed as his weakness, strutting to the coffee shop next door. Her long, curly hair bounced around her face like she was surrounded by a flock of ravens, and her glistening legs appeared to be smoother than his designer, silk necktie. Smoother than the shot of Grey Goose he had after a rough day at the office last night.

While he sat there staring her down without her knowledge, in pure, unabashed stalker mode, he wished he had a pair of binoculars to get a closer view of her. He grinned, feeling silly for thinking such a thing, like binoculars would’ve calmed his sudden urge to see more of her. No way. Only being up close and in-your-face personal would give him that satisfaction. He’d avoided her long enough. Now it was time to turn up his Champion charm and lay it on thick for her. Sherita Wilkins. His kryptonite.

He evaded her for nearly a year, eleven months to be exact, and the last time he’d spoken to her was at Dimitrius’ family cookout. With the eyes of a hawk, he’d watched her every move, studied how she mingled with the guests, and since she was friends with Dante’s wife, Emily, and Dimitrius’ wife, Melanie, she fit in perfectly with the family already.

Desmond stepped out of the jeep, smoothing out his tailored Tom Ford suit with his hands. He wore it with a gray shirt and checkered gray and black tie. Not only was he a man who could spot a gorgeous woman from a mile away, he was a guy who had impeccable style. But he didn’t dress to impress. He didn’t wear those thousand-dollar suits, shoes and neckties to pick up ladies. Truth be told, he could do that with his swag alone, even while wearing something as basic as a pair of jeans and a T-shirt. He dressed sharp because he was a business man and by definition, about his business. At the moment, Sherita Wilkins was his business, and she was about to get an unexpected visit.

Feeling as confident as he always felt, he sauntered across the street while relaxing his hands in his pockets, smelling her scent, that same hypnotizing fragrance she always wore, float into his nostrils, sending his nerves in overdrive. He’d never smelled anything close to it on another woman.

When he neared the entrance of the coffee shop, he pulled the sunglasses from his eyes, slid them in the upper left pocket of his suit jacket and reached for the door. Upon pulling it open, he saw her, standing at the back of the line. He wasted no time getting in the line behind her.

While he stood there, he quietly admired her up close. He’d never been this close to her before, by choice. Now he would take the opportunity to take her all in. By choice. Beginning with her hair, he observed how healthy and thick it was – as black as onyx – hanging down her back. She had on a flimsy pink, knee-length summer dress with a pair of gold sandals that matched her gold hoop earrings as well as the gold bangles clanking on her dainty wrist. And her perfume – goodness that perfume – she smelled like lemon mixed with fresh gardenias and ripened cherry blossoms. Her moisturized skin glowed like a sun ray piercing through a dense cloud. She was a sun ray – every time he saw her his face lit up, only she had no idea what kind of affect she had on him.

Desmond pulled in another a deep breath of her fragrance (along with the smell of freshly ground coffee beans) before noticing the giggly women sitting at a table nearby. He glanced over at them, watching them look his way. Just to be cordial, he said, “Good morning, ladies.”

“Good morning,” they replied.

He smirked. This was the norm for him. Back in the day, women weren’t so forthcoming when it came to dating and approaching a man. They waited for the guy to make the first move. But everywhere he went, women stared at him like he was the meal they’d missed that day or the water they needed to quench a two-day-old thirst. Not a problem for him – he knew how to handle women, especially those kinds. The hungry, thirsty ones. The ones who went after him because he was handsome, or the ones who knew he had a bank roll. Nothing irritated him more than those type of women and nothing, absolutely, positively nothing was appealing about a woman who threw herself at a man. Nothing at all.

He’d never allow himself to be chased by a woman. No way. Not under any circumstances. He chased what he wanted. And what did he want? The answer was simple. He wanted what every man who thought he was the best thing smoking wanted. He wanted the woman he couldn’t have. The woman who played hard to get. He wanted the kind of woman who pretended not to be attracted to him when he knew otherwise. The kind of woman who seemed unimpressed with his success. The kind of woman who could pretend she didn’t know he was standing directly behind her in line at a coffee shop.

A mischievous smile curled into one corner of his mouth. More than once he’d thought about reaching out and grabbing Sherita somehow, just to get under her skin. He’d grip her arm, maybe, or grab a fist full of that luscious hair he’d been dying to touch. She had to have known he was standing behind her. Watching her. Yet, she didn’t make any attempts to turn around to speak. Was she ignoring him intentionally?

He would admit to avoiding her for a year, true enough, but she evaded him just the same. Even now, she was doing a superb job of acting like she hadn’t smelled the Polo Black he was wearing or felt him towering over her. She didn’t have to be friends with him to be cordial, and he didn’t have to be friends with her. They virtually ran in the same circles – well, only when they weren’t avoiding each other.

When Sherita took a step up, he followed, standing so close to her, it looked like they were together, not as a couple, but literally together. Joined at the hips. Sharing the same organs.

Desmond smiled. Had he ever enjoyed aggravating a woman this much? While he stood there, deliberately irritating her, the smirk on his face grew almost bigger than his ego. If Sherita thought she would avoid him, she had another think coming. Desmond Champion, millionaire marketing executive extraordinaire, didn’t get sidestepped by anyone.

He heard her release a frustrated breath. Finally, he thought. He was beginning to think that maybe she really didn’t know he was standing behind her. The fact that she did know, and was irritated by it, made him inch a little closer. Smirk a little harder. If only he could see her face. He was certain she’d been rolling her eyes in utter irritation. Pouting her lips. Trying to disguise her reddened cheeks. Hissing some angry words under her breath to relieve vexation.

“If you get any closer, we’ll have to exchange insurance information,” Sherita finally snapped. She didn’t turn around. She didn’t have to. She knew who it was all along who had been stealing her body heat. She knew his smell, and she recognized the flutters in her stomach that only he’d been able to put there. Of all the men she’d met, none of them had overwhelmed her senses like Desmond Champion had.

“Will that information include your phone number?” he asked. Then, leaning down close to her ear, he continued, “If so, buckle your seatbelt, baby, because you’re about to get rear-ended.”

“And you’re about to get slapped.”

“Any contact is better than none at all,” he said, paying particular interest to the vein that seemed to bulge out of her neck when she was mad. He had a longing to kiss her there. “Hit me with your best shot, princess.”

Sherita rolled her eyes. “I’m not your princess.”

“You could be.”

She grinned. “Impossible. That would imply that you’re a prince, which can’t be true because there’s nothing royal or chivalrous about you.”

Leaning so close to her neck that he could feel the heat of her body touch his lips, he whispered, “You want to find out?”

She froze when she felt his breath massage and tickle the side of her neck. He just had to be arrogant, annoying and fine all at the same time, didn’t he? And why was he standing so close to her now when, before, he’d been avoiding her like she had traveled to an Ebola hot zone? There had been several times he opted not to show up somewhere because he knew she was there or knew she would be there.

Last Friday for instance – Sherita was at Dante and Emily’s place adoring their handsome, six-month-old little boy, named Ezra. Dimitrius and Melanie came over with their five-month-old, chubby-cheeked, angel of a daughter, named Grace. The brothers were getting ready to play a game of pool, something they typically did on Friday nights, and guess who didn’t show up? Desmond. Sherita later learned that Desmond had called Dante just to find out if she was there and when Dante confirmed she was, Desmond didn’t bother coming by.

His brothers thought it was bizarre. They’d never seen Desmond blatantly avoid a woman the way he was steering clear of her. Now he was standing behind her like they were making up for lost time, or as he put it, like she was about to get rear-ended.

He hadn’t touched her, and he could feel how tense she was now. Since he was on a roll, he figured he’d continue pushing her buttons. “So, how have things been going, Ms. Destination Wedding Photographer?”

A better question is, why are you talking to me? “Good,” she answered through clenched teeth, keeping her answer short. When the line advanced, she took a step forward.

So did he. “Traveled anywhere exotic lately?” he asked.

The warmness of his breath against the side of her face nearly made her lose her voice. Still, she remained strong, stuck to her short-answer strategy and responded, “No.”

He flashed a lopsided grin. She wanted to play the one-word answer game, like he couldn’t get her riled up enough to talk to him. He could, and he could do it very well. “We should get together sometime to discuss the dynamics behind this career choice of yours.”

Her forehead creased, but she still refused to turn around to face him. “Yeah, we should…when the sky actually begins falling, and we all believe Chicken Little had been right all along.”

Desmond erupted in laughter.

That irritated her even more. She poked her tongue into her cheek and inhaled a long, agitated breath while feeling her face tighten.

Nearing the end of his laugh, Desmond said, “Never knew you had a funny side, Sherita. I like it.”

She mumbled more frustrations to herself and when it was her turn to order, she stepped up to the counter. Finally, she had some breathing room. “Umm, hi…let me get a small—”

“The lady will have a small decaf, two Splendas, two-percent milk, no cream and a dash of cinnamon.” Yes, he was rude by cutting her off, by boldly walking right up to the counter next to her, but did he care? Not at all.

Sherita opened her mouth to say something while turning to the right to look at him, connecting her eyes to his penetrating, hazel gaze for the first time in a long time. The sight of him nearly made her knees buckle. Made her heart race. Her breath catch. She couldn’t explain her attraction to him and not only did that anger her, it confused her. Granted he was a good-looking man, but he was conceited – a quality she’d never found appealing.

She turned away from him when she realized she’d temporarily lost the ability to speak. After not seeing him for months, she’d been reminded of just how dreamy the man was. He was dressed sharp in an expensive suit that accentuated the broadness of his shoulders and his sense of style. And he was well-built, just like his brothers, but there was something uniquely different about this hazel-eyed, so-fine-he’d-make-you-stutter, Champion brother. Something exquisitely different.

Maybe since he was the youngest, his gorgeous features were readily noticeable. His caramel-colored skin looked as creamy as the inside of a Milky Way candy bar. His black hair was cut close in a fade, lined up to perfection and his deep jawline was as solid as a rock, seemingly chiseled to show the unique bone structure of his handsome face. Many features added to his gorgeousness: his stately, straight nose, the mustache above his slender lips, the sprinkling of hair on his chin, the thick eyebrows and long eye lashes curtaining his alluring eyes – Desmond Champion was one breathtaking, attractive man.

And he was intelligent. From what she’d learned from Emily, Desmond ran the marketing side of the business for The Champion Corporation. Anyone who knew anything about a business knew that marketing could make or break a company. Since The Champion Corporation posted a hefty, million-dollar profit last year and was on track to triple that this year, Desmond was definitely skilled at what he did for a living.

But looks and intelligence weren’t everything, especially when he had a bad reputation that preceded him. There had been women who thought they could change his player ways – who thought they had what it took to make him settle down only to be left heartbroken when he ended things. He always ended things. He’d chase, pursue, enjoyed his spoils and then, when the time came, he released the woman back into the wild, emotionally damaged. That’s the way he was, and he was downright cold with it. Heartless. Women cried over him, pleaded with him all for nothing. Seemed the sight of a woman heartbroken and in tears had no effect on him. And he was the cause of the sadness…

“Did I get it right?”

She turned to look at him again. Heart thudding. Staring. Still, no words could escape through her lips.

“Well?”

Are you for real? She thought it, but she couldn’t say it as she studied him, trying to figure him out. They were garnering an audience, no fault of hers. She heard the sighs and jeers from people in line behind them wondering what the hold-up was all about.

“By your incredulous stare, I take it you’re impressed,” he said.

Her eyes narrowed. “You’re holding up the line.”

Desmond turned around, met frustrated faces but remained unfazed. Looking at Sherita again, he asked, “Are you impressed?”

“By what?”

“The fact that I know you well enough to know how you like your coffee, princess.”

If her eyes narrowed any further, they’d be closed. “No, I’m not impressed. Not at all.”

His mouth slowly curved into a smile. “You should be?”

Lifting a single brow, Sherita said, “Excuse me?”

There. That’s what he wanted. To see her pout those opulent, sumptuous-looking lips. He didn’t bother taking his eyes away from them when he asked, “How many other men could walk in here and order your perfect cup of coffee?”

“None, and I don’t need you placing my order for me.”

“I know. That’s why I did it,” he responded, then flashed an amazing, bright white smile. And he had the gall to wink. Returning his attention to the cashier, he said, “I would like a caramel macchiato and a blueberry, lemon-cream scone. Would you like a scone, Sherita? I know you usually don’t order anything to eat, but the scones are delicious here….helps me tame my cravings.”

She squinted in utter frustration. Who did he think he was, hijacking her order and then almost insisting she order a scone? A freakin’ scone. Seriously? For the sake of getting out of the coffee shop and not holding up the line, Sherita withheld anger from her voice and replied, “No, I do not want a scone. Coffee is fine. I want a small cup of coffee and nothing more.”

“Your loss.”

Sherita gritted her teeth in sheer aggravation.

“Okay, your total is fifteen dollars and twenty cents,” the cashier said.

Desmond reached in the back pocket of his pants, removed his leather wallet and pulled out a hundred-dollar bill. Holding it up in the air, he turned around, looking at the customers behind him and said, “Coffee is on me this morning since I held up the line.”

They clapped, cheered and he even heard a few thank yous. And all was right with the world again – well at least with the once angry customers. Sherita on the other hand…

He handed the money to the cashier, exposing a crystal-studded letter ‘C’ cuff link in the process, then stepped off to the side to stand next to Sherita.

Waiting for their orders now, Sherita kept her arms crossed underneath her breasts while avoiding the flame of Desmond’s gaze against the side of her face. She tried her best not to react when she saw him inch closer to her, but already she could feel sweat forming in her palms and the way her throat had become dry. Please don’t say anything to me. Please don’t say anything to me. And then…

“Is Emily working today?” he asked, sliding his hands in the pockets of his pants. He was keenly aware she didn’t want to talk to him, but that was her problem. Not his.

She glanced at him. “She’s working a few hours and leaving early.”

“Right, so she can get ready for the concert. Dante and Dimitrius have been talking about it all week. I think they both need baby breaks.”

Sherita nodded just barely. Come on with the coffee so I can get out of here…

“So what time are you getting over there?”

She frowned. “Over where?”

“To Dante’s house this evening.”

Her frown deepened. “How did you know I was going there?”

“How do you think I know, Sherita? Your girlfriends are married to my brothers.”

Sherita heard the barista read off her coffee order, watching him place a cup of coffee on the counter. He called out Desmond’s order immediately after hers.

Nearly snatching her cup from the counter, she wasted no time heading for the door.

Desmond was right on her heels.

She pushed the door open.

Desmond caught the door before it closed in his face, then exited behind her.

“What time are you getting over there?” he asked again, watching her dress sway as she walked away from him.

“What’s it to you, Desmond? Why do you care what time I’m going to be at Dante’s house?” she shouted, without missing a step towards the boutique.

“So I can arrive at about the same time.”

Sherita stopped dead in her tracks. She turned around to look at him and asked, “What?”

He took a sip of the macchiato, watching her stare back at him. Since she had walked a few feet away, he took slow, deliberate steps towards her. He was enjoying this way too much. “Oh, you didn’t know I was going to be there? Thought for sure you would have known about it since it was Emily’s idea. She said you could use some help with the babies, and since I happen to be free tonight, I accepted the challenge.” He took a huge, greedy bite of the scone, nearly stuffing the whole thing inside of his mouth.

Okay…he’s only trying to get under your skin, Sherita. Don’t listen to him. Emily, of all people, know you don’t want to be anywhere near Desmond.

Sherita smiled. After taking a moment to think about it, she discerned how foolish he sounded. Babysit? Who was he kidding? The only thing he knew how to do concerning a baby was the process it took to make one. He’d probably cringe if a baby spit-up on his expensive clothes. Did he even know how to hold a baby? Feed one? Change a diaper?

Sherita turned to walk away from him, satisfied she was finally putting space between them.

“See you later, Sherita.”

“Yeah…sure you will,” she mumbled.

Watching her pull the door handle of the boutique, Desmond shouted, “You’re welcome, by the way,” while holding up his cup. He watched her shake her head then continue inside of the boutique. He simply smiled, stuffed the remainder of the scone in his mouth and headed back across the street for his jeep. He had some things to wrap up with Dante and Dimitrius at the office today, and then he planned on reviewing his schedule for the upcoming week. He was due to fly out to New York, but he preferred to stay put in Asheville for now. And his reason for that had nothing to do with work.





CHAPTER 2





Greeted with air-conditioning, Sherita set her coffee on the glass counter and leaned up against it. Thank goodness there were no customers in the boutique. She needed a minute to catch her breath.

The sight of Desmond made her feel like something had been prohibiting her to breathe. It should’ve been a felony for a man to look and smell as good as he did, and he did it effortlessly on a daily basis. Even outside of work, he’d wear his jeans low on his hips with a plain-looking shirt and a hot pair of shoes. Every time she laid eyes on him, he was well put together. She was impressed, but she wasn’t interested. She was done with players.

Five years ago, she met Thane Pennington in college, and they’d dated for two years. She was foolishly in love with him, the way a woman should be infatuated with the man she could see as a husband, especially after getting to know that person for two years. Thane knew her mother, father and all her friends back then. He was the man she wanted to spend her life with. Have children with. But whenever she brought up marriage, Thane would quickly change the subject.

Then one day, he casually confessed he wasn’t ready for a commitment. Said he didn’t know whether he could be the one-woman type, at least as far as he could see at the time. That only meant one thing to Sherita – he didn’t want her. She’d invested time in him, put her heart on the line, only to find out she wasn’t the woman he wanted. She wasn’t good enough. If she was, then wouldn’t he have slid a ring on her finger before some other man came by and stole her heart?

She should’ve had a clue about Thane when, after two years, he hadn’t told her that he loved her. But boy did she love him. She thought if she loved him hard enough, said it often enough, then eventually he would learn to love her. She thought wrong. He never said it back.

So since he wasn’t ready for a commitment, she told him she wasn’t ready to have her time wasted. She would not allow him to string her along while he dated other women. What did he expect her to do? Wait for him? That’s why she broke it off. A few days later, he had another girlfriend.

It was hard to walk away, and she felt like a fool for loving a man like Thane and how much of a mistake their relationship had been, but then she remembered something that stuck with her from the commencement speech at her college graduation. She couldn’t recall anything else the lady had said during her inspirational speech, but she remembered her saying this:





“There is only one mistake you will ever make in your life, and that is not learning a lesson from a situation disguised as a mistake. You may make that one mistake over and over again, but be encouraged. The lesson you gain from it will far outweigh any disappointment.”





And she was right. She’d learned a lesson from her failed relationship with Thane, and that was to stay away from him and his kind – a man who was more interested in playing the field rather than being a real man and loving only one woman.

That’s why she couldn’t tolerate Desmond. Admittedly, she was attracted to him. What woman wouldn’t be? Still, she knew she couldn’t allow a man like him to creep into her life. If she was willing to let her guard down so easily, then she might as well have stayed with Thane and played the dim-witted girlfriend role.

After she calmed herself down, she said, “Emily, where are you?”

“I’m in the office,” Emily said.

Sherita, with her cup of coffee in hand, headed for the back office where she saw Emily sitting behind her desk, staring at the computer screen. “Guess who I ran into at the coffee shop.”

“Who?”

“Your crazy brother-in-law.”

Emily smirked. “Oh. Desmond.”

Out of the brothers, Desmond was definitely the wildest of the three. He’d ride his motorcycle rough like he was on top of a galloping horse. He was extremely spry – had enough energy to create his own form of electricity. Dimitrius swore his brother had some type of hyperactivity disorder and, according to Dante, Desmond got up every morning at four to put in two hours of exercise at his home gym. And the man could eat a whole buffet if nobody stopped him. Still, he didn’t have an ounce of fat on his lean, muscular body.

“Did he say anything to you?” Emily asked as she typed.

“He did, actually.”

“That’s surprising. I know he’s been avoiding you for quite a while now.”

“And you know I’ve been doing the same with him, right?” Sherita asked.

Emily smirked. “Yes, Sherita. I know.”

So he was lying. Sherita smiled. Relieved. She should’ve known by the smug, satisfied look on Desmond’s face that what he said about Emily asking him to help her babysit wasn’t true. “Shrew. Good. Now I can breathe.” Sherita sat down in a chair in front of Sherita’s desk.

Taking her attention away from the computer, Emily looked at Sherita and asked, Girl, what’s all that about?”

“What?”

“The sighing, and is that sweat on your forehead?”

Sherita swiped the backside of her hand across her face. “Emily, you have no idea what I’ve been through these few minutes.”

Emily grinned. “At the coffee shop?”

Sherita laughed, feeling silly for letting Desmond get to her. “Yes. Desmond was bothering me the entire time. Like the showoff he is, he placed my order, tried to buy a scone for me and then paid for my coffee, and everybody else’s by the way.”

“Oooh, that’s sooo terrible,” Emily joked.

“I know it sounds silly, but that’s not the part that really got to me.”

“Then what did?”

“The fact that he said you asked him to help me watch the babies tonight. Now I know he was lying—”

“Oh,” Emily said. “Umm…Sherita, he wasn’t lying.”

Sherita’s eyes widened. “Wait, I don’t think I’m hearing you correctly. Are you saying you asked him to help me babysit?”

“Yes, I did.”

Sherita’s face twisted. “Emily!”

“What?”

“Why would you do something like that?”

Emily offered an innocent shrug, but nothing about what she’d done had been innocent. “I just thought two babies were too much for you?”

“Too much for me? I do just fine with Ezra and Grace. Are you kidding me?”

“Yeah, but you’ve never watched them at the same time, and we’re going to be gone for six hours, Rita.”

Sherita was so mad, she could scream. How was she supposed to survive six hours with Desmond when she could hardly tolerate him for ten minutes? “Okay, Ezra is a bit rowdy, yes but Grace is mellow and calm. She does nothing but eat, sleep and flash dimples all day. I can handle them both just fine, so call Desmond and tell him he doesn’t have to babysit tonight. I’m sure he can find some woman to occupy his time.”

Emily grinned. She knew Desmond liked Sherita. Everybody knew it. She had a feeling Sherita knew it as well. “I can’t call him and cancel. He was pretty excited about spending some time with his niece and nephew.”

Yeah, I bet he is excited. “And what is Desmond supposed to do to assist me besides get on my last nerve?” Sherita asked.

“Warm bottles, change diapers, feed, burp, sing, rock the babies to sleep…he’s really good with children…makes you wonder why he claims he doesn’t want any.”

“It may make you wonder. I could not care less.”

“Oh, come on, Rita. It won’t be so bad.”

Sherita shook her head. “It will be bad. I haven’t seen him for nearly a year and now, all of a sudden, he’s buying my coffee and offering me fruity lemon biscuits and whatnot.”

“What?” Emily laughed.

“And you got me babysitting with him, too? I can’t do it.”

Emily laughed harder.

“I’m serious, Emily. I can’t do it. I do not want to be anywhere near Desmond.”

“Why? Because you like him?”

“No! I do not like him.”

“Oh yes, you do,” Emily said, finding Sherita’s denial comical. “You like him. As I recall, you told me he was handsome.”

“So what? I can’t compliment a man without wanting him? Desmond is handsome. So is Dante and Dimitrius…doesn’t mean I want them.” Sherita shook her head, exasperated. “Why would you do this, Emily? You know Desmond is not the kind of man I would ever want to be involved with. I don’t date men who date women for sport.”

“That’s funny, because as long as I’ve known him, I’ve never seen Desmond with a woman. Have you?”

“I can’t see the wind, but I know it’s there. Look, bottom line is, I promised myself I would never get involved with a man like Desmond. I told you about my last relationship. Remember Thane?”

“And how long ago was that? Five years, Sherita? Listen, I of all people, know how difficult it is to start over. When Melvin died, I didn’t want to date another man. I thought I was done. Then I met Dante and—”

“And you fell in love and have a beautiful baby boy,” Sherita interrupted. “What does that have to do with me and Desmond, Emily? Are you actually trying to set me up with him?”

“Sherita—”

“You are, aren’t you?” Sherita interjected. “You’re doing all of this intentionally?”

“Sherita, just—”

Sherita threw her hands up in the air. “I can’t believe you, Emily.” She stood up and walked out of the office. Fuming, with a flushed, reddish face, she returned to the front counter, sitting on the barstool in front of the cash register.

“Jeez, Sherita. I didn’t think you would be so upset over this.”

Sherita released a breath. “Emily, if you want to set me up, fine. But it doesn’t have to be with a man like Desmond. You and I both know he’s not marriage material and I’m not saying I’m ready to get married right now. What I am saying is, I refuse to waste an ounce of my time on a man who’s not willing to commit to me. I did it before, and I’m not doing it again.”

Emily thought about what Sherita said for a moment. She hadn’t realized how deeply Thane had hurt her friend until now. Maybe that’s why she kept herself busy with a few classes here and there, helping her out at the store and traveling to take pictures of newly married couples. It kept her mind off of what she didn’t have. Then again, how could taking pictures of couples keep her mind off of what she wanted but didn’t have?

Emily pulled in a breath then walked up to Sherita and said, “I’m sorry, Sherita. I just thought that maybe if you spent some time with Desmond, you would like him, or could change him.”

“Change him?” she asked, tilting her head, not believing what Emily said. “A woman can’t change a man.”

“Dante changed for me.”

“That’s because he wanted to change. You didn’t make him change. Listen, Em, I’m speaking from experience here. When I started dating Thane, I knew I was playing with fire. All the girls wanted Thane. He was every woman’s dream. Tall, dark, handsome…studying law. I can’t lie…I knew better…knew I should not have given it a second thought when he asked me out, but I did because he was soo handsome. And underneath all of those good looks was a man who couldn’t commit to me. For two years, I was his girlfriend, but he would still flirt with other girls. He even had another girlfriend while he was dating me. After all that, you think I’m supposed to date a man who is just like that? I won’t. I can be cordial with Desmond, but as far as a relationship is concerned, I’m not wasting my time.”

“So you’re not going to babysit tonight.”

“I’ll babysit, but I’m not doing anything else where Desmond Champion will be in attendance, and I would appreciate it if you drop the idea of Desmond and I being together.”

“Duly noted,” Emily said. “I apologize.”

“Thank you,” Sherita told her. And that was that. “Anyway, I know you guys are excited to get out of the house.”

Emily, Dante, Melanie and Dimitrius had a date night lined up for this evening and well into the night. First stop was a Maxwell concert.

“Girl, yes!” Emily said. “I love Ezra to death but mommy needs a night out, and this is my first Maxwell concert. It’s going to be a good time.”

“Are you all having dinner right after?”

“Yes. Dante made reservations. He wouldn’t tell us where we were going, though.”

“So what time should I be at your house tonight?”

“We’re leaving at seven, so I would say you can get there at around six-thirtyish. You can close the store at five.”

“Okay. Got it.”

“Perfect. Now let me get my butt back in this office. I have a few more orders to complete before I leave.”

“Okay, Emily. I’ll take care of the customers,” Sherita said, watching a few women come inside the store.





CHAPTER 3





Sitting in Dante’s swanky office, Desmond pulled up a blank note on his iPad while holding a stylus in his right hand.

Dimitrius stared at his computer screen, replying to an email.

Dante, leaned back in his chair, was still on a conference call that had run over.

Desmond glanced at his watch. The meeting was supposed to begin promptly at ten, but it was already eight minutes past the hour. He didn’t care, but he knew Dimitrius did. Dimitrius was a stickler for time. Usually, when a meeting was a second behind schedule, Dimitrius would be downright irate, annoyed and fuming with irritation. So why wasn’t he going ballistic right about now?

Desmond observed his brother, trying to figure it out. Seemed that since Dimitrius had married Melanie, he’d leveled out, wasn’t so tightly wound and took some time to relax. Marriage changed him. A baby changed him. Fortunately, it had been a change for the better, but unfortunately, not all marriages changed people for the better.

Desmond stood up, lowering his iPad and stylus to the table and stepped out into the hallway, heading for the vending machine in the break room. He took some change from his pocket and fed the machine enough money to purchase a honey bun. And just to be on the safe side, he purchased some M & M’s, too.

Ripping the clear, plastic wrapper, he took a massive bite of the honey bun while heading back towards Dante’s office. He opened the door, took his seat again and dropped the packet of M & M’s on the table.

Using the stylus to bring up his calendar, he scanned his schedule for the upcoming week while cramming the remainder of the honey bun inside of his mouth. While he chewed, low hums of mmm seemed to be coming from deep within his throat.

Mmm…mmm…

Before he could even swallow, he was already tearing open the M & M’s, tossing a handful of them into his mouth, chewing hungrily, and the uncharacteristic humming sound started up again.

Dimitrius looked at Desmond and frowned. Since when had he become a junk food addict, and why was he eating like food had been a new concept, and he’d just discovered it? Dimitrius then glanced up at Dante as if silently asking him these questions.

Dante smirked and shrugged his shoulders. Finally ending his conference call, he said, “Sorry about that. Some people are extremely long-winded.”

“It’s cool,” Dimitrius said.

Desmond tossed a second handful of M & M’s inside of his mouth, catching Dante’s gaze as he did so.

“Did you skip breakfast or what, Des?” Dante inquired.

“No. I ate breakfast,” Desmond told him and kept on chewing. He’d had fruit and a protein shake earlier this morning before a strenuous workout and then a scone while he was busy irritating Sherita.

“So what’s with all the junk food?” Dimitrius asked.

“I think I burn so many calories during my workouts, my body is craving this stuff.” Lie. He’d been craving sweets for as long as he had given up women. It had been a year since his last encounter and to keep his desires at bay, he replaced them with sugar-filled snacks and increased his workouts from one to two hours a day to burn off the extra calories. He didn’t want his brothers to know any of that, especially about the women. He wanted to get to know himself, to figure out why he’d been so unwaveringly against marriage and why, in the past, it was so easy to hop from one bed to another.

“Okay,” Dante said, bringing his hands to a clap. “Let’s get started so we can wrap this up pretty quickly. Dimitrius, what do you have on tap for next week?”

“I’m still focusing on the virtual piano lesson studio…will probably be working on it for another two weeks or so.”

“And you, Des?” Dante asked.

“I’m supposed to be heading to New York, but I’m either going to postpone it or delegate it to Kurt,” Desmond responded. Kurt Hempstead was the new marketing manager they’d hired over a year ago to help alleviate some of Desmond’s responsibilities.

“Kurt can handle it,” Dante said. “We’re going to need to stay around the office for a while, anyway.”

“Why?” Dimitrius asked. “What’s up?”

“Victor Westwood is in town,” Dante told him. Victor Westwood made a living buying and selling online companies. He’d buy a company like a dating service, revamp it and sell it to the highest bidder. He made a fortune doing this, but since he wasn’t computer savvy, he would seek out and pay the best companies to design and market these companies to potential buyers.

Five years ago, Dante had approached him about a collaboration, but Victor declined, stating that The Champion Corporation wasn’t big enough for him to work with and that Dante and his brothers weren’t stable. If Victor was going to pay millions of dollars to roll out a project, he wanted to ensure his money was in capable hands. And with the rumors swirling around the Champion men, he declined Dante’s offer.

Dimitrius scowled. “You’re not talking about the same Victor Westwood who declined to do business with us, are you?”

“I am.”

“Seriously, Dante?” Desmond asked. “As I recall, the man said we were, and I quote, little fish in this business,” Desmond said with a hardened jaw.

“That’s right. He did say that,” Dante responded, “But that was before The Champion Corporation was the multi-million dollar company it is today. We’re not little fish anymore. We’re sharks in this business.”

“So you’re thinking about approaching him again?” Dimitrius asked.

“No. My gut tells me he’s thinking about approaching us. That has to be the reason he’s in Asheville. The Champion Corporation owns the online business market share in the southeast region, and I’m positive Victor is aware of that.”

Dimitrius blew an exasperated breath. “Oh, so now that were big enough, he wants to do business with us.”

“I honestly think he would’ve worked with us back then,” Dante said. He stood up from his desk and slid his hands in his pockets. Walking around his desk, he sat on the front edge of it, directly in front of his brothers now.

“Then why didn’t he?” Desmond asked.

“He said some things to me that I didn’t tell you guys. He said we weren’t stable, and when I say we, I’m not talking about the corporation as a whole. I’m talking about us, individually.”

“Unbelievable,” Dimitrius hissed.

“Wait a minute, Dimitrius…before you pop a blood vessel, think about it. The old man was right. We weren’t stable. It’s no secret that we all had a reputation around here. Even though some things weren’t true and blown out of proportion, we had a reputation. Looking back at myself, for example, I can see how people perceived me. When Anita died, I was a mess. I was partying, drinking – I did it to hide my pain. The people who saw me living that lifestyle had no idea I was grieving. They just saw someone who was out of control. I say that to say we all had issues going on in our lives, and then on top of everything, we lost Mom and Dad.”

Dante watched Desmond grimace. Desmond seemed to have taken the death of their parents the hardest. He was young at the time and though he never talked about it, Dante and Dimitrius knew how much their deaths had affected him.

“So now what?” Desmond asked.

“Now, we sit back and wait. Word is, Victor’s not buying or selling a company. He’s looking to start one of his own.”

“A web company?” Desmond asked.

“From what I gather, yes,” Dante responded.

Dimitrius folded his laptop closed and said, “Dante, why are you even considering working with Victor? It’s not like we need the money now, like we did back then. We don’t need any work from Victor.”

Dante smirked. “Would you change your mind if you knew he was offering twenty-five million dollars for the launch of this new business venture of his?”

Dimitrius sat straight up in is chair. “Okay, now we’re talking.”

The men chuckled.

“What I’m concerned about is, if Victor is here because he’s heard we recently married and have families now, and that’s why he considers us as being stable, what will he make of Desmond?”

Desmond’s brows snapped together. “What do you mean?”

“I’m just speculating here,” Dante said, “But he may have a problem with it is all I’m saying.”

Desmond shot Dante a hard glare across the room. “Well, if he does, he can take his business elsewhere.”

Dante shook his head. “Des, do you know what The Champion Corporation could do with twenty-five million dollars? Remember when we were talking about expanding our design and technology team a few months ago? And we were exploring the option of building a fitness center, cafeteria and daycare facility for our employees. I want TCC to be a place where people actually enjoy coming to work, and this extra money will enable us to do that without taking away from our bottom line. But, like I said, this is all speculation as it stands. We’ll cross the bridge when we get to it. For now, I just wanted to put it out there to you.” Dante rolled his wrist to check the time. “It’s 10:35. Is there anything further we need to talk about?”

“Not from an accounts perspective,” Dimitrius said.

“I’m good, too,” Desmond responded.

“Well, that’s a wrap,” Dante said. “I have a few phone calls to make, and then I’m heading out.”

“Same here,” Dimitrius said.

“Hey, Des, what time can I expect you tonight, or have you changed your mind about babysitting?” Dante asked.

Changed his mind? And miss the opportunity to get under Sherita’s skin again? Not a chance!

“I’ll be there around six-thirty.”

“All right. See you then.”





CHAPTER 4





“There’s my handsome prince,” Sherita said after she saw baby Ezra lying on an interactive play mat in the family room. She had just arrived at Dante and Emily’s place, ready for a full night of babysitting duties. Scooping Ezra from his mat, she sat on the couch with him on her lap. “He gets more adorable every time I see him. Look at those eyes.”

Emily smiled. “I love his eyes. Every time I look into them, I see his father.”

“Aw…that’s so sweet, Em.”

“And I’m not trying to bring up the subject again, but that’s all I was trying to say at the boutique earlier, Rita. You deserve happiness too.”

“I’ll get there. I’m only twenty-six. Besides, I still have things I want to accomplish before I have one of these gorgeous little babies,” Sherita said, bouncing Ezra on her knee.

“What kind of things?”

“Well, my job, for instance…I want a career, and while I like traveling, I always wanted my own studio. Something local. So I’m giving you a ten-year notice that you’re going to need to hire someone to work at the boutique.” Sherita chuckled.

Emily laughed, too. “Girl, first of all, it will not take ten years for you to get your studio.”

“I know, but even if it does, I’m okay with it.”

“Sherita…”

“I am. Tell her Ezra.” Sherita leaned her face next to little Ezra’s face and said, “Ezra, say Auntie Rita will be just fine.”

Emily laughed, watching Ezra’s gummy smile.

Changing subjects, Sherita said, “You look gorgeous, by the way.”

Emily stood up and said, “You don’t think it’s too much?”

Sherita looked her up and down. Emily had on a black, backless romper, silver teardrop earrings, a short silver chain around her neck and a pair of leopard heels. Her hair was pinned up in a loose bun. “You look amazing, Em.”

“She does, doesn’t she?” Dante said, entering the room with a pair of black slacks, a dress shirt and sports jacket, looking dapper himself. He walked over to Emily, placed his hands on her face then took a long kiss from her lips.

“See, Ezra…mommy and daddy are going to have a sibling for you in no time,” Sherita said, then laughed.

Dante and Emily giggled.

“We just might,” Dante said. “It’s so hard for me to keep my hands off of her.”

Emily blushed. “Stop it, Dante.”

Just then, the doorbell rang.

“I’ll get it,” Dante said. “I hope it’s Melanie and Dimitrius. We need to be on the road.” He rushed to the door and saw Melanie standing there holding the car seat. Grace was sound asleep.

“Come on in, Melanie.”

Melanie stepped inside and said, “Dimitrius is still in the car. Should I tell him to come in?”

“No,” Dante said, glancing at his watch. “We have to get going.”

“Okay,” Melanie said. “Where’s Sherita?”

“She’s in the family room. You can take Grace on back, and tell your sister-in-law we need to get out of here.”

“Okay. Will do.” Melanie continued on to the family room and when she saw the women, she said, “Hey ladies.”

“Hey Melanie,” Sherita said. “You look nice.”

“Thank you.” Melanie said. “Oh, and Emily, Dante said we need to hit the road.”

“Okay. Let me get one last kiss from my sweetheart.” Emily walked over to where Sherita was sitting with Ezra, scooped him up in her arms and kissed him all over his chubby-cheeked face. “Mommy loves you, sweetie. Can you say bye-bye? Say bye-bye.”

Melanie left Grace strapped inside of the car seat since she was sleeping, but that didn’t stop her from leaving kisses on her cheek.

Sherita smiled. It must’ve been a wonderful feeling to have a child, especially for Melanie since she thought she couldn’t have a child. Now she was the proud mother of a beautiful baby girl who also had those distinctive Champion hazel eyes. Grace and Ezra looked more like siblings instead of first cousins.

“Okay ladies…get out of here before you make yourselves late. I can handle things from here,” Sherita said.

After one final kiss, Emily handed Ezra back over to Sherita and said, “Take care of my baby.”

“Don’t worry. He’ll be just fine. Now go.”

Sherita followed Melanie and Emily to the living room where she saw Dante standing in the foyer, talking to Desmond. She locked eyes with Desmond briefly before snatching her vision away from him. From the glimpse she could get, she noticed he had on a red jacket, a pair of jeans and was holding a black helmet.

Must’ve driven the motorcycle over here, she thought.

“All right, well, we’re going to get out of here, man,” Dante said to Desmond.

“Have fun guys,” Sherita said, following Dante, Emily and Melanie outside, where she also waved at Dimitrius who’d stayed in the car.

Sherita waved a final time then turned to walk back inside of the house, baby Ezra still in her arms. Upon opening the door, she froze in her tracks, watching Desmond unzip his motorcycle jacket, seemingly in slow motion, as if he’d been waiting for the moment she stepped inside. She swallowed hard at the sight of him in a black, fitted T-shirt, showing off the muscle definition of his thick arms, the outline of his chiseled chest and firm abs. And then there was the way his jeans rode low on his hips…

When Desmond sensed she’d been staring, he looked at her, shot a half smile her way then walked right up to her, invading precious, personal space. “What’s up lil’ man?” he said to Ezra.

A whiff of Desmond’s scent nearly rendered her spellbound. He must’ve just taken a shower and the smell of soap, deodorant and cologne, along with the natural smell of his skin was downright intoxicating. She had to put distance between the two of them, and fast. “You want to hold him?” she asked.

He grinned, well aware of what she was doing. “No. Where’s my little Gracie?”

Gracie…

Melanie had told her that Desmond called Grace, Gracie, his own nickname for his niece. When Grace was born, she had to stay in the neonatal intensive care unit for six days since she was under five pounds. Melanie, Dimitrius – everyone was worried sick. And Desmond, no matter how busy he was visited his little Gracie every day while she was there. He’d bonded with her.

“Grace is in the family room. Melanie left her in the car seat since she’s sleeping.”

“The car seat? That’s no way for my niece to sleep. She needs to be lying against Uncle Desmond’s chest.” He walked to the family room, carefully unbuckled Grace and slowly lifted her from the car seat, holding her close against his chest.

Sherita walked into the room and saw him reclined on the sofa with Grace on his chest. The baby looked tiny against him. His hands were larger than her head. She was surprised at how comfortable he seemed while holding her. Most people freaked out when it came to holding a baby, fearing they would do it all wrong. Desmond had no problems with holding his niece. She wondered if it was because he was natural at it, or if he had practiced. Did he have children of his own sprinkled around town? Whatever the case, she was as equally impressed as she was shocked.

“So what are our baby plans?” he asked.

Baby plans? Sherita ignored him and paid more attention to Ezra instead. She sat in the chair opposite of the sofa where Desmond was holding Grace. She bounced Ezra on her lap again, watching him smile, and then she finger-combed his hair. She had no interest in talking to Desmond – especially not after the stunt he pulled at the coffee shop. And she wasn’t about to do the back and forth, tit-for-tat word dance he seemed to thrive on. She’d much rather escape into a different room instead, but she couldn’t run away from him. She had to learn how to deal with him, especially since they would see each other pretty often – well, now that he’d come out of hiding. Since pretending she hadn’t heard his question seemed to have been working for now, she continued smiling at Ezra, raking his thin, silky straight black hair back with her fingers.

“Look at you, big boy,” she said, watching him smile, showing his gums in an adorable way that made her giggle. “Do you love your Aunt Rita? Do you love your Aunt Rita?”

Desmond thought about what she said for a moment. Aunt Rita. In a way, she was like an aunt to Ezra and Grace. She babysat the babies often, and when she hung out with Melanie and Emily on the weekends, she’d get to see the babies. She was just as much a part of their lives as he was. But she wasn’t a real aunt. She would have to be married to him in order to be their aunt, and that wouldn’t happen. He liked Sherita, but marriage was out of the question, and that went for every woman he’d come into contact with who thought he’d budge on his stance.

“Sherita, did you hear me?” his said in a low tone so as not to wake Grace.

Sherita’s smile faded. She looked over at Desmond, watching him gently stroke Grace’s hair with his large hand. “I heard you…not sure I understand what you mean.”

“We have to keep the babies entertained, right? So what are our plans?”

Sherita shrugged. “You tell me, Uncle Desmond. What do you do with your children?”

Eyebrows raised, he asked, “My children?”

“Yes. Your children.”

He smirked. “That’s rather presumptuous of you to say. I don’t have children. Don’t want any.”

“Oh, then I apologize. I just assumed a man with your reputation would be a proud father with multiple baby mommas.”

The smirk on his face had sense faded and now, glaring at her, Desmond responded, “That’s why you shouldn’t assume things. You don’t even know me, Sherita.”

“You’re right. I don’t know you, and I don’t want to know you so stop talking to me.” Sherita stood up and walked out of the room with Ezra in her arms, continuing on to the kitchen. Thirty minutes into babysitting and she was already thinking of leaving. But, she couldn’t let Emily down, and she wanted to spend time with the babies. Maybe if she steered clear of Desmond, things would go a bit smoother. He could stay in the family room with Grace, and she would find some place to get comfortable with Ezra.

She opened the refrigerator, pulled out a bottle of water and when she turned around, she saw Desmond standing near the island, staring. Without Grace. He’d probably put her back in the car seat, or in Ezra’s Pack N’ Play.

Sherita felt blood rush to her head. She didn’t need this. Not now. Not ever.

“Can I ask you something, Sherita?”

“No.”

“Why don’t you like me?” he asked anyway.

She glared at him. “I’m not about to argue with you in front of the babies, so you can forget about it.”

“Argue? I haven’t been in an argument with a woman since—” He thought for a moment and continued, “Actually, I’ve never been in an argument with a woman. I have other ways of dealing with my frustration. But that’s irrelevant at the moment. Right now, I want to talk with you.”

“About?”

“Your obvious attitude towards me. If you don’t like me, that’s fine. I’m a big boy. I can handle it, baby, but that doesn’t mean you can just talk to me any kind of way and think I’m cool with it. I’m telling you, I’m not.”

“And I’m telling you I have no interest in talking to you at all.”

He took slow steps her way. “And I’m telling you that’s not acceptable. Like it or not, we have to see each other quite frequently.”

“No we don’t. You proved that for an entire year. Anytime I showed up to one of your family’s events, you left. And, from what I understand, you would call people to see if I was in attendance at a particular place, and if I was, you wouldn’t show up at all. Why don’t you continue doing that, Desmond? It was working really well.”

So she knew. He couldn’t dispute it. He had been avoiding her, but she wouldn’t understand the reason why. She wouldn’t get it if he told her that being around her made him desire things he didn’t feel he wanted or was ready for – like children, a home and especially a wife. And it didn’t help matters that she was the most beautiful woman he’d ever laid eyes on. Even now, staring at her pouty, pink lips had him thinking about kissing them.

“This is ridiculous,” Sherita mumbled, certain Desmond hadn’t heard her. She had to get out of the house. This co-babysitting was not a good idea as she suspected it wouldn’t be. “After I feed Ezra and Grace, I plan on taking them to Carrier Park to take some pictures for Emily and Melanie. They always talked about getting photos of them together, but with everyone’s busy schedule, it hasn’t happened yet. So that’s what I’m doing.” She blew a distressing breath, and deciding to be the bigger person, she said, “I appreciate you agreeing to help out with the babies, but we obviously do not work well together, so I’m going to distance myself from this.”

Desmond stood there, holding her gaze, not saying a word and not even showing any sort of expression on his face. Maybe he was a bit too pushy. Too forthcoming for her taste.

Sherita held his serious gaze for as long as she could stand until she couldn’t handle it anymore. Until she was intimidated by his presence. His aura. Was he happy? Annoyed? Indifferent? She had no clue. “Well, I’m going to get Ezra’s bottle, and I may as well warm Grace’s milk while I’m at it. Can you hold Ezra for a moment?”

“Sure.”

Sherita took a few steps closer to Desmond then handed Ezra off to him. When she did, Desmond reached out to grab Ezra but his hand latched on to Sherita’s forearm before he quickly corrected and took Ezra in his grasp. The moment she felt his hand against her arm, she snatched it away. Just that simple touch sent a chill down her spine, the same way his breath against her neck had in the coffee shop this morning. How had she been able to go five years without being affected by men who tried to charm her, and she couldn’t handle this one man?

“Look at you, big guy,” Desmond said to Ezra. “Looking just like your daddy…”

He looks like you, too. It was on the tip of her tongue, but Sherita didn’t say it. She preferred to keep all communication with Desmond at a minimum. She wouldn’t talk to him anymore this evening unless it was absolutely necessary.





CHAPTER 5





After they had fed the babies, changed diapers and secured them in their car seats, Sherita carried Ezra to the car. Desmond followed behind her with Grace.

“Be sure to turn the car seat rear-facing,” she told him.

A smile came to the corner of his mouth. “Yes, I’m aware of that, Sherita.”

“Oh. I wasn’t sure, so…”

“No, it’s cool. I know you’re just making sure the babies are properly taken care of. I appreciate that.”

“Oh, and another thing…don’t let the inside of my car scare you. I have camera equipment all over the floor.”

“Thanks for the warning.” Desmond opened the rear passenger door and, just like she said, there was camera equipment on the floor – lenses, a few digital cameras, tripods, lights, batteries and what looked to be a photo umbrella. He went ahead and strapped Grace’s car seat in place, securing it.

Sherita had already secured Ezra’s seat and was sitting in the driver seat of her 2004 Honda Accord waiting for Desmond to close the back door. Finally, she would be getting away from him. She needed this space to clear the air and balance herself out again because everything about him threw her off balance, from his good looks to his not so good attitude.

Once he pushed the back door closed, Sherita started the car but felt a knot twisting in her stomach when Desmond reached to open the passenger door. What was he doing?

He got inside, closed the door behind himself then looked at her. “Ready?”

She scrunched up her face. “What do you think you’re doing?”

Doing his best to disguise amusement, he said, “I’m going with you to the park. Surely you need some help with the babies and all of your equipment, right?”

She could just die. “No, I don’t. I can handle it.”

“Well, I think I should go anyway.”

Of course you do. She should’ve known it wouldn’t be easy to get away from him, and now, not only did she have to deal with him at the park, but she had to be trapped with him inside of her small car. That bothered her more than anything else.

She glanced over at his long legs, his knees snug against the glove compartment. “Maybe you should take your motorcycle. As you can see, I don’t have much leg room for you.”

“I’m good,” he told her. “This is cozy.”

Cozy? Yeah, sure. This from a man who drove a motorcycle, a Mercedes jeep and a silver Bentley.

“Last chance before I drive away,” she said, hoping for a miracle.

“I’m good,” he said, reaching for the seatbelt, pulling it across his chest. When he buckled it, his hairy arm grazed her smooth one. He could’ve sworn he heard her whimper when it happened, when their skin touched. “Let’s go. You only have about an hour and a half of daylight left, princess.”

Feeling a vein pulsate at her temple, Sherita shifted the car in gear, beginning the ten-minute drive to Carrier Park. Feeling warmer than usual, she turned up the AC a little higher than where she normally had it set. She didn’t want the babies to get cold, but she didn’t want to pass out while driving either. With Desmond next to her, she was a nervous wreck, and it didn’t help matters that he was staring at her like he was making it his goal to see her sweat.

Desmond saw the moment her breathing quickened. He’d gotten this reaction from women for so long, he could pick up on it right away – on when a woman was either attracted to him or intimidated by him. Only thing is, he had yet to figure out which category Sherita fell into because he wasn’t around her long enough to make the distinction. So he purposely studied her, and he could not care less if she was uncomfortable. Besides a near rear-end experience at the coffee shop, this was the only other time he’d ever been this close to her. And boy did he like what he saw.

His eyes traced the outline of her face, zoomed in on her ripe lips, her ears and the hair she’d just stroked, raking it behind her right ear. He noticed she had three piercings in her ear and he imagined she had the same in the left. Her neck was long and elegant, leading down to a nice size, average chest. In the beige tank top she wore, her arms were visible, looked firm, but he could attest to their softness since he’d touched them. Twice. He had to talk himself out of touching her again. She’d probably run off the road if he traveled the length of her arm with his index finger.

Continuing his examination, he checked out her flat stomach and those small, delicate hands gripping the steering wheel. Her fingernails were painted a light pink. On her right hand, there were two silver rings – one on her index finger, the other on her pinky finger. Near her wrist, he saw a dark scar, and he wondered how she’d gotten it.

“I must have something on my face.”

“I don’t see anything,” Desmond said.

“Huh?” She asked, glancing at him then back at the road.

“You said you had something on your face.”

“Oh. I didn’t realize I said that out loud.”

“Well, there’s nothing there, but I can put something there if you would like.”

She could see him lick his lips in her peripheral vision, and the way his dimple peeped out when he smirked. “No thanks.” Sherita swore she could feel his breath massage the side of her face. Seemed he had moved closer. What on earth was he doing? Slowing to a red light, she finally looked at him and said, “Okay, what is it?”

“What do you mean?” he asked with a straight face.

“Why are you staring at me, Desmond?” she asked, watching his eyes land on her lips.

“Just a part of my process.”

Eyebrows raised, she said, “Your process?”

“Yes.”

“Your process for what?”

“For learning you. Light’s green.”

“What?”

“Go,” he said, amused. “The light is green.”

“Oh.” Sherita pressed the gas pedal. Desmond was throwing her off balance again. “Why would you be interested in learning me, whatever that means?”

“It means your mannerisms, your thought process. Things you like and dislike. Love. Hate. Things that make you feel uncomfortable.”

“And why would you be interested in that?”

He shrugged. “Just am, and by the time I’m done, I’ll know you so thoroughly, I’ll be able to decipher what you’re thinking without you having to say a word.”

Sherita laughed so hard, she felt water in her eyes. She knew Desmond was a womanizer, but comedian? “Oh, so I’m supposed to believe…” she began before laughter took over again. When she could catch her breath, she cleared her throat and said, “I’m supposed to believe you’re a mind reader now.”

“No,” Desmond said with a straight face, “But I am very good at reading people, Sherita, especially women.”

“So you’ve done this to other women?”

“I have, but not as thoroughly as I plan on doing it to you.”

This fool done lost his natural mind. Sherita shook her head. Men like Desmond were accustomed to getting what they wanted, but he had to be a world-class moron if he didn’t think she was aware of that already. “Well, thanks for the warning, and the laugh,” Sherita told him.

“You think it’s funny now, but you’ll understand what I mean when you witness it happening for yourself.”

Sure I will. “Like I said, thank you for the warning.”

“A warning won’t do you any good, princess.”

“Sure it would. When you know what time a thief is coming to rob your house, you know when to be on alert.”

“Yeah, but just because you’re alert doesn’t mean you have what it takes to fight off the thief. Maybe he’s stronger than you. Maybe he has more experience robbing than you think he does.”

She quietly digressed. Desmond wasn’t going to rob her of anything. She’d had her heart stolen by a thief once before. Now, her guard was up. And it would stay up.





Finally at the park, they got out of the car, then opened the back doors to get the babies.

“Okay, so we’re not going to go far since we don’t have strollers,” Sherita told him. She scanned the park, looking for a good place to set up. “There. We can go right over there by the willow tree. You take Grace. I’ll carry Ezra, and then you can watch them while I come back to the car to get my camera and stuff.”

“Or I can carry Ezra and Grace while you grab your equipment now.”

“Oh…right. Okay. Do that, then.”

He smiled, walking around to her side of the car with Grace, then picked up Ezra’s car seat.

Sherita scooped up her equipment, stuffing everything she thought she needed in a shoulder bag. “Okay…I think I got all I need.”

Together, they headed for the spot she’d chosen.

Once there, Desmond said, “What now?”

“Okay…umm,” she rummaged around in her bag and removed a white, ruffled blanket. “Can you spread this out? I’m thinking of lying them both here, flat on their backs and standing above them, taking a few shots.”

Desmond took the blanket, spread it out on the ground then took Grace and Ezra from their car seats, one-by-one and laid them there.

“Perfect,” Sherita said.

He stood back while watching Sherita work. She was good with the camera, taking shots of the babies at all angles, watching them stir a little. Desmond had done a phenomenal job of lying them there without waking them, but now they were waking up and Grace wasn’t a happy camper. She expressed her displeasure with being exposed to nature by a faint, whiny cry. And even her cries sounded like a pleasant melody.

“Aw, Grace, it’s okay, beautiful,” Sherita said.

“I’ll get her,” Desmond said. He dropped to the ground next to Grace, placed his face against hers and said, “Uncle Des is here, baby girl. Everything is all right, sweetie.”

Sherita took a few face shots of Desmond with the babies.

“Since you’re sneaking pictures of me with the babies, you should take pictures of the four of us. Can you set the auto-flash?”

Sherita grinned. “I’m a photographer. Of course I can.”

“Right.”

Desmond watched as she positioned the camera on the tripod, angled it towards them then walked over next to him. She sat down on the grass and picked up Ezra. Desmond was holding Grace.

“Okay,” Sherita said. “Get ready. It’s about to flash several times, so let’s do different poses.”

When the camera began flashing, they both smiled, both did a shot of them looking at the babies, then they did face-to-face shots with the babies before Desmond did something completely unexpected. He leaned in closer to Sherita, so close their faces touched. Before she could put up any resistance, the camera flashed, taking their picture.

Sherita jerked her head away from him. “What are you doing?”

“Taking pictures,” he said. “

“Let’s just pack up so we can get the babies back home,” she said, exasperated.

“We should probably pick up dinner while we’re out,” Desmond suggested.

Sherita sighed while packing her equipment. It was going to be a long night.





CHAPTER 6





Back at Dante’s house, they changed the babies, fed them again and rocked them to sleep. Ezra went down easy. Grace, on the other hand, had proven to be a challenge – one Desmond seemed to have no problem accepting. Sherita had watched Desmond walk back and forth with Grace, gently bouncing her in his arms and humming to her while his large hand cradled the back of her head.

For a while, Sherita observed how Desmond interacted with Grace. If a stranger saw the two of them together, they would swear Grace was his daughter. He had obviously bonded with his niece and nephew, which took her by surprise. You would think the motorcycle-riding, millionaire bachelor would be somewhere partying or, better yet, trying to spit game to some unsuspecting woman. But no. He was here. On a Friday night, rocking his niece to sleep.

“I think she’s finally fallen asleep,” he whispered to Sherita. “Where should we put them?”

“I’m going to take Ezra upstairs since he’s probably out for a few hours. You can put Grace in Ezra’s Pack-N-Play.”

“Good idea.”

Before she attempted to get up from the couch, she watched Desmond carefully lower Grace to the soft blanket. Then he took another blanket and spread it over her.

“Sweet dreams, baby girl,” he whispered.

“I’m going to put Ezra to bed,” Sherita said softly.

“I’ll warm dinner.”

After climbing the stairs and reaching his room, Sherita carefully lowered Ezra to the crib, made sure he was lying in a safe, comfortable position, before leaving his room. She took a moment to step into the bathroom to control her breathing. She would be alone with Desmond, again, eating dinner. How would she survive breaking bread with the man when the mere thought of being alone with him gave her palpitations? She’d nearly fainted in the car. And when he leaned against her for the photo, his face touching hers, she felt a nervous energy rip through her body – the sensation causing her to jerk. She knew he felt it. The moment she trembled, he smiled.

“How am I going to do this?” she said out loud. Then, annoyed with herself that she was even considering coming up with a strategy to avoid him, she left the bathroom and jogged downstairs. She told herself to remember who she was dealing with. He was a charmer. He was Thane all over again.





Desmond took some plates from the cupboard and placed a serving of lasagna in both. He had suggested food from his favorite Italian restaurant and since Sherita had never eaten there before, he knew this would be a treat for her. His brothers weren’t due back for another three hours, and he’d planned on using that time effectively to further probe inside Sherita’s mind.

“Everything all right?” he asked when she walked inside of the kitchen. He already had their plates on the table.

“Peachy,” she responded. She sat down at the table, watching him join her. She had been so nervous about the idea of being at the house with him, she hadn’t eaten anything since lunch. She was starving, but still too nervous to eat.

Desmond sat down at the table, glanced up at her and said, “You’re not hungry?”

She looked back at him. “I am.”

He cracked a smile. “Eat.”

Sherita picked up a fork, using it to cut a slither of lasagna then took it to her mouth. She wasn’t certain about this strange energy she felt between herself and Desmond. All she knew was, she wanted to limit their conversation. He wasn’t the type of man she wanted to get entangled with.

Then again, perhaps she was looking at this all wrong. Maybe Desmond had no real interest in her. He was being himself, a ladies man. A player. Didn’t all players try to hit on every woman they came into contact with? Why would he be any different?

She watched him slice a massive chunk of the lasagna, opening his mouth wide to chew it. Apparently, he was hungry too.

Desmond greedily finished the first bite. After taking a sip of water, he looked up at her. “So, Sherita…”

Sherita looked up at him and held his gaze, watching his lips form into a smile.

“Yes?” she forced out.

“I want to address something you said earlier.”

“What was that?”

“You said I’d been doing a good job of avoiding you.”

Sherita shook her head. “There’s no need to address it.”

“There is. You seemed bothered by it?”

She lifted a brow. “Not sure how you got that impression, but I’m not bothered by it. Not at all. As a matter of fact, I didn’t even want to come here tonight to babysit when Emily told me you would be here.”

“And why’s that, Sherita?”

“Because I don’t know you all that well, Desmond. I know of you. I know what I hear, what I’ve seen.”

“Then let’s address some of it,” he said, stuffing more lasagna to his mouth.

“Why?”

“Because I think we should.” He wiped his mouth with a napkin. “There’s no reason for us to be enemies.”

“And there’s no reason for us to be friends, either.”

He stared at her for a moment. “Okay,” he nodded. “Let’s say there’s no reason for us to be friends…does that mean you have to avoid me? Think less of me than you do of my brothers?”

“Since when do you care what people think about you?”

“Who said anything about people? I’m talking about you, Sherita.”

Sherita took a sip of water to quell the intense heat of his eyes. He made it a practice to stare at her, and he knew there wasn’t anything she could do about it but get up and walk away. But that would be admitting he was able to get to her. She wouldn’t let him have the upper hand. So, after setting her glass back on the table, she said, “Okay. Let’s talk.”

He seemed pleased with her response. Finally, he was getting his way. “Why do you think I’ve been avoiding you?” he asked.

“I don’t think it…I know it for a fact. You have been avoiding me. Dante, Dimitrius, Melanie, Emily…everybody knows it.”

“Okay, you’re not understanding my question so let me be clearer. Yes, I have been avoiding you. My question is, why do you think I’ve been doing so?”

She shrugged. “Beats me. Unlike you, I don’t have the capability to read minds, and if I did, your mind wouldn’t be one I would read.”

He forced himself to grin. She wasn’t ready for intense Desmond, but it looked like he had to give it to her anyway. He took a napkin, wiped his mouth and cleared his throat. “The reason I’ve been avoiding you is because I like you. I’m attracted to you. I like the way you talk, the sound of your voice and the way you laugh when I hear you interacting with Emily and Melanie. I like the way you dress, the way your lips poke out when you’re upset and the way you blush when you’re embarrassed, sort of like you’re doing right now. You’re a good woman, Sherita. You have a strong work ethic that I really admire, but it’s those things that kept me away from you.”

Confusion washed over Sherita’s face. He’d been avoiding her because he liked her? What kind of game was he playing?

“You look confused,” he observed.

“I am.”

“I was hoping you could read between the lines so I didn’t have to be so thorough.”

“There are no lines to read between, Desmond. You said you were avoiding me because you like me? That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.”

A frown flashed in his forehead, then it quickly went away. With a serious, stoic face, he said, “So I have to spell it out for you.” He took a sip of water. “Okay, it’s like this…I like you…more like I want you. More like I’ve had dreams about you, about us…more times than I would like to admit to. There’s something different about you, Sherita. Something special. You’re unlike any woman I’ve ever encountered. So I stayed away, yes, not for my sake, but for yours, because you’re not ready to be pursued by a man like me, darling.”

Sherita had met some cocky, conceited men in her life, but never one like the man sitting across the table from her. “You stayed away for my sake…”

“Yes. I’m not like Dante and Dimitrius, Sherita. They found their soul mates and married them. You know Dante’s story. He was married before he met Emily, but his wife had died. Emily came along, and he fell in love again. Then there’s Dimitrius…he fell in love with Melanie. Now, my brothers have adorable children. I don’t want that.”

“You don’t want what?”

“Marriage. Children. That’s not for me. Never has been. Never will be.”

Still confused, Sherita asked, “And…why are you telling me this?” She took a sip of water.

“Because you’re my soul mate, Sherita.”

Sherita coughed hard. The water must’ve gone down wrong, especially after Desmond’s comment. When she was able to clear her throat, she burst out in a cloud of laughter, laughing so hard it nearly brought her to tears. When she was finally able to get her laughter under control, she asked, “What’s that in your glass, because it can’t be water?” She laughed more and when her laughter subsided, she glanced at Desmond. He was sitting still, his fingers interlocked, arms resting on the table.

Brows raised, he asked, “Are you done?”

“That depends. Are you done cracking jokes?”

“It’s not a joke, and you can laugh if it makes you temporarily divert from the reality of this situation, but you are my soul mate and you know it. Why do you think your breathing is much heavier when I’m around you? Why your palms are sweaty? Why do I make you so nervous, Sherita? You need to listen to your body. It’s trying to tell you something.”

Sherita narrowed her eyes at him. “Is this how you do it? How you get women to go home with you?”

“I’ve never taken a woman to my home.”

“Well, wherever you take them…how many women have you told this soul mate story to?”

“None. Only you.”

“And you expect me to believe that?”

“You should. It’s the truth.”

The truth…the man didn’t know the meaning of the word. And how could a person who didn’t have a soul be somebody’s soul mate?

“Well, let me tell you a few things about myself, Desmond. I don’t date players.”

“I never said I wanted to date you.”

“Oh, yeah…that’s right. You don’t date. You just sleep around. Whatever be the case, rest assured the words soul and mate will never go together where we’re concerned. I’ve been down this windy road before with a man like you, only then I didn’t know I was being played. Now, I know better, and when you know better, you do better, right?”

“So I’ve been told,” he responded.

“Good. Then you can stop all this soul mate crap and talk to me like a woman. I’m not an object…a toy for you to play with.”

“You don’t have to be a toy for me to play with you, Sherita,” he said with challenging eyes.

“Okay, I’m done,” she said, standing. “Thanks for dinner.” She was starting to think Desmond had some serious mental flaws. Maybe that’s why he was still single.

“And there you go running again.”

“I’m not running anywhere. I’m just removing myself from this senseless conversation.”

“There’s nothing senseless about it. Come sit down so we can finish our discussion, Sherita.”

“No thanks. I’m good.” Sherita dumped the contents of her plate in the garbage then walked over to the sink where she rinsed her plate and left it there. Afterwards, she took the bottle of water she had been sipping on and left out of the back door. She needed air. A lot of air. Some things Desmond said had been right. Her body did react to him in ways it had never reacted before. She couldn’t explain it, but she knew it had nothing to do with being soul mates. Why would he suggest such a ridiculous thing? And why was he so arrogant? Was it because he was fully aware of how attractive he was? Of how women reacted around him?

Then he said he didn’t want marriage and children. Odd. He was so good with handling Grace. From what she’d witnessed firsthand today, he loved Grace and Ezra equally. He knew how to change diapers, warm milk, calm a baby and rock one to sleep. He would make an excellent father.

The sound of the back door opening snatched her attention away from her thoughts. She watched Desmond glance over at her. He sauntered towards the table with stalking eyes that looked like he was ready to pounce upon easy prey. It made her think about what he’d said – that he liked her. Wanted her.

Desmond pulled out a chair, sat beside her then looked at her again.

Sherita glanced up at him, then quickly turned away before finding the courage to look at him again. “Listen, Desmond. I’m not sure what your goal is tonight, but—”

“My goal is to get to know you.”

“Then why are you talking about wanting me?”

“Because I do want you,” he said honestly, “But I won’t pursue you, Sherita, because you need someone who can give you all the things I can’t. Things I won’t.”

Okay, so he wouldn’t pursue her. She felt relieved at his omission, but made a mental note to remain cautious, because Desmond had a way with words. And, like laser beams, his eyes remain locked on her.

Hoping to divert his pensive stare, she asked, “So, do you live in this area?”

“No. I live in South Asheville. It’s about twenty-five minutes away from here. I live closer to Dimitrius and Melanie.”

“That’s nice.”

“It is. From what I understand, you don’t have siblings, correct.”

“Correct. I’m an only child. I think that’s the way my parents wanted it from the start.”

“They live here in Asheville?”

“Yes, about ten minutes away from me.”

“And where do you live?” he inquired.

“In the Shiloh Neighborhood. I have a one-bedroom apartment there.”

“You like it?”

She shrugged. “It’s okay. It’s a means to an end.”

“What end is that?”

“Owning a home one day and my own portrait studio. I’m a big dreamer. I make sacrifices now in hopes they’ll pay off later.”

“That’s good,” he said stretching his arms up, showing off his lean chest.

“Yeah…that…that is good,” Sherita stammered, temporarily sidetracked by muscles. She took a sip of water. She could hardly believe she was having an actual conversation with Desmond. There was no more soul mate silliness, or I-want-you psycho talk – just a normal conversation.

“So tell me about the man who broke your heart,” he said.

“What?”

“Tell me about him. You said you’d been played before.”

Sherita sighed, leaned back in her chair and stared up into the night sky. Just when the conversation was going well, he had to bring up something about relationships. But, instead of cowering, she said, “His name was Thane. I met him in college, dated for two years and while I’m thinking we’re going to get married after graduation, he was dating another girl while he was with me. I broke it off and he was unfazed, but I was hurt.”

“And after him?”

Sherita looked at Desmond. “There was no one after him.”

“No one?”

She shook her head. “No.”

“And how long ago did you end things with Thane?”

“Four years.”

“Wow. Four years.”

She nodded.

Desmond stared at her. He could see the hurt in the depths of her eyes. He could detect the moment she tried to muster up a smile, but failed miserably. This Thane person had broken her heart, and she apparently hadn’t recovered from it.

“I heard he was back in town.”

“Who? Your ex?”

“Yep. You know what really sucks?” she asked.

“What’s that?”

“He’s still friends with my parents.”

Desmond shook his head. “That doesn’t make much sense.”

“No, it doesn’t. It’s like he’s trying to keep a part of me in his life so he can come back whenever he wants.” Sherita exhaled sharply. “But enough about me. Let’s talk about you.”

He smiled. “I’m an open book, baby.”

She grinned. “No, you’re not.”

Desmond’s smile widened, revealing his perfect teeth. “Then tell me who I am, Sherita. Who is Desmond Champion?”

“Umm…you’re definitely not an open book, although you can be forthcoming and straightforward with certain things,” she said, thinking about how he confessed to her that he liked her. “You know what I find strange about you, and this is just from my interaction with you today.”

“What’s that?”

“You say you don’t want children, but you are so good with Grace and Ezra.”

He smirked. “That’s family. I love my family. I would fight to the death for them. All of them.”

Sherita smiled.

“See, I’m not the complete jerk you thought I was, right?”

She grinned. “No, you’re still a jerk.”

“Ouch.”

“I’m kidding,” she said, stretching her arms up in the air. “That’s too bad, though…that you don’t want babies. You’d be a great father.”

“Well, thank you for the compliment.”

“You’re welcome.”

“Do you want children?” he inquired.

“I do. I want marriage, children…love, happiness. Everything you don’t want, I want.”

“I figured as much.” A part of him felt disappointed that he couldn’t be the man to give her those things, but he’d been true to himself for this long. There was no need to change now. Although her smiles were potent enough to take him out of a sour mood, her scent left him spellbound and the slightest eye contact with her tightened his muscles, he had to stay true to himself.

“Have you ever been in love, Desmond?” she asked. Their eyes connected for a moment, then he looked away. Interesting. Desmond never looked away. He’d stare long enough for her to look away, but he never would.

“Desmond?”

There. There was his eyes, not that she wanted them on her, especially given the intensity of his focus. She was simply waiting for an answer to her question. From the looks of things, she wouldn’t be getting that answer. Desmond was just sitting there. Staring.

He’d lose himself in her eyes, only to find his gaze roaming every part of her face. Over the last year, he’d been learning self-control, but some things were more tempting than others. Like he told her to listen to her body, he was paying attention to his. However, unlike Sherita, he didn’t have sweaty palms, broken speech or the lack of eye contact. He had a clenched jaw, tight muscles, elevated heart rate and an intense craving for sugar. And it was all because of her. That irritated him. How could he let her so deep into his thoughts when he’d never let another woman there? If she could penetrate his mind, then she had a good shot at making a run for his heart. And he wasn’t having it.

“Desmond?”

Even the way her lips moved when she said his name had him daydreaming. That wasn’t good. That was the moment he knew he shouldn’t have agreed to this babysitting idea. He should’ve done what he had planned on doing – relax at home while catching up on some TV shows. And he should’ve kept on avoiding Sherita like he’d been doing for the past year. He had work to do, at The Champion Corporation and within himself, and none of it involved being overly concerned with the cares and affairs of a woman. Soul mate or not.

“Did you say something?” he finally asked.

“I asked you if you’ve ever been in love.”

He shook his head. “No.”

“No even once?”

“Not even once.”

“May I ask why?”

Desmond frowned. He was still figuring that out, so how was he going to tell her? “No, you may not.”

Sherita snapped her head back, surprised at his answer, and by the fact that he looked insulted she’d asked that particular question. “Oh. My bad. I wasn’t trying to pry.”

Desmond shook his head and stood up. He needed to find something sweet and fast. He walked away from the table without saying a word to Sherita.

“What…the?” she said out loud, watching him go inside of the house. Was he really upset? She got up, too, and went inside, searching for him. She found him standing in the foyer, threading his arms through the sleeves of his motorcycle jacket.

“Wait…are you leaving?” she asked.

He zipped up his jacket. “What does it look like?”

Sherita expelled a long breath. The man needed an attitude adjustment, big time. How does one go from talking and behaving normally to being an all-out jerk?

“Was it something I said?” she asked, completely confused. His insolence came out of left field. One minute, they were having a discussion and the next, he was preparing to leave the house with an apparent chip on his shoulder.

“No, not at all,” he said without bothering to look at her.

“Desmond, if I—”

“I said it’s nothing,” he said, raising his tone.

She crossed her arms. “Then why are you leaving?”

“Why are you asking me questions like I owe you an explanation?” He snatched his helmet from the table and headed towards the door. Turning the knob, he exited quickly, feeling Sherita on his heels. “I have plans, okay,” he snapped.

“You’re lying. You don’t have plans. What is it, Desmond? You can’t stand the thought of having a normal conversation with a woman?”

He turned around and looked at her, feeling his muscles tense. Why was she riding his back? If only she knew what she was doing to him. “I suggest you go back inside. I told you…I have plans.”

She grinned, shook her head then turned around to begin her walk back to the house. “Now who’s running?” she said in a monotone.

“What’d you say?” Desmond asked.

Sherita kept on walking, and something about that infuriated him.

He dropped his helmet, made a beeline for her, and before she could catch a breath, he grabbed her arm, spun her round and clamped his mouth onto hers, his hands resting against her face, taking a powerful, earth-quaking kiss from her lips – lips he’d dreamed of kissing. And then his hands crawled to the back of her head, gripping her tightly, controlling her every movement – allowing him to fully possess those lips, making her part them for him, giving him full access to every corner of her mouth.

A deep moan settled in his throat, similar to the strange humming sound he’d make when he ate anything sweet. But nothing, he knew, could be sweeter than this. He heard her whimper – heard the rapid breaths she’d attempted to take, but greed wouldn’t allow him to let go of her. No, not after he’d been dying to do this since he first realized how weak she’d made him. He would take all he could, because this would never happen again.

When he finally had his fill, he pulled his mouth away from hers and with his hands still gripping her head, he said, “This is why I have to leave, and this is why I can never see you again. Goodbye Sherita.”

Too stunned to say a word, she watched him return to his motorcycle, put on his helmet then drive away, listening as the motorcycle roared off into the night.





CHAPTER 7





Desmond woke up Saturday morning rubbing his eyes, still confused. What was happening to him? After he’d left in a hurry last night, he came home, took a shower and continued thinking about her. About the kiss. Thoughts of her invaded his dreams, forcing him to wake up twice, panting. Becoming reacquainted with her had been a mistake. Kissing her had been an even bigger one. He needed a distraction to take his mind off of her, and it needed to be something drastic.

He told his brothers he wanted to postpone his travels for a while, but a getaway is just what he needed. He was supposed to leave for New York on Monday, but had made arrangements for Kurt to go instead. Now, he would go. He would just let Dante know he had changed his mind.





* * *





“So how did it go last night?” Emily asked Sherita.

“Yeah, how did it go?” Melanie asked with bright, inquisitive eyes.

The women were having lunch at a restaurant a few miles away from Sherita’s apartment.

Sherita glanced up at them. They were both staring at her, anxious for an answer. How did it go? All she could think about was that kiss. After Desmond kissed her, she had to touch her lips to make sure they were still attached to her face. And then there was the fact that he told her he could never see her again. Emily and Melanie certainly didn’t need to know any of that. “What were you guys expecting to happen?” Sherita asked them.

“I don’t know,” Emily said. “One might say they were hoping you and Desmond hit it off.”

“Well, one might be wrong,” Sherita said. “And I’ve already had the Desmond conversation with you, Emily.”

“Yes, but I still want to know what happened,” Emily replied.

Sherita sighed heavily. “The evening started off rocky. As soon as you guys left, he was asking me what our baby plans were for the evening.”

“Baby plans or baby-making plans?” Melanie quipped. She, like everyone else, knew Desmond had a thing for Sherita.

“Ba-by plans,” Sherita clarified. “Later, we got into an argument…well, he said we were having a conversation…about the fact that he had been avoiding me for an entire year. We got some takeout, ate dinner together, and then he told me why he was avoiding me.”

Melanie leaned forward.

Emily’s eyes widened.

The women were listening acutely, waiting for Sherita to tell them what everyone had been puzzled about.

“Before I say a word more,” Sherita said, “Nothing leaves this table, not even to Dante and Dimitrius. Got it?”

“Yes, now spill it…what did he say?” Emily said.

“He said he’d been avoiding me because he liked me and—”

“And what?” Melanie asked.

Almost too ashamed to say it, Sherita said in a low tone, “He wanted me.”

“I knew it!” Emily shouted. “I knew he was infatuated with you.”

Melanie giggled. “I knew it, too. It was so obvious. I’m just surprised he admitted it. Dimitrius makes it seem like Desmond is some anti-relationship bachelor who’s incapable of loving a woman.”

“And Dimitrius would be right,” Sherita said. “Desmond proceeded to tell me that he was ignoring me because he couldn’t give me what I wanted. Said he didn’t want marriage, children or none of that. Said I wasn’t ready to be pursued by a man like him, so he stayed away from me more for my sake rather than for his own.”

Emily’s mouth fell open more than Melanie’s had.

“He actually said that?” Emily asked.

“Yes.”

“I mean, out loud,” Emily clarified. “He said that out loud?”

“Sure did. Some nerve right?”

“Wow. And I thought Dante was bold when he wanted to date me. Guess he didn’t have anything on Desmond.”

“I was thinking the same thing about Dimitrius,” Melanie said.

“Wait…it gets better,” Sherita said. “Even after all of that, we manage to squeeze out a somewhat decent conversation. I asked him where he lived…he asked me where I lived, and everything was going good until he got up from the table and practically ran out of the front door.”

“What?” Melanie asked, confused.

“You heard me.”

“He left while you two were talking?”

“Yep. He stood up, walked to the foyer and grabbed his helmet. So I followed him outside…asked him if it was something I said and all he said was, he had to go. I asked him why and he sort of snapped.”

“Snapped?” Emily and Melanie said together.

“Yeah. Snapped. He dropped his helmet and then he—” Sherita paused. She didn’t want to tell them about the kiss, but since it would never happen again, what was the big deal about keeping it a secret? “He kissed me.”

“He kissed you!” Emily and Melanie blurted out.

Sherita chuckled. “Okay, doublemint twins…y’all need to stop doing that.”

“Desmond kissed you, Sherita?” Emily asked.

“Yes. Then he told me he could never see me again, jumped on his motorcycle and sped off like a crazed psychopath fleeing a crime scene.”

Melanie laughed while Emily shook her head.

“Something is seriously wrong with him,” Sherita said, giggling a little herself. “And I don’t want to hear anything else from you or you about Desmond because, like he admitted, he’s not like Dante and Dimitrius. He likes his carefree lifestyle, and a woman can’t stand in the way of him and his success.” Sherita took a sip of mango daiquiri. “Now, how was the concert?”

“Girl,” Melanie said, “We had a great time. I didn’t realize how much I needed a break. I mean, I love my baby, but now I see how important it is for parents to get away every now and then.”

“I second that,” Emily said.

“Well, anytime you need a break, just call me,” Sherita said. “And let me just state, for the record, that I can watch them alone. I don’t need any help. None. What-so-ever!”

The women laughed together.

“Okay, Sherita,” Emily said. “We’ll keep that in mind.”





CHAPTER 8





After finding his luggage, Desmond waved down a taxi then went straight to his hotel. He’d be meeting with Bell-Butler Group, the parent company of over five-thousand temporary staffing agencies in North America. His plan was to pitch the new eRoll service The Champion Corporation had to offer since Bell-Butler had been among other companies on his watch list that couldn’t make the product rollout in Las Vegas. Landing this contract meant big business for TCC. If Bell-Butler Group signed a contract, surely more staffing agencies would follow suit. That was his plan – catch the big fish and the little fish would follow.

Once he arrived at his hotel, he left his suitcase by the door, took out his cell phone and dialed Dante. He walked over to the windows of his sixth floor room and stared down into the busy street, watching crowds of people flood the sidewalks. A sea of yellow taxi cabs blanketed the streets.

“Hey, Des. Are you there yet?” Dante asked.

“Just arrived at the hotel. I have about a thirty minutes to burn before they’re expecting me,” he said then bit into a jelly donut he’d grabbed from the lobby.

“I was a little surprised to hear you changed your mind about traveling. You knew Kurt could handle the pitch, right?”

“Of course. I don’t doubt his abilities. I just needed to go. You know me…I don’t like staying in the same place for too long.”

“Speaking of staying at the same place, how was it hanging out with Sherita Friday night?”

Desmond frowned. He came here to forget her and now Dante was bringing her up. “It was fine.”

“It was?”

Desmond could sense Dante’s frown even though he couldn’t see him. “Yes. Have you heard otherwise?” Desmond inquired.

“No. I haven’t heard a thing. The only reason I’m asking is because you had already left by the time we’d gotten back.”

“Oh, yeah…had to leave early to meet someone.”

“Oh.” But why would he be meeting someone when it was obvious he had it bad for Sherita? Well, it was obvious to him. He hadn’t known if anyone else had picked up on it, but he certainly had. “So did you and Sherita get a chance to talk?”

More Sherita questions… “A little.”

“And?”

His face twisted. “And what, Dante?”

“How was the conversation? Did you hit it off? What happened?”

“Nothing happened. What did you think was going to happen?”

Dante chuckled. “Man, Desmond, I don’t know who you think you’re fooling, but I know you’re feeling her.”

“I thought I was, too. Turns out, I don’t like her as much as I thought I did. Why do you think I came here, Dante? I told you last week I didn’t want to take this trip, but I had to get away from there, from her, and I would appreciate it if you and Dimitrius would stop pawning the girl off on me like she’s destined to be mine.”

“Des—”

“No, I’m serious. You married Emily. Dimitris married Melanie. Just because Sherita is the single friend of your wives does not make her next in line to marry me because that life isn’t for me.”

Dante released a heavy sigh. “Fine. I won’t mention her name again, but do me a favor, Des.”

“What’s that?”

“Don’t call me and don’t call Dimitrius when you want to find out if Sherita is going to be at a particular event. If you don’t like her, then you have no reason to avoid her. It’s not like she’s stalking you or anything.”

“Not a problem. Later.” Desmond hung up the phone and scrubbed his hand over his head. Sherita strikes again…

Now she was causing problems between him and his brothers. He had good relationships with his brothers – personal and work. They were close and the only time they got into heated discussions was when something came up that concerned the business. Sherita wasn’t included in that, yet she seemed to be driving a wedge between them. He had to get her out of his system, and he knew what kind of distraction he needed to do just that.





* * *





After eating a small salad for dinner, Sherita showered and was about to recline on the sofa when she heard her cell phone ringing. She picked it up from the coffee table and saw the caller – her mother.

“Hey, Ma,” she answered.

“Hey, Rita. How are you, sweetie?”

“I’m fine…been busy with work. Are you okay?”

“I’m doing good. Your father is okay, too. I was just calling to tell you that Thane stopped by. He was asking about you.”

No, no, no, no, no! “Mom, you do realize Thane and I broke up like three years ago, and I haven’t seen him since.”

“Yes, but I told you Thane would come around. He loves you, Rita. And you should see him now, honey. That boy done filled out into a good-looking young man. He told your father he started his own law firm right here in Asheville. Now you know he didn’t come back here just to start a business, sweetie. He came back for you, Rita.”

“Well, that’s too bad, because I don’t want anything to do with Thane. Why don’t you tell him that the next time he decides to drop in?”

“Come on now, baby. You both were young back then. People change, you know.”

“People don’t change, Ma. They just get old.”

Her mother laughed. “Well, with age comes wisdom, right?”

“In some cases…definitely not all.”

“Look-a here, Rita. Your father and I want you to be happy. Don’t you want to get married?”

“Of course I do, but not to Thane Pennington.”

“Right now, he seems to be your only prospect.”

“Wow. Umm…Ma, I’m not having this conversation with you, okay.”

“Look, now you gettin’ upset and I’m just trying to talk to you, Rita. I want you to be happy.”

“I am happy. I don’t need a man to be happy. I’m fine. Now listen…I have to go, but tell dad I’ll have some money for him soon, okay.”

Her mother sighed. “All right. Well, have a good night. I love you.”

“I love you too, Ma. Goodnight.”

Sherita sighed sharply then dropped her phone to table. Now she had the man on her mind.

Thane Pennington.

He had some nerve, still keeping in contact with her parents to stay in their favor, just so he could get to her. And to think when he had her, he didn’t want her. She remembered when her college buddies used to tell her he wasn’t any good. Said they’d seen him with several women. Not one. Not two. Several. Still, Sherita defended him. She said Thane came from a good family. She knew his parents. His mother was a teacher, and Thane had followed in the footsteps of his father and had become a lawyer. Then she learned the hard way that just because a person comes from a good family doesn’t mean they themselves are good.

Sherita shook her head, grabbed the remote and powered on the TV. Her phone beeped when she sat back on the couch.

“Who is it now?” she griped.

Sitting up again, she took her phone and fingered over to the text messages where she saw one from a strange number. All it said was:





Hey you. I’ve been thinking about us.





-T.P.





Thane Pennington. Her forehead creased. “No they did not give this fool my cell phone number.” Her mother, or it could’ve been her father, had given Thane her number. Sherita dropped the phone on the table and began massaging her temples. Between dealing with Desmond, Thane and some desperate parents who wanted their only child to marry, it was shaping up to be a long summer.





CHAPTER 9





Desmond was feeling more like himself this evening. He’d been sitting at the bar, on the ground floor of his hotel, still in the fly suit he’d worn earlier when he pitched eRoll to Bell-Butler Group. The meeting had been successful as all of his meetings were. He excelled in his field, so much so that lately, he’d been requested by other companies to help spearhead their marketing campaigns. While he would accept a few projects here and there, his loyalty was to The Champion Corporation.

“So what line of work are you in, Desmond?” Audrey asked.

Desmond took a tight-lipped sip of the Cognac he’d been slowly drinking for the last ten minutes, about as long as he had been talking to Audrey. He noticed her the moment she walked in, wearing a black dress that hugged her hips with a pair of royal blue stilettos. And he was sure she noticed him. Every woman in the joint noticed him whether they were with a man or not.

Still, he didn’t made eye contact with anyone. He was sitting alone, thumbing through his phone, checking emails from work. He would be in New York for the rest of the week, hoping he’d get the green light from Bell-Butler. It would be ideal if he could meet with them once more before leaving for Asheville.

While he had been immersed in his phone, the good-looking woman introduced herself after taking the barstool next to him. And he’d introduced himself to her. The old Desmond was back.

“I’m in marketing,” he told her. “You?”

“Publishing. I’m an editor.”

“That’s tedious work,” he said, taking a sip.

She chuckled. “That’s why I’m at the bar.”

“Can I get you a drink?”

“A gin and tonic would be nice.”

Desmond threw up two fingers, motioning for the bartender, ordering her drink.

“Thank you, Desmond.”

“No problem.”

“Where are you from?” she inquired.

“Originally from San Francisco but now I live in Asheville, North Carolina.”

“I’ve never been to North Carolina.”

“Really?”

“Not at all, but I heard it was nice. As a matter of fact, I heard the Obamas wanted to live there after they leave the White House.”

Desmond nodded. “Yeah, it’s pretty nice. I have no complaints.”

“How long are you in New York?”

“Not sure. Maybe another day or two.”

“Aw, that’s too bad,” she said with pouty, burgundy lips, turning to face him while crossing her legs. “We don’t have any time to get to know each other.”

Get to know each other...

He knew what that meant. He also knew by her body language she was down for whatever he would throw at her. A simple gin and tonic wouldn’t be enough to quench her thirst. A lot of women wanted him for his looks. Many wanted him for his money. He was aware of that, and so he’d oblige as long as he could get what he wanted in return.

And then that lifestyle didn’t seem too thrilling any longer. Woman-free, he’d spent a year figuring out what he wanted. He wanted something deeper. He longed to meet a woman who could not care less about his tax bracket. His muscles. His eyes. His strength. Stamina. He knew that woman was Sherita, but the kiss he stole from her the other night had sent him running.

If he could revert back to his old ways, he could forget about Sherita. So, turning to Audrey, he said smoothly, “We could go up to my room if you’re cool with that.”

She smiled. “Let’s go.”

Distraction. He needed one and he got it from a woman he barely knew named Audrey. Side-by-side they’d walked to the elevator, and when they stepped inside, she reached for his necktie. She’d been flirtatious from jump, but even though she was a distraction, he still had images of only one woman in his head.

He could see the joy in her eyes when she took pictures of Ezra and Grace. The light wind tackling her hair. And speaking of hair, he still remembered the way it smelled – like sweet fruit when he’d stood behind her in line at the coffee shop. And when his hands brushed against her arm, he remembered how smooth her arm felt. When he leaned in close to her while they took pictures, her face was warm. Soft. He felt her tremble just by the sensation of them being skin-to-skin. Then there was the kiss they shared. His heart had never pounded so fiercely before. He’d never kissed a woman the way he kissed her, practically devouring her right there in his brother’s front yard. The more he heard her moan, the more he wanted her to produce those sweet sounds.

The ding of the elevator took him out of his trance. His mind was so wrapped up with Sherita, he had forgotten he was in the elevator with Audrey, but when he felt her reach for his hand, he snatched it away, looked at her and said, “It was nice to meet you, Audrey, but I have to go.”

Dejected, she said, “Is something wrong?”

“It’s business…something I neglected to do earlier.”

“Is it something I can help you with?”

“Thanks, but no. It’s just a small fire I need to put out before it becomes a raging inferno,” he said.

“Okay, well thanks for the drink.”

“You’re welcome,” he said, and after watching her step back inside of the elevator, he continued down the hallway to his room, mumbling disappointment at the realization of what was happening to him. Sherita wasn’t even here, and the thought of her was doing a number on him. Making him feel things he didn’t want to feel. Would it ever stop?

In his room, he undressed quickly, stepping under a stream of lukewarm water, attempting to put out the fire he’d just told Audrey about. Unfortunately, it didn’t seem to be working. He could still feel the heat of Sherita’s lips against his. Her face against his. Out of frustration, he slapped the tiled wall and shut off the water. He didn’t like this not one bit. No woman could have this kind of control over his mind. He was determined to get her out of his head, one way or another.





CHAPTER 10





The next morning, Desmond sat up with a frown on his face, reluctant to start the day with thoughts of the woman he’d dreamed about. Again. Did he want her that bad? So much so she would invade his thoughts and dreams every time he closed his eyes?

He yawned. Stretched. Glanced at the clock. He quickly looked at it again, not believing it was almost noon. He’d overslept. He didn’t have anything on the schedule today, but he didn’t want to sleep in either. Extra sleep was a waste of valuable time. There was always something to do, even if it was something as simple as updating his calendar or planning his next business trip.

First, he needed to check his messages. Taking his cell phone from the nightstand, he noticed several urgent text messages from Dante. Then again, everything was urgent to Dante. As CEO of The Champion Corporation, his oldest brother made sure to stay on top of everything. Since Desmond hadn’t called to give him an update on Bell-Butler, he was certain that was the reason for Dante’s text messages.

Dimitrius had tried calling, too but didn’t bother leaving a voicemail or a text.

Sitting on the edge of the bed now, Desmond dialed Dante’s desk phone. Dante rarely took lunch breaks, so Desmond was sure he’d be in his office.

“Desmond, where have you been, man,” Dante answered with irritation in his voice.

“I was sleeping. What’s so urgent, Dante?”

“I need you on the next flight to Asheville.”

“Why? What’s going on?” Desmond asked. He stood up and walked over to the windows in the gray boxers he was wearing.

“Let’s just say I got an interesting visit from Victor Westwood yesterday.”

“He actually came by there?”

“He did, so get dressed, get on a flight and get here as fast as you can.”

“And what about Bell-Butler?”

“We’ll worry about them if and when they contact us. If need be, Kurt can take over this account. Right now, I need you here, bro.”

“Got it,” Desmond said. “Let me throw on some clothes, and I’ll head straight for the airport.”

“Thanks, Des. Later.”

Desmond set the phone back onto the nightstand and blew a frustrated breath. It was only Tuesday, and he was already going back to Asheville. So much for his plan of getting Sherita out of his system.





* * *





Sherita had been home all day today, frustrated with the process of uploading pictures to her website’s portfolio page. If she was going to make photography her only occupation, then she needed to make money at it – enough to support herself and take care of her parents. Her father had gotten laid off two years before retirement age, and her mother never had a job. Now, all the money they had to live off of was the money her father made working odd jobs and the money she would give them.

Frustrated, she took a break from her computer to stretch. After taking a bottle of water from the refrigerator, she stepped out onto the balcony and marveled at how beautiful the day was turning out to be. Low-eighties. Bright sky. The laughter of children filled the streets and something she hadn’t thought about in a long time had floated its way inside of her mind. Her happily ever after…

Her closest friends had already married and started their lives with good, solid men. And there she was, still single. Normally, she wouldn’t think about things like this but thanks to her mother, Thane had been on her mind. And then her mother said Thane might be her last chance at happiness. How could she be happy with a conniving, serial cheater? How could a relationship work when one party didn’t trust the other? She definitely didn’t trust Thane. He’d broken her heart once. He wouldn’t do it again.

Walking back inside, she picked up her cell to call Emily when she saw another text from Thane:





We need to talk. I’m thinking about one day next week. Let me know what day is good for you.





-T. P.





Just go away already. She shook her head and continued with dialing Emily’s number.

“Hey, girl,” answered.

“Hey. Are you at the store today?”

“I am.”

“Would it be too much trouble if I came over? I need to talk to you about something.”

“You know you don’t have to ask to come and see me, Sherita. Come on over, girl.”

Sherita smiled. “Okay. I’ll be there shortly. Thanks, Em.”

“All right. See you in a minute.”





CHAPTER 11





“Hey, Rita,” Emily said, looking at Sherita as she quietly walked in her office.

Sherita sat down, burying her face in her hands.

Emily immediately jumped up and stooped down in front of her. “Sherita, what’s wrong?”

“I…I don’t even know where to begin,” she said tearfully. Honestly. She sniffled and after removing her hands from her face, more tears rolled out of her eyes.

Emily grabbed a box of Kleenex from her desk, then was right back in front of Sherita, attempting to comfort her. “Rita, talk to me. What’s bothering you?”

Sherita shook her head. “Gosh, I can’t believe I’m actually crying. I’m so stupid.”

“No, you’re not stupid, you’re human, now talk to me.”

Sherita dabbed her eyes. “I was home alone thinking about how almost everyone I know is either married or getting married, and I’m still single and I’ve been single for four years. Four years, Emily.”

“Oh no, Sherita. Did our conversation on Friday bring this on? If it did, I am so sorry.”

“No, well that was a part of it. Then, yesterday, I got a phone call from my mother, telling me that Thane was in town. She proceeds to tell me he has changed, and I should date him again because I didn’t have any other prospects.” Sherita dabbed her eyes. “I must be a total loser if my own mother thinks I can’t get a man.”

“You know that’s not true, Sherita.”

“I do…still I don’t want to hear it, especially when I feel like I’m the woman no one wants.”

“Rita, there’s somebody for everybody, and like you said, you’re only twenty-six.”

“According to my mother, I’m twenty-six with no prospects. It’s like she was telling me to go ahead and get back with Thane because he was my only hope.”

“Nonsense.”

“That’s what I thought initially, but what if my mom is right?” she said in a teary whimper. “Maybe I should just get back with Thane, marry him and have his babies. At least then, I can fit in with you and Melanie again.”

“Sherita, now you’re talking crazy.”

“No, I’m not. I see how you two have moved on with your fabulous lives, and don’t get me wrong Emily. I’m happy for you both. I just don’t know why a man has never wanted me that way…so much so that he’d go through great lengths to get me like Dante did to get you. And you have Ezra…you have your family. Pretty soon, more babies will come and then your lives will totally revolve around your family…not your single friend who just can’t seem to get or keep a man.”

Emily sighed and dabbed her eyes. “Sherita, I try to include you in almost everything we do.”

“I know, because you don’t want me to be left out. I get it, but you shouldn’t have to do that, Emily. As a matter of fact, don’t do it anymore, okay.”

“Sherita—”

“No, I’m serious. I don’t think I’m going to be here much longer, anyway.”

“What are you saying?” Emily asked, paling slightly. “You’re moving?”

“I’ve been thinking about it.”

Emily swallowed hard and failed to catch the tear that slid out of her eye. With a shaky, trembling voice, she said, “I know this is selfish of me to ask, but what about Ezra? What about Grace? What about me? You’re like a sister to me, Sherita. I don’t want you to go.”

“I know, but—” Sherita took a breath. “There are more job offers for me near the coast, and it would help a lot if I lived there already...” Sherita sighed. “Listen, I’m going to go. I’m sorry I upset you. I didn’t mean to. I just wanted to talk…to get some things off of my chest.”

Emily stood up.

Sherita joined her. “Well, thanks for listening.”

“This isn’t over. I’m coming by your place when I close the boutique.”

Sherita shook her head. “No. You don’t have to. You have to get home to Ezra, and when you do, give him a kiss for me. Okay?”

“I’m coming over, Sherita,” Emily said, taking a step closer to her friend, pulling her into an embrace. “And listen…I don’t care what your mother says…if you don’t want to be with Thane, or whatever his name is, then don’t settle for something you don’t want. What kind of name is Thane anyway?”

The women laughed together, teary-eyed and all.

Sherita dabbed her eyes again and said, “I’m a mess. Let me get out of here.”

“Okay, and don’t forget…I’m coming over.”

If Emily said she was coming over, then she was coming over. She’d always been a loyal friend, something Sherita appreciated about her. So instead of offering up any defiance, Sherita shot a half smile, then headed for the door, leaving the boutique.





CHAPTER 12





Dante paced the floor with his hands buried in the pockets of his pants, waiting for Desmond. It was already six in the evening. He should’ve been there by now. What was the hold up?

Dimitrius called Melanie to inform her that he was still at the office, waiting for Desmond to arrive.

Dante left a message for Emily since he couldn’t reach her. Then he called the nanny to check on Ezra.

Dimitrius looked at his watch. “Dante, maybe we should just do this tomorrow morning…start fresh on Wednesday with a clean slate. You know how moody Desmond gets after traveling.”

Dante smirked. “Desmond has been moody a lot lately, but I doubt it has anything to do with travel.”

“Oh, yeah…Sherita.” Dimitrius grinned.

Dante thought quietly for a moment, then said, “Our brother has some deeply rooted issues he needs to resolve, and he’s going to need our help. So we’ll just have to suffer through his mood swings for now. This is too important to wait until tomorrow. He needs to hear this now.”

“Hear what?” Desmond said, stepping into Dante’s office, taking a seat next to Dimitrius.

“You’re here. Finally.” Dimitrius scowled.

“Slight flight delay,” Desmond responded. “Now what’s going on so I can get out of here? I’m ready to crash.”

“Well,” Dante said, walking over to the door, closing it. Even though the workday ended at five, there was a good amount of people who hung around until six, and he needed to keep this information strictly confidential. “So, as I told you both already, I met with Victor Westwood yesterday.”

Dimitrius nodded silently while Desmond sat expressionless.

Dante sat in a chair, not behind his desk, but near his brothers. He took a good look at Desmond, studying him for a moment. He looked tired as he should’ve been after back-to-back flights, only to have to come straight to the office at six in the evening. Dante leaned forward, resting his elbows on his thighs and interlocking his fingers. “Before I go any further into that, I have a question for you, Des.”

“Shoot.”

“Were you at a park on Friday evening?”

With a clenched jaw, Desmond asked, “What does that have to do with the business at hand, Dante?”

“It has everything to do with this business proposition which Victor is pretty much handing to us.”

“How so?”

“Victor thinks he saw you at a park Friday evening. Now, I told him he must’ve been mistaken because I knew you were at my house Friday evening watching the kids, but he claims he saw you, or someone who looks like you, at a park taking family photos.”

“I was at a park on Friday,” Desmond admitted, clearing up the matter. “Carrier Park. What that has to do with Victor is beyond me.”

A look of confusion washed over Dante’s face. “So you were at a park on Friday?” he asked, one eyebrow raised.

“Affirmative,” Desmond said.

Dimitrius scratched his head with a pen. “But you were supposed to be watching the kids Friday, right?”

“I was watching the kids...”

“Then what? You took a break and went to the park?” Dante asked.

Desmond nodded. “Something like that.”

Furrowing his brows, Dante asked, “With who?”

“With…” Desmond paused. Gosh, he had to say her name again. “Who do you think? I was with Sherita. She wanted to surprise your wives by taking some pictures of the Ezra and Grace at the park. Victor must’ve seen us, and the old, disorientated man just assumed we were a family. I told you we shouldn’t work with this guy, Dante. Why would he just assume I was with my family?”

“If I saw you at the park with a woman and two kids taking pictures, I would probably assume same thing,” Dimitrius said.

“Well nobody asked you, Dimitrius,” Desmond responded.

“Nobody had to ask,” Dimitrius fired back. “I’m making a statement. And what’s gotten you all bent out of shape anyway? Women problems?”

Desmond glared at Dimitrius. Then, refocusing, he asked, “Dante, are we done here?”

Dante stood up. “No, we’re not done.”

Dimitrius leaned back in his chair. “Come on, Dante. You’ve kept us in the dark long enough. Now what is Victor pitching to you?”

Sighing deeply, Dante sat on the edge of his desk, crossing his arms. “Okay, listen…Victor wants us for his new project. He’s launching a company called Service Swap, and yes, it’s exactly what it sounds like. It’ll be a new website where people can swap services. No money will be exchanged between them, but the site will charge a yearly membership fee. He wants us to design the website and a smartphone application.”

And why am I here again? Desmond wasn’t a designer, nor did he create smartphone applications. He had vast computer knowledge, even assisted with creating the company’s website. Still, his job was marketing. He had the ability to make people want things they really didn’t need. “So what does that have to do with me?” he finally asked.

“Victor wants you to lay out an eight-week marketing campaign,” Dante told him. “But your little photo shoot has us in a bind.”

“How’s that?” Desmond asked, feeling his irritation grow deeper.

“The only reason the old man wants to work with us is because he thinks we’re all married. All of us,” Dante said, looking at Desmond. “Marriage is a sign of stability to people like Victor. Now, he wants to do dinner with us and our wives to get a feel for our personalities, and therein lies the problem. If he finds out you’re still single, Desmond, he’s probably going to back out of the deal altogether.”

“Then let him back out,” Desmond said, heated. “It’ll be his loss. My marital status doesn’t affect my ability to perform my job. I can’t believe you’re actually worried about it, Dante. If Victor doesn’t want to work with me because I’m single, then he can take his old money and bounce.”

“Wait, hold on, Des,” Dimitrius said. “Old money spends just like new money. We don’t even know how much Victor is offering. Care to enlighten us, Dante?”

“Fifty-million. That’s double of what I thought his offer might be.”

Desmond sighed and rubbed his head, knowing that, as a business, they couldn’t turn down fifty-million dollars. It would be a foolish move to do so. He buried his face in his hands, thought for a moment and asked, “Now what?”

“Now we have to come up with a plan to present you as a married man,” Dante said. “And I hate to do this to you, Des, but I’ve been running through all scenarios in my head and the only thing I can come up with is you and Sherita somehow getting together—”

“Not going to happen.”

“Listen, Des,” Dante said. “I realize you don’t like her, but—”

“You don’t like her?” Dimitrius asked, cocking his head to the side. “What’s not to like about Sherita? She’s great.”

Desmond narrowed his eyes at Dimitrius.

“Des, we can’t walk away from fifty-million dollars,” Dante said.

Desmond shook his head. “Then what are you suggesting I do, Dante? Have dinner with Victor and have Sherita tag along as my fake wife?”

“No. I need you to have dinner with Victor and have Sherita tag along as your real wife.”

Desmond flashed stone, cold eyes at Dante, along with a frown that could frighten a bear. “What?”

“A business man like Victor is very thorough. If he finds out you’re not really married, he’s liable to walk away from the entire deal. I know this is asinine, and you’re right…your marital status shouldn’t matter, but to him it does, and he’s the one with the money.”

Desmond shook his head in disappointment. A fifty-million dollar profit was on the line, and he didn’t want to be the reason why The Champion Corporation couldn’t get their hands on this money. “So let me make sure I understand this. You’re asking me to marry Sherita so Victor can think we’re a real couple.”

“Not only that, Des, but you will have to get to know her a little. I know the old man is going to want to know how you met. He wants to see you interact with her. He wants to see Dimitrius and I interact with our wives. He needs to see genuine couples in love.”

“I don’t care what he wants. This is beyond ridiculous,” Desmond hissed.

“I’m aware of that, but unfortunately, this is where we’re at,” Dante responded.

“And how long are we talking here?” Desmond asked.

“At least five months, and I think it would be best if Sherita lives with you during that time.”

Desmond’s jaw tightened. He’d never allowed a woman inside of his five-bedroom home before, and the thought of one being there, taking up space in the square footage he owned irritated him. “No way.”

“Come on, Des,” Dimitrius said. “Man, you live in a fifty-five hundred square feet house alone. You wouldn’t even know Sherita was there. Just give her a bedroom. Better yet, didn’t you convert your basement into a studio apartment?”

Incensed, Desmond said, “Yeah, Dimitrius. I did, but not for a fake wife to move in. Look, Dante, this simply is not going to work. Even if I did agree to this insidious plan, Sherita won’t agree to it. Our dislike of each other is mutual.”

Dante hid a smirk.

“And why do you not like her again?” Dimitrius asked. “Did something happen Friday night?”

“No. Nothing happened.”

“So why’d you leave early?” Dante inquired again. He’d already asked his brother the question one time before but had been unsatisfied with his answer.

“Had plans,” Desmond said. “Look, I’m sorry to disappoint you both, and I hate that we have to miss out on this money, but—”

“It’ll happen,” Dante told him. “I’ll get Sherita on board. First, I need to know you’re in, Desmond.”

Desmond stood up and interlocked his fingers behind his head. Only he could have this kind of luck. One minute he’s in New York to get away from Sherita and the next, he was worried about having to share his home with her. How would he be able to share the same space with a woman whom he was trying his best to stay away from? After spending a few hours with her on Friday and observing how she handled the children, he’d been impressed. Then there was the matter of him not being able to take his eyes off of her, and barely his lips after the ground-shaking kiss they’d shared.

Dropping his hands, Desmond asked, “Are you sure there’s no way around this. I mean, there has to be something we can do. Maybe we can all sit down and talk to Victor together.”

“Do you really think we should risk doing something like that, Des?” Dimitrius asked. “This is an internal matter, and it needs to be handled internally.”

“Dimitrius is right,” Dante added. “There’s no need to involve the client to settle our issues. Now I need to know if you’re willing to do this or not?”

Frowning, Desmond said, “I guess I have to be. Don’t let anything hold you back from getting what you want…that’s the Champion way, right?” Angrily, he headed for the door, slamming it after he’d exited the office. He’d seen the sacrifices his brothers had made for the company and now, it was his turn to show his loyalty. No matter how bitter the taste in the back of his throat, he had to swallow it. It’s not like he couldn’t handle Sherita. She was practically putty in his hands.





When he was certain Desmond was gone, Dante looked at Dimitrius and asked, “You think he bought it?”

Dimitrius looked up at Dante. “What are you talking about?”

Dante had a good chuckle then said, “Did you see the look on his face? I don’t think I’ve ever seen him so angry.”

“What did you do, Dante?”

“I did my little brother a favor…that’s what I did. Victor doesn’t care about Desmond’s marital status. He told me he saw Desmond at the park with his wife and kids and I knew, right away Victor was talking about Sherita and our kids. So instead of clarifying the situation, I left it like it was…left Victor assuming Desmond was married.”

“That’s dirty, Dante.”

“Dirty but necessary. Desmond can front all he wants…you and I both know he got a thing for Sherita. And she’s a good woman. She’s perfect for him.”

“Yeah, man, but you heard him. He said they had a mutual dislike of each other. Why put them under the same roof?”

“Because that’s the only way they will get together. Trust me on this.”

Dimitrius shook his head. “I don’t know. Something isn’t right about this. Think about it…he wasn’t even there when we came back from the concert Friday night. Something must’ve went down between them.”

“No worries. I’ll find out exactly what happened when I talk to Sherita.”

“And you really think Sherita is going to go along with this plan to go through with a legal marriage to Desmond?”

“She will. I’ll convince her to give it a shot. I have a hunch she likes Desmond as much as he likes her, and quite frankly, I’m tired of seeing them play these games. You saw how he was looking at her at your wedding, remember?”

“Oh, yeah. I remember that.”

“Desmond can pretend he doesn’t want marriage and kids and all that, but I’m telling you…it’s an act. He wants those things. You thought you didn’t want to get married and now, look how happy you and Melanie are. And now you have little Grace…she’s breathtaking.”

“And Desmond loves her as if she was his own daughter. Whenever he comes over, his eyes are stalking the house, looking for Grace.”

Dante nodded.

Dimitrius continued, “And, sometimes, he shows up out of the blue to see her. For a man who doesn’t want children, he sure loves my daughter.” Dimitrius grinned.

“Yep. Now it’s time for him to have one of his own.”





CHAPTER 13





Sherita had just made a cup of green tea when she heard knocks at her door. She wasn’t expecting anyone else tonight. Emily had just left about thirty minutes ago. Had she come back? Did she forget something? She scanned the living room. She hadn’t seen anything Emily could’ve left. Then again, maybe it wasn’t Emily.

Sherita walked up to the door, peered through the peephole and saw Dante standing there. She frowned. Dante? What are you doing here? He’d never been by her apartment before, not even with Emily, but now he was here, alone, suited up like he’d just left the office. She glanced at her watch. It was a few minutes after eight.

Opening the door, trying to hide her disbelief, she said, “Hey, Dante.”

“Hi, Sherita. Forgive me for showing up like this, but I was wondering if I could talk to you for a minute.”

“Oh, umm…sure. Come on in,” she said, stepping aside watching him walk inside of her living room. He made her living space look small with his tall stature and build.

“I just made some tea,” she said after watching him sit on the sofa. “Want some?”

“Sure. I’ll take a cup.”

Sherita hurried back to the kitchen, poured Dante a cup of tea and was right back in the living room where he was sitting. “Here you go,” she said, stepping back into the living room, placing the cup on the coffee table in front of him. She joined him on the couch.

“How was your day?” Dante asked her.

Miserable. “It was okay…Emily just left here about a half hour ago.”

“Oh, really?”

“Yeah. We were just chatting about things. Women things. And now, you’re here. What brings you by my humble abode?”

Dante shot her a half smile. He, too, realized this was the first time he’d ever visited her apartment. “Well, I’ve found myself in a bind, and I need your help to get out of it.”

“My…you need my help?” Sherita asked, confused. She had no ties to The Champion Corporation. Why would he need her help?

“Yes. I need your help. We have a multi-million dollar deal on the table and it all hinges upon Desmond.”

Sherita snapped her head back. “And what does that have to do with me?”

“Well, the client we’re partnering with on this project is one of those old-school guys…you know…he likes to do business with stable, family businessmen. I think he’s been married for over twenty-five years, and he views marriage as stability.”

“And what does that have to do with me, again?” she asked in an uncertain, uneven tone.

Dante caught her gaze and smiled. In his opinion, Sherita was perfect for Desmond. And it’s not like he was playing matchmaker. Desmond already expressed interest in her. He was just helping him along the way, thereby helping her. “Wait…let me pause for a moment and ask this…what happened between you and Desmond Friday night?”

“As soon as you guys left, we got into a rocky conversation, then later we went to a park. After that, we came back to your house, fed the babies, ate dinner…argued…I went to sit on the deck to relax…he came out there, and we actually had a nice conversation for a change. Then, out of nowhere, he gets up from the table and heads out the front door. We argued more right before he threw on his helmet and took off.”

“Just out of the blue?”

“Yeah. Pretty much.”

“What were you guys talking about? Do you remember?”

“Umm…right before he stood up and walked away, I had asked him why he’d never been in love.”

“Oh. I see.” Dante thought about it for a moment. He hadn’t thought about it before, but he couldn’t recall an instance where Desmond had ever been locked down with a woman. Had Desmond really never been in love? “Well, here’s the situation. If the deal is going to go through, we need Desmond to be married.”

“What?” she asked frowning.

“And since this businessman in question saw you and Desmond together at a park on Friday, he assumed you were Desmond’s wife, and I’m convinced it’s the only reason we got the contract. Therefore, I need you to agree to marry Desmond.”

Sherita stared at Dante as if he was speaking another language, one in which she couldn’t decipher. “You have got to be kidding me, Dante.”

“Actually, I’m not.”

She shook her head. “Well, I’m sorry, but there’s no way I’m going to marry Desmond. No…way.”

“Sherita—”

“No, Dante. I can’t, and please don’t try to convince me otherwise. Desmond has some serious issues, and I have enough problems in my own life to have to put up with him. I can’t.”

Dante sighed heavily. “Sherita, we’re talking fifty-million dollars here. Do you know what that kind of money will do for The Champion Corporation? I know Desmond can be difficult—”

“Difficult? That’s not a strong enough word to describe Desmond.”

Dante sighed. “You’re right, but we need this to happen.”

Sherita shook her head.

“I’ll even pay you.”

“Pay me?” she asked.

“Yes. I’m thinking a million dollars should suffice.”

“A million dollars,” she said, taken aback at his generous offer. “Dante, I’m not taking any money from you. You are like a brother to me. Emily is one of my best friends…you guys are family to me.”

“Then what do you want? What will it take for you to say yes to this?”

Sherita thought about it for a moment. What did she have to lose by helping her friend’s husband out of a bind? If the tables were turned, Emily would surely do it for her. “Did you already talk to Desmond about this?”

“I did. He’s on board as long as you are.”

Sherita dropped her head and after burying her face in her hands, she said, “I’m sure I’ll regret this, but I’ll do it.”

Ecstatic, Dante leaned over and gave her a hug. “Thank you, Sherita! I really appreciate this.”

“So, what do we need to do to get this done?”

“We’ll discuss it tomorrow over dinner at my house. I have to make the family aware of what’s going on, so they’ll all be there. Then we’ll lay out the details for you and Desmond.”

“Okay. What time tomorrow?”

“About 6:30 p.m. In the meantime, if you could jot down a few things about yourself that Desmond doesn’t already know, that would be great.”

“What kind of things?” she inquired.

“You know…things that someone you’re just meeting might ask over dinner, like where you guys met…how long you’ve been married…that sort of thing. Oh, and by the way, we’re going to say you’ve been married for two years, so keep that in mind.”

“Two years. Got it.”

“I have to run,” Dante said standing, “But I’ll see you tomorrow.”

“Okay, Dante. See you tomorrow.”

Sherita shook her head. What did she just agree to? How long was this marriage supposed to last? And would she have to live with Desmond? The thought of it gave her a nervous, unsettling feeling in the pit if her stomach.





CHAPTER 14





The following evening, the family met at Dante’s house for dinner. While everyone was assembling around the table, Emily brought over the food. Sherita asked her if she needed help, but she insisted she didn’t.

Sherita interlocked her fingers. Her legs bounced up and down underneath the table. Desmond had not yet arrived, and she was hoping he wouldn’t show up at all. She sighed quietly. The babies were sleeping, so she couldn’t use them as a distraction for her nervousness. So, taking out her cell phone, she saw a voicemail from her mother. She pressed play, then held the phone up to her ear:





Sherita, Thane tells me he’s been trying to reach you, honey. Why don’t you give the man a call? I’ll talk to you soon.





She felt numb. Moving away from Asheville was becoming more and more appealing. After this marriage nonsense was over, she would do just that. Leave.

“Where’s Desmond?” Melanie asked Dimitrius quietly, but loud enough for Sherita to hear her.

Dimitrius shrugged. “Not sure.”

“Okay, I think that is everything,” Emily said, standing by the table, scanning the food she’d placed there.

“Smells good, baby,” Dante told her.

Emily glanced at him and smiled. Then she leaned down and left a kiss on his cheek.

“Smells like I got here right on time,” Desmond said as he walked into the dining room.

Sherita didn’t want to look up, but his voice had commanded her attention. So, she slid her cell phone back inside of her purse then looked up at him, swallowing the lump in her throat. The man was so fine, he made her squint. Made her body lock up. She didn’t know it was possible for him to look any better, but every time she saw him, it seemed he did. With his five o’clock shadow on deck, he sauntered into the room wearing a white short-sleeve Polo, displaying his muscular arms and a pair of dark-wash jeans.

Sherita’s eyes shifted to the expensive-looking watch on his wrist that had her noticing the hair on his arms and his large hands – hands that looked like they could crush an aluminum can with hardly any effort. Yet, she remembered those same hands resting against her face while he kissed her. The memory flooded her mind and made her body shiver.

“Good evening, everybody,” Desmond said, taking the seat across the table from Sherita.

“Good evening, Desmond,” Melanie said.

“How are you doing today Desmond?” Emily asked her temperamental brother-in-law.

“Doing good,” he answered.

Sherita didn’t say a word.

Desmond was well aware that Sherita hadn’t spoken. Unfazed, he reached for the basket of croissants.

“Didn’t think you were going to make it, Des,” Dimitrius said.

“Had to take care of some business,” Desmond said, then smirked. He was trying to imply that he was with a woman just to keep up the appearance of a supposed bachelor lifestyle he’d been telling his brothers about. In actuality, what taking care of business really meant was stopping by a jewelry store where he purchased a wedding ring – a rare, yellow-diamond platinum ring that had set him back eighty-two thousand dollars. If he had to marry the girl, then he had to make sure her ring was comparable to the ring a Champion man would buy for his wife if this was the real thing. When the marriage was over, he’d get it back.

Sherita felt her stomach turn sour. How was she going to do this? She couldn’t even sit across from the man without feeling nervous and jittery, like she’d had too much caffeine on an empty stomach. Then there was the fact that he hadn’t bothered looking at her. Acknowledging her. Then again, she didn’t acknowledge him either. Anyway, she attempted to try some of the salad and didn’t touch any of the lemon-pepper chicken.

After filling his plate, Desmond glanced up at Sherita for the first time. He took a bite of chicken, then watched her open her mouth to receive a fork full of salad. When she did, she looked up and her eyes caught his. He knowingly and purposely held her gaze, looking at her as if he could see through her. He chewed slowly, watching her chew. Slowly. Then his eyes fell from her eyes to her lips, then back up to her eyes again.

Dante nudged Emily underneath the table and tilted his head in Desmond and Sherita’s direction so Emily could see the two of them staring at each other. Then he mouthed, “Told you,” to Emily and winked at her.

Emily smiled. She was completely caught off guard when Dante had told her about the deal with Victor and the marriage between Desmond and Sherita that would help secure the deal. Emily told him she didn’t think it was a good idea since Sherita was dealing with some personal problems that had left her depressed and ready to relocate. But Dante assured her that Sherita would be okay once she’d gotten to know Desmond. Once they stopped fighting the inevitable, they’d be a happy couple for sure.

Sherita swallowed hard, breaking her gaze with him. She hadn’t even chewed her food enough to swallow, but she did so anyway. If not, she probably would’ve choked.

“So, just to make sure we’re up to speed on this marriage thing, I want to reiterate that this is a fifty-million dollar deal we’re looking at here,” Dante said. “I need everyone on board. We have dinner scheduled with Mr. Westwood Sunday evening. Now, Desmond and Sherita, I’m going to need you guys to get to the courthouse sometime tomorrow. Will that be a problem?”

“No. Not at all,” Desmond said.

Sherita just shook her head, then took a sip of water.

“I don’t know, Dante,” Desmond said. “Sherita doesn’t look like she’s sure about this.”

Sherita looked up at Desmond, held his gaze and responded, “That’s because I’m not.”

“Then don’t do it,” Desmond said with an arrogant grin. “Nobody’s forcing—”

“Des…chill, man,” Dimitrius said.

Desmond sat back in his chair. “Fine.” He angrily bit into a croissant.

Sherita took a breath then took another sip of water.

“So, as I was saying,” Dante continued, “I need you two at the courthouse tomorrow.”

Sherita nodded. “Dante, I forgot to ask…how long will I have to do this…you know…this marriage thing?”

“Right now, we’re looking at five months.”

Sherita’s eyes grew big. “Five months! Why so long? I thought it would be a shorter term than that.”

“I’m sorry,” Dante apologized. “I should’ve told you that yesterday, Sherita. I was so overjoyed that you were willing to do it that it completely slipped my mind. So yes, it will be for five months, and you will also need to live together.”

Sherita shook her head saying, “Okay, that’s where I draw the line. I’m all for helping you guys, but I won’t live with him.”

Desmond chuckled and said facetiously, “This is nice. Y’all tell me to chill, but she sits here and talks about me like I’m not even at this table.”

Sherita looked at him. “I’m not talking about you, Desmond.”

“I won’t live with him,” Desmond repeated. “You didn’t just say that? Like I’m so bad to live with. It’s not like we’re going to be sharing a bed or a room for that matter. You’ll be in the basement.”

“In the basement?” Sherita asked. “I’m not sleeping in anyone’s basement.”

“Okay, let me rephrase…it’s a studio apartment, not your typical basement. I had it converted to a top-of-the-line apartment for guests.”

“Is that okay, Sherita?” Dante asked

Sherita looked at him, then glanced at Emily, seeing the pleading look in her eyes.

“Yes. That’s fine.”

“And there will be rules,” Desmond told her, leaning forward with his elbows resting on the table. “This isn’t a traditional marriage by any means. That means nothing about it will be traditional. Since such is the case, I have a few things I want to go over with you so you know what you’re getting into. Feel free to write them down if you don’t have a good memory.”

Sherita kept on eating, pretending she wasn’t listening to a word Desmond was saying.

Desmond continued, “One – you don’t cook for me, clean for me, wash my clothes…nothing of the sort. I have a maid service, and I order takeout. Two – you will not have any guests showing up at my house. Emily and Melanie are fine. No one else. Three – don’t bother bringing a lot of clothes and things because five months will go by like the blink of an eye, at least that’s what I’m hoping. Four – if we so happen to be in the same room at once, do not ask me how my day was or inquire as to my whereabouts, and I won’t inquire of yours. There may be more rules coming…these are just a few I shot off the top of my head. Questions?”

Melanie’s mouth fell open wider than Emily’s had. Neither had witnessed Desmond behaving like this before. They’d heard stories from his brothers about how challenging he could be to work with and how insistent he was about getting his way. That’s what made him phenomenal at his job. But there was no reason to talk to Sherita like that. No reason at all.

After dabbing her mouth with a napkin, Sherita said, “No. I don’t have any questions.” Pushing away from the table, she stood up. “Thanks for dinner, Emily. I’m going to go…not feeling so good.”

“I’ll walk you out,” Emily said, standing.

Melanie stood up. “Me too.”

After the women exited via the front door, Dante looked at Desmond and said, “You’re going to mess this up for us…you know that, right?”

“I told you I didn’t want to do it anyway,” Desmond said.

“Well, you have to do it,” Dante said, raising his tone. “Snap out of it, man. I don’t know what your problem is with Sherita, but everyone else seems to get along with her, just fine, except for you.”

“So you’re going to pick and choose who I’m supposed to like and don’t like now?”

“No, Des—”

“Then why are you, Dante? Jeez, man. I’m not the immature twenty-year-old you had to watch after after Mom and Dad died. I’m thirty. I can think for myself. It’s bad enough I have go along with this cretinous, pretend marriage to start with. Why don’t you just thank your lucky stars I’m doing it?”

Desmond pushed away from the table, exiting out of the front door. He breezed by the women in the driveway without saying a word, then got inside of his jeep and drove away.





“I don’t know what his problem is,” Emily said, “But I don’t feel like this is a good idea, Sherita.”

“It’s fine, Em,” Sherita told her.

“No, it’s not,” Melanie chimed in. “He’s so rude to you.”

“It doesn’t matter, Melanie. It’ll be fine. I’ll stay out of his way and afterwards, I’m leaving. My lease is up in a month so instead of renewing, I’m going to put my stuff in storage and save the money I was spending on rent to prepare for my move. Everything will work out, now y’all stop worrying about me. I’ll be fine.”

“Are you one-hundred percent sure you want to do this?” Emily asked again.

Sherita nodded. “Yes. I’m sure.”

“All right.”

The women hugged, then Sherita got inside of her car and drove away. She would be okay. Dealing with Desmond wouldn’t be an issue because she knew how much she needed a change. Living with him would be a means to an end. It was a way for her to save money since she would no longer have to pay bills associated with her apartment. It would afford her the opportunity to look for a new home in Myrtle Beach. Her new beginning would happen soon enough, and nobody, not even Desmond, would stand in the way of that.





CHAPTER 15





Desmond saw her the moment she rolled up in the parking lot with her little, navy blue Honda. He’d been standing in front of the courthouse, waiting for her, pacing back-and-forth, dressed in a gray suit, black leather shoes, a royal blue and white checkered shirt and a solid royal blue tie that brought the outfit together.

With his hands in his pockets, he watched her get out of the car and swallowed hard at the sight of her. She actually had on a dress, a white one, but it wasn’t a gown. It was more like a summery, beachy dress – one that stopped at her knees, showing off her legs. She had her hair curled in spirals, bouncing all around her face and then there was her make-up. It was done beautifully and the sparkle of her lip gloss caught his attention. Held it.

“Hi,” Sherita told him, and it took everything inside of her just to say that.

Desmond didn’t say a word. He just stared at her lips. He wasn’t sure what to expect from this courthouse wedding. Would they say vows? Would he have to kiss her? Could he handle kissing her and manage not to feel anything from it, unlike the last kiss they’d shared? He’d been thinking about it last night while sitting at the dinner table.

“So, are we going to do this or not?” she asked.

“We are. Here, take this.” He handed her a platinum band. “You’ll have to put it on my finger, so you may as well hold on to it.”

“Was I supposed to get a ring for myself?”

“No. I got your ring. Let’s go,” he snarled, reaching for her hand.

She looked puzzled.

As if reading her thoughts, he said, “We have to make this look good, right? May as well start now.”

The moment she grasped his hand, she felt a current navigate through her body. And why was he holding her hand with a death grip?

Together, they walked inside of the building. Desmond hadn’t realized how tightly he was holding Sherita’s hand until he felt her attempt to wiggle her hand free. So he loosened the grip, then waited patiently. They weren’t the only couple getting married today.





“Do you, Sherita Wilkins take Desmond Champion to be your husband?”

Still in acting mode, Sherita looked at Desmond and smiled big. “I do.”

Desmond hid a frown.

“And Desmond Champion, do you take Sherita Wilkins to be your wife?”

He faked a smile. “I do.”

“Then by the power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride.”

Desmond, holding Sherita’s gaze, leaned forward and pressed his lips against hers. It hadn’t been anything further than a prolonged peck on the lips, but it was enough to signify this union. Enough to send his heart pounding again. Enough to confirm what he’d already known – that Sherita was the woman for him. Still, he didn’t like it. He could acknowledge it, but he wouldn’t act on it.

They exchanged rings. Sherita gasped when she saw the yellow diamond Desmond slid on her finger. It was one spectacular, jaw-dropping ring.

Walking back outside, hand-in-hand, the same way they had walked in, Sherita looked at Desmond. “Now what?”

He let go of her hand. “Carry on with your day. I’m going to work. You do whatever it is you do on a Friday.” He turned to walk away then stopped and said, “Oh, almost forgot…” He reached in his pocket and took out a key. “You need to move in today, so if you don’t have anything to do with your time, why don’t you get started with that.”

Sherita took the key from the palm of his hands. “Thanks.”

Desmond turned around and walked away. There was no you’re welcome or enjoy the rest of your day…nothing of the sort. He just walked away.

Sherita shook her head. This had to be the coldest, most unimpassioned wedding in history.





* * *





“So how’s married life?” Dante asked, withholding sarcasm from his voice as he peeped around Desmond’s office door.

“I knew I should’ve locked the door,” Desmond grunted.

“Come on, Des,” Dante said walking in. “Sherita’s a good woman, and you know it.”

“Do you know how many good women I’ve been with, Dante?”

“I don’t think you know how many good women you’ve been with,” Dante quipped.

“You joke, but it’s true. I don’t know. My point is, I never put a ring on their fingers, so being a good woman doesn’t necessarily mean Sherita’s worth changing for. None of the others were.” With his elbows on his desk, Desmond massaged his temples. “All I know is, Victor better not back out of this deal. I still can’t believe I actually went through with this nonsense.”

Dante took his cell phone from his suit jacket when he heard it beep. He read the text message from Emily. It was a simple I love you text that brought a smile to his face. He texted her back, told her the same and then focused his attention back on Desmond. “After you blew up at dinner last night, I suspect I know what’s going on with you…I know why you’ve never been in love.”

“Dante, I really don’t need this right now.” Desmond kept rubbing his temple.

Ignoring him, Dante continued, “When Mom and Dad died, you were the youngest. We all took their deaths hard, but you took it the hardest, and I tried…I tried to be there for you, but—”

“Stop. All right? Just stop! You got what you wanted, Dante. I married the girl! Now go make Victor happy. Fifty-million dollars is on the line, remember?” Beyond irritated, Desmond pushed away from his desk and left the office, slamming the door. Four hours later, he’d already regretted his decision to marry Sherita, and he was angry at Dante for putting him in this position.





CHAPTER 16





Sherita had just navigated her way to what she thought was Desmond’s house. Her eyes grew big when she turned into the driveway of what looked like a mansion sitting on at least ten acres of land. She noticed the stucco material on the outside of his house, a new roof, a three-car garage and horseshoe driveway. She double-checked the address again to make sure she was at the right place. She doubted that Desmond would live here alone. She’d heard he lived in a big house, but in her mind, she couldn’t picture one this large.

After confirming that this was his house number on Walnut Grove Lane, she parked and stepped out of the car. When her phone rang at about the same time, she looked at the display and saw that the caller was Dante.

“Hey, Dante,” she answered.

“Hi, Sherita. Have you taken anything over to Desmond’s house yet?”

“Funny you should ask…I just got here…about to get out of the car and take some stuff in.”

“Don’t bother.”

“Why?” she asked frowning. “What’s wrong?”

“I think I may have made a mistake by asking Desmond to do this. I’ve never seen him so livid.”

“So the entire deal is off, and I don’t have to move in?”

Dante sighed. Feeling like he was being premature about this, he said, “Let me speak with Desmond again. That way, I’ll be in a better position to tell you how we’re going to move forward.”

“Well, guess I’ll head back on home then.”

“I’m sorry about all of this, Sherita. Hopefully, I’ll get it straightened out soon.”

“No problem. I’ll wait for your phone call, then.”





* * *





Desmond showed up for pool at Dante’s house. He wouldn’t allow his anger to keep him from the tradition of shooting a few games of pool with his brothers. It was a way for the brothers to talk openly in a non-professional setting and without all the family around. It was only them.

“Listen, Desmond…I wasn’t trying to get under your skin today,” Dante said. “All I was trying to say was that your inability to connect with a woman has to be something deeper than this bachelor lifestyle you exude, and if it has something to do with our parent’s death, which I suspect it does, then I’m asking you to talk to me about it.”

Desmond held the cue stick in his hand. He’d never been much for talking about his feelings, but realizing he’d been holding on to this for far too long, he said, “They’re supposed to be here with us.” Desmond inhaled a breath, swallowed hard and said, “When Dad died, I watched Mom die a little every day until she couldn’t live without him anymore. And then there’s you, Dante…you married Anita, and she died. I watched you nearly break down, completely lose yourself because you lost the woman you loved. I can’t go through that. I can’t give someone my heart then watch their life get snatched away.”

“You can’t afford not to give someone your heart, Desmond,” Dante told him. “Yes, Anita’s death was hard on me, and it took me a while but, eventually, I started over. And now I have Emily and a son.”

Desmond sighed heavily and nodded.

Dimitrius took a long swig of beer then set the bottle on the table next to him. “Dante’s right, bro. You can’t put your life on hold for what you think may happen,” Dimitrius added. “You have to live, Des. Trust me…I know what you’re going through. I was trying my hardest to avoid Melanie because of what my ex did to me. Now, I can’t imagine my life without her and Grace. That’s why I do what I have to do to protect them. You can do the same for someone, and I’m not saying that someone is Sherita. I don’t know who the woman is. I just know you’re missing out if you let life pass you by without ever experiencing the true love of a woman. You can be that man…a family man. I’m sure you didn’t buy that five-bedroom house all for yourself.”

Desmond thought about it for a moment. It would be something completely new for him to let his guard down, and for a man who’d been anti-commitment all of his life, something like settling down wouldn’t happen sporadically. It would take some time. Even though he had a strong attraction to Sherita, he didn’t know her. He knew he liked it when he kissed her. That there was something explosive between them. He knew she was beautiful, and he knew she was his soul mate. What he didn’t know was if he could be the family type. One thing was for certain – at thirty years of age, he wasn’t ready to settle down with anyone.

Dante had just finished his beer when he said, “Anyway, Des, I knew something was eating at you, so I told Sherita not to move in.”

Desmond frowned, but why? That’s what he wanted – his house all to himself and this sham of a marriage to be called off, annulled, divorced or whatever married people did to end their union. So why did he feel a sudden loss when Dante told him that Sherita wouldn’t be moving in? “You told her not to move in?”

“I did…caught her just in time, too. She had just pulled up at your place. Glad I reached her before she began taking things back and forth inside of the house.”

“Wait…why would you tell her not to move in, Dante?” Desmond asked. “What about Victor and this deal you’ve been after?”

“Well, after I saw how belligerent you were this morning, you didn’t seem like you were in the right frame of mind to deal with all of this right now, Des, and the last thing I want is for Sherita to be alone with you, and you lose your temper.”

“Wait…do you think I would hurt her, or any woman for that matter?” Desmond asked, openly staring at his brother in disbelief.

“Don’t know,” Dante told him. “I would like to think you wouldn’t, but, like I said, you were angry.”

“I can control my temper, Dante. I wouldn’t hurt Sherita. And the only reason I snapped, earlier, is because I don’t like being forced into anything, especially a marriage. All I want to do is get my job done and go home. That’s it. All this extra nonsense isn’t for me.”

“After this is all over, everything goes back to normal,” Dimitrius assured him.

“Now, do you want Sherita to move in or not?” Dante asked.

“She may as well,” Desmond said. “We’ve already gotten married, so…”

“Good,” Dante said. “That means you’ll have all day Saturday and part of the day on Sunday to learn her. We’re meeting Victor at six.”

“And where are we having dinner?” Desmond inquired.

“Connelley’s.”

“Okay. Got it.”

“Cool. I’ll be right back,” Dante said. “I’m going to go tell Sherita she can proceed with her move.”

With raised eyebrows, Desmond asked, “She’s here?”

“She is…in my office working on her website while Emily is keeping her company. Apparently, her laptop died and she won’t allow me or Sherita to buy her another one. Be right back.”

While Dante was away, Dimitrius looked at Desmond. “You’ll probably like her once you get to know her. Keep an open mind.”

Desmond grinned. If his brothers only knew how much he liked her…

After a few passing moments, Dante stepped back in the room. “Okay, Des. She’s with it. Said she’ll be at your place tomorrow morning at seven.”

“Okay. I’ll be ready.”





CHAPTER 17





In the morning, Desmond got up early to work out as usual and, after taking a shower, he slid into a pair of jeans and a T-shirt. While waiting for Sherita to arrive, he headed for the kitchen where he brewed some coffee and reviewed Victor’s business plan. When he heard three beeps, indicating a door had been opened, he stood up, sauntered to the foyer and saw her standing there, looking around. She was in awe of his house – the crystal and gold chandelier hanging from the high ceiling, the glossy, wooden spiral staircase that led up to the second floor and the teardrop, bronze wall lights mounted on the wall alongside the staircase. He enjoyed watching her without her knowledge – seeing her eyes light up, her body move in different directions.

“Ahem,” Desmond said clearing his throat, stealing her attention.

“Oh,” she said, scanning the space to find him. When she did, her eyes traveled the length of his stature, from his eyes to his bare feet. The man looked stunning in a suit, but looking at him now, she thought he looked ruggedly handsome in the jeans and red T-shirt he was wearing. “Hi…didn’t see you there at first.”

He walked closer to her, so close that it seemed as if he was going to give her a hug. Instead, he picked up her suitcase. “Follow me.”

She did as he asked, following him down a long hallway with floors just as clean and shiny as the staircase. At the end of the hall, he opened a door to reveal a set of stairs leading down to the basement. He waved her by and, when she passed him, he followed her down the steps.

“Wow,” Sherita said when she entered the basement. It had been fully converted to an apartment as Desmond had mentioned. It was as neat and fancy as the rest of the house, well, from the little she’d seen of his home so far. The living room was painted a bright white, decorated with modern, brown couches, a recliner and matching coffee and accent tables. The bedroom was a completely different color scheme – the walls were a pale lime green color, and the king-sized platform bed was covered with a dark chocolate and white comforter. A cluster of pillows, all with varying colors – from orange to neon blue – decorated the bed. The nightstands were white with sleek, steel handles, housing matching lamps. But what really caught her eye and made this place tranquil and contemporary was the floor-to-ceiling, water display in which the water appeared to be falling from the ceiling to the floor over and over again.

“I’ll let you get settled,” he said. “Don’t worry about trying to organize everything right now. We have a lot of work to do today.”

“We do?” she asked.

After a long, tense pause, Desmond said, “Yes. We do. We have dinner with Victor tomorrow evening. We have to get to know each other a little better and get our stories straight.”

“Oh. Right.” That would be difficult, she knew, especially since it required a lot of memorization in such a short period of time. And what if she messed up? She was too nervous to think about it at the moment.

“Do you have more things in your car?”

“I do, but I’ll get them. I don’t want to disturb you.”

“I would let you know if you were disturbing me,” he told her.

I’m sure you would. “Well, in that case, there are some things in the back seat.”

He turned away, and Sherita could hear his well-grounded steps on each stair until he was on the main floor again. She used the time to marvel at how beautifully decorated this apartment was, and she’d been dying to see the bathroom.

“Where’s the bathroom?” she said softly. She stepped down a small hallway and found it, her mouth dropping open yet again. The bathroom was a light-brown color with a garden tub, a stand-up shower encased in glass and his-and-her glass bowl sinks, exquisitely laid out like something out of a magazine. Desmond went all-out to make sure his guests were comfortable.

“This is nice,” she said in a monotone. This basement apartment was ten times better than her apartment.

When she heard Desmond descending the stairs again, she quickly walked towards the couch, the same area where she’d been standing when he left a moment ago.

“Here’s the rest of your stuff,” he said with an arm full of her things.

It would’ve taken her at least three more trips to the car to get everything he’d grabbed.

“Where do you want it?” he asked.

“Just put it on the sofa, or anywhere you can. I’ll put everything away.”

“All right,” he said, lowering her items to the couch, “But I need you in the kitchen, Sherita.”

She looked up at him. “Okay. Can you give me five minutes?”

No. That’s what he wanted to say. Instead, he turned around and quietly headed for the stairs.

“O-kay...I’ll take that as a yes,” she mumbled.

“What was that?” he asked, turning around to see her face.

“Oh…nothing. I’ll be down…I mean up in a minute.”

She watched Desmond turn around and head up the stairs. This time, she made certain he was gone before she made another comment, or move. Walking back to the bathroom, she took a few moments to dash cold water on her face. She’d been busy all morning taking trips back and forth to the storage facility she’d rented. Hopefully, the water would keep her alert enough to deal with Desmond.

Dabbing her face with a towel, she said, “Okay. Here goes. You can do this, Sherita.” After taking a small notebook and pen from her purse, she headed upstairs, finding Desmond sitting at a six-chair breakfast nook in the kitchen. She watched him glance up at her, then back to his tablet.

“Come have a seat,” he told her.

Walking closer to the table, she sat in the chair to his left then opened her notebook. Ready to get started, she looked up at him only to find his eyes drowning inside of hers again. She quickly returned her attention to the empty page of her notebook while twirling the yellow diamond he’d put on her ring finger.

Desmond smiled. He’d always thought she was a beautiful woman no matter how tough she tried to be. And there was something about her having his last name that made him want her even more. Made him want to know her more. But how would he get to know her if she was always jittery around him? So nervous and uneasy? It would be a hindrance to progress, true enough, but he liked her shyness. He fed off of it. He loved the thought of being able to rattle her. And, now, he was glad she was staying in the studio apartment because, had she been on the same floor as him, he’d be tempted to finish the kiss they shared when they exchanged vows. Or better yet, the deep, toe-curling kiss they partook in at Dante’s house. A sneaky smile grew on his face. If he had his way, before everything was said and done, he would do a lot more than kiss her.

It was happening already. Sherita knew it when she felt her temperature rise. Why was she so nervous around him? And why was he smiling? Figuring she’d get down to business, she asked, “So, what kind of questions do you think Mr. Westwood will ask us?”

He placed the stylus next to his tablet. “Normal relationship dialogue I’d imagine.”

“Such as?”

Eyebrows raised, he said, “You tell me. I wouldn’t have the slightest clue. I’m not the relationship type, remember?”

“Right.” She took a breath. “Well, Dante said to tell Mr. Westwood that we’ve been together for two years. So I think we should…umm…” It was hard for her to focus with his eyes bouncing back and forth from her lips to her mouth.

“You think we should do what, Sherita?” Desmond asked, not particularly interested in her answer more than he was in seeing her lips move again.

“We should get to know simple and true things about each other. Like your favorite color for instance.”

Desmond grinned. “Are you kidding me? The only color Victor’s interested in is green.”

Sherita sighed. “Well, I’m just trying to start from scratch here. If you have any suggestions, feel free to chime in.”

“Okay. I’ll chime in,” he said. He took a sip of coffee while he thought of a question. “Where did we marry?”

“At the courthouse,” she answered quickly.

Desmond laughed. “Yes, we married at the courthouse, but we’re not going to tell Victor that. We’re making up our lives as we go along.”

“Right,” Sherita said, looking down. “How about we say we married in the Bahamas?”

Desmond shrugged. “Okay. Fine with me.”

“And we honeymooned there too,” Sherita said, scribbling a note.

“For how long?” Desmond inquired.

“Let’s say two weeks,” Sherita answered. She wrote that down, too.

“How many times did we make love?” Desmond asked softly, folding his bottom lip underneath a perfect row of white teeth.

Sherita felt dizzy for a second and the butterflies playing in her stomach needed to go away and fast. “I’m sure that topic won’t come up in a sophisticated, fifty-million dollar conversation.”

“Well, let’s say it did. How many?”

Sherita had no clue what to say to him. The man was a mystery to her thus far. He admitted to avoiding her. Then he said he wanted her. He kissed her, then despised her. Now, he was looking at her like she was something he wanted to possess – something he wanted as a permanent part of his memory.

After a full minute of uncomfortable silence, in addition to his blazing eyes on her, she finally said, “I don’t know, Desmond, but for the sake of moving on let’s just say three.”

He chuckled. “Three? That’s funny.”

“Why’s that funny?”

“Because it wouldn’t be three. We’d probably lose count. No, we would lose count.”

Her expression hardened. “What’s wrong with you?”

“Nothing,” he said, then laughed more.

“Don’t you need to be taking notes?” she asked.

“No. It’s all up here, Sherita,” he said, pointing to his temple at which time Sherita noticed the ring on his finger.

“You’re still wearing the wedding band?”

He stretched out his left arm and said, “Yes. Apparently, I’m married now.”

Sherita rolled her eyes.

“I’m being facetious, Sherita.”

“I know that. I just…I…I’m amazed you’re still wearing a band. I really didn’t think you would wear it while—”

“Why wouldn’t I? I told you we had to make this look real.”

“You didn’t let me finish, Desmond.” She watched him open his hand, gesturing for her to continue so she said, “I was saying I didn’t think you would wear it while you’re home.”

Desmond slid the ring from his finger and placed it on the table. “Is that better?” he asked, mildly amused.

Sherita narrowed her eyes, feeling her nervousness being replaced by frustration. “I’m trying to be serious here, Desmond. Your brothers are counting on us to pull this off.”

“How about you pull that barrette off and let your hair hang loose? I don’t like to see all that beautiful hair of yours jammed up in a ponytail. It’s not fair to me, and it’s not fair to your hair.”

She watched him suppress laughter while taking his ring from the table and sliding it back onto his finger. Deciding that ignoring his foolishness was the best option at this point, she said, “We need to come up with a story on how we met.”

“I’m still waiting for the barrette to come off, princess.”

“Des!” Sherita snapped. She could be sleeping right now instead of playing his silly games. “You’re being difficult.”

His arrogant grin widened. “Yes, I am being difficult, but I’m going to let you slide this time. You just called me by my nickname. No, actually you screamed it. That’ll suffice for now.”

Sherita dropped her pen. With her elbows resting on the table, she massaged her temples with the palm of her hands.

“As for where we met, we can tell him we met at a coffee shop,” Desmond said. “You were sitting alone, and I asked you out. You said yes, of course, and we hit it off from there. We can sell it like some love at first sight, serendipitous-type fatuity.”

Sherita picked up the pen and wrote it down. Then she said, “Dante said Mr. Westwood thinks Ezra and Grace are our kids. So should we pretend they’re our twins?”

“If that’s what you want to do,” he responded.

“Yes, that’s what I want to do,” she said. “We’ll tell him they’re six-months old.”

“Agreed.”

Sherita was steadily writing.

Desmond was willfully staring. At her. “Don’t rely on those notes, Sherita. You’re going to need to act natural.”

“I will act natural when the time comes.”

Desmond lifted his left hand from the table, then ran his index finger down her face, watching her frown and duck away from his touch. “See…that’s what I’m talking about. That reaction is not natural from a woman who’s supposed to be in love with her husband.”

“Of course not. You’re trying to touch my face like you know me like that.”

“I don’t recall my touching your face being a problem when I kissed you for the first time, but all of a sudden it is now. You have to get over your nervousness if we’re going to pull this thing off, Sherita.”

“I’m not nervous—”

“You are. When you kissed me at the courthouse yesterday, that wasn’t natural. It was weird and phlegmatic. When we’re at dinner tomorrow night, and I reach over to touch you or lean in for a kiss, I need you to just go with it.”

“Fine. I’ll go with it,” she said short of rolling her eyes.

“You will?” he asked skeptically.

Sherita nodded. “Yes. I will.”

“Then let’s practice.”

Sherita instantly felt her muscles tense. “Desmond, can we just get through the more difficult things first…things I need to take notes about and—”

Before she could finish, Desmond reached out and touched her face again.

The sensation of his warm finger made her close her eyes and exhale deeply as she fought the urge to duck away. This was a test, and she’d planned on passing it.

“That’s better,” Desmond said softly.

She opened her eyes and smiled, just barely. Glancing at her notes, she asked, “Anything else we need to go over?”

“Yes. Kissing.”

“That won’t be an issue,” Sherita quickly interjected.

“It will if you give me one of those stale kisses you gave me at the courthouse.”

“Stale? You leaned forward and kissed me. So if it was stale, it’s all your fault.”

He smirked. “Takes two people to kiss, Sherita. I leaned in for the kiss, true enough, but your mouth was closed so tight, all I could do was give you a dry peck on the lips.

Sherita sighed and dropped her pen. “Okay, enough. Nobody is going to be sitting at our table kissing, Desmond. If you want to use a kiss to signify how much in love we supposedly are, then a small peck on the cheek should be sufficient.”

Hardly. “Okay,” he responded, leaning closer to her, taking his time to smell her scent. She smelled good – sweet like candy and fruit. He was tempted to leave a kiss on her neck, but instead, he pushed his lips against her face. “Like that?”

Sherita glared at him. Why is he so annoying? “Yep…okay…think we’re done.”

He laughed. “We’re not done. I need to brief you on the business plan.”

She crossed her arms under her breasts. “Why do I need to know anything about the business plan?”

“So you know what’s going on. Victor is going to be discussing some of this new project of his at dinner, and while you don’t have to be well-versed in the plan or in any business jargon, I think you should know enough to stay interested in the conversation.” When he heard the doorbell, he stood up and said, “Breakfast is here. Be right back.”

Sherita got up from the table, searched the cabinets for a coffee mug and when she found one, she filled it with coffee. Returning to the table, she began paging through the business plan Desmond had been reading.

“Here you are,” Desmond said, placing a white, Styrofoam container in front of her. “Didn’t know what you wanted so I made an educated guess.” He sat down and began on his breakfast.

Sherita opened her tray to find eggs, bacon, toast and hash browns. She looked up at Desmond to thank him but was sidetracked when she saw the way he was eating his waffle. He didn’t eat it like most people would – with a knife and fork. After slathering it with butter and syrup, he folded the thing in half like a taco and took a huge bite out of it.

When he caught her staring, he asked, “Want a bite?”

“No, thanks.”

“You were staring at it like you wanted to take a bite. Here,” he said, extending his arm so that the waffle was a half inch away from her mouth. “Take a bite.”

“No, thanks, and I wasn’t staring.” Sherita bit into a slice of bacon.

“You were,” Desmond quipped, taking another bite of the waffle.

“The only reason I looked up at you is to thank you for buying the food, so thank you.”

“Oh, so you do have manners. Interesting.”

“Excuse me?” Sherita asked, frowning.

“When I bought coffee for you last week, you rolled your eyes at me,” he said smiling, showing the boyish dimple in his unshaven cheek. He loved pushing her buttons. Each and every single time, she’d feed right into it.

“I didn’t roll my eyes.” Sherita smiled, knowing there was a possibility she did roll her eyes. “And if I did, it was merely a reflex. After all, you did take it upon yourself to jump ahead of me and order my coffee. I didn’t ask you to.”

“And therefore, a simple thank you would’ve been proper.” He tossed a sausage link inside of his mouth. The whole link. “You know how many women wish I paid them as much attention as I pay to you?”

“Oh, so I should be flattered.” Sherita took a sip of coffee.

“Yes, you should be, Sherita.”

“I see. Well, thank you for breakfast and thanks for buying my coffee a week ago.”

“You’re welcome, princess.” He bit into another waffle, his second one, dripping syrup.

“And stop calling me that.”

He shook his head. “Nope.”

“I demand you stop calling me that,” Sherita said, withholding a smile.

He laughed. “Your demands don’t scare me.”

“Seriously, though…I don’t want to be grouped in the same category as your other women. I’m sure you have plenty of princesses in Asheville.”

“You’re being presumptuous again.”

“No, I’m not. I’ve heard about you…heard women telling stories about you at the coffee shop.”

“Forget what you heard, Sherita. I only have one princess, and again, you should be flattered.”

She looked at him, held his gaze for a moment, then watched as he crammed the rest of the waffle inside of his mouth.

Desmond wiped his mouth with a napkin, took a sip of coffee then said, “Now, back to business…Victor Westwood isn’t new to The Champion Corporation. When we first opened our doors, we wanted to do business with him, but he turned us down…said we weren’t ready. Now that we’ve grown our company into a multi-million dollar empire, he sees our strength in the market and the value and expertise we bring to the online business field. Therefore, he wants us to develop a top-notch website and phone application for his new company. My job is to come up with a comprehensive marketing strategy for the launch of his company.”

“The marketing part of it sounds a lot easier than building a website and phone application.”

“Quite the contrary. Do you know anything about marketing, Sherita?”

“No. If I did, I’d have more clients.”

“Clients?” Desmond asked with raised eyebrows.

“With my photography business.”

“Oh. Right,” he said. He picked up his iPad, quickly pulled up a search engine and typed her name. He clicked on her website and saw how unorganized it was right away. “Okay, so you know the importance of marketing. You just don’t know how it’s done.”

“Correct.”

“Well, just to give you a little lesson, marketing is the life of a business or product. I don’t care how good of a brand you are. You can have the best soda or be the best designer or, in your case, photographer – if no one knows about you, your business is as good as dead. That’s where I come in. I create ads, run social media campaigns, get people and their products on television in front of millions of viewers. The process is not as easy as you may think.”

“I guess I was wrong.”

“You were, but I won’t hold it against you.” Desmond took a sip of coffee. “Now, what I’m about to tell you is highly confidential, and I never want these words to pass through your lips.”

Sherita nodded, nervously twirling her diamond ring underneath the table.

“Victor is creating a service swap company. From what I’ve found, there may be a few of them in existence, but they don’t seem to be taking off in the mainstream. People are accustomed to paying for services, not bartering services. So I’m going to take his company and present it to the world like it’s a completely new concept even it’s not. After a few online campaigns as well as TV advertisements, his company will be number one in a matter of months.”

“You seem pretty confident about that.”

“I am.”

Sherita hid a smirk. Nothing was sexier than an intelligent, confident man. She wouldn’t tell him that, though. His ego was big enough already. After a few moments of silence, she said, “This is off topic but how much was this ring?” She placed her hand on the table.

Desmond glanced at the ring, then looked at her. “Why do you ask? Do you not like it?”

“I do like it. It just looks expensive.”

“It was…paid eighty-two thousand for it.”

Her mouth fell open. “Why would you pay so much money for a temporary ring?”

“Because anything attached to my name has to be the best.”

“I see.” She finished the last of her coffee. “Well, I’m going to get my things organized. We can go over this stuff again later if you would like.”

“I’ll leave that up to you.”

“All right,” she said standing. “I’ll let you know, then.”

After throwing her container in the garbage, she exited the kitchen, feeling the heat of Desmond’s eyes as she did so.





CHAPTER 18





She didn’t want to ride with him. The last time they were in a vehicle together, she nearly lost her breath and her senses. When she saw him standing in the foyer, clean-shaven, wearing a black suit, matching tie and white shirt, she was certain that being in close proximity to him would give her the same effect.

“Ready?” she asked him, watching his eyes sweep over her. She was wearing black, too, as Desmond had suggested, and her hair was hanging straight with a hint of a curl on the ends.

Desmond lost his thoughts as he studied her, loving how well the dress fit her body. And she wore a pair of black heels that accentuated her calf muscles and made her about five inches taller in the process – that made her face a little closer to his face. Her lips a little closer to his lips. And she wore her hair down. He’d suggested that too, but didn’t think she would oblige. He was happy to see that she did, but it made him wonder how he would resist the urge to sink his hands into her beautiful head of hair.

“Desmond?”

“Yes. Ready. Let’s go,” he finally answered.





* * *





“Victor Westwood, it’s good to see you again,” Desmond said with a tightened jaw, shaking Victor’s hand.

“You as well, Desmond,” the man said. “And this lovely lady must be your wife.” Victor reached for Sherita’s hand, brought it up to his lips, then took a kiss from the backside of her hand.

Desmond hid a grimace and said, “Yes. This is my wife, Sherita. Sherita this is Victor Westwood.”

“It’s nice to meet you, Mr. Westwood,” Sherita said.

“Oh, darling, the pleasure is all mine, and please, call me Victor.”

“Okay, Victor,” Sherita said, pulling her hand away from his grasp.

After speaking to Emily, Dante, Melanie and Dimitrius, Desmond pulled out Sherita’s chair, made sure she was comfortable before he sat down next to her.

“I was just telling your brothers that my Florence is under the weather, but she says hello,” Victor said, speaking of his wife.

“Well, tell her we said hi,” Desmond told him.

The waitress brought over three bottles of champagne and the men each poured a glass for their wives.

“So, Desmond, now that I’ve gotten the skinny on your brothers, how long have you and Sherita been married?”

“Two years.” Desmond looked at Sherita and smiled warmly.

“Love is a beautiful thing, isn’t it?” Victor said. “When I first met Florence, I knew she was the one.”

“Really?” Sherita asked. “Was it love at first sight?”

“It was indeed. I still remember how she looked at me that day. We were at a train station, Grand Central, and I turned around to see how long the line was and our eyes connected instantly.”

“Aw,” Sherita said, placing her hand over her heart. “Desmond and I met at a café. I was sitting alone, and he came over to strike up a conversation with me. Of course I played hard to get.”

“Oh, yes…you women know how to play that game.” Victor chuckled.

“Yeah, but I had to play that game with Desmond because,” Sherita turned to look at Desmond, holding his gaze, and continued, “I didn’t want him to know the kind of affect he had on me…didn’t want him to know that whenever I was around him, my heartbeats became rapid, I couldn’t think, could hardly even breathe because he was the most handsome man I’d ever seen in my entire life. And now he’s my husband.” Sherita leaned towards Desmond, pressing her lips against his, smiling when they separated.

Emily smiled, thinking that Sherita was doing a good job of pretending. She was actually impressed, along with the rest of the family, especially, Dante.

Desmond, on the other hand, was a bit confused. He thought he’d be the dominate conversationalist between the two. He hadn’t expected Sherita to come with her ‘A’ game, especially after she seemed so uncomfortable when they were practicing at home.

While Dante and Victor were knee-deep in a discussion about online businesses, Sherita leaned over near Desmond, her lips a breath away from his ear and whispered, “I meant to tell you in the car…this lipstick won’t rub off, so don’t worry about me leaving any on you.”

She moved her head back away from him so she could see his eyes again. She saw confusion in them and couldn’t understand why. Was she not doing what he asked her to? What they’d practiced?

Dimitrius had explained to Victor the process of developing the application and, afterwards, Desmond gave Victor a high-level overview of the marketing strategy he had in mind, all to Victor’s liking.

When Desmond was done, Sherita took his left hand into her right, interlocking their fingers then bringing his hand up against the side of her face, rubbing her face against his hand – those strong, sexy hands that she was glad she had the opportunity to play with. When she lowered their hands to the table again, she traced the thick veins of his hand, drawing invisible circles before bringing that same hand to her nose, drawing in a long breath, inhaling the scent of him and closing her eyes like it gave her a drug high.

Desmond swallowed hard, feeling his entire body react to her touch, yet he tried to keep his composure by taking a sip of champagne. That didn’t help much, especially when she began pushing her lips against his hand. He watched her do this several times over before he leaned close to her ear and whispered, “What are you doing?”

A smile grew on Sherita’s face when she looked back at him. Leaning close to his ear, she said softly, “I’m kissing your hand, Desmond, but I’d much rather be kissing your lips.”

He looked at her, deep in her eyes and decided he’d much rather be kissing her lips, too. So, leaning forward for her, their lips collided, in front of everyone, while they kissed with a hunger that desperately needed to be fulfilled. Their mouths had merged, mended and with her hands against the sides of his face, she parted her lips just enough to drive him insane, releasing a soft gasp when she felt him take over. For a moment, he forgot they were still at a restaurant, not like that would’ve made a difference. Her lips were too good to let go. Even when he heard Emily clearing her throat, trying to distract them or get them to stop kissing, he kept on deepening the kiss, moaning deeply, pulling her lips. He loved her lips. Craved them. Savored them. Okay, so this was for show, all a pretense, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t take advantage of this opportunity, right?

He finally pulled his mouth away from hers, then smiled at her.

Sherita smiled back.

“Okay, looks like we need to wrap this up so the lovebirds can get home,” Victor said, grinning.

“Looks that way,” Dante said.

Sherita smiled big, threw her arm around Desmond and squeezed him as tightly as she could. She’d gone above and beyond to convince Victor that she, and Desmond were a real couple. But she couldn’t deny that she loved taking advantage of the situation to do things to him that she secretly always wanted to do – like hold his strong, muscular hand, whisper seductively in his ear and initiate a kiss. She felt a level of satisfaction that she was able to do so, and Desmond was none the wiser.





* * *





After dinner, the men congregated near Victor’s car, still talking business while Emily and Melanie were drilling Sherita about her performance.

“Sure looked real to me,” Melanie said.

Sherita giggled. “It wasn’t real and if you think it was, maybe I’m in the wrong profession.”

“Maybe you are,” Emily said. “You couldn’t keep your hands off of Desmond.”

Sherita crossed her arms. “And you couldn’t keep your hands off of Dante, Emily.”

“Newsflash…Dante is my husband.”

“And Desmond is sort of my husband,” Sherita said. “Look, this wasn’t my idea. I just went with it, and I think I did a pretty good job.”

“Yeah, I bet Desmond thinks you did, too and, if you’d give him his tongue back, he would probably tell you that,” Melanie said. She laughed hysterically.

Sherita erupted in laughter along with Emily.

“Anyway, looks like Desmond is heading this way, so I think we need to go, Melanie,” Emily said. “Let’s give these lovebirds some much needed privacy.”

“Oh, stop it,” Sherita said.

“Don’t try to downplay it,” Emily told her. “We saw it with our own eyes, and you claim you don’t like Desmond…could’ve fooled me. It ain’t no telling what’s about to go down on Walnut Grove Lane tonight.”

Sherita waved them off. “See y’all later.”

When Emily and Melanie walked pass Desmond, he told the ladies to have a good night. Then he continued to where Sherita had been standing, opening the door for her like a gentleman. Once she was inside, he closed the door then walked back around, got inside and cranked the jeep. Instead of shifting the car in gear, he looked over at her.

“So that went well, didn’t it?” Sherita asked, looking over at him, then quickly looking away, unable to hold his intense gaze. She’d somehow reverted back to the timid woman she was before the dinner.

“Yeah. It did,” he said, evenly. With a clenched jaw, he shifted the car in gear and began the drive home. Confused. Sherita had been phenomenal at dinner. Anyone looking at them would have no doubt that they were a couple in love. She studied those notes she’d taken, knew her role and played it well. Too well. He wanted to believe that part of her kissing him had been real, that it was something she wanted to do and not something she felt she had to do. And that bothered him more than anything else. Being the man he was, since when did he care about whether or not a woman wanted to kiss him?

Sherita glanced over at Desmond, seeing something akin to frustration on his face as he navigated the dark streets. He said the dinner went well, but he didn’t seem happy about it. In fact, he looked bothered. Did he not get what he wanted?





CHAPTER 19





At home now, they both emerged from the jeep at the same time, and Desmond followed Sherita to the door. As he did, he thought about her lips on his, their mouths fusing together and how good it felt to feel her hands against his face. He was right about her before. She was his weakness. Even after he’d tried several techniques to fight his yearning for her, it remained.

He unlocked the door, opened it for her and allowed her to walk in first.

Before heading to her private quarters, she said, “Well, have a good night, Desmond.”

Desmond said nothing. He just stood there, staring at her. He even watched her walk away until she was no longer in sight before heading upstairs to his bedroom. He quickly undressed, stepped into the shower hoping to relax himself a bit, only it didn’t do a thing to erase the memory of kissing Sherita. And then he remembered how she grabbed his hand, interlocked their fingers and rubbed her nose along the backside of his hand, before leaving kisses there. She had the upper hand at dinner, another thing he didn’t like. So after sliding into a white T-shirt and a pair of black boxers, he decided to pay her a visit. He glanced at the clock. It was a few minutes after eleven. They’d just arrived home thirty minutes ago. She couldn’t be asleep that quickly.

He jogged downstairs, then walked down the hallway that led to the studio apartment. He knocked, then waited.

A few moments later, Sherita opened the door, surprised to see him standing there. “Hey.”

His eyes briefly roamed her body, loving the powder-pink, silk tank top and shorts she had on, exposing the length of her legs. She’d gathered her hair into a ponytail, and he imagined she did that every night before bed. “Can I come in?”

“It’s your house,” she responded curtly.

She headed down the stairs again, returning to the sofa where she had been watching TV with her legs extended.

Desmond sat down on the opposite end of the sofa, looking down at her feet. They almost touched him. He wouldn’t mind if they did.

Taking the remote from the couch and powering off the TV, Sherita glared at Desmond and said, “You know I think I did a pretty good job tonight, and you didn’t even say thank you. And to think…you lectured me about manners because I didn’t thank you for buying me a cup of coffee, but I marry you and put on this grand performance at dinner and you haven’t said thank you not even once, Desmond. You were tight-lipped all the way home and, even when I told you to have a good night when we got here, you said nothing. Absolutely nothing. What gives?”

Desmond stared at her for a long while, feeling emotions he’d never felt before. “I didn’t say anything because I couldn’t.”

“What does that mean? Any other time, you have plenty to say.”

“You’re right,” he admitted.

“So why didn’t you have anything to say then?”

“Because all I could do, at that moment, was feel.”

“Feel what?” Sherita asked, pulling her legs in, away from him.

“The way your soft hands felt against my face, tonight. The way your lips felt against mine. I’ve been thinking about it on the way home, and I’m curious…was it all an act?”

“You mean the things we did at dinner?”

“More like the things you did to me, but yes, was it an act?”

“You tell me, Desmond, since you said you were learning me…said you were studying my thought process and could…wait, let me get this right…decipher my thoughts and know what I was thinking without having to say a word, right? So tell me…do you think it was all an act?”

“No, I don’t. You were too into me for it to be an act. Am I right?”

Sherita smiled. He was right. All of it hadn’t been an act. She didn’t want to admit that to Emily and Melanie, but she would admit it to Desmond. “Yes. You’re right.”

Relieved, Desmond asked, “So tell me the parts that were real.”

“Why?”

“Because I want to know.”

Sherita’s cheeks reddened. “Ugh…this is so embarrassing,” she mumbled.

Desmond scooted closer to her. “No it’s not. Tell me,” he said softly.

“Okay…umm…” She covered her face with her hands, hiding her shame.

Desmond dropped to his knees in front of her, wrapping his hands around her wrists, pulling her hands away from her face. “Tell me.”

“Okay,” she said, taking a deep breath. Barely looking at him, she began, “When I said you were the most handsome man I’ve ever seen…that was true. When I grabbed your hands and played with them, that was real. I’ve always found a man’s hands to be the sexiest part of his body, and your hands are big and strong. I always wanted to play with them.”

Odd, he thought, but for the moment, he’d take what he could get. “And what about the kiss?”

A small smile touched her lips. “I didn’t want the kiss to end.”

“Neither did I,” he said, trying to catch her fleeting eyes. He lowered his hands to her thighs. Palmed them. “Sherita.”

Sherita trembled when she felt his hands rest on her thighs. But her nerves didn’t prevent her from layering her hands on top of his – didn’t prevent her from gazing into his eyes the moment she felt him flip his hands over and interlock their fingers.

“You like playing with my hands, huh?” he asked, softly.

She looked at him, seeing his eyes darken, watching as desire swirled in them. Again, she looked away, focusing on his hands as they rested in her lap. “Yes.”

Desmond pulled his right hand away from hers, tilting her chin up with a slight touch of his index finger so their eyes connected again and said, “Well, I’m right here now, Sherita. Play with me.”

Sherita felt herself become weak when he leaned forward to kiss her lips, taking small pecks from them before deepening the kiss, taking it up a notch from what she had started in the restaurant, only this time, she wasn’t in control. She would never be in control again unless he wanted her to be.

A moan escaped her throat when she felt his hands brush against the sides of her face and on to her hair where he pulled the barrette from her hair, grabbing handfuls of her glory when it fell free.

“Mmm,” he breathed when he felt her legs wrap around his torso. All the built-up tension he’d hidden away for ignoring her for so long was slowly being released with each ragged breath. How he found the strength to pull away from her had been beyond him. “Sherita.”

“Yes?” she said in a breathless whisper.

“Do you want this?” He swallowed hard. “Because if you do, you need to know that this won’t go any further than tonight.”

Holding his gaze, Sherita grabbed his shirt from both sides and pulled it over his head and their lips slammed together again. No, she wasn’t okay with his statement. Desmond was a handsome, smart, intelligent man, and any woman would want to have him for a husband. And though she did marry him, she knew it wasn’t the real thing – the traditional marriage of a man falling in love with a woman and then proposing to her. Desmond wasn’t the kind of man who was capable of love. Seemed those were the only types of men she attracted. She’d given up on meeting a man who would want her and love her unconditionally. Some women just weren’t lucky enough to find that man.

Desmond’s hands traveled up her camisole, feeling her body jerk with his touch, and he watched her nibble on her bottom lip, bat her eyes softly and grimace just slightly. He slowly pulled her shirt up over her head and after his eyes had roamed her chest, he kissed her again, savoring her lips, drowning his hands in her luxurious strands.

With little effort, he stood up while their mouths were still connected, her legs still wrapped around his torso, and walked over to the bed.

She gasped when her eyes navigated his firm body, taking in the sight of all of him. Lean. Muscular. Perfect. She was thoroughly impressed by his incredible male physique.

Desmond crawled on top of her with ease, lowering his body to hers, taking her lips again. He scarfed down her moans as quickly as the steak he’d eaten for dinner tonight. But he would enjoy this so much more.

“Why do I make you so nervous, Sherita?” he whispered before rolling his tongue around on her neck, feeling her quiver. And that’s exactly what he wanted to feel.

Deciding to answer honestly, she said, “Because you’re everything I’ve ever wanted in a man.”

“Is that right?” he asked, feeling a stinging pain in his heart. That wasn’t the answer he wanted to hear, and he didn’t want to feel anything in his heart. He’d mastered the ability not to involve his heart when it came to women, so why did her response bother him?

“Yes,” she said, trembling nervously. “Everything.”

Desmond frowned. If she really felt this way, and by the look on her face, he was sure she did, he didn’t want to go any further. She couldn’t attach her emotions to something that wouldn’t last. He didn’t want to hurt her. So, giving her an out, he said, “Then maybe we shouldn’t do this.”

“Why? What’s wrong?”

“Because I told you before, Sherita…I can’t give you what you want…what you deserve and—”

“Right now, all I want is you, Desmond.”

He swallowed hard again. Everything inside of him told him not to do this. That she deserved more than what he could give, than what he was willing to give, but he couldn’t deny the way she felt – skin-to-skin with him – for the first time. He’d dreamed about countless times and now, it was happening.

“Okay,” he said softly, kissing her again before connecting their souls. Slowly. Methodically. Unhurriedly. Descending deep into her depths, he felt a sign of her innocence and how in an instant, he’d taken it away from her.

His body went completely still.

Sherita opened her eyes to look at him. She knew why he’d stopped but, from the expression on his face, she couldn’t tell if he was shocked or disappointed.

A mixture of sadness and fear clouded his features. “Sherita?”

“Yes,” she said in an exhale.

“Why didn’t you tell me, princess?” he asked her. She’d given him something he didn’t earn. Something he could never give back.

“I didn’t want to,” she answered.

“Are you o—”

“I’m fine, Desmond. Just kiss me.”

So he did. Desmond forced disappointment away from his face, taking her slowly. Carefully. He didn’t want her first time to be associated with pain. He wanted her to be pleased with this experience. He wanted her to be okay. Needed her to be. She was his soul mate. His wife. As much as he told himself their marriage was strictly business, he couldn’t deny the title was wearing on him.

Their eyes connected for a second before she squeezed hers shut, holding on tightly to him.

What a beauty, Desmond thought, eyes widening to take her all in. Her hair was wildly splayed over the pillow underneath her head. Desmond watched the beautiful anguish wash over her face, saw a single tear roll from both eyes and felt her body tremor against his.

He kissed her again, slammed his eyes closed and joined her in a grand ecstasy, their moans connecting in the open air, as closely as their bodies.

“Are you okay?” he asked her while steadily catching his own breath.

“Yes,” she said barely above a whisper.

He grimaced. “Are you sure?”

“Yes, Desmond. I’m sure.”

“Then why are you crying, Sherita? I…I tried my best not to hurt you, baby.”

Sherita’s lips trembled. He didn’t hurt her physically, but emotionally, she was a wreck. He told her right out the gate that this would be all they would share. She’d agreed to it, but now, she wished she hadn’t.

“Sherita.”

“You didn’t hurt me,” she told him. “I’m just emotional, I guess.”

“Don’t cry,” he said. He laid next to her, pulling her into his arms.

“You don’t have to hold me.” She sniffled. “I know this is probably not something you would normally do.”

“It’s not.”

“Then don’t do it for me.”

“I want to,” he said, running his fingers through her hair.





She was sleeping.

With the help of the hint of light from the water display, Desmond watched her rest, watched her chest rise gently and fall as softly as a leaf, descending patiently to the ground. Her tears were gone. With the slightest movement of his finger, he raked her hair away from her face so he could see her.

Her lips were parted, just slightly, and he remembered how he had kissed those lips an hour ago – how sweet noise had left from between those lips when she called out his name. And he’d kissed her nose, branded her neck and made her his for a couple of hours.

He said he didn’t want to hurt her, but he realized he had already done so, as evident by the tears that sprung out of her eyes. After all, she did admit he was everything she wanted in a man.

Desmond took a tender kiss from her lips, before brushing another kiss across her temple. She was everything he wanted in a woman, but he wasn’t ready for any type of commitment. As he told her – tonight would be all they would have. He wasn’t sure how he was going to push this to the back of his mind and move on with life, but he would. He had to.

He eased out of the bed then pulled up a sheet over her, taking one final look at her as she slept peacefully. Grabbing his T-shirt and boxers from the floor, he retreated upstairs, taking a bottle of water from the refrigerator then continued up to the second floor to his bedroom. He glanced at the clock: 1:54 a.m. He slid into his boxers, chugged the bottle of water then laid on his bed, face up in the dark room. He had to be at the office bright and early in the morning. Concentrating on work would help him to stay away from Sherita and keep her out of his thoughts. That was a good thing. As it was, he was feeling things for her he’d never felt for any other woman. It would take a special effort to avoid her, especially since she was so close to the family. Somehow, he’d find a way to keep her at a safe distance. No woman could have his heart. Not even her.





CHAPTER 20





Two Weeks Later





“I have to give credit where credit is due, Des. You knocked this one out of the park,” Dimitrius said, looking over at Desmond.

Desmond cracked a half smile. “Thanks, Dimitrius.”

Desmond had spent the last two weeks focused on work. Just like he told Sherita, that one night was all they had, and he was back to his normal routine. In fact, the last time they’d interacted was the night he made love to her. Occasionally, he would glance out of the window to see her leaving the house, or coming in, but other than that, their paths hadn’t crossed. He stayed busy working at home and at the office.

Still, that didn’t mean he could forget her – forget the way she felt in his arms. The way she touched him, kissed him and willingly gave him the gift of her. He’d spent many nights resisting the urge to jog downstairs and see her. Many nights staring up at the ceiling. Many nights worried when her car wasn’t in the driveway at, what he deemed, a decent hour. Many nights thinking if he could handle another man stepping into the picture – giving her all the things he had refused to.

So, he poured himself into his job. Not only had his brief visit to New York City sealed the deal with Bell-Butler Group, he had just presented the first stage of the marketing campaign with the team, Victor included, for Victor’s new company, Service Swap. Afterwards, Victor and Kurt left Dante’s office, and only the brothers remained.

“I agree.” Dante said. “You’ve outdone yourself as always, Des.”

“That’s what I do. I get things done,” Desmond said. He glanced at his watch. It was close to eight o’clock in the evening. For a split second, he wondered if Sherita was home. And if she was, what was she doing? He blinked the thought away from his mind then said, “Hey, we should grab a drink and celebrate?”

Anything to avoid going home and running into Sherita.

It was hard enough walking away from her two weeks ago, the morning after they’d been intimate. He thought of that night often. He remembered how tears fell from her eyes, how tightly she’d held on to him and how beautiful her face was as she slept. He missed her, but knew he couldn’t be with her, at least not the way she wanted him to be.

Now that the first stage of the marketing plan had been completed, he needed to find more work to occupy his time. In roughly four months when their services for Victor would be complete, Sherita would be moving out, and his life would return to normal.

“I’m down to get a drink,” Dimitrius said.

Desmond looked at Dante. “What about you, Dante?”

Dante looked up from some papers he’d been engrossed in and said, “What’s up?”

“We’re going to go grab a drink,” Desmond said. “You coming with us?”

“No. I can’t. Emily’s meeting a new supplier at nine and I’m actually leaving right now to get Ezra.”

“Why can’t Emily get Sherita to watch Ezra?” Dimitrius inquired.

“Sherita has a date. She couldn’t do it.”

Desmond felt his stomach twist to the point that he felt like leaning forward to steady himself. The frown on his forehead was deep and filled with as much rage as the anger protruding from his eyes. “What do you mean Sherita has a date?” he asked before he realized it.

His brothers looked at him with inquisitive eyes, wondering why he cared. He made it clear to both of them that he didn’t like Sherita, so why was he inquiring of her plans?

“Emily said she was out with some guy…Thane somebody,” Dante said opening his briefcase, dropping a folder in it. “Anyway, I have to roll. Later fellas. Lock my door on the way out.”

When Dante left the office, Dimitrius looked at Desmond and said, “We can still go if you want.”

“No. I have to run.”

Dimitrius smirked. “Okay. Later.”





Furious, Desmond jumped in his jeep and sped home. He was too jealous to think with a clear head. All he could think about was another man’s hands touching his woman.

His woman.

How could he even call her that after he told her they would never share anything more than one night? Then he avoided her for two weeks, making sure their paths didn’t cross. He hadn’t spoken to her, hadn’t seen her, hadn’t touched her for two weeks. What gave him a right to be angry if she decided to move on and date a man who would give her the time of day, no matter how trifling that man may have been?

When he turned into his driveway and didn’t see her car parked out front, he balled a fist and punched the steering wheel. Slamming the car in gear, he stormed into the house like a turbulent wind from the inner wall of a category F-5 tornado and headed for the studio apartment. He took his keys, unlocked the door, still smelling a hint of her perfume she’d left behind, probably while she was getting ready for her date with Thane. He walked to her bathroom, noticed makeup on the counter and a tube of red lipstick, the same kind she wore the night they’d met Victor for dinner. The kind she whispered in his ear that wouldn’t wear off. Why had she chosen to wear that particular lipstick tonight?

He was about to exit the bathroom when he saw something else – something that made his lips tremble. His nostrils flare. His blood boil. He saw her wedding ring on the counter. She’d taken it off. She’d removed the ring he’d given her before going on a date with another man. He picked it up and looked at it.

He swallowed hard. What if she was at Thane’s house right now? In his bed? He remembered Sherita telling him that Thane wanted her back. What if he’d convinced her their break-up had been a mistake, and he wanted to start over? And what if this was his fault? He’d slept with her and didn’t say anything to her for two weeks. So many thoughts were swirling around in his head, so much so he didn’t hear the heels of her shoes descending the stairs.

“What are you doing here?” Sherita asked, watching him stand there in the hallway near the bathroom, dressed in a gray business suit.

He looked up at her with glassy, jealous eyes, feeling his muscles tighten. She’d dressed up for that man? Really? She had worn her hair down, hanging loose and pretty around her feminine shoulders like he liked it. And she had on a red, strapless dress exposing her caramel skin and, on her lips, she wore that red, smudge-proof lipstick as he had suspected.

Pulse speeding, heartbeat pounding, he couldn’t find words at the moment. So, taking his attention away from her, he looked down at the ring, her ring, that he had in the palm of his hand. He walked over to the coffee table and placed it there.

She watched him place the ring on the table, saw the slow movements of his body, the melancholic expression on his face. Still near the stairs, she kicked off her stilettos and looked at him again. “What are you doing here, Desmond?” she asked walking pass the couch and on to the kitchen, taking a bottle of water from the refrigerator.

Swallowing a ball of anger down his throat, he asked, “Where were you tonight?”

Sherita took a sip of water. “Out.” She turned up the bottle to her mouth again.

“Where were you tonight, Sherita?” he asked again as if he hadn’t heard her response.

“Don’t worry about where I was,” she said, frowning. “I was out minding my own business.”

A vein nearly snapped in his neck. “See that’s your problem. You can’t discern when I’m joking and when I’m dead serious.”

“I really don’t care either way, Desmond. And why are you asking me where I was, like you have a right to know? According to the rules you laid out for our arrangement, you don’t get to ask me where I was, just like I don’t ask you about your whereabouts, remember?”

He did say that, didn’t he? Desmond took a few slow, intimidating steps towards her. “Where were you tonight, Sherita?”

She shrugged lazily. “Where were you for the last two weeks, Desmond?”

“I’ve been working,” he said, eerily calm. “Now answer my question.”

Sherita massaged her temples. “No! You don’t have the right to barge in here and demand I tell you where I was, Desmond, after you slept with me then avoided me for two weeks! What makes you think you have a right to be here interrogating me? What makes you think you have a right to ask me anything?”

His nostrils flared. Lips quivered. Standing immediately in front of her now, invading any space that was hers, he asked, “Did you sleep with him?” He watched tears form in her eyes.

“You’re unbelievable,” she said, attempting to walk around him.

His anger grew when she didn’t answer his question. He threw his arm out like a crossing gate, took her into his grasp and backed her up against the counter. Face darkening, pupils dilating, he yelled, “Did you sleep with him!”

Fear crossed her features. She was alone, in his house, in his basement apartment, and he looked like he could snap her neck. His eyes were dark, so intense she couldn’t stand to look at him. “No, Desmond. I didn’t sleep with him.”

“Then why were you with him, Sherita?”

“I met him at a restaurant with my parents.”

“Why…were…you…with…him, Sherita?” he asked, slowly, his eyes burning with envy.

“To tell him to leave me and my parents alone. That there was no chance for us and—”

Before she could finish her tearful explanation, Desmond locked his mouth onto hers tight, so tight he nearly sucked the breath right out of her while grabbing hold of the dress she wore, pulling it down until it dropped on the floor. He picked her up, carried her to the bed and maneuvered out of his clothes until he was as bare as she was. He wasted no time connecting their souls, watching her close her eyes and whimper as he did so.

“Look at me, Sherita.”

She opened her eyes and met his gaze. For a moment, he didn’t say a thing. He just found her hands, interlaced their fingers and said, “You’re my wife. Mine. I’m the only man who makes love to you. The only man who will ever make love to you.”

“You’re the only man I want to make love to, Desmond,” she could hardly say, feeling him take complete ownership of her body.

Desmond looked at her, at the prolonged delectation on her face, thinking she was the most beautiful woman he’d ever encountered. And he had her as his possession. He knew he’d never feel anything close to this with another woman ever again. She was his and he was hers. It was that simple.

“Your body is perfect for me, Sherita.”

She smiled just barely and when she felt the slightest shift of his body, she whimpered. Reaching up, she touched his lips with her index finger, watching him smile.

“I’ve missed you,” he admitted.

“I’ve missed you too, Desmond,” she whispered, feeling the heat of his mouth on her neck, while she held on tightly to him, falling under his spell, enticed by his smell and feeling herself come apart as she lost control of her own being.

“You’re mine, princess,” Desmond groaned. “All mine.” He closed his eyes as his body locked with hers, rendering him nearly unconscious as he flew into oblivion. He blinked a few times, forced himself to breathe a little harder and felt his legs lock up a second time. What was happening to him?

He looked her, smiled then took her mouth again, kissing her deeply. Purposely.





With her head against his chest, he sent strokes of his fingers through her hair. This felt good. Felt right. Jealousy had made him realize how much she meant to him.

“Sherita.”

“Yes?” she said, still cooling down, catching her breath.

“Did you end things with Thane?”

“I think so. He seems to be a bit obsessed with me.”

“Why?” Desmond asked.

“He thinks we were made for each other…saying how pretty our children would be, and that we would have a good life together.”

Over my dead body. “When you two were together, he never tried coming on to you?”

“Oh, yeah…plenty of times. But I wanted to be married first. The only man I ever wanted to make love to was my husband, and it turns out, I did just that.”

Desmond smiled. “By the way, are you on any kind of birth control?”

“No. Never had a need to be. Why do you ask?”

“Because we’ve slept together, twice now, and I haven’t worn any protection.”

Sherita left a soft kiss against his chest, found his hands, interlocking their fingers, then said, “You know, for someone who doesn’t want kids, you’re not well prepared.”

“I’m always prepared…just not with you, Sherita.”

Desmond squeezed her hand, thinking about how jealous he was when Dante said that Sherita was with Thane. He was furious. He smiled thinking about that. He’d never experienced anything like it before. And he never wanted to experience it again. To make sure she knew where he stood, he said, “I never want to hear that you’re with Thane.”

“I was with him and my parents, Desmond. It’s not like I was alone with him.”

“I don’t care. I don’t want you with him, near him, talking to him…I don’t want to hear your name and his name in the same sentence.”

Sherita closed her eyes. Something about his request made her want to believe that a man like Desmond was capable of love. But she knew that wasn’t the case. What exactly had he been doing in the last two weeks? Had he not seen any other women? Was he being faithful to their phony marriage?

“Do I get to make any requests of you?” she asked.

“What might those be?”

“I don’t want you flirting with other women.”

“Done. Anything else?”

“Yes. Well, it’s not a request…just a question I need you to answer for me.”

“Okay. Ask it.”

“In the last two weeks that you’ve been avoiding me, was there anyone else?”

“You mean did I sleep with another woman, Sherita?”

“Yes. Did you?”

“Would it bother you if I said yes?”

Leaving his question unanswered, Sherita swallowed hard and forced herself not to become emotional.

“Sherita.”

Sherita pulled in a breath. “No, it wouldn’t bother me,” she managed to say.

Desmond freed his hand from hers then rolled on top of her. “You’re a bad liar, Sherita.” He took a kiss from her lips. “No. I haven’t been with anyone in the last two weeks. As a matter of fact, you’re the only woman I’ve slept with in a year and half.”

“I am?”

“You are,” he said, then took a small kiss from her lips. “Now, I have a final request of you?”

“What’s that?”

“Your wedding ring never comes off your finger again. Do you understand me?”

“Yes, Desmond,” she whispered before he lowered his mouth to hers again and one o’clock in the morning, they made love once more.





CHAPTER 21





The moment Sherita opened her eyes, they were connected with Desmond’s. She smiled. He was a sight to see in the morning. She wished she could wake up to him every morning.

“Good morning, princess.”

“Good morning, Desmond.” She found his hand and brought it up to her face, closing her eyes, savoring this feeling. “Why are you staring at me?”

“You’re so beautiful I can’t look away.”

Sherita’s face glowed.

“And I was thinking about how I know you through the family, but I really don’t know you as well as I would like to.”

“I don’t know you as well as I would like to either.”

“Then I propose we take two weeks to learn each other and, during that time, we won’t make love.”

“Okay. I can do that.”

“Good. This morning, I want to share breakfast with you, then show you around the house.”

“Don’t you have to work today?” Sherita glanced at the clock, noticing it was a few minutes after ten.

“I told Dante I wasn’t coming in…first time I’ve ever taken a day off.”

“Wow. I feel special.”

“You should feel special. I’ve never done this before…I’m experiencing a lot of firsts with you, Sherita.”

Sherita smiled.

“I’m going to run upstairs and shower. Meet me in the kitchen in thirty minutes.” He took a kiss from her lips before he stood up from the bed.

Sherita watched as he lazily sauntered out of sight and up the stairs.





* * *





Desmond had stepped out of the shower, dried off and slid into a pair of Ralph Lauren boxers, a pair of Seven jeans and a hunter green Polo. He heard his cell phone ring from the nightstand, seeing the number to The Champion Corporation on the display.

“Hello,” he answered.

“Are you actually taking a day off?” Dimitrius asked.

“I am, Dimitrius.”

“When Dante told me you weren’t coming in this morning, I thought for sure it was a prank of some sort.”

Desmond grinned.

“Is everything cool, though?” Dimitrius asked.

“Yes. Everything’s good. I’ve been working so hard on the marketing plan for Service Swap, I just needed to take a day.”

“Okay, Des. Well guess I’ll see you tomorrow.”

“Yep. Later.”

Desmond ended the call, then slid the phone in the front pocket of his jeans before heading downstairs to the kitchen. When he stepped in, he noticed Sherita was already sitting down. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail, displaying the outline of her face – the same outline he remembered tracing with the tip of his index finger this morning while he watched her sleep.

He walked over to her, pulled the barrette from her hair, setting her hair free then said, “I had breakfast delivered earlier. I told them I wanted something healthy, so let’s see what we have.” Desmond took two styrofoam containers from a paper bag and placed one in front of her, the other in front of him. He opened his tray and saw freshly sliced watermelon, cantaloupe, strawberries and cubes of ham and cheese with a croissant.

“Looks good,” Sherita said, tossing a piece of cheese into her mouth.

“Sherita, we haven’t talked about this, but I don’t want the family to know about us…that we’re—”

“Intimate,” she finished saying.

“Yes. I just want to keep that between us. So when we are visiting their houses, we will always drive separate cars and limit our conversation with each other.”

That stung a little, but Sherita brushed it off and said, “Whatever you say, Desmond.”

“Good. Now that we’ve gotten that out of the way, tell me some things I don’t know about you.”

“Umm…hmm. I don’t know where to start.”

“Did you grow up in Asheville?” he asked.

“I did. You?”

“No. I was born in San Francisco. That’s where I grew up. Dante convinced me, and Dimitrius, to move here after our parents passed.”

“What happened to them?”

“Uh…”

“I’m sorry. You don’t want to talk about that, I’m sure.”

“I don’t mind.” Desmond inhaled a deep breath. “My father died of a heart attack, and my mother died a few years later because she couldn’t live without him.” Keeping the conversation moving along, he asked, “How did you get into your line of work?”

“It was just something I always wanted to do. I have thousands upon thousands of photos I’ve taken since I was like thirteen.”

“I would like to see those one day.”

“You would?”

“Yes, I would. Do you have them here now?”

“No. I put them in storage with the rest of my things.”

Desmond frowned. “Storage? You gave up your apartment?”

Crap. She didn’t want him to know that. “Yes.”

“But you do know this situation is short term.”

“Yes, I’m aware of that, Desmond. You don’t have to remind me.”

“Then why’d you give up the apartment?”

“Because I, umm…I’m relocating after this is over.”

His jaw twitched. “Relocating where?”

“I’m not quite sure yet, but it’ll be somewhere close to the coast since that’s where I get most of my work.”

“I see,” he said, remaining expressionless though the thought of her leaving Asheville left him feeling empty already. “Speaking of business, how is the business going?”

“It’s okay. It could be better, and it will be once I move.”

He sighed. “Are you done with your breakfast?”

“Yes.”

He stood up, took their containers and tossed them in the garbage. “Come with me. I want to show you the place.”

She followed him into the living room where the second-floor ceiling was partially glass, providing ample light without the use of electricity. The fireplace was the centerpiece in the grand room. It seemed like it would be cozy in the winter. “I like the fireplace.”

“Me, too. I like it so much, I’d had one installed in my bedroom just like it.”

“You did?”

“Yes. Come with me. I’ll show you.”

She followed him up a spiral staircase, smelling his scent in the process. She was getting accustomed to it, was feeling herself getting comfortable by the smell, but she knew she had to fight the urge to become addicted to him.

“Here it is,” he said, allowing her to walk into his bedroom.

“Wow,” she said looking around. The fireplace was identical to the one in the living room just like he said and, in front of it, there were two elegant chairs and a small table. She could imagine him sitting there, having coffee with her, or better yet, chocolate-covered strawberries.

One wall, the one that gave the stunning view of the scenery, had floor-to-ceiling windows. His bed was huge, bigger than a standard king-size and the intricately carved designs of the bedposts and headboard looked like something fit for royalty. In fact, all the furniture and décor in his place was elegant and stylish, even down to the lamps and rugs.

Desmond watched her look around, wishing he hadn’t just told her that he wanted to forego lovemaking for two weeks. He’d never let a woman step a foot inside of his bedroom before, not even in his house, and with her here now, in his bedroom, he had visions of her laying in the center of his bed, waiting for him.

“Desmond?”

“Yes? Did you say something?”

“I asked if I could look inside of your bathroom.”

“Sure. Go right ahead.” When he saw her take steps there, he followed her, watching her look around in amazement. There was his-and-her sinks, a standup shower with water jets to hit you at every angle, a Jacuzzi tub, and walking further into the bathroom, there was another door that opened up to a walk-in closet – a closet so big, it looked like a bedroom. His shirts were neatly organized by color and so were his suits. His shoes had their own wall, and she’d guess there were about thirty pairs of dress shoes and about the same number of sneakers and casual shoes.

“Very neat and organized,” Sherita said, turning around to see him, but instead of standing in the doorway, he was immediately behind her, grabbing her into his arms and clamping down on her lips. Moans escaped her throat while flutters rolled down her stomach.

Desmond couldn’t fathom why it hadn’t bothered him for her to be in his house, his space like this. All he knew was he liked her. He stopped kissing her then stared, watching her lick her lips.

“Do you have anything else you want to show me?”

His lips curved into a wicked smile.

“House related, Desmond,” Sherita said, then giggled.

“No, well unless you want to take a peek in the guest bedrooms.”

“I do. Show me the way.”

After viewing the two guest bedrooms upstairs and the two down, Desmond showed her around outside. In the backyard, there was an in-ground pool, a hot tub, an outdoor kitchen area with two luxury patio furniture sets and a top-of-the-line grill.

“You have a beautiful home, Desmond. Just beautiful.”

“Thank you.”

“Don’t you get lonely out here all by yourself, though?”

“No. I’m not here a lot, and when I am, I enjoy my solitude.”

So he doesn’t want kids. “I see. What about animals? No dogs or cats?”

“No. I don’t have the patience for animals.”

“Oh.”

“What about you? You have pets?”

“No. It would just be another mouth to feed. I’m barely able to feed myself as it is.” She laughed.

“What?” Desmond asked, frowning.

“Don’t take that literally,” she told him. “I’m just kidding.”

He nodded, but made a mental note to check into her finances. And he also wanted to revamp her website. And if he recalled correctly, didn’t she need a new laptop?

“So what are we going to do now?” she asked him.

“Relax. I want to feel you in my arms for a while. Come on.” He reached for her hand and when they were back inside, he led her into the family room, where he sat down in the corner of the couch, leaned back, then motioned for her to get comfortable on top of him. She snuggled in place, then he powered on the TV.

Sherita closed her eyes when she felt his strong arms around her. This was the most mesmerizing feeling she’d ever experienced. She felt Desmond’s hand migrate to her hair.

“My hair is probably still wet. It’s so thick, it takes forever to get dry, well when I let it air dry, that is.”

“I can still play in it, though, can’t I?”

She smiled. “Yes. You can play in it.”

She closed her eyes, feeling his strong fingers massage her scalp.

A few minutes later, Desmond heard the slightest whimpers emerge from her mouth. She’d fallen asleep.

After she’d been sleep for roughly ten minutes, he eased up, lowered her back onto the couch, then went down to the basement. He dug around in her purse looking for some clue on who she banked with. When he saw her planner, he was sure he’d find some indication there. He flipped to the present month, July, and for Saturday, (tomorrow) she had scribbled in a note:





Leave for Myrtle Beach.





Myrtle Beach? She hadn’t mentioned to him that she was leaving this weekend. Would she actually leave without telling him? He also saw a note:





M/D Mortgage. Call B & C Bank for a loan if necessary.





Necessary for what? He flipped to the planner, looking for a login name or a password for her website and found that, too. He placed the planner back inside of her purse, at which time he saw a flash drive labeled, for website. He took it, then left her purse where he’d found it. He returned upstairs, grabbed his keys then walked out of the front door.

He took out his cell phone and called Dimitrius.

“What’s up, Des?”

“Hey, Dimitrius, I need a favor.”

“Shoot.”

“I need you to find a way to pull up Sherita’s bank records for the last…let’s say three or four months.”

“You know who she banks with?”

“B & C.”

“Okay. I’m on it,” Dimitrius said, no questions asked, just the way Desmond wanted it.

He jumped in his jeep, drove to the nearest electronics store. His princess needed a laptop.





CHAPTER 22





Sherita was working today, sitting on the barstool behind the register at Emily’s Boutique. She still couldn’t believe Desmond surprised her with a laptop last night, and he’d redone her website in two hours. Two hours! She was amazed by his talent, how organized everything was on her website, and she couldn’t thank him enough.

She’d been smiling a lot lately, and it was all because of him. She recalled how they’d sipped on wine in the hot tub while they talked about their lives, shared pleasant conversation and deep, mind-blowing kisses.

This morning, they showered together and Desmond had let her help him shave. After doing so, he lifted her to the countertop where he took a deep, early-morning, toe-curling kiss.

“What are you smiling about over there?” Emily asked Sherita, walking from the back office.

“Nothing. I was just thinking about something.”

“Some-thing or some-one?”

“Some-thing,” Sherita said. Her smile remained.

“So, I haven’t heard you complain about Desmond in a while. How are things going?”

Sherita shrugged it off. “Good. I’m in the basement apartment while I’m there, minding my own business, so I’m not sure what he’s up to.”

In the basement apartment…

She hadn’t stayed in the apartment in a week. Since the day Desmond told her he wanted to know more about her, she’d been snuggled up with him, in the center of his bed, encased in his strong arms every night, talking about their lives and learning more about each other. It took a lot of self-restraint on his part, she knew, but true to his word, he hadn’t attempted to initiate lovemaking. He genuinely wanted to know her.

“Hey, are you still heading to Myrtle Beach tomorrow?” Emily asked.

Sherita hadn’t mentioned anything to Desmond about leaving since she wasn’t sure if she wanted to leave or not. It’s not like she couldn’t use the money.

“Not sure yet. I need to, though.” My parent’s mortgage won’t pay itself.

Sherita looked up when she heard the chime of the door and there was Thane, walking inside of Emily’s Boutique. Sherita felt her heart drop to her knees.

“Good evening, Sherita.”

Emily looked at Sherita and whispered, “Umm, who is he, and why are y’all on a first-name basis?”

“What are you doing here, Thane?” Sherita asked him.

Oh, so that’s Thane, the heartbreaker, Emily thought quietly to herself. Her pleasant smile suddenly disappeared.

“I came to talk some sense into you,” he said.

“Excuse me?”

“Sherita, we could be so good together, baby.”

“First off, I’m not, nor will I ever be, your baby. I suggest you move on with your life and when you have visions of what you want your future to look like, don’t include me in them. I’m done, Thane, and if you keep bothering me, I’m getting a restraining order. This is your last warning. Do not call me. Do not text me and do not show up to my workplace.”

“I think you need to leave now,” Emily told him.

“All right. I’m out. And by the way, Sherita…tell your broke father to stop calling me for money.”

Sherita closed her eyes and shook her head.

“He’s a jerk, Sherita. Don’t worry about him.”

“That’s not why I’m upset, Emily. It’s my parents…excuse me for a moment. I need to make a call.” Sherita stepped into the back office, dialed her mother’s number and when she answered, she said, “Mom, did you tell Thane where I worked?”

“Yes. He said he wanted to see you baby.”

“How many times have I told you and Dad that I don’t want him? Thane is not a part of my life, Mom, so do not ever tell him where I work or anything about my personal life! Do you understand?”

“Now wait a minute, Rita…don’t take that tone with me—”

“I’m going to take this tone with you because I need you to listen to me! Listen to me, Mom! There will never be anything between me and Thane. How dare you tell him where I worked? What’s wrong with you?” Sherita felt a tear slide down her face. “I don’t want to do this because it’s a huge inconvenience to me, but I’m changing my number, and I’m not giving it to you or Dad because I’m sure it’s going to get back to Thane.”

“Sherita—”

“And if either one of you ever calls Thane again for money, you will never hear from me again. It’s me or him. Make your choice!” Sherita ended the call, dropped her phone on the desk and shook her head. Snatching a Kleenex from the box on Emily’s desk, she dabbed her eyes. She hated to talk to her mother this way, but it seemed to be the only way for her to know she was serious. Thane would not be a part of her life no matter what they said. Besides, she’d already given her heart to another man – a more difficult version of Thane. That was enough frustration to deal with all on its own. After everything she felt for Desmond, he would never love her. He could never fully commit himself to her. She was wasting her time, yet again, on a man who wanted to play games with her heart. A man who wanted to keep their relationship a secret. What was the point of dismissing Thane if she would turn around and date another man who was much worse?





CHAPTER 23





Sherita wasn’t home when Desmond jumped on his motorcycle and left to go to Dante’s house, so he hoped she remembered their deal – not to leak anything about the state of their relationship. He didn’t want his brothers getting the wrong idea. Settling down wasn’t for him, and he was tired of trying to convince his brothers of that.

The men were playing an early round of pool while Melanie and Emily prepared dinner.

“I’m going to go grab some beers since Dante forgot to stock his mini fridge,” Desmond quipped. He was walking towards the kitchen when he heard Emily talking to Melanie.

“I hope Sherita can make it tonight,” Emily said.

Desmond stopped in his tracks when he heard Sherita’s name. He stood there and listened instead.

“Why wouldn’t she? Is everything good with her?” Melanie asked.

Emily sighed. “Did she ever tell you about a guy named Thane?”

“No.”

“He’s her ex-boyfriend. Apparently, he’s been trying to get her back. He even came by the store today,” Emily said.

“Does she want to get back with him?”

Emily shrugged. “I’m not sure. She was upset when he came by the store today. She threatened him with a restraining order, but, then again, she told me at one point that she was considering getting back with him…said may have been her last chance at happiness.”

The frown in Desmond’s forehead nearly became permanent. Instead of listening on further, he continued into the kitchen and said, “Excuse me, ladies…just need to grab some beers.”

“No problem, Des,” Emily said.

Desmond quickly grabbed three beers then left out of the kitchen, returning to join the fellas, only he wasn’t in the mood to shoot pool or do anything else. Only thing he wanted to know was where Sherita was, and if she was with Thane.

Did he not make himself clear about Thane? He shook his head. She told him she didn’t want Thane, but seemed she had told Emily something entirely different.





“Like I was saying,” Emily continued after Desmond left the kitchen, “She had told me that maybe Thane was her last chance at happiness, but that was before she moved in with Desmond. Today…gosh, Melanie, she was so upset. I’ve never seen her break down like that. I’m really worried about her.”

“Hey everybody,” Sherita said from the front door.

Emily and Melanie walked swiftly to the foyer to greet her.

“Where are my babies?” Sherita asked.

“Oh, they’re in the family room, sleeping,” Melanie said.

“Can I help set the table or something?” Sherita asked.

“Sure,” Emily told her.

“I’ll go get the guys,” Melanie said.

Sherita dropped her purse in the foyer, washed her hands, then set plates on the table along with silverware. Melanie came back, holding Dimitrius’ hand, then kissing him before he took a seat at the dining room table.

After placing the last place setting on the table, Sherita looked up and caught Desmond’s eyes. She’d gotten to know him a little more and by the look on his face, she could tell he was disappointed about something, only she didn’t have a clue what it was.

She shot him a slight smile, remembering what he’d said – that he didn’t want the family to know about them. Even after dealing with Thane, arguing with her mother and having just left the cell phone store to get a new number and phone, she still managed to smile at Desmond. But he didn’t smile back.

Once everyone sat down, they wasted no time diving into their meals.

“Let’s not talk work tonight,” Dante said. “Let’s talk vacation. Me and Emily were thinking we should take some sort of exotic family vacation. What do y’all think?”

“It’s cool with me,” Dimitrius said.

“Me too,” Melanie responded.

Sherita bit her tongue. While they were talking family vacation, she was thinking about where she would move in three and a half months.

“What about you, Desmond?” Dante asked.

“Yeah. It’s cool.”

“Sherita, are you cool with it?” Dante asked.

“Oh, I’m sure I’ll be long gone before you guys go on your vacation. I’m not necessarily family.”

“What?” Melanie said.

“As far as we’re concerned, you’re family,” Emily said.

Sherita smiled and resumed eating her food. She decided not to comment further surrounding a family vacation because she knew she wouldn’t be with Desmond long enough to join them on a family vacation. Desmond had already told her that what they had was temporary, which she also knew was the reason why he hadn’t wanted her to say anything to the family about their relationship. It would be easier that way – easier for him to walk away.

She looked up at Desmond, watching him take a sip of water. Being with him this morning, sharing laughs and helping him prepare for work had been a good feeling. But that’s all it was – a feeling. A fleeting, hopeful moment of sharing precious time with a man whom she loved. She was creating memories with him, beautiful moments she would never forget only for the purpose of torturing herself later when they decided to go their separate ways. Correction – when he decided he had enough of her, and it was time to move on to his next victim.

She hated to think about him in that manner. When she was with him, she felt something totally different. When she’d fallen asleep in his arms, she was in heaven. Now, she was being tortured by the war she was waging between her head and her heart. And it was all her fault. She walked up on the snake. Did she really expect not to get bitten?

She inhaled a breath and shoved all of those feelings aside so she could have a shot at enjoying the evening. She took a sip of water, glanced up at Desmond again, watching him chew slowly as she stared at her.

“Hey, Sherita,” Dante said.

Pulling her attention away from Desmond, she looked at Dante.

“You know about our Grieving Hearts Connect Resort on Pleasure Island, don’t you?”

She nodded. “Yes. Pleasure Island is popular wedding destination. I’ve done a ton of photos there…never been to the resort, though.”

“You do know that’s where Emily and I were married,” Dante said, looking at Emily, reminiscing on how beautiful Emily was, standing there on the beach along with plenty of other brides in the mass wedding they had there.

“Yes. I know the story,” Sherita said smiling, remembering how Emily had told her everything Dante had done to make sure he got her. He did a lot of scheming to get his woman, but it all paid off in the end. Must be nice to be loved by a man who would do anything for you…who would create a fake profile just to get to know you. Well, that was a little stalkerish, but still, he did it. And then, even after Emily had tried to end things with Dante, he spent eight million dollars to make sure she didn’t lose her boutique. Even as she sat at the dining room table, looking at Dante and Emily staring into each other’s eyes, she could feel the love they still shared.

“I wanted to offer you the job of being our photographer this year. It’ll just be for a weekend, the last weekend in August. If you’re not already booked, I would love for you to work with us.”

Sherita smiled. “Oh…ah…umm…I may be booked that weekend, but I’ll check my calendar and get back to you.”

“All right.”

“Thanks for thinking of me.”

“No problem, sis,” Dante said. He glanced at Desmond, wondering why his brother had been so quiet during dinner. Earlier while they were playing pool, he’d been himself. Now, he was withdrawn and he hadn’t taken his eyes off of Sherita since she’d sat down.

Desmond pulled in a long breath. He couldn’t help but think of what he’d overheard Emily say – that Sherita was thinking about getting back with Thane. Had Sherita lied to him? She told him it was over with Thane, that she didn’t want him because he’d hurt her. He’d broken her heart. Now, she was considering getting back with him.

Desmond dropped his fork in the plate in front of him. He’d barely touched his food, not like him at all. Usually, he’d chow down and burn it all off at his home gym. Tonight, his unsettled stomach kept him from eating. All he could think about was another man’s arms around Sherita. Another man holding her. Kissing her lips. Submerging hands inside of her hair and—

He pushed away from the table and disappeared down the hallway. The moment he was out of sight, Dimitrius looked at Dante and said, “What’s with him?”

Dante shrugged his broad shoulders. “I don’t know. He was fine earlier.”

He was fine this morning, too, Sherita thought to herself. Now he was disengaged. He’d flip-flop occasionally – reminded her of the time when they were babysitting. They were having a decent conversation and he just got up, walked away and avoided her for a week.

“I hear my babies,” Sherita said, giddy-like, pushing away from the table and rushing off to the family room. She took Grace from the Pack-N-Play and bounced her up and down. Melanie had dressed Grace in a pretty, pale pink dress with the matching socks.

Emily came in, took Ezra into her arms and said, “Look at mommy’s big boy. You love your mommy don’t you?” She kissed his cheeks then lifted him in the air, watching him smile again.

The women returned to the dining room with the babies, at which time Sherita noticed Desmond had returned to his seat. She sat in the same chair as before, in front of him, holding Grace saying, “Hey pretty girl. Goodness, Melanie. She has the most beautiful eyes. And so does Ezra, Emily.”

“Those are the eyes of a Champion,” Dimitrius said.

Sherita smiled. “And I love her cute little outfit. It must be so much fun to shop for little girl clothes.”

“It’s fun to shop for little boy clothes too, thank you very much,” Emily chimed in.

“I know, but girls seem to have such a wider selection,” Sherita said.

“Well anytime you want to come shopping with me, let me know,” Melanie said. “And when you have a little one, I’ll go shopping with you.”

“Well, you’ll never go shopping with me, then,” Sherita said, rubbing Grace’s silky-smooth hair.

“Why not? You don’t want children?” Melanie inquired.

“I do, but I have to find a man first,” Sherita said.

Dante looked up at Desmond the same time Dimitrius had.

Desmond’s face tightened. Darkened. If he had to sit here and endure anymore of this, a blood vessel would burst in his head. He stood up, pushed away from the table and said, “Sherita, can I see you outside for a moment?”

And all eyes were on them…

Sherita looked up at him, confused. He wanted their relationship, or whatever they had, to go unnoticed by the family, but yet he was requesting she step outside with him. Alone. She could only imagine what his brothers were thinking. What Emily and Melanie were thinking. “Yeah, okay,” she said lightheartedly. She handed Grace to Melanie then followed Desmond through the kitchen and out of the back door.

Standing on the patio with his hands in his pockets, a dark sky overhead, he asked, “Why have you been ignoring me all night?”

Sherita frowned. “I haven’t been ignoring you Desmond. I’m doing exactly what you requested of me. You said you didn’t want the family to know about us.”

“I didn’t say to ignore me. You can still talk to me. But you’d rather take passive-aggressive shots at me instead.”

“I’m not taking shots at you.”

“Really, because Melanie just asked you if you wanted children, and you told her you had to find a man first? That’s not a shot at me?”

“No. It’s not,” Sherita replied. “You’re not my man. How can you be my man when I can’t even claim you in public? When you don’t want your family to know you’re slightly interested in me?”

His lips tightened. “Guess that’s why you’ve been thinking about getting back with Thane, huh.”

“What?” Sherita asked, her eyes blazing with anger from his accusation. “I’m not getting back with Thane. What are you talking about?”

“I’m talking about the reason you got here late tonight, Sherita. You think I’m stupid? Actually, I must be to believe anything you’ve ever told me.”

“Desmond—”

“Tell me something…when you’re with him, do you think about me?”

“Desmond—”

“Do you whisper in his ear? Play with his hands?”

Sherita shook her head. Since she couldn’t get a word out, she decided to say nothing.

“Do you?” Desmond asked.

Sherita’s lips trembled. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, Desmond.”

Raising his voice, he took a step closer and said, “I’m talking about the fact that you lied to me when you told me there wasn’t anything going on between you and Thane. Yet, you show up here, late, and can barely make eye contact with me. You’ve been avoiding me all night, Sherita.”

“Because you told me to!” she snapped, yelling at the top of her lungs. “What’s wrong with you, Desmond?”

“What’s wrong with me is, I don’t like being made a fool of.”

Something broke inside of her when she heard him say those words. She felt tears slide down her face. “You don’t like being made a fool of?” she asked with trembling lips. “Wow. That’s amazing. The bachelor, the player, the womanizer who openly admits he can never love a woman doesn’t like to be made a fool of.”

Too angry to look at him, she looked away while brushing tears away from her face. But why was she looking away? She hadn’t done anything wrong. So, boldly turning back towards him, meeting his gaze, she said, “I was late tonight because I went to get a new phone and a new number so Thane couldn’t call me anymore. My parents…” she stopped when her voice cracked. When more tears fell from her eyes. “My parents gave him my number without my permission, so I went to get a new phone. That’s why I arrived late.”

Sherita panted and took a breath. “If anybody is a fool in this situation, it’s certainly not you. It’s me, for falling in love with yet another man who doesn’t want me.” She wiped her eyes.

“Sherita, I—”

“I know what you’re going to say, and you’re absolutely right. You did tell me what this was upfront, so I guess I should be thanking you, Desmond Champion, for not wasting two years of my life like Thane did. You’ve only wasted two months, but I will not waste another day of my life with you. I’m done playing by your stupid rules and listening to your lies. I was never special to you. All I am to you is another dumb woman you slept with…that you can mark off your list. So go ahead and draw a line through my name because I’m done!” She pulled the diamond ring from her finger and threw it at him. “You can keep this meaningless piece of crap and the laptop you bought. I don’t want to keep anything that reminds me of you.”

Sherita wiped her eyes, walked away from him. Back inside, she breezed through the dining room and on to the foyer to grab her purse.

Everyone looked stunned when they saw tears flowing out of her eyes.

Dante frowned.

A look of confusion washed over Dimitrius’ face.

“Sherita, what’s wrong?” Emily asked, standing up with Ezra in her arms, heading to the foyer.

“Nothing. I have to go,” Sherita said, hurrying out of the front door with her purse.

“Sherita, wait,” Emily said, rushing to catch up to her, still holding Ezra.

Melanie handed Grace off to Dimitrius and went to catch up with them.

“Sherita,” Emily said. “What’s going on?”

“I can’t do this anymore,” Sherita cried. “Tell Dante I’m sorry. I can’t keep up the charades with Desmond, and I can’t live with him.”

“What happened?” Melanie inquired.

“I don’t want to talk about it, Melanie. I just know I’ve had enough. I’ll come back and visit you guys when I get settled.”

“Get settled?” Emily said, disappointed. “Sherita—”

“I’m sorry, Em. I have to go.”

“Then let me drive,” Emily said. “You don’t need to be driving right now. You’re too upset.”

“I’ll be fine. I’ll call you later.” Sherita pulled the door handle, quickly jumped inside of her car, then drove away using her hands as wipers for her eyes.

Emily climbed the stairs, walked back inside of the house and handed baby Ezra off to Dante then said, “Where is he?”

“Emily,” Dante said, seeing wetness in her eyes that made him angry at whomever caused his wife to become upset to the point that she was near tears. He had a feeling it all had to do with Desmond. “We shouldn’t interfere, sweetheart.”

“I am interfering,” she said. “Where is he?” she asked, rushing to the back door. She opened it and saw Desmond leaned against the railing, looking out into the backyard. “What did you do to her?”

Desmond looked around and caught Emily’s fiery gaze. “This doesn’t concern you, Emily,” he said as smoothly as a calm breeze in the summer night air. “Actually, it does,” he corrected. “I overheard you say that Sherita was considering getting back with her ex.”

“And?” she frowned.

“So it’s true?” he asked.

“Whether it’s true or not, what’s it to you, Desmond? It’s not like you want her.”

Desmond narrowed his eyes at her. “How do you know what I want?”

“I don’t know what you want,” Emily said, shouting. “I know what you don’t want, and that’s her, especially considering the way you treat her!”

“Whoa,” Dante said, walking over to Emily, placing his hand flat against her back. “Baby, why are you yelling?” He looked up at Desmond and said, “What’s going on, Des?”

“Nothing,” Desmond said. “I was just about to leave.”

“Yes, she told me she was considering getting back with Thane,” Emily blurted out. “But that was before she agreed to this marriage arrangement with you, Desmond. And she’d only said it because she was angry. She felt like no one wanted her…felt like she needed to settle for him since, according to her mother, he was her last chance at happiness.” Emily’s lips quivered. “Now, thanks to you, she’s moving away.”

“Moving away?” Desmond said, frowning.

“Yes. She told us she would come back and visit whenever she could.”

Desmond released a heavy sigh. “I have to go.”

“Des,” Dante said, stopping him. He took a hard look at his brother, seeing something he rarely saw in his eyes – sadness. It didn’t take a genius to see Desmond had it bad for Sherita. Why couldn’t he see it himself?

“I have to run,” Desmond said. “Sorry about dinner. Sorry about everything.”

He rushed inside of the house, grabbed his helmet from the foyer and rushed out of the front door. After securing his helmet, he jumped on his bike and rushed to get home. He had to get there before Sherita had gathered all of her things.





CHAPTER 24





Her car was still in the driveway. That was good. He snatched off his helmet, got off of the bike and saw the passenger side, rear door open on her Honda. While unzipping his motorcycle jacket, he glanced inside, saw clothes stacked on the backseat and shoes in a box on the front seat. That wasn’t good.

His heart sank. He rushed inside, nearly ran down the hallway and down the stairs into the basement apartment where he saw her filling another box.

“What are you doing, Sherita?” he asked evenly with feverish eyes.

She looked up at him with her pinkish eyes and puffy eyelids. “What does it look like I’m doing?” she asked with a fragmented voice. She picked up the small box and headed for the stairs when he stepped in front of her.

“Put the box down, please,” Desmond said, feeling stabs to his soul by her current state. By the sadness in her eyes and her pink nose that she’d rubbed excessively. He’d caused it. All of it. “We need to talk.”

“No, we don’t,” she sniffled. “I’m done talking. Excuse me.”

“Put the box down, Sherita,” he demanded.

“No. Get out of my way,” she said, pushing forward, pressing the box against his stomach. “Move!”

In a fit of rage, he grabbed the box from her grasp and tossed it to the floor, its contents spilling out. He reached for her, but she swatted his hands away.

“Don’t touch me,” she said, tears falling from her eyes yet again.

“Sherita—”

She shook her head while backing away from him. “No. I’m not going to let you do this to me anymore. I’m done, Desmond!”

He took a few steps forward. “You’re not leaving me,” he said with arrogant eyes.

Her lips trembled. “I am leaving. I can’t do this anymore.”

He reached out to touch her again, and she pushed his hands away.

“Stop, Desmond.”

“You’re not leaving me.”

“Watch me,” she said, grabbing her purse from the bed, and before she turned around, Desmond had circled his arms around her, restraining her from behind, pulling her to him.

“No,” she cried. “Let me go, Desmond.” She dropped her purse and attempted to pry his hands away from her, to free herself, but she was no match for his strength. “Let me go!”

“No. I will never let you go, Sherita.” He slowly turned her around so he could see her face. “Look at me,” he said, holding her arms.

“No,” she said, trying to wiggle out of his grasp as more tears spilled out of her eyes. She gasped when she felt the warmth of his fingers glide underneath her shirt and up her back. “Stop. I don’t want this anymore.”

“Sherita, look at me,” he said calmly, gliding his fingertips up her sides, feeling her body shiver.

“Stop,” she whimpered, feeling weak and helpless in his strong arms.

With glassy, troubled eyes, he swallowed back his emotions and said, “Look at me.”

“No.”

“Look at me!” he erupted, palming her wet face with his hands, forcing her attention.

She connected her eyes to his and when she did, she saw his golden, glossy eyes, filled with sadness.

“I will never let you go,” he said, blinking back tears, and before she could say no to him again or push him away, he leaned forward and kissed her lips, feeling her tremble in his arms.

“Desmond,” she managed to say in one last, breathless retort, and then she felt herself being lifted from the floor as he took her up the stairs to the main floor and on to the second level – to his bedroom. He lowered her to the Egyptian cotton sheets on his bed, his body firm and heavy on top of hers.

Desmond ravenously took her lips again, kissing her. The wetness on her face had broken his heart. Ripped through his soul like a jagged knife. He planned to repair all the damaged he’d caused – not to himself, but to her. This was all about her. He traveled to her neck, kissing her softly there while feeling her cry and whimper.

“Desmond, don’t do this to me,” she begged with a distorted voice. “Don’t make me love you. I don’t want to love you anymore. Please just let me go.”

He stopped kissing her neck, connected his vision with hers, seeing even more tears escape her eyes while he felt something he hadn’t felt in a long time – a single tear slide down the length of his face. The last and only time he’d cried was when he lost his parents. And now, on the verge of losing a woman he cared about, the woman he’d married, the woman he’d let inside of his heart, a tear escaped his eye.

“I can’t do that, Sherita,” he admitted, his soft voice trailing off. He gave her a long, penetrating gaze before he lowered his mouth to her face, kissing her tears away.

The sensation of his lips against her face had her gasping for air with a wide-opened mouth. And he took the invitation to kiss her again.

Tasting the saltiness of her own tears on his tongue, she gave in to him, yet again, her hands migrating to the back of his head as he deepened the kiss.

He pulled away from her and stared deep into her eyes to make a request of her, a request he’d never made of any other woman. “Make love to me, Sherita.”

Confusion, love and submission blended together in her eyes. When she slid her hands underneath his shirt, pulling it up over his head, she knew her heart was winning this battle. She maneuvered her body, sidling onto his lap, securing their connection in one, long, sweet surrender. How he’d managed to get her to wave the white flag, even when she was angry at him, was beyond her.

She tugged at his hands, gesturing to pull him up to a seated position and when he sat up, she wrapped her legs tight around his waist, feeling him descend deeper into her sensitivity.

“Des,” she whispered. She watched him look at her again. Staring into his intoxicating eyes – eyes she remembered being sad a few moments ago, she took a small kiss from his lips and said, “You’re all the man I could ever want.”

Touched by her words, he leaned forward, connecting their mouths, kissing her again, devouring her sighs like the late night snacks that they were.

Sherita wrapped her legs around him even tighter, pulling him in closer. She kissed him with the same intensity and fervor as he kissed her.

He grazed her back with the slightest touch of his fingertips before circling his arms around her, pulling her into him more, if that was even possible. He listened as her moans thickened along with the ragged breaths she was able to take. He felt her body tighten around him, all of her, until she crashed against him, waves of passion forming one after the other. Rising, then falling. Cresting.

In a quick maneuver, with their bodies still connected, he lowered her to her back, staring down at her. “Sherita, look at me, baby.” He watched her, panting softly. Still riding the wave before being swept under the current that was him. All him. “Sherita, baby, look at me.”

Sherita opened her eyes, staring directly into his as he had requested.

With his hands locked around her wrists, his body reclaiming her, he said, “I love you.”

She looked shocked for a moment as if she was unsure of what he’d said.

“I said, I love you,” he repeated as if reading her thoughts. “And yes, you should be flattered because I’ve never said those words to another woman. Only you, princess. I love you.”

“I love you too, Desmond.”

“Mmm,” he moaned as he kissed her again, satisfied she’d said it back. Her words triggered something explosive inside of him, prompting him to slam his eyes shut and sail off into paradise, taking her with him again.

He smiled, then kissed her again while holding her body hostage. And they made love once more until neither of them could hardly catch their breaths. Afterwards, she rested her head against his firm, moist chest while their bodies cooled off – while they struggled to breathe normally again.

Sherita closed her eyes, pulled in a breath full of his scent, then found his free hand, interlocking their fingers. His other hand was submerged in her hair.

“Desmond.”

“Yes, baby.”

“I have to leave tomorrow for work.”

He’d known that already, especially since she had written it in her planner. “You don’t have to.”

“I do. I have couples counting on me to capture their memories.”

“And where are you supposed to be going, Rita?”

“Myrtle Beach.”

“For the entire weekend?”

“No. I’m leaving tomorrow evening, and I won’t be back until next Friday.”

Desmond frowned. “Next Friday? You’re leaving for an entire week?”

“Why do you make it sound so bad? The time will go by quickly, and you need a break from me anyway.”

“No, I don’t.”

“You do. Desmond, you have work to do. Before I knew who you were, I realized you had a strong work ethic and since I’ve been here, I’ve been a constant distraction for you. So, use this week to get your work in order…finish phase two of the marketing plan you’ve been working on and Friday, I’ll be back.”

She was right. He couldn’t argue against it. She was a distraction, a good one, but still, a distraction. “Where are you staying?”

“I haven’t booked a place yet.”

He snickered. “You’re going to Myrtle Beach in July, and you haven’t booked a place yet?”

“I usually find some lil’ rinky-dink motel. I’m not worried about it.”

“I’m not worried about it either, because I have a vacation home there. That’s where you’ll stay.”

Sherita smiled. “That’s very generous of you, Desmond, but—”

“I’m not asking you to stay there, Sherita. I’m telling you. No wife of mine is staying at a motel.”

Sherita smiled against his chest, lifted her head just slightly to kiss him.

“I’ll give you the address and keys in the morning.”

“Okay, Des.”

“What time does your flight leave?”

“I’m driving.”

Desmond sat up, prompting Sherita to do the same. “That’s a five and a half hour drive.”

“It’s a drive I’ve taken many times before, Desmond.”

He shook his head. “No. I don’t want you driving.”

“I’ll be fine,” Sherita said. “I don’t want to fly. I need to take all of my equipment, and I don’t want to lug all that stuff around trying to get on and off a plane.”

“In that case, we can hop on the company jet.”

She looked at him, seeing the worry in his eyes. “I’ll be fine.” She kissed his lips, then slowly leaned against him so he was lying flat on his back again. She rested her head back onto his chest.

After releasing breath, he said, “Then you’ll take the Mercedes.”

“And what are you supposed to drive to work?”

“I’ll take your car.”

Sherita laughed. “Not with those long legs you have. Plus, my car doesn’t suit your style.”

“I’m not worried about myself. I’m worried about you. So you’ll take my car, and I’ll take your car.”

“If you insist.”

“Now get some sleep so you can be ready for that long drive.”

“Yes, sir,” she said, then giggled.

“I’m serious, Sherita,” Desmond said. She hadn’t even left yet, and he was already starting to worry.

“Okay, Desmond. Goodnight.”

“Goodnight, princess.”





CHAPTER 25





In the morning, Sherita eased out of bed to prepare for her road trip, smiling when she saw that, at some point during the night, Desmond had slid her ring back onto her finger. She packed a suitcase with a week’s worth of clothes, some of which she had to take from the back seat of her car. She pulled the bag to Desmond’s jeep, opened the back door smelling the scent of him floating into the morning air. She pulled in a breath of it, feeling her body quiver by his smell alone, thinking about how he’d made love to her last night.

And he said he loved her…

She didn’t know if he meant it, or if he only said it to get her to stay. It was probably the latter. If she walked away, she’d put fifty-million dollars in jeopardy, and he couldn’t let that happen, right, especially after going through great lengths to ensure The Champion Corporation sealed this deal with Victor.

What man would marry a woman just to secure some business deal, anyway? It was hard enough to find a man who was willing to commit himself to a woman let alone marry one. Men married for one reason – they found their soul mate and for fear of losing her to someone else, they put a ring on it. Too bad the ring Desmond had given her had nothing to do with love.

“And just what do you think you’re doing?”

Sherita spun around quickly, startled by Desmond’s voice. She looked him over, watching the smirk form in the corner of his lips. He’d come outside in a pair of white boxers. Nothing more. He wasn’t even wearing shoes. With hard-as-concrete abs on display and well-pedicured feet, he stared at her, his eyes more focused on her lips more so than her eyes.

She had to blink a few times to make sure she wasn’t dreaming. Finally, she said, “Umm, I’m putting my things in your car.”

“I’ll do that for you, sweetheart.” Desmond lifted her suitcase, placing it on the backseat. “What else do you need?”

You. She smiled when the thought came to her mind.

“Sherita?”

She blinked quickly and said, “Oh, I need my photography equipment.”

“Is it all still in the back seat of your car?”

“Yes.”

She watched as he scooped it all up, placing her equipment in the back of his jeep.

“Is that everything you need?”

Lips closed tightly, she nodded.

He smiled and narrowed his eyes at her. “What’s going on with you this morning?”

Feeling her cheeks redden, she said, “Nothing.”

He smirked. “I have to go grab the keys for the house. Be right back.”

“Okay.” She felt silly. How could she be so shy around him, especially after last night? Still, she could admit he made her nervous in ways no one else had the power to, and as she watched him walk back to the house, she could see the muscles running through his back, his arms and the muscular thighs she’d wrapped her legs around last night.

While she waited for him, she walked around to the driver side of his jeep, opened the door and got in, sitting there running through her mental checklist, making sure she had everything she needed for the week.

“Oh, that’s right…I have to leave my car keys for him,” she said in a monotone.

She turned to the right, seeing him head back to the car as her eyes keenly watched every step he took.

When he made it back to the car, he walked around to the driver side where she was sitting, opened the door and said, “Out.”

She grinned. “What?”

“You heard me. You think I’m going to let you leave without feeling your arms around me…without leaving a kiss on those juicy lips of yours?”

She felt goose bumps travel down her body. At his request, she stepped out of the jeep and stood there, sandwiched between Desmond and the car. “Here are the keys to my car,” she said, handing them to him.

He took them from her grasp. “Here are the keys to the vacation home.”

She reached for them, taking the keys from his grasp.

“I wrote the address on this envelope,” he said, handing it to her.

She looked it over.

“And I gave you a little spending money, too.”

“I don’t need any money, Desmond,” she said holding his gaze, before looking down at the address of his vacation home, only so she could break away from his hungry eyes.

He took a step closer to her, standing domineeringly tall, cinching her waist with his large hands. “Take it and buy yourself something nice.” Using his index finger, he lifted her chin and brought his lips to meet hers, kissing her with an intentional greed, feeling her moan in the process. He pulled away from her, held her head in between his palms and said, “You know I don’t want you to go, don’t you?”

She smiled. “Yes. I’m aware of that.”

“Then why are you leaving me?” he asked, leaning forward, leaving kisses on her neck, feeling her body shudder.

“D-Des, we…we talked about this already.”

“I know. I’m just not ready to turn you loose.” He sighed heavily then connected his sight with hers again. “I want you to call me every hour on the hour. Okay.”

“Okay.”

He pulled her into his embrace again. When he let her go, he said, “Drive safe, baby.”

“I will.” She turned around, climbed up into the jeep while reaching for the seatbelt, securing it. When Desmond closed the door, she started the jeep, driving slowly down the driveway, heading for the road when she heard Desmond scream her name. She applied the brakes, checked the rearview mirror and saw him standing in the driveway.

He must’ve forgotten something.

Shifting the jeep into reverse, she backed up, stopping a few feet from where he was standing then shifted the car in park. She pressed a button to unlock the doors, reached for the handle to open the door, but the door flung open before her hand could touch it.

Desmond reached in, undid her seatbelt then snatched her from the vehicle and into his arms, kissing her again. Gosh he hated to let her go, but just like his work was important to him, her job was important to her, too.

“Why do you do this to me, girl?” he asked, taking her in his arms again.

“Aw, Des…you’re a big boy. You’ll be just fine without me.”

He leaned down so his forehead touched hers. “I don’t want you to go. Stay with me.”

“Des.”

He sighed heavily and moaned voraciously when he lowered his mouth to hers again. “Drive safe for me.”

“I will.”

“I love you, Sherita.”

“I love you, too, Desmond.”

He took a final kiss, then after jumping back inside of the jeep, she drove away.





CHAPTER 26





She hadn’t been gone for an hour and he’d already missed her. When she left, he went inside, took a twenty-minute shower and now, sitting at the table with his laptop in front of him, he wanted to catch up on work but a nagging urge to call her had him folding his laptop closed. He took out his phone, dialed her number then heard three loud beeps followed by a message:





The number you are trying to reach has been disconnected or is no longer in service.





Disconnected? He pulled up her name in his contacts again and, with a thumping heart, he dialed her number again.





The number you are trying to reach has been disconnected or is no longer in service.





That’s when he remembered she told him she’d gotten a new phone and a new number. The problem was, she hadn’t given him the number.

He picked up his cell phone again, dialed Emily’s number, and as soon as she answered, he asked, “Do you have Sherita’s new phone number?”

Detecting a hint of panic in his voice, she said, “No. Why, Desmond? Is everything all right?”

“Yes. I’ll call you back.”

“Des—”

Desmond glanced at his phone when he heard the call-waiting indicator. He hoped it was Sherita, but when he saw Dante’s name, he grew crestfallen. “Emily, I’ll call you back,” he told her and didn’t give her any time to respond before he clicked over. “What’s up, Dante?”

“I’m sitting in front of your house. Where are you this morning?”

“I’m here. Come on in.” Desmond, ended the call, but held on to his phone. When he heard Dante walk in, he yelled, “I’m in the kitchen.”

Dante headed that way and when he saw his brother sitting at the table, he asked, “Hey, where is your jeep? Didn’t think you parked it in the garage.”

His jeep…Sherita had been driving his jeep. He’d never let a woman do that before. He wanted her to be safe, which is why he requested she take his vehicle, but that didn’t stop random images of her dozing off, running off the road, or crashing into a guard rail from popping in his head. Each time it did, it rattled him. Unnerved him.

“Des?”

Withdrawing from his trance, his leg bouncing up and down underneath the table, he looked at Dante. “What?”

“Where’s your jeep?”

“Sherita has it.”

The visions were eating at his soul. Sherita was in his head, her voice calling for help: Help me, Des! Her face was covered in blood. A semi had slammed into her, trapping her inside the vehicle. And she couldn’t get out. She was dying, and she couldn’t get out.

Dante took a seat close to him. “What do you mean she can’t get out?” he asked.

Had he said that out loud? It wasn’t intentional, and since he didn’t want his brother to know how petrified he was, how troubled he was, he said, “Nothing. So what brings you to the Southside, Dante?” Desmond asked. He wasn’t in the mood for company, especially unannounced company.

“I was concerned after what happened at dinner last night.”

Help me, Desmond, he heard her say, reaching out to him with a bloody hand. He glanced at his phone. She needed to call him now. This needed to stop. “There’s…no need to be concerned.”

“Oh, I think there is,” Dante said. “You requested to speak to Sherita alone and the next thing I know, she’s in tears.”

“Well, she’s—” Lying in the road, bleeding from her mouth while paramedics try to stabilize her, attempt to secure her on a stretcher and…

“She’s what, Des?”

Desmond glanced up at Dante again for before glancing at his phone. “She’s fine.” He checked the volume. Sherita was due to call any minute now.

“Where is she, by the way?” Dante asked.

“Who?”

Okay, something was definitely wrong with his brother, Dante knew. He was completely aloof, in the same room with him, but not really. Something had him shook, and he had a feeling it all centered around Sherita. “Sherita, Des. Where is she?”

“She’s on her way to Myrtle Beach to work,” he answered, setting his phone on the table and wiping his sweaty palms on his pants.

“And what was last night about?”

Desmond sighed. “Why are you asking so many questions, Dante?”

“Because I’m worried about Sherita. And you.”

Shattered glass and blood was in her hair. Desmond glanced at his phone. “Sherita is…Sherita is fine. There’s nothing for you to be concerned about.”

“Then I need to talk to you about something.”

Fingers tapping against the table, leg steadily bouncing, Desmond asked, “About what?”

“Mom and Dad.”

Desmond shook his head. “Not in the mood.”

“Des—”

“I don’t want to talk about them, man. Why do you insist on bringing them up like you can miraculously make them come back? They’re gone. Dead. Done. They’re not coming…” Desmond stood up, walked to the sink and stared out of a window into the backyard. “They’re not coming back.”

“Come on, Des, man, talk to me. Every time I bring up anything about Mom and Dad you dismiss it. I know it’s affecting your life.”

He glanced at his phone again. “It’s not affecting my life.”

“It is, and why are you so fidgety right now?”

Desmond turned around and met his brother’s inquisitive gaze. “Because I’m waiting on a phone call.”

“From who?”

“From Sherita.” Desmond walked back over to the table and sat down again. After taking a moment to get his thoughts together, he said, “I think about them a lot…Mom and Dad. I don’t talk about it because it’s difficult. I remember…I remember Dad playing the piano and singing to her. He loved her and when he died, something inside of her died, too. It’s like the light had went out. I tried to make her happy, but…” He took a breath and shook his head. “Dimitrius tried playing the piano for her, but she wasn’t happy because she didn’t have him anymore. She didn’t have Dad.”

Dante nodded, reminiscing on what Desmond was saying.

“She had us,” Desmond continued, “But we weren’t enough.”

“She was grieving, Des. You know Mom loved us as equally as Dad did.”

“Then why did she give up so easily after Dad died? Why did she forget about us and allow herself to fall into a state of despair?” Desmond dropped his head. “Losing them was the first time in my life I’d felt real pain, and I told myself it would be the last.”

“So am I right to assume you’ve been avoiding commitment because you’re afraid of something happening to the person you would commit to?”

Something happening to the person you would commit to…

He was sweating thinking about that person now – thinking about her being involved in a car wreck, about her dying. How could he be in a relationship with a woman, with Sherita, if he was constantly worrying about her whenever she was out of his sight? He couldn’t be. He’d never been so shaken by a woman in his life, and he didn’t like this feeling one bit. It was taking over his life, controlling him. He needed to take the control back. Answering his brother, he said, “Something like that…guess that makes me a coward.”

“It doesn’t make you a coward, Desmond. It makes you human. Listen, bro…when Anita died, it tore me apart. I loved her. We were close. I had already planned our life together. Our kids. Our home. Her dying wasn’t a part of the plan, but she died, and I’m not going to lie…it was one of the hardest, most heartbreaking trials I’ve ever faced. To this day I don’t know how I was able to get myself out of bed the few days after it happened, but I did. I got up, moved on and found the courage to love again.”

Desmond nodded.

“You’ve been saying, for a while, you never wanted a wife and kids and if that’s really the way you feel, the way you are, then I won’t try to convince you to change. But if you’re that way because of what happened to Mom and Dad, then, Des, I urge you to sit down and reconsider, maybe even get some counseling.”

Desmond shook his head, unsure if that’s what he wanted to do. He had his mind made up already, especially after these visions in his head. There was no way he could live like this.

“Emily and Ezra are my world,” Dante said. “When I leave work, I have them to come home to. A family. There’s no better feeling than that, Desmond.”

“And what if something happens to them? Then what? What if you lose them like you lost Anita? Like we lost Mom and Dad?”

Dante sighed. “What if the earth blew up and wiped out all human existence? You can’t live your life based on what ifs, man.” Dante stood up, frustrated. Why was it becoming increasingly difficult to get through to Desmond, lately? “Listen…I’m on my way to pick up Emily and Ezra. We’re meeting Dimitrius, Melanie and Grace at the zoo. You’re welcome to tag along if you would like.”

“No. I have some errands I need to get done today. And I’m sure Emily doesn’t want to see me anyway.”

“Oh, that reminds me,” Dante said. “I don’t know what’s going between you and Sherita. I hope you will talk to me if you need some advice, but while you work through whatever it is that’s bothering you…that’s making you irritable and spastic, I need you to be considerate of Emily. I understand problems arise, tempers flare…we work together. I know that. But don’t ever raise your voice at my wife. I won’t tolerate that, not even from you.”

“I was out of line. I’m sorry.”

“Don’t tell me…tell her,” Dante said. “I’m out.”

“All right. Later.”





CHAPTER 27





A little over an hour into the drive, Sherita took her phone from the passenger seat, finding Emily in her contact list. She dialed her number.

“Hello.”

“Hey, Em. It’s Sherita. I just realized I didn’t give you my new number.”

“Apparently, you didn’t give it to Desmond either. He called me about twenty minutes ago, asking me for it. What’s going on with you?”

Detecting panic in her voice, Sherita said, “Emily, I’m fine. Why do you sound so worried?”

“Because I am worried. I haven’t spoken to you since you left last night, Sherita. You were in tears, telling me you were leaving and—”

“I know, but I’m okay now.”

After a few seconds of silence, Emily asked, “What’s going on between you and Desmond? It’s obvious something is going on.”

“Emily—”

“No, Sherita, be honest with me. I’m worried, okay.”

“You have no need to worry.”

“Sure I do.”

“Why?” Sherita asked.

“Because I don’t think Desmond is right for you, and I don’t want you to end up getting hurt.”

“Am I hearing you correctly? You were the main advocate to get me and Desmond together, but now you don’t think it’s a good idea.”

“No, I don’t. You were right. Desmond isn’t like Dante and Dimitrius. He always said he never wanted to get married, didn’t want children, so why link up with someone who doesn’t want the same things you want? Gosh, Sherita…you were so upset last night. I thought you were on the verge of a nervous breakdown or something.”

“Emily, I appreciate you for trying to look out for me, but I’m okay. I really am. I got this.”

“So in three months, after TCC finalizes the deal with Victor, you have no problem walking away from Desmond?”

Sherita pulled in a breath. She would have a major problem walking away from Desmond. She was in love with him. Still, she hid her feelings and said, “If we need to go our separate ways after three months, then we’ll go our separate ways.” It hurt to say that because she wanted Desmond as a permanent part of her life. But, she had to face reality at the same time – Desmond had never been in a serious relationship so why would he start now? Why would he give up everything for her?

“Okay,” Emily said, sounding relieved. “What are you doing? Sounds like you’re in a car.”

“I’m on my way to Myrtle Beach. I have a job booked every day beginning today and on until Friday.”

“You’re driving?”

“Yes. I’ll be back Friday evening.”

“Good. Work will help you get your mind off of things.”

“Yep. How’s my baby? I hear him trying to talk.”

“He’s fine. He was running a slight fever last night. Don’t know what that was about, but he’s fine now. We’re actually getting ready to go to the zoo whenever Dante gets back.”

“Okay, Girl. Well, I’m going to go so I can concentrate on the road. I’ll talk to you later.”

“All right. Be careful Rita, and call me when you get there.”

“I will. Bye.”





Desmond had been pacing the deck with his cell phone in his left hand when the ringing snatched his attention away from his thoughts. He saw a number he didn’t recognize and quickly answered, “Hello.”

“Hey, you.”

He closed his eyes, feeling relief wash over him like the cold shower he’d had earlier. “Sherita, I told you to call me. And why didn’t you leave your cell phone number with me?”

“Desmond, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for you to worry, but I’m fine. Everything is fine.”

“You didn’t leave me your number. I was worried about you.”

“I’m sorry, Des. I really am. You forgive me, handsome?”

Desmond scrubbed his right hand down his face and said, “Skip every hour. I need you to check in with me every thirty minutes.”

Sherita grinned.

“Why are you laughing?” he asked, his irritation mounting by the second.

“Des, don’t you think every thirty minutes is a little excessive?”

“Not at all. You’re alone, on the road, and I want to make sure you’re okay Sherita. If you don’t call me, I’ll call you.”

Sherita smiled. Then, teasing him, she said, “Doesn’t mean I’m going to answer.”

Frowning, he all but growled, “Do you think this is a game to me?”

“Desmond—”

“I’m not playing around with you.” He mumbled something incoherent, inadvertently, hanging up the phone. He never wanted this, never wanted a woman this close to him. He’d let her get too close, and now he had to deal with the repercussions. Or did he?





CHAPTER 28





Sherita had tried calling him back several times after their call was disconnected. At first, she thought she dropped the call, or maybe it was his phone. Hours later, she realized he must’ve hung up intentionally, especially since he wasn’t answering her calls or wasn’t trying to call her back. This from the man who ordered her to call at the top of every hour, then every thirty minutes…

She’d seen multiple red flags from Desmond – parts of his personality she didn’t like. He was controlling – not like those Dr. Phil guest husbands who told their women when to eat, sleep, cook and wash their feet. He was controlling in simple things – in when he wanted her to call him, telling her to drive his car when her car was perfectly operational and even laying out those bogus rules for her when they first entered into this agreement – rules he’d broken.

She also thought it was a double standard for him to insist she didn’t see or talk to Thane, not like she wanted to anyway. Still, she hadn’t told him to stop talking to his women, and even if she had, would he have listened? She wondered just how many women there were.

And the last thing about him that bothered her the most was the fact that he was pretending he loved her. If he really loved her like he claimed, then why did he request they keep their relationship a secret from his family? To pretend like they were merely nothing but housemates when they shared the same bed? His bed?

Sherita shook her head and placed a hand on her stomach, feeling queasy. Emily was right. This thing she had with Desmond wasn’t going anywhere. They’d been living together for close to two months, and she was still a secret. If any man was going to claim to love her, then he would have to express that love publicly. She wasn’t about to be anyone’s secret wife.





Arriving at Ocean Creek Resort in North Myrtle Beach where she had her only job of the day, she gathered her camera and other equipment, heading out to the beach where she would take pictures of Josh and Lily Shaffer. They’d booked her for the job a year ago.

Sherita held the camera in her hand, instructing them on how to stand as they were immediately in front of the shoreline. She’d already taken photos of the entire wedding party. Now, she was busy snapping bride and groom shots.

Bride and groom…

She thought back on how her courthouse marriage to Desmond Champion had been the most rushed, coldest ceremony a woman could have. There was nothing special about the day. It was all about money. Seeing this couple happy, in love and proclaiming that love in front of hundreds of guests left her with a sour feeling in the pit of her stomach. A man had never loved her this way, and she doubted one ever would.

Withholding tears, she gathered up her equipment, then walked as quickly as she could to the bathroom where she leaned over a toilet and vomited. The fatigue of driving so far alone, working in ninety-degree heat and then having to think about Desmond was stressing her out to the point where she’d become sick. She wasn’t sure how much more of him she could take.





CHAPTER 29





She drove to Desmond’s beach house and sat there in the jeep, not wanting to go in. She tried to call him again but he hadn’t answered. Now, she was worrying. Sick and all, she was worrying.

For a split second, she thought about calling Emily but decided not to. Desmond would call eventually, once he got out of his sour mood.

Finally getting out of the jeep, she opened the back door, took her suitcase from the back seat, then rolled it to the front door of the house. She found the house key Desmond had given her and when she unlocked the door, she stepped in, pulled her bag in and closed the door.

“When I tell you I love you, do you believe me?”

Sherita turned around so fast, she almost lost her breath. Desmond was standing there, in the living room. Was she seeing things? He had on a pair of jeans, a white tank top and his hands were hidden in the front pockets of his jeans.

“Desmond?” She placed a hand over her heart. He nearly scared the life out of her.

“Answer my question, Sherita.”

After balancing her breathing, she asked, “Desmond, what are you doing here?”

“Answer my question, Sherita,” he said in a demanding tone.

“Answer mine,” she said, thoroughly confused, hearing the beats of her muffled heart in her ears. She’d left him standing in the driveway this morning and didn’t expect to see him again until next Friday.

“Okay,” Desmond said. “This is my house. That’s why I’m here. Now, answer my question. When I tell you I love you, do you believe me?”

“No,” she answered honestly. How could she believe him after what they’d done? What he’d done? This marriage was nothing more than a business transaction. Even when she thought they were becoming something more, he’d told her not to tell the family about them.

He glared at her, hands still in his pockets. “You don’t believe me?”

“No. Is that why you came here? To ask me that, when all you had to do was call me or answer your phone? I—”

“Why don’t you believe me, Sherita?”

Holding his angry gaze, Sherita said, “This is ridiculous. I didn’t expect to see you here, and I didn’t come here for this, Desmond. I don’t feel good, I’ve had a long, stressful day and I don’t need this right now.”

“Why don’t you believe me, Sherita?”

“It really doesn’t matter.”

“It does matter,” he said angrily, his eyes darkening. He took a few steps closer to her and said, “Why must we play these games?”

“I’m not playing any games.”

“Then answer my question. When I tell you I love you, why don’t you believe me?”

Sherita pulled in a breath. Deciding to put it all out there and be honest with him, she said, “I don’t believe you because my gut tells me the only reason you said it was to keep me around. If I leave, your company risks losing fifty-million dollars so naturally, you would do whatever it took to make me stay – buying a laptop for me, redesigning my website, letting me drive your car, giving me a thousand dollars for spending money, the keys to your vacation home – everything you do for me, supposedly out of generosity, has a purpose and nothing about it involves love. It’s business, and I get that. I signed on for that. But I didn’t expect to fall in love with you, but I did. So when you tell me to pretend like there’s nothing going on between us in front of the rest of your family, I do it, while pretending it doesn’t hurt me. When you make love to me…sorry, let me correct myself. When you sleep with me, I pretend you are a man who actually wants me, who swept me off of my feet and got down on one knee and promised to love me forever, but you’re not that man. You’re just a man who sees what he wants, knows what he wants and does anything to get what he wants. I know I can’t compete with fifty-million dollars, but it was nice to pretend.”

Sherita pinched the tears from the corners of her eyes. “I take pictures of these happy couples all the time and with every flash of my camera, I always wonder when my time is coming. When my prince would sweep me off of my feet and declare his undying love for me in front of everyone – our friends and family. But that time will never come for me because I always end up with men like you, and Thane.”

Without saying a word, Desmond took a final step in front of her, placed his hands on her face and said, “You don’t believe any of that.”

“I do…every word of it.”

“Then why do you make love to me, Sherita? You say I’m controlling, that I don’t love you and that this is all about the money for me, but I have never, nor will I ever, force you to make love to me. So why? Why do you make love to me?”

With trembling lips, she responded, “Because I love you, Desmond.”

He swallowed hard when he watched the tear crawl down her face. He released her, turned away then walked on through the kitchen and out the door.

Dabbing her eyes, she stood there, in the foyer, debating whether or not he should stay or go. One thing was for certain – she was tired of crying.

Taking her suitcase upstairs, she pulled it inside one of the bedrooms and ran into the bathroom, vomiting again. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d been this sick. Then again, she couldn’t recall being this worked up over a man, a job and on top of all of that, she’d had to deal with her parents, their mortgage, then finding a new apartment in a couple of months.

Peeling off her clothes, she showered quickly then turned off the lights and slid between the covers. In the morning, she’d be able to think clearer. She’d be able to make a decision about whether or not she would fulfill the remainder of this five-month marriage deal or go on her way.





Desmond climbed the stairs. He didn’t like what love was doing to him. He’d been acting sporadically, irrationally, taking a flight to Myrtle Beach with the sole purpose of making sure she was okay, especially after all of those visions he was having. He could’ve called her back, but her voice alone wouldn’t suffice. He needed to lay eyes on her.

Standing over her bed now while she slept, he thought about the things she had said – that he didn’t love her because the only thing that had brought them together was money. That was true – a business deal had brought them together, but he knew what he was feeling for her had to be love. He never went to such extreme lengths to ensure the safety of a woman. He was never angry when he couldn’t reach a woman by phone, and he never felt the urge to be close to a woman as he felt with Sherita. And it hurt him to know she didn’t think his love was real. He was insulted when she’d lumped him in the same category as Thane.

He eased on the bed so as not to disturb her, then rubbed his fingers on top of her soft hair. “I don’t want to hurt you anymore, Sherita,” he whispered. “You’re right about me. I’m no good for you.” He stood up again, leaving her bedroom and headed to the living room. He shouldn’t have come here. He realized that now. Come morning, he’d leave before she had a chance to be upset by his presence yet again.





CHAPTER 30





After reluctantly leaving Myrtle Beach Sunday morning, Desmond returned home to Asheville in the early part of the afternoon. Then he did what he did best – he got down to business. He had lunch delivered, sat at the table in the kitchen and ate alone, flipping through the newest edition of Business World Magazine, reading an article Dante had texted him. It was an entire write-up on Victor Westwood – how he had started from humble beginnings and ended up a billionaire. He highlighted points he could use, gathering some much needed inspiration for marketing ideas. Then he began writing a list of tasks – things he needed to accomplish for the upcoming week.

Later in the evening, he’d spent a couple of hours working out – lifting weights and running on the treadmill. He did what he had to do to keep his mind off of Sherita. He hadn’t spoken to her all day. He had a decision to make about her – to leave her alone or love her. Both options struck fear within him because he did care for her, and he, for sure, didn’t want another man stepping in and doing for her what he couldn’t do. Still, it wasn’t fair to lead her on to think their relationship would be anything more if that wasn’t his intention.





* * *





On Monday, Desmond sat at his desk, fully committing himself to phase two of the marketing plan for Service Swap. He’d just dismissed key members of the team he put together for this project when Dimitrius had come by his office to leave Sherita’s bank statements – the ones he had requested. Dimitrius didn’t even bother asking him why he wanted them. He just dropped the manila folder on Desmond’s desk and walked away.

Desmond looked at the folder. He was on a roll with the marketing plan, and he didn’t want to stop, but the statements left him curious. So, taking the folder in his hand, he set the marketing plan off to the side and began going through Sherita’s bank statements. Line-by-line he browsed her purchases, paying more attention to the bigger transactions like the withdrawal she made every month for fifteen-hundred dollars. Then there was another transaction for seven-hundred dollars. Her ending balance last month was close to eight-hundred dollars.

Desmond leaned back in his chair. He had no clue where the fifteen-hundred was going since it was a cash withdrawal, but the seven-hundred had been paid directly to a leasing company – the rent for her apartment, well when she had an apartment.

Desmond scratched his head. Why was he going through her bank statements anyway? Initially, he wanted to see her statements so he could determine how she was doing financially since she had jokingly made a comment about how she had been struggling. He looked at her account again. She hadn’t paid rent for two months, so shouldn’t her ending balance have been more than eight-hundred dollars? And where was this fifteen-hundred dollars going?

He thought back to the note she scribbled in her planner, the one that said, M/D Mortgage. She didn’t own a home, so why did she have something about a mortgage in her planner. Then it hit him. M/D was Mom and Dad. She was paying her parent’s mortgage. He frowned. According to her bank statements, she couldn’t afford to support herself and pay her parent’s mortgage, but she was doing it anyway. She was struggling.

Desmond looked up when he heard taps at the door. He watched Dante enter.

“What’s up, Des? Thought I’d come in here to catch up with you for a second.” Dante made himself comfortable in a chair in front of Desmond’s desk.

“How was the zoo on Saturday?” Desmond asked.

“It was nice. The kids enjoyed it. You should’ve seen how Ezra was looking at all the animals. And little Grace went nuts in the aquarium. That little girl loves water. Dimitrius is already talking about swimming lessons when she’s old enough.”

Desmond cracked a smile. “That’s a good idea.”

“Yes it is. So let’s talk phase two…Service Swap…where are we on that?”

“It’s a work in progress,” Desmond told him. “In phase one, I laid out the target audience—”

“Speaking of the target audience,” Dante interrupted, “Just wanted to mention this to you while it’s on my mind. Victor doesn’t think we should only market this concept to middle-class families. He thinks it would be a major benefit to the upper and lower class.”

“As long as he’s okay with increasing his budget, I’m good with taking that approach.”

Dante nodded.

“Which leads me to phase two,” Desmond continued. “During this implementation stage, I’ve met with my team this morning to lay out who’s doing what. Everybody has their assignment, and the team knows how important this account is to us.”

“Sounds like we’re moving right along then.”

“We are. After reading that article on Victor, I knew just where to take phase two. Thanks for texting me about it.”

“No problem, bro.”

Desmond glanced down at Sherita’s bank statements again. “Hey, Dante, I meant to ask you something.”

“What is it?”

“Back when we were discussing what it would take to secure this deal with Victor and you proposed Sherita and I get married, I told you she wouldn’t go for it, but you were confident you could get her on board, which you did. How did you do it?”

“I told her what was at stake and how much the deal would mean to the corporation.”

Desmond lifted a brow. “And it was that easy?”

“Well, she didn’t want to do it initially, but using my persuasive powers—” Dante paused. Laughed. “I’m kidding. She agreed to do it after I begged. She hated the idea. No offense.”

Desmond smirked. “None taken. I figure she didn’t want to do it. I just assumed you’d offered her money.”

Dante checked his watch. He had a meeting in a few minutes and wanted to make sure he was back to his office in time. “I did offer her money…offered her a million dollars.”

Desmond glanced down at her bank statements, then with a look of disbelief, he asked, “You offered her a million dollars?”

“I did.”

Desmond grimaced. Sherita had come down hard on him about using her for the million dollar contract with Victor when she was paid a million dollars to go through with it. She was no better than him. And since she took the money, did she really love him like she claimed?

He looked at her bank statements again. Confused. Something wasn’t making sense. Surely that kind of money would’ve been deposited in her bank account. So where was it? Another bank perhaps?

He looked up at Dante again and saw a smirk on his face. Dante was studying him. Reading him. “Are you telling me the truth, Dante?”

Dante crossed his legs and brushed a finger across his mustache. “I am. I offered her a million dollars.”

“Did you give her a check, or did you wire the money to her account?” Desmond asked.

“Neither.”

“How’s that possible?” Desmond questioned, growing irritated.

“Easy. She turned it down.”

His face went blank. “She turned it down?”

“Sure did. She said she wouldn’t take any money from me…said Emily and I were like family…said I was like a brother to her.”

Desmond slumped forward, leaning over his desk, burying his face in his hands. She didn’t take the money. She was struggling to pay her parent’s mortgage, had dreams of owning a portrait studio, and before he bought her a laptop, she had to use Emily’s computer, but she declined a million dollars.

“Is there a problem?” Dante asked. He wouldn’t force Desmond to talk to him, just like he couldn’t force him to see Sherita was a good woman. He had to figure it out all on his own.

“Nothing I can’t handle,” Desmond responded.

“Well, I guess I’ll get back to my office.” Dante stood up.

“Wait, before you leave, I need to talk to you about something.”

“What is it, Des?”

Desmond sighed then said, “I’ve never been in love, Dante, and I’m not sure if I’m…I don’t know if…I—” Desmond shook his head. “Never mind.”

Dante sat down again. Desmond wanted to talk about love. That was a good thing. It must’ve meant he was referring to Sherita. So, to answer what he think his brother was trying to ask, Dante said, “Could you imagine this woman making love to another man? Seeing her holding hands with another man? Sharing a life with someone else? Can you honestly say that if you never spoke to this woman again, never saw her face again you would be okay?”

Desmond dropped his head. No, he couldn’t imagine those things. He couldn’t bring himself to think about Sherita having a life with someone else.

Dante stood up and said, “Think about it. I’ll chat with you later.”

“Yeah. Later.”





* * *





At home, sitting on the sofa in the same position that he’d remembered holding Sherita there once, Desmond dialed her number. He hadn’t talked to her since Saturday and now that Dante clarified a few things with him, he knew he had to talk to her. He didn’t like how things had ended when he’d left the beach without even saying goodbye. He just left, didn’t give a thought to how she may have felt when she got up in the morning and saw that he was missing.

He listened as the phone rang, waiting to hear her voice. Needing to hear her voice.

“Hello,” she said unenthused.

“Hi, Sherita.”

After a brief pause, she responded, “Hi.”

“How are you?”

She sighed. “I’m okay. Been busy. How are you?”

“Been busy, too.” He sighed heavily. “I haven’t spoken with you since Saturday, so I thought I’d call. I didn’t like the way we ended things.”

“We?”

“Yes,” he said.

“You weren’t even supposed to be here. You were upset because I wouldn’t agree to call you every thirty minutes, and you flew here just to confront me about it.”

“I flew there because I was worried about you…because I kept having these visions in my head of something bad happening to you, and I needed to make sure you were okay.”

“Let’s not rehash that again.”

“Agreed,” he said.

“I am glad you called, though, because I’ve been doing a lot of thinking and this madness between us has to stop,” Sherita said. “It’s not like we’re going to end up together.”

This from the woman who said she loved him. Why was she ready to give up so easily?

“Umm…so,” Sherita stammered. “We can remain living together if it’s required for you and your brothers to secure this deal, or I can check with Dante to see if I can go ahead and move out. That’s probably the better option.”

Desmond felt a tightness in his throat. This isn’t how he imagined the conversation would go. “You want to move out?”

“At this point, I think it’s the best thing to do…for the both of us.”

“This point? What point is that?”

“You’re a very intelligent man, Desmond. You know what I mean. I’m…” She stopped herself from saying what was on the tip of her tongue because she didn’t want to offend him in any way, but then something came over her that didn’t care if he was offended or not. It was time to put her feelings first. “I’m done with falling in love with men who can’t love me in return. So I’m moving out. That way, I can come and go as I please without disturbing you, and you can entertain your guests without worrying about me.”

Entertain your guests. He already knew she was referring to women. He had told her before she was the only woman who had ever been inside of his house. So why was she alluding to something she knew wasn’t true?

Desmond closed his eyes and pulled in a breath. “Sherita, first of all, I told you I don’t invite women over to my house.”

“It doesn’t matter.”

“It does matter. Why would I lie about that?”

“Why do you do half the things you do, Desmond? I don’t know, and I don’t care. I just know this back-and-forth between us is over. I’ve already been checking out a few places, and I think I found a nice apartment. It’s only a studio, but that’s all I need short term.”

“And you’d rather move out of my house to go back to a studio apartment?”

“Definitely. You have a massive, five-bedroom house with all the trimmings, but’s it’s just as cold and shallow as your heart. I know I can do better.”

Desmond forced himself to breathe, feeling like his heart was slowing to a steady stop.

“Are you done talking?” Sherita asked. “I’m not feeling well and was just about to lie down.”

“How did we get here, Sherita?” Desmond heard himself asking when he couldn’t find any other words to say.

“Easy. I fell in love with a man who doesn’t want me.”

“I do want you. I’ve always wanted you, Sherita.”

“I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again…if it wasn’t for this deal, you wouldn’t be the least bit interested in me. Desmond Champion doesn’t settle down. Desmond Champion doesn’t want a wife and kids. Desmond Champion is Asheville’s most eligible bachelor. He has all the women thinking that, like his brothers, he’d settle down too, but not Desmond Champion. He doesn’t marry for love. He marries for money. For the sake of a company. He could care less about the women he damaged along the way. And I know there were plenty of fools before me…plenty of women who thought they found a winner when all you are is a cold-hearted, womanizing, self-gratifying, narcissistic jerk with a fancy house and a big bank account. Yeah, I can do better.”

Desmond forced her words down. He didn’t want to, but he did, simply because she was right about him. She described the man he’d become. Hearing her say it made him realize just how long he’d lived this life, and how much he didn’t want it anymore.

“I’ll have your car back safe and sound on Friday,” she told him. “And don’t worry…I’m not coming to anymore of your family functions so you don’t have to feel awkward about my presence. I know how important it is to you to make sure they never find out about us, so I’ll stay away for good. And do me a favor, Desmond…don’t call me anymore. I just got this cell phone. I would hate to turn around and get another one.”

Sherita ended the call, leaving Desmond sitting alone, listening to the dial tone after the verbal beating she’d just given him. She’d never spoken to him this way before which let him know just how angry she was. Now he had to work twice as hard to convince Sherita he loved her or risk losing her forever.





CHAPTER 31





“I must say this is a surprise, Sherita,” Dante said as he leaned back in his chair at the office. “I wasn’t expecting a phone call from you.”

“I know. I was going to call Emily instead, but I didn’t make this deal with Emily. I made it with you, so I decided to call you personally.”

“What’s going on? Are you still at Myrtle Beach?”

“I am, and that’s why I wanted to talk to you. I’m not trying to hurt the business you and your brothers have worked so hard to build, and I hope this deal can go through without me, Dante, because I’m not coming back.”

Dante frowned and threw his head back. After absorbing the initial shock of it all, he asked, “Why are you not coming back?”

“Because I can’t live with him anymore.”

“With Desmond?”

“Yes. With him.”

Dante shook his head. She didn’t even want to say his name. What have you done, Desmond? “Well it seems like you already have your mind made up and so does Victor.”

“Good. Then I guess this means I’m free and clear.”

Dante shook his head again. The first call he answers on Thursday morning was a call to let him know his plan to get Sherita and Desmond together had failed. “Sherita, I may need you to attend another dinner if Victor calls for one. Do you think you could do that for me?”

“As long as I don’t have a job booked that day.”

“Fair enough.”

“Oh, and Dante, I have another problem. I drove Desmond’s car here. Is there any way you can help me get it back to him and get my car down here to me?”

“Uh…” He couldn’t believe it was happening, and the sad part about it for him was, he liked Sherita. She was one of Emily’s best friends, and Emily didn’t know any of this was going on. “Yes, I can have it arranged. Did you leave your keys with Desmond?”

“I did.”

“Then you know when I ask him for the keys to your car, he’s going to want to know why.”

“I know. I just need my car back.”

Dante sighed. “All right. I’ll take care of it.”

“Thanks, Dante.”

“Thank you, Sherita. I’m sorry about all of this.”

Dante placed his phone back on the receiver then rubbed his eyes. This was partially his fault. He shouldn’t have been playing matchmaker with his brother anyway. He knew Desmond wasn’t ready to settle down. He’d been saying it for years. Desmond had a lot of issues he hadn’t been dealing with, and they were consuming him, ruining his life.

Dante picked up the phone again and dialed Emily. She was at the boutique this morning.

“Hey, you,” she answered. “What are you doing calling me so early?”

“Baby, I just got a phone call from Sherita.”

“Okay. Is she all right?”

“She’s not coming back, Emily.”

“What do you mean she’s not coming back?”

“I mean, she’s not coming back. She called to notify me of that and to arrange to have Desmond’s jeep picked up.”

“Wait…don’t do anything yet. Let me talk to her. This doesn’t sound like Sherita.”

“She was upset…seemed like she had her mind made up.”

“I’ll call her now. Are you going to talk to Desmond?”

“Not now. I’m too irritated to talk to him right now. He’ll be by the house later. I’ll talk to him then.”

“Okay. Well, let me call Sherita.”

“’Kay, baby. I love you, Emily.”

“Love you too, Dante. Bye.”





CHAPTER 32





Sherita glanced at her phone seeing Emily’s picture and name on the display. She could barely hang up with Dante and Emily was already calling. And she knew why.

“Hello,” Sherita answered.

“What do you mean you’re not coming back?”

“Emily—”

“This has to be a joke. You’re joking, right.”

“No, Emily. I’m not joking. I’m not coming back. I told you I was leaving last Friday. Why are you acting like you’re surprised now?”

“Because when I talked to you a few days ago, you said everything was okay, so I thought you and Desmond had straightened things out.”

Sherita closed her eyes. Rubbed them. “I’m staying here in Myrtle Beach. That’s what I should’ve done in the first place instead of getting involved in this stupid marriage nonsense for The Champion Corporation. That’s my fault. I’m the idiot for doing that. Now, I’m doing something about it.”

“But that has nothing to do with me or our friendship. You’re punishing the rest of the family for something somebody else did to you.”

“I’m not punishing you.”

“That’s exactly what you’re doing, Sherita!”

“So we can’t be friends long distance? Is what you’re saying? I don’t understand why you’re upset, Emily.” Then she snapped. “Why do you want me to come back to Asheville? Seems everybody wants me for something, but it’s never anything genuine. I mean, are you afraid you won’t find anyone to work at your boutique anytime you need them, because I’m sure Dante will take care of that for you. You have a nanny. You don’t need my babysitting services. So why do you want me to come back?”

“Because you’re my friend, and I love you.”

A tear slid down Sherita’s face. She sniffled and brushed it away. “I’m not coming back. I’m done…done doing everything for everybody else, making other people lives happier and easier and what do I get in return? Not a thing as usual. Goodbye, Emily.”

Sherita hung up the phone and dropped her face into her hands, sobbing. She was close with Emily. She was close with Melanie, too, and then it dawned on her – what about Ezra and Grace? If she never went back, she wouldn’t see them grow up.

And they wouldn’t get to know their twin cousins she was carrying inside of her.





CHAPTER 33





How could I have been so oblivious before? Desmond shook his head, frustrated at himself for not being there for the woman he loved. She needed him, and he had all the means to help her but hadn’t done a thing to assist her. Well, he’d done a few things, but not as much as he could have. No wonder she didn’t think he loved her. His actions hadn’t been speaking louder than his words. That’s why, for the rest of the week, he’d been working tirelessly to do things he knew would help her greatly. He’d tracked down her parents, Lewis and Carol Wilkins and paid off the remaining balance on their mortgage. Now they owned their house free and clear, and Sherita didn’t have to worry about making their mortgage payments any longer.

Next, he called his realtor to line up some commercial properties that would make an excellent home for a portrait studio. Sherita would be back on Friday night and Saturday, he would take her around to look at some properties. She was upset with him at the moment, but once she saw how he had been thinking about her, the anger she felt would soon vanish.





* * *





Desmond glanced at his watch. She should’ve been here by now, he thought. Sherita told him she wasn’t coming back, but he thought for sure she’d be here at Dante’s house tonight for dinner, if for nothing else, to see Emily, Melanie and the babies.

Dante discreetly watched Desmond sit alone, withdrawn, glancing at his watch and his phone, waiting for her. He wasn’t his normal, talkative self. Wasn’t into the game tonight. And he knew why.

“Des, you want to shoot this round?” Dimitrius asked, holding a cue stick.

“No. I’m good,” Desmond said.

Dante sighed heavily. “Desmond, she’s not coming.”

Desmond sat up tall. “What are you talking about?”

“Sherita. She’s not coming back,” Dante said. “Did she not tell you that?”

“She did, but…I thought she was saying it out of anger. Did she tell Emily she wasn’t coming back?”

“She did, after she called me. She wanted me to make arrangements to have someone drive her car to the beach and drive your car back.”

Desmond stood up, turned away from Dante before turning around again. “Thanks a lot, Dante. Thanks for having my back,” he said angrily.

“Why are you getting upset with me? You need to be mad at yourself. You did this!” Dante snapped.

Emily and Melanie rushed over to see what all the commotion was about while Desmond headed for the door, kicking over a chair.

“You need to stop blaming everyone else for your own mistakes and insecurities, Desmond.”

Desmond stopped in his tracks, turned around and looked at his brother with rage in his fiery eyes.

“That’s right, I said it,” Dante continued. “I handed Sherita to you on a platter, but you’re too thick-headed to realize you actually love her because love isn’t your thing. You let the best thing that has ever happened to you slip away because you’re set in your own ways.”

Frowning, Desmond slowly walked back towards the pool table. “What do you mean you handed her to me on a platter?”

Deciding to come clean, Dante said, “I made the whole thing up, Desmond. Victor could give a crap about your marital status. I lied…made the whole thing up because I knew you liked Sherita but all you ever did was avoid her. So, I thought if I convinced you two to marry, then you would fall madly in love and realize you were soul mates…that you belonged together. But my plan failed because while she fell in love with you, you could not care less about her.”

“That’s not true,” Desmond said, shaking his head.

“It is true. If it wasn’t true, why aren’t you over there right now, trying to get her back? Why am I making arrangements to have your jeep picked up?”

“I don’t need you to make any arrangements on my behalf. I’ll go and get my own car.”

“Actually, I decided to come get my car, so here are your keys,” Sherita said.

Desmond turned around so quickly, he almost broke his neck. He watched her hold his keys out in front of her, extending her arm towards him.

No one had seen her come in and the look of surprise on their faces said they hadn’t expected to see her.

At that moment, Desmond didn’t care about the keys, the car or anything else. He only cared about her. It had been a long, lonely week without seeing her face, touching her body, holding her. He didn’t care how angry she was. Her anger couldn’t compare to how much he’d missed her. So, walking towards her, he said, “I’ve missed you.”

“Just take your keys, Desmond.”

Desmond took the keys and shoved them in his pocket.

“Where are mine?”

“At home,” he told her.

“Figures…guess I’ll have to get it with the rest of my stuff.” When Sherita turned to walk away, he reached for her arm, grabbed hold of her and said, “I know you’re bitter, and you have every right to be.”

Sherita snatched her arm away from him and said, “Don’t touch me. Don’t ever touch me again.”

“Sherita—”

“I have to go,” she said, walking away without speaking to anyone else. She came to the house for one reason, and that was to give Desmond his keys back and get hers. She wasn’t in the mood to talk to anyone else.

Catching up to her in the dining room, Desmond said, “You got a chance to scream in my ear and tell me everything you needed to tell me. Now it’s my turn to say what I need to say to you.”

“You sure? Your family is around.”

“Do I look like I care? I need to talk to you, Sherita.”

“Why? Whatever it is you have to say won’t change anything.”

Desmond squeezed his eyes together tightly. “Okay. I know I messed up with you and for that I apologize. And I know I’ve been acting crazy and doing all kinds of weird things, and everything you said about me is right. I am a jerk, and I’m sorry, Sherita. I’ve never been in love before, and I don’t know…if…” He couldn’t find the right words. “All I know is, I don’t want to lose you, Sherita,” he said, taking a step closer to her. “I don’t want to fight with you. I want to love you. I miss you.”

She shook her head. “It’s too late, Desmond.”

“Why is it too late?”

“Because I don’t love you anymore.”

An ache slammed into his chest, nearly knocked him off balance.

I don’t love you anymore.

Those were words he’d never thought she’d say. She may as well had driven a knife through his heart. For a long while, he just stood there, dazed, feeling a chill consume his core. The room was quiet, too quiet, until Grace’s faint cry grabbed Melanie’s attention.

Melanie walked away to get her.

“Well, I guess there’s nothing left to be said,” Desmond’s lips quivered. He walked outside, jumped inside of his jeep and drove away, heading for home. She hurt him to his core, and he imagined she was hurting just as equally, if not more. But if she didn’t love him, then there was nothing he could do about it. He’d never chased after a woman before, and he wasn’t about to start now. Women chased him. Not vice versa.





CHAPTER 34





“Does anyone care to give me a ride to my hotel, or are we just going to stand around in shock?” Sherita asked.

Dante frowned, not at her straightforwardness and sarcasm but at her demeanor. Desmond had done a real number on her, so much so that she was expressing her anger in ways she probably never had before.

Melanie tilted her head to the side. Who was this woman and what happened to the Sherita Wilkins she knew? The one who was sweet and loveable?

“You know what…forget it. I’ll call a taxi,” Sherita said.

Dimitrius shook his head. Desmond had dug a hole for himself, and he knew his brother had crossed over into uncharted waters where Sherita was concerned. Desmond had never given his heart to a woman, but the one woman he wanted to give it to, he had acted upon it too late. Now, she had fallen out of love with him.

“First of all, you’re not calling a taxi, and you’re definitely not staying at a hotel, Sherita,” Emily said. “Second, we need to talk.”

Sherita pushed out a bitter exhale.

“Dimitrius, let’s go check on Desmond,” Dante said.

“Yeah. Let’s do that.”

Once the men were out of the door, Emily said, “Let’s go in the family room with Melanie and sit down for a minute.”

Sherita followed her there, sat down on the sofa, watching Melanie rock Grace to sleep.

“I know all of this has been difficult for you,” Emily said.

“You think you know,” Sherita said. “You don’t know the half.”

“I know you love Desmond—”

“I don’t. Didn’t you just hear me tell him that?”

“I heard you, but I don’t believe you.”

Sherita hid her face with her hands, trying to keep tears at bay but to no avail. Of course she loved him. His babies were growing inside of her. How could she not love their father? “I’m so stupid,” Sherita cried.

Melanie scooted closer to her and said, “You’re not stupid, Sherita.”

“I am. I don’t know why I allow myself to keep falling for the same kind of man. The wrong kind.”

“But Sherita, he just told you how he felt about you, and you shot him down completely.”

“Because I know a lie when I hear one. He would’ve never married me if he’d known Dante set this up.”

“Maybe not, but he did, and I think he really cares for you.”

“How can he, Emily? You know Desmond as well as I do.”

“Nah…I don’t know him as well as you do,” Emily quipped.

“You know what I mean,” Sherita said, smiling through her pain. Desmond has always maintained that he never wanted a wife, and he definitely didn’t want children, and now, he has those things.”

“Wait…what?” Melanie asked.

“What do you mean he has those things? Desmond doesn’t have any children unless you’re—” Emily’s mouth dropped open. “Sherita are you—”

“Pregnant?” Sherita finished saying for her. “Yes. I’m pregnant.”

“Oh my gosh!” Emily exclaimed.

Melanie was just was excited. “Congratulations!”

“Yes! Congrats!” Emily said. Then, staring at Sherita’s stomach, she continued, “You don’t even look pregnant. Your stomach is as flat as a deflated balloon.”

“I’m only three months, Emily. You’ve been through this process. You know you don’t start showing until around five or six months.”

The women encircled Sherita with a hug.

“Does Desmond know about the baby?” Emily asked.

Sherita shook her head.

“You do know you have to tell him, right?” Melanie said.

“I do, and I will. I just need to do it on my own time. I have to figure out a plan on how we’re going to co-parent before I approach him with it.”

“So you’re still planning on living in Myrtle Beach? Permanently?”

“Yes.”

Tears came to Emily’s eyes. “It’s not fair, Sherita. I always thought our children would grow up together.”

“Me too,” Melanie said. “And I don’t care what he says. Desmond loves kids. You’ve seen him with Grace.”

Sherita smiled. “If only he could love his own child that way.”

“I agree with Melanie,” Emily said. “There’s no way Desmond would give up his child. Let’s face it…he claimed he never wanted to fall in love, but he just declared his love for you in front of us.”

“It wasn’t an actual declaration of love. He was just doing what he felt he had to do like he always does.” Sherita said. “And then Dante…” Sherita shook her head. “Dante made up this marriage thing just so me and Desmond could get together. Why is your husband always doing something behind the scenes?”

“He said it was because he knew Desmond liked you,” Emily said.

Sherita furrowed a brow. “So you knew about this all along?”

“No,” Emily said, palms up. “I thought it was a genuine concern of his…thought he really needed y’all to be married in order to secure that deal. I tried to talk him out of it…told him I didn’t think it was a good idea at the time, but he persisted.”

Sherita smirked. “I remember how persistent Dante can be.”

Emily chuckled, recalling how Dante had pursued her. “Don’t worry, Rita…I’m going to strangle Dante first chance I get.”

The women laughed.

“Leave Dante alone,” Melanie said. “He’s the reason why me and Dimitrius got together. I will always be grateful to him for that.”

Sherita cracked a half smile. “Well at least it worked out for you, Melanie.”

“It could work out for you too, Sherita,” Melanie told her.

“It will work out,” Emily said. “I doubt very seriously if Desmond Champion has ever admitted to loving anyone, and he says he loves you. Something tells me he’s not done with you, Sherita, especially when he finds out you’re carrying his child.”

Sherita sighed heavily. Something had told her the same thing.





CHAPTER 35





He drove his jeep home for the first time in a week. In the passenger seat, he saw an envelope containing the money he’d given her. I don’t love you anymore. He never thought it would come to that. Giving her a few days at the beach alone had driven them apart instead of doing the opposite. Now, he was paying the price for breaking a woman’s heart.

I don’t love you anymore.

Desmond poured a shot of vodka then tossed it back to his throat. Sherita was the only woman he loved, the only woman he cared for. And she said she didn’t love him…

He sat on a barstool in his kitchen, his elbow resting on the countertop, his hands covering his face.

“Des, where you at, man?” Dimitrius shouted from the living room.

“I’m in the kitchen,” he said, unenthusiastically. He didn’t even glance up when Dimitrius and Dante stepped in.

“He got the Grey Goose out. That’s not a good sign,” Dimitrius said.

Dante walked over to the cupboard and took out a couple of shot glasses. He bought them over to the island, then poured a shot for himself and Dimitrius.

“No need for you to be in here drinking alone, man,” Dante said after tossing a shot back.

Dimitrius took one down, too.

“I really screwed up with her,” Desmond admitted.

“This is all my fault,” Dante said. “I should not have tried to put you guys together. I thought I was doing what was best for my little brother because I knew you wouldn’t make a move.”

“How could you be so sure?” Desmond asked with worried, pinkish eyes, turning to the right to look at Dante.

“Because I watched you stare her down for two years without doing anything about it,” Dante said.

Desmond smirked. “Stare her down…”

“You did. Dimitrius saw it, too.”

“I saw you looking at Sherita at my wedding,” Dimitrius said, tapping his shot glass on the countertop. “And it was so obvious you liked her when you would call around to make sure she wasn’t at our houses before you would show up. I recognized that approach right away, since I did the same thing with Melanie. I avoided her for a long time before I decided I wanted her for myself.”

Desmond cracked a half smile, though he didn’t feel like smiling at all. “Do you recall the first dinner we had with Victor?”

“Who can forget that night?” Dante quipped. “You and Sherita were on fire.”

Desmond smirked, remembering how Sherita had whispered in his ear, held his hand and kissed him. It was a kiss he would never forget.

Dimitrius grinned. “Melanie had asked me if she should pry you two away from each other with her salad fork.”

The men chuckled.

“I was really shocked, though,” Dante said. “I know I told you two to pretend you were in love, but I didn’t think you would go all-out like that. If you would’ve kissed any longer, you would’ve set off the sprinklers.”

Dante and Dimitrius laughed.

Desmond covered his face with his hands and sighed heavily before lowering his hands to the countertop again. “That’s the night our relationship changed…the night we became more than just two people working together for the sake of a business deal.”

“It’s been going on for that long?” Dante asked.

Desmond nodded. “She had me doing things I could never see myself doing before…had me wanting things I never wanted before, and I blew it.”

“You didn’t blow it, Des,” Dimitrius said. “Sherita still loves you.”

“How can you be so sure?”

“Because Melanie once said she didn’t love me, and it nearly killed me. It hurt. It was a lie, obviously, since we’re together now, but at the time, it hurt when she said it. I later found out she had a reason for saying it, and I’m sure Sherita has one, too.”

Desmond shook his head.

“So don’t give up little brother,” Dante said.

“Give up?” Desmond said. “I don’t give up. I told Sherita right out the gate that she was mine, and I meant it.”

“Well, it seems you have a lot of work to do, bro,” Dante told him.

“Looks that way.”

Dante stood up. So did Dimitrius.

“Well, I’m going to get back home,” Dante said. “I’m sure Emily is waiting to talk to me about all of this.” Dante patted Desmond on the shoulder. “Love you, man.”

Dimitrius laid his hand on the opposite shoulder and said, “Love you, bro.”

“Put the alcohol away, take a shower and try to relax,” Dante said.

“Sounds like something Dad would say,” Desmond said.

“It does,” Dante agreed. “Later.”

“Later, Des,” Dimitrius said.

“Hey, Dante,” Desmond called out from the island.

Dante turned around. “What’s up?”

“Do me a favor.”

“What’s that?”

“Get out of the matchmaking business.”

The brothers chuckled, then Dante responded, “Now that my brothers are married to the loves of their lives, I’m already out of business.”





When his brothers exited, Desmond walked down the hallway to the basement door and on into the basement apartment where a lot of Sherita’s things still remained. He assumed she’d be by to collect her items at the same time she came to get the car.

He walked pass the couch, near the bed recalling how they’d made love there. How she experienced her first time there. Revisiting those memories made him realize and remain firm to his resolve to get her back. But nothing could prepare him for what he saw next – an opened pregnancy test box jutting out from underneath the bed. He bent down, picked it up then sat on the bed with it in his hand. The test was missing.

With a racing heart, he searched through the bathroom wastebasket and when that didn’t turn up anything, he checked the kitchen. Nothing. Was she pregnant? A year ago, he couldn’t fathom the thought of having a child. Now, as he sat on the bed again, thinking there could be a real possibility Sherita was pregnant, that’s all he wanted. His child. And her.





CHAPTER 36





Against Emily’s wishes, Sherita spent the night at a hotel. She’d taken a taxi to Desmond’s house late, around 2:00 a.m. or so, then she drove to the hotel where she stayed for the night, and five additional nights, crying her eyes out while avoiding phone calls from everyone. No one knew where she was. As far as they knew, she’d gone back to South Carolina.

Checking out of her hotel, she took the overnight bag and tossed it in the backseat, looking at the few items that remained there. She inhaled a breath. She remembered vividly, two weekends ago, how she had been packing up her things and when Desmond came home and saw her packing, he’d stopped her, scooped her up in his arms and took her upstairs to his bedroom where they made love. Well, she wanted to believe they were making love, but now she knew better. In hindsight, she should not have gotten involved with him. She knew he didn’t want children. He was a bachelor. He drove a motorcycle. He took pride in getting any woman he wanted. His house wasn’t even fit for a child. Only for him.

Sherita shook her head, then pulled out of the hotel parking lot. Today, she would remain focused on accomplishing three things. One, visiting the doctor to have her first ultrasound. Two, talking to her parents about their infatuation with Thane. Three, she needed to get over to Desmond’s house to pick up her things, and since it was Monday, she was sure he’d be at work. She could get in and quickly get out without any interruptions.





* * *





She didn’t want to go to the doctor alone. She was ready for the 3-D ultrasound, ready to see her baby and hear its tiny heartbeat, but she needed some support. She needed a friend with her. It would’ve been nice if she had Desmond there, but why would he come when he didn’t want children. So she called Emily. She explained why she had been avoiding her phone calls and how she had stayed in Asheville for the week trying to determine her next move.

Calling Emily to go to the doctor with her had proven to be a good decision, especially when the doctor told her he heard two heartbeats. Sherita was so shocked, she felt like fainting. The ultrasound confirmed there was not one, but two babies – fraternal twins. After the shock of it all, the women were so overjoyed, it brought them to tears.





* * *





At her parent’s house now, she rang the doorbell. She decided she wouldn’t tell them about the babies just yet. She was there for something totally unrelated.

Her mother opened the door and said, “Sherita, where on earth have you been? Come on in this house. Do you know how worried I was? I couldn’t call you on the phone? What happened to your phone? And when did you move?”

“I changed my number. I told you I was changing it.”

“Why didn’t you give me your new number?”

Frustrated, Sherita shook her head. “Where’s Dad?”

“He ran out, Sherita. Are you going to tell me what’s going on? Where are you living now?”

“I’m moving to Myrtle Beach.”

“Why on earth would you do a thing like that?”

“I’m moving for work, Mom. Dad hasn’t found steady work yet and your mortgage won’t pay itself, now will it?” Sherita handed her mother an envelope that contained three-thousand dollars. “Tell Dad this is the payment for the next two months.”

She watched her mother frown.

“For the mortgage?” Sherita said, testily.

“Sherita, the mortgage is paid off.”

“It is?”

“Yeah. It is.”

“How’s that possible? You still owed fifteen grand on it.”

“Not anymore. A Mr. Champion came by with a check for the balance and told us he was doing it as a favor to you.”

“Mr. Champion?” Sherita asked. This had Dante’s name written all over it.

“Yes. Now, I don’t know why in the world the man would come pay off the mortgage, but I do know I saw a wedding band on his hand and—” Her mother lost her words when she glanced at Sherita’s hand and saw the huge rock there, sparkling underneath the lights. “Sherita, what is that on your finger?”

Sherita glanced at the ring. How did she forget to take it off? Was it because the man she loved told her to never take it off? Even if that was the case, after she came to the realization she didn’t want to be with him anymore, why was she still wearing the man’s ring?

“It’s nothing, Mom. Listen…I’m going to give you my number, but I do not want you to give it to Thane, okay. Thane and I are not a couple, and we will never be a couple. I don’t love him, and I would appreciate it if you and Dad would stop telling him what’s going on in my life.”

“All right, dear. You’ve made your point loud and clear.”

“Well please make it loud and clear to Dad.” Sherita took an old receipt from her purse then scribbled her cell phone number on the back. She handed it to her mother. “I have to go.”

“Where are you going? We need to discuss this move.”

“We’ll discuss it later. I’m going to get the rest of my things so I can go. I’ll call you later.”





CHAPTER 37





On the drive to Desmond’s place, Sherita pulled up Dante’s work number in her phone then dialed it.

“Dante Champion,” he answered.

“Hi, Dante. It’s Sherita.”

Dante glanced up at his brothers sitting across from his desk. Emily had already told him that Sherita was pregnant, but he’d been shocked when she called him this morning to tell him that Sherita was having twins. “Good morning, Sherita.”

Knowing his brother was talking to Sherita took Desmond’s attention away from his laptop, and now he was staring at Dante with fierce, inquisitive eyes.

“Hey, I just wanted to thank you for paying off my parent’s mortgage,” Sherita said. “I told you I didn’t want any repayment, but I really do appreciate this. You are too kind.”

Dante looked at Desmond when he said, “I’m afraid I can’t take credit for that, Sherita.”

“Well if you didn’t do it then—” She stopped talking when she realized the answer. Desmond had paid off her parent’s mortgage.

“Umm, Dante, I have to go.”

“Wait, Sherita.”

“Yes?”

“When are you heading back to Myrtle Beach?”

“Sometime today,” she said, not wanting to give him an exact timeframe.

“Okay. Be safe.”

“I will. Bye.”

“Bye, Sherita.”

Dante placed the phone back on the receiver and buried his face in his hands for a brief moment.

“What did she say?” Desmond said, feeling a dose of envy that Sherita called his brother instead of calling him.

“Have you spoken to her since last Friday?” Dante asked.

“No.”

Eyebrows raised, Dante asked, “You haven’t spoken to her in a week and a half?”

“No. I tried calling her a few times, but she didn’t answer. I thought it would be best if I gave her a little space.”

Dante scratched his jaw. “You’re making a mistake, Des.”

“How’s that?”

“Did you pay off her parent’s mortgage?”

“Yes, I did. Why?”

“That was the reason for her call. She was calling to thank me. She thought I’d done it, which means she doesn’t think you’re generous enough to do something like that. What does that tell you, Des?”

Desmond didn’t say a word.

“Let me show you something,” Dante said, removing a photo book from his briefcase. He handed it to Desmond and said, “Sherita made it from the pictures she took of Grace and Ezra at the park.”

“She did a good job with it, too,” Dimitrius said, staring at his laptop. “Melanie loved it.”

“You were with her that day, right, Des?” Dante asked.

“Of course.” Desmond kept flipping through the pages until he saw the picture of himself with Sherita while they were holding Ezra and Grace. There was a picture of the four of them together and then, there was the picture Desmond remembered vividly – of him touching his face to Sherita’s face. He didn’t realize she’d been smiling when he leaned in close to her. He assumed she’d be frowning since he was doing nothing other than trying to get under her skin, but she was smiling.

“At the time, I bet you didn’t know this picture would foreshadow your life, that is, if you choose to see it. If you take the time to see it.”

“What are you talking about, Dante?”

Dante stared at his brother for a few seconds. It was on the tip of his tongue to tell Desmond what he knew – that Sherita was pregnant with twins, but he wouldn’t. “You claim you love Sherita and that she’s yours. Well, I think it’s time for you to show her that. She told me she was leaving today…heading for Myrtle Beach, and if you do not talk to her before she leaves, it’ll probably, no, it will be the biggest mistake of your life.”

“Did she say where she was?” Desmond asked.

“No, but I assume she’s going by your place to get the rest of her items since she knows you’re here.”

Desmond got up quickly, walked to his office snatching his suit jacket from the back of his chair and his keys from the top drawer of his desk. Then he jumped in his jeep and sped home, thinking about what Dante had said…that the picture of himself, Sherita and his niece and nephew had foreshadowed his life. Then he thought about the pregnancy test box he found under Sherita’s bed, the Ginger Ale and crackers she’d left in his jeep. He remembered when Emily was pregnant, she lived off of Ginger Ale and crackers and when he had spoken to Sherita a few times while she was working at the beach, she told him she didn’t feel well. Now he knew why. Sherita was pregnant.





CHAPTER 38





Sherita grabbed a handful of panties and dropped them in a bag. As she opened another drawer to check if she’d emptied it, she heard Desmond’s firmly planted footsteps, on the level above, as his expensive, leather shoes made contact with the hardwood floor. Even before she heard him, she felt his overpowering presence descend upon her like a blanket of light mist.

The sound of his steps slowed as he approached the stairs. With each step down, she felt her heart rate quicken.

“Hi,” he said.

Sherita turned to look at him. Studied him. He was dressed in a business black suit, looking as handsome as he always did.

“I was hoping we could talk.”

“About what?” Sherita asked, continuing on stuffing a bag with her things – shaving cream, a hair dryer and socks. “There’s really not much left to say.”

“Maybe for you it’s not.”

Sherita sighed heavily. Pushing the empty drawer closed, she said testily, “Desmond, I’m not going to do this back and forth thing with you, so—”

“Do you actually think that’s what I want, Sherita?” he asked, forcing a frown away from his face. “We need to talk like mature adults. No arguing. No fighting. We just need to talk.”

Sherita dropped the bag. “Then let’s talk.”

“Upstairs,” Desmond said. “Meet me in the living room.” Desmond turned around to walk away, heading up the stairs.

Sherita reluctantly followed. How had he known she would be here? Did he have some remote camera set up at his place? If only she’d moved a little faster...

If she did, she’d be gone by now and all of this would’ve been avoided. Now she had to meet Desmond. In the living room.

It was torture to love someone so much, yet hate them at the same time. She loved Desmond. His mere presence was enough to rattle her. Make her feel things. Still, she was frustrated with the circumstances she found herself in with him. She would have to find the willpower to resist the incredible hold he had on her – easier said than done, especially with his babies growing inside of her stomach.

In the living room now, five minutes later, she watched Desmond sit on the sofa, so she followed suit, sitting on the opposite end of it, leaving much needed space between them. He stared at her for a few seconds, not to make her uncomfortable but to get his thoughts in line.

Sherita pulled in a breath, interlocked her fingers, then stared down towards the floor.

“Can we have some eye contact, please? I need you to look at me, Sherita.”

“Why?”

“Because I need to see your eyes when I ask you this question.”

Sherita looked up at him, locking eyes with him, instantly feeling her heart thump harder in her chest. She wondered if her babies would have his enchanting, golden eyes. His darling dimple. His so-so demeanor. “If you have a question, can you please ask it so I can—”

“Are you pregnant?”

She froze and, for a moment, she lost her breath. He knew.

“Well? Are you?” he asked impatiently.

“Why are you asking?”

“Why am I—?” Desmond began, irritation claiming the tone of his voice. “We did sleep together, Sherita, so it’s not like this question is coming out of left field.”

“It is coming out of left field,” Sherita said. “You never bothered to ask me before.”

“Well, I’m asking now.”

“Why?”

“Because I want to know if my baby is growing inside of you, Sherita.”

Sherita dropped her face in her hands, exasperated before looking at him again and saying, “What does it matter anyway, Desmond? It’s not like you want children, and I’m not—” she trailed off into tears. “I’m not getting rid of my babies just because you don’t want children.”

Babies? Desmond scooted closer to her and lowered his tone to a caring, nurturing one when he asked, “Why do you think so little of me, Sherita? Do you think I would ask you to do that?”

Sherita looked away from him, staring back down towards the floor, batting tears away from her eyes.

Desmond lowered himself to his knees in front of her, then reached to tilt her chin up with a touch of his index finger. “Do you?”

“You said you didn’t want children, Desmond.”

“I know what I said.”

“Then why are you so curious as to whether or not I’m pregnant?”

“Look at me,” Desmond told her.

When she looked at him, she studied his face, feeling her heart yearn for him. If only he could love her the way she loved him. They could be a happy family, but she knew Desmond wasn’t a family man.

“Are you pregnant?” he asked again.

Sherita nodded.

“Is that a yes?” Desmond asked.

“Yes, Desmond. I’m pregnant.”

Desmond swallowed hard. He glanced at her stomach and for the moment, he was at a loss for words, feeling joy settle in his heart. “Do you know the gender?”

“Yes. I just found out this morning, actually. It’s a girl.”

Desmond smiled. “A girl.”

“Yes. And a boy.”

“A girl and a boy?” he asked, seeking clarification.

“Yes.”

“We’re having twins?”

Sherita nodded silently, watching his eyes roll down to her stomach.

When his eyes connected with hers again, he asked, “May I touch?”

She nodded again. When she felt Desmond lift her blouse, she nearly fainted. The sensation of his warm hand against her stomach had all of the nerves in her body in chaos. Her stomach quivered. So did her legs. And then she gasped. She hadn’t felt his touch in a long time, and she missed it. Missed him.

“There are two babies here?” he asked. When he did so, he thought about what Dante had told him, how that picture of himself, Sherita, Grace and Ezra had foreshadowed his life. Now he knew exactly what he meant.

“Yes.”

“But your stomach is so flat,” he said, still touching her there.

“It won’t be in another month or so.”

A smile touched his lips.

“And since you seem to want to be a part of their lives, I guess we need to discuss how we’re going to co-parent.”

He frowned. “Co-parent?”

“Yes. I’m moving to South Carolina and—”

“No, Sherita,” Desmond said, sitting on the sofa again. “I want to watch my children grow up.”

“And you’ll be able to do so. I won’t keep them away from you.”

“I mean starting right now, Sherita. Not after they’re born, but now. I want to watch your stomach grow. I have that right, don’t I? I want to be at the appointments. I want my children to know me…to know my voice. Packing your bags and leaving right now is not the best thing for our family.”

“Then—”

“I want you here. With me,” Desmond said. “You and my children belong with me.”

Sherita shook her head. She knew he was right. She couldn’t argue that point. After all, they were his babies, too. But since she also knew he had been anti-children since they met, she didn’t think he would care that she wanted to leave. And who told him she was pregnant?

“Sherita.”

Sherita came out of a blank stare and looked at him. “Yes?”

“Have you heard anything I’ve said?”

“Yes, but—”

“Then you know you can’t take my family away from me, don’t you?”

“Yes, Desmond,” she responded. It was the way he had wanted her to respond, so she did. It didn’t matter how she felt anymore. Now, there were children to consider and whether he was using them as another way to have power over her wasn’t for her to say.

“So you’ll stay?” he asked.

“I guess I have no choice. But I’m only doing this for the babies, Desmond. There is no more us.”

“I know that, Sherita. You’ve made that perfectly clear when you told my entire family you didn’t love me. I’m not doing this for us. I’m doing this for my children.” It was a lie. He was doing this for his children, but also for her. He had every intent on winning her heart again. It would take a lot of convincing on his part but when he was done with her, she’d be his forever.

“If I’m staying here, I’m changing the locks on the apartment door.”

Shaking his head, Desmond said, “No.”

“Des—”

“You don’t need the locks changed because that’s not where you’re going to be sleeping.”

“It is where—”

“No.”

“Will you stop interrupting me? I would like to finish a sentence for once,” Sherita said.

He stared at her then the said, “Sorry. You have the floor.”

“What I was trying to say is, I’m not sharing a bed with you. You and I are done. Now, I would like the locks changed.”

He silently stared at her for a few moments then asked, “Can I speak now?”

Sherita blew a breath.

Desmond continued, “What I was trying to say was, there’s no need to have the locks changed because you will not be sleeping there. You’ll be in the bedroom down the hallway from mine. That way, I can assist you when it becomes necessary, and you’ll have full access to the house.”

“Oh, now I’m good enough to have full access…”

“You had it before, Sherita.”

“Yeah, well…”

Exhaling sharply, he said, “I’m going to move your things from there to your new bedroom. And if you have ultrasound pictures, I want to see them.”

Sherita stood up. “I have to get some things from my car. If you can tell me where you would like me, I can move my stuff.”

“I’ll show you the room, and don’t worry about getting the things from your car. I’ll take care of it.”





CHAPTER 39





Desmond drove back to the office after moving all of her things from her car and the basement to her new bedroom upstairs. The time was after six, but he knew Dante would still be there. Tapping on his opened office door to get his attention, he stepped in and said, “Now I know what you meant by that picture.”

Dante dropped an ink pen and gave his brother his full attention. “She told you.”

“She did.”

“So, now what?”

Desmond sighed. “Well, I’ve convinced her to stay with me for now but—” Desmond rubbed his hand across his head.

“What is it, man?” Dante asked.

“I don’t want her to stay because she feels obligated…because she thinks I will try to take the kids away from her.”

“Is that how she feels?”

“I don’t know. That’s what I’m guessing. I can read her so well. Most times I know what she’s thinking before she opens her mouth.”

“So what is she thinking, Des?”

“That I don’t love her, and the only reason I want her around is because she’s pregnant.”

“Is that the only reason you want her around?”

Desmond stuffed his hands inside of his pockets. “No. I love her. I told you that.”

Dante smirked.

“I’m glad you find this humorous,” Desmond said angrily.

“I don’t find it funny, Des. I just never thought I’d see the day when my little brother fell so hard for someone. And you have two children on the way, man. Two.”

Desmond smiled at the thought of two children running around the house.

“Handling Sherita is easy. All you have to do is show her that you love her like you say you do. Don’t tell her. Show her. I know this is new territory for you but just look at it this way – the woman you love is having your children. She’s using her body as a vessel to increase the size of the Champion family. Show her you appreciate that. It was hard enough for Emily to carry one baby. Your wife has two growing inside of her.”

Your wife…

Desmond thought quietly.

“Yes, she’s going to be moody and irascible at times,” Dante continued. “She’s pregnant, and on top of that she has to deal with you.”

Dante grinned. When his cell phone buzzed, he looked at the display and said, “It’s Emily…I have to take this.”

“Yep…I’m going to be in my office for a few.”





CHAPTER 40





“Hey, just got off of the phone with Dante,” Emily said, holding her cell phone to her ear with her left shoulder while changing Ezra’s diaper. “He’ll be here in an hour. I’ll come pick you up, okay?”

“Okay,” Sherita said. “Just call me when you’re outside.”

“Will do. Hey, is Desmond there, by the way?”

“No. He left about an hour ago. Why?”

“Just curious. Anyway, I’ll call you when I pull up.”

“I’ll be waiting.





* * *





“So that’s why I decided to stay,” Sherita said.

She was sitting across from Emily at a restaurant, had just finished a salad and was filling Emily in on the events of the day.

“Okay, first of all, they’re your babies, too. You don’t have to cater to Desmond. Don’t get me wrong…I don’t want you to leave but if that’s what you want to do—”

“I’ve already made up my mind, Emily. And I don’t feel like he bullied me into this. I just think it’s the right thing to do. I had both of my parents in my life, and I want the same for my children.”

Emily nodded.

“I’m just not sure if living with him is a good idea. He wants me to sleep in the bedroom that’s closest to his room like he wanted me to be near him in case anything happened. In case of an emergency. I just…” Sherita shook her head. “It baffles me how he can go from not wanting children to wanting to see my stomach grow.”

“Aw,” Emily said, covering her heart with her right hand. “Desmond said that?”

“Yes.”

Leaning forward, Emily asked, “Desmond Champion said that?”

Sherita giggled. “Yes, he did.”

“I knew it. I knew he wanted children of his own. Men are crazy, girl.”

Sherita laughed. “Some more so than others.”

“But he loves you, though,” Emily said.

“How can you be so sure?”

“Because he said he did. Like I told you before…that’s probably the first time he’s ever said those words to a woman, and you shot him down cold.”

“I only did to him what he did to me.”

“But two wrongs don’t make a right, you know,” Emily said.

“I know, Emily.”

Emily took a sip of water. “I’m just happy he wants to be a part of their lives.”

“Honestly, I am too…just wish it was under better circumstances.”

“Girl, everything is going to be fine. You just focus on staying healthy, getting your rest and making sure those babies are well fed.”

Sherita smiled. “I will.”





* * *





Emily pulled up into the driveway at her house and saw Desmond’s motorcycle parked out front. “Oh snap…looks like your man is here, Sherita.”

Sherita looked up and saw Desmond’s motorcycle, feeling her heartbeats become rapid. She stepped out of the car and walking inside the foyer, she followed Emily to the kitchen where the men looked to be in deep conversation.

Desmond broke away from his conversation with Dante briefly to lock eyes with Sherita the moment she came into view. Earlier, when he returned home and didn’t find Sherita there, panic set in. He searched the entire house from – from her new bedroom to her old basement apartment. Then he called her phone, only to find that she’d left it on her nightstand. He was worried.

Pacing her bedroom floor, he finally dialed Dante and found out that Sherita was with Emily. He felt relieved. Seeing her now brought him even more relief.

“Sherita,” he said, hopping off of a barstool, walking closer to her.

“Yes?”

“I need you to keep your phone with you.” He took her phone from his pocket and handed it to her. “I had no idea where you were when I arrived home and when I dialed your number, I heard your cell phone ringing from your bedroom.”

Was that worry in his eyes? Sherita held his vision and said, “Sorry, I meant to grab it. It just slipped my mind.”

He stared at her for a moment, aching to touch her, stroke her hair, make some sort of contact before asking, “So what are your plans now?”

“Emily is going to drop me off at home. She just had to stop by here for a second.”

“Well, you could ride home with me…save her the trip.”

“But you drove the motorcycle.”

He smiled wide. “I did.”

“Then I’m not riding with you. I don’t even have a helmet.”

“You can use mine.”

“How? My head is not as big as yours.” Sherita grinned.

Desmond did too. “It’ll fit just fine, Sherita.”

“And what will you wear?” Sherita asked.

“Nothing. I’ll be fine until we get home.”

“Des, you don’t have to do that,” Dante told him.

“Yeah,” Emily agreed. “It’s not a problem. I had already planned on dropping her off anyway.”

“It’s okay guys,” Sherita said. “I’ll be okay with Des. Plus, I’ve never ridden a motorcycle before, and in a few months, I won’t be able to, so why not?”

Desmond’s lips slowly curled into a smile.

“Desmond, you better take care of her,” Emily ordered.

“I’ll protect her with my life,” Desmond replied.

Sherita followed him to the foyer. Before securing the helmet on her head, she said softly, “I’ll help you on the motorcycle, and I need you to hold on tight to me, you know, like you do when we make love, Sherita.”

If she was made of glass, she would’ve shattered. Desmond always knew what to say to make her lose her senses and apparently her footing as she stumbled to stand up straight again.

“Are you all right?” he asked her.

“Yes. I’m fine.”

“You sure?”

“Yes, Desmond. I’m sure.”

He secured the helmet on her head and, outside now, he helped her onto the bike, then straddled onto it, gripping the handle bars. He reached back for her hands, pulling her arms around his torso, then said, “Hold on,” loud enough for her to hear him.

Sherita leaned forward, resting her head against him, closing her eyes while the current of him, the manliness of him took over her senses along with the rumbling of the motorcycle. And while she held on to him, feeling his hard abs with her hands and the thick muscles of his back against her chest while smelling his scent – one in which she had grown to love – she wondered how she would ever love another man. He’d ruined her chances of that.

Desmond slowed to round a curve, and she squeezed him tighter, her thighs pressing firmly against his. And then came a flashback – the first time they made love. She’d willingly given him her innocence. He, in turn, had given her a part of him that he’d never given another woman, his seed, his babies, and after she gave birth to them, their relationship, their marriage would be no more.

Turning into his driveway, Desmond drove the motorcycle inside of the garage. He helped Sherita off of it then watched as she pulled the helmet off of her head.

“How was it?” he asked her.

“It was okay,” she said, sadly. “I’m tired. I’m going to bed.”

“Sherita,” Desmond said, but she kept on walking.

In the kitchen now, Sherita took a bottle of water from the refrigerator then pushed it shut.

“Sherita,” Desmond said, stepping into the kitchen.

“Yes?”

“Are you okay?”

No, I’m not okay! “Yes. I’m just tired. See you in the morning.”

“Can I have a hug first?” he asked.

Sherita walked over to him and wrapped her arms tight around him, same as she had done on the motorcycle.

“Thank you for trusting me,” he told her, his chin resting on top of her head as he held her in his loving embrace.

“Thank you for the ride,” she said, pulling away from his embrace and continuing on to her bedroom.





CHAPTER 41





“You’re up early,” Desmond said, sauntering into the kitchen seeing Sherita sitting at the breakfast nook, eating oatmeal and strawberries. Even the simple act of watching her eat had him thinking about the last time he kissed her lips. It had been two weeks. To say he longed to taste them again was an understatement. He would devour them if he could.

Sherita looked up at him, watching him walk closer to her. Shirtless. He was wearing a pair of gray cotton shorts, looking as tasty as her breakfast. The sight of him sent a shiver down her spine. She didn’t know what it was about Desmond that affected her so deeply. Did the man have some sort of a spell on her, or was it the fact that she was carrying his babies that left her like putty in his hands?

Finally, she cleared her throat and said, “Uh, umm…yeah I have a full day planned, so—”

“A full day.” Desmond pulled out a chair, sitting directly across from her.

She felt her breathing quicken. Why did he have to sit there? Surely he knew what his presence did to her. “Yes. I have to go by the storage to pick up my photo albums.”

“Oh, yes. The photos. I still want to see those, by the way.”

“Well, you’ll get a chance to once I bring them back here.”

“Maybe we can look at them together. Tonight.”

She shrugged. “Maybe.” She bit into a strawberry.

Desmond watched as her lips wrapped around the fruit, thinking all kinds of thoughts. He wanted to kiss her then and there. He wanted to taste the strawberry juice on her lips and in her mouth. “Sherita.”

“Yes?” she said, looking up at him while tossing the rest of the strawberry inside of her mouth.

His eyes rolled down to her lips then back up to her eyes. “What happened last night?”

“What do you mean?”

“After the motorcycle ride, you seemed upset. Did it make you queasy? Did it hurt? I don’t know exactly what to ask, but I know something wasn’t right.”

After she’d finished chewing, she said, “Honestly, it was the first time we’d been that close in a long time, and I just had a moment.”

“What kind of moment?”

“A moment when I missed you. When I wanted you. Being that close to you made me close my eyes, squeeze you tight and think to myself that you were actually mine. That I could hold on to you forever. When the ride was over, so was my fantasy.”

“It doesn’t have to be over.”

“It does, Desmond. If I don’t start purging you from my heart now—” Sherita stopped speaking when she felt her lips quiver. She stood up. “I’m going to go and get dressed.”

Desmond watched her walk away again. He wanted to pin her to the wall, tell her he loved her and somehow force her to believe him, but he knew it would require more than him saying it. Besides, she was right about him. He didn’t want marriage. Family. A wife. Kids. His family knew he’d been saying that for a long time. And he told Sherita the same thing. Now he had to undo the damage he’d done.





* * *





“This space would make the perfect studio for my lady,” Desmond told his agent.

The building was actually an old flower shop that had been vacated for six months, his agent went on to tell him. It had a nice parking lot, big enough for about a dozen cars and the outside needed a little landscaping.

On the inside, the wooden floors needed to be redone as well as the paint job. He’d envisioned two studio rooms – if she was in a bind she could have her assistant take some photos for her.

Her assistant…

Sherita didn’t even have an assistant, but she would. Being pregnant, she would need some help around the studio and from what he’d read online while researching pregnancy, most women pregnant with twins had to go on bed rest at some point. And they usually delivered early via cesarean section. An assistant was a must.

Desmond peeped inside the bathrooms. They were individual, single stall bathrooms which he thought would be suitable for the amount of people who would be in her studio at any given time. They also needed work – new commodes, sinks, mirrors, tiles – he smiled at how easy it would be for him to hire an interior decorator, plumbers, contractors or anyone else he needed to come here and make this place phenomenal.

He followed the agent back to his office and filled out the paperwork for the purchase of what would become Sherita’s studio, offering the asking price of two million dollars. Afterwards, he went to work.





Sitting behind his desk, all he could think about was Sherita and what life would be like with her and his children. He thought about whether the babies should share a nursery now and be separated into their own individual rooms later, or if they should have their own space now. And what about names? He and Sherita hadn’t discussed names. He made a mental note to talk about it tonight.

Desmond glanced at his watch. The brothers had a team meeting in Dante’s office at noon. It would be a catered-lunch, two-hour meeting with the first hour only with the brothers, discussing critical company matters. The second hour would include the managers and team leads from the various departments. Since it was only eleven, Desmond took out his cell and dialed his lawyer’s number.

His secretary answered, then transferred him to Sam.

“Sam Cartwright here.”

“Hey, Sam. It’s Desmond.”

“Desmond Champion…how goes it, man?”

“Everything is good on my end.”

“I know it is. I heard The Champion Corporation secured a multi-million dollar contract with Victor Westwood.”

“We did, and we’re in the final stages of completion for his new project. Look for some ads in the near future. It’s going to be major.”

“It better be for that kind of money.”

The men laughed.

“So what can I do for you, Desmond?”

“I just need some advice.”

“Shoot.”

“I need to add my wife to—”

“Hold up…wife?”

“Yes. I’m married now.”

“Since when?” Sam asked.

“Since about four months ago.”

“And I didn’t get an invite to witness this monumental occasion?”

Desmond grinned. He remembered how he had also told Sam he would never marry. He also recalled how joyless his marriage ceremony had been. How love had nothing to do with it. They’d just met in the parking lot at the courthouse, said stale vows and drove away in separate cars. Sherita deserved so much more.

“There wasn’t an actual wedding. It was a justice of the peace wedding.”

“Oh…I see. It happened fairly quickly.”

“It did,” Desmond said, flicking his pen between his index and middle fingers, looking at the photo Dante had left on his desk – the picture of himself, Sherita and his niece and nephew.

“I’m starting to worry about why I didn’t get a phone call to draw up a prenuptial agreement?”

“Because I don’t need one,” Desmond said. “I want her to have everything I have.”

“And if the marriage fails?” Sam asked.

A smile came to Desmond’s face. “It won’t fail, but if it does, I would gladly give her half of everything. I would give her all of everything, which brings me to my reason for calling. I need to add her to the deed for my house here in Asheville and my vacation home at Myrtle Beach.”

“Are you sure about this, Desmond?”

“I am. Can you get this done for me?”

“Yes, sir. I’ll take care of the forms. What’s your wife’s name?”

“Sherita.”

“Sherita Champion,” Sam said, writing her name down. “I’ll get the forms ready and fax them over to you.”

“Perfect. Appreciate it, Sam.”

“No problem. And congratulations on finding the one. She must be a special woman.”

“Thank you, and yes, she is a special woman.”





CHAPTER 42





Sherita unlocked the storage unit, removing four boxes of photo albums. She lifted the lightweight boxes and placed two in the back seat and the other two in the trunk. Then she did something she hadn’t done in a long time – she invited her mother to lunch. They hadn’t sat down and actually talked like a mother and daughter should. And then there was the fact she hadn’t told her mother she was pregnant – this would be the perfect opportunity to do so.

She pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant, saw her mother’s car there then went on in, spotting her at a two-seater table in the center of the restaurant.

“Hey, Mom.” Sherita glanced at her watch. The time was close to one. “I know it’s been a while since we had an actual, real conversation, and I just wanted us to start over.”

“I would like that too, Sherita,” Carol replied.

“Good.

“And I promise I won’t say a word about…you know…Thane.”

“Thank you,” Sherita said, relieved. “I am curious though…has he been bothering you and Dad?”

“Yes he has. He asked your father if he needed more money. When your father told him he didn’t need anything, he looked confused. Then he asked us if we knew what was wrong with your phone.” Carol chuckled. “He still has your old number, you know.”

“Yes, and that’s the way I want it to stay. Thane needs to move on with his life.”

“He does, and I understand why you were upset with me and your father. We had no right to do what we did and, as a mother, I should know better than to talk you into being with someone you don’t love. I’m sorry, dear.”

“No worries, Ma. Thane was just as much at fault. I doubt if he’ll be bothering me again.”

“Good.” Her mother took a sip of water, then glanced at Sherita’s hand. “Am I to assume the ring on your finger is proof you’re either engaged, or done ran off and eloped without telling your parents?”

Sherita looked at the mega rock on her ring finger and forced herself not to frown. The ring meant a lot to her, but at the same time, she knew it wasn’t a genuine gift. She wouldn’t care if it was merely a silver band or a microscopic diamond as long as the man who’d given it to her did so from his heart. Desmond didn’t give her the diamond from his heart. He gave it to her out of a showy display of his wealth.

“Sherita Wilkins, do you hear me, young lady? Looks like you drifted off into dreamland.”

Sherita blinked out of a trance, looked up at her mother and smiled. “You’re prying again, mom.”

Her mother furrowed her brows. “You’re wearing a diamond about the size of The Rock of Gibraltar, and I’m prying?”

A bemused smile shone brightly on her rosy-cheeked face. “You and your exaggerations.”

“Oh come on, Rita. It must mean something.”

It means something to me, but not to the man I love. “All right, Ma. Since we’re starting over, I’m going to come clean with you, but I need you to listen and not judge me. Can you do that?”

“Umm…”

“Mother?”

“Sure. I can do that, dear.”

Sherita pulled in a breath, released it slowly then began, “I am married, but it’s not a traditional marriage. It was more of a business deal than anything else.”

Carol’s frown grew deep. Grand Canyon deep. “A business deal? Now Sherita Wilkins, I know I raised you better than—”

“Ma,” Sherita interrupted. “No judging.”

Her mother blew an even breath. “Okay. Continue.”

“It’s a long story and I’m not going to go into it, but just to answer your question, I am married, and…” Sherita paused.

“What, dear?”

“I don’t know how to say this, so I’m just going to come out with it. I’m pregnant.” Sherita watched as her mother’s eyes grew big.

“You’re what!”

Sherita glanced around the restaurant. They now had an audience thanks to her mother’s scream. Looking at her mother, she couldn’t tell if she was happy about the news or angry. Her face just looked like a confused, mangled mess. “Ma, lower your voice a little, please.”

“You drop this bomb on me and tell me to keep my voice down? This is…this is wonderful news, Sherita. I’m going to be a grandmother?”

Sherita nodded, felt tears flood her eyes. “Yes.”

Before she could tell her mother there were actually two babies and not just one, the excited grandmother-to-be had already rounded the table and wrapped her arms around Sherita’s neck. When they separated, she pulled her chair close to Sherita, sat down and asked, “How far along are you?”

“Almost four months.”

Her mother looked at her stomach, then touched her there. “You don’t look pregnant at all. That’s a good sign, Rita. You’re going to carry well.”

“You think so?”

“Yes. Honey, when I was pregnant with you, nobody knew until I was about seven months.”

“Really?”

“Yes. I carried well. Plus, you were a winter baby, so I was covered in clothes, jackets, coats…you know.”

Sherita nodded.

“When are you due?”

“March, but my doctor already warned me that twins usually don’t make it to their due date.”

“What’d you say?” Carol asked.

Sherita smiled. “You heard me. You always wanted grandchildren…now you’re getting two at the same time.”

“Twins?”

“Yes. I’m having twins. A girl and a boy.”

Her wide-eyed mother covered her opened mouth, while her eyes brimmed with tears. After it all sunk in, she wrapped her arms around Sherita’s neck again.

“Mom, I’m breathing for three. Don’t strangle me to death.”

Carol released her. “Oh, stop it. I’m so happy right now, I could just scream.”

“Please don’t. They just might kick us out of here.”

Carol dabbed her eyes. “Your father is going to pass out when I tell him this. Wait…it is okay for me to tell him this, right?”

“Yes. It’s fine.”

“Good. He’s going to be so happy. You know he was a twin, but his brother died when they were two. He drowned on a fishing trip.”

“That’s terrible. I didn’t know that.”

“That’s because your father doesn’t talk about it. He was only two at the time, so he doesn’t remember anything, but he does remember how heartbroken his parents were as he grew up, especially into his teenage years. To this day, he thinks it’s the reason why they died so young. They were heartbroken.”

Sherita shook her head. “I can only imagine.”

“So I take it this pretend husband of yours is the father of my grandbabies.”

“He is.”

“Now would this be the same man who paid off our mortgage? Tall, light-skinned, about six-two with hazel eyes. Clean cut. Clean shaven. Dressed sharp.”

Sherita hid a smile. “Yes. That’s him.”

“So is that the business deal you worked out with him? You give him some babies, and in turn he would pay off our mortgage?”

“No, mother. You’re way off, so stop speculating.”

“I’m just trying to figure out what’s going on because he stopped by the house earlier this morning.”

Sherita narrowed her eyes. “Who stopped by this morning?”

“Your pretend husband. Desmond Champion, right?”

“Yes. What did he want?”

“He wanted to talk to your father alone, so I went to the kitchen. And you know me…I stood right there at the door and listened. It ain’t nothing going on in my house that I’m not going to know about.”

“What happened? What did they talk about?”

“Desmond started off talking about the marriage…said it was quick and unplanned.”

Sherita squinted. “So you already knew I was married before you asked me about the ring, huh?”

“I did.”

Sherita laughed and shook her head.

“Mama had to hear from you what was going on firsthand, honey,” Carol said. “Anyway, Desmond apologized to your father for not asking for his permission.”

Eyes widening, Sherita asked, “Permission to do what?”

“To marry you.”

Thoroughly confused, Sherita said, “I can’t believe he did that. It’s…it’s so out of character for him to do something like that.”

“Well, he did it. He didn’t say anything about the babies, though. He must have wanted to leave that for you.”

“I…I don’t know what to say. I’m shocked.”

“Oh, and there’s more,” her mother said. “This debonair, Champion fellow also said he thought the world of you. Said you were caring, loving, giving, and that he’d never met a woman who could hold a candle to you.”

Sherita cocked her head to the side. “Okay, Mother. I see what’s going on here. You’re making this stuff up so I can think Desmond actually wants this marriage.”

“Rita, I’m telling you what the man said, and he was serious, too. Said you were an amazing woman but he feared he wasn’t good enough for you…that he wasn’t what you needed. I don’t know what he meant by that because he looks like a decent young man. I know looks can be deceiving, but from what I witnessed, he seems like he came from a good home.” Carol took a sip of water. “Your father said those Champion men were millionaires, too, which would explain why he had enough money to pay off our mortgage. Is that true? Is he a millionaire?”

When Sherita thought about Desmond, money was the furthest thing from her mind. So what? He was rich. He lived in a house big enough to be a small apartment building. He had cars, a vacation home, financial freedom – all of that. She, however, didn’t care about his money. She never asked for any, even when she could’ve used it.

When she thought of Desmond, she thought of just him – the way he could read her so well after three and a half months. She thought of all the times she dreamed of a life with him. Raising their kids together. Traveling together. Being happy together. Those were the good thoughts.

The thought that left a stabbing pain in her heart was when she wondered how she would feel to see him with another woman. Someone better than her. Someone he wouldn’t be afraid to commit to. Every man had that one woman who’d make them get on one knee and pop the question. It didn’t matter how many times they said they would never marry or commit. When that special lady came along, he’d find himself doing things he never thought he would.

“Sherita.”

Sherita looked up at her mother with raised brows.

“I asked you if Desmond was a millionaire.”

“He is, and I have no idea what he meant by saying he wasn’t good enough for me. I guess…I’m just shocked that he actually talked with Dad.”

“I know. Your hands are shaking.”

Sherita looked at her hands. They were trembling. “I think I’m going to have the waitress box up my lunch. I need to go home and relax for a while.”

“Speaking of home, where are you living?”

“With Desmond,” Sherita answered.

A wide smile appeared on Carol’s face. Her daughter was living with Desmond, carrying his twins and wearing his ring – nothing about this marriage seemed pretentious, and she had a feeling Sherita would find that out soon enough.





CHAPTER 43





“Overall, I think we’re in good shape,” Dante said to Desmond and Dimitrius. They had just wrapped up a meeting with the team leads and managers and after dismissing them, they remained in his office.

“I agree,” Dimitrius said. “Victor has already approved the app, and he has nothing but good things to say about the marketing campaign Desmond put together.”

Desmond nodded. “I imagine that’s why he wants to have dinner Friday night. He wants to pop some champagne.”

“I’m down with that,” Dimitrius said.

Dante nodded. “Hey, Des, speaking of dinner, are you bringing Sherita?”

“Probably. I’m sure Victor will ask where she is if she doesn’t show up.”

“Not necessarily,” Dante said. “You can tell Victor she’s sick if she doesn’t feel like going out. After all, she is pregnant.”

“What?” Dimitrius said, taking his eyes away from an email on his laptop to look at Desmond.

Dante smirked. “I thought you knew, Dimitrius.”

“I didn’t know anything about this. Des, you have a baby on the way?”

“No. I have two babies on the way,” Desmond corrected.

Dimitrius folded his laptop, set it on the table and stood up. “My lil’ brother is having twins?”

Desmond smiled. “A girl and a boy.”

“Wow! Never thought I’d see the day,” Dimitrius said, slapping hands with Desmond, patting him on the shoulder. “Wait…this is a good thing, right?”

“It is. I’m excited about it,” Desmond said.

“And how is Sherita doing?”

“So far, so good. She seems to be carrying well. We have an appointment in a couple of weeks.”

“So does this mean you are Sherita are going to stay married?” Dimitrius inquired.

Desmond sighed heavily. After taking a few moments to gather his thoughts, he said, “I went by her parent’s house this morning and spoke with her father. She comes from a good home and—” Desmond grimaced.

“What is it, Des?” Dante asked.

Desmond scrubbed his hand across his mustache and down his lips. “I try to be this confident, successful man without a care in the world and can do the most complicated and complex tasks. But I…I can’t seem to convince the woman, the only woman I’ve ever loved, that I actually love her. And what hurts the most is—” Desmond frowned, swallowed hard and shook his head. Expelling a sigh, he continued, “What hurts the most is, she’s carrying my babies, and she doesn’t think I love her.”

“Come on, Des,” Dimitrius said with his hand on Desmond’s shoulder. “Shake it off. You’ll get your girl. I don’t even know why you sound worried. You have plenty to offer Sherita and instead of stressing over what she thinks, show her what you’re really made of.”

Desmond shook his head and grinned. “See, this is why I never wanted to fall in love. Dealing with matters of the heart is too complicated.”

“It is complicated,” Dante said.

“But it’s worth it,” Dimitrius added, thoughts of Melanie and Grace on his mind.

“Very much so,” Dante said, thinking of Emily and Ezra. “Look at it this way, Des. People are willing to throw millions of dollars at you to lay out marketing strategies on their behalf. If you can do that, then surely you can convince little Mrs. Sherita you love her. But you can’t do it without showing her your heart. One thing I know about Sherita is, she doesn’t care about money. You can’t buy her love. After all, this is the same woman who turned down a million-dollar offer from me.”

Desmond nodded.

“You need to be vulnerable with her,” Dante continued. “I know that’s difficult for you because it was for me. The Champion men are strong-willed, hard-nosed and audacious by nature and, at times, our genuineness and concern can get lost in the mix of those strong, dominant qualities we possess and rub people the wrong way. So be vulnerable. Let her see your heart. She’s already shown you hers. Would you agree?”

Desmond nodded. If someone told him that he’d be getting a lesson on love from his brothers one day, he wouldn’t believe them. But here he was, getting pointers on how to love – something he’d never done before.

He was trying – he made strides to add Sherita to his house deeds and tomorrow, he’d buy her an SUV since she would need the extra room for the babies. He’d add her to his bank accounts and check with his agent to see if the offer he made on the building that would become her portrait studio had been accepted. But like Dante said, Sherita wasn’t interested in his money. She wanted his heart. Today, he’d do everything in his power to show her how much he really loved her.

“I called her this morning, by the way,” Dante said, breaking into Desmond’s thoughts.

“You called who?” Desmond asked looking up at Dante.

“Sherita.”

“Why?”

“I need a photographer for the mass wedding this weekend at the Grieving Hearts Connect Resort, remember?”

“Oh. Right,” Desmond said. Since he had let Kurt handle the marketing campaign surrounding the mass wedding this year, it had completely slipped his mind. He was busy working on the campaign for Service Swap and when he wasn’t doing that, he’d been occupied with Sherita.

“What did she say?” Desmond inquired. “Is she going to do it?”

“Yes. She said she would leave Saturday morning.”

Desmond grimaced just slightly. Why hadn’t she told him that? Yet another thing he needed to talk to her about tonight…

“Oh, and she asked me for our parent’s names,” Dante said, standing up walking over to the blinds, staring out the windows with his back to his brothers. His hands in his pockets.

“That’s odd,” Dimitrius said.

“Did she say why she wanted to know?” Desmond asked.

“She did. She, ah…” Dante took a breath, then forced it out. Turning around to face his brothers, he said, “She said she was thinking about naming the twins after them, but wanted to discuss it with you first, Des.”

“Wow,” was all Dimitrius could say at the gesture.

A tingling sensation raced through Desmond’s veins while a feeling of weightlessness had his head floating. If ever he needed a sign that Sherita was the woman he was meant to be with, this was it. He’d consider it an honor to name his children after his parents – his mother, Celeste, and father, Nolan – that he loved. He pressed fingers against his trembling lips, while a mixture of sadness and happiness glowed in his eyes. “I…I’m blown away she would even think to do something like that. How did I get so lucky?” Desmond tipped his head back, closed his eyes then, looking at Dante he said, “I think it’s a great idea.”

“Me too,” Dante responded.

“So do I,” Dimitrius said. “Nolan and Celeste Champion will live on.”

Desmond’s face brightened with a genuine, heartfelt smile. He pinched away the wetness that formed in the corner of his eyes and said, “Yes, they will.”





CHAPTER 44





Sherita wanted to cook dinner. It was nice to go out once in a while or have dinner catered, but no food was as good as a real home-cooked meal. She wasn’t sure how Desmond would react since he never cooked, but this evening, the kitchen belonged to her. She’d been craving pasta for days, so she whipped up a pan of macaroni and cheese, straight from her mother’s recipe. To go along with it, she baked a ham, some crescent rolls and made a fresh garden salad with lettuce, carrots, cauliflower, cucumbers and cherry tomatoes.

Opening the oven, she carefully took the ham out and placed it on the counter. When she did so, she felt a shiver run through her entire body. He hadn’t made a sound, but she could smell Desmond’s scent even over the pineapple-glazed ham. He was watching her. But why hadn’t he said anything? She kept on working, waiting to see if he would say something to her or was he just going to stand there and watch? When she took a long knife from the drawer, she got her answer.

“And what do you think you’re going to do with that?”

She turned around to look at him. He was leaned against the island with his arms crossed in a gray, sleeveless ARMY T-shirt, showing off his muscular arms. He wore a pair of faded jeans and no shoes. His legs were crossed at the ankles. His Hennessy-colored eyes were fixed on her.

She swallowed hard, taking him all in, all six-feet, two inches of him, standing there like a model, looking at her like he could have a serving of her on his dinner plate.

“I—” That’s all she could get out.

“You what?” he said, uncrossing his arms, walking over to her.

“I was just about to slice the ham.”

“Here…let me,” he insisted, reaching for the knife and fork she had in each hand.

“I can handle it, Desmond.”

“I know you can. I just want to help.”

“You do?”

“Yes. I do,” he said, taking the fork and knife from her grasp. “Why do you sound surprised?”

“I thought for sure you would be irritated that I was cooking. I know how you like your food catered.”

“Yeah, well, I’m realizing I can’t be set in my ways like I’ve been, especially when I have an amazing woman like you with me.” He looked at her with a serious, pointed gaze, then smiled, returning his attention to the ham.

Sherita watched him as he sliced it. Her eyes roamed over him as they had done countless times before, and when she realized he was almost finished with the ham, she said, “What time did you get here? I didn’t hear you come in.”

“I left work a little early…got here a little after five. When I opened the door, I smelled food. I knew you were in the kitchen, so I ran upstairs and showered.”

“Oh.”

“When I came downstairs, I saw your photo albums and the ultrasound pictures on the living room table, so I sat there and looked at them. All of them.”

Sherita cracked a half smile.

“So you’re going to Pleasure Island on Saturday, I hear.”

“Yes. I told Dante I would be the photographer for the mass wedding. I was going to tell you over dinner.”

Desmond nodded. “It’s cool. I would rather you do it than anyone else. You’re very talented with a camera…talented at everything you do, Sherita.”

She met his powerful gaze and felt a flicker in her stomach. “Umm…are you hungry?” she asked, nervously.

You have no idea. “Yes.”

“Good. I’ll fix a plate for you. Have a seat.”

“Yes ma’am,” he said, watching her take plates from the cabinet.

Sherita quickly returned to the table with two plates of food before grabbing two bottles of water from the refrigerator. “Would you like a glass of ice?”

He heard her question, but was so enthralled by her beauty, he seemed to have lost the ability to speak for a moment.

“Desmond?”

“Yes?”

“Do you want a glass of ice?”

I want you. “Yes. I’ll take some ice,” he answered. He would need some extra cold water to calm the flames in his heart.

Sherita grabbed a glass, filled it with ice then set it next to his plate.

“Thank you,” he told her.

“You’re welcome.”

Desmond went for the macaroni and cheese first. He dug out a healthy spoonful of it, watching strings of cheese stretch from his plate to his spoon. And when he tasted it, moans left his throat. He followed with a bite of ham, enjoying the tangy taste of the pineapple she’d baked with it. Not only was she a beauty – she could cook.

“How is it?” she asked.

“It’s delicious…best I’ve ever had.” Just like you.

“Glad you like it.”

They ate quietly for a while more. Well, she ate quietly. Desmond had been moaning and breathing hard like he’d never eaten a meal so good. And she’d look up and catch his gaze every time, seeing a different kind of hunger in his eyes. A longing…

“So what did you think about the pictures?” she asked.

Desmond dabbed his mouth with a napkin. “Your photos are beautiful…shows you had an eye for a good shot even back then.”

Sherita smiled. “Thanks.”

“And as for the ultrasound pictures…I could hardly tell what I was looking at, but I know they’re my children. Do you mind if I take one of those ultrasound pictures to work?”

“No. Not at all.”

“Good. It can go next to the picture of us.”

Sherita frowned. “Picture of us?”

“Yes. You know the one we took in the park that day with Ezra and Grace? The one where I pressed my face against yours just before the flash went off…that picture.”

“Oh,” Sherita said. She knew she didn’t give him the picture, so it must’ve been Emily or Melanie. Dante or Dimitrius. Somebody gave it to him.

Desmond opened the bottle of water, poured some of it over ice, then took a sip. “So I was wondering if the babies should share a nursery or should they have separate nurseries. What do you think?”

“I haven’t thought much about it, although, I don’t see it being a problem if they shared a nursery.”

“Downstairs or upstairs?”

Sherita sighed. Why was he talking about nurseries? Did he not realize she would be moving out a little while after the babies were born? They’d discussed that. She didn’t have to leave the city, but she would leave his house. “You can put the nursery wherever you like.”

“I know I can, Sherita, but I’m asking for your input. Do you think the nursery should be downstairs or upstairs?”

She shrugged. “Put it where you think it should be. After all, this is your house.”

“It won’t be for long.”

She looked confused. “What are you talking about?”

“Sherita, we’ve discussed the fact that I want to be a part of my children’s lives.”

“Yes, we have and nowhere in that discussion did I say I would live with you after the babies are born, Desmond. You can be a very active part of their lives, but I can’t live with a man who—”

“A man who…” he said, prompting her to finish her statement.

A man who doesn’t love me. She saw where this was going. She knew the importance of staying stress-free during pregnancy, so instead of getting into an argument with him, she said sadly, “The nursery should probably go upstairs.”

Desmond wiped his mouth with a napkin, dropped it in his empty plate, then pushed away from the table. He leaned back in his chair, crossed his arms and stared at her. “And what about names? Have you thought about names, Sherita?”

“I have. Not sure if Dante mentioned it to you or not, but I called him this morning to find out the name of your parents. I thought it might me a good idea to name the babies after them.”

“Why didn’t you ask me for their names?”

“Because I know how sensitive the topic is for you and—”

“Do you actually think I don’t love you, Sherita?”

“Desmond—”

“Do you? After everything?” he asked, softening his voice “Part of the reason I never wanted to marry and have children is because I didn’t want to suffer the same pain my mother suffered when my father died. As it stood, me and my brothers were already grieving the loss of our father, and then we—” Desmond’s lips trembled. “We watched our mother suffer without him until she died. She’d rather die than live without him.”

Desmond rubbed his eyes and took a breath. “After her death, I made up my mind that I would never love anyone that deeply, so I locked my heart away. Protected it. I never wanted to feel the kind of pain my Mom felt when she lost my Dad. But I feel it every time you look at me with those big beautiful eyes like you wish I could love you…like you wish I could be yours, when the reality is, I love you from the deepest parts of my soul, Sherita, and my heart no longer belongs to me. It’s yours.”

Sherita opened her mouth to say something, but words didn’t come out. A tear rolled down her cheek.

“I’ve begun taking steps to secure our future together, Sherita. I put your name on this house. Our home. I’m adding you to my accounts, I’m giving you everything I have, and if I could take my heart from my chest and lay it out on this table, baby, I would, but I need you to trust me and I need you to believe me. I love you, Sherita. I love you, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.”

With trembling lips, Sherita asked, “Are you saying this because—”

“No, I’m not saying it because you’re pregnant. I told you I loved you before I knew you were pregnant. You just chose not to believe me, but I’m asking you to trust me.”

Sherita looked down completely caught off guard by his confession.

“Look at me, Sherita.”

She looked up at him. “Two weeks ago, you said you didn’t love me anymore, but I know that’s not true. If you didn’t love me, you certainly wouldn’t want to name our children after my parents, would you?”

Sherita dabbed her eyes. “No.”

“Then tell me you want this. Tell me you want me.”

Sherita’s lips trembled.

Desmond stood up, walked to her side of the table and lowered himself to his knees in front of her. Taking her hands into his, he said, “Sherita, I’ve hurt you. I’ve played games with your heart. I’m guilty of those things.”

Sherita lost eye contact with him again, and this time, he placed his hands on her face, firmly angling her head to meet his gaze. “I hurt you. I’m acknowledging that, and I’m sorry. But now, right now, I’m as serious as I’ve ever been in my life. Tell me you want me, princess, and I’m yours. Forever. Just say it.”

Sherita gasped for air.

“Say it.”

She gasped again. “I want you, Desmond.”

A smile grew on his face. “Good, because while this food was delicious, baby, nothing tastes better than your lips. Than all of you,” he said standing, scooping her up into his arms.

Before she could fully comprehend what was happening, he’d been hovering over her, in the center of his bed, his lips parting with hers at different intervals and angles, deeply connecting himself to her physically as he was emotionally.

Desmond released her lips as he remained propped on his elbows, not wanting to lower the full weight of his body on her. “Are you okay?”

“Yes. I’m okay.”

“Sure?” he asked, dipping his head to graze her neck with his teeth.

“Yes, Desmond,” she whimpered. “I’m sure.”

He took another kiss from her lips. “I miss you so much.”

“I miss you too, Des.”

“And just so you know, once and for all time, I’m in love with you, Sherita Champion, the mother of my children, and I intend on spending the rest of my life with you, sweetheart.”

“Good, because I had no idea how I was ever going to live without you.”

Desmond kissed her again. “I love making love to you, Sherita,” he whispered in her ear. “Can’t remember if I ever told you that.”

He hadn’t told her that, but she had an idea.

“Can’t recall if I told you how beautiful you are,” he said staring down into her eyes now, her hair fanned out on the pillow.

“Des,” she whispered softly, sailing off into ecstasy, sending his name into the sky. She opened her eyes again, staring up at him.

“So beautiful,” he murmured, biting his bottom lip as he felt her claim him. Gosh he missed that feeling. And as he made love to her, he thought about how good it felt to be vulnerable with the woman he loved, to let his guard down and not be the tough, cavalier guy for a change. He was her man, her lover. And he’d planned to love her tonight, to make up for all the time they’d missed.

“Sherita,” he said, pulling in a sharp breath, feeling himself lose control of his own mind. She’d already had his heart.

“Yes, Desmond,” she whispered before he kissed her lips again.

“I love you,” he said before an overwhelming sensation rushed inside of him until the pressure had become too great to contain, until the very essence of him had claimed her. Through it all, he never lost eye contact. He wanted her to see what she was doing to him. Wanted her to see his face. To feel his body. To know she was his, and he was hers. That’s the way it was and the way it would always be.

“I love you, too, Desmond,” she panted, feeling something related to an electric current tear through her flesh while she struggled for air.

While they both struggled for air…





Desmond smiled, lying face-to-face with her, watching as her breaths slowly returned to normal.

He reached out, stroked her hair away from her face.

She found his left hand with her right and interlocked their fingers. For a long time they just stared at each other, lost in their own silent thoughts.

“Say something,” Desmond said.

She watched him smile, that dimple she loved so much making an appearance. “Like what?”

“Whatever it is you’re thinking about. Talk to me.”

“Question…did you visit my parents this morning?”

“I did.”

“Why?”

“To apologize to your father.”

“For what?”

“For doing things wrong. I should’ve asked him for permission to marry you.”

“But Des, we know why we married. It had nothing to do with love in the beginning.”

“But it does now. I love you, and I wanted to ask his permission, so I did.”

Sherita brought his hand to her mouth, leaving a kiss. “What did he say?”

“Said he wanted to get to know me. Said if I was serious about you, he wanted me to prove it.”

Sherita nodded. “Yep. Sounds like Dad.”

“Now I have a question for you.”

“Okay,” she said, gripping his hand tighter.

“Did you really want to name our babies after my parents?”

“Yes, but only if you want to. I didn’t know how you would take the suggestion.”

“I love the idea.”

Sherita’s eyes brightened. “You do?”

“Yes. I do. My brothers like it, too.”

“Perfect. Then it’s settled.”

“Yes. It’s settled,” he said, shifting positions in bed, moving down underneath the covers, kissing her stomach, feeling it flutter. “Hi Celeste. Hi Nolan. This is your father.”

“I think you’re going to be a wonderful father, Desmond.”

Desmond crawled back up so he was facing her again. “And you’re going to be the best mother a set of twin babies could have.”

Sherita leaned forward to kiss his lips. “I hope they have your eyes.”

“They will. I have strong genes.”

“I can believe that,” Sherita said, running her index finger across his lips.

“I hope they have your everything else,” he told her. “I don’t think I can put up with another me.”

Sherita laughed. “I don’t think I can put up with another you, either.”

“Oh, really?” he said, shifting his body so he was hovering over her again. “I hope you can put up with another round of lovemaking because I want you again.” He lowered his lips to hers and, just like that, they were making love again for the second time tonight.





CHAPTER 45





Victor laughed with joy as he popped the cork from the champagne bottle. “Well, my friends,” he said, “It looks like we’re nearing the end of this project and what a collaboration it has been. It has truly been an honor to do business with such an elite group. Your name suits you. You truly are champions.”

“We’re just doing what we do best,” Dante said.

“And you do it better than anyone else, Victor said. “Desmond, I’ve never had anyone lay out a campaign like the one you did for Service Swap. Excellent work.”

“I’m glad I was able to exceed your expectations, Victor,” Desmond told him.

“Certainly. By the way, where’s your wife? She’s not joining us this evening?”

“She is. She’s just running a little behind schedule…should be here shortly.” Desmond checked his watch. She should’ve been here by now.

“Oh, here she is now,” Emily said, watching Sherita meander through the aisle to reach their table.

Desmond looked up at her, feeling heated blood course through his veins at the sight of her. Beautiful wasn’t a good enough word to describe the woman he’d made his wife. She was breathtaking, turning heads as she made her way to the table in a little black dress. She told Desmond she would be late since her hair appointment ran late. She’d usually do her own hair, but she wanted to look as professional as possible at the GHC resort tomorrow. So, she instructed her stylist to flat iron her long, curly strands so that her hair was silky straight, hanging down her back and framing her face.

Desmond couldn’t take his eyes off of her. She had the nerve to wear red lipstick on those juicy-sweet, succulent lips he savored last night and this morning before he went to the office.

What are you doing to me, Sherita Champion? She was looking so beautiful, Desmond entertained the thought of cutting this pow-wow with Victor short, taking Sherita by the hand and leading her back out of the door and back home where he would have her all to himself. Somehow, he found enough willpower to keep his desires at bay. He had her for a lifetime. There was no need to rush anything when it came to their relationship. Their marriage.

“Hi everybody,” Sherita said. “Hi Victor.” She reached to shake his hand. “It’s good to see you again.”

“You as well, dear,” Victor said. “I’d just asked Desmond if you were joining us tonight, and here you are.”

“Sorry,” Sherita leaned down and whispered in Desmond’s ear before she sat down. “Yeah, here I am,” Sherita told Victor. “What did I miss?”

“I was just telling these men how satisfied I was with all of their hard work.”

Sherita smiled, feeling the intensity of Desmond’s stares against her face, passion radiating from his eyes. He loved to do that, she knew. To stare at her. Just the fact that he was looking caused a chill to rip through her – that, and it was freezing cold in the high-class restaurant. The thin dress she wore, that hovered around her knees, didn’t do anything to provide warmth.

While Victor poured glasses of champagne, Desmond stood up, took off his suit jacket and draped it around Sherita.

“Thank you,” she said, looking at him. She instantly felt a warm sensation all over her body, and she was positive it had nothing to do with the jacket.

“You’re welcome,” he told her as he sat down again. Then he leaned closer to her, smelling perfume that nearly intoxicated him somewhere around her neck. In her ear, he whispered softly, “I want to taste.”

Sherita met his gaze. “Taste what?”

“Your lips. I haven’t seen you since I left home this morning and you walk in here, looking downright tantalizing and don’t even give your man a hug or a kiss,” he said, palming her thigh. “I want your lips.”

“Des,” she said in a breathless whisper, turning to look at him, seeing desire in his eyes.

Desmond leaned closer to her, seizing her mouth with his, taking a gentle kiss. A long one. A slow, deliberate, explorative one. It didn’t matter they were at the table. In public. At a fancy restaurant or in front of family. It’s not like they hadn’t done this very same thing before. So Desmond took what he wanted, causing whimpers to escape her throat in the process.

Moments later, he released her lips, then face-to-face, he whispered, “Now I want to touch.”

She smiled. “Touch what?”

She closed her eyes when she felt his fingers threading her hair.

“I’ve always loved your hair, just like I love everything else about you.”

“Thank you, Desmond.” She took a small kiss from his lips, then held his gaze.

And for that moment, it was only the two of them at the table, lost in their love for each other.

“You’re as beautiful now as you were the first day I laid eyes on you…the first time I knew you would be mine,” Desmond said, but he was done with whispering. He didn’t care who heard him at this point.

Emily looked at Melanie and smiled.

Dante looked up at Dimitrius and gave him a single nod.

Victor looked directly at Desmond and Sherita when he said, “You lovebirds have me missing my wife.”

“How is Florence, by the way?” Dimitrius inquired.

“She’s a little better, but I don’t think she can tolerate New York weather like she used to. I’ve been trying to convince her to move down south, but she just won’t budge. All her family is there, you know.”

“Yes, that’s understandable.”

Victor took a sip of champagne. “Speaking of family, I was hoping I would get to meet your darling twins, Desmond.” Victor was still under the assumption that Ezra and Grace were Desmond and Sherita’s children.

Desmond grinned. He knew he had to set the record straight. “Well, Victor, that’s going to be hard to do since they’re not even born yet.”

Victor’s face contorted into a confused mess. An old man should never frown like that.

Melanie laughed.

Emily, though turning red in the face, successfully withheld laughter while Sherita had a smile on her face.

“Not born yet…what do you mean?” Victor asked. “I saw you at the park with the kids.”

“Those weren’t my children. I love them like they’re mine,” Desmond said, “But they are actually my niece and nephew, Grace and Ezra.”

“And your children?” Victor inquired.

Desmond smiled and turned to look at Sherita, feeling an overwhelming bout of joy. “My children are right here,” he said, gently placing a hand on Sherita’s stomach. He looked back at Victor and said, “We’re having twins.”

Sherita smiled.

Victor chuckled. “Well isn’t that just wonderful. I guess I had it all wrong.”

Dante grinned. “Yeah. You did. Ezra is our son,” Dante said, throwing his arm around Emily.

“And Grace is our daughter,” Melanie said, looking adoringly at Dimitrius.

“She’s our miracle baby,” Dimitrius said, then kissed Melanie on the cheek.

“Isn’t this just wonderful,” Victor said. “I feel the love in this family…makes we wish I would’ve done business with you a long time ago.”

“No worries,” Dante said. “We’ve had one successful venture, and we look forward to the opportunity to work with you again Victor.”

Dimitrius nodded. “Indeed.”

And then all eyes shifted to Desmond. Was he even aware of what was going on? Probably not? His tongue was lost somewhere in Sherita’s mouth, buried so deep he could swallow the girl. He couldn’t keep his hands off of her, nor his lips.

Dante smirked. “If Desmond could talk right now, I’m sure he would agree with us, Victor.”





Desmond followed Sherita home, anxious for the chance to kiss those cherry red lips again. When she’d parked in the driveway, he’d parked behind her, hurried out of his car then swept her off of her feet, heading for the front door and on to his bedroom – their bedroom – where they made love that was so intense, neither of them could hardly move afterwards. All they could do was pant, take in air and release it forcefully.

After a few moments, she looked at him and said, “Why can’t you come with us tomorrow, Des? Everybody is going to be at the resort but you.”

“I told you sweetheart…I have to wrap up a few things with Victor.”

“He’s not capable of doing that himself?”

Desmond grinned. “No. He’s not.”

“Oh, Des,” she pouted, sliding closer to rest her head on his chest, listening to the fast-paced rhythm of his unsteady heartbeat. “I don’t want to go without you.”

Desmond glided fingers through her hair. “You’ll be fine, sweetie. And I’ll be there on Sunday.”

“Okay,” she said, downcast. “I guess that’ll have to do for now.”

“Hey,” Desmond said propping up on his elbow. When his eyes met hers, he said, “Everything will be all right, baby. Tomorrow is your time to shine. You get to show everyone how talented you are.”

Sherita smiled. “Before we left the restaurant, Emily told me it was an all-white affair, even for me.”

“It is…the brides and grooms are all wearing white. We decided for that to be the theme this year.”

“But why do I have to wear white?”

“Just to blend in with the theme of everything, baby.”

“I don’t even have a white dress nice enough for this type of thing. Emily said she was going to get some guy named Steven to have something sent to my suite,” she said, finding Desmond’s hand. Holding it.

“Steven is the operations manager at GHC. He’s accustomed to working last minute miracles. If Emily said he would have you a dress, then you can bank on it.”

Sherita closed her eyes. After a few minutes of silence, she said, “Des.”

“Yes? I’m still awake. What’s on your mind, baby?”

“I was curious about something.”

He cracked a smile. She was always curious. “What’s that, Rita?”

“Why would you ask for my father’s permission to marry me when we’re already married?”

“It was more about me talking to him man-to-man…getting a feel for his personality. And I wanted him to know that his baby girl, his only child, was safe in my hands.”

Sherita smiled. She was safe. She was happy. She was in the arms of the man she loved.





CHAPTER 46





Sherita’s mouth fell open when she stepped into the suite, taking in the lavish, top-floor penthouse. Floor-to-ceiling windows, colors of gold, peach and beige splattered all around. She continued on exploring the place and after stepping into the second bedroom, she saw a dress laid out on the bed.

The dress…

The off-white look of it made the dress appear vintage. Layers of ruffles gave it an elegant, classy feel. This was way too formal for a photographer. How was she going to sprint across the sand to capture priceless moments of couples tying the knot while she was wearing a gown?

“There’s no way I can wear this dress,” she said in a monotone. She rubbed the back of her neck, relieving the stress that settled there.

When she heard knocks at the door, she hurried there to answer, watching Emily walk in.

“Hey, Ri-Ri,” Emily said playfully. “Where’s this dress? Steven was downstairs bragging about how good of a job he did finding one for you.”

“Ugh, it’s in here on the bed,” Sherita said, walking towards the bedroom.

“By all that grunting, I take it you don’t like it.”

“No, I don’t. I’m four months pregnant and have to walk around in this,” she said pointing at the dress as it laid on the bed where she initially found it. She didn’t even pick it up, hold it against her body and twirl in the mirror like most women did when they got a new dress. She’d rather worked in the outfit she had on already – a pair of black tights and a tunic with a comfortable pair of gladiator sandals.

“It’s beautiful, Rita,” Emily said.

“It is beautiful. That’s not the problem. The problem is, I need to move around, snap pictures…the material of this dress…it’s just…this is not a work outfit for me.”

“Rita, you know how meticulous Dante is about business-related functions. Now come on, pep up and try it on at least.”

“I don’t want to try it on. And I feel like I’m going to puke.” Sherita sat on the bed.

Emily sat down beside her, taking her left hand into her right. “Is there anything I can do?”

Sherita shook her head. “No. The nausea comes and goes.”

“Oh, girl don’t I know it. When I was pregnant with Ezra, the first three months kicked my butt. Some days I would be fine and the next, I didn’t want to get out of bed. You’re having two…I can only imagine how strenuous it must be.”

Sherita nodded.

“Are you ready?” Emily asked.

“For what?”

“To be a mother?”

A smile came to Sherita’s face. “I am. I’ve always wanted children…didn’t know I would have two at the same time, but I always wanted them.”

“Me too.”

“Hey, did you feel different when you were pregnant?” Sherita asked.

“Different how?”

Sherita shrugged. “I feel like I’m more emotional.” She smiled and continued, “I don’t ever recall being so sensitive and nurturing.”

“I was the same way. Your hormone level is changing…your body’s changing…it’s natural to feel that way.”

“Good…thought I was losing it for a minute.”

“No, it’s completely normal,” Emily assured her. “Now that I’ve cleared that up, let’s talk about something completely abnormal. Tell me about Desmond.” Emily tried to hold in a laugh, but to no avail. She was so tickled, she leaned forward and had a good belly laugh.

Sherita giggled then said, “You better stop talking about my man like that.” She remembered a time she used to think Desmond was nuts. Now that she knew him, understood him and loved him, she thought the world of him.

“I’m only kidding,” Emily said. “Seriously, though, are you ready to spend your life with a Champion man? Judging by the way he was looking at you and locking lips with you last night, I guess you have no choice but to be ready, huh?”

Sherita’s smile grew, even amidst the nausea. “Yes, I’m ready. I think it’s so funny how I ended up with the very man I said I wouldn’t give the time of day. I guess, deep down, I really did like him.”

“Just as I suspected.”

“You didn’t suspect anything, Em.”

“Oh yes I did. I saw you checking him out a few times.”

Sherita’s eyes twinkled. “I’ve always found him attractive, but he has a certain arrogance about himself.”

“Girl, they all do. Melanie said the same thing about Dimitrius.”

“She did?” Sherita asked, eyebrows raised.

“Yes. She didn’t tell you how Dimitrius walked right up to her and said that he chose her to be the woman he wanted to spend the rest of his life with?”

“Dimitrius did that?” Sherita asked, surprised.

“He sure did,” Emily said. “I see we have a lot to talk about on our girl nights.”

Sherita nodded. “Being married to successful, interesting men will always give us something to talk about. They are something else.”

“Yes they are,” Emily agreed. “One thing is for certain though.”

“What’s that?”

“Like Melanie said, when a Champion wants you, he wants you and trust me, Desmond Champion loves himself some Sherita.”

Sherita smiled. “Just as much as Dante loves him some Emily. Is he still telling everybody you’re his paradise wife?”

The women laughed.

“Girl, yes. He told Mr. Westwood that when he introduced me to him.”

“That’s so sweet,” Sherita said.

“I heard Desmond used to call you his kryptonite…said you made him weak.”

Cheeks turning a shade of red, Sherita said through a smile, “He didn’t say that, did he?”

“Sure did…even before y’all were married,” Emily confirmed. “That’s why he was avoiding you for so long…’cause you made him weak.”

The women laughed together.

“And now look at you guys,” Emily said. “The woman he was avoiding, who ironically was the same woman who made him weak, turned out to be the best thing he never knew he needed.”

Sherita’s smile widened.

“Now go ahead and put that dress on, girl.” Emily glanced at her watch. “I have to get dressed shortly.”

“Okay.” Sherita took the dress from the bed, heading for the bathroom. She quickly undressed, carefully removing the tag from the three-thousand dollar dress then stepped into it, pulling it up her small frame. She slid the zipper up to secure the dress, then looked in the mirror. It fit her body perfectly, and with the ruffles draped in front of it, you couldn’t see her tiny baby bump. She stepped out of the bathroom and into the bedroom where Emily was waiting. “How does it look, Em?”

Emily’s mouth fell open. “Absolutely amazing.”

Sherita looked at herself in the full body mirror on the bedroom wall. The dress was amazing, so amazing it would make her blend in with the brides. The thought of it made her think about the wedding she never had. She’d taken tons of pictures of other people’s weddings and in the back of her mind, she always knew her time would come eventually, but a courthouse wedding was all she had. There were no pictures. No saved memories. There was nothing special about that day.

She used to imagine how she would feel, walking down the aisle with her eyes locked on her man, marrying him in front of friends and family. Dancing with them. Celebrating love with them. But her happily ever after didn’t happen the way she thought it would. She’d gotten married first (to a man she didn’t love), gotten pregnant shortly thereafter, then fell madly in love. How backwards was that?

She smiled, thinking about it. So what – they didn’t have a wedding. She had Desmond, and that’s all that mattered.

“Now we need to do something to your hair,” Emily said.

“My hair?” Sherita said, looking at her hair in the mirror now. “I just got it done yesterday. What’s wrong with it?”

“Well, first of all, I need to brush the back,” Emily said, taking a brush from Sherita’s purse. “Looks like Desmond has been playing in it again.”

Sherita giggled.

After Emily finished brushing her hair, she said, “And you need a flower or something in it?”

Sherita frowned. “A flower?”

“Yes. Remember, we have to blend in.” Emily took hair pins from her purse, then plucked two white roses from a fake bouquet that was used as décor in the room.

“Then where’s your flower, Em?”

“It’s in my suitcase…putting it on after I get dressed.” Emily finger-combed Sherita’s hair behind her right ear. Then she pinned three roses in her hair, just above her ear. “You like?”

Sherita looked in the mirror. “Yes. It looks nice. Thanks, Em.”

“You’re welcome. Now let me get out of here so I can get dressed.”

“All right, Emily. See you in a few.”

Emily stopped in her tracks, turned back to look at Sherita.

“What’s wrong?” Sherita asked.

“Nothing. I…I just wanted to say that—” She took a breath. “I wanted to say that I’ve appreciated your friendship over the years, Sherita, and I’m so glad you’re my sister-in-law. I’ve always loved you like a sister anyway.”

“Aw, Emily,” Sherita said, briskly walking over to Emily, wrapping her arms around her. “I love you like a sister too.”

When the women separated, Emily dabbed the corner of her eyes with the fold of her index finger. “Okay, let me go. I know Dante’s looking for me. See you in a bit.”

“All right, Emily.”





CHAPTER 47





Sherita put the finishing touches on her makeup, rubbed lotion on her arms then gathered her equipment. She glanced at her watch. She had a few minutes before she had to meet Dante in the lobby, so she dug her cell from her purse and called Desmond.

“Hey, you,” he answered.

“Hey, Des.”

“Uh, oh…I don’t think I like your voice. What’s wrong, baby?”

Sherita shook her head. “Nothing.”

“It’s something. Talk to me.”

“The babies just have me feeling a little nauseated this morning.”

“Sweetie, call down to the front desk and have one of the ladies bring you a Ginger Ale.”

“Okay. I will.”

“Is that all that’s bothering you?” he probed.

“No. I was thinking about how I’m going to be taking pictures of all these happy couples, and you’re not here with me. I wish you could be here, Des.”

“I know you do, baby, but you’ll see me soon enough. I promise.”

“Okay.” Sherita glanced at her watch. “I guess I better get ready to go downstairs.”

“Okay, my love. See you soon.”

“Bye, Des.”

“Bye, baby.”

Sherita sighed, dropped her phone on the bed and using the phone in the suite, she called the front desk and requested a Ginger Ale. It couldn’t have been five minutes later and it had been delivered to her room.

She took a few sips then made sure she had all the camera equipment in her bag. She hung the camera around her neck as she usually did while working. It was easily accessible and convenient that way.

When she heard taps at the door, she stood up, took her bag in her hand and the bottle of Ginger Ale while heading for the door. She was certain it was Emily, coming to get her so they could head down to the lobby together.

It was.

When they stepped off the elevator to the lobby, Sherita followed Emily to where Dante was standing.

Leaving Sherita there with Dante, Emily said, “See you later, Rita.”

“Okay,” Sherita said, then looked at Dante. “So this is it?”

He smirked. “You seem nervous?”

“I am. It’s not every day a girl gets a job this big.”

Dante smiled. She didn’t know how true that was.

“So I guess I’ll just go and do my thing,” Sherita said, anxious to get started.

“Wait…I need to show you a few things first. You can leave your bag and camera here for now…don’t need you carrying that extra weight around.”

“Oh. Okay.”

Dante looked over at the lobby desk and said, “Hey Steven.”

Steven came out from behind the desk, walking over to them. “Yes, sir?”

“Can you see to it that Sherita’s belongings are taken care of?”

“Sure thing,” he said, taking the bag and the camera.

“Thanks, man,” Dante told him.

“No problem.”

Turning to Sherita, seeing the confusion on her face, Dante said, “Walk with me.”

“Okay,” Sherita said, following him. Where was he taking her? She’d already toured the place when she first arrived. What was there left to—

“Dad?” Sherita saw her father standing at the main doors to the lobby. When she was close enough to him, she asked, “Dad, what are you doing here?” She didn’t wait for an answer before she threw her arms around his neck.

“I’ll be outside,” Dante said to them, then proceeded through the doors.

When she let him go, she looked at him and asked, “Did you come to see me work?”

Her father took her by the hands. Standing face-to-face with her, he said, “No. I came to walk my sweet daughter down the aisle on her special day.”

Sherita snapped her head back. “Dad, you’re confused. I’m working. This is a mass wedding that happens once a year here. The Champion Corporation hired me as the photographer for the event. Did you…did you think I was getting married?”

“You are. Come with me,” he said, interlocking his right arm with her left at the elbows and stepping outside.

Sherita could only laugh. “Dad.”

“Yes, dear?”

“Where are we going?” she asked.

“Across this sand, so you might want to take off those heels,” he said.

Sherita kicked off her shoes, left them next to a palm tree then looked up towards the ocean to see where they were headed. Looked like someone was having their own, private, intimate beach wedding at the resort. The small crowd of about thirty people couldn’t be here for the forty brides who were getting married today. There should’ve been a much larger crowd for that event.

As the wind tackled her hair, while hot sand massaged the sole of her feet, Sherita looked up at the sky. What a beautiful day for a wedding. With a bright sun shining above and a calm, hissing, tranquil ocean as a backdrop, conditions were perfect. And then there was a wedding arbor, draped with white and turquoise, transparent curtains, tied to the four corners. The guest chairs were white, with turquoise bows tied on the back of the chairs. Pink and white rose petals filled the aisle.

Distracted by the beauty of it all, she jumped when she felt familiar arms around her, embracing her from behind while his scent passed by her nose by way of a warm breeze. She turned around quickly and said, “Desmond!” She threw her arms around him. “Everybody is surprising me today! I thought you weren’t going to be here until tomorrow.” She kissed his lips and left a few pecks on his face.

“That’s what I wanted you to think while I planned this.”

“Planned what?”

“Our wedding.”

She trembled as if struck by a sudden, arctic breeze. Tears filled her eyes. “Our wedding?”

“Yes. Our wedding.”

“But—”

“We’re already married,” he said before the words could escape her lips. “That’s a given, but we didn’t have a ceremony. No pictures, no video. We didn’t have anything. I want that for you. For us. You deserve your day. Today is that day, princess.”

Sherita covered her trembling lips with her hand. She looked towards the crowd again and everyone who was once seated had turned to face her. She saw her mother, a few of her mother’s friends – people Sherita had known since she was a kid. There was Emily’s and Melanie’s nannies holding Ezra and Grace. Dimitrius was sitting behind a white piano, playing a romantic tune. The rest of the crowd, people who she didn’t recognize, must’ve been acquainted with The Champions – people she would come to know over the years.

Sherita looked at her father. Speechless. Now she understood why Desmond asked him for his blessing.

When the music stopped, Desmond said, “That’s my cue, baby. Are you all right?”

She could only nod.

When he took a few steps towards the aisle, Sherita said, “Desmond, wait.”

He turned to her, walking to her again. “Yes?” he said, brushing hair away from her face with a stroke of his index finger.

“You did all of this for me?”

His cheeks dimpled. “Yes.”

“Why?” she asked.

Desmond glanced at Dante briefly then back to her and said, “A wise man told me that I needed to show you my heart. So I’m showing it to you, and I will continue to do so for all of our days.”

Desmond slapped hands with Dante and patted him on the back with his left hand. “Thanks, bro.”

“Anytime, Des,” Dante said.

It was then that Sherita turned around to see that, not only was Dante standing behind her, but so was Emily and Melanie wearing beautiful turquoise gowns. The women had tears in their eyes.

Kurt was there too, standing with Melanie. He would walk her down the aisle while Dimitrius was busy playing the piano.

“This one is yours,” Emily said, handing Sherita a bouquet arrangement.

With tears in her eyes, she took it with a trembling hand. “Thank you.”

“See you underneath the arbor, beautiful,” Desmond said. He began his walk down the aisle, taking his position, then turning to look at her.

Emily and Dante were next.

Melanie and Kurt followed.

And then came Sherita’s big moment – a moment she thought she’d never have. None of this felt real. Even when Desmond professed his love for her, it hadn’t felt real. It felt like a dream. Things this extraordinary only happened to other people, not her. But it was happening to her. Married already to the man of her dreams, she’d now get to experience what it would feel like to proclaim their love for each other in front of their family and friends.

“You ready, honey?” Lewis asked.

Sherita glanced over at her father. “Yes, Dad. I’m ready.”

So she walked, taking extra slow steps until she met Desmond underneath the arbor.

Desmond reached for her hands then shot a handsome smile her way. While the minister spoke opening words, Desmond just stared at her, the way he used to stare before they married, remembering how beautiful she was when he’d first saw her. He recalled how hard he fought to stay away from her in the beginning, but how he never could completely leave her alone. And lastly, he remembered the first time they made love, how tears ran out of her eyes, the exact same way they were streaming down her face now.

“Who gives this woman to be married to this man?” the minister asked.

Lewis stood up and said, “I do.”

The minister then asked, “Who gives this man and woman to be married to each other?”

Everyone in attendance stood up and shouted, “We do,” and then a roar of laughter and cheers broke out.

Sherita laughed, watching Desmond do the same.

Next came the vows – the traditional ones, and after Sherita and Desmond said ‘I do’, Desmond had his own vows to say – his own expressions of love. Still holding her hand, he said, “I never thought I would be here, standing in front of people I love, people I care about exchanging vows with a woman. I could never see myself as that kind of man…the kind of man who could give a woman my heart. Then you came along.” After a few moments of silence, of watching the breeze fan through her hair, he continued, “My life before you was good. Lonely, but good. I had success, money, my dream house…I thought I had everything I ever wanted. But my heart wanted more. It wanted the special thing my parents shared – something far more valuable than money, than anything I have and that’s true love. I’ve found that with you, Sherita.”

Sherita squeezed Desmond’s hands tighter when she saw wetness in his eyes.

“You are the part of me I was missing,” Desmond continued. “You are the woman I love more than life, more than I love myself. You are the mother of my babies, and you are the woman who satisfies me in every way known to man, and then some. I love you, baby.” Desmond moved his hands to her face, cradling her gently, then lowered his lips to her mouth, kissing her while the crowd roared, cheered and sniffled.

Afterwards, she looked at him and said, “I love you, too, Desmond Champion. Forever and always.” She threw her arms around him, feeling his arms settle around her.

When they separated, he pinched tears from the corner of his eyes and said, “I have one more thing I need to do.” He took her left hand and pulled the yellow diamond ring from her finger. “When I gave you this ring, it didn’t mean anything. It’s valuable in price, but not to your heart. That’s why you kept taking it off, and I don’t blame you for doing so. So I went and bought another one – a ring that you will never take off. One that will represent my love for you forever.”

Desmond took a black, velvet box from his pocket and opened it to reveal a new ring – an eighteen carat, white-gold, diamond ring surrounded by smaller diamonds on the band. He removed the ring from the box and when he did, she Sherita saw that he’d had it engraved with the words: For Desmond’s Princess.

Desmond slid the ring onto her finger. “There. That’s better.”

The crowd cheered again while Sherita wrapped him in her arms once more. She closed her eyes, sealing this moment in her memory. She would never forget this day – the day Desmond Champion, her prince, showed her his heart.





* * ~ * *





You’ve just finished reading, The Best Thing He Never Knew He Needed. Continue reading for a BONUS chapter, The Studio Reveal, beginning on the next page!





Discover more of The Champion Brothers Series Books:





Read Dante’s story in His Paradise Wife (The Champion Brothers).

Read Dimitrius’ story in When A Champion Wants You (The Champion Brothers).





Can’t get enough of The Champion Brothers? Catch up with the brothers and their wives as they explore the ups and downs family life in Book 4, coming soon.





The Studio Reveal (Book Extra)





Two Months Later





Desmond brought the jeep to a stop in the parking lot of Sherita’s new studio, then shut off the engine. Finally, the building had been renovated just the way he wanted it, and it was time to surprise her with it.

“Does that mean I can take off this blindfold now?” Sherita asked.

He looked over at her. “No. Not yet, baby. I’m going to get out, come around and get you, okay. No cheating.”

Sherita grinned. “Okay.” She didn’t know what the big surprise was all about, but she did know that wherever they were, it wasn’t far from home. Desmond had only been driving for ten minutes, and that was with a couple of stoplights included.

Desmond opened her door. “Be very careful. I’m going to help you out.”

“Okay, Des.”

He took her hand, then turned her legs in the direction of the door. “I’m going to lift you and lower your feet to the ground. Ready?”

“Yes. I’m ready.”

Desmond successfully lowered her to the ground and, after pushing the door closed, he took her hand and began taking a few steps to the building. Then he untied the blindfold.

“It’s a building. A pretty building, but still, it’s a building,” Sherita said, grinning.

“It’s not just any building, baby. It’s your new studio.”

Sherita’s body trembled. “My what?

“You heard me. This is your studio.”

Sherita looked at the building again, while absently placing her hand on her plump, round belly. At six months, her stomach had stretched and formed into a beautiful home for Desmond’s twins, and as her mother had suspected, she was carrying well.

“I didn’t have a business name put on it yet because I have no idea what you want the name of your business to be. Once you get it nailed down, I’ll have the sign custom made and installed wherever you would like it.”

Her lips quivered. “Des, how did you—?”

“I listen. Even when you don’t think I’m listening, I hear you. Your dreams are my dreams, too. I knew you wanted a studio, so I made it happen.”

“Just like that?”

“Yep. Just like that,” he said, taking her hand. “Come on. Let’s go in.”

He took a set of keys from his pocket, handing them to her and watched as she unlocked the door. When she stepped inside, her eyes widened to take in the fancy design of the place – from the snazzy sky lights to the plum purple paint on the walls.

Sherita walked closer to the walls when she noticed they were decorated with photos, all in black and white. But they weren’t just any photos – they were pictures she’d taken throughout the years, all blown up to larger sizes and printed in black and white.

Tears fell from her eyes. “Des,” she said faintly, her left hand on her heart, her right hand fanning her face.

Desmond circled his arms around her. “You’re not going to faint on me, are you?”

“This is…this is beautiful,” she said tearfully.

“So are you, princess.” Desmond cupped her face between his hands and took a kiss from her lips. “Now, let me show you the rest of the place.” Holding her hand, he showed her the studio rooms, with different themed backdrops on the walls.

In the bathrooms, Sherita was excited to see more of her pictures used for the décor on the walls. And her office – it was a dream workspace. She had a desk in the center of the room, a couch, conference room table with six chairs, a water fountain that reminded her of the one from their basement and lush, green plants near the windows.

Walking closer to the desk, she saw two picture frames – their wedding photo and a picture of the two of them with Ezra and Grace.

“Do you like it?” he asked.

She looked up at him, watching as he leaned against the door frame looking sexy as can be in the black peacoat he wore that accentuated his strong jawline. Every time she looked at him, he took her breath away. For a moment, she just stared, thinking about all the things he’d done for her. The surprise wedding ceremony, two months ago, nearly blew her away. Then he transitioned to working out of his home office full-time so he could be with her during the last few months of the pregnancy. He could’ve very easily hired someone to help her, but he wanted to do it – wanted to make sure she was okay without having to worry.

Realizing how extremely overprotective he was of her, and how it all went back to his parent’s death, Desmond decided that therapy would be good for him. He was grateful that his brothers came along for support. He wanted to be the best man he could possibly be for his children, the best husband he could be for his wife, and he recognized he couldn’t do that by holding on to emotional baggage from tragedies of the past. He had to let that go.

Desmond walked over to her as she stood beside the desk, seemingly at a loss for words. He brushed tears away from her face. “Rita, baby, do you like it?”

“I love it, Desmond.”

“Good,” he said, lowering his mouth to hers, fully taking control, breathing in heavily and out forcefully as if he was satisfying a craving.

When they separated, Sherita said, “They’re kicking again.” The babies usually kicked whenever Desmond kissed her like this, that is, when they were awake.

Desmond smiled. “Good. They need to know how much I love their mother.” He kissed her again, deeper than before.

And the babies kicked again…

“Every time I turn around, I see y’all kissing,” Dimitrius said, interrupting them.

Desmond and Sherita looked at the door and smiled, watching Dimitrius walk in. Melanie, holding Grace, came in as well. Then emerged Dante, holding Ezra. Emily was right behind him.

“You guys made it,” Desmond said. He then turned to Sherita and said, “They’ve been dying to see this place. I told them you had to see it first.”

“This is nice, Des,” Dante said. “You went all-out, huh?”

“I did. I put my heart and soul into this. That’s what my lady deserves.” Desmond took a kiss from Sherita’s cheek.

“Aw…that’s so sweet,” Emily said. She walked over to Sherita and embraced her. “Were you surprised?”

“Yes. Very much so,” Sherita responded. “I didn’t expect this at all.”

“Well, you certainly deserve it,” Melanie said.

Grace began whining and trying to wiggle out of Melanie’s arms. “Grace, sweetheart, where do you think you’re going?” Melanie asked.

“You know where she’s trying to go,” Desmond said, walking towards her. “She wants her Uncle Des. Come here, Gracie.” He took her into his arms and gently bounced her up and down. She’d since stop crying and even flashed a smile at him.

“Look at him,” Dimitrius said. “Preparing for fatherhood, Des.”

“He doesn’t need to prepare,” Dante said. “He’s already a natural.”

Sherita smiled. “He is, isn’t he?” She dabbed her eyes.

Desmond looked at Sherita, his gaze locking with hers. He replayed in his mind how, just months ago, he had told her he didn’t want marriage and a family. Now he had it. He had it all. He had her, and soon, he would have some little Champion babies to love right along with her.





* ~ *





Discover other books by Tina Martin:

His Paradise Wife (The Champion Brothers)

When A Champion Wants You (The Champion Brothers)





Evenings With Bryson (The Blackstone Family)





Accidental Deception, The Accidental Series, Book 1

Accidental Heartbreak, The Accidental Series, Book 2

Accidental Lovers, The Accidental Series, Book 3

What Donovan Wants, The Accidental Series, Book 4





Dying To Love Her

Dying To Love Her 2

Dying To Love Her 3





The Millionaire’s Arranged Marriage (The Alexanders, Book 1)

Watch Me Take Your Girl (The Alexanders, Book 2)

Her Premarital Ex (The Alexanders, Book 3)

The Object of His Obsession (The Alexanders, Book 4)





Secrets On Lake Drive

Can’t Just Be His Friend

All Falls Down

Just Like New to the Next Man

Vacation Interrupted

The Crush





For more information about the author and upcoming releases, visit her website at www.tinamartin.net.





