WHEELS OF STEEL

BOOK 3

Pepper Pace





Girl, you amaze me! Music has no color.

-Ho-Z





Copyright





© 2012 by Pepper Pace. All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of Pepper Pace.





Disclaimer

~***~

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Any reference to music is in no attempt to claim ownership. All rights belong to the musical artists. This book contains graphic depictions of sexual acts and is intended for adults only. This book is part of a series and should be read in order.





COVER ART

Ho-Z Design

http://hozdesign.com/





DEDICATION

With this story I hope to breathe life back into you. Rest in peace, Kim.





ABOUT WHEELS OF STEEL

This story is more a journey than a book. I didn’t want to split it, however it was the size of 3 novels and therefore I really felt that it needed to be separated into 3 separate books. My intent is not to leave you with cliff-hangers, although that will probably be the case. These 3 books are NOT separate stories and should be read in chronological order. If you want to know more about WOS then refer to my blog where these characters are still living in continuing stories at: http://pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com/





PEPPER PACE BOOKS

~***~

STRANDED!

Love Intertwined Vol. 1

Love Intertwined Vol. 2

JUICY

Urban Vampire; The Turning

Urban Vampire; Creature of the Night

Wheels of Steel Book 1

Wheels of Steel Book 2





WOS

Book 3

~***~





Chapter 1





Robin sulked Saturday. Jason had not called at all Friday night or Saturday morning and then she worried that maybe he had actually drowned in the hotel pool. She thought about calling Belinda but she was mad at her and all of them. Yeah they had been drunk but they had been assholes yesterday and she had felt like an outsider for the first time in a long while. Maybe she was a buzz-kill. But so sorry if she didn’t want her boyfriend who had cerebral palsy, to get drunk, lose less motor skills and then go naked swimming with a bunch of other drunks!





She opened her laptop and peeked at yahoo messenger to see if Jason was logged in. He was…which only meant that he probably had never logged out.





Her phone finally rang at about one and she saw that it was Jason. She was tempted not to answer but she had been on pins and needles for far too long to play that game.





“Hello.” She said in a monotone.





“Robin. Can you come to the hospital? Good Presbyterian, not University?”





Her heart leaped. “Jason what’s wrong?”





“Belinda got really sick.”





“I’m on my way.”





She slipped on shoes and dashed out the door. It took her longer then she liked getting to the hospital because she had forgotten how to find it. It was an older, smaller hospital. Once she found the emergency wing and had parked, she had a difficult time finding her way back to the correct entrance. She was out of breath from running by the time that she got to the correct front desk.





“Belinda Stryker, please.”





Robin was given instructions on how to locate the elevators that led to Belinda’s floor. After an impossibly long time later, she was entering her room. Everyone was there, their eyes moved to her as soon as she entered the room. They each looked horrible! Jason’s hair had gotten wet at some point and had dried into a tangle of ringlets.





Amberly’s fine hair was matted and she had dark circles beneath her eyes. Peter was as pale as a sheet except for his red rimmed eyes. Belinda was lying unmoving in bed. She had an iv feed in her arm and appeared to be sleeping.





“What happened?” Did she drown? OD? Go into an alcoholic coma?





Peter was the one to answer. “She has an infection.”





“An infection?”





“Because of the abortion.” Amberly said softly but her words were full of accusation. “The one that I didn’t even know about until today.”





Robin mulled that over. She smoked, didn’t rest and she had been very pale…Robin looked at Jason. “What exactly happened?”





Jason wheeled to Robin and took her hand. “We were at the hotel partying and she started feeling sick. We thought it was the drinking and we had her go to bed. But when we woke up this morning she was burning up with fever…and not moving. So we called an ambulance. The doctors said that she has a uterine infection. It’s evidently been going on since the abortion and now is out of control.”





“But she’s on antibiotics. They gave them to her at the clinic.”





Peter spoke up. “Those pills? She stopped taking them, they made her vomit.”





“Well…can’t they give her a shot, or something?”





Peter rubbed his face. “They think that they can stop the spread of the infection by taking her uterus. But she won’t sign off on it. Robin…they have to stop the infection or it will kill her.”





Take her uterus! How could this be happening?! No…Belinda probably wouldn’t sign off on that because she wanted to have a baby one day. Robin released Jason’s hand and walked to the bed. She sat down and Belinda’s eyes opened. They were glassy but she smiled slightly.





“Hey girl.”





“Hey. You got sick.”





“Yeah. Stupid, huh?”





“It happens. But we need you to get better.”





“Yeah.”





“And plus Peter is in love with you.” Belinda’s smile broadened. “And I can’t keep him in line without you around to help.”





“You can, if no one else can. He respects you.”





Robin looked over her shoulder at Peter who was staring at her hopefully. She turned back to Belinda. “They want to take your uterus.”





“I’m not going to let them.”





“They can keep your eggs safe. Then one day you can have babies that have yours or Peter’s face. One day when you’re ready. Hell, I’ll even carry your baby for you. Not sure if the kid won’t come out part black…”





Belinda laughed. She closed her eyes. “Okay. If you will be my baby’s Mama then I’ll do it.”





Robin smiled. She leaned forward and kissed her forehead. It was burning hot. She nodded at Peter and his face instantly lit up. He wheeled out of the room to inform the nurses and doctors.





Amberly’s brow was knitted, but she didn’t say anything, she just kept that strange look on her face.





Robin realized just how critical it was that Belinda have the surgery as soon as possible, when everything and everyone began to move quickly. She was given a release form to sign and then Peter was at her bedside talking to her and clutching her hand as they began administering medicine into her IV drip.





“Hey Blondie,” she muttered at him. Don’t look so scared. It’s going to be alright. I’m pretty tough.” He laughed, his eyes glued to hers.





“That’s what I love about you.”





Belinda smiled, the medicine putting her to sleep. “Sing me that song, Blondie.”





“What song?”





“The one you sang to me after…you know. That song.”





He hesitated, but as he stared lovingly into her eyes he began to sing about how much he loved her and how one day they would have money and a son...





Jason, Robin and Amberly left the room to give them their time alone before the surgery. The loss of Belinda’s uterus was devastating but the most important thing was to keep her here with them. And then to harvest her ovum and keep it safe so that one day Robin could carry her babies for her. She would do it willingly.





Peter joined them in the waiting area and Robin thought that there had been too much time in hospitals for them. Amberly went and got coffee for them and then she sat next to Peter and squeezed his hands. Peter wouldn’t even look up, he just stared at the floor.





Jason had a seizure and it was loud as he growled and barked out. He thrashed in his chair and kicked out and slapped and Robin thought that she would have to pull him to the floor and lay him on his side but when it ended he collapsed back into his seat, panting loudly.





She wheeled him to the bathroom after and she thought she saw him wince as he stood. She thought that he might have injured his legs when he stretched, maybe pulling a muscle. She wished that Raymond was around. Robin wished for a lot of things right then.





Back in the waiting room the quiet and long wait seemed to weigh on each of them as they all silently held their own private reflections of Belinda. A full two hours later a surgeon entered the room and looked around.





“Belinda Stryker family?”





“Yes.” Peter said, his back straightening as he stared at the doctor.





The doctor sat down on the table that separated two couches and referred to a chart before looking at them. “The surgery was a success. The infection is under control. We’re going to monitor her for a few days but she seems to be improving already. She’s in recovery and you can see her shortly.”





Peter blew out a shaky breath and he rubbed his eyes. His fingers were wet when they came away and then Amberly hugged him.





They stayed until Belinda woke which was hours later. But no one could leave until they could see her pretty brown eyes looking at them. Jason sighed in relief at her.





“I swear to god if you ever scare us like that again I’ll strangle you.”





“I’m tired of being the squeaky wheel.” She said. Peter was holding her hand and Robin grabbed the other.





“You get better soon. Jason and I are going to leave but we’ll be back tomorrow.”





“Okay. Sorry I worried everybody.”





“Just get better, Squeaky.”





Amberly rubbed the back of her hand lightly. “I’m going to go home too. I’ll stop by your place and get some of your stuff and bring them to you tomorrow.”





“I appreciate it Amberly. Bring my bunny slippers.”





“Those ratty things? No, I’ll buy you new ones.”





“No, it has to be my fuzzy wuzzy’s. I already broke them in.”





“Fuzzy wuzzy’s?” Peter said. “You have names for your slippers?” He looked at Amberly. “Bring her the fuzzy wuzzy’s if that’s what she wants.”





It was night when Jason and Robin finally left the hospital. They were both exhausted and the ride home was quiet but not just because of their fatigue. Jason turned to her.





“I’m sorry, Robin.”





“About?” Her eyes were steady on the road.





“Last night.” She didn’t respond. “I was drunk.”





“Is that how you’re going to act every time you get drunk, every time you celebrate with your friends?” She finally asked.





“No. What seemed right yesterday…seems totally stupid today.”





“Did you…Jason, did you get into the swimming pool naked?”





“Yeah. I did.”





The disappointment and hurt she felt at those words almost overwhelmed Robin. She couldn’t believe how much what he just said hurt her.





“Who else got in naked?”





“Well…like, a lot of people that partied with us-”





“From Wheels of Steel!” She demanded, her tone letting him know that there was one particular person that she was concerned with, and one person only.





“Just Peter and Amberly. Belinda couldn’t because…you know, she was still healing. So…yeah.”





Robin thought that she might have to pull the car over because she was so angry. Jason knew not to say another word until she decided whether or not she was going to blow up or if she was going to handle it in her normal way…which was not to handle it but to bury it.





She pulled into the parking space and didn’t turn off the car. She popped the trunk, got out and retrieved the wheelchair. She slammed it to the ground as Jason watched her warily. Then while he maneuvered himself into it she moved to the backseat and pulled out the boxed Christmas tree. With a grunt she pushed it out of her car.





“Robin.” Jason said.





Ignoring him she got the wreath and flung it into the direction of his door.





“Nothing happened, Robin.”





She moved around his body and slammed the passenger door shut.





“Robin!”





She spun on her heels, eyes narrowed. “Me and my mother won’t be here tomorrow for dinner. I’ll see you Monday to take you to school. But…don’t talk to me. I don’t want to see you, I don’t want to hear you and I damn sure don’t want to think about you!”





“I swear nothing happened, Robin!”





She climbed into her car ignoring him and zoomed away.





Jason felt lost as he sat there in the parking lot. Not only had he messed up bad, but he’d lied. Something did happen in that pool.





Chapter 2





Robin couldn’t get home fast enough. She wasn’t even in her house before she was calling Pinnacle. Ben answered.





“This is Robin. I’m going on vacation.”





“Robin? Okay. When did you want to take it?”





“Immediately!”





“Robin, are you okay?”





“No. Yes. Just…can you take me off the roster?”





“Well…Mr. Hamilton is not easy to find a replacement for-”





“He’s got a winter break coming up soon until the first of the year. He should only need an in-home aid for that and maybe just for a few hours a shift to help him with eating.”





“Okay. How long did you want to be off the roster?”





“Until the first of the year.”





“Okay…well when did you want to start your vacation?”





“As soon as you can manage it. I’m talking a day or two.” In actuality she and Mom weren’t supposed to leave until Wednesday of next week. They would have a Christmas and New Year’s eve vacation.





“You’re not giving us much notice-”





“I never ask for time off, Ben. You know that. And other people do. But I need the time off!”





“Okay, I understand. Is everything alright, Robin? I know that Mrs. Babbs death must have been-”





“Yeah, it was. Just let me know when you have someone to fill in for me.” She disconnected knowing that she had been rude and short but she didn’t care. She just wanted to go home and throw something.





The next day she prepared for church and went to her Mother’s house. Jason didn’t bother her and she didn’t think about him because thinking about him made her too angry. She didn’t want to tell her mother about the fight they’d had so she used Belinda’s illness as an excuse for why he wasn’t present. But Betty was more focused on the CD that Jason had made for her. She couldn’t stop talking about how good it was and how talented he was. She made Robin promise to tell him how much she enjoyed it and Robin lied by promising that she would.





After church and their weekly dinner, Robin drove to the hospital to visit Belinda. She figured Jason would be there but she just wanted to see her friend and make sure that she was still doing well. When she got to the hospital Peter and Amberly were there but Jason wasn’t. She kissed Peter, ignored Amberly and then went to sit by Belinda’s bedside. She was groggy and half asleep but Peter assured her that she was still making improvements.





“Where’s Jason?” She asked while trying to sit up. She stopped suddenly and sucked in a pained breath. Peter moved to adjust her bed with the remote and Robin adjusted her pillows until she looked more comfortable.





“Jason is at home I guess.”





She saw her glance at Peter and Robin felt bad that she was worried about their relationship even as she healed from an illness that had nearly killed her.





“Peter, can you and Amberly go get something to eat so I can talk to Robin. I know you haven’t had lunch yet.”





“Sure babe.” Peter said.





“Okay.” Amberly gave Robin a curious look but didn’t say anything to her as she left.





Belinda waited until the door was closed before speaking again. “You two are fighting?”





Robin made a face. “Why are you worrying about Jason and me? You need to get better-”





“Because I know how bad it hurts to be mad at someone you love.”





Robin looked away.





“What’s it about? That stuff that happened Friday? We were all shitfaced. He didn’t mean any of it. Jason’s like you; he’s no drinker. Even a drinker like me doesn’t really know how to hold our liquor. But he didn’t mean any harm.”





“It hurt my feelings.” She made a dismissive sound. “But hurt feelings I can get over.”





“Okay…?”





“But I’m having a tougher time getting over the fact that he got into that pool naked with Amberly.”





“He told you about that?”





“Yeah.”





“I’m of an opinion that some things should just die away quietly with no comment. That night in the pool was one of those things.”





“And you still think that there are no feelings between Jason and Amberly?”





Belinda didn’t answer, she just shrugged before finally speaking. “But he’s in love with you. That other stuff was just the alcohol. I don’t even think he knew what he was doing, we were all so fucked up.”





“But you do know where I’m coming from, don’t you? Even though you want us to be okay, don’t just pretend that you don’t get why I feel this way.” She felt close to tears because she wanted her feelings validated and not to just hear someone say, ‘just get over it’ “No woman wants to know that her man is naked in a pool with another naked woman…especially if that woman announced that she was head over heels in love with him!” Robin stared at the ceiling in anguish.





Belinda’s lips turned downward. “Every stupid move has a huge consequence.” Robin looked at her suddenly feeling bad that she had unleashed her own pity party on her sick friend. “They couldn’t save my ovum. The fever was too bad; too high.”





Robin closed her eyes sadly. “I’m so sorry-”





“Every stupid move has its consequence. So listen to me hard, just listen. Ask yourself what you really really want—even if you can’t say it out loud.” Tears filled Belinda’s eyes and her voice cracked. “And then you make it happen. You make it happen!”





Robin brushed away Belinda’s tears with her thumbs, but she nodded in agreement.





***





Jason had dragged in the Christmas tree and had put it up early Sunday morning. The wreath was roughed up but he hung it on the door and straightened the ribbon and then located some pine cones that had been knocked loose.





He played Christmas music and made dinner and when his mother came over he had still held out hope that Robin and her mother would show up as well. When they were a no-show, he had to explain that Robin and he were having an argument and his mother had nodded sadly and didn’t try to get into his business about what had happened. She just informed him that she hoped for the best.





He wasn’t the best cook, but dinner was salad and a chicken casserole that he made with white rice, chicken breasts and cream of mushroom soup. The rice was hard in places but his mother didn’t complain. They talked about the song with Akita Tom being finished, they talked about the fact that he’d been fitted for his braces, they talked about Robin going on vacation for Christmas and how the two of them would spend it, and they talked about her holiday fundraiser at The Findlay Market. And then she left and Jason stared at his phone wondering if he should call Robin despite her demands or whether he should wait until he saw her in the morning.





The next morning Jason got up and the first thing he did was to plug in the Christmas tree. He wanted it to be the first thing Robin saw when she came over. He had respected her wishes and hadn’t called her but it had cost him a sleepless night of tossing and turning. He put on Motown Christmas music and started the coffee so that they could have time to hash it out. Then he started the process of preparing for school.





He was never more excited when he heard her key in the lock. For a few agonizing minutes, he didn’t know whether or not she would show. But here she was. He wheeled from the back of the apartment where he had brushed every single knot from his damp hair and had even shaved.





Robin was staring at the tree. “It’s crooked.”





“Yeah. I couldn’t get it straight. I thought if I turned it, it wouldn’t look so bad...”





Robin had a pine cone in her hand. “I found this in the bushes.”





“Yeah…” He wheeled to her and took it from her hand. “I couldn’t find them all.” The teapot was going off and Robin hurried into the kitchen to turn off the fire and to prepare the coffee. Jason followed her. Why was saying that you’re sorry so hard to do, even when you knew you were wrong and you were truly sorry?





“Robin, I just wanted to tell you that I know I acted badly and that I wish that you would forgive me. If you do, I promise never ever to do anything like that again. And I won’t drink…or get drunk or let another woman sit in my lap, or…you know, be naked around others.”





She turned to him and just stared at him. Her expression was completely unreadable. “I trusted you…not to do certain things. Just automatically trusted that you would be a certain way.” She struggled for the right words. “But now…I don’t automatically trust that.”





He looked crushed. “I know I messed up, but please don’t say that you don’t trust me.”





“I trust you, but I don’t have…faith that you will do the right things anymore.” She poured the coffee and heard Jason’s cracked response.





His face was broken as he rubbed the tears from his eyes. “Please don’t say that, Robin. That hurts me more then you can ever imagine. I didn’t mean to take away the trust!” She walked to him, sinking to her knees in front of his chair, Robin placed her head into his lap and held onto his legs while his body folded over hers and he held her in return.





“What I want more than anything is for us to be together.” She whispered.





“Me, too, Sweetheart. Me too.”





***

School was very difficult with Belinda not being there during lunch. The friend’s were very quiet, not joining the usual rowdy exchange that occurred at their table. Amberly shot Robin and Jason curious looks which were ignored. Robin didn’t say anything to her; not hi, not bye.





Peter stared blankly at nothing.





“Are you going to stare at it or eat it?” Robin finally asked him, referring to his bowl of chili.





He looked up at her. “I was in my own little world.” He spooned food into his mouth without seeming to taste it. Robin felt so sorry for him. Peter seemed so lost right now.





“I still haven’t heard the song you did with Akita Tom,” He looked up curiously.





“Really?” Then he glared at Jason playfully. “Slacker. Why is it that I’m always the one to school your girl?”





Jason grinned and shrugged. “We should take her to the studio so that she can hear it in surround.”





Peter got excited. “Yeah! I’ll meet you guys there after school.” He turned to Amberly who had been listening. “You coming?” The smaller woman looked away.





“Nah, I got an exam that I have to study for.”





Robin noted that Jason looked at anything but Amberly. Robin hated this part. She wished that this part would be over.





After classes she and Jason met Peter in the lobby of the studio. Since the recording was completed Jay, the technician wasn’t around and neither was Mr. Edelson. They let themselves in. A cleaning crew had repaired the damage of the party. Robin looked around wondering if popular musicians had their own personal housekeeping.





The trio moved into the control room and Jason and Peter moved comfortably into position powering up the equipment. Jason turned the lights down low giving the area a lounge effect and Robin bounced on her toes in excitement. Jason watched her with a shit-eating grin on his face, and then he played the song.





It was very mellow, she didn’t hear hiphop or R&B, jazz maybe. A horn was the focal point but she couldn’t identify what type of horn…maybe a flute? Damn it was so good! She bobbed her head and tapped her feet feeling the music flow through her. It was so mellow! She wanted to spin and dance and float around the room…she just didn’t want anyone watching her while she did it and both of them were staring at her in delight at her reaction to the music.





Suddenly there was a break in the music, the horns came in softly and the music got funky. Robin lost it, she clapped her hands and exclaimed that it was awesome and the guys beamed proudly at their creation. Robin couldn’t help it, she began to move to the beat of the infectious music, not even caring that they were staring at her.





Jason stared at Robin, mesmerized by her, in awe of her, in love with her. How could he have made-out with Amberly in that pool when there was nothing about Amberly that could match this feeling that he had for Robin?





Robin got tired long before the song ran out. It was an hour long!





“I never heard of an hour long song before.” Robin exclaimed while settling onto Jason’s lap to rest after her extensive dancing session.





“We’re leaving it up to Tom to edit it down.” Peter explained.





“I think it can be two songs.” Jason added. “The beginning is totally different then the end.”





“Two songs would be two fees, right?”





“Right.” Peter said grinning broadly. He checked his watch. “I need to go to the hospital before visiting hours end. Jason. Remember what we talked about.”





“I remember. I’m going to ask her now.”





“Ask who? Me?”





“Yeah. Wait.” He indicated that he wanted Peter to leave before he said more. Robin watched them both excitedly. Peter wheeled to her and kissed her cheek.





“See you tomorrow. I’ll tell Belinda hi for you.”





“Okay. Bye Peter.”





When he was gone Robin gave Jason a curious look. “What?”





“You asked me what I wanted for Christmas?”





She scowled. “Ewww! Here in the studio?!”





“No! Not that…I mean…I want that too.” He took a breath. “I want you to record some songs for me so that I can play them. I want you to do Poetry man and some others.” He gestured to the glass enclosed recording studio. “No one here but you and me. This place costs a shitload of money each day so we probably won’t have use of it beyond today. How about it babe?”





Excitement coursed through her body as she looked at the microphone in the other room. “Well where is the music going to come from?”





“Well I can feed music in through your headphones. “But my idea is that you would sing acapella.”





“Oh my god! You’ll hear every mistake I make if I do that!”





“If…you make any mistake, that’s what this equipment is here for. But I don’t think you will. You never do when you sing for me.”





She looked at the microphone again and then nodded.





Jason wheeled her to the entrance of the studio. “You’ll love how it sounds in there! The acoustics are fucking perfect! Peter sang some stuff to give to Belinda for Christmas; professional grade, of course. She’s going to love it.”





“She doesn’t know?”





“Nope.”





“Cool.” Robin shut the door and watched as Jason wheeled into position.





“Say something, babe.” She jumped, his voice had come through speakers that she didn’t even see.





“Testing…” Her voice boomed out but he was right, the acoustics were awesome. She laughed and it reverberated back at her. Robin covered her mouth and tried again. “Testing one, two, three.”





“Good babe. What do you want to sing first?”





“Well we can start with things that I don’t need music for.” She sang Poetry Man, tunes by Ledisi and India Arie before Jason put in his special request music. He surprised her by requesting tunes that weren’t traditionally sang by women, like a few Beatles songs and then there were groups that she had never heard of like Little Dragon and Laura Izibor. When it was all done she had cut 15 tracks. She’d only had to repeat 4 of them.





He powered down and she looked at him expectantly. “Where is it?”





“Well I have to polish it and-”





“Oh, I thought you said it would be flawless as I sang it.” She joked as she left the small room to join him.





“Well it is. But I’m going to make it studio perfect .” He pulled her into his lap. “But I’ll have it finished before you go on vacation next week.” They kissed.





“Okay.” She placed her arms around his neck and his hands moved beneath her blouse and went directly to the clasp of her bra. He had it undone with one hand within a matter of seconds.





“Jason!”





He ignored her outcry as he pushed up her blouse to expose her beautiful brown breast. His mouth closed over her nipple. He glanced at her before momentarily releasing it. “Three days without you is too long.” And then his mouth was tugging on her nipple again.





Robin arched her back in silent agreement, offering her breast to him. Her hand plastered to his chest and as his tongue flicked her, she gripped the fabric of his shirt and pulled at it frantically. Jason quickly leaned back and pulled it off over his head. Robin took the opportunity to step down to the floor and wiggle out of her tights and jeans skirt. Jason paused, eyes glued on her and then quickly undid his pants. He’d only had an opportunity to pull them down over his rump before Robin moved back until she was against the control panel, naked as the day she was born. She checked behind her to make sure she wouldn’t mess up anything and then she leaned back, spreading her legs slightly.





Jason’s breath strained as he quickly wheeled to her. Robin placed one leg on his hand rest and then braced herself and placed the other leg on the opposite one. Jason quickly locked the wheels and gripped her legs, bracing her so that she could slide down onto his lap, straddling his chair.





He quickly smeared the precum over his cock and poised it at her spread sex. She was glistening and wet already and as he stared at her pussy Jason thought that he had never seen anything as sexy in his life. Gripping himself, he eased into her opening, watching her little pink hole swallow his massive cock.





Robin leaned back, feeling the controls pressing against her palms but not caring if they had to be reset. She groaned in pleasure as Jason filled her. He reached down and touched her bud with his thumb and Robin cried out loudly. Her legs began to tremble and Jason gasped and quickly pumped into her. His head fell back against the chair and he used the muscles of his legs to push up so that he could thrust upward into her even faster.





He reached out blindly and found her breasts, her nipples tight beads against his palm. His other hand gripped her ass, holding her as they both moved together, pumping and grinding and rubbing their pelvises whenever he bottomed her out.





Jason pulled out of her suddenly and Robin hoped that he understood that she couldn’t get pregnant, but then she felt his hair tickling her thighs as he moved back some and she thrust her pussy up to his mouth, intuitively knowing that is where he was headed.





Jason’s strong arms maneuvered her legs up until they were hanging over his shoulders and the back of the chair. Her back was completely against the control panel…yeah, they would definitely need to be reset!





He ate her pussy burying his face into her, his tongue probing her depths seeking ever drop of her honey. He lapped and slurped and swallowed every bit of her even after she had quaked and shook her way through a massive orgasm. When there was no more Jason let her fall back onto his lap…and his waiting cock and he fucked her hard and fast until he filled her with his cum.





Robin couldn’t stay in that position any longer with the instrument panel cutting into her back and hands so she sat on his lap and buried her head into his neck while his fingers sought out each crease and indentation that the table had left on her flesh. He rubbed it soothingly kissing her head and face and crooning his love for her.





***





Belinda was released from the hospital the next day, and after school Jason and Robin went to visit her. She was staying at Peter’s so that he could keep an eye on her. Robin had never been to Peter’s loft apartment. It was very modern and chromed out in black, whites and grays. He had expensive taste and obviously money to indulge. It was minimalist, which Robin understood was necessary for someone that used a wheelchair. He had his music studio set up in a second bedroom whereas Jason only had a one bedroom apartment so his studio was just his living room.





Belinda looked like a little kid huddled under Peter’s white down-filled comforter. The bed was huge and looked like the type of bed that once you got into, you wouldn’t want to get out of. The color had returned to her face but she didn’t look much better. Dark circles were beneath her eyes and she appeared listless.





Robin took everything in quickly and then offered her friend a quick smile which Belinda struggled to return. “Damn, check out that bed. I almost want to get under the covers with you.” In response Belinda pulled back the comforter offering her a place. She was wearing fleece pajama bottoms and an old jersey.





Robin kicked out of her shoes and did climb into bed next to Belinda. Belinda’s face formed a genuine smile then. Jason scowled and then reached down and undid his shoes. Robin gave him a surprised look.





“Well I’m not passing up an opportunity to get into bed with two gorgeous girls!” He pulled himself into bed on the other side of Belinda and draped his arms around her cuddling with the sick girl. It was so obvious that the company delighted her and her mood improved instantly. When Peter came in carrying medicine and bottled water he halted at the sight of them in his bed.





“Orgy!!!” Then he slipped beneath the covers at the foot of the bed. It was a toss up where he would end up once he reappeared. Everyone laughed and Jason howled.





“Hey that’s my dick and I hope that was Robin’s hand!”





They heard Peter’s muffled response from beneath the comforter. “Shit, sorry, thought it was B’s leg. Fuck dude, get away from my girl with that thing!” He finally emerged nestled between Robin and Belinda as they all giggled and chuckled. He looked from one girl to the next. “Damn. I got the best spot in the house.”





They lay there for a while enjoying just being with each other and then Belinda asked.





“Where’s Amberly?”





Robin didn’t realize that she was going to speak until it was too late. “Maybe she’s swimming naked in a pool with somebody’s boyfriend.”





Peter’s eyes got big but he didn’t say a word. Belinda looked at Jason who shook his head quickly, willing her not to say anything. Robin caught the strange exchange.





“Sorry.” She finally said. Peter still had the bottled water and pills so he gave them to Belinda and kissed her after she took them.





“Good girl. Come on guys, let’s let her get some sleep. She hasn’t slept since she got here.” They left the bedroom promising to visit her later and she waved at them drowsily, peering at them beneath half hooded eyes.





“How’s she doing?” Robin asked him once they were in the living room and the bedroom door was shut.





“The hysterectomy is really painful, and plus she was already weak. And then she’s depressed because she won’t ever be able to have a baby.” Everyone was quiet for a while. “She’s getting healthier, though.”





“How are you?” She asked him. He sighed. “Okay. I just wish that I had done this a long time ago. Then everything would be so different.”





Robin paused. “She told me that she would have done this even if things were good between you. She wanted to finish school because she didn’t want to be like her mother. She wanted to do this for herself before she brought a baby in to it.”





“That’s what she told me, but I still wonder…if I hadn’t royally fucked it if it would have been different.”





None of them would ever forget that conversation and even years later they would each ask themselves that same question.





***





Robin was making dinner when Jason’s phone rang. He had one more exam to study for before his last day of classes Friday. It was Link, he answered quickly.





“Yep?”





“James just called me. He wants us to set up a skype webcam. He and Tom want to talk to us.”





Robin turned the fire down to simmer on the hamburger steak and gravy that she was cooking. “What’s going on?” She asked as she joined him in the living room.





“I don’t know.” Jason quickly logged into skype and then he received a request for a group chat which he immediately accepted. Robin sat down on the couch out of the view of the computer camera.





“Top, Link can you both hear us?” Mr. Edelson was sitting next to Akita Tom. So he had flown back to Japan. Good riddance, Robin thought. He was nice enough but she didn’t want some guy that freely offered narcotics to her to be anywhere around Jason or Peter. Period.





“Loud and clear James. Hi Tom.” Jason said.





“Is everything okay?” Peter asked.





“Hey guys.” Came Akita Tom’s response. “Everything is great. I finished the song…or songs. We cut it up into two parts. It was actually better than I ever anticipated. I want to put it on my next album.”





Jason leaned back and beamed happily. He turned to Robin and gave her a thumbs up. She couldn’t keep the smile from her face. Her boyfriend was going to be on the album of a famous musician!





“Guys, what I really want to do is to record an entire album with you two. I want you to come out to Japan. You’ll be on holiday and we can get most of it knocked out then. How’s that sound?”





Peter’s screaming response could be heard as testament to his feelings on the proposal. Jason was a lot more dignified as he just kept saying repeatedly ‘Fuck yeah.’ Over and over.





Robin sat on the couch hyperventilating. Jason rolled over and patted her on the back pressing her head down until it was between her knees. “Oh my god, I want to have sex with you so bad.” He whispered before wheeling back to the camera.





“So we’re in agreement? Yes?” Tom said looking like Santa Clause that had just given the greatest gift of creation. Peter was gone.





“Where’s Peter?” Tom asked.





He came wheeling back into the room with Belinda on his lap. She was half asleep but beaming gleefully. “Sir, did you just offer to make an entire album with my boyfriend?”





“I sure did Lovely Pink-Look-A-Like.”





Belinda blushed. “Damn, well my Christmas present won’t be nearly as good.” Everybody laughed.





Robin hurried into the kitchen, remembering that dinner was still on the stove. The fellows talked about contracts and logistics and then when the call finally ended, Robin was setting the table.





“I gotta call my Mom!” He announced and talked to her excitedly while he ate, choking and spilling food as he did so. Robin couldn’t help but to grin at his excitement, despite the mess he was making. The phone rang again and it was Peter and the two of them talked for a while longer. When he was finished talking he turned the phone completely off and returned to the kitchen with an excited gleam in his eye. Robin had just finished the dishes and had put away the leftovers.





“Come here, sexy!” He grabbed her from behind and swatted her ass before she dropped unceremoniously into his lap. She kissed him and he gently pushed her away until she was standing. “To the couch and I want you stripped down naked!” With a surprised look she went to the living room and stripped out of her clothes. Jason pulled himself from his chair and to the couch and stripped down naked as well.





With a grin she moved to straddle him and she rode him fast and hard as he spanked her ass and then massaged her stinging flesh. She liked being spanked. She climbed off of him and made him lay across her lap. Surprised at the request he did as she asked and then Robin spanked him hard. He liked it, too!





We’re true freaks! She thought as she spanked Jason’s bottom while he squirmed and moaned beneath her.





They were in bed with fingers intertwined and talking softly some hours later. “I bet Japan is going to be so beautiful. I hate that I have to miss it.” Robin said. Jason stiffened. He sat up suddenly and turned on the light. And then he stared at her.





“Miss it? What are you talking about? Robin I need you there with me.”





She gave him a surprised look, her eyes big. “Jason…I’m going to the Bahamas.”





“But, I’m going to Japan. I can’t go to Japan without my caregiver. I mean, you’re my legs, you’re my hands and my voice.”





She sat up too. “But I already made plans to go to the Bahamas.”





Jason just stared at her in disbelief. “Sweetheart…that’s just a vacation. This is different! This is my life! You can go on vacation with your Mom anytime!”





Robin got quiet and stared at the covers. “It’s not just a vacation.” She tried to think past Jason’s expectations and her wants. She looked at him. “This is the first time that my Mom and I have had to repair our relationship. It’s the first time that she’s shown signs of wanting to do something outside of her normal routine since my Daddy died. And she’s really looking forward to it…and so am I.”





Jason watched her, his face a mask of confusion. “I can’t believe that you’re even considering not going with me. Robin, you’re my caregiver. This is what you get paid to do! I can’t-- CAN NOT do this without you! I can’t go to a different country without you!”





“Well…Link will be there-”





“We’re both in freaking wheelchairs!”





“Don’t yell at me!”





He calmed. “I’m sorry. I just want you to understand how important this is.” She didn’t speak. She got out of bed and searched for her clothes. “Where are you going? Robin?”





“I’m going to go home.”





He sighed and looked disgusted. “You can’t be serious.” He threw back the covers angrily and moved to his chair. “Robin. I’m going to need your birth certificate so that they can fast track our passports. A carrier is coming tomorrow to pick them up! We don’t have time for this!”





She paused in pulling on her bra to look at him. “I’m not going to disappoint my mother. We made these plans long ago and she’ll lose several thousand dollars by me canceling! Why can’t you just ask him to push back the recording?”





“Because this is the best time to do it without me missing any school. You know that!”





She nodded. “I know.” She sighed and buried her hands in her hair forlornly. She would either hurt her Mom or hurt him…what was she going to do? She looked up where he was watching her expectantly.





“What about your Mother? Can’t she do it?”





He didn’t say anything for a long time and then he rolled his eyes. “My mom has all of these Christmas benefits that she’s in charge of for the library. Robin…you know what, I’ll handle it. Just go to the Bahamas. I’ll take care of it.” He climbed back into bed and turned his back to her angrily. Robin slowly finished dressing and then left without another word.





The next morning when Robin returned Jason was on the phone. He gave her the briefest look but didn’t hang up and continued talking in soft tones. She had no idea who he was talking to or what it was about.





She started the coffee and made scrambled eggs and toast. She was just spooning the food onto plates when he wheeled into the room humming happily. He never hummed.





“Hi, Robin.”





“Hi Jason.”





“I got an Aid for Japan.” He forked eggs into his mouth.





She sighed in relief. Thank god. “Who did you get?”





“Amberly.” Robin stared at him waiting for the punchline. He looked at her. “So, don’t worry about it. It’s all covered.”





“Amberly.”





“Yep.” He sipped his coffee and she continued to stare at him.





“Are you kidding me?”





“What? Amberly knows my CP, she even knows Wheels of Steel. I couldn’t ask for a more perfect caregiver.” That stung.





“And who’s going to wipe your ass?”





He rolled his eyes. “Don’t be crass, Robin. She knows how to wipe an ass.”





“Jason. I thought you and I had an understanding about Amberly.”





He dropped his fork onto the plate and glared at her. “Okay, you don’t want to go with me and now you don’t want me to take Amberly to help me. Guess what? She WANTS to go. She WANTS to be there! You don’t get to chose who goes to Japan with me if you aren’t going to do the job!”





“So…this is your way of trying to force my hand, Jason?”





“It’s just the best solution and she already has a passport.”





“After everything that we’ve been through with her, you actually can’t see why this is so wrong?”





“Do you want me to cancel my Japan trip for you?”





“No. I’m not asking you to do that-”





“Do you want me to go without an Aid?”





“I’m not saying that either-”





“I found a perfect solution, and considering the short notice and that I have little alternative, this is the best solution for me.”





Robin stood up and collected the breakfast dishes even though neither of them had finished eating. She was in turmoil. Maybe she should cancel…no she couldn’t do that! Jason said to trust him, but Amberly’s the one he runs to when things are tough. Did he even consider any other alternatives? She did the dishes as Jason finished preparing for school. Robin wished that Belinda was going with them but there was no way that would happen, she just had a hysterectomy, she could barely sit up on her own without excruciating pain.





They drove to school silently and went about the day with very little words. At lunch everyone had somehow gotten word of Jason and Peter’s trip to Japan and the table was more crowded than ever with bodies. Amberly was excitedly exclaiming that she had to go shopping and get her haircut and bounding around like a livewire. Robin was so jealous that it made her physically ill. Amberly was running through a list of all of the things that she would need to do from arranging the flights with James Edelson and making sure that they had transportation to and from. She even had a little notebook in which she used to jot down her thoughts.





Peter touched Robin’s arm and she looked at him sharply. He leaned toward her and whispered. “You okay, Sweetheart?”





She took a deep breath. “Can you take Jason home?”





Peter’s mouth fell open. Jason turned to look at her. Robin moved her chair back and ran out of the room.





The phone was ringing as she drove and cried. Of course it was ringing. She silenced it and headed for Peter’s apartment. She knocked on the door, forcing the poor sick lady inside to get up and shamble to answer it. When Belinda finally opened it, it was to the sight of Robin’s angry, tear streaked face.





“I’m breaking up with Jason!”





“Oh shit. You found out about the pool stuff. Sweetheart, they were drunk and they stopped before anything happened.” Robin stared at the floor. Stopped…they stopped…





And then it clicked and made perfect sense in her mind. Jason and Amberly had done something in the pool that night.





Robin narrowed her eyes at Belinda. “You can’t keep a secret for shit but you kept that one?!”





“Some secrets should never be told.” Belinda said. “It didn’t mean anything. And Jason is in love with you.”





Trust. Jason had said trust but he couldn’t be trusted! He was never going to tell her—not this time…not the next time.





Belinda stared at her. “Something occurs to me and tell me if I’m wrong. You had no idea about what had happened in that pool before you got here, did you?”





Robin’s tears had dried up. “I just needed to get things straight and I have. I should have never been in the picture in the first place.”





“Robin, don’t.” She walked out the door without another word.





When a woman breaks up with a man, and she means it, there are certain things that you do to protect your heart. The first thing Robin did was to change her cell phone number. She called Pinnacle and informed them that she was taking herself off the roster today and if they had a problem with it then when she returned they could tell her to find a new job. She waited for Mary Louise’s response and heard her say, ‘Enjoy your vacation. See you next year.’





With that done she went home and told her Landlord that she was leaving for several weeks and not to expect anyone there. She packed up most of her clothes and personal possessions and loaded them into her car. The last thing she took was the jewelry box that had belonged to Miss Lucille.





When she got to her Mother’s house it was late in the evening. Betty gave her a surprised look. Then she looked down at the suitcases at her feet.





“What in the world?”





“Can I move in with you for a while?”





Betty pulled her into the house. “Babygirl, what’s wrong?”





And despite all of your resolve to be strong, when your Mama is standing there and your heart is breaking-- the tears come and everything that you didn’t want to say comes spilling out of your mouth. They sat in the kitchen drinking eggnog and talking late into the night.





Once Betty had heard the entire story she resisted the urge to say anything bad about Jason. Yeah he was stupid for trusting a treacherous female friend that had her talons out for him, but he was just a mere boy. And love had a way of worming its way back into your heart. So like a smart mother she kept her opinions to herself and listened and sympathized with Robin…and yeah, she agonized that her baby’s heart was broken by her first love.





They made up her bed in Robin’s old room with fresh sheets and she fell asleep in a bed that now felt foreign to her. Sleep came after she had cried a bit more, but her first night without Jason came and went.





***

Amberly watched as Robin run out of the cafeteria. “Aren’t you going to go after her?”





“No.” Jason said sullenly.





“Don’t be an ass!” Peter said. And then he wheeled after her. But by the time he got outside, Robin was already zooming away in her car. He returned to the cafeteria to see Jason and Amberly heading out.





“What was that about?”





“She’s angry.”





“I noticed.”





“She can’t come with me to Japan.”





“Why not?”





“Because she’s going to the Bahamas with her mother.”





“Oh.”





Jason glanced at Amberly. “But she doesn’t want Amberly being my aid for the trip.”





“Ohhh…” Peter said in understanding.





Amberly huffed. “Look, I’ve been cool with Robin. I don’t know why all of a sudden she’s mad.”





Peter shrugged. “Maybe because you had your tongue down her boyfriend’s throat?”





Amberly gave him a hurt look. “We were drunk…and that was a mistake.”





Jason looked uncomfortable. “She doesn’t even know about that. And let’s keep it that way.”





“I’m not going to mention it!” Amberly said. “Look…Jason if you don’t want me to go, then it’s cool.”





Jason shook his head. “Amberly I could really use your help, and it’s only right that you be there. You and me…well we started Wheels of Steel at least the part where you and Belinda made little videos for my beats. And then Peter came along. It feels right that you be there with your camera filming the whole thing.” Amberly nodded and then gave him a relieved hug.





“I got a present for you two…but I’ll give it to you on Christmas…when we celebrate it in JAPAN!!!” Her enthusiasm was too infectious for them not to both smile along with her.





Once the friends had parted to head to their next classes, Jason dialed Robin. He didn’t know what he would say, he didn’t like seeing her hurt, but he also didn’t feel as if he had done anything wrong. Amberly had every right to go to Japan, especially if she wasn’t going to go. But she wouldn’t answer the phone so he just hung up bitterly.





Peter and Jason dropped off their birth certificates and were informed that their passports would be at the airport waiting for them. He didn’t know how stars made things like this happen but he knew that if he had gone through the normal channels then it would have taken six weeks to get a passport. Now they were talking 48 hours!





Jason and Peter stopped for dinner and because they were still more boys then men, they didn’t talk about Robin or Belinda but about Japan and music and money and fame. It wasn’t until he got home that night and looked at the Christmas tree and smelled the remnants of Robin’s perfume that doubt began to set in.





He phoned her again but this time got a message that there were problems with that phone line. The muscles in his jaw clenched and he swore that he was not going to spend even one second worried about her. He was going through his clothes trying to get stuff packed when his cell phone rang and he almost broke his neck to answer.





“Hello?!”





“Hello. Mr. Hamilton? This is Pinnacle.”





“Pinnacle?”





“Yes, Mary Louise here. We’re sending you a replacement aid while Robin is on vacation. Well…we couldn’t find one so I’ll be your assistant until you start winter break, which I understand begins after classes Friday. And then beginning Monday we will have a caregiver that can come out for your daily needs.”





Jason listened in confusion. “Are you saying that Robin won’t be here tomorrow?”





“No. She’s off the roster until the beginning of the year.”





Jason absorbed that information. He disconnected without saying another word and then he called Robin’s number again. This time it said that the number was disconnected. He felt sick and lost. Did she really just break up with him?





The next day Mary Louise rang the bell and Jason scowled at her. “You’re late!” He barked.





“Late? I’m here at seven-”





“You’re supposed to be here at six. How do you not know that?!” Jason wheeled away angrily. He disappeared to the back of the apartment and then she heard him yell. “Mary Louise I need coffee and I need my ass wiped, and I don’t care what order!”





Mary Louise had a hellacious day. Jason was rude, crude and socially awkward. He spit when he talked, he was hard to understand and each time that he had to repeat himself his words dripped with sarcasm. Once he had to spell out something to her and he said, ‘O-like obtuse, U-like useless, T-like like like STUPID!’





If she moved too slowly he yelled her name. ‘Mary Louise!’ and then he’d had a seizure and she had just stood there dumbly not sure what to do. He laughed afterwards and then glared at her as if he hadn’t just done that. At lunch he dribbled food everywhere and then turned his head like an insolent child to have his face wiped. If at all possible, he got worse when his friend whispered something to him. Mary Louise couldn’t hear it all but it sounded like, ‘Belinda told her about what happened in the pool.’





Then he had actually flipped his tray and wheeled away from her. She’d had to chase after him and when she dropped him off after school, she had sworn to herself that she would never ever return. She understood perfectly why Robin had been so quick to get off the roster. Jason Hamilton was an ass!





Chapter 3





There was something very comforting about being home with her mother. Robin remembered a time when she could just place all of her cares in her mother’s hands, back before she had the responsibilities of bills and crappy jobs. She got up each morning and had coffee with Mama before she went to work, then Robin spent the day reading. When Mama returned home in the evening they went out to eat and got caught up on last minute shopping. They had so much stuff that Robin didn’t know if they’d have enough suitcases, so Mama bought her new luggage!





At night she squeezed her eyes closed until she saw stars, but she forced herself not to picture Jason or his wild red hair. Then the next morning she’d start the entire routine over again. Friday came and she went to the bookstore and bought an online book device and she spent a shitload of money on online stories. She spent the day absorbed in fantasy characters and pretended not to think about Jason flying off to Japan without her.





But Saturday was her breaking point. The thoughts and images of Jason and Amberly was too much. There was nothing that could stop her from picking up the telephone and calling Belinda. She missed her madly, and was worried about her, but she also had to satisfy her curiosity; did Jason go with Amberly or not?





The phone rang and then went to voicemail. Maybe that was for the best. She hung up without leaving a message. But not a second later her phone rang. Good ol’ *69.





“Hello.” Robin said.





“I knew it was you.” Belinda said.





“You still sound weak.”





“A hysterectomy ain’t no joke.”





“Do you need anything?”





“It’s kind of boring here. I could use some company.”





Robin sighed. “Yeah, me too. You want me to bring some food?”





“God yes. And no fast food shit like burgers or pizza’s. Something that can’t be delivered.”





“Hmmm…How about fish?”





“Yum…sushi would be better. Grab some dragon rolls from Mr. Sushi and I’ll be your friend for life.”





Robin grinned. “I’m on my way with sushi in hand.”





When she got to the loft the door was unlocked and cracked for her and Belinda was in the kitchen brewing oolong tea. She had the table set with pretty black and red square plates and fancy chop sticks.





“Oooo.” Robin exclaimed.





“Peter knows how to do stuff up nice.”





“Yeah.” Robin said solemnly. She placed the sushi on the table and Belinda’s lip twisted.





“I’m sorry, Robin.”





Robin frowned. “What are you sorry about?” Robin opened the tray and placed sushi pieces onto both plates. She grabbed soy sauce and wasabi and mixed it in the small bowl that accompanied each plate.





“About…everything that happened that Friday and about how you found out and asking you to come to the abortion with me when I knew you didn’t want to. Just everything.”





Robin glanced at her. “Everything that I did, including taking you to the clinic, I did because I wanted to.” She passed her a plate of sushi and Belinda ate one without the chopstick.





“That’s so good.” She said while her eyes rolled to the top of her head.





Robin dipped her into her wasabi/soy sauce mixture and then munched happily. “Yep. Good stuff.”





Belinda gave her a long look as she chewed. “I guess they’re in Japan now. Peter hasn’t called yet.”





“Hmm.” Was Robin’s only response.





“Even though you haven’t asked, I’m going to tell you. Amberly is there also.” Robin dipped another bit of sushi into her liquid, but this time when she placed it into her mouth it didn’t taste half as appetizing. “Jason tried to call you a million times before he left. He even went to your apartment. The landlady said you were on vacation.”





“I don’t want to talk about Jason.”





“You care about me, but you didn’t come all this way just to bring me sushi and see how I’m doing. You want to talk about him.”





Robin put her plate down on the table and headed for the door. “I’m out of here.”





Belinda chased after her and then winced, holding her belly. “Okay…I’m wrong. You came to eat sushi and keep me company. So, let’s climb into that big ass bed and do it right. We’ll run up Peter’s cable bill watching pay-per-view.”





Robin followed her back to the kitchen and while Belinda grabbed the sushi she grabbed the tea and they got into that huge bed of Peter’s and watched pay-per view movies on cable until it was time for Robin’s mother to come home.





Robin felt pretty good. She bid her friend goodbye promising to return and then she met her Mama for dinner.





Robin’s new routine was to sit with Belinda for a while. She tidied and did laundry and they watched tv or a rented movie. And then came the day that the phone rang and Belinda was talking very lovingly to her man. Robin got up to move out of the room to give her privacy but Belinda stopped her.





“Robin! Peter wants to talk to you.”





Robin shook her head. “I don’t-”





“This is freaking long distance!” She held out the phone and Robin reluctantly took it.





“Hi Sweetheart.” Came Peter’s voice.





“Hi Peter.”





“Thanks for looking out for B. I tried to call you to tell you to keep an eye on her for me. My Mom is going to come by every few days but…well you know how Moms can be.”





Robin relaxed a bit. “I know. I don’t mind hanging out with your girl.”





“Jason wants to talk to you.”





She bristled. “I didn’t…come here for that.”





“It’s fine. I don’t get into people’s business the way B does. I just thought I’d mention it. Can you make sure that she is taking every bit of her medicine? Sometimes she tries to slack off on one or two of them and they don’t work well if she doesn’t keep them in her system for the full ten days.”





“Yeah I’ll do that.”





“She hasn’t been smoking, has she?”





“No, at least not while I’ve been here.” She said honestly.





“That’s good. When are you leaving for the Bahamas?”





“Wednesday.”





“Oh cool, two more days. Have a safe trip. Can you turn the phone on speaker?”





“Speaker? Sure…” She found the speaker button.





“Hi B, can you hear me?” Peter’s voice said.





“Yep.” Belinda took the cordless phone out of Robin’s hand and then moved to the door and locked it. She then planted herself into a sitting position directly in front of the door.





“Robin?” Jason’s voice came across speaker. No…they had not set her up like that!!! Robin crossed the room to yank the phone from Belinda but the bigger girl placed it behind her back. Robin stood there in front of her glowering in anger. Belinda gave her a twisted smile.





“She’s here, Jason. She’s just mean mugging me. Go ahead.”





“Robin, don’t be mad at them. I asked them to do it, and they didn’t want to. But I needed to talk to you.” Robin automatically reached for the door knob before remembering that’s the reason that Belinda was sitting in front of it. Damn, they had really thought this out.





“Robin, I know that you’re pissed and hurt right now. I don’t want to be broke up with you. I love you.” He paused. Robin looked around, for some way to escape his words. It was agony to hear him say the words that could break her.





“I know you’re mad. But I know you still love me too. I got drunk. And I did something stupid. So I’m going to tell you what I did. Because if you’re going to break up with me then at least you’ll know everything and that’s better than not knowing.” He seemed unsure.





“We got to the hotel and checked into some poolside rooms. James got us ten rooms, nothing more than two double beds and a bathroom. The real party was the pool and Jacuzzi. I was too drunk to swim and knew it but me and Peter thought it would be okay to at least get into the Jacuzzi. Once we were in there we took off our underwear. You couldn’t see anything with the bubbles, I swear it!”





Robin stood silently listening even though she told herself that if the door was opened she would be out of there.





“Amberly got in. She was wearing underwear, I’ve seen her in a swim suit, so it was really no big deal. It just got stupid after that.” Jason took a deep breath. “She sat on my lap. I wasn’t wearing pants and…I just started to kiss her.”





Robin closed her eyes.





“And then I started to take off her bra and Peter asked me what the fuck was I doing, and I thought…yeah, what the fuck am I doing? And that was it. Nothing else happened. It stopped. I swear, that’s the god’s honest truth. ”





Robin couldn’t help it. She started crying quietly. Why did he have to do that? Why did he do that and then go off to Japan with her?





“Jason…” Belinda said quietly. “She’s crying. I think I better hang up now.”





“Robin! I’m so sorry. I wanted you to hear it from my own mouth. Nothing like that will ever happen again-!” Belinda disconnected the phone and stood up allowing her to leave. Robin tearfully yanked open the door and ran out of the apartment. She didn’t visit Belinda again.





Images of Amberly and Jason filled her dreams and when Wednesday finally came, she was never so glad to leave behind her cold dreary city. As they flew across the country, Robin’s quiet caused Betty to touch her hand. Robin looked at her mother.





“You can always get back together with him, Robin.”





Robin shook her head. “He had inappropriate contact with a girl and he doesn’t know why it was wrong to ask that same girl to go with him to Japan?” Robin shook her head dispassionately. “I am done with him.” She turned back to the window and looked out at the world below her.





They had just gotten a few inches of snow over the last few days and so when they landed in Florida and the air was actually muggy she felt a true system shock. They carried their coats in their arms and were wearing pants and short sleeved tops as Mama had cautioned her to do. But Robin was still in awe when they entered the terminal and saw people wearing shorts and tank tops even though it was considered winter.





Mama got them a taxi mini-van to carry their massive amount of luggage. And at the hotel they had a great room to share that was big and luxurious. Mama asked her if she wanted to do some exploring or if she wanted to hit the pool.





“Pool!” That was the very second that Robin decided that she was not going to ruin her vacation by being sad or angry. She decided that she was going to be brand new. And why shouldn’t she? No one knew that Robin Mathena suffered from panic attacks, was afraid of crowds, could barely meet a boy’s eyes. All anyone needed to know is that Sweetheart had lost her baby fat over the last few months and had a rocking new body and had already been in love and now considered herself out of it.





Robin put on a two piece bathing suit that she had planned to wear beneath an oversized shirt due to the amount of flesh that showed past the skimpy material. Ignoring the oversized shirt, she slipped on matching flip flops and when she came out of the bathroom her Mom raised a brow.





“Um…where is the rest of your suit?”





Robin laughed. “Mama. I hope you are not planning to wear no granny bathing suit.”





“Robin you have way too much ass for that suit! Go put on some shorts.”





Robin found her shortest shorts and slipped them on but kept them unbuttoned while her mother went into the bathroom and changed into a dreary brown bathing suit with old lady appliqués on the top. Robin gave her a long look.





“Mama, I want you to wear your hair down.” It was pinned up into a french twist.





“What? I’m about to swim, it’s going to be a mess!”





“And I want you to put on some more lipstick and I want you to take off that bathing suit and go through my bag and put on that other two piece I bought. We gonna burn that thing you are wearing!”





Betty opened her mouth to protest but then closed it. She tilted her head at Robin and then she smiled. “Okay.” She grabbed the two piece bikini out of Robin’s bag and went right back into the bathroom and changed.





When the two went to the pool, it was a fact that the light skinned woman with the long black hair that ran past her shoulder blades did not look like she could ever be forty-five years old. Her perfect body looked great in her multi-colored bikini that was cut high to show off her shapely legs in slip on heels. The caramel colored girl next to her that had the sexy gray/green eyes was shorter, curvier, and had caught the attention of many men that couldn’t take their eyes from the sight of her swaying hips.





Several men asked to join them or offered to buy them drinks which surprised Betty. She was unaccustomed to opening herself up to the attention of men. As their trip progressed she would learn to enjoy the attention. She certainly would become surprised that Robin was into partying to the degree that she was. It was something that she probably learned from her time with Jason and college kids.





Chapter 4





“Robin.” Robin squinted and then held her hands up to block out the sun. Mama was standing over her hammock. She was wearing sunglasses but the sun was still bright. “You cannot fall asleep out in the sun like that! Look at you! You are going to be pitch black by the time you get back to Cincinnati!”





Robin chuckled and then reached down for her Coco loco rum drink and almost fell out of the hammock. All she did was to laugh whenever Mama said something crazy like that.





She took a long sip of the delicious drink even though the ice had mostly melted and it was watered down. “Mommy…rub some…um. What’s that stuff called? Rub it on my shoulders.”





“Sunscreen?”





“Yeah.” She wasn’t quite drunk, but she wasn’t completely sober either.





Betty did not approve of Robin’s drinking especially considering her ulcer, but the one and only time that she mentioned it, Robin had calmly explained that vacation was time to indulge a little and that she would rather not have to sneak off somewhere in order to enjoy a little drink. Betty had not wanted her sneaking off somewhere to drink and so had dropped the subject. But over the last few days, a small drink had turned into lots of small drinks. But she would not nag her. She knew that Robin was dealing with a break-up and she could have been morose and hard to be around. Instead Betty found that Robin was the opposite. She didn’t allow herself to fall into a funk and she was truly fun to be around. They danced for hours and went to the casino and shopped. Maybe at times she did go a little overboard, but Betty appreciated the effort that it took for her to at least try.





She picked up the bottle of sunscreen while Robin sat up and straddled the hammock. She was just wearing a bikini and too-little shorts and was flashing anybody who looked in their direction. Betty grabbed a towel and tossed it into her lap. Robin just looked amused and then sighed in pleasure while her mother rubbed the lotion into her warm flesh.





A man walked by; the same man that Betty had noted on several other occasions. She always seemed to see him, his eyes watching her from a distant corner until she caught him and he’d look away. She would have never noticed him otherwise because he wasn’t a black man. He wasn’t white either; some race where the men were tall and dark skinned. This non-black man had thick wavy hair that was more white and gray than black. And he was tall enough to be a basketball player…and built like one too. He wasn’t with the two young women that she sometimes glimpsed. They looked enough like him that she knew they were probably his kids. In that way she marked his age and was a bit surprised that she had even bothered. She would have never noticed him, except for the fact that he noticed her first.



Since arriving on the ship, Betty had taken a cue from Robin and had begun wearing her long hair down and paying more attention to her makeup. She dressed a bit more stylish, sometimes wearing Robin’s clothes. Robin had brought nice outfits along with her but she had spent hours shopping for skimpier, hipper outfits. Betty didn’t necessarily like what Robin sometimes chose to wear, but again, this was her daughter’s vacation as much as it was hers so she didn’t make too big of a fuss.





Robin pushed down her glasses and caught the guy that was checking out her mother, but trying to seem as if he wasn’t. He almost tripped on a limb trying to slyly sneak looks at her in her black two-piece and sarong that contrasted so starkly against her pale skin. Robin stood carefully so as not to fall. It was easy to fall out of a hammock…especially when you added a few rum drinks to the mix.





“Mom. I need to go pee.” She leaned in to whisper to her. “Lay in the hammock, take off that sarong and listen to the music. If that man comes by once more you tell him hello. Okay?”





Betty looked at her daughter in surprise. But she wordlessly did as she was instructed. When Robin returned after peeing and with a fresh drink her Mom was talking to the cutie. Robin walked right past them. Good, if Mama got laid then she would stop worrying about what she was doing. They only had three more days in the Bahamas and she hadn’t gotten laid yet.





It wasn’t that she was horny, though she was. But she wanted what Stella had gotten in that book written by Terry McMillan. Robin wanted her Groove Back. And the best way to get it was with dick. New dick wipes away the memory of old dick. And when she got back to Cincinnati she wanted to be fortified with it!





When they got back on the ship, Robin was indeed burned. She stopped drinking rum and switched to bottled water. It would be really embarrassing if she had to be flown by air to a hospital because her stomach had a hole eaten through due to too much liquor. She took a cool shower and put on a strapless sun dress that ran down to her feet. She put on makeup and then wore Miss Lucille’s diamond earrings.





God she loved the Bahamas. Maybe she should move to the south where she could flounce around in skimpy clothes all year around! There was a disco on the second floor of the ship and now that the sun was down there would probably be people there…hopefully people here age. Most people were old as her Mom or were younger kids. She certainly got approached, but there just weren’t all that many single guys her age to choose from.





The disco always played older dance music from her Mama’s generation but she liked it. She went to an area where she would have room to move and began to dance, flopping around crazily because she didn’t care if she looked strange. Robin twirled and did kicks and dropped it like it was hot and after a few songs she felt someone dancing next to her and opened her eyes. He grinned and had a nice smile and a nicely tanned face. He was older, but not as old as her mother and he had a nice body that was toned and slim. Robin smiled in return.





They danced but he was too old to dance all night and he asked her if he could buy her a drink and sit for a while. She didn’t want to sit she wanted to be dancing or fucking…but she followed him to the bar and away from the loud music.





“What’s your name?” He asked.





“Sweetheart.”





“Wow…what an appropriate name.” He held out his hand. “Hi, Sweetheart. I’m Bob.”





“Oh, how original,” she said sarcastically. “How about that drink Bob.”





He laughed knowing that he had gotten caught giving a false name. “What do you drink, Sweetheart?”





“Whatever you’re buying, Bob.”





They drank gin and tonics. She liked it, but she wasn’t a fool. She wanted sex not to be raped. After a few drinks they got back on the dance floor and danced erotically. ‘Bob’ placed his hands round her waist possessively and periodically he touched her bouncing ass or loose breast. When he rubbed against her Robin could feel him hard.





She felt her panties become wet and knew that this would be the second guy that she’d fuck. It was good that she didn’t know his real name because the second guy; the rebound guy was not important. One day she’d say, ‘Yeah, I fucked some guy in the Bahamas. Nah, I don’t remember if it was good or bad.’





He took control and led her off the dance floor and they hit the elevators. He pressed the button for the top deck and kissed her neck and squeezed her breast as they rode upward. The top deck always seemed to be quiet at night. No one really came up there unless it was to do what she was planning to do with ‘Bob’.





He pulled up her dress and ran his hands along her ass, discovering her thong as they walked to a darkened corner. He kissed her and pressed her against the wall and Robin turned her face away. She didn’t want to kiss him, she just wanted…





She reached for his zipper and tugged down. With a moan he helped her and lowered his pants. His cock was hard and sprung up. Robin gripped it and her fingers met even though he was hard. What the-??? She glanced down at his dick. It was only half Jason’s size!





Robin pushed him away and he backed up, thinking that she wanted to get a good look at it. He clutched himself proudly.





“All seven inches for you, baby!”





“Oh my god…” And then Robin just started laughing. She laughed and pointed at his little dick. The man watched her in confusion. Tears began to run down her cheeks as she laughed hysterically.





“What are you laughing at?” He asked finally beginning to bristle.





“Mister…Bob, whatever your name is-” she laughed trying to catch her breath. “I wouldn’t even feel that little thing!” She clutched her stomach as she was overwhelmed by hysterical laughter. “It’s like…like a cute little baby dick!”





Bob immediately pulled up his pants and zipped himself up. “Fuck you!”





“Not with that…BABY DICK!” Robin cried out, eyes streaming. Bob’s hand formed into fists. Robin saw it and didn’t even care. But Bob turned around and stormed away. Robin couldn’t stop laughing long after he was gone. And then she threw up on the deck and after a few minutes of gulping fire into her lungs she couldn’t remember why she had thought his dick was so funny.





When she got back to her room, Mama wasn’t in her bed. She checked the clock as she flopped down on her bed. After one am. Good, Mama was getting laid. Then Robin was asleep.





Chapter 5





New Years eve came on a Friday; the last day of the cruise. Robin had not gotten laid but it was okay because she had been around enough dicks to satisfy her curiosity. And best of all, Mama and Mr. Benali had been doing it day and night!





Mr. Benali was from Atlanta and he was a widower. His kids had taken him on the cruise in hopes that he would meet a nice lady and get laid. Robin liked their thinking but they were girls and much older than her so there was no potential hook-up there for herself.





The last day of the cruise was a fancy Captain’s ball in which everyone had to get dressed up. Robin had gotten a nice formal gown for it while back in the States, but she had no interest in putting on that sad party dress now. Besides, it was too hot to be wearing black crushed velvet! There should be an alternative toga party! This was the Bahamas for god’s sake!





“Robin, are you sure that you don’t want to go to the Ball with us? Harry’s girls are going to be with us.”





“No, Mom, you have fun.”





Mom hesitated. “Well what are you going to do?”





Robin shrugged. “Go to the casino and then the disco.”





“Okay. Just don’t leave the ship alone. I don’t want you out gallivanting around by yourself at night.”





“I won’t.”





When her mother left, Robin put on short shorts over her bikini and then slipped on tennis shoes and she left the ship for the island.





She knew the touristy part of the Island like the back of her hand, but she was curious about what lay beyond the open market where everyone tried to braid her hair and sale their cheap wares. She decided to roam the market area again. Things changed often and she had picked up a few knick knacks like hand make jewelry and such.





“Hello pritty laty.” Came a thickly accented voice. A guy was sitting in the corner of a booth, watching her. She hadn’t even seen him and he grinned at the surprise on her face. Robin sneered at his smile and went back to her shopping.





“Are you looking for anything in particular?”





“Nope.”





He stood up lazily and stretched his tall lean body. Robin peeked at him. He was caramel in complexion with a huge curly afro and the blackest eyes she’d ever seen. He had to have been six foot three or more and he wasn’t much older than her.





“Is this your place?” She asked. He was very good looking.





“No. My brother’s. He’s getting food. I told him I’d watch it for him until he returned.” He moved to where she was browsing. “You from one of the ships? Or one of the hotels?”





“How do you know I’m a tourist? Maybe I’m here visiting relatives.”





The guy snickered. “Maybe.”





Robin put her hands on her hips. “Maybe?”





“If you were really from here…you wouldn’t be caught dead buying this over-priced shit.”





Robin threw back her head and laughed. “Then show me the good stuff.”





Shawn was his name, and when his brother returned he took Robin to a club where they played reggaeton music and served superb drinks.





“Take it easy, young one,” he warned when she downed the first drink. “This is Sky. You know about Sky?”





“I know it’s what the people in the Bahamas drink.”





“It’s called sky because if you drink too much of it you will be flat on your back looking at the sky.”





Robin accepted his warning and slowed down on the drinking. She liked how Shawn did not ask her about where she was from, or about the States or anything like that. He danced with her but not in a dirty way, though he was damned cute and she wouldn’t have minded.





In between dancing they ate things that she didn’t know, little fried foods and cakes and then when Shawn got bored with dancing he took her to a house party. Robin liked the music and the people watching but the girls there stared daggers at her because of her skimpy attire and Shawn took off his shirt and made her put it on to cover her bikini top. She did with a laugh.





Shawn without a shirt was worth the hateful looks. He was toned, not big, not small but so tightly muscled that she knew he was a swimmer or some other type of athlete. He had a tattoo on his back and Robin reached out to touch it as she followed him through the house to where there was an available place for them to sit.





“Do you like it?”





“Yes, I always wanted one.”





“Then maybe that is what you were really looking for.”





He pulled a joint from his pocket and lit it. After a puff he offered it to her. Robin hesitated but then took it. She took a quick puff and surprised herself by not choking. She took another and messed up when she coughed and sputtered.





Shawn smiled and patted her back. “Baby steps, Little one.” He showed her how to smoke a joint but wouldn’t let her get stoned.





“I want a tattoo,” she announced as she sat on the couch watching the beautiful people dancing to the exotic music. He laughed. “Will you take me to where you got your tattoo?”





“How old are you?”





“I got my ID!”





“I’m asking for another reason. How old are you?”





“Twenty-three.”





“Okay. Come. I’ll need to get my bike. Have you ever ridden a motorbike before?”





Robin hadn’t but she loved it. She especially loved hanging onto Shawn’s beautifully toned body as they sped through the streets. She wanted to scream out that she loved the Bahamas! She was brand new here!





When they got to a more seedier part of town, Shawn put a protective arm around her after securing his bike to a post. He led her into a small shop that had beautiful drawings papered to the walls. Shawn greeted a man, speaking a different language and they spoke rapidly back and forth. The other man looked at her and laughed to Shawn, however Shawn remained very serious.





“You want a tattoo?” He demanded of her.





“Yeah.”





“You have money?”





“Some.” She had only walked out with fifty bucks.





“You have ID?”





She reached into the bag that she had slung over her shoulder for her wallet and Identification. She showed it to him and he handed it back satisfied.





“What do you want? A little heart on your bum? Maybe a butterfly tramp stamp?” Robin flashed him the evil eye. She noted that Shawn hid a grin as he walked around the shop. He retrieved an album and showed it to her. Robin leafed through it. She looked up suddenly. She pointed to an image.





“What does this say?”





The tattoo artist shrugged. “How should I know? It’s written in Japanese.”





Robin pulled out her cell phone and googled something. After a few moments she showed them the image of the Japanese characters that she wanted.





“I can do that. How much money do you have?”





“Fifty.”





“Then it will be very small. Where do you want it?” She pointed to the spot just below her ear. The man hesitated. “Are you sure? That will hurt badly.”





“Good,” was her only response. She lay down on a table and Shawn sat next to her. “Are you sure you want a tattoo on your neck? It will always be there for everyone to see.” She nodded. “What does it say?” He asked.





She stared at the ceiling while the tattoo artist set up his instruments.





“Breathe.”





The tattoo hurt very badly, but Robin didn’t make a peep.





“You are a curious girl.” Shawn said when it was all finished and taped up with plastic. She was given instructions for the care of the tattoo and then she and Shawn climbed onto his bike and they headed to unknown destinations not previously discussed.





When he drove the bike back to its original location, Robin figured this is where he lived. It wasn’t a bad looking house, just one that looked like every other home in the neighborhood. Shawn didn’t turn on any lights but led her through the darkened house and up a flight of stairs. They ended up in a small but neat bedroom.





“Is this okay?” He asked.





“Is there a condom in here?” She replied.





“More than one.”





“Then it’s fine.”





Shawn undid his pants and slipped them off. Robin watched him. He had a very big dick and it wasn’t even completely hard. She slipped off her clothes and climbed into his bed. It smelled of fresh cotton. Shawn reached for a condom and then joined her in bed. He kissed her softly on each eyelid and then her nose and then he kissed her lips.





Robin trembled and reached up and clutched at the curls of his head, pulling him down onto her. Shawn’s tongue slipped between her lips and she parted them and allowed it. This is the second man that I’ve kissed, she thought. Then his sheathed cock was entering her and Robin thought, this is the second man that I’ve fucked. And then when the tears slipped down her temples and wet her curls, he kissed them away and she thought, this is a man that I will never forget.





Afterwards, Shawn drove her back to the ship. He watched her as she boarded it. He had never even asked her name.





Mama wasn’t in the room and Robin showered and slipped on pajamas. She lay curled up in a ball staring at nothing as the ships fireworks went off and the melody of Auld Lang Syne drifted faintly from the Captain’s deck.





Chapter 6





***FOUR MONTHS LATER***





“Three. And that's a magic number…”





The crowd always went wild when they played that song. They would go into hysterics when Robin would spit out the multiplication tables as they tried to sing along with her. It was a great song to end by. She walked off the stage when the applause died down. It was just a small club but her band played there every Thursday during open mic night. They were good, but not trying to break into the music business. It was just something to do to pass the time and have fun.





Sometimes she stayed to have a drink with Becca and Tracey; the other two girls that made up her group ORANGE CRUSH. It was the name they had chosen before she had joined. Robin herself did not particularly care for the name but she did like the two members of the group. They were both 21, fun and they each had the same voracious love of music that she had. The band played a hodge podge of different genres from Top 40, Alternative, classic rock and R&B to whatever played on the radio that interested them, then either Becca or Tracey would pull out their guitars and try to play it.





Robin stepped down from the stage and several people moved forward to tell her how good they had played. She thanked them and began dancing alone to the Progressive music that was now blasting over the speakers. Soon the other two girls moved to join her and the three gyrated until Robin was too thirsty to go any longer. She gestured to the bar indicating that she needed a break but then abruptly stopped before she could manage one word. Robin’s breath froze in her chest as she stared at the body that limped out the door. It was the willowy figure of a dark haired girl with a slightly crooked posture. Robin strained to get a better look at the familiar figure but the girl was swallowed by the throng of dancing bodies.





Robin shuddered, a bad taste suddenly flooding her mouth. Tracy tugged her arm until her attention was back on the subject at hand; a well needed drink. She forced a smile and joined her friends at the bar. Robin drank the first gin and tonic quickly, barely realizing that she had just tossed it back. Her mind fought to push back thoughts and memories that were not wanted in her new life. But soon the liquor warmed her and she relaxed again.





A man offered to buy their second round but Robin declined even though the others were happy to accept. She got up and went back out on to the dance floor without them. Sometimes men thought that just because you said hi, accepted a drink or danced with them that you wanted their stinking hands on you. But this was not the case for her anymore.





A few hours later she was in the bathroom stall puking. She spit one last time into the toilet. There was no blood in it, but it was time to stop drinking for the night. She flushed and then left the stall to wash her hands. Two girls looked at her with concern.





“You alright hun?” One spoke. “You were vomiting pretty good.”





“I’m good.” Robin said while looking at herself in the mirror. She thought that she still looked okay despite dancing until the sweat plastered the clothes to her body and drinking until she puked. Over the months, she had made subtle changes to her look. However, she decided to keep her hair cut short—only, she now went to a hair salon where they expertly tamed it to showcase the big pretty curls that had been hidden within the kink and frizz of her previously unprocessed hair. Robin grabbed a paper towel and dabbed at the sweat that was threatening to melt her makeup. Her nylon shirt was plastered to her body but it didn’t matter since it was designed to stretch and mode over her toned, athletic torso. After touching up her lipstick Robin went back out on the dance floor with her friends.





Becca was holding another drink for her and Robin took it forgetting that she had just told herself that she wouldn’t drink anymore. She carried it onto the dance floor where she danced with it before deciding to finish it off so as not to spill it. A man began dancing close to the three of them. Soon his body began to move closer to Robin’s.





“Hello,” he finally yelled to her.





Tracey watched the exchange with amused curiosity, knowing what was going to happen. Robin blinked a few times, pulling herself from the pleasant alcohol buzz as she realized that he had purposely invaded her personal space. She gave him a look of displeasure.





“Hi.” She moved away from him so that they were no longer in jeopardy of touching. But he was already interested in her and began to close the space that she had created between their dancing bodies. Tracey and Becca both smirked.





“What’s your name?” He asked, yelling over the loud music. He was very attractive; college aged, tight jeans that outlined an above average body.





“Not interested,” was her response. She turned her back to him and Robin’s friends cackled. Robin shot down more guys than anyone they knew. Tracey was convinced that she was a lesbian but Becca didn’t think so and had advised her friend not to even try to hit on her. Tracey would not mind getting to know Robin more intimately but she honestly liked the girl; too much to get shot down like the rest.





Becca had said that Robin was a man-hater, which meant that if she really wasn’t a lesbian, than some guy had done something pretty bad to her at some point in her mysterious past. But there was no point in asking her. Robin never spoke about a life prior to Brown Mackie College where she had met her two friends. Robin was cool, she liked to dance, party and sing. But you could only get just so close to her before she began turning away from you.





As it got closer to midnight, Robin decided that it was time to go home. She thought about the girl that had looked like Amberly and just thinking the name brought a familiar pang through her body that was part anger and part sadness. Her mind reluctantly sifted through the unwanted memories.





After returning from the Bahamas, she had never gone back to Pinnacle and had immediately enrolled in Brown Mackie College. When she thought about what she wanted to do for a living, the answer now came to her easily; she wanted to be a physical therapist. Specifically she wanted to work with disabled children. Brown Mackie offered a fast paced program in which she could become a Rehabilitation Assistant in a short time.





She enrolled to the winter semester and once the decision had been made she had to work fast in order to minimize the number of missed classes. Mama gladly gave her the college fund and she used it to move into a place near her campus. Within two weeks of returning home, she was settled into a new home enrolled in school…and that had been the easy part.





College made partying and drinking much too easy. And there was no shortage of gorgeous men that found her equally as interesting. Robin thought that you could wipe out old dick with new dick. But she soon found that this was not true. In fact, she discovered that being groped by random guys was a big turn off. Despite her best efforts to fuck away her pain, she discovered that every time she got naked and felt a man’s hands and lips on her body it disgusted her. A mouth became something that was filled with spit, bad breath and questionable teeth. Dicks were blood engorged, mucus dripping instruments of destruction. She couldn’t stand to have a man’s sweaty balls near her or feel their clutching hands grasping at her body parts. Sometimes it made her physically ill and she had to jump up and be sick. Shawn’s was the last dick that Robin had experienced.





Anymore, sex was frequent masturbation to computer porn. Sometimes when an unwanted memory of freckled skin and a huge cock came to mind the resulting orgasm would be quick and powerful. But only during masturbation would she allow herself to entertain scant memories such as those. She never thought about ‘him’, not even his name. Robin was successful in burying her past and shielding her soft underbelly with a hardened shell that didn’t allow for close personal relationships—even from a random sex partner, especially from a random sex partner.





Robin no longer thought of her life in terms of happiness or sadness. But she found ways to get through. Drinking would only eat a hole through her stomach…but marijuana wouldn’t and neither would her favorite drug; music. But her chest still felt like there was a black hole in it. And one day, feeling nostalgic, Robin opened up Miss Lucille’s jewelry box. There were some memories that didn’t hurt and Miss Lucille was one of them. It seemed that everything was so mixed up now that she had no even footing on her life. She missed her Mama. She and Mr. Benali had really hit it off and upon returning to Cincinnati their relationship had continued long distance. But before too long Mr. Benali invited her to Atlanta and she had accepted his invitation, closed her business and relocated.





Robin ran her fingers over the jewelry, having a strange sense that the pretty baubles had been sitting there for a long time—waiting for the perfect time to be worn. What a shame that people took for granted what was right before their eyes. She slowly picked up the card that she had tucked away within the treasures. It was Bently Babb’s business card. She had been thinking about something for a long time and as she stared at Bentley’s number Robin allowed the thought to take root; and that idea was that she would die if she continued living as she was; she would either die because of her ulcer or at the hands of some random man that she’d rejected. She dialed the number before she could think of an excuse not to.





“Dr…Um, Bently. This is Robin.”





“Robin, so good to hear from you. How are you?”





For some reason, his kind words brought tears to her eyes. “Um…Can you help me?” And then she had broken down and cried.





“Robin, what’s wrong?!”





“I was wondering if you could refer me to a psychiatrist or something? I think I need help…”





Bently had talked to her for nearly an hour, and then he had indeed referred her to a colleague that was top in the psychiatric field. He wasn’t seeing new patients but had willingly seen her due to his association with Bentley. It was very expensive but Robin saw the psychiatrist at least once every other week and sometimes once every week and took the hit to her pocketbook as a necessary expense. Bentley helped by paying for her first 12 visits. He offered to pay for more but she wouldn’t allow it. He had already given her much more then she thought she deserved.





It wasn’t immediate, and sometimes it even seemed frivolous, but she was eventually able to talk about her mother and her father and even the things that caused her to panic. But one thing that she never ever talked about was Jason. It helped; the talking. She certainly did not think that she was healed. And she still didn’t think in terms of happy or sad, but at least she knew that she had to drink in moderation and she had to live in the moment and not in the past. And in that way, Robin assumed that she had healed herself.





She wore Miss Lucille’s pretty jewels, she lit the candles that most people just put out for show. She danced by herself to Daft Punk, she saw a sign that said ‘Singer Wanted’ and she snatched it up and joined a band and at night she plunged her fingers into her body while her heart raced and fantasized about the light brushing of red hair along her thighs.





***

When Robin returned home after the performance, she stripped out of her clothes and turned on the radio. She then powered on her laptop. It was midnight but she had finals which would mark the end of her first semester of school, and then she could go down to Atlanta and finally visit her mother and Mr. Benali. Unconsciously she hummed and tapped her feet to the music. Studying wasn’t easy for her, she struggled but having music playing helped her to concentrate. Paramore’s; The only Exception began to stream through the speakers and Robin’s heart almost seemed to freeze in her chest. She nearly knocked the laptop to the floor leaping up to quickly snap off the radio.





She rubbed her face in annoyance. Why could a song still have so much power to bring back a memory? It shook her, that particular song and the memories that it brought. With determination Robin stormed to her bookcase. She knew how to counteract these unwanted emotions!





Not with marijuana or liquor. But with DAFT PUNK! Robin found her ipod and scanned to the tune that had become her anthem. She put in earbuds and it didn’t matter that it was after midnight when she cranked up the volume. She allowed the music to fill her body until she was overcome with the need to move. And then bouncing around her apartment in nothing but panties and a t-shirt, singing the lyrics repeatedly like a mantra, lyrics that she wanted to live by, Robin felt good again.





Chapter 7





Jason stared at the big screen television, his long body stretched out in the reclining chair in a position that seemed leisurely but wasn’t since he was not in a state of relaxation. He was tense and focused. Music from Wheels of Steel streamed from the surround sound speakers. And then the camera focused on the form of one dancer; lost in the music, Robin dressed as the sexy Queen of Hearts.





Jason’s eyes stayed glued to her, the way her eyes closed and she seemed oblivious to her surroundings. He had counted the number of men that had watched her, the number of times that she had wet her lips, how many times her eyes had blinked. Over the months he had learned every nuance of every motion she made in the video. He pressed pause and studied her form.





There was a loud knock on the door and Jason blinked as if awakening from a dream.





“What?!”





Normally no one bothered him when he locked himself away like this. Everyone knew the familiar sounds of the Omicron Halloween party DVD that Amberly had created and had then given to him and Peter for Christmas. Sometimes Jason would sit for hours watching the video or listening to the DVD that he had recorded of Robin’s singing, just playing it over and over.





“Jason, can I come in. I need to talk to you!” Amberly voice drifted through the closed door. He didn’t immediately move but finally pressed stop on the DVD player and got up and walked to the door unlocking it. He ignored the cane that sat propped against the chair, and it had been a long time since he’d needed crutches or his wheelchair. Jason wordlessly returned to his seat after unlocking the door without bothering to open it, plopping down listlessly. Amberly opened the door, her eyes flitted to the television screen uneasily but then she smiled again.





“Jason, I saw Robin tonight!”





Jason’s head instantly swiveled towards her. “What?”





“At a club!”





He suddenly sat up straight. “What club? Why didn’t you call me?!”





She bounced on her toes happily. “Because she performs there every Thursday!” He frowned at her in confusion. “Robin’s in a band!” She explained.





“A band…” His eyes narrowed. “What’s the name of it?” He had already leaped to his feet and was limping quickly to his computer.





“Orange Crush.”





Jason began pecking away quickly on the computer. “Eh!” He scowled as Amberly moved behind him to see what he was doing. “Nothing! What’s the name of the club?”





“Nuthouse.”





Jason’s pecking continued and then he paused, a slight smile tilting the corners of his mouth. He pulled up a site for The Nuthouse and saw that it was a Club in Madisonville. They had an open mic night, Karaoke as well as nightly live band and dj’s. Orange Crush was on the schedule each Thursday; no picture of the band, though.





He rubbed back his hair turning to Amberly. “How…how was she?”





“Good. It’s just three girls; Robin singing and the other two on guitar.” Amberly shrugged. “She’s a good singer-”





“No…I mean, how did she seem? Did she seem okay?”





Amberly looked uncomfortable. She scooped her hair back behind her ears and frowned. “She seems…different. I would have never thought that she’d be singing or even dancing in some club.” She shrugged.





Jason considered her words. “Orange Crush…”





***





The girls had jammed all week, sometimes they blew off studying to meet at Becca and Tracey’s apartment to kick back with the guitar, singing whatever came to mind. Which didn’t mean that they had practiced for Thursday’s set. But since they rarely did, it was all cool. Even when they messed up a little the band was still quirky and fun and no one ever complained or booed them.





Earlier they had messed around with learning A Hard Rain’s Gonna Fall, and now they were lying around smoking weed. Robin was on the chaise with her head hanging off the edge and nearly touching the floor. She was stoned but it was cool because at least she wasn’t drunk as well.





Tracy was strumming lightly on the guitar. She was petite, with non-existent breasts or ass. Her dyed pink and blonde hair was cut short into a boy cut. Her eyes were light grey and her skin was pale beneath a spattering of freckles. She was bisexual and could easily pass for a prepubescent boy…and often had.





Becca moved across the room to hand Robin the joint that she had just rolled. She could have been a supermodel except that she wasn’t even as tall as Robin. She had long raven hair and sky blue eyes set within a tanned face. She was a girlie girl that had to get her nails done, get her hair professionally styled and shop until she dropped. She and Becca were best friend’s but friend’s only. Becca was straight and had two boyfriends to prove it.





Robin accepted the joint and after taking two puffs returned it to Becca who then walked it over to Tracy, placing it between her lips as the girl continued to play.





“What are we going to play tonight?” Becca asked.





“Fuck if I know.” Robin responded. They only had an hour long set but they didn’t like playing the same things week after week. They had a small following…which basically amounted to some people from school, and whoever Becca was having sex with.





They spent too much time discussing random things instead of working up a set so before they knew it, it was time to get to the club. Tracy drove them in her mini cooper and they headed to the lower level ‘backstage area’ while open mic finished up. They usually got there early enough so that they could have a good laugh at the performers. It was a very good thing that the backstage area was in the lower level because the girl’s marijuana induced laughter was loud and often times obnoxious.





They had fun together and laughed easily but when it was time to perform they got into Orange Crush mode and became very serious. The spotlight was on them and Robin headed for the stool that had the mic in front of it.





“What are we going to do, girls?” Tracey asked as they got into position.





“A Hard Rain?” Becca Suggested.





Robin shook her head. “Nah. I still don’t have all of the lyrics down.”





“Gives You Hell?”





Tracy scowled. “As a starter? No way.”





“Well come on bitches!” Becca exclaimed and several members of the audience chuckled.





Robin looked over at them shrugging. “Summertime?”





“Yeah,” Becca responded while beginning to strum out the opening notes of the Janis Joplin song. Robin turned to the audience but didn’t see them, just heard the melody and felt the words begin to leave her mouth. She could sound like Janis Joplin if she wanted to, but she opted to turn it into more of a soulful rendition then a bluesy one. The best thing about Orange Crush is that no one got uptight when she did things like that. When the song ended the crowd went nuts! It was always good when the crowd went nuts on the first song! Amateur night had evidently gotten them primed for some good singing.





Becca gave her the raised eyebrow, meaning that this version of the song was going into their play set. After that they did tunes by Lady Gaga, Keri Hillson and Robin was in the middle of Katy Perry’s Firework; her mind so into the song that she didn’t realize that she was moving across the stage with her head thrown back, wailing out the lyrics at the top of her lungs, the crowd stomping and singing along with her.





And that is when her eyes glimpsed something that caused her to squint past the spotlight that was shining on her and out to the crowd. Her body suddenly went ice cold. No one probably had any idea that she was in a total state of shock in that second that she saw Jason Hamilton. The words continued to flow from her mouth, the crowd continued to sing along with her, but her brain was in suspended animation.





Jason was watching her performance from across the room where he, Belinda and Peter sat at one of the small tables. Robin couldn’t take her eyes from them, especially from Jason. His hair was different. At some point he had cut it and it had grown back, not quite reaching his shoulders but still long and unruly. He had let his sideburns grow out until they met with the slight bit of facial hair that seemed more like he’d neglected shaving one day instead of one week. He was wearing a sweater but his muscles filled it out even more than she remembered…





The words stopped coming from her mouth and she realized that it was because the song had ended. Everyone began applauding and she looked around as if she didn’t know how she’d gotten there. Belinda and Peter were whistling and clapping like mad. Jason just stared at her.





Tracy started playing another Katy Perry song and Robin moved to perch herself onto the stool. Her legs were too weak for her to continue standing. She averted her eyes from the little group at the table. So that had been Amberly last week. And where was she now?





Robin sang about Teenage Dreams wishing that she was anywhere but here. And when the song ended she gestured for Tracy to cut it. Her friend covered her mic and leaned forward.





“We got two more songs we need to do.”





“I can’t…”





“What’s wrong?” Becca asked them.





“Just play Tick Tock!” Robin snapped.





The Kesha song was usually sang by Becca and Tracy and they used it when Robin’s voice began to fade. Robin walked off stage, and headed down the stairs to the back stage, ignoring the applause that followed her. Then the girls began singing the Kesha song and the audience went wild for them.





Robin paced back and forth, her face twisted into an angry scowl. Why did they have to show up and spoil everything?! She hadn’t invited them back into her life and she didn’t want them here; not any of them and that included Peter and Belinda! Their friendship had been a double edged sword. They pretended to be her friends but constantly stabbed her in the back. It was always about Jason; catering to him. But when she needed them…





Robin forced the thought out of her head as she got her purse out of the locker. Not that she could go anywhere since they’d driven over together. She was shaken and sat down heavily on the ragged black leather couch. She dug through her purse and located the joint that she had brought. The area was empty now that open mic was over so when she heard footsteps coming down the stairs she presumed that it was the club owner. She didn’t bother to hide the joint, he was the one that sold to them.





But surprised, she saw that it was Jason that had come down the back stairs. She stared at him in shock. He was walking, leaning heavily on a cane, but he had come down the stairs with absolutely no trouble! She straightened up from her slouched position on the couch, but refused to put out the joint. She couldn’t take her eyes from him.





He was a giant! But her memories of him were mostly of him in a wheelchair. He looked more like a football player than ever! His muscle movements had steadied though not completely disappeared. When his head and neck did move, his hair tended to obscure his face. It hadn’t been like that before, he had kept his hair out of his eyes, now it shielded his face.





“Robin.”





Robin looked away, his voice causing some string to be plucked within her body, and the resulting reverb shook her.





“What are you doing down here? This is for performers only.” Fucking weed! Why was that the first thing out of her mouth upon seeing her ex-boyfriend; her first boyfriend…her first love??





“To tell you how good your band played…how good you sounded.”





With her eyes still averted she put the joint back into her mouth and took a draw. She exhaled slowly before looking at him. He was just watching her with steady eyes. Looking in his eyes was like looking into the face of the sun. She couldn’t do it. Instead she stood up and paced a bit.





She took in a shaky breath, not knowing what to say and then just said the first thing to come to mind. “So you got the pump thing?” She couldn’t remember the name for it.





“Yeah. I’m back on the Baclofen pump. I’ve had it since January.”





His voice even sounded different. It was slurred but he didn’t take the deep breaths between words and his mouth didn’t jerk causing his words to change in mid speech.





“I’ve wanted to talk to you.”





Robin’s full lips formed into a sullen line. Then she forced herself to look at him, knowing that he could clearly read the expression of disdain on her face. Good. Her expression clearly stated that this was not a reconciliation. This was him in her personal space.





“About what?”





There was a heartbeat before his response. “About a contract.”





“Um…what?”





Jason looked around the room. He moved to peer at things; pieces of junk that the club owner had stowed there, or things that people had left behind. He looked at her again.





“I used your voice in a song. I need your written consent to use it on my album.”





Album? Whose album was he referring to? His own or that guy back in Japan’s? She asked the question.





“My album. Akita’s album already dropped and it’s a hit. Now they want me and Link to do our own album. But I would like to put…Love’s End on it.”





Robin’s eyes closed. She remembered the haunting lyrics, ‘I don’t love you anymore…’





“That’s fine.” She looked down at the joint in her hand and then put it out. “I told you it was yours to do with as you please.” She looked around for paper. “What? Do you need me to write it down--my consent on something-”





“No. There’s a contract; royalties all of that kind of stuff.”





Royalties! Her brow knit and then she heard more footsteps rushing down the backstage stairs. Tracy suddenly appeared, scowling at her.





“You and your stomach, Robin! Were you vomiting blood again?” Then she spotted Jason and her footsteps faltered. Becca almost ran into the back of her.





“Who’s this?” The raven haired beauty asked with interest.





Robin’s face was heated from Tracy’s earlier words about her bloody vomit. She gestured to Jason who was watching them silently.





“Um, this is Jason.” She gestured to the girls. “This is Tracy and Becca.” Jason shook their hands before he turned his attention back to Robin.





“Robin, can we go somewhere to talk?”





Her body bristled. “No. I…rode with the girls and…”





“We’ll give you a ride home.” Jason spoke.





“We?”





“Peter, Belinda and I rode together.” She thought about that huge van that Peter drove with the flames on it. He had been so strange and so sweet...





The girls were putting away their guitars, stowing them into the locker. “We’re going to hang out for a while; dance and have some drinks.” Becca said. “Go ahead if you want.”





Tracy hurried back up the stairs to engage in the dancing/drinking ritual that was a part of their after performance routine. Becca lingered curiously, wanting to know who Jason was. Based on Robin’s discomfort, he was evidently someone that had made a big impact on her mysterious life.





“Just let us know what you’re going to do.” And then she too disappeared up the stairs.





The marijuana was working on her now so she shrugged. “Well what else did you want to talk about?”





The corners of Jason’s lips rose slightly. “You, of course. And I have to tell you that Belinda and Peter are going crazy up there wanting to talk to you.”





Robin’s blank expression hid the evilness behind her next words. “And what about Amberly? Is she going crazy wanting to talk to me, too?”





If Jason was surprised by her words, he didn’t show it. “She’s not here.” He turned and headed up the stairs. He paused to look at her over his shoulder when he didn’t hear her following. “Come on. They can’t wait to talk to you.”





Robin followed. Fine, let’s do this. It was about time that she came full circle. She didn’t want these people in her life and after tonight they’d know it.





***





Robin followed Jason through the crowded dance floor. Several people gave her a pat on the shoulder or told her how good she had sounded and she always responded graciously despite the anger that was brewing in her belly for Jason and his friends. She tugged his sleeve and when he turned to look at her she pointed to the bar and veered there. She would need a drink for this.





“Gin and tonic.” She said to the bartender. Jason was right beside her and he pulled out his wallet and paid for it. She didn’t argue and when she had her drink this time she led the way back to the table with most of the members of that old group Wheels of Steel.





Belinda jumped up happily and threw her arms around her in a loving hug. Robin bristled but placed her hand on Belinda’s back and waited for her to break the contact. If Belinda noticed her cold reception she didn’t acknowledge it. When she pulled back her face was etched with joy.





“You look really good Robin!” But it was Belinda that had really made a big change. She had slimmed down, yet still retained her curves. Her hair had grown out but had been professionally styled with stark straight bangs and fluffy curls. It was now a fiery auburn. Her Goth influence was still present in her black turtleneck and black skirt with black clunky heels. Standing there towering before her, Belinda appeared every bit the giant that Jason was.





Peter had a huge grin plastered on his face but his eyes were a bit more cautious as he studied her. She could see him taking in everything, including the drink in her hand.





“You do look great Robin. And the way you wailed up there on that stage was fucking phenomenal!” Peter was still the blonde haired blue eyed surfer boy that would make a women look at him three times before they could walk away. But unlike Jason, he had not left behind his wheelchair.





Robin nodded once and sat down. They stared at her happily as if she was the second coming of Christ. She took a sip of her drink noting that it was already half gone. Shit, she should have gotten two.





“You’re in a girl’s band!” Belinda exclaimed.





“I’m in a girl’s band.” She confirmed and as the alcohol and weed began to work on her system, Robin’s body relaxed and her brain retreated into auto pilot. “I go to college now. I’m a full time student so I don’t work. I…hmmm, sing in a band. And I guess there’s not much more to say about me.”





“What are you studying?” Peter asked.





“Healthcare and wellness. I’m studying to be a rehabilitation specialist—focusing primarily on children.”





“You’ll be good at that.” Jason said softly.





“What?” She asked loudly even though she had heard him clearly.





“That’s the perfect profession for you, Robin. You’re a great caregiver.”





“Well I don’t do that anymore.” She turned her attention away from Jason and back to Peter.





“You’re making an album I hear. So your trip to Japan was a success.”





“It was. We evolved some while working with Tom. Same influences but now we’re more polished. I got a DVD of it in the car if you want to hear it. It’s got great reviews. It’s probably playing somewhere on internet radio as we speak.”





“Cha-CHING!” Robin said, making the sound of a cash register.





Peter laughed. “Exactly.”





Belinda placed her hand on the table, a gleam in her eyes. Robin looked at her hand, and then her eyes locked onto the sight of the ruby and diamond stones that were embedded in the ring on her finger. Robin glanced at Peter who was beaming proudly.





“We’re engaged.” Belinda exclaimed.





“Wow, good for you.” Their engagement had the opposite effect intended. It didn’t make her happy for them, it made her sad for herself. But sadness was the last thing she wanted. She tossed back the last of her drink.





“How’s your ulcer?” Peter asked.





She shrugged. “I got it fixed.” She lied.





“Do you want another?” Jason asked.





“Yes.” He made to rise and she stared at him with a gathered brow. “You’re not 21. As a matter of fact, how in the hell did you get in here? You’re still 19.”





“Just for a few more days. Besides, unofficially, I’ve been 21 for the last 3 years.” He disappeared into the crowd.





When he was gone Belinda leaned forward. “We missed you so fucking much, Robin. You have no idea. And for everything that I did I’m so sorry.” Robin’s eyes narrowed, her mouth forming an unfriendly line in her brown face.





Peter watched her carefully. “That goes both ways, Sweetheart. I’m really sorry for what happened that last night. We were both wrong. I was wrong.”





“That was a fucked up time.” Belinda said after a brief pause. “And I was a fucked up individual. But I’m more sorry then you know. After you were gone-”





Robin held up her hand to halt them. “Okay!” Belinda quieted. “I get the point. I’m over it.”





“I can tell you that Jason hasn’t stopped thinking about you-” Belinda began again.





Robin chuckled. “And here comes the real reason that you wanted to talk to me. What are you two, his freaking minion?!” The smile dropped from their faces. “Is every fucking thing in your universe centered around Jason?!” Belinda’s mouth snapped shut in surprise.





Robin leaned forward. “You want to talk to me? How about we really get caught up? We can just cut through the chase and get honest-to-goodness caught up.”





Jason returned with her gin and tonic. His eyes took in the tense mood. They were all watching each other as if there was a stand-off.





“What did I miss?”





Robin smiled up at him. Caught off guard by the beauty of her smile, Jason smiled back while taking his seat, his guard down. She took the glass and raised it to her lips before pausing.





“You didn’t slip me a roofie, did you?”





“No.” Jason said in surprise.





Robin chuckled mirthlessly. “Okay, because the first time you get slipped one…well shame on you. No, actually that really is shame on me. Shame on me the second time I got slipped one, also. But if I get slipped one a third time…well then it means that I’m just a damn idiot.” She swallowed back half of the drink and the three friends looked at each other in concern.





Robin’s eyes were even more hooded then ever when she lowered the glass. “So…where were we? Oh yes! My turn to ask you questions.”





Robin’s eyes fell onto Peter. “You’re a star now…or you think you are. Let’s be honest here…just between you and me Link,” her eyes swept the people at the table, “we’re all friends here. How many groupies have you fucked since you’ve been engaged?”





Peter’s eyes got big and his face turned beet red. Jason placed his hand gently on Robin’s but Robin wasn’t paying attention to either young man. Belinda was watching her sadly. Damn, and she had been going for anger.





She leaned forward again. “You really want to marry this asshole? He fucking made your life a living hell! I was there, I remember every time you saw him flaunt bitches in your face. And you know that shit is going to continue once he stops feeling guilty for his role in your abortion-”





“When did you become such a fucking bitch?” Belinda spoke quietly.





Robin sat back, Jason’s hand was still on hers. Two down, one to go.





“Let’s see…that happened somewhere between running out of Peter’s apartment in tears and fucking my way across the Bahamas.” She looked at Jason. “But there’s no better healing power like riding a big Jamaican dick on New Year’s Eve. Every time I hear Auld Lang Syne I’m going to have a very special memory.”





Jason looked away, his breath seemed to get caught in his chest.





Robin stood, taking a moment to glower at the people who used to be the most important people in her world.





Belinda evidently wasn’t completely crushed because she met Robin’s eyes, sadness making them glisten. “What did we ever do to you but try to be your friends?”





“Friends? When I needed a friend you sure as hell weren’t there for me. I turned to you time and time again and each time you stepped on my trust and like a dumb ass I kept coming back. Fuck you, you fake-ass bitches!” She lifted her drink and finished it. Jason wouldn’t even look at her. Belinda watched her with those stupid watery eyes. And Peter looked as if someone had socked him in his stomach.





Robin turned to the dance floor and sought out her friends; the ones that couldn’t hurt her because she had never allowed them close enough to hold that power over her.





Becca was dancing with her boyfriend of the week; a light skinned black guy with muscles as big as his head. She raised her brow at Robin. “Who was that guy you were talking to?”





“Nobody important.” When she turned to look at the table, it was empty. The evil glint fell from her eyes. It had made her a bit sad to say those things, but not as sad as it had been to be hurt by them in the first place.





Chapter 8





“Well…she’s changed.” Belinda said as she wiped away the tears that were streaming down her face. They were in her Range Rover, the one that Peter had bought her after signing the recording contract.





“Do you want me to drive, B?” Peter asked. He reached out to lace his fingers through hers.





“No. I’m alright. I just feel like shit.”





Jason was staring quietly out the window. He hadn’t said one word.





“Did we do that to her?” Belinda asked seriously. “Man…I thought I was a bitch when I drank.”





Peter turned in his seat to look at his friend. “You, alright, Top?”





Jason pulled his eyes away from the window. “That wasn’t really her, you know.”





“No, it wasn’t.” Peter replied.





“And she’s lying about her ulcer. It’s not fixed.”





“She said lots of things to hurt.” Belinda said eluding to what she had described happening in the Bahamas.





Jason felt his jaw clench and his eyes squeeze shut against the idea of it, but then he took a breath. “She still has feelings for me. I could feel it when I was backstage with her. It was as if there was a live wire between us. I could have plucked it…or she could have and there would have been shock waves. I’m not going away that easy. I’m going to show her that we still have something even if she’s too…hurt to admit it.” Her words had been orchestrated to hurt—and they had. But he knew what he felt happening between them. He just hadn’t understood the depths of her pain. But now that he did he would be fortified for his next round.





“Um…Top, are you sure you want to do this? I’m pretty sure that Robin just told us all to fuck off-”





“She didn’t mean it.” Belinda said. She glanced at Peter. “I never meant it…well, not for long.”





“I’m in love with her.” Jason said. “As long as there is something still between us, then I have to try.”





Peter nodded, locking hands with Belinda. “Yeah. Um, but even if you got her back, how would you ever explain that we all live together now…including Amberly?”





“Not if…when.” He muttered.



***





Friday was Jason’s easy day. Classes were short. People at school still marveled at the fact that his book bag was now slung over his shoulders instead of on the back of a wheelchair. He still had seizures but now that he was back on anti-seizure medicine it was once or twice a week as opposed to once or twice a day. The trade off wasn’t easy to live with; he didn’t make music nearly as much, he didn’t hear it in his head the way he used to, sometimes he had to dig deep in order to find it there. But life was a series of trade-offs and that was something that Jason had to live with.





Peter and Belinda had both left school. Once Peter had his contract he never even returned and Belinda dropped out after becoming engaged. She and Amberly were now employed by Akita Tom productions making ambient music videos.





Jason had opted to finish out the year and to revisit the idea of dropping out after the school year ended. But Jason had become more popular than ever, not that popularity was anything that he had ever desired. The things that he had thought he wanted before success, became easy to attain now. Females became relentless. They not only wanted him in bathrooms, but in cars, in empty classrooms, wherever they could find a place alone with him. But Jason didn’t see himself as single. He was still Robin’s and stayed true to her even after nearly half a year without her.





After classes were over, he caught a bus and headed for his weekly rehab appointment. He signed in and changed into athletic shorts and a t-shirt and then began his stretching exercises. He needed a good amount of time to get warmed up. His legs were not ever going to be completely limber and neither would his hands, maybe one day he would have the surgery to clip them again but not now when he had just received this new mobility. He still wore a full lower body brace which kept his atrophied muscles from twisting his limbs into awkward shapes, but again, the discomfort of leg braces was one of life’s many trade-offs.





Raymond joined him, bouncing a huge red exercise ball as if it was a basketball.





“What’s up, Red.” He knelt down on the mat next to him and the two friends slapped hands.





“Guess what.” Jason was grinning too broadly for Ray not to guess.





“You saw her? So she was at that club?”





Jason nodded happily. “Yes and she sounded freaking phenomenal!”





“Are you two back together?”





Jason’s smile faded. “Not yet.”





“Yet? Confident little fucker, aren’t we?”





“She looked at me, Ray, and I swear that there was something there between us! I could feel it and I know that she could too. We’re not over.”





Jason continued excitedly as Raymond held the ball, Jason positioning his body on top of it, his back rolling along the sphere until his head practically touched the floor. Immediately he rolled forward until his crouched legs were the only thing keeping his bottom from touching the floor.





Jason had never gone back to the creepy old guy that he had hired to replace Raymond. When he returned from his trip to Japan, he’d had a lot of time to think about things and to realize that forgiveness was a gift. As he longed for Robin to forgive him, he came to terms with those that wanted the same thing from him.





Rekindling his friendship with Raymond had been no effort. He showed up at his office one day. Told him that he was sorry, they hugged and Raymond had demanded that he get into some shorts so that they could work out his leg muscles. He hadn’t brought shorts, so instead the friends sat in his office and Jason explained about him and Robin’s breakup and from there it was as if they had never parted ways.





But when it had come time for him to forgive his father, it was much more difficult. He had called Chase to come over to the apartment. His father had been preoccupied with thoughts of disasters and had spent a few moments wanting to know what was wrong. Jason had finally said, if you let me tell you all of the reasons why I’ve hated you, then I’m ready to tell you all of the reasons why I want to forgive you.





Chase had arrived in half the time that Jason had expected. He only got to about the fifth reason why he hated him before Chase’s guilty tears stopped him. He then told his father that he forgave him and he meant it.





They hugged and cried and then talked. Chase’s apologies helped but the fact that he had let go of the hatred lightened a heavy load in Jason that he hadn’t even realized that he carried. And when it was time for him to have the pump surgically implanted, his Dad was right there along with the rest of his friends. Chase leaned down and kissed him and promised that he would be there when he woke up.





“You know what I love most about you son?” Chase had said when his eyes opened after the surgery was complete.





“What ?” Jason mumbled, eyes half hooded with sleep.





“Everything.”





Upon returning from Japan, Mary Louise informed Jason that Robin would no longer be his caregiver. Reluctantly she would fill that role. For a time Jason had thought about cancelling his surgery. He went into a terrible depression where he rehashed every stupid mistake he had made since meeting Robin. But it was Amberly that pulled him out of it.





She had come to his apartment and taken full blame for his break up. It surprised Jason. He had never once blamed Amberly for what transpired those last few days between him and Robin, he just didn’t realize that his friend had taken the full brunt of his circumstance on herself.





“I’ll do whatever it takes to get you two back together, Top. I swear it!”





He was shaking his head listlessly. “Amberly, don’t…ok? I’m the one that messed up-”





She balled her small hands into fists. “No! Because of me you lost something very important to you. I should have never told you that I liked you. And I should have never gone to Japan-”





“Amberly, it wasn’t you going to Japan that ended my relationship with Robin, it was my lies.” He looked away. “Because I did lie. I lied to her and I lied to myself. I do have some feelings for you…that are rooted in more than just friendship.”





The silence that ensued felt like the end of the world. It changed everything between them. Jason fought to meet her eyes. She deserved that at least. After a long while that seemed like forever, Amberly’s lips twisted into a crooked smile.





“And now you tell me.” She said lightly. Jason sighed in relief, but only momentarily. There was more that needed to be said.





“This…is not easy for me to say, but I’m going to be honest.” He fought to continue looking at her even though he wanted to find anything else in the world to look at. “If Robin had never come along then…yeah…something could have happened between us. Maybe we could have had something very big. But Robin came along and there was no room for anything but her. After…her, nothing else could compare.”





Amberly gave him a thoughtful look. “Jason, I think that people can love more than one person at the same time. But I now know that you can’t be in love with more than one person because being in love is so huge that it crowds out everything else! Now I understand that, that kind of love trumps everything else.” Her face broke into a giddy smile and her eyes were limpid pools of satisfaction.





“I’m happy that you know that feeling now.” But he was only half happy and half jealous because he wanted his love the way that Amberly now had hers.



“Jason! You’re not going to give up! You will get that surgery! You will walk and you will get Robin back! You schedule that surgery, and if she’s not back by then, I’ll be your support.”





He gave her a doubtful look. “That’s a lot of responsibility, Amberly. I can’t ask you to do that-”





“Friend’s don’t need to be asked. Don’t be an idiot, Jason! We’re all going to help you. It’s already been decided.” She turned and limped away. “Just schedule the surgery and we’ll take over from there.” She walked out of the door without another word. In her eyes it was all settled.





Jason had become very emotional once he was alone. But she was right. Belinda, Peter and Amberly weren’t just his friends…they were his lifeline.





Jason and Peter closed on a large house that they would share with some of the earnings from their very lucrative recording contract. They moved in a week before Jason’s surgery. And during that time Peter proposed to Belinda and Jason was happy to see her move into the multi room mansion as more than just Peter’s house guest





Amberly and Mary Louise did most of the work for Jason, taking him to his many doctor visits, monitoring his functions, helping him through violent seizures, fainting spells, and the many spills and accidents as his muscles re-adjusted. But Peter and Belinda were there as well to massage his sore limbs, to clean him when he got sick; which was often with both the Baclofen and the anti seizure medicine in his system now. He had decided to start the seizure medicine again. Might as well face all of his demons at once.





Amberly never ‘officially’ moved in. It was just a natural progression to crash in one of the spare bedrooms and then it was just too much trouble to run back and forth from Jason’s home to her own. No one ever really thought about it. It just seemed right that all of the members of Wheels of Steel would be reunited in the awesome new digs that the talent of Wheels of Steel had afforded them.





No, it was no surprise that Jason’s friends became his support for the Baclofen. What was a surprise is that Mary Louise of Pinnacle had also become one.





At first she had hated him, and with good reason. She saw just another spoiled rich kid. He took all of his frustration out on her, especially when he couldn’t go to school or work in his studio but had to lie in bed in pain after the surgery. One day she gave him coffee and the lid hadn’t been screwed on securely and hot liquid had spilled over his face and neck. He had bellowed and called her inept, cursing her stupidity. And after taking weeks of his bad manners, Mary Louise had blown up at him.





Tears of frustration had run down her face as she pointed her trembling finger at him and let him have it! She called him crude, and nasty and hateful and then the coup de grace—she had blamed him for driving away his last Assistant.





Something in Jason broke. Her words, as well as the sight of her tears devastated him. “Mary Louise…I’m sorry. Don’t cry.”





“I’m not crying, you credent! I’m pissed at you! And…” She had covered her face and sobbed. But then she uncovered her face when she heard the sounds of Jason’s crying. He was sobbing just as hard as she was!





“Please Mary Louise! I didn’t mean to hurt anybody. I’m really sorry!”





She stared at him in shock…maybe awe would be more accurate. But his face was beet red and tears were practically gushing from his eyes.





“Please don’t cry anymore!” Mary Louise had wiped away her frustrated tears, still staring at him. And when her tears calmed then so did his.





“Are you okay, Jason?” She asked quietly, not sure if his Baclofen hadn’t done something to his head.





He paused. “I just…don’t want to make anyone cry ever again.”





She hurried to the bathroom and Jason had called out in alarm. “Mary Louise, please don’t leave me!”





“I’m not.” She assured him. “I’m just getting a wash cloth for your face.” She wet a fresh wash cloth with cool water and dabbed his face. As she wiped away his tears she shook her head. “I wouldn’t leave you all alone, Jason. I mean…but we’ll find you a better Aid-”





“No, Mom! I mean Mary Louise!” He blushed furiously. “I mean…if you don’t want to be my caregiver I’ll understand. But I wish you’d stay.” His words were confusing in his anxiety. “Please…I can’t do this anymore. Please stay.”





Mary Louise felt her heart strings tug in that very instant that Jason had accidentally called her Mom and a sad smile hinted on her lips. He was just a sad little boy. She brushed back his damp curls. This could be her son had she ever been blessed with a child of her own. She gave him a quick hug but he hung on like a little scared child.





“You get some rest, son. I’ll be here.” And she had kept her word until he put away his wheelchair for good.





Chapter 9





After Jason finished with his rehabilitation with Raymond, he was hyped to work on some things in the studio. When Peter and Belinda returned home from some outing he was already there working on beats. Peter had wheeled into the lower level space that the boys had converted into a small studio. Nothing fancy but perfect for their needs. Link listened to his friend’s new beats and joined in. Soon they were jamming like the good old days.





Link had been a little worried about him, because the music hadn’t come back to Jason after the surgery. He knew that both the anti-seizure medicines and the Baclofen could affect Jason’s creativity, not to mention his break up with Robin. Peter worried that they would have to use their old stuff to fill their album. But it looked like Link and Top were back in full force!





***





Robin felt sick the next morning from her over indulgence, as well as from having to rehash old memories. She curled into a little ball of angst before forcing herself out of bed. There was no time for recriminations. There were two more weeks of classes and then she could fly out of this city! Becca and Tracy wanted her to join them in Colorado for some skiing after her trip to Atlanta and she had been iffy about it, but she decided that she’d do it! She needed as much fun as she could squeeze into her life.





The majority of her weekend was spent studying. She gave her mother her weekly phone call, which she did each Sunday. She had not attended church since returning from the Bahamas. Not because she didn’t like it, but because she was often times too hung over or tired from partying the night before.





Later Sunday afternoon, Becca called her and told her to come to the apartment, they had a new toy. She was glad to close her books and computer for something more fun. It was a nice warm day so she changed into shorts and a t-shirt and then hurried to the girl’s apartment. She could already hear strange synthesized sounds before even reaching the basement apartment. It sucked being in the basement because sometimes it smelled funny but it allowed for them to get loud without disturbing too many people.





Robin stared at the synthesizer, her smile freezing on her lips.





“You know what this is?” Tracey asked happily.





“Not really.” Robin lied. She knew a lot about DJ equipment.





“Check this out.” Becca began playing a tune and then she sang into a microphone and her voice was auto tuned which transformed it into an electronic sound with music behind it. “Isn’t that so cool?!” Becca asked happily.





“We can do some great tunes with this.”





Robin shrugged and smiled. “You’re not planning to auto tune my voice, are you?”





Becca and Tracey looked at each other slyly. “Check out what we can play on synthesizer that we can’t on guitar.” Becca began playing out the familiar opening notes to ONE MORE TIME by Daft Punk and Robin immediately came to attention.





She picked up the microphone and began singing the opening lyrics. The auto tune was amazing as her voice vibrated back to her! She smiled happily. She belted out the chorus and then she was sold on the synthesizer. She sang and went wild dancing, while Tracey tapped out the simple tune.





“You were right.” Tracey whispered. “We were going to get her on board with this tune.” Becca just nodded while they watched Robin imitate the Snoopy Dance.





They played with it for most of the evening auto tuning everything from commercials to pop songs. But it got ruined when Tracey began auto-tuning to some T-Pain and Drake raps. Robin and Becca just got quiet.





They agreed that they wouldn’t go overboard with the synthesizer limiting its use to just one or two songs a set. While Tracey and Becca shared a joint and tried to figure out what to eat for dinner Robin pressed one of the buttons on the device. A tune rang out softly. Robin circled it before reaching out to test more of the keys, but then she pulled her hands away.





“Hey, look. I gotta go.”





Tracey peeked her head from the kitchen. “You sure? We were going to catch this band at the Blue Note Lounge.”





“Yeah.” She headed out the door. “Later.” She went home and sulked.





On Monday she had a session with her therapist. She didn’t mention Jason or her actions of the previous week. Her therapist didn’t even know about Jason or those friends. She needed to talk to someone, true, but she didn’t need him to tell her that Jason was a big part of why she was there. If he knew, then he would make her talk about it, and that was just something that she couldn’t do.





Thursday came and Robin looked forward to performing before the crowd where their energy fed her soul. She met the girls at the club, not wanting to get caught stuck there if she needed to make a speedy getaway. But she felt relatively confidant that Jason, nor his friends would be making a reappearance. She felt a little bad at the memory of the things she’d said, but couldn’t figure out why she should. She hadn’t invited them and had accomplished her goal to keep them away! The girls headed for the worn couch backstage and watched the people nervously waiting to go on for open mic. They were in the midst of a heated discussion about whether or not to start with a song done on synthesizer when Robin heard Johnny Cash’s version of HURT. She froze.





“What the shit…?” Robin said while coming to her feet. She headed up the backstairs with Tracy and Becca following her.





“What?” Tracy asked. “Not the best singing I’ve ever heard, but not the worse, either.” Robin appeared off stage and stared quietly.





Becca turned to her. “Isn’t that the guy from last week?” Robin didn’t respond. She watched Jason and Peter as they performed with nothing but guitar. Peter strummed wonderfully as Jason stood stoically, holding his cane before him, and singing the tune to the best of his ability. When it ended there was a pregnant quiet and then the applause was loud and prolonged.





Tracy turned to her. “What’s wrong with him?”





Robin grimaced. “He has cerebral palsy.”





Tracy grunted. “Maybe that’s why he sounded like Johnny Cash.”





“He sounded great…” Robin replied.





Becca was watching her closely. “So who is he really? Because it looks like he’s not going to just disappear. So you may as well fess up.”





Robin turned and headed back down the stairs. “Ex-boyfriend.”





“Fuck me…” Becca said while following her. “You dated a boy with cerebral palsy?!”





“Yeah. So?” Robin slumped down onto the couch and reached for an unopened bottle of beer.





Tracy sat down next to her and watched her closely. Today Tracy was dressed in a tight skateboard shirt and loose jeans that accentuated her boyish good looks. “Why is he coming around?”





Robin shrugged.





“When did you two break up?”





“God!” She stood up. “Why are we talking about this?!” She glared them into silence.





The next performer began and it wasn’t Jason or Link. And Jason did not come down the stairs. Yet Robin sat there tensely, quiet as the other two goofed around until it was time for them to go on stage. As they climbed the stairs and stepped on stage, Robin didn’t bother to look out into the crowd because she knew that they would be there.





Robin perched herself on to the stool. They sang several popular tunes including the one that they had been working on; A Hard Rain. And though she wasn’t animated in her performance, the selections were more gentle and introspective and the crowd loved them no less, including the new use of the synthesizer.





The hour ended very quickly and after their performance the girls headed backstage, Becca and Tracy leading the way so that they could put away their instruments for some much needed relaxation. Robin wasn’t the least surprised when she saw Jason waiting for her down in the lower level, but it still didn’t prevent her palms from sweating and her heart spiking. Becca and Tracy got quiet, flashing her sly looks and then hurried up the stairs leaving them alone.





“You came back.” She stood uncomfortably with her arms crossed before her, trying to look mean but failing. He just looked too damn good for her to think about anything other than that.





“Yeah. I came back.” He leaned on his cane. He wore all black. It was very Johnny Cash.





She tilted her chin. “I didn’t think I’d see you again after last week.”





A shadow fell across his eyes, but it was so fast that she wasn’t sure that she had seen it. Then his expression was completely unreadable. “That…was not enough to keep me away.” He pointed to the ceiling with his cane. “As a matter of fact, Peter and Belinda are both upstairs now, and words are not enough to keep them away, either.” He looked at her again. “When Belinda was crashing and burning did it make you want to reach out to her or did it push you away?”





“Is that what you think is happening here? I’m crashing and burning?”





“What else would you call it when you’re suddenly smoking pot and drinking too much?”





She rolled her eyes. “Maybe I do those things because I just like smoking pot and drinking.”





He took a step toward her and she gave him a wary look. “I see you got inked,” he said, staring at her neck. “It’s nice. What does it say?”





She shrugged, looking at the ceiling in feigned boredom. “I don’t speak Japanese. I just liked the looks of it. Look, Jason, what are you doing here? I thought I made it clear last week that I don’t want you here; none of you here!” He just gave her a blank stare which was very unsettling. “What? Do you think that we’re just going to…fall back into each other’s arms and forget about all of the shit that created the problem in the first place?”





“No, Robin. I don’t think that at all. I think that with some work and commitment, honesty and love…then we could fall back into each other’s arms.”





She sneered despite the jolt in her chest that his words brought. “I didn’t hear the word trust in there.”





“That is where the work comes in…and the honesty.”





“I’m not the least bit interested in rekindling our relationship.” She gave him a hard stare. “And furthermore, not only am I not interested, but I also--I could never EVER trust you-”





“Robin…” He groaned, “do you think that I don’t know that I destroyed that? I fucking think about it every single day! Every day I miss you and I think, ‘well she’ll be back today because she couldn’t stay away another minute, not if she feels the hell that I feel!’ Every day is like hell!”





A laughing couple came down the stairs, eyeing them curiously before quickly heading for a locker and grabbing their things. They hurried back up the stairs glancing behind them at the couple that was obviously fighting. Jason waited for them to leave before he spoke again. “Robin…can we just…go somewhere private? Please?”





Her body stiffened and her eyes narrowed. “What? Take me to some private place? Maybe so that we can have a screw?”



“God! No. I just want to talk to you, Robin. I just want to say all of the things that I didn’t get a chance to say before and to tell you how wrong I was about everything! I want to tell you that I know that I handled everything so badly! And I get why you walked away, because I made you leave, I PUSHED you away!” He was breathing fast, watching her closely.





His words were dredging up emotions that hurt too bad to face. She hadn’t allowed herself to experience the hell that he described, because Robin had buried that emotion deep into the dark hole within her soul that she kept all things that could not be faced. Robin felt close to panicking.





Annoyed with herself as much as she was with him for allowing his words to hurt her, Robin spoke calmly. “Jason, I don’t want an apology, a contract, royalties; I just want to be left alone. I didn’t come to you, my life is good the way it is. I’m good; I’m doing things that I never did before; college, singing, making friends. I’m doing good, okay? I don’t want you coming around here—”





A shadow fell across Jason’s face and he finally looked away.





“-I don’t want to look over my shoulder and see you lurking like a…a STALKER! Just leave me alone!”





Jason stepped forward suddenly, dropping his cane as he gripped her roughly by the shoulders, pulling her forward. Then he kissed her while she watched him with wide eyes, his strong grip holding her in place. Robin didn’t have time to object, her body just reacted. Her lips parted and her tongue sought his. Immediately, Jason’s mouth opened to receive her and as their tongues met Robin’s hands clawed at his hair, pulling him deeper into the kiss. Her body felt as if it was filled with electrical currents! Jason pulled her toward him until she was standing on her tiptoes, his kiss insistent, as though he had to catch up on all of the lost kisses that he had missed. His tight grip eased and then his hand moved to her neck, his fingers closing around her throat gently. It was strange and it made Robin’s heartbeat speed up even more. Jason could caress her there with gentle fingers but if she moved away, his hands could also tighten and she knew that it was a very real possibility that he might do just that. And that knowledge made everything scary and yet strangely enticing.





With a groan she nipped his lips lightly and then bore forward, returning his aggressive kiss. Jason’s arms quickly moved around her body, now lifting her from her feet and as Robin’s feet left the floor a part of her was in awe that his legs could support himself and her! And another part of her felt the cracks in her resolve, her desire chipping away at her armor. Robin’s arms went round his neck and she clung to him tightly. Jason groaned in misery or joy as he held onto her. Her face was buried in his neck, the silky curls familiar against her cheek as she squeezed her eyes closed; breathing in his scent which was a balm against her anxiety.





Jason’s body felt wire tight as he held tightly onto Robin, feeling her yielding form molded against his hard one. He could barely breathe, his chest and lungs felt frozen. And then Robin’s legs suddenly went around his body and with a low growl his lips sought out hers again, his hands moving to her bottom where he supported her.





Robin whimpered as they kissed, her lips not enough, her legs wrapped around him not enough, not even her hands gripping his hair was enough. Jason moved towards the couch but stumbled, releasing her to land lightly on her feet, their lips still not parting. As he caught himself, his hands immediately went to her ass again, caressing and pulling her against his body, against his pelvis.





Robin groaned into the kiss, his hardness familiar against her soft yielding form. She reached down to stroke him through his pants. Jason paused, frozen in place before the repeated groans gushed from his lips. Aggressively he lifted her, his hands gripping her ass and he stumbled again towards the couch, dropping down onto it roughly. As soon as his body covered hers his pelvis began to grind into hers simulating the sex act that they hadn’t shared in so long that to him it felt like years and not months. He couldn’t stop humping against her and her wild movements beneath him was an indicator that she, too, was lost in the sensation.





Robin’s breath came out in deep shudders. Every time Jason’s hardness pushed against her pelvis, he also pushed into her clitoris which swelled filling her with an unbearable desire. She pushed back, rocking and rolling beneath him. The two of them kissed wildly, and humped and groaned and clutched until several sets of footsteps coming down the stairs halted them. Jason lifted his head and peeked at the stairs. Several men came down and then paused when they saw him lying on top of Robin. They poked and snickered and Jason quickly pulled himself up. Robin blinked at him in confusion, taking a long time to come to the realization that they were no longer alone.





Jason licked his lips and stood, sweeping back his hair as he reached for his cane. Robin sat up and adjusted her top, trying not to meet the eyes of the chuckling invaders. Jason held out his hand to her and she looked at him curiously before placing her hand in it.





“Did you drive?” He asked, still panting from their dry humping session—or mostly dry humping.





She nodded while standing.





“Let’s get out of here.”





Without hesitation Robin stumbled to retrieve her purse and jacket. She couldn’t believe that her legs were like water and she was falling over herself like a drunk! Jason moved quickly up the stairs. The erection in his pants was so evident that if he didn’t move quickly, everyone would see it!





Robin followed close behind him, something that he periodically checked, glancing over his shoulder. He wove through the crowd of dancing bodies and right past Belinda and Peter that were on the floor dancing as well. The two friends looked at him in surprise but he didn’t even glance in their direction as he led Robin out the door. Once outside he gripped her hand and waited for her to show him where to go. Her grip on his hand was tight as she led them up the street where she was parked curbside. Jason’s pronounced limp was in no way an inhibitor for how quickly he could walk, his painful erection was more of a hindrance, yet they reached the car very quickly.





Inside, Jason waited for her to get settled and to shut the door before he leaned toward her and resumed kissing her. Her hand clutched at his hair, pulling him roughly to her.





“Touch me,” he commanded between kisses. Robin pulled back enough to run her tongue along his lips which caused him to blink and shudder, and then he felt her fingers tracing the outline of his erect cock. “Take it out.” He said. This time she roughly tugged his pants open and reached inside. Jason lifted his hips from the seat to hike down his pants until she had his stiff cock in her grip.





Robin’s senses began to fracture and crumble as she became overwhelmed with need. Her hand moved up and down his shaft, not believing how humongous he was. He was so big that she couldn’t conceive of a time when all of him had gone into her!





Jason’s lips parted and he gasped and grunted as his head fell back onto the seat. He couldn’t see anything because of the stars that had flashed before his vision! Robin worked his cock quickly as he pumped his hips into her fist. It was like fucking; except that he was fucking her hand. Her lips were there on his again and he captured her mouth.





“Fuck…” he tried to say but it was nothing more than staccato grunts. His hand moved to cover hers, halting her pumping fist.





“Drive.”





It took her a moment to understand but then she stopped. Yes, he was right. The car was no place to finish what they had started. She released his beautiful cock and searched for her keys. Once the car was moving she glanced at him and the sight was enough to feed her own fantasies for years to come; Jason slouched in his seat with his long legs splayed, his cock full and throbbing, his hands lightly stroking himself. She wanted to mew like a little animal. She wanted to pounce on his cock and pull him into her mouth or leap on his lap and allow him to impale her roughly!





“Where?” She said in a voice that sounded as if it had been run across gravel.





“My house. In Hyde Park.”





Her brow went up but she headed for the Northside of town. She couldn’t stop peeking at him and the way that he stroked his cock lightly. And then his hand reached out and he gripped hers, pulling her hand to his shaft. Happily she wrapped her fingers around it. Happily she stroked him until he’d grunt and halt her hand movement. And after a few moments she would resume her silent ministrations of his erection while he quietly directed her toward his new home.





As Robin headed down an exclusive street with huge million dollar homes, she couldn’t help but to watch them with interest, all the while continuing her stroke on Jason’s cock.





“Turn there. That’s where I live.”





Robin released his cock long enough to turn down a circular drive-way. She looked out the window at the huge house. It was the house of a very successful individual.





Jason watched her take in his home. “This is where I live, Peter and I bought it together.”





Their contract must have been very lucrative. He leaned forward and kissed her. It was not something she could ever get tired of. He reached out again and replaced her hand on his shaft, but this time, since she wasn’t driving, she was able to lean towards him.





She parted her lips and forced her tongue into his mouth and Jason moved his hand to her jeans. He slipped his hands inside, they were too tight, his hands were too big and yet he managed to bring his finger tips against her slick clit. Robin cried out as if she had sprained her ankle, or fallen off the roof of a building. Her pussy was so wet that Jason’s hand was immediately coated with her silky lubricant.





He removed his hand and leaned back so that he could place his fingers into his mouth. Robin watched him with hooded eyes. She lightly stroked the head of his cock until her finger was wet with his precum and then quickly she sucked her fingers into her mouth.





Jason’s eyes got huge and then he cried out loudly and he came with no touch! His spurting cock shot round after round of semen against the shoulder of his shirt, his chest even his neck. Robin licked her lips as she watched him cum, his hand moved back to his thick shaft and he worked himself until there was nothing else but a creamy stream of semen rolling over his knuckles.





Panting, he examined his knuckles and then wiped his hands clean against his already ruined shirt. His penis was still hard in his grip and he leaned over and kissed Robin once again before opening his door to get out of the car and shoving his still aching cock back into his pants.





Robin’s eyes were glazed with desire as they headed hand in hand into the house. Jason punched in a code and the door just sprung open. That was new. But other than this, she didn’t notice any of her surroundings, other than a dim awareness of cool furnishing and artsy decorations. Jason led her towards a flight of stairs and then past it to an elevator. The doors closed smoothly and Robin leaned forward to kiss him again. His hand cupped her jaw but too soon they were pulling apart as the lift reached its destination. Taking her hand again, Jason led her down a large corridor. It wasn’t dark but she couldn’t see where the lights were coming from. They reached one set of several doors and Jason opened it and together they stepped into a large suite. Music was playing softly, it wasn’t Jason’s music she didn’t think. But similar, jazzy chill music.





Again, the room wasn’t dark but she couldn’t see where the lights were coming from. She didn’t have much time to register more than a nice entertainment center with seating for two or three and funky artwork on the walls filled with vibrant colors.





He led her to a partially opened door where a large bed was the focal point of the room. Backlight was coming from behind the headboard in soft blue. Robin needed her fire sated the way his had been and she put her hands around his waist and kissed his neck. He quickly removed his shirt and Robin traced the outline of muscles on his broad chest before lightly kissing his pale, freckled skin. She remembered that it was probably good that he had already cum—if his body was still ultra sensitive to touch and the way that he tensed and relaxed was an indication that it was.





Jason began to undo his pants, and then moved to a chair where he sat down so that he could unlace his shoes. Robin saw his new brace as his pants came off. And then the full leg brace came off as well and Jason reached for his cane as he stood, leaning heavily on it, not seeming to be in any pain as his legs bore all of his weight unaided. Robin took in every inch of his nude body. She had forgotten how beautiful he was, from his unruly red hair, his green eyes outlined by long lashes, and of course his broad muscled chest and arms with its tattoos and then down to his toned stomach with its trail of rust colored hair that lead to where his dick still tilted upward.





She remembered then that she hadn’t removed her clothes and as he watched her, she quickly swept off her blouse and shimmied out of her jeans. Her shoes and socks were next and then when she was standing in just her panties and bra she hesitated for the first time.





Jason closed the space between them and he pulled her against his body and kissed her gently, his dick against her belly, captured between them. Robin sighed and then swept off her panties and bra. Jason moved back to look at her and she could see by the way his eyes moved across every inch of her that he was putting her to memory.





Robin smiled and then Jason smiled. They made love over and over, pausing frantically to move from one position to the next. The sounds of their lovemaking filled the entire house and perhaps even beyond. Robin’s body quickly became re-adjusted to Jason and after making lover for five hours their exhausted bodies fell into coma like sleep.





Chapter 10





Many hours later Robin’s eyes opened slowly. She felt as if she had run a marathon; her body ached in places that she could only wonder about. Without moving she allowed her eyes to flit around and take in her surroundings. Jason’s soft snores beside her let her know that he still slept. Only then did she move. She looked at him sleeping on his back with his arms spread out and her head against his chest.





Fuck.





Robin carefully sat up so that she wouldn’t jar the bed and then she stood. Grimacing at the soreness embedded in various body parts for various reasons, Robin stealthily moved to her clothes. Her panties were still too damp to put on and with disgust she shoved them into her pocket after pulling on her jeans. As urgently as she had wanted to fuck last night was just as urgently as she wanted to disappear this morning.





She did not want to have the discussion that Jason would surely want to have; are they back together. She chastised herself for how easily she had succumbed. She would blame it on the alcohol and the pot—and the fact that she hadn’t had sex in months. And she would try not to think about how right it felt being with him again. She had worked too hard to get over this to just fall back into Jason’s arms!



Robin collected her things quickly and moved to the other room to dress, slipping on her shirt without putting on her bra. She took a moment to check the time. Fuck it was after twelve! Well there went classes for the day and she surely was not going to rush to make her last two classes smelling like hot sex. Disappointed that she had allowed herself to miss one of her last few days of school before summer break, Robin slipped on her shoes and hurried out of the suite of rooms and to the hall.





She could hear activity going on in the home coming from one of the closed doors in the corridor. Double fuck. She did not want to run into Belinda or Peter! Robin moved towards the stairs, bypassing the elevator and as she came closer to the closed door the voices inside became clear. Robin’s steps faltered.





No. Hell no…





She paused and listened to the clear laughing voice that was unmistakably Amberly’s. Robin felt hot and cold flashes coursing through her body. She rubbed her face forgetting that she was holding her bra and then with her mouth turned down in slow dawning anger, Robin opened the door.





Amberly’s head swung to the door, her mouth still opened in mid laugh. She was sitting in a bed with crumpled bedding wearing pajama bottoms and a t-shirt, her hair tousled. Belinda and Peter were at the bedside, he in his chair wearing just pajama bottoms and Belinda in sleep shorts and an oversized shirt. An Asian man lay on the floor as if feigning death or sleep and it was he that everyone was laughing at. But once the door opened all heads turned to her and at the sight of Robin, the room fell instantly quiet.





Robin’s eyes were locked onto the sight of the slight, dark haired girl whose smile was slowly falling away.





“Do you live here?” Robin asked simply.





“Robin-” Peter began.





“Shut up,” she said without taking her eyes from Amberly. “Well, do you?”





“Yes.”





“FUCK!” Robin screamed.





“Robin.” Amberly said while getting out of bed. “I just live here for convenience-” she limped forward to explain but as soon as she was close enough Robin slapped her.





“That’s what I think of your explanation!” She spat as Amberly’s head swung back. The smaller girl held her face in shock. Robin turned back to the corridor and Jason was quickly pulling on pants and hurrying toward her.





“Robin!” She stormed towards the stairs but stopped, swinging around to meet him.





“You lying sack of shit!” She yelled when he was in front of her.





“No no, Robin, you don’t understand-”





She punched him in the stomach hearing the satisfying thunk of her fist making contact and then watching him crumple forward as the air was forced from his body.





“Shit!” Belinda exclaimed running forward. Robin turned and hurried down the stairs and across the large expansive entry way towards the door. She yanked it but it was locked. What the fuck?! She tried again but it wouldn’t open and there were no visible locks…





A hand reached out and began pressing a code onto a pad next to the door and then there was the sound of a lock disengaging and she was able to pull the door open. She stormed out of the house and the figure that had unlocked the door followed close behind her. She glanced at him as she angrily crossed the patio. It was the Asian man that they had apparently been laughing at.





Why was he following her? He was watching her curiously as he walked alongside her.





“What do you want?” She bit out angrily.





“So you’re the infamous Robin.” He had a thickly accented voice but his English was smooth and cultured. “Somehow I thought you’d be bigger.”





She continued to march towards her car. “Who the hell are you?”





He stopped walking. “They call me Y. I’m Amberly’s husband.” He held out his hand for her to shake and Robin frowned at him, her footsteps slowing. “Yagano Kurahara.”





Her head began to pound. “What?”





He gestured back to the house good naturedly. “That was my wife that you slapped back there.” Y’s hand was still held out and Robin slowly shook it.





“Well…” Robin began. “You might not believe me but it was long overdue, Yakano.”





He raised his brow and shrugged. “There is some history there, I’m aware of that.” Y was very pleasant despite the strange circumstances and he wasn’t bad on the eyes. He appeared a bit older; perhaps in his mid thirties. He was just her height and so wasn’t very tall and was dressed in pajama bottoms showcasing a slender yet toned torso. He wore some very nice tattoos, one of which completely covering one forearm. His relatively short hair was unkempt and it was obvious that he had just risen for the day.





“Robin, why are you…so angry?”





“What?” She shook her head. Who was he to question her?! “Yakano-”





“Y if you prefer.”





“Y, your wife and my EX boyfriend acted in an inappropriately sexual manner with each other.” Amberly appeared in the doorway and was watching them. Robin grimaced at the sight of her. Well it wouldn’t be her fault if they broke up when he discovered that they were living under the same roof with the guy that Amberly was secretly in love with.





“Are you talking about when they made-out in the Jacuzzi at that party?”





Robin gave him a surprised look. “You know about that?”





He shrugged. “It was kind of a big deal when they got to Japan. Oh, I was their guide. I work for Akita Tom and I helped them to get acquainted with Japan…well as much as Jason would allow. He stayed in a funk during the entire trip. But I got to know Amberly…obviously.” He smiled. “And she got it off her chest. So, yes, I know all about that.”





“And you don’t have a problem with them living together?”





“Well…I live here too. But we’re only going to be here for a few more weeks and then we’re off to Japan again. Amberly just wanted to stay in the States long enough to make sure that Jason’s Baclofen pump was working right. I don’t know much about Baclofen, but she’s one of his support people in case something goes wrong with it.”





She gave him a grim look. “And you’re aware of the pact that they made?”





“The pact?” He shrugged casually. “They made that before I ever came along, and from what I understand before you had either.” He gave her a serious look. “Robin, I can assure you that Jason won’t need to fulfill the terms of that pact. It’s already been taken care of by me.”





“So you really don’t have a problem with Amberly being in love with Jason-?”





“Whoa!” He chuckled, holding up his hands. “That would be a problem. But Amberly is in love with me, not Jason.” Y glanced at the house and seemed to lock eyes with Amberly. After a moment she retreated back into the house. “She loves him.” Y met her eyes again. “She loves them all, but Jason has a special place in her heart. I think it’s their cerebral palsy. At least that’s my thought.”





Robin was shaking her head. “I feel sorry for you Y, if you think that’s all there is to it.” Robin backed to her car. Her calm demeanor cracked as her voice began to tremble with emotion. “You’ll go on thinking that you were being open and honest to allow their friendship to continue. And then the next thing you’ll know they’ll be off somewhere drunk and humping.” Tears appeared in Robin’s eyes. “Then you’ll wish that you had never trusted them. I just want to save you from feeling stupid.”





“Robin,” Y said gently, “you shouldn’t feel stupid. They feel stupid enough.” He stepped forward. “Robin, Amberly looks at Jason’s misery and has taken it on single handedly. She has taken every bit of responsibility for your breakup. I’ve grown to care for Jason and I know how he feels for you. He locks himself away all night sometimes, and all that can be heard is your voice singing the same songs over and over. He beats himself up pretty bad thinking that you hate him. Not to be inappropriate, but the sounds you two made last night is all anyone needs to hear to know that you two still have feelings for each other.”



Robin glanced away. “Good luck, Y. I mean that.”





“Breathe.” He said.





Her heart crashed. “What?!”





“Your tattoo, it says breathe. Do you understand the full meaning of those symbols?” Y had moved close enough to lean against her car and he crossed his arms in front of him. He was staring at the house as he spoke in a gentle voice. “It represents Ki, which is a fundamental concept of traditional Asian culture. Ki is a part of everything that exists. It is life force or spiritual energy. The symbols literally mean inhale, exhale, but together it means breathe.”





Y suddenly straightened. “I better go check on things. Sorry to have kept you, and I’m happy I did get a chance to meet you. It’s funny that you have that tattoo because you are like the Ki of that house. Yours is the energy that is like a strange invisible presence. You’re the mistake that Amberly can’t get over, and the friend that Belinda and Peter didn’t help…and of course the love that Jason lost. Wow, I thought you’d be bigger.” He shrugged. “If you don’t love Jason anymore then I’m sure you’ll get in your car and disappear again.”





Robin frowned at his words.





“But if you love him just a little bit, then consider forgiving him.” Y walked back to the house, leaving it open in case she wanted to follow.





Robin wanted to drive away, but she couldn’t. Y’s words cut through much of her hostility. As she stood there building up her resolve to either go inside or drive away Jason came outside. His limp was very pronounced. He obviously hadn’t put on his braces but he managed well enough.





He wasn’t wearing a shirt and she didn’t understand how she could have ever missed the hockey puck sized object beneath the skin on the side of his belly. It protruded outward just a bit and she thought that she could have traced it with her finger tips. And she had punched him there. Could she have damaged the pump?





“Did I hurt the pump?”





With a frown he looked down at his body. “No. You couldn’t damage it by punching me in the stomach.”





She looked away uncomfortably. She’d slapped a girl with cerebral palsy and punched a boy in the stomach that had a potentially deadly device surgically implanted into his body. She was a real piece of work…





“Do you think that we can talk?”





She felt nervous sweat beads begin to form on her brow. “It’s…hard for me to do that.”





“I don’t want it to be. How about I talk and you listen?” After a moment she nodded. “Can we go back inside?” She stiffened and Jason held up his hands. “We don’t have to.”





She looked at him. “You should have told me about Amberly living here. A heads up would have been nice.”





“Can I be honest with you?”





“It would be nice.”





“You would have left if I had told you last night.”





She nodded. “Yeah, you might have missed out on the sex if you had bothered to mention it before,” came her bitter response.





His brow gathered. “Sex got us to spend the entire night together. Words didn’t. You snuck out before I got a chance to tell you anything, Robin. I’ve been trying to tell you something, something important. I apologized last night for pushing you away, but I didn’t understand until today why you never came back. Not coming back wasn’t a sign that you didn’t love me, I get that now. It was your way of making sure that no one ever got close enough to you to hurt you again.”





She shook her head and shrugged. “No one likes to lose someone, Jason. No one likes to be hurt by someone else’s bad choices.”





“That’s not what I mean. I mean that your ulcer, your panic attacks, the loss of your father and how you reacted when Miss Lucille passed away, is all connected to why you closed yourself off. You live with too much pain, you can barely cope with that. And it’s my thought that you just decided to cash in your chips and bale out on it all together. I think that your drug use, your drinking, the way you now seem to be a Belinda clone, are all ways for you to hide-”





Robin pulled open the car door and climbed inside. She slammed it shut angrily and then she opened it and climbed out again, this time glaring at him. “For your information, Mr. Amateur psychiatrist, I have panic attacks because I get nervous and that happened well before my Daddy ever died! And for your information I wasn’t afraid to love! I was happy to jump into love and friendship and I embraced it whole heartedly! When Miss Lucille died it dredged up bad feelings about my Dad. But the reason I didn’t come back is because I…”





“Because…why, baby? You didn’t fall out of love with me. You still love me, I have no doubt about that; just like I still love you. You put up armor so that you can’t feel-”





This time when Robin got into her car she drove away without hesitation. She sped down the street but she couldn’t completely get away from Jason’s words.





***





Robin wasn’t due to see her therapist until Monday, but she couldn’t completely get rid of the ideas that Jason had left in her head. Maybe she should talk about Jason…maybe she had actually done herself a disservice by talking to a therapist for months on end but never opening up to him.





The first thing that she did when she got home was to run a hot bath. She didn’t turn on the radio or listen to any music. She just sank into the hot water and allowed her mind to step forward. For the first time in a long time, she actually allowed herself to think.





Was she afraid to feel? She sat forward in the tub and clutched her bent knees. She hadn’t had a panic attack in a long time. But she never let anything close enough to affect her. Not even singing in front of a crowded room bothered her because she just turned off her mind.





So what? So what if she chose to lock away the pain? The water was becoming tepid when she asked herself the next question.





What if…what if she let out everything that she had locked away? And so the first thing she chose to examine was what did she feel for Jason? Her body tingled and felt awash in hot and cold. The experience was so fast that her heart began to race in excitement.





“I love…” She frowned. “Jason.”





Do you want to be with him?





“Yes.”





Do you trust him?





“I always have.”





Why did you tell him that you didn’t?





…





Robin sighed and got out of the water. She couldn’t do this alone. After dressing she called her therapist.





“I know you said that it was okay to call you-”





“Yes, of course it is. Is there something wrong?”





She began to pace. “Yes. I wasn’t completely honest with you.”





“Okay.”





“I never told you about…well-” she couldn’t say it. What the hell? “I don’t know why I never mentioned…”





“Robin?”





“I think…that I’m very fucked up.”





“Do you want to change your appointment from Monday to today?”





She nodded and swallowed back her tears. “Yes.”





“Can you be here by four pm?”





Her voice cracked and she swallowed back the tears that were falling fast now. “Yes.”





“Will you be okay until you get here?”





She nodded quickly. “Yes.”





Her therapist paused. “Thank you for calling me. I’ve been waiting for you to open up to me.”





He knew all along. She nodded and said something in the way of goodbye before hanging up. She couldn’t make the tears stop but somehow she felt better. She had asked and these tears were what she had locked away.





Dredging up old emotions is never easy or neat. The first thing Robin had to do was to stop apologizing to her therapist for withholding so much vital information about what was bothering her. He assured her that it was common. No one came in to therapy able to lay all of their cards on the table, even if they thought they were, there was always some things hidden beneath the surface.





“Tell me about Jason,” he requested.





She began by being very analytical and non-emotional. But soon she relived the joys and the pains of her relationship. One hour ended and then the next began. Robin chuckled.





“You never let me go over an hour before.”





“You never had anything that you needed to say before.”





In telling the story of Jason she also told the story of her friends. “Do you think that you were a good friend or a bad friend?”





Robin frowned. “Um, I thought I was a good friend.”





“Even now?”





“I think that they weren’t good friends?”





“Why?”





“Because…they didn’t stand by me when I needed them, and I was always there for them, especially Belinda.”





“Did you set boundaries?”





“Well I tried to but I can’t enforce rules towards other people! She wasn’t going to listen to me when she didn’t want to hear me!”





“No, I meant for yourself?”





Robin stared at him but he wasn’t looking at her, he was looking down at what he’d written. She knew that he was doing that on purpose. He was trying not to stress her with his gaze.





“I don’t…No. I didn’t.”





“Okay. Do you want to continue to be friends with them?”





“I don’t know…”





“Yes you do.” He closed the page on his notebook and looked at her. “Remember what I told you during our first appointment. Never say I don’t know. I may not know you, your best friend may not know you. But YOU know you. Do you want to be friends with them?”





It literally took her a full minute to answer. “Yes. They hurt me, and I don’t know if I forgive them. But…I miss them.”





“You do?”





Robin smiled. The tissues that she had clutched in her hand were sopping wet, but she did smile. “I missed having friends who need you, but who you can turn to when you need them.”





“Do you think that they can be that for you?”





“Well…I don’t know what they can be, but I do know what I can be.”





He stood up and took her hand. “See you Monday?”





She gave him a surprised look. “I’d like that.”





“I want you to think about something over the weekend.” He didn’t continue and she grinned.





“Okay. What?”





“Yourself.” She felt the tears wanting to return. “It is okay to cry, you know. Tears cleanse the soul.”





“Yeah, but it makes you weak.”





He frowned. “Who ever told you that?”





“My…” Robin frowned.





“Robin?” She looked at him.





“My father…”





She remembered that now. He used to say, ‘Robin, be tough, be strong and don’t let them see you weak. You dry those tears little girl and you let those bullies know that they can’t hurt you. You will learn that multiplication table and no one will call my babygirl, stupid again.’ But she never did learn it; at least not in that grade or the next. And the panic would set in that she was stupid. Her Daddy would be so disappointed if he understood that she wasn’t strong and that she wasn’t smart like him and mama.





She just didn’t want to disappoint her Daddy because he was the most proud of her as anyone in the world.





Her therapist led her to the door. “I see that you came to some type of conclusion. Think about it this weekend and we’ll discuss it Monday.”





“Okay.” She said, not sure how she felt about that particular memory. Her daddy would have never thought less of her just because she had a harder time absorbing new things. Her parents loved her. Robin got into her car. Her stomach was empty, she felt empty but ready to fill herself up with something healthy.





Mr. Sushi. She hadn’t had Mr. Sushi in…a long time. Robin ordered two rolls. She knew why even if she wasn’t ready to say it to herself. Then she drove an unfamiliar route to the North side of town. Hyde Park was an area that was affluent not just comfortable and she never had much of a reason to travel these roads but she easily remembered the path that led to Jason’s house.





It was dusk when she pulled into the circular drive. A Range Rover was parked there as was a nice Mercedes Benz. Well, if she sat there thinking about why she was there she would never go inside so after checking her horrible appearance in the rearview mirror she grabbed the food and hurried to the door.





She rang the bell feeling as afraid as she had ever felt in her life. But it was her right to feel fear…just to feel anything and she claimed it and examined it and owned it.





The door opened and it could have been anyone else, but the one person that she did not want to see. So of course Amberly was the one to open the door.





The slight girl watched Robin warily, before opening the door wide and allowing her inside. After shutting the door the two women looked at each other.





“Hi Robin.” Amberly said softly.





Robin’s eyes scanned her face for signs of the slap that she had received. Her cheek was a little red but she wore makeup and her hair was styled nicely and she was dressed as if she was ready to go out on the town and so Robin didn’t think that anyone would know that she had just been slapped earlier that day.





Robin moved the bag from one hand to the next. “I know that I should…apologize for slapping you earlier-”





Amberly looked down, her posture relaxing some. “It’s okay—”





“…but I’m not going to. You really deserved that.”





Amberly nipped her lower lip but then nodded. “I know.”





“Y seems very nice. You’re lucky to have him.”





“Yes. I love him very much.”





“Well…imagine him in a hot tub with someone that you thought you could trust, and him kissing and touching that person-”





Amberly nodded quickly, appearing very uncomfortable. “I know, Robin. I know! I’m sorry. I meant it when I said it before. I’m sorry. I never had anything against you, but…I just thought that I was better for Jason. And no! I wasn’t laying in wait for him. I didn’t orchestrate that night, I wasn’t trying to break you two up. I was drunk…and I just did something that I’ve regretted every since.”





Belinda came to the top of the stairs, staring at the door curiously to see who had rang. And when she saw Robin her face lit up in honest joy. She ran down the stairs at the two women. Robin smiled at her, and it was an honest smile. Her heart felt filled with pleasure at the sight of her running form.





Robin spread her arms with a giddy smile. “Come here baby!” She laughed suggestively. And then they were hugging tightly.





“Sorry sorry sorry...” Belinda cried not letting her go.





Robin pulled back enough to give her a long look. “Can we…do you mind if we do all of the sorrys later? Because I bought Mr. Sushi and I haven’t eaten since yesterday. Sorta starving here.”





Belinda shook her head while she chuckled. “I should get Jason-”





“This is about you and me right now.”





Belinda hooked her arm and led her to the kitchen. Robin paused stopping them from their progression and looked over her shoulder at Amberly.





“Do you like sushi?”





“Once you go Japanese it’s hard to call the stuff here sushi, but yes.”





Robin gestured for her to follow with a tilt of her head. Amberly did.





In the kitchen the girls ate sushi, drank tea, talked about what it was like being engaged/married and Robin looked at Amberly.





“When are you going back to Japan?”





“Mmmm…” She twisted her lips but then smiled. “More sooner than later.”





“Well…” Robin slipped the last piece of sushi into her mouth. “When you return to the states, can you find another place to live?”





Amberly smiled softly. “Definitely.” She stood. “Well, we’re going out clubbing. Y loves the music here in the states. I’d ask you all to join us, but somehow I think that you’re going to be very busy tonight.” Robin watched Amberly leave the room. Yeah, she wasn’t a virgin anymore. She moved like a woman now.





“Well, would you like me to show you around the house?”





“No. I want Jason to do that. Where is he?”





“In his room, probably sulking.”





Robin stood up. “I guess I should put an end to that.”





“If you feel so inclined.” Belinda got rid of the sushi containers and then looked at Robin. “So when do we do the apology thing?”





Robin thought hard about her…friend’s words. “The next time that you or I do something that needs an apology.”





“Are you suggesting…that we leave the past in the past?”





Robin shrugged. “I think there is some old saying about the past being some type of learning experience.”





“I’ve heard something like that, it was in an X-Men movie.”





Belinda moved towards Robin and hugged her. “I missed you.” She whispered. “If I hug too much-” Robin clung to her.





“I missed this.” After a long while Robin turned and went up the stairs. She heard music as soon as she reached the second floor corridor. It was her singing. Robin paused in the hallway, tilting her head. It was the Christmas recording that Robin had made for Jason. She had never heard the finished product until now and marveled at how clear and strong her voice sounded. Robin had never heard her voice in such a way. Through her own ears she had tried to create some sense of perfection. But through the recording she saw that she had achieved it.





Robin began to sing along with the familiar Phoebe Snow song, allowing her voice to join with the recorded version of her song to Jason; two Robin’s singing the same song, one version sweet and gentle, the other now stronger and more confidant.





The door swung open and Jason was standing there with big eyes and panting as if he had sprinted across the universe. His eyes locked onto hers. And then he grabbed her and pulled her into his arms.





“Robin!” He lifted her and held onto her with a steel-like grip.





Robin shuddered as she held on to him. “I missed you so much. Oh my god, Jason, I missed you…”





The End





EPILOGUE





JASON





I kept sneaking looks at Robin. She was lying on my bed wearing tight shorts and her butt was just too round and perfect to ignore. She wasn’t paying any attention to me, though. Even though school was out she still had her text book opened and was studying.





Today had been her last day of classes and she’d come right over to hang with me. That was great, but she’d also brought her text book. And after giving me a quick peck, she headed up to my bedroom and asked me what I was doing.





“Digging for breaks,” I said while following her.





“Well, go ahead and finish. I want to take some notes on something.” She flopped down on my bed and pulled a highlighter and ink pen from her bag and then she proceeded to zone out.





I just stood there for a second, leaning on my cane. My dick was already twitching in anticipation. But instead of attacking her and making her think that I was a sex starved perv, I went back to the other room that contained my computer and continued listening to old rap music for the right beats to inspire a new song.





I did have a very nice (and pretty expensive) studio down in the basement, but I still did some things on a small scale right here in my bedroom; the term bedroom being used loosely. My suite of rooms included a front room that had a large sitting area in front of a 50 inch flat panel television. I also had my trusty FL studio along with my computer and a high-end entertainment center. Then there was a separate room that included my bed, another television and I kept a laptop there for convenience. My master bath was Robin’s favorite area. She’s taken several baths in my Jacuzzi tub in the few days that we’d been back together.





Back together. Saturday she’d come back to me. I thought…I don’t know. I guess I thought that we would be the same Robin and the same Jason as we were back six months ago.





I lowered my head and continued to listen to beats but kept glancing into the bedroom where I saw her lying on her stomach with her feet crossed in the air and in deep concentration. I smiled at her proudly despite my horniness. Robin was in school and there was a time when her crippling shyness and fear of failure would have made that an almost impossibility. Yeah, there would be time for us to have sex later. I guess I had grown some, too.





ROBIN





My brow was covered in sweat. It was a hot day, but Jason’s house was comfortable and cool. That wasn’t the reason for the sweat beads that had propped up on my forehead. I’d gotten the results back from my biology exam and I’d only pulled a C.





I just don’t understand. I’d studied so hard. I was trying to remember the questions and where to find the answers. Next time I’d do better. But…what if I couldn’t? What if I never became a physical therapist because I couldn’t keep simple facts straight?! I pulled in a slow breath. I knew I wasn’t stupid, things were just harder for me.





I needed a joint.





Problem is that Jason doesn’t approve of my pot smoking. He hasn’t said anything but I can tell by the way he acted when I came over yesterday smelling like weed and he said, ‘Have you been smoking pot?’, and I said, ‘Yeah, why?’, and he didn’t say anything else. Yeah, he doesn’t approve. The girls and I had a jam session and we always smoke weed, it was just our thing.





But maybe smoking so much pot is stupid when it detracts from my ability to concentrate. And if I want to work with physically disabled children—well I just don’t need to be high. I’d have to revisit the notion of a jam session without marijuana.





I’m in a band called Orange Crush. It’s just three girls; me, Becca and Tracy. We’re not like…a perfectionist group. We just get together and have fun, make enough cash to buy weed and party a little. But we are good enough that we have a decent sized following. They thought it was cool that I had a boyfriend who had actually recorded an album. I thought it was cool that they didn’t pressure me into trying to hook them up with his agent or some kind of promise to get them recorded. They took it all very casually and that’s one of the things that I like about them. I mean, they could have given me a rough way to go about reuniting with a boy that I’d never even told them about—especially one that was pretty much on his way to becoming famous. But we didn’t have that type of friendship. Sometimes that’s a good thing.





I sighed and closed the book. I would just have to double my efforts next semester. This was just my first year and maybe my expectations were too high. After all I’d only enrolled during the 2nd half of the school year. And because of that I had to spend a lot of time playing catch up, not to mention the fact that I partied a lot before joining the band. Now I knew how to manage my time between fun and school. Yeah, I still needed to ease up on the partying, though. I wasn’t going to allow that to cause me to flunk out.





I sighed in relief and headed into the main room where Jason was absorbed in listening to some dub step. It had a heavy drum beat. I’d learned a lot about music from him. He’s a DJ—or used to be one before he and his partner Link got a music contract.





I watched him for a moment. Mmm. Jason is so incredibly fine, especially when he is concentrating on his music and his brow is furrowed and his crazy red hair is flowing over his shoulders. He has a million freckles all over—even on his fingers, even on his dick.





He was sitting in a leather bound office chair at his FL studio. Even sitting, it was pretty obvious that his body is tall and chiseled. Jason is built like a football player. He has a very cut upper body from the many years of having to drag himself in and out of his wheelchair. Oh yeah, Jason, my boyfriend has cerebral palsy.





Cerebral palsy is a condition which causes physical disability and is often times accompanied by epilepsy. This is what nearly everyone knows about CP; you move differently, you talk differently if you can move or talk at all. But what I learned once starting biology is that cerebral palsy is caused by damage to the motor control centers of a developing brain.





And there is no cure.





There are treatments, like Baclofen, which helps with the spastic movement of muscles. Jason has spastic cerebral palsy and Baclofen has helped him to regain his ability to walk.





I put my hands around his shoulders, relishing the feel of his hard muscles. He looked over at me and smiled. “Finished studying?”





“Yeah.” My hand ran over his hard pecs and I purposely tweaked his nipple. His breath hissed out in a quick rush and his green eyes darkened. His hand quickly came up to clasp mine and he pulled me until I was sitting on his lap. I grinned and wiggled my bottom against his lap. I could feel him stiffening and his hands glide around my hips. I knew what I was doing to him. His nipples were super sensitive. It seemed that they were somehow directly linked to his dick!





And what a wondrous dick Jason has; a porn star dick! And I should know. I’ve seen several dicks over the last few months. I’m not proud of it. I’m ashamed, actually. Jason and I were broken up at the time and I kind of went a little wild. I made out with a lot of guys, but I only had sex with one. But even that one guy was one too many. To make matters worse I tried to hurt Jason by telling him about what I’d done. I know, that really sucked and I am ashamed.





I felt Jason’s lips gliding behind my ear, kissing my tattoo, and I instantly came to life down low. Jason knows exactly what to do to turn me on. I haven’t been able to respond to another man in a long time and I thought that it would be the same with him. Or maybe I just hoped that it would. I wanted to hate him, but from the moment he showed up at the club where I was performing, I knew that he was rooted in some special part of my soul.



His hand moved up to cup my breast and I heard a moan rumble in his throat. “Robin…” His hands glided over my thigh. “Stand up, babe.”





I did thinking that I was hurting his legs. He wore braces now and they were painful to him. He watched me with hooded eyes as he reclined in his office chair looking just like a king sitting on his throne. “Take off your shorts for me.”





I grinned suddenly. “Oh you want to play nasty. Put on some nasty music.”





He grinned too and quickly tapped up something on the studio. I’m almost positive that he had instantly created his own nasty little beat, and in less than 10 seconds! It sounded like a Lil Wayne song I’d heard at some club, but not quite. He then leaned back in his chair and he watched me with a gleam in his eyes.





I unzipped my tight shorts until my hot pink Hello Kitty thong was exposed. Then I turned my back to him and began gyrating my hips. I’d learned how to twerk at the clubs. You didn’t have to have a big ass to do it nicely, but I have to admit that I’m pretty well gifted in the booty are, even if my tits are on the small side.





I let my ass bounce while I watched him from over my shoulder; just a few little practice bounces. Then I dropped it until my ass was only inches from the floor and I twerked hard, bouncing and twisting my hips and working it like it was Ladies Night at CLUB OZONE! Then I turned around and danced real sexy in front of him.





Jason was tugging on his pants, I knew his erection was poking the wrong way and he was trying to get it to point upward. That meant that he’d gotten hard pretty fast. Knowing that I could do that tom him made me smile inwardly. I was happy to know that I could affect him in just the same way that he affected me. I continued moving until I had practically danced my way onto his lap. I stopped just short of that to ease my shorts off and then I rolled my hips again. His hands moved up my thighs, tracing their shape while I gyrated before him. I climbed into the chair and straddled him and I twerked right there on his lap.





He gasped and then his fingers tightly gripped my ass, his fingers buried into my cheeks. And then he pulled me down on his crotch. He pushed up suddenly and began rubbing his crotch against me and even though his jeans and zipper was kind of rough I liked the feel of him.



“Oh…god, Jason.” I groaned as I quickly undid his pants and released his cock. It was so fat that I almost passed out from lust overload. I threw my arms around his neck and we grinded our hips together. I collapsed forward and pressed my mouth to his neck. I nipped him roughly, pulling his tender skin between my teeth and then I began kissing and lapping at his neck, pulling him into my mouth and sucking him until I was surely bruising him.





He reached between us and quickly guided his cock towards me and I had to pull back and rise up on my knees and even lean back, bracing one hand against his knees just so that he could line himself up with my entrance. I could not stop staring mesmerized at his beautiful cock.





When the head of him pushed into me, I blinked my eyes and cried out. My head was thrown back and one hand reached out to grip his big shoulder while the other continued to brace myself against his leg. I pushed forward until he slid halfway in and then I chewed my bottom lip and moaned like I was in a porno.





He was holding my hips, waiting for me to adjust. I looked at him then, his eyes were just slits. I knew that he was practicing nearly impossible restraint by not moving. CP makes it hard for him to stay still even when he’s not overly stimulated by sex.





“God baby…so fucking tight. Ready?” He moaned.





I nodded quickly and then rolled my pelvis forward until he slid inside of me completely. It hurt some, I needed to get used to him again. We’ve used lube before but most times I’m more than wet enough. I slowly rocked my hips back and forth. My lips parted as the sensation built. Jason was digging his fingers into my hips so hard that I’m sure I’d be bruised but right then it felt good.





He groaned loudly and began to push into me. “Oh Robin!” He gasped. My body was beginning to loosen nicely to receive him and the pain had disappeared but he was so big that he stretched me as much as I thought I could possibly stretch. And then he held me in place while he rocked his hips upward rhythmically, stopped every once in a while to rub his groin against mine. My clit swelled and pushed back against him!





“Oh fuck YES!” I called out. “Jason, don’t stop!” He kept rubbing against my clit and I started trembling and panting. I could no longer let him do all the work and I began moving up and down his shaft, quickening my pace until the friction ignited a flame in my core. I started shaking even harder.

“You’re going to make me cum!” I yelled. “JASON!”





I saw his mouth fly open and he threw his head back. “Oh god…” he cried out. “Robin, I’m cumming!” His hips pumped quickly, bottoming me out with each hard thrust. I whimpered as my muscles spasmed along his shaft. And then his hot cum was flooding me. I clutched him as I rode out my orgasm with loud cries and dazed eyes.





I couldn’t move for damn near three minutes after as I panted and held onto him. His cock finally slipped out of me and his semen drained all over his lap, and I still couldn’t get up. That’s what it’s like to be with Jason. He is so good at fucking. It’s no wonder that no other man can do it for me.





JASON





I don’t know where Robin got those moves. I know I think about shit that I shouldn’t but when she is bouncing her hips like she’s in a rap video, I can’t help but to wonder what Mutha Fucker taught her those things! How many men has she danced for like this, fucked like this?





Then I want to kill someone at the same time that I want to grab her and hold on to her so that she never ever even thinks about going off with some other guy again. Belinda told me that I was tripping. I talked to her a couple days ago because I knew that she and I had something in common.





The people we loved had each slept with other people when we’d broken up.





I’m not blaming Robin. I realize that I pushed her away and I would never blame her for whatever happened when we were apart. But I need to know. I need to know how many guys she’s been with.

Belinda and I were in the kitchen. Peter had gone to Sunday dinner at his parent’s and Amberly and Y were out at some club. I hated to bring it up because I would never say or do anything to bring up bad memories for Belinda. She has been through some shit and I’m so proud of both her and Link for working past all of it.





“Um, can I…” I shook my head. “Never mind.” I headed out of the kitchen.





She was sitting at the breakfast bar eating a bowl of cereal and leafing through a fashion magazine. It was almost ten at night and she was eating cereal. “Come here, Top.” She said.





I did, sitting down next to her on one of the stools.





“What’sup?”





“Argh.”





“Eh?”





I blushed. “Do you ever…wonder about those girls that Peter slept with when you two were apart?” I was so ashamed of asking her that but I needed to talk to someone about it. I stared at my hands on the counter.





“Yeah.” She said simply. I looked at her. She was giving me a hard stare. “But I don’t ask. I don’t bring it up. It’s the past and it doesn’t matter.”





“Yeah.” I agreed while nodding my head rapidly. “But…”





“Jason. No buts. Don’t bring it up to her. You need to let it die. Besides, she said a lot of shit to hurt and it might not have ever happened.”





I licked my lips.





“She’s…a lot different, especially in bed.”





She rolled her head until her neck popped and then she grimaced though I’m sure it was more due to the topic of conversation than the neck popping. She gave me a steady look. “Stop tripping. She’s with you now. You start poking and you’re just going to piss her off.” I digested her words. “Top, You and Robin have a second chance. Answer me honestly, would you break up with her because of something that happened when you two weren’t even together?”





“No! Absolutely not. I’m never letting her go again!” Ever!





She nodded her approval. “Let it go, Top.”





Right. I should let it go. I love Robin. But I haven’t been with anyone else, just her, and that was something very special between us.





~***~





“You gonna come to the show Thursday?” Robin asked me. We were in the tub taking a bath. We’d both gotten pretty dirty and even at 6’3” and two hundred twenty-five pounds the tub was big enough for the both of us.





“We only have one more show before I head off to Atlanta to visit my mother.” I stiffened involuntarily but wasn’t about to complain about her leaving. It’s just that we’d just gotten back together and I couldn’t stand for her to be away for two weeks.





“Yeah, I’m going to be there.” I put my arms around her body and pulled her even closer to me. She was sitting between my legs and the hot water was bubbling and swirling around us. I placed my lips against her ear and kissed her. “I’ll never miss one of your performances, not if I can help it.”





She wrapped her arms around mine. “Tell the whole gang to come. It’s been a while since we’ve hung out as a group. I want you to tell Amberly and Yagano to come, too.”





I gave her a surprised look and she just smiled slightly. I smiled too. “Okay. I’ll let them know.” Maybe the past should just stay in the past. It would be so great if we could all get along together like it used to be.





ROBIN





I didn’t spend the night, even though Jason kept asking me to.





“You’re leaving Saturday and I want to spend as much time as possible inside of you,” he murmured against my ear, his lips brushing my tattoo as his body spooned behind me.





I shivered. “You can come with me, you know.” He pulled back and gave me a surprised look.





“Really?”





I nodded. “Yeah, my mom likes you.” I told her that Jason and I were back together and she whooped and that alone told me that she was honestly happy.





“I didn’t want to ask since it was you and your Mom, but fuck yeah I want to go!”





“Atlanta in the summer ain’t no joke, I hear.”





“I don’t care,” he pulled me close.





“But we can’t have sex in my mom’s house. We probably can’t even sleep in the same room.”





Jason pulled back slowly, now he was frowning. “Can’t we stay at a hotel?”





“No, silly! I want to spend as much time with my Mom as I can. And, no. You can’t stay at a hotel without me. I want you as close to me as possible.” He grinned.





“Well can you call her and ask her if we can room together?”





I jabbed him in the arm. “No! That would be disrespectful and my Mom is a Christian. She is not going to go for that!”





“Okay okay, I’m just kidding. I look forward to seeing your Mom, actually.” He replaced his arms around my body and pulled me close again. “Besides, you’re a screamer.”





“Me?!” I craned my neck to look at him. “I seem to recall you whimpering like a school girl all night long-”





“School girl! I got your school girl!” He smacked my ass. “Oh, and by the way, that dance you did for me yesterday? Well you’re banned from doing it-”





“Banned?!”





“-for anybody but me.” I grinned and hugged his arms around my body.



“You got a deal.”





We had sex a few more times, but I honestly did have lots to do. I hadn’t even packed, or did my laundry. I still had to inform my landlord that I’d be away and I had to clean the apartment so that it wouldn’t smell like rotten eggs when I returned. So around two a.m. I finally dragged myself out of his bed and slipped on my shorts. My thongs were stretched and still damp from…well, you know. So I just tossed them in his laundry. I didn’t feel like putting on my bra but Jason insisted or he told me he wouldn’t let me leave. I just chuckled at his over protectiveness but I did put it on. When we went downstairs I saw Amberly and Yagano were in the living room sprawled out on the lounger together. They had evidently just come in. They went out all of the time—thank god.





“Hi, you two.” Y said. Amberly smiled slightly and raised her hand. Amberly and I…we weren’t quite enemies but we definitely weren’t friends. But I did like her husband Yakano or just plain Y. He was very cool and laid back. Plus he had helped me with my decision to get back together with Jason. Well…maybe I would have done that without him, but without even knowing me, he took the time to talk to me even though I had just slapped his wife dead in her face.





I still hadn’t managed to muster up any regret over that. She’d tried to steal my boyfriend, which really wasn’t the worst thing. The worst thing is that she did it under the guise of being my friend. No, I would never think of Amberly as a friend but I also didn’t want to waste my energy hating her or anyone else, for that matter. So with that in mind I took a deep breath and plunged ahead.





“My band is playing for the last time before summer break. You guys should come out and watch. It’s this Thursday.”





Amberly’s brow went up. “Yeah?”





“Yeah. I’m going to ask Peter and Belinda, too. It’ll be like…a party.”





“Sounds like fun.” Y said.





“Yeah.” Amberly smiled broadly. “We’ll be there.”





“Cool.” I turned and gave Jason a lingering kiss. I have no idea if Amberly really is over Jason now that she’s married to Y. I know she loves her husband. But that didn’t mean that you still didn’t have some feelings for your first love.





I hid a smirk. But he is mine.



~***~





About the Author


~***~

Pepper Pace writes romance stories with steamy eroticism, humor and warmth. She enjoys writing, as well as reading about unlikely romances and interracial relationships. Her characters are painfully real and just like in reality, sometimes their stories make you cry, sometimes they make you laugh and when Pepper turns up the passion it becomes very steamy!





She has described her stories as ‘out of the box’ because she is intrigued by the unusual. Stories about perfect people offers very little excitement for Pepper, which is why she has woven a world rich with anti-heroes, the insecure, the angry and always redemption.





Pepper lives in Cincinnati Ohio with her teenage son and daughter…as do most of her characters.





Visit Pepper’s blog at http://pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com/





Awards

~***~

Pepper Pace is a popular author on Literotica.com. She is the winner of the 11th Annual Literotica Awards in 2009 for Best Reluctance and best Novels/Novella, as well the August 2009 People's Choice Award. In the 12th Annual Literotica Awards, Pepper Pace won number one writer in the category of Novels/Novella as well as best Interracial story for 2010.





