cover





Title


Juicy



By



Pepper pace





Copyright





© 2011 by Pepper Pace. All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of Pepper Pace.





Acknowledgment





This began as a short story and was turned into a novel due to the comments and accolades of the many people on my blog and at Literotica.com. Thank you all for your encouragement, your feedback, and most of all for asking me to continue the story of these wonderful characters.





Dedication





When I was a little girl, I had my very first fan. I called her Mama and she has never let me forget that my talents needed to be shared with the world. Thank you, Shirley Roberts for being the Mama that I needed.





Contents


cover



Title



Copyright



Acknowledgment



Dedication



About the Author





Awards





Chapter 1





Juicy was in a rage. She couldn't remember ever being so mad...well, actually, she could. Her rages were a frequent occurrence. But not like this. This time they had messed with the wrong sista!



The damned homeless guy had jinxed her! She was convinced that if not for his comments everything would have turned out differently. Maybe it was superstitious, but she knew that people crossed their fingers, and said their prayers and made the sign of the evil eye in order to avoid bad mojo. Well for Juicy it was conflict that had to be avoided. Conflict would take over; sink its claws in deep then leave its permeance, its taint in place of all her good intentions.





She had cut through the alley to get to the bank so that she could take care of her business before her next bus was due. If she missed this bus there would not be another for two hours. She had meant to get here earlier but had messed around too long in the mirror trying to look both business-professional and sexy.



It had taken Juicy many years to accept herself; to be able to find beauty in what others had made into the brunt of their jokes. ‘Juicy, you so black…Juicy, your hair so short…’ Now, at thirty-one, she didn't let other people's ignorance define her.



That's why the comments of the dirty homeless bum had really pissed her off. She had struggled all of her life, had been poor, bullied--and no one saw her sitting in an alley looking like she was coming off a crack high!



She had been hurrying so fast that the strap on her high heeled sandal had slipped. She had stopped long enough to adjust it before she heard the low voice. Juicy remembered then that this was an alley in an economically depressed area of the inner city. She did need to be careful of her surroundings. She looked around and caught sight of a man sitting in the boarded up doorway of one of the abandoned buildings. His chin was resting listlessly on his chest as if he had been trying to sleep.



She didn't know what he had said previously but he was staring at her hard. She followed him warily with her eyes as she resumed walking, quickening her step.



"What are you looking at?!" She finally bit out annoyed when he made no attempt to disguise his open interest.



"I think..." and then it did seem as if he was deep in thought, "...a whore."



Juicy had been so taken back that she had stopped in her tracks. She'd never been called a whore...everything else under the sun...but not that.



And by someone like him?!



She couldn't see much of the culprit beyond his old, baggy clothes and the baseball cap pulled down low over his long hair. What she did see was that he was just another, in a long list of people, who thought he could look down his nose at her...even though his view of her was from the gutter!



How dare him! How dare him! As soon as she got to the bank she was going to call the cops and report that she had been accosted by some man in the alley! He could spend some time in jail then let’s see who the whore is!



Juicy turned and stormed out of the alley. He didn't know who he was messing with. She'd say...that he tried to grab her purse and that he made lewd suggestions...and that he-he even exposed himself! Yeah! He could spend months in jail for all she cared. Hell, she would probably be doing him a favor!



Juicy reached the bank and tried to put the incident out of her mind. As soon as she stepped through the door, instead feeling at ease she felt on pins and needles. It seemed that all eyes were on her.



What the hell were they looking at?! She glared at anyone that met her eyes until they quickly looked away. Some of these people looked straight up tacky! Why weren’t people staring at the old lady with the twisted wig and plastic white clunky heeled sandals?



Juicy knew she looked good! Her dreadlocks had been done up in twists and corkscrews that decorated her scalp. She had applied the gold dye herself and knew that it looked slamming! If Juicy knew anything she knew how to do hair.



That's why she was here. It was time for her to evolve from doing the hair of her friends in the back room of her little apartment to owning her own shop. Juicy had gone to cosmetology school but had been fired more than once from her spot in other people's salons because of her ill temper. 'You got issues, girl,' is what they always said.



Juicy sucked the air through her teeth. Then she sat down in one of the waiting chairs outside of the loan officer's cubicle. After five minutes with no one coming out to help her, she began staring into the cubicle of the only person presently not assisting anyone. He knew he saw her waiting. Juicy's feet began to tap in irritation. He wasn't doing anything but hoping that she would just go away. If she was a skinny white woman then she wouldn't be sitting out here like this looking stupid!



Because she was black she was used to this. She didn't mean African American either, she meant BLACK. Juicy was the color of sweet black licorice, of a charcoal briquette soaked in lighter fluid. And Juicy wasn't just her god given name; it was also a description of what she looked like. She was tall—not quite six feet, she was voluptuous and she wore her hair in dreadlocks. Yeah, white people were often taken back by the sight of her. Good! The idea of it would make her Momma proud. Her Momma had hated white people. Her Momma had hated everybody, though, but white people topped the list.



After another five minutes the man in the cubicle finally stood and came to the waiting area and asked if anyone was helping her-which he could clearly see that no one was.



Juicy looked around. It was on the tip of her tongue to respond that nobody was helping her but the invisible man currently giving her a pedicure. Instead, she remembered that she wanted a loan from this bank and had spent too much of her hard earned money on her business outfit to mess this up by having 'issues'. She shook her head keeping her lips clamped shut and followed him into the cubicle.



"How can I help you today?" He asked politely. She noticed that he hadn't bothered to introduce himself. She read the name plate sitting on his desk.



Jason Chadwick.



"Mr. Chadwick, I'm Juicy Robinson..." and it had gone downhill from there.



Fifteen minutes later she was back on the sidewalk cursing up a storm. The security guard had escorted her out after the argument with Jason Chadwick had become loud enough for the other customers to hear.



"Take your hands off of me!" She yelled bitterly. The security guard had given her a warning look and then shut the glass door of the bank firmly in her face. "I'm calling Corporate and FDA or whoever-but I'm calling somebody! They can pull the tapes—YOU DON’T TREAT PEOPLE LIKE THIS! I'm going to have your job Jason Chadwick!" She screeched. Tears of frustration began to blur her vision as she walked away, cutting through the alley to get to the bus stop on the other side of the block.



"Bastards..." She said, walking rapidly, barely realizing that she was talking aloud. "Bastards!



"Who are you talking to?"



Shit! She had forgotten all about that bum in the alley, and she had forgotten all about reporting him to the authorities. She had quite a list going of all the people she planned to report!



"And you can shut your filthy mouth!" Juicy snapped while stalking past him. This time it was he that followed her with his eyes.



She suddenly came to a halt. He wanted to mess with her? Then she was going to let him have it, too. Make her feel bad about herself? She'd tell him exactly what she thought about him!



"I'm a whore? I'm wearing a two hundred fifty dollar outfit from Macy's, hundred dollar shoes, jewelry worth even more then that...and I ain't never had to sell my ass to get what I got! What do you got?" She scowled.



The man's lip twitched.



"Exactly!" You ain't got shit! Sitting in an alley trying to get laid and you're nothing but white trash!" She pointed a French manicured nail at him. "You're less than white trash! You look down your nose at me and you can't even kiss my black ass! Cracker!" Juicy turned and stormed away.



Her heart was beating a mile a minute. It had felt so good to let lose! Her eyes didn't even feel close to tearing up the way they had just a second ago.



A couple jumped back at the sight of the wild-eyed Amazon when she stepped out from the end of the alley. She didn’t even see them and she barely noticed the group of young men she was fast approaching.



"Damn Sista. You are too pretty to look so mean," a youngish man spoke. He and two of his friends were sitting on the stoop of the apartment building that made one half of the alley.



Juicy looked up in surprise. She had been so caught up in her own angry world that for a moment it was as if she had tunnel vision; her anger and the bus stop was all that she knew. The young man that was currently appraising her was tall and thick but probably no older then twenty-five. Too young, plus he had a look about him that was...predatory.



Juicy slowed her walk and calmed down. "Thank you." She murmured.



The man jumped down from the stoop directly in her path. His friends watched with gleaming eyes. Juicy was still riding off the adrenaline rush from her altercation with Mr. Cracker in the alley. Her nerves nearly popped out of her body.



"What's your name?" The man demanded in a not-so-casual voice.



Juicy hesitated. No. She didn't like the way he had just popped up in front of her. Instead of answering she stepped around him. Best to get to the bus stop and away from-



"Hey Sista!" The young man said loudly. He stepped in front of her again. She noticed that his friends had joined him and the three of them now completely blocked the sidewalk so that she would have to either walk in the grass to get around them or turn around and walk the other way.



Either way they were going to keep messing with her, following her and her bus was due. She didn't have time to play games with these wannabe thugs.



"Look," She said while tapping her feet. "You don't need to know my name! Just let me pass—or do I need to scream for the cops?!"



Her words didn't have the desired effect. Instead of cat-calling her and reluctantly giving her a break, in unison their expressions grew instantly fierce. It was like she had flipped a switch.



A different young man spoke. "Don't nobody want yo fat ass anyway! Take your black ass out of here!"



They didn't move out of her way and Juicy was forced to walk around them. Her heart was thudding again, this time in fear. When they were behind her she almost put them out of her mind until something sharp struck her in the back of the head.



The pain was so immediate and intense that she didn't think about anything—not how she collapsed to the hard cement ground with her legs sprawled apart, not how her purse fell out of her hands, and her manila folder containing her business plan went scattering in the wind. Juicy didn't even think about crying out for help when hands gripped her and began dragging her back around the corner and into the alley.



She clutched at the first thing she could reach, which was a young man busy pulling her blouse open. Her head hurt, and in alarm she weakly struck out at him. She felt the breath leave her body as one of them brutally kicked her in the stomach.



"Shut up Bitch!" Somebody smacked her and before she knew it the three of them were all over her roughly pulling off her clothes, squeezing her breasts, slapping and punching her.



Someone was kneeling on her right hand and the pain was like they were grinding the bones into the ground. She could feel and hear them cracking and breaking beneath the weight of the man's knee. She tried to form a protective ball, to draw up her knees, to fold her body in on itself but couldn’t because of the bodies holding hers down. Suddenly someone was pulling her panties off and there was absolutely nothing she could do as someone’s mouth covered hers, smothering her weak cries.





CHAPTER 2



The breath caught in Juicy's chest. It was like she had clawed her way up from a drowning lake.



With a choked sob she tried to sit up. A hand was pressing her back down and Juicy felt the fight come back into her. With a scream she began pummeling the person that was desperately trying to hold her wrists down at her side.



"Stop it stop it STOP IT!" Someone was screaming almost as loud as she was. After a moment Juicy focused on the words and the person screaming them. She blinked her swelling eyes. There was one man; one lone man gripping her wrists.



The three young men were nowhere in sight...just this one man. She watched him in terror. Then in slow recognition she realized who it was.



Mr. Cracker...only Mr. Cracker looked like someone had done to him what it felt like had been done to her! His lip was busted and bleeding and his eye was purple and swelling more and more by the second. He watched her just as warily as she watched him.



"Please..." She cried. "Please don't…"



Mr. Cracker slowly released his grip on her wrist. Immediately Juicy tried to rise, to run away screaming, to crawl away if she had to—instead the world turned black.



Something smelled so bad that it cut through Juicy's unconsciousness. Her head moved slowly from side to side. The pain in the back of her head was magnificent! She sucked in a breath before remembering that the smell was also magnificent. She tried to bring her hand up to her nose and that hurt so much that she let it fall back to the ground.



No...not ground. She was lying on layers of something. What? She wasn't sure but it wasn't the cement ground of the alley. Juicy's eyes widened. Where was she and how had she gotten here?!



"You're not going to scream anymore, are you?"



The voice was mumbled and low. Juicy couldn't see Mr. Cracker. She wasn't in the alley but inside now. It was dark, but not completely. There were candles lit.



Juicy's stomach suddenly flipped and she was able to turn her head and vomit. Ahhh. And that was the source of the smell. It wasn't the first time she'd been sick.



She moaned. "W-where am I?"



Mr. Cracker slowly unfolded his squatting form from the shadows of the semi dark room.



"My home." He mumbled.



Juicy hurt so bad that she could barely focus on him. Had they...raped her? And what about him? What had he done to her?



"I need—an ambulance."



Mr. Cracker didn't speak but he did come slowly to his feet. His home was a room in an abandoned building. The windows were boarded up but through the cracks she could tell that it was full dark outside now. Juicy lay on a pallet of newspaper and blankets. Instead of furniture there were wooden crates and cardboard boxes. Some of them held possessions or what appeared to be trash...only it wasn't trash. It was Mr. Cracker's belongings.



Mr. Cracker rummaged through a cardboard box until he came up with an old t-shirt, faded and worn.



"It's not dirty." He tossed it to her from a distance. Juicy looked down. She was semi covered by a jacket and beneath that she wasn't wearing anything but her bra. Her panties, her skirt, her nylons and her blouse were all gone.



"God..." she sobbed.”Mister I'm hurt. I need an ambulance." She couldn't even raise her head from the filthy pallet.



Mr. Cracker's lip twitched and then he picked up an invisible phone and began dialing.



"Hello 911? Yes, could you please send an ambulance? Yes, I'm located in the alley. Okay, see you then." Mr. Cracker hung up the invisible phone while Juicy watched him incredulously.



"They’re on their way."



She couldn't even form words. This man was crazy...



Juicy's eyes hadn't closed but her awareness began to fade away. When it returned she blinked quickly. Her head pounded like spikes had been driven into her skull. That was twice that she had passed out. It wasn't normal. She needed a Doctor, a hospital before she died in this filthy abandoned building.



Juicy inhaled deeply. "Mister?" She murmured, fighting to keep from blacking out again.



There wasn't any response. He was gone. The room was empty. Juicy thought hard. Her hand was most likely broken, some of her ribs had definitely been cracked, her back hurt, but it was her head that was the biggest cause for concern.



Using her good hand she reached up and touched the back of her head. Her hand came away bloody. Her scalp was split, possibly her skull.



Dear god...this was bad. Real bad...Juicy didn't have anything else to vomit or she probably would have.





She had to get out of here. She remembered the shirt and picked it up. It took her perhaps ten minutes to pull it on, but there was still the problem of her lower half. She still wasn't wearing any bottoms. She would need to wrap up in one of the blankets.



She noted that Mr. Cracker had evidently cleaned up the vomit although traces of it still remained in her hair and on her body. Juicy pushed away the jacket and covered herself with the cleaner of the two blankets.



Who was she fooling? If she couldn't even sit up, she wasn't going to be able to stand up.



Baring her teeth, she dug down deep, and finding some shreds of strength she half scooted half pulled her way across the filthy floor. She ignored the rat droppings, dead and living cock roach carcasses and nameless other things that she didn't want to try to figure out.



As she fought her way across the room, reality and the past began to meld. Sometimes it seemed that she was trying to get to Momma, and at other times she was in school being ignored or tortured. She began to remember things that she had long ago put out of her memory...





~Pt. 1~



Momma had a date with Mr. Benson and she wanted Juicy to put spirals in her hair. She had such beautiful hair. Juicy had always wished that she looked like her Momma. Momma was milk chocolate with long, thick hair that touched her shoulders. Juicy in comparison was ashy black with hair like a kinky cap. She pressed and oiled and brushed what she had until it shown...still it would never be like Momma's.





Juicy's home life wasn't good but it was all she knew. Most people thought that her Mom was nuts. Her personality was fierce with a temper that lashed out at everyone with the exception of her daughter. And Juicy, in turn, was as docile as her Mom was chaotic.





‘Babygirl, that looks so good.’ Momma carefully pulled a curl, released it and then watched it bounce back into position. Juicy had wanted to say that it was easy with hair like that. It bent to her will with no effort. Instead she made small talk like people expect hairdressers to do; even if the hairdresser is just ten years old.





‘You’ve been out with Mr. Benson a lot.’





Jasmina Robinson stood then moved closer to the mirror. She studied her makeup and then lit a cigarette.





‘Yeah, but Charlie is as broke as me. I ain’t trying to waste my time with a broke-ass niggah.’





Juicy followed Momma into the living room and watched her sit on the couch and slip on heels. One day she’d be doing that; sitting on the couch putting on fancy shoes so that she could go out with her man.





‘You laugh when you’re with him. So he must make you happy.’ What could be better then someone that makes you happy?





Her Mom scowled. ‘Juicy, laughter don’t pay my bills.’ She gave the little girl a pointed look. ‘You can fall for a man that got a little bit of money just as good as you can fall for a broke niggah. Charlie is fun, but Charlie can never be my man.’





Juicy had liked Mr. Benson, but Momma didn’t lie; she left him for someone that had a nice car. But this new man did not make her laugh nearly as much as Charlie Benson had.





There were times in Juicy’s life when her Momma was both her biggest love and her biggest fear. She wasn’t afraid of her directly. She was afraid of what her Momma could do.





White people couldn’t be trusted, they were devils, they would stab you in the back. Juicy had grown up with these words all of her life. White people weren’t too bad in her opinion. Her teachers were nice, the doctor gave her a sucker, the butcher winked at her and smiled.





But Momma always had something bad to say about them and every time they drove through the white neighborhoods, Momma would throw her trash out the window.





‘Momma, that’s littering! You shouldn’t do that!’





‘Girl, I know it’s wrong to litter!’ She would snap while smoking her cigarette and looking mean. ‘But they dump they trash in our neighborhood and no one cleans it up. If I dump my trash in their neighborhood then I bet you they gonna come clean it up or have someone else do it for them!’





‘Probably another black person.’ Juicy had mumbled. Momma didn’t have a response for that. But nothing could change her mind.





One time she had driven out of the bank going through the entrance instead of the exit. The traffic had been backed up and so she had created a shortcut. An old white woman had rolled down her window and told Momma that she was going the wrong way.





She had become enraged. Momma had actually stopped her car in order to cuss out the older woman, proclaiming that she wasn’t stupid, she could read, that the woman wasn’t the exit police…Juicy had just watched from her passenger seat in wide-eyed disbelief that her Mother had reacted so strongly. Once they had sped off, Momma had mumbled to herself that white people always thought blacks were stupid.





Worse is when her Momma had to come to the school. All of the teachers in elementary and middle school knew about her mother and took all the steps necessary to keep her from having to show her face there. There was no shortage of exploits involving Juicy’s Momma busting into classrooms and threatening the teacher, or roaming down the halls with a heated look and a cigarette in her mouth while she searched for the right conference room. Open house was a nightmare of accusations and confrontations.





There was a long list of things that Juicy didn’t like Momma to do, getting pulled over by a white policeman, having the bagger at the grocery store over-fill the bags or smash the bread, having a white person point out that she had come in through the exit and gone out through the entrance…and god forbid if a white man flirted with her!





Juicy didn’t have to ask what white people had ever done to Momma. She knew the story as well as she knew how to spell her name. Momma used to working in housekeeping at the hospital and had made good money doing it. Sometimes she would know more than the dumb nurses about the patients. Even though it wasn’t her job, she would bring the patients water, pillows, or just shoot the bull with them as she dumped their trash and swept their floors. Sometimes they would complain about this or that with her and Jassmina began to lean when they had too much or too little medication and sometimes even the wrong medicine. There wasn’t much she could do about it other than to tell the patients to tell their doctors certain key words and then the doctor would know that they weren’t just bullshitting.





One day Jassmina was accused of stealing patient’s medication. After a short investigation she was fired. Of course she had talked calmly to the administration, of course she had asked for these patients to vouch for her, but in the end she was the one escorted from the premises of the hospital and not the scrawny white nurse that had the track marks up and down her arms.





‘If I could go back in time I would cut those white devils. I would do everything different…everything!’ Her mother would say bitterly whenever times got rough, whenever money was short or whenever a white person would do something nice for her.



Juicy and her Momma lived in the Cincinnati projects. Her daddy had died when she was still too young to remember him. Juicy figured that her Momma hadn’t been angry back in those days before he died and when she had a good paying job at the hospital. Juicy would look at the photographs that showed her dimpled grin, and her Daddy with his arms wrapped around the both of them as if he would keep the outside world from touching them. Sometimes she would cry from wishing so hard for a Daddy to protect them.





But he had died and the reality is that a single woman can’t make a car note, pay rent and utilities, AND daycare when you have little more than a minimum wage job. Initially money in their house was tight, but as Juicy got older their income was supplemented by what she brought in from doing hair. Momma worked at a soul food restaurant and so, didn’t have to spend much for groceries. Their meals consisted almost entirely of the leftovers that Momma brought home from work, which meant that Juicy's diet was made up mainly of fatty pork ribs, deep fried fish and fries, peach cobbler, butter cakes etc. The two lived in a one bedroom apartment and Juicy's bedroom was the couch that was sorely inadequate for a girl of her height and weight.





She had very few friends to speak of, which meant the majority of her free time was spent in front of the TV set or reading. She hated school because the kids made fun of her. Juicy wasn't dumb but she failed enough times that she didn't graduate until the age of twenty. Had it not been for the promise that she had made to her Momma, Juicy would have dropped out long before.





To Juicy, friends were people that you sat next to in school. But you didn’t actually call them on the telephone or hang out with them; at least Juicy didn’t. She didn’t really know what it was to have a real friend until Felix. He lived in her apartment complex and people made fun of him because they said he had too much ‘sugar in his tank.’ Sometimes the boys used to chase him and if they caught him they would beat him up or make him pull down his pants and show the girls what he had. She remembered watching Felix from the stoop and how he always had quick come-backs to insults, and also how fast he could run when someone threatened to whup his ass. He could outrun anyone in the neighborhood. It was funny how sometimes talent was derived from necessity. Without the ability to do hair, Juicy would never have had the money to make herself look nice, and Felix was the fastest runner in the neighborhood because he had to be.





One day she was sitting on her stoop playing with her Barbie dolls and he sat down next to her. His eyes were glued to the Barbies. She handed him one and he grinned happily. But then he looked around and told her that they would have to play up on the roof. Shrugging she followed him up there, away from prying eyes and from that day on there was never a day that the two didn’t hang out with each other; either on the roof, in one of their apartments or at school.





Felix was like a girl, though she would never say that to his face, even though she always got caught saying, ‘Girl, let me tell you!’ But he seemed to love it when she did that, so it was never a big deal. He liked to dress up in their mother’s clothes—mostly her mother’s clothes because he said her Momma was hip and his Momma was a thrift store Queen! He liked Barbies and having tea parties. But he also knew how to fight and he taught her how to kick, to punch and to stomp the shit out of someone...but mostly he liked acting like a girl. Felix’s passion was fashion and make-up, and as they grew older his love of fashion spread to her, pushing her to be his model. Felix went a long way in convincing Juicy that just because she was big didn’t mean she couldn’t be beautiful.





As a result, she and Felix dressed better than anybody else in the entire school and she made sure that her hair was more stylish then any of the other girls. Sometimes he would steal outfits for her and sometimes she’d take them both shopping with money she made from doing hair. She learned everything that she knew about fashion from her homosexual best friend.





When someone would make disparaging remarks about how she looked, Felix would be at his most violent. He fought for her more then he fought for himself. She had spent her life watching Momma fight, and now she was watching Felix do it and that seemed to squash the fight right out of her. She wouldn’t let anyone put their hands on her, but insults were things that she pretended not to hear. Juicy just held it all in until she felt like her heart would explode out of her chest in rage.





She could have learned from Felix, who never let anyone get the last word, even if the end result was that he would still get beat up. He would always say, ‘They just jealous of you, Juicy. That’s why they talk about you. You look good and they wish they could look this hot. Vogue, girl!’ And then they would prance around like models in a Madonna video; laughing all the while.





One day Juicy sat on the stairs behind the school where people sometimes went at lunch when the weather was nice. She grabbed the stairs before anyone else could and waited for Felix. He sat down slowly, his elbows resting on his knees. He stared at the ground and mumbled a half-hearted greeting.





“What’s wrong with you?” She passed him a slice of butter cake that she had packed for him. He took it but did not make a move to eat it.





He looked at her suddenly. “Juicy, when you look at me what do you see?”





“What?” She shrugged. “Felix, who else?”





He closed his eyes slowly and sighed. He looked at her again. “No really. What do you see, if you didn’t know me, what’s your first impression?”





Juicy munched her cake and squinted. “I see a light skinned guy, with light eyes. Sixteen. Thin build, but in shape. Hmmm, dress nice-”





“You see a sixteen year old boy.” He repeated.





“You are a sixteen year old boy, Felix.”





“You don’t see a fag? A queer, a punk, a sissy-”





“What the hell?!” She swallowed, alarmed. “What brought that on?”





“Because that’s what everybody else sees.” His light eyes flashed, then he calmed and the fire went out.





Juicy did not like seeing him like this. She was quiet for a minute. “Is there anybody in particular that we’re talking about?”





He turned to her again. “I like the same guys that you like, Juicy. I like the jock and the brain, and the cute guy with the goatee. Unfortunately, those guys will never like me.”





“That’s not true.” She blinked. “Just because the world is filled with people too chicken to come out the way you have-”





“I did not COME out, Juicy! I was forced out!” He frowned and though his words were angry and frustrated they suddenly became soft. “The way I walk, and the way I talk, and the way I look meant that I could never hide what I am.” She stared at her friend, feeling his pain, but not knowing how to stop it. She was stunned by this conversation because Felix had always been proud of himself…or so she had thought. He had always looked openly at what he admired and didn’t hide who he was. And now he seemed to be unhappy with what he was. This was not a side of her friend that she was used to seeing.





“Who?” She asked simply.





“Who?” He gave her a confused look.





“Who told you that you were a punk? Who made you feel like this? Who do you like that you think that you can’t have?”





He watched her with steady eyes. “Everybody but you.”





One day he sat on the roof staring at nothing in particular, with scraped knuckles and the residue of blood beneath his nose; not much different than any other day. But a month later he had either jumped or been pushed off the roof of the building.



Without Felix, High School was intolerable. Her other friends were almost whitewashed compared to Felix with his flair and dramatics. Hell, she felt whitewashed without his encouragement and laughter. And on top of that, the same sorry bitches at school that made you jump off roofs…or maybe that even pushed you off roofs—well those bitches had finally stretched her last nerve; the one that was already stretched far too thin.





One day, one of the light skinned girls had made another black joke about her. The next second that girl was lying on the floor. No one moved. It was just too strange to see the quiet, fat girl react, and at first no one believed what they had seen with their very own eyes.





Juicy returned to her business, but a great weight that had been sitting right over her heart had suddenly lifted. I can breathe, she thought.





Juicy didn't even get in trouble over it. As a matter of fact, the teacher seemed reluctant to punish her for something that they all had long overlooked. And Juicy couldn’t stop thinking about how tight her chest had felt and after she let loose on the girl she could breathe, she could think again.





It began happening with more and more frequency; the tightness and then the release…same scenario, different facts.





She is just sitting in class, minding her own business and one girl is wearing a denim jumper almost like the one she is wearing; except Juicy’s outfit is not a knock-off like the other girl’s. And her friends are snickering and making fat jokes. For a moment, Juicy thinks, ‘I shouldn’t have worn this. I’m never wearing this again…’ The next minute she is picturing Felix’s face when he picked this outfit for her.





Juicy knows that rage has a distinct flavor. She tastes it on her tongue, it’s like a copper penny or maybe just the taste in your mouth when your Momma runs a red light and almost kills you and all of the people driving on the street with her.





Yes, that is the taste of rage. First she has the taste, next she is standing up and pounding on the girl and swinging at her friends and there is long hair caught in her fist…no not hair, just weave. Girls are crying and the teacher is holding her arms down against her body and screaming over and over, ‘Juicy stop!’ And then suddenly she can breathe and think again.





It begins happening too often now for her to get off scott free. For that incident she had to go to court. She had given one girl a broken nose, another had gashes in her no-longer-picture perfect face. Juicy didn’t remember doing it…but one girl’s nose was broken and the other girl was all scarred so she couldn’t dispute it. Afterwards instead of laughing at her when they walked down the halls, people laughed at those two girls.





The same thugs that used to torment her and chase Felix home last year were following her around this year. She wished that she could talk to Felix and ask him why these fools were bothering with her. But she couldn’t. So one day she just turned to one of the more persistent thugs and with wide eyes she just shrugged. “What?!”





The thug grinned. “Why are you trying to play hard to get?” He kept following her, bringing her snack cakes at lunch, slipping her notes, and then catching her behind the school one evening.





She balled her hands into fists. “I’ll fight you just as fast as I’ll fight any of those bitches in there!”





He just grinned. “I know. A brother needs a strong woman to have his back.” Juicy gave him a confused look.





“Why you fooling with me when all those popular girls are always sniffing around you? I see them following you around.” In fact she had been watching him as hard as he had been watching her; just trying to see what his game was.





“Because you’re fine, Juicy.” She had given him a surprised look, and then later had gone home where she promptly stripped out of her fashionable clothes and stood in front of the mirror in her Momma’s room.





This time she looked--looked past the hair that didn’t flow to her shoulders like Momma’s, and the way her ass and boobs bounced around when she moved. She just looked.





And what she saw is that she had pretty smooth skin that didn’t have even one pimple; flawless. Her color was ebony like polished wood, her brow was arched naturally the way that others paid fifteen dollars a pop for her to do for them with a pair of tweezers. Her eyes were deep and black, like endless holes-not even brown but solid black and almond shaped like a Hawiian’s. She had a voluptuous body back when all of the other girls had flat chests and boyish shapes. Big and solid is what she was, like an hour glass, a coke bottle a guitar…



Juicy laughed. He said she was fine. Felix said she was fine. Momma said she was fine, so why the hell hadn’t she ever seen it? Because she let other people convince her that big and black was ugly!





She went back to school dressed in her most fly suede mini skirt and matching boots with her short hair styled like Anita Baker’s. She grabbed the thug-boy between classes, pulling him behind a set of lockers and gave him a kiss; her very first. Afterwards, when she walked down the halls in her tight jeans and baby doll tops, rocking her UGZ and she got stares, Juicy no longer cared. Some maybe thought that she was too fat, some thought that she looked good, but it didn’t matter. Juicy already understood everything at the age of sixteen; people will make you want to die. People will make you hate yourself; and you can not survive that without fighting.





CHAPTER 3



The world spun but not in a bad way. It was nice, like being held in Momma's arms when she was a baby. Momma…



Juicy nestled her head against the warmth; that spot under Momma's chin—Her eyes popped open. Her head was being nestled under someone's chin alright...but it wasn't Momma's!



Mr. Cracker looked at her. He didn't seem to be very happy. Juicy's face twisted in a grimace of pain when her head whipped around to stare at him. Mr. Cracker was carrying her and they were heading out of the building and into the dark alley that she had so recently been attacked.



"They wouldn't come, lady." He mumbled.



"What?" She asked. What was he talking about?



He was carrying her like a baby and they were hurrying down the sidewalk now. How strange...Juicy wrapped in a dirty blanket being carried down the street by a crazy homeless man. Surreal was the word. She'd always read of it but never thought she'd experience it.



"I tried to bring them but they wouldn't come. We are invisible, you know that, right? You're invisible now, too. When those...hoodlums attacked you, three people walked by and ignored your calls. Three people, Lady."





Juicy watched Mr. Cracker intently. He hurried along only mildly out of breath. How could he be carrying her like this...and where was he taking her?



He halted long enough to look both ways before crossing the street. Then he continued his quick walk. When people drove past in their cars, did they even take a double look at the sight the two of them must have made? She blinked her eyes and focused, unwilling to allow the world to slip away from her again.



"I even went to the cops. I said that a lady had been attacked in the alley and she needed help." Mr. Cracker's lip twitched then his eye twitched. He cleared his throat and acted like he was about to start stuttering.



"I haven't spoken to the cops since..." He shook his head. "They just told me to get lost and when I tried to make them follow me they threatened to throw me in jail." He took the time to look at her intently. "I couldn't let that happen, Lady. I didn't know if you would be alive or dead. Those men...they hurt you bad." He whispered the last.



Yes, they had hurt her bad. He did understand. "You...you helped me, though." She said weakly, feeling so tired.



"Yes." He affirmed. "Yes." He nodded his head. "I helped you. You got any money, Lady?”





“What?” She squinted up at him in disbelief.





“Any Insurance, money, anything?"



The tension that had built within Juicy at his question quieted and she closed her eyes. "I have a Medicaid card but that and my money was in my purse. You didn't manage to-?"



"No I didn't manage to do much but..." Mr. Cracker halted long enough to hoist her up. Juicy grimaced.



"Okay?" He asked.



"Yes." Was her weak response. "Are you carrying me to the hospital?" Because that was so crazy, to be carried to a hospital…Why didn’t someone stop to help them?



"I don't have much choice. The ambulance never came." Juicy gave him a sharp look but Mr. Cracker either ignored it or didn’t notice it.



Juicy’s world began to turn black again. "I'm really bad off Mr. Cracker..." And then she remembered no more.



***



Troy liked the name. Mr. Cracker...sounded right.



He had needed to get the lady to General Hospital where they took nameless, invisible people; like them. People drove by without stopping, without helping until finally a taxi cab had stopped. The good samaritan had given them a ride. His arms had been about to give out and he was sweating furiously by that time. But if he left her then she'd be nothing but another dead invisible person. Just like the countless others he'd seen over the years.



When they got to admittance it was already crowded wall to wall with people in various stages of illness; from drug overdose, to broken limbs, even a gunshot wound.



They placed the lady on a gurney while an intern checked her injuries. Mr. Cracker noted that she didn't wake up while they did it. They took some time to ask him questions about her. He lied about the things he didn't know...Like her name. She looked like a Shanice to him and so that became her name for the records. And because he was Mr. Cracker, she became Mrs. Cracker. Otherwise, they would shut him out...and he knew the routine. If he didn't stay around they'd leave her on the gurney until she slowly passed away, and it would be written up as if she had died of her injuries instead of died of neglect.



Mr. Cracker didn't fault anyone for this. He was too realistic for that. This hospital treated all classes of people and that the majority of their patients were the poor and uninsured meant that there was less room for the patients that could pay their bills...they came first while the invisible came last. It was just the way of the world.



Still he didn't like that she was still on the gurney an hour later. Thankfully the cops had arrived to take his statement. He got through it without stuttering much, or blacking out. Remembering Kelly helped him.



It was their insistence that she be seen immediately that finally got her into x-ray and then surgery.



Mr. Cracker felt bad that he didn't know who her next of kin was so that he could call them. Instead he played the role.



'Mr. Cracker we're so sorry, your wife's in a coma.' 'Mr. Cracker if she makes it through the next twenty four hours then it looks promising.' 'Mr. Cracker please be prepared for a vegetative state', and so on and so on and so on.



He checked the papers everyday for news of a missing person...but there wasn't any. Strange how easily Shanice had disappeared from society. After three days she wasn't in the papers, and not in the news.



But three days did signify something important; she opened her eyes.



Mr. Cracker was very happy. He'd been using her hospital shower to bathe and had been eating her meals, which they brought everyday even though she was being fed intravenously. Sloppy and a waste of money, but why should an underpaid attendant care what happened to the hospital’s money? However, when she opened her eyes that first time after three days in a coma, he was fine with giving up her meals and shower.



Juicy squinted at the sunlight streaming into the window. The first thing she noted was that she was comfortable. She was in a bed with pillows and blankets. Silently she realized that it was a hospital. Lastly, she saw the man sitting in a plastic chair next to her bed. She looked at him in confusion. Who was he? Not a doctor...Mr. Cracker?



Mr. Cracker smiled in a twitchy nervous way. "You're not brain damaged are you?"



"Huh?" She asked with a crinkled brow.



"Damn...that's too bad." His eyes looked distant as they focused on a spot behind her.



"What are you talking about?" Juicy's lips were dry and cracked and her throat felt like she'd swallowed gravel. "Is there something to drink?"



Mr. Cracker stood and reached for a plastic pitcher and plastic cup from the table next to her bed. Juicy could barely recognize him. He had cleaned up and was now completely transformed. His hair was blonde and shiny from a fresh washing. He had evidently shaved because he now only had a bit of mustache and goatee and he had lost the dirty baseball cap. And now that it was gone, she could see his dark grey eyes. The bruise under his eye had faded to a dull yellow and his split lip was only slightly discolored. Even his clothes were clean.



Mr. Cracker was younger then she was! He handed her the cup of water and she struggled to sit up. He found a remote and raised the bed for her. Then he pulled his chair closer and watched as she drank the cool water.



God, it was delicious! She drained it in two seconds. Mr. Cracker poured her another cup.



"So, are you saying that you are not in a vegetative state?" He asked moving his lips slowly and precisely as if he was talking to a deaf person.



Wow, he was crazy, Juicy thought. "I'm not in a vegetative state." She said plainly. "I'm talking right at you."



He sighed. Then his happy expression returned. "I'm glad."



Juicy blinked. When he smiled he didn't look like a crazed lunatic, he was actually very handsome.



"Did...did you carry me all the way here?"



Mr. Cracker shrugged. "Mostly, but a cab picked us up the last few blocks."



"Oh." Juicy looked down at her hand. It was in a cast. She wiggled her fingers and it felt sore.



"You-uhm-have a broken hand. And a bad concussion. Your brain began to swell and was pressing against your skull." Mr. Cracker cleared his throat. "It was a pretty big deal. Surgeons thought they were going to need to cut away part of your skull to make room. All they ended up doing was drilling a hole in your head to release the pressure."



What? Drilled her head?! Juicy's face twisted as she used her good hand to tentatively touch the side of her heavily bandaged head. A nurse walked in then holding a tray of food. She smiled when she saw them talking.



"Good morning Mrs. Cracker. Nice to see you finally awake. You've been asleep for some time."



"Huh?" Juicy asked with her mouth still hanging open. What had that lady just called her?



The nurse had a stricken look on her face. "Oh goodness." The nurse turned to Mr. Cracker. "We'll have the doctor come in to discuss your options for treatment of the brain damage."



"She doesn't have brain damage." Mr. Cracker replied. "That's just the way she talks."



"Oh..." The nurse said and watched Juicy like she was under a microscope. Juicy ignored their interaction.



"What do you mean I've been asleep for days?"



Mr. Cracker nodded. "Three days you've been in a coma."



"That's messed up." Juicy said slowly. A coma…a real life coma.



The nurse placed the tray of food on a table and pushed it in front of Juicy.



"I'll have the Doctor come right in and discuss your condition." She checked the IV then left.



Juicy was still wearing a grimace as she digested the idea of being in a coma. Mr. Cracker lifted the lid off the tray.



"Are you hungry?"



"No." Juicy responded absently. After a quiet moment she noticed Mr. Cracker eyeing the tray of food with interest.



"You can have it." There was soup, a flat sandwich and a small plastic container of JELLO.



He didn't wait for her to repeat the offer. He picked up the sandwich and munched on it happily.



"Why did that nurse call me Mrs. Cracker?"



"Oh yeah, that. You're my wife. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to sit here and keep an eye on you." He paused in his chewing to give her a long look. "And since you named me Mr. Cracker, it's your name, too."



Juicy felt her face turn warm, but she'd be damned if she would apologize. When she had referred to him as a cracker he sure was acting like one!



"Then how are they billing me for this if they don't have my real name?"



He shrugged. He'd finished the sandwich in one last bite and removed the plastic lid from the bowl of soup. He drank it in three gulps.



Juicy sighed. None of this was neat and tidy. She didn't like a lot of stray ends. Would Medicaid even cover all of this?



Mr. Cracker was removing the plastic shrink wrap from the JELLO . "Why are you so worried about it? You're invisible, like me...Mrs. Cracker. What are they going to do, mail your hospital bill to my boarded up room in the alley? I'm not going to tell anybody your real name...even if I knew it."



He picked up the plastic wrapped package of utensils and removed the spoon. Mr. Cracker moved his chair closer to her and spooned up a small portion of JELLO which he held close to her mouth.



Juicy shook her head but Mr. Cracker wasn't taking no for an answer and gently prodded her lip with the offering. She accepted it reluctantly.



Mmmmm. Good. She hadn't had JELLO since elementary school. Mr. Cracker continued feeding her.



"Well what's going to happen when it's time to check out and I haven't paid? Are they going to call the police on me?"



Mr. Cracker's lip twitched once. "Are you sure you don't have brain damage? I just told you. Besides, I don't recall you asking for medical treatment. How can someone be forced to pay for something that they didn't even ask for? You really don't know much about how the system works." He sighed. "I'm MISTER Cracker, let me handle this, okay?"



Dear Lord, he was so crazy! Juicy thought warily.



The Doctor came in soon after she'd eaten the JELLO. She wished there was more, it had been delicious. The Doctor checked the dressing on her head, didn't mention her sore ribs or back and just like Mr. Cracker promised he fielded all questions about insurance. Once the Doctor determined that there was going to be no payment forthcoming he gave Juicy a clean bill of health and announced that she could leave that same day. Then he left without another word.



Juicy and Mr. Cracker stared at each other silently.



"I-I just woke up out of a coma...he said I can go home? I can just get up and leave? What about-they drilled a hole in my head!"



Mr. Cracker shrugged.



"Mister, this ain't right. This ain't right at all." Mr. Cracker was nodding his head in agreement.



"It's not right. But it's how the world works for us. But you're not a part of my world, are you? You need to get on that phone and call your people to come take care of you." His look was suddenly fierce...but no longer what Juicy would describe as crazy.



"Have my people come and get me? My Mother died years ago. I don't have a Daddy or brothers and sisters. I got cousins but I wouldn't call on them to do a thing for me. I had outpatient surgery one time and asked one of my girlfriends to come pick me up from the hospital...the bitch didn't show up for five hours—AND she was drunk! Mister I don't call on anybody for NOTHING! You hear me? NO-THING!"



Mr. Cracker contemplated her words. He stood up and went to a little closet. The room that Juicy was in had another bed but it was vacant. There were two bathrooms and two closets. She assumed that he was in her closet.



He returned with a clear plastic bag and laid it gently on her bed. "There's a charities foundation here at the hospital. They gave you some clothes, toothpaste and tooth brush, flip flops...things like that. Here. Get dressed and I'll be right back. I'm going to get you out of here."



"Mister!" Juicy called before he went out the door.



He turned to her. "Troy. My name is Troy."



She nodded. "I'm Juicy."



Troy's lip curled up in a grimace. "Oh. Why don't you just keep calling me Mr. Cracker and I'll keep calling you Lady." Then he left.



She huffed in total disbelief. No he didn't...



It didn't take long for Juicy to realize that she was filthy! They hadn't done a good job of washing her at all. She still found traces of blood on her body and hair! And while it had been really nice of them to give her these clothes...they were completely ill-fitting! They had given her sweat pants that were way too tight...and short, and her shirt was a button-up flower mini moo moo that reached mid calf...a good thing since the sweatpants barely contained her booty. Juicy had size eleven feet and the pink flip flops felt like half that size.



It didn't matter because as soon as she got home she was going to dump all of it in the trash! How was she going to get home? For the life of her she couldn't remember the connecting bus routes from the hospital...not that she had bus fare anyway.



Someone slid a piece of paper under the door and Juicy picked it up curiously. She felt dizzy as she squatted to pick it up and worried that she was developing a brain clot...or some brain infection from the atrocious conditions of the hospital.



"What is this?" She hoped it wasn't a bill. She read the sheet of paper slowly. It wasn't a bill exactly but an invoice of her treatment. Next to each treatment was a price and then a grand total at the bottom. A whopping two hundred and thirty thousand dollars!



Juicy was speechless. It wasn't the grand total at the bottom...it was one particular treatment that had her quiet...



Mr. Cracker returned to the room.



"Oh, okay. You're dressed." He didn't comment on the tacky clothes and Juicy didn't look up. "What are you reading?"



She looked at him with hollow eyes. She handed him the slip of paper. He read quickly lips moving silently and then stopped abruptly. He looked at Juicy.



"Oh...that..." Mr. Cracker looked really uncomfortable which made him look even younger then she had previously suspected.



"They gave me a rape kit?"



"Yes, I believe they did." Mr. Cracker licked his lips and fumbled with the invoice. "But I don't truly know if that happened to you."



She looked at him hopefully. "Maybe I shouldn't want to remember. I was hit in the head so hard that a lot of what happened is a blank. What exactly happened?" Juicy pleaded.



His eyes looked at a spot over her shoulder as if he was seeing the past. After a long pause, he swallowed and his breath came out shallow.



"I was just sitting there trying to get through a headache. It was a really bad one." He shook his head. "And I heard some guys cursing and laughing. I hoped they wouldn't notice me...mostly people leave me alone, but I remembered hearing another voice and it sounded like a child was hurt."



Juicy's eyes lowered as she relived the attack through his words. It hurt again, almost as bad as the first time.



"When I got over there I knew it was you immediately and they were punching and kicking you. I knew I couldn't take on all three by myself so I hit one with a garbage can. I made sure to knock him out. Before I did that..." Mr. Cracker finally looked straight at her. "One of them had your p-panties off, and he was struggling to get his pants down...and he was between your legs."



Juicy pulled her lower lip into her mouth and turned her back to Mr. Cracker. Her head was lowered, eyes squeezed tightly closed.



"Shanice-Lady! Juicy..." Mr. Cracker called. She couldn't hear his voice through the shattering of her heart.



She felt his hand on her arm and she had to bite back a desire to scratch and kick and scream and cry! Mr. Cracker pulled her around until she was facing him but she would not raise her head.



Had someone raped her?! Had they taken that away from her, too?!



"I don't know, Juice. I don't know if that happened to you. But it was better to be safe than sorry, okay? So they gave you the kit, just in case, okay?" He took half a step toward her, then a full step. Slowly he kept moving forward, his arms had gone around her shoulders.



He was hugging her.



Juicy didn't like it...but she didn't all together hate it either. She felt herself sigh and Mr. Cracker's arms tightened in a way that felt like she was safe and secure.



Damn, he was tall, something she hadn't recognized previously. And he didn't stink which she thought all homeless people did. He probably actually smelled better than she did!



She had thought of him as scrawny but he wasn't. He wasn't even thin. His arms were well muscled and wire tight. Juicy slipped out of his grip. Self-consciously she crossed her arms in front of herself.



Even though she had stepped back, Mr. Cracker—Troy rubbed her shoulder reassuringly before he turned to the door and blew out a stressed breath.



"Well...shall we go?"



Juicy looked at him wide-eyed. "Just...walk out?"



"Yep."



"Let's get the hell out of here." Juicy walked as fast as her sore head and little flip flops allowed.



They were ignored as Mr. Cracker pressed the down button on the elevator. She felt like she was a flaming fool! But none of the nurses paid them the least attention. Damn...she was invisible.



Juicy worried about where they were going and how they were going to get there once stepping out of the hospital. But there was a kiosk at the bus stop right outside of the hospital and Mr. Cracker led them to it.



"Where do you live, Juice?"



"Why are you calling me Juice?" She asked as she trailed behind him. He turned and looked at her confused.



"Because I can't call you Juicy with a straight face. No offense, but I feel like I'm saying something derogatory."



"Hmph. You're worried about calling me something derogatory now? But you called me a whore before. Remember?" Juicy regretted her words as soon as she spoke them. This man was helping her more than anybody else had offered to thus far. What was wrong with her? Why did she always go off the deep end? A bus drove pass and Mr. Cracker looked after it as if he wished he were on it.



"I'm sorry...Troy." She had almost called him Mr. Cracker. "I appreciate you. I really do. I know I'd be d-dead in that alley if it wasn't for-"



He looked at her. "I didn't exactly call you a whore." His eyes had taken on a far-away look. "I was saying that you looked...pretty." The next words were spoken slowly and distinctly and he used his hand to signal each syllable. "Then you asked me what I was looking at. And that's when I said...I think a whore."



The people at the bus stop had stopped what they were doing to look at them.



"I wasn’t even doing anything wrong, just complimenting you! And I wasn't name-calling, you were. Remember, it was you that called me a cracker? Even when I was carrying you to the hospital you called me a cracker!"



Troy looked and sounded more incredulous than angry, but his voice had still grown definitely louder. She felt shame, like an actual article of clothing engulf her.



Juicy opened her mouth. Then she closed it. "I didn't understand, Troy. That's why I said that." Juicy's eyes began to sting. "I'm real sorry for that. I swear I am-" His eyes seemed to melt and the muscles of his face suddenly relaxed.



"Juice...I don't want an apology. I am white trash. I'm not a cracker but if that's what you see then I guess that's what I am-"



Juicy tried to shake her head and a sharp pain spiked through her. She sucked in a loud breath through clenched teeth and her knees buckled.



Troy caught her and a second later she was standing back up on her own two feet with him supporting her. His eyes were large like saucers. "I'm sorry Juice! I didn't mean to yell at you. Do you want me to take you back in the hospital-?"



"No!" The pain was subsiding. And she just wanted to be home, out of these clothes, away from these stares... "Could you please just help me home? I'll give you cab fare to get you back-"



"Yeah, of course. I'll take you home.”



A connecting bus wasn't fast coming. They had to wait twenty minutes. The little bus stop was crowded but when Juicy used her large body to squeeze herself a spot on one of the three benches miraculously there was plenty of space for both herself and Troy.



Juicy couldn't remember ever being so tired in all her life. Maybe she was going into another coma...that could happen couldn't it? She was afraid to fall asleep in case she didn't wake up for another three days!



"You okay, Juice?" Troy asked her more than once.



"Just tired." was always her response. "Don't let me fall asleep. In case I don't wake up." Troy seemed surprised by the request but he nodded in agreement.



When the bus finally came, Juicy pushed her way to be the first to board. She was sick and tired of the looks that she received. Some people even turned their nose up at her like...well like she was homeless!



Troy dug into his pocket for two very wrinkled bills and change. After securing two transfers he sat down next to her.



Not even fifteen minutes later they were off that bus and now waiting at the next stop.



She caught Troy giving her worried glances. She couldn't help the way she felt and therefore the way she looked. She felt like shit.



Troy reached out and gripped her hand; the one without a cast.



"Don't worry, Juice. I'll have you home before you know it."



"I've never felt so bad in my life...and I hope I never do again." She whispered.



Troy just looked deeply into her eyes before they flitted away to stare at the passing cars and passing people. He kept her hand gripped comfortably in his, though.



When the bus that Juicy normally rode finally arrived she was so excited that for a moment the fatigue left her body. Again she bombarded her way to be first to board. When someone stepped between her and Troy and he was about to let the women separate them, Juicy reached out and grabbed his arm and like a Momma holding on to her child and pulled him up the stairs after her. He followed like a boneless rag doll. One look at the determined expression on her face and nobody dared to protest.



After securing their seats Juicy sighed in relief. Being on her familiar bus was almost as good as being home. Maybe they'd get home before dark.



"Juice, don't fall asleep." Troy was saying. "You have to tell me which stop."



"Idlewyld...second stop on Idlewyld." Juicy found her head resting on Troy's shoulder and her eyes closing slowly. Troy's brow furrowed as he studied the little map on the bus schedule.



"Idlewyld..." He whispered. "Juice, you going to leave me hanging here?" But Juicy was already sleeping.

***

"Wake up Juicy." Troy was reaching past her to pull the string to indicate a stop request.



Her eyes popped open. That was a forty minute ride and she felt like she had just closed her eyes. But at least she hadn't fallen into a coma-and at least her head had stopped feeling like little men were trying to beat their way out of it!



Troy gripped her by her wrist and pulled her up and out of the seat and then off the bus. It was her turn to feel like a rag doll.



"Is this the right stop?" He asked when the bus was pulling away. She just smiled, lucky for them that it was or someone would be carrying her again! Actually the little nap had refreshed her and she was energized.



"I live right up here." She pointed. Troy tilted his head as he watched her.



"You're smiling. I think this is the first time I've seen you do that."



"You'll see me tap dancing as soon as I get in my apartment." Yes her energy was definitely back.



She hurried them to her four unit brownstone. Some of her neighbors were out on the front stoop. Juicy wasn't the most neighborly person so she didn't speak as she passed by. But she knew she'd be the topic of gossip for a while; dressed like a hobo, heavily bandaged AND leading a strange white man into her home.



They bypassed the front door and went around back. "Where are we going?"



"I don't have my key." The upside of having her purse snatched is that she didn't have credit cards. It was a nice purse and she hated losing it but she had just swapped it out that day and hadn't put too many personal items in it. Her wallet was the biggie but...it was really not the most important thing on Juicy's mind right now.



When they were around back she headed for a small window next to a metal utility door. She pushed it open and reached inside stretching to the fullest capacity until she had unlatched the door from the inside. Troy caught on and opened the door. She explained when she noticed Troy's confused expression.



"You see, I'm always locking myself out of my place; losing my key, having it stolen by an asshole boyfriend. So I stashed a spare down in the basement."



With only the dim light from an exit sign, Juicy sure footedly headed for a rickety metal shelf holding old tools, paint supplies and knick knacks. She lifted a can of paint that had to have been twenty years old. Beneath it was a gleaming key.



She gripped it in both hands and grinned at Troy. He thought she looked like a demented Cheshire cat but he smiled happily along with her.



She led them up the back stairs quickly and they were in her apartment a minute later.



Troy crossed the threshold slowly. He had never seen someone's home look so much like them. This apartment was Juicy if Juicy was walls a floor and...a giant palm leaf ceiling fan!



Troy stepped inside closing the door silently behind him. Juicy had swept inside kicking off her flip flops, flicking on the light switch and almost running to, what he assumed, was the bathroom.



"I'll be right out Troy. WHEW! I really gotta go! Make yourself at home!" She had a lot of animal print in her apartment. There was a faux zebra print rug in front of a black fur love seat which was opposite a red plush chair and ottoman.



Her home was spotless. Prints of African American scenes covered her walls. There was a bushman spearing a tiger, a momma holding a baby with corkscrewed dredlocks, a man's form folded artfully against a woman's.



Troy inhaled. It smelled good in here, too, like cherry candles. She had a nice size t.v. in a mahogany wood entertainment cabinet. Troy looked at some of the books and cd's she had there. She read a lot, mostly fiction but some autobiographies and medical reference books. He scanned the titles; Reflexology, Art of massage, and many books on hair.



Juicy came back into the room and Troy turned quickly, suddenly feeling really uncomfortable. It was time to go. He needed to go. He walked purposefully to the door.



"Hey, where are you going?"



"Uhm," His lip and jaw twitched and then his eye followed suit. Juicy almost took a step back. What the hell was wrong with him now? "...it's dark. I better get back."



"Well I was going to give you some money for a cab-"



Troy was shaking his head. He shoved his hands in his pocket. "I wouldn't spend good money on a cab. I'm just going to take a bus-" His hand was reaching for the door knob.



Juicy put her hand on her hip in confusion. "Well Troy...this time of night buses run down our street every hour and a half...so you're going to be out there a long time." She sighed. "Look, come in, get comfortable. I'm going to make us something to eat..." When he didn't move Juicy gripped his wrist and physically led him into the living room.



Troy sat heavily on the black fur couch while Juicy picked up the remote and turned on the TV.



"Here's the remote. Watch some cable...and I'm going to change out of these clothes. If you want anything from the kitchen, help yourself." Juicy left the room calling after her. "Don't leave. I might be a minute."



She wanted a long hot bath but was afraid that Troy might sneak out before she made sure that he had money and a full stomach. Because he had taken such good care of her she found that she now felt protective of him. She would have to settle for a quick shower.



Juicy stripped out of the ill fitting clothes. She liked Troy but she did lock the bathroom door first. She then stepped in front of her mirror with her breath held. She didn't remember to breathe again until black spots flashed before her eyes.



Dear...Lord...She was covered from head to toe in purple and black bruises. Her face, that normally showed full and vibrant was swollen and cut in places. Her eyes were...



Juicy inhaled then and blinked rapidly. Purposefully she lifted her eyes to the ceiling and she ran her hands down her stomach and to the mound of short curls between her legs.



She held her breath again and tentatively began an exploration of her most intimate spots for any signs of force.



She ached so bad all over...but not there!



With a sigh of relief Juicy allowed her eyes to fall back to the reflection of herself in the mirror. She was holding her breath again as she tentatively touched the bandages covering her head. Slowly she unwrapped them. She knew exactly where they had drilled into her skull because it was one of the two places on her head that still throbbed dully; that and in back where she’d been struck.



As the bandages unwound, the sight of blood staining them made her feel weak in the knees. She decided to just get it done as quickly as possible. When the bandages were removed she was left with two huge cottons swabs stuck to her scalp. One was in back where she couldn't see, the other was just above her ear.



Juicy carefully removed the cotton from the drill hole in her head expecting a sharp pain. They had shaved away some of her beautiful dreds. Damn.





She couldn't see any drill hole...just a big blood clot. Juicy thought about pouring peroxide on the wound but the idea of it invading her brain was just too much so she settled for grabbing a fistful of clean cotton balls, which she pressed against her head. She didn't have bandages but she did have a clean doo rag. The cotton on the back of her scalp got replaced too, and then she secured the doo rag and covered the entire thing with a shower cap.



Juicy showered quickly then slipped into her bedroom with a towel wrapped around her body. She dressed quickly in a t-shirt and sweat pants. She put on her comfy fur slippers and went out to the living room, lips prepared to apologize for how long she had taken.



But Troy was in a deep sleep. He had curled up into a fetal position with his feet hanging off the end of the couch. He was even cradling one of the fur couch pillows...



Oh. He was so cute.



That thought made Juicy take a step back and walk out of the room. She had not just thought that, had she?





She walked into the kitchen and robotically began preparing a meal. Juicy had never thought any white man was cute. Ever. A man, to her, was black and hard...although white men sometimes paid more attention to her then black men did. Black men were so busy trying to get with the high yella girls that they couldn't always appreciate full lips, thick hips and thighs...She wondered if Troy was a white man that appreciated full hips and th-



What in the world was she thinking?! Juicy had never hated people over their color...she didn't really care one way or the other. But after hearing it all of her life she had a tendency to gravitate away from whites.



She glanced over into the living room to see if the clanging of the pan had awakened Troy. It hadn't. He was out cold. Troy...she wasn't going to think of him as Mr. Cracker ever again.



Juicy had some frozen turkey burger patties so she tossed four of them onto her grill pan and sliced up some onions, tomatoes and lettuce. Then she opened a can of baked beans, which she doctored up with a bit of brown sugar, cinnamon, and bacon fat.



When the meal was prepared Juicy ate hungrily then carefully prepared Troy's plate and set it on the cocktail table besides the couch along with a soda pop. She retrieved the blanket from the bag of looted hospital supplies and put it at Troy's feet. Although the idea was in the back of her mind, she refused to linger and watch him sleep. Tomorrow he'd be gone...and that was that.



It was late when Juicy, fully clothed, climbed into her bed. This entire nightmare was beginning to seem like a distant memory. She was suddenly so tired. She was asleep before she could complete that thought.





CHAPTER 4



Juicy's eyes popped open. Something was wrong. Troy was kneeling beside her bed bare inches from her face. Juicy jerked up to a sitting position and yelled. Troy's face had lost its color and a second later he reflexively yelled too.



"What the--? Troy what are you doing?" She had pulled her covers up to her neck and her eyes were wide as she stared at him.



"I—you were so quiet. I just wanted to make sure you were alright." She noticed that he was holding the little mirror from the bathroom in his hand.



She stared at it for a few moments. "You were holding a mirror up to my mouth?"



Troy blushed. "I—yeah..." Juicy couldn't help it, she laughed. She couldn't stop and before long her eyes were streaming tears.



Troy stood up. "I thought you'd be mad because I was in your bedroom."



Juicy tried her best to straighten up. "I'm glad that you cared enough to check on me."



He put the mirror on her neat dresser. "You weren't waking up on your own."



She glanced at the clock. It was just after two. She couldn't seem to get her bearings. Was it am? pm?



Reading her thoughts Troy answered. "It's the afternoon."



"What?!" She scrambled out of bed. "Why'd you let me sleep so late?"



"You probably needed it."



Juicy slipped on her house shoes. "How long have you been awake?"



"Since about seven-"



Juicy straightened her doo rag. Her hand froze in mid tug. "Oh my goodness. I didn't mean to leave you alone for so long."



"It's okay." He shrugged.



"Did you find the food I left for you?"



Troy smiled. "Oh yeah. I ate that. Thank you. I hope you don't mind but I showered and made breakfast."



"No, of course not." Her bedroom was beginning to feel a bit too closed so she went out into the living room where Troy was happy to follow.



"How do you feel this morning?"



She shrugged. "It's hard to say. I woke up so fast that I feel a little jittery."



"Ohhh." Was his response. "Well come on and sit down. I made enough breakfast for you. I put it in the microwave."



"You made me breakfast?"



"Yeah. Sit down." He walked past her to the neat galley kitchen. Juicy watched him moving around comfortably. His longish hair was still a bit damp from his shower and he was barefoot. She liked how at home he looked.



"I hope you like pancakes. I saw that you had syrup." He pressed some buttons on the microwave and then opened the fridge. "Your milk was still good." He glanced at her. "You do drink milk don't you?"



She was so preoccupied by the way his legs looked in his jeans that she missed his question. With a blush she replayed his last words.



"Milk...yes, I love it."



He poured two glasses and placed them on the table in front of her. Then he went back to the microwave. Juicy didn't stop her eyes from admiring his butt. He had enough...



He returned with a plate piled high with pancakes and bacon. Wow! They were picture perfect.



"You made these? From scratch?" Because she knew that she didn't have any pancake mix in the house.



Troy grabbed two plates and some silverware and the syrup while trying to hide his pleased smile. "Well I know a thing or two about a thing or two."



He sat down opposite her and before she could serve herself he placed pancakes and bacon on her plate.



No man had ever served her like that before. After smothering them with extra syrup, she took a big bite of the pancakes...and WOW! They were the best she'd ever had! And that was saying a lot because Juicy liked to eat!



"What is in this...? Banana?" But she didn't have any bananas.



Troy was nodding. "You had a box of instant banana pudding in your pantry. That's the secret ingredient--not so secret anymore, I guess."



"Pudding?" She savored another bite of pancake. "I would have never thought..."



There wasn't one raw spot on the bacon, nor was it burnt; it was just right. Juicy peeked at him.



"Can I ask you a question?"



Troy looked suddenly grim. "Why am I living on the streets?"



Juicy nodded. Troy was crazy in some ways...but really, no more than anybody else that she knew.



"It's like a process, Juice. Not one thing puts you out on the streets." Troy slid a forkful of pancakes slowly through the syrup pooled on his plate. "For me it began when I lived in my parent's house. To make a long story short, I was diagnosed as bipolar. But even before that I already had plenty of problems. I have seizures. I also have very bad migraines and tics.” He peeked at her. “I guess I’m a mess. The medicine didn’t help; made me into a zombie with migraines and tics."



Troy dropped his fork and nibbled on bacon. Juicy watched him curiously.



"Honestly, Juice, I'd rather have all my other problems then be a drooling zombie. So I stopped taking them; cold turkey—which is a big no no in the mental health world. Afterwards, my symptoms became worse than ever. It's like being on those heavy narcotics for all those months messed up something inside of me. I started having seizures more often and the headaches were worse than ever before." Troy's lower lip twitched and he self-consciously covered his chin with his hand.



"My p-p-parents insisted that I get back on the m-m-medication. But you can't understand how horrible it is to be someone else...to know that your f-f-eelings, and your thoughts are all being filtered through drugs. And guess what?! The entire world is okay with that, Juice! Your p-parents are happy that you are someone else!" He looked into her eyes as if he were pleading for her to understand.



Juicy nodded. "I do understand. It has to suck to be something other then what you are."



Satisfied with her response Troy continued. "So I left home. Don't get me wrong. My parents are good people. They really are. I'm not schizophrenic, though. I don't hear voices. I do NOT need to be on hardcore narcotics like lithium. But those doctors' had them convinced that I was a danger to myself...and just all kinds of crap! I had to leave home."



Troy's left eye twitched along with his lip and Juicy nervously looked elsewhere. It was time to change the subject, but he continued to talk.



"You'd be surprised at how distrustful employers are just because someone has a hand tremor or a facial tic, not to mention just blacking out for no reason. It's hard to get a job even at a fast food joint. I tried telemarketing but there were times that I'd start stuttering then out the door I'd be."



"I haven't heard you stutter." Juicy replied, trying to think of something positive to say. Troy picked up his plate and scraped the uneaten portion into the trash.



"A lot of-a lot of the-the-" He blew out a frustrated breath and stared at the trash. He took a deep breath. "A lot of the symptoms that I used to exhibit have faded over the years."





A lot, but not all, Juicy thought.



He returned to his seat at the table. "I stutter, but only when I’m stressed, same with the tics." Troy's lip curled up in a slight smile. "The seizures aren’t that bad, really. I just get a little confused after, and then I start saying strange things."





Juicy didn't know what to say. Her pancakes had grown cold and she didn't have much of an appetite anymore.



"So that's why you're on the streets?" Juicy rose to dump her food into the trash.



"Not really." She turned to look at him curiously.



"Well, I get a social security check once a month and I can stay in a residential care home. It's paid for by the state. They give you your own place and a home health care aid comes by to check on you at regular intervals." Troy frowned and began drumming his fingers on the table. "But they'll make me take medication...I'd rather be on the streets." Troy shrugged.



Juicy was still holding her plate as she watched him. "Social Security isn't enough to pay for an apartment-?"



"It's enough." Even if he didn’t want the residential care he knew that he could get low cost housing, he knew this because he had already fallen into that trap once before.



Juicy's mouth hung open. "Ooookay. Then why are you on the streets?"



Troy stood up. "Because, THIS," and he spread his arms to indicate her room, her home, her environment. "...makes me nervous. I can't live with all of these...CHAINS!"



A white lather had collected at the corner of Troy's mouth. His normally grey eyes were dark and intense.



Juicy nervously dumped the entire plate, including the silverware, into the garbage.



"Hey, Troy...you should calm down."



Troy inhaled and his shoulders slumped. "You don't have to worry about me, Juice. I would never hurt you."



She chuckled nervously. "I wasn't worried about that." Although that's exactly what she had been worried about. Troy made a humming noise then turned and walked into the living room.



"I gotta go."



He sat down on the couch and began pulling on filthy tube socks. Juicy's guilt flared. He didn't even have clean socks. She had a bag of tube socks. Tube socks were her preference when she had to stand on her feet for hours on end doing hair.



She sat down on the couch next to Troy.



"Throw those filthy socks away. I got a bag of tube socks—never worn. As a matter of fact, I'll wash your clothes. It won't take long. I promise."



Juicy got up with Troy staring after her. She went into her room and rummaged through one of her drawers for the unopened bag of socks. When she turned around Troy was standing behind her.



"Ahhh!" She screamed and almost dropped the socks.



Troy jumped too.



"You know," he finally said. "We make each other kinda nervous. I think I just want to go."



"Well take these socks." He nodded and took the socks. Then he went back out to the living room to put them on.



Juicy rummaged through another drawer until she came up with a bundle of bills. She needed to have spare cash around for when her clients came in needing change. She counted up fifty dollars. 'Is that all your life is worth, Juicy?' she asked herself. She added to that another fifty.



Troy was tossing the old socks into the trash. She thrust the folded bills at him and hoped that he wouldn't count them.



Troy almost took it before he realized that the folded bills were fairly large.



"Man, Juice. Are you crazy? I just thought that you'd give me two or three bucks because of the bus fare. I'm not going to take all of that."



"Troy, please take this money. It's the only way that I know where I can show my appreciation."



Troy shoved his hands into his pocket and looked around uncomfortably. "Juicy. I have to ask you a question."



His sudden nervousness made her apprehensive.



"What's wrong?"



"Are you...a prostitute?"



She gasped, and then she half laughed. "What?!"



"Well, are you?" Troy didn't find any humor in the question.



"No!" She crossed her arms protectively in front of her. She felt like she owed him...but not that!



"Are you a drug dealer then?"



Now she was getting offended. "Of course not. Do you think all black people are drug dealers and prostitutes?"



He shook his head. "But I think people that don't have a job and who have wads of money to give away might."



"What? I have a job."



"Well...you've been in a coma for three days. I understand that you don't have any people. But you didn't make any calls to anybody not even a boss-"



"Oh..." She released a tense breath. She wasn't mad anymore understanding where he was coming from. "Sweetheart, I am my own boss. I do hair for a living here in my backroom. I make a good living at it, too. So you need to take this money. Troy, I can make close to a thousand dollars in a day doing hair." If she put her mind to it she could do that or more. But in actuality she just didn't have enough regular clients to count on for steady money in that amount.



"Jeeeez! Are you serious?" His eyes were like huge saucers. "Hell, Juice, I need to become a hairdresser. You need an assistant?!" He joked.



Juicy relaxed. "What I need is a small business loan, so that I can open my own shop. Will you take this money please? It's only a C-note."



Troy reached out and took the money. He counted the bills and placed all but five singles onto the table. Before she could protest he walked past her.



Juicy didn't want him to go. Strange...he scared her sometimes, but she didn't want him to leave. She trailed behind him and he looked at her over his shoulder with his hand poised over the door knob.



"Are you going to be okay, Juice?"



"Yeah." She shrugged nonchalantly. "I'm going to be alright." She responded boldly. "You go on ahead. I don't want to make you nervous."



Troy opened the door then paused. He closed it.



"There is one favor that you can do for me."



Juicy tried to hide her pleasure. "Sure, anything, Troy."



"Well, since you do hair, I could really use a haircut."



"You want me to cut your hair? Sure. Did you want a perm or maybe highlights-?"



He was shaking his head. "Just a hair cut."



Juicy circled him slowly, studying his hair to see the style that his head was crying for. She reached out and fluffed certain areas with her fingers, other areas she swept back, then forward. It was still a bit damp from his shower and she recognized the tropical smell of her shampoo on him.



"Come on." She indicated for him to follow her into her 'business' room. She had a rolling barber’s chair there. There was another television and some comfortable seating and piles of hair magazines. Beside the chair was a table that contained, what Troy would consider, devices of torture! The room had a smell that he found both foreign and comforting.



"Sit down, make yourself comfortable. I have to go to the bathroom. Be right back."



Troy picked up and examined strange metal combs and wands. He leafed through some of the magazines sometimes in disbelief at the more outlandish styles. Then he reclined in the barber's chair riding it first up then down.



He straightened when he heard Juicy return. She had freshened up, brushed her teeth and fixed up her dreds. Troy noted that she was wearing khaki capris and a rhinestone studded shirt that hugged her large body in a sexy way. She was still wearing her doo rag, but it now seemed somehow decorative.



Juicy turned on the radio and seemed to fall perfectly into a professional persona. She hummed softy and picked up a cape which she draped around his shoulders. With a delicate touch that surprised him, Juicy fastened the cape snuggly around his neck. Troy tried to ignore the sight of her rounded breast just at his eye level.



He hadn't really wanted a haircut. He trimmed his own hair when he got the chance. It wasn't great looking but at least it kept it out of his eyes. But it was the tone of Juicy's voice that had given him pause. He'd been watching out for her for days and it was just hard to cut it off. She hadn't wanted him to go either. That was clear. Maybe she was lonely sometimes, too.



She spritzed his hair from a water bottle as she walked around the chair instead of swiveling it. Every time her breast came into eyesight Troy clenched his hand slightly. She had nice breasts. The thin material showed a slight blue tint of her bra beneath. There was even a bit of nipple impression visible.



"You've been cutting your own hair, haven't you?"



"Huh? Oh. Yeah."



Her hands ran through his hair, slightly grazing his scalp. Troy shuddered involuntarily. God, what was she doing to him...?



She used a narrow tooth comb to gently smooth out his hair. It felt wonderful.



Juicy continued humming then the first snip. Lost in her work she didn't realize that his breathing was shallow and labored and that his eyes were glued to the sight of her breasts.



She hadn't had very much experience with white men's hairstyles. She was happy for the practice. She reached down to lightly tilt his chin upward and noticed two red spots on each of his cheeks. What in the hell was up with that?



Stooping down before him, Juicy dragged down several longish locks of his hair by his temples, paying particular attention to keeping them even.



She took considerable care trimming them with her little scissors. When she looked at Troy again, she caught where his eyes were looking; her breasts. Quickly he met her eyes with an embarrassed curve of his lips.



She just rolled her eyes; typical man. A pair of boobs or a big ass and they lose their ability to think. She moved behind his chair and concentrated on layering the rest of his hair. This way, when it grew out it would still look nice.



Troy sighed softly as Juicy smoothed the hair down by his temples. From her spot above him she could see that his eyes were closed and he was enjoying the haircut. This was the type of client that Juicy loved to have. She decided to give his head a good scratching with her nails. Men loved that shit just as much as dogs did.



She watched him as she lightly scraped his scalp with her nails. He shuddered and his breath came out in a surprised rush. Troy lowered his hand into his lap but not before Juicy clearly saw what his hands had tried to conceal in his lap; a very prominent bulge.



Whoaaaa....Juicy's hand paused in mid scratch and Troy quickly opened his eyes and glanced up at her, embarrassed.



"Uhm...I'm sorry, Juice. It's been a long time since anyone's touched me." Juicy couldn't say one word. That confession was unexpected and out of the blue. That had to have been the saddest thing she'd ever heard. Well, no because who had touched her recently? There hadn't been any good touches for her, either, other than Troy's kind arms carrying her to the hospital and his soothing embrace.



Saddened by both of their predicaments, she let her fingers trail down the sides of his face and over his newly trimmed sideburns. Still standing behind him, Juicy tilted his head further back.



Holding his breath, Troy watched her expectantly; hopefully.



Juicy lowered her own head until their foreheads met. Troy's hand came up and traced Juicy's forearm, then further up until they were locked behind her head.



She felt goose pimples rise suddenly across her skin. He pulled her head down to his lips and he kissed her nose and her eyelids and when her lips were poised over his he swiveled in his chair until they were face to face.



"I'm going to kiss you, Juicy." He whispered.



She didn't breathe. But she didn't pull away either. Troy's lips touched hers.



It was like being kissed for the very first time, or at least the way a first kiss is supposed to be. It was the sweetest kiss that she had ever experienced.



Juicy could feel her heart pumping like mad in her chest. This was crazy. What was she doing?! When she was about to pull away, Troy cupped her face in his hands and his kisses became suddenly sensual. Parting his lips he explored her mouth capturing her voluptuous lips between his own.



Troy tugged her bodily until she fell into his lap. Had she ever sat in any man's lap before? Dear Lord, what was she doing?!



Troy's hands now gripped her waist but he never broke the kiss.



What had started out as so sweet was now transformed into something that caused Juicy's limbs to tingle with desire. Electrical jolts seemed to shoot through her belly only to settle between her thighs where she felt a warm heat rapidly building.



Juicy felt her hand run up Troy's chest and into his hair at the nape of his neck where it was still longish. She had given up on trying to get away from him. And now she recognized the way her body accepted his kiss and the way her nipples tightened when he gripped her as if she were disconnected from herself and watching these events from a distant place.



Troy's tongue luxuriated in the taste of her lips...Juicy, she was. Her lips were succulent. Troy moved his hand up to cup her breast. This was heaven, kissing her and touching her breast. He could stay in this chair with this woman sitting on his lap, kissing her and stroking her breast forever.



And forever it did seem. Juicy was floating somewhere between heaven and earth. When her lips tingled and began to grow numb she finally pulled back. Troy's eyes were hooded and his lips were swollen but he looked as if he could go for another hour of kissing. His hand still held her breast.



Somehow it felt so decadent that he touched her there when they weren't kissing. Seeming to read her thoughts he looked at her beautifully rounded breast. Troy reached up and boldly slid the bra strap down over her shoulders. His hands then glided beneath her shirt and up to the cups of her bra. Using his fingertips he drew them down until her breasts were released but her shirt was still on. Juicy wiggled her arms out of the straps of her bra so that she would not be tangled in the shirt. Troy helped her and when her arms were released instead of exploring her beneath the shirt, he explored with fingers over the thin material. The sight of her chocolate nipples visible through the fabric caused his mouth to open and before he knew it he was kissing one nipple through the shirt, drawing it into his mouth, saturating the thin cotton material. Instantly Troy felt his erection spike harder and it made him suckle harder, clutch her closer.



Groaning Juicy rocked her hips against the stiff cock pressing against her bottom—just a few bits of cloth away from being inside of her. With enthusiasm he rocked upward, meeting her halfway. The idea of what they were almost doing brought her over! Just the thought and she was climaxing and crying out in surprise.



Troy looked at her with wild, frantic eyes. He came to his feet briefly still holding her close and collapsed back onto the end of the barber’s chair with Juicy's legs now straddling his lap. Wildly he began to pump his hips against her as if he were actually entering her. Crying out in pleasure, Juicy rapidly rotated her own hips until she was grinding herself against his hardness, rolling her hips in rhythm with his movements. He was so hard and so big that each time she pressed her core against him she felt deliciously pulverized.



Troy threw his head back and yelled out her name, letting it drag out impossibly long as his own pleasure erupted. Together they rubbed and climaxed until finally they hung onto each other panting, sweating, and satisfied.



Juicy abruptly untangled herself from him and stood up on rubbery legs. Anxiously she looked around but her eyes finally settled on the sight of him sprawled out and panting on the barber’s chair, watching her with hooded, bedroom eyes.



Troy stood up and placed his hands on her arms, rubbing them lightly.



"There's a million things that either of us could say right now. Juicy, just don't say anything. Okay? Because I don't want this second ruined. This is the most perfect moment of my life and I want to remember it just like this."



Juicy lightly bit her lip and watched him.



Troy glanced down and started kicking off his shoes. "I'm going to take you up on your offer to wash these clothes." He pulled off his shirt at the same time that he hopped up and down on one leg and pulled off socks. With no sense of embarrassment, Troy unfastened his pants and pulled them off until he stood there completely naked.



Juicy’s intent was to keep her eyes above his waist but just the one quick glimpse of his nudity made her look twice. His length; the thickness was beautiful.



He held the pile of clothes in his hands. "I'll wash them myself if you tell me where the washing machine is."



He was so cute with the beginnings of his stylish hair cut, now rumpled, and the glow of good sex on his face.



"It's in the basement." She mumbled. Juicy scooped the clothes from his arms and hurried out of the room. "I'll take them down." She called over her shoulder. She slipped on flip flops and hurried around for her little container of detergent and change for the machine.



She could feel Troy's eyes on her and it had a strange effect on the butterflies in her tummy...they felt suddenly like bats!



"Juicy, fix your bra before you go out." He called just before she shut the door soundly behind her.



Juicy blew out a long breath and hurried down to the basement.



'Ohmygodohmygodohmygod...' she chanted. 'I just fucked a crazy homeless man. OHMYGODOHMYGODOHMYGOD...'



Juicy dumped the bundle into the first washer and when her arms were free she covered her face with her hands. 'I AM in a vegetative state. I got hit in the head, I was in a coma and I'm no longer of sound mind and body.' Juicy began to pace. Absently she adjusted her bra. Her left breast felt full and sensitive from Troy's attention. Juicy closed her eyes and covered her breasts with the palms of her hands. But Lordie did he know how to work on some titties, not to mention making her cum like that. What man had ever wanted to kiss her for nearly an hour?



Juicy rubbed the sweat away from her forehead. She reminded herself that Troy was his name; not a homeless guy, or Mr. Cracker. He was Troy. And Troy had done so much good and not one thing bad. And why exactly was she looking down her nose at him? Who was she to look down her nose? Who the hell was she?!



Juicy hung her head down low then she picked up the fallen coins and dropped them into the slot of the washer. She poured detergent over the clothes and started the wash cycle on hot. Slowly she began walking back up the stairs smoothing her hands over her pants. Her panties felt soaked from...her throat went dry.



When she entered the apartment she heard the shower going. In relief she went to the fridge and although she wanted a stiff drink, she settled for a bottled water. She sat down on her black fur couch reclining her head back.



The bathroom door opened a few moments later and Troy stepped out with a towel wrapped around his waist. Her eyes scanned his form. Instantly she forgot about her previous thoughts in her admiration of him. Troy's stomach was flat and well muscled. Where did homeless guys work out?



He spotted her on the couch and came over to sit across from her on the red ottoman.



"Are you okay?" He asked with a bit of trepidation.



"Yes. I am." She offered him a tentative smile. She tried to think of something nice, something positive. “I...uhm...wanted to tell you that you made me feel really...good."



He smiled and sighed. "I could tell. Likewise, in case you couldn't tell."



"Troy, I'm really sorry about yelling at you that day. I was wrong, and I was rude. I'm so thankful that you didn't hold that against me and that you helped me anyway."



Troy's eyes grew wide. "Oh, Juicy, I could never just sit back and listen to another person being hurt. That's just not my way."



"Then there should be more people like you, Troy."



He shook his head and looked away.



"So, does my home really make you nervous?"



After a few moments of thought Troy looked at her. "Yes, because it represents a trap."



Juicy inhaled a deep breath and before jumping to any conclusions about the state of his mind she continued. "How is it a trap?"



"Because...if I used my social security check to pay for an apartment, or house or whatever...then yeah, there's money enough for that. But who has just a house? You have utilities because you have to have lights, heat, electricity. Right?"



"Right."



"And then you have to have something to sleep on, something to sit on—and then that's a third of your check. Why spend a third of your check to have your own place, only to walk in there and it gives you no comfort. Right?"





"Okay, I agree."



"So you see where the trap comes in, Juicy? By the time the average American creates a home that makes them comfortable, they're in debt. My social security check doesn't give me enough to live up to the standards expected of me by society!"



She could see Troy getting passionate about the discussion. She listened without judging. He started counting off on his fingers. "Television isn't good enough, then you need cable or satellite. Telephone is not enough because then you need three-way, call waiting, call forwarding!"



"I hear you. But, Troy, it's your own choice how far you want to get into the...trappings of society."



"How many people do you know, Juicy, that say ‘I can't make my credit card payment, my cable is cut off, a bill collector is calling about my late furniture payment?’ Can I make the decision of how far I will go, or will my desires dictate my needs?" He grimaced. “It’s like those stupid diet drink commercials where they say drink a shake at breakfast and another at lunch then have a sensible dinner. But if you could have a sensible dinner you wouldn’t be fat in the first place, right?!” She was following him but just barely.



Juicy leaned forward. "You're telling me that you'd rather sleep in that boarded up building with the rat droppings and roach carcasses then in your own place? You'd rather be at the mercy of the elements, of criminals, of...disease?"



Troy opened his mouth. "I...I don’t think that I could stand to be trapped. I don’t think I can stand being around too much stuff. I'm okay when I'm crashing in a building, or doorway, or on a cot in a shelter because I can just walk away and leave it all behind. And when it's raining or cold I can stay with friends--I've even used money for a motel for me and a few friends." Troy leaned forward slightly. "Many of my friends on the street aren't broke. They recycle or panhandle or like me, they get social security checks. A lot of street people aren't exactly homeless because they don't know how to get the necessary help. They're on the street because they don't want the help."



"That's how it is with you? You want the streets?"



"Well...I have three grand in the bank. I'm not out there because I have no other choices." And he didn’t even mention the money that he had in Trust. If she knew, she’d call him crazy for sure.



Three grand in the bank?! "God, you are crazy," She said. She had tried to think differently, she really had.



Troy didn't seem angry. "Well...people might say the same about you. You went crazy on me in that alley. Actually, the second time you were there I heard you talking to yourself—I even heard you yelling to yourself. I'm crazy?" He absently waved away her comments. "Maybe. But you are, too."



Juicy made a face and stood up. Troy popped up in front of her. He took hold of her good hand, the one without the cast.



"Don't, Juicy. We can talk without getting mad at each other. I like you...and I just want you to understand me." When she didn't answer he slowly released her hand and took a step away from her. "I guess it doesn't matter." Troy rubbed his hair, ruffling the damp ringlets. Then he shrugged. "There are two worlds. I live in the invisible one and you live in the real one." He raised both palms up in defeat. "Those two worlds don't mix."



Juicy thought before speaking. "I agree with you that there are two worlds, maybe even more. I don't know exactly where I fit in. I'm not really a part of either. Maybe I'm crazy. I guess I am. But I'm trying. I'm trying hard not to judge you. You saved my life-"



"Now you want to save mine?"



She nodded slowly.



Troy secured the fold in his towel then pulled her into his arm. "I don't need to be saved, Juicy, because I'm okay with me."



She closed her eyes and relaxed against Troy's warm body. He squeezed her firmly and carefully nuzzled the side of her head with his chin.



"I can take care of myself..." He paused. "...and if you need me to, I can take care of you, too."



"What does that mean?" She lifted her head quickly to look at him.



He stared at her for a long time before answering. "What do you want it to mean, Juicy?"



"I don't want it to mean anything, Troy." She backed away from him. "I just want to make sure you don't need anything. That's all." She grabbed some change and headed out the door to put his clothes into the dryer.





She thought to herself as she headed down the stairs. Take care of me? The idea wouldn’t easily leave her mind.



When she returned, Troy was sitting at the dining room table waiting for her. "Juicy what happened to you that day that made you so mad? You were almost crying. Why?" She let out a sigh and joined him in the kitchen, pulling out a chair and sitting down opposite him.



"I was trying to get a business loan. I had done my research. I had a business plan, but...I didn't qualify for a loan."



"Why didn't you qualify?"



"No job. No security." Juicy felt a spark of anger but it quickly dwindled away. "I was tossed out of the bank for arguing with the loan officer." She sucked air through her teeth. "I have a real bad temper. But I'm trying to control that now." She lightly rubbed her temples.



"How are you feeling; you know, your head?"



"I still have this headachy feeling but not exactly full blown. My back aches. I guess I'm okay, though."



"Well Juicy, don't assume that you're okay just because the hospital released you." Her eyes flashed nervously at him. Quickly he added. "I just mean that you should go visit a doctor soon to have them examine you. I know the hospital didn't do a very good job. They only focused on your head so if your back hurts then it needs to be looked at." He turned his head and looked at the floor. "I-I-I would also c-c-call the police to see if they c-c-caught th-th-the guys that a-ta-ta-TACKed you." Troy panted with the effort to speak those last few words.



"Troy," Juicy frowned. "Why do you get tics and start stuttering when you talk about the police?"



He met her eyes. "I ha-ha-ha..." He sighed. "HAD some bad experiences with the police."



"They hurt you?"





Troy had gotten that distant look in his eyes again. She had come to associate it with him remembering something unpleasant. What she didn’t understand is that it was the absence seizure, and that he wasn’t remembering anything, least of all the worst beaten that he’d ever received in his life, because he was technically unconscious.





CHAPTER 5





It was, without a doubt, the worst beaten that Troy had ever received--and it was at the hands of the police. That night the police had busted in the crackhouse, gathered everyone that hadn’t scattered away like roaches, he had been too slow. And if not for Kelly, he could very well have died as a result.





***





Troy wasn’t even eighteen years old when he’d walked away from his home, his family, and the only security that he had known. He had come from a comfortable, middle class environment. His life, until his departure, was filled with multi player online role playing games; mostly War of Warcraft. A self confessed computer geek, Troy had very few real life friends. School was just a place that he went because he had to go. He wasn’t a good student, but that had less to do with his learning potential and more to do with being diagnosed as bipolar.





His parent’s were much older by the time that he was born. They had already raised a son and daughter to adulthood. So when Troy came along he was not only a surprise, but had issues that they had no idea how to face.





At times he wondered if things would have been better if he would have been an only child. Then their expectations might not have been so high. Maybe then they could have faced his problems with more openness to his desires instead of relying on the doctors to tell them everything that they would come to accept about his condition.





Dad would say, ‘Troy the doctor says that this medicine will not affect your ability to concentrate in school.’ And when his lack of concentration in school became a nuisance he would tell Dad who would just respond with, ‘Well they said it wouldn’t, son. The doctor’s should know.’





‘Well they are fucking wrong!’ He’d want to yell in annoyance. But of course he never did. And his mother was no better, perhaps even worse. She didn’t even pretend to understand what the doctor’s were talking about. She would just agree with whatever Dad said. If Dad said that the sky is the ocean then she would probably say, ‘Wow when did that happen?’





Troy had no choice but to get away. But where does a seventeen year old computer geek run away to? He would not go to his sister Lorie’s house because Lorie had two small babies and a husband that looked at him as if he had a contagious disease. Bob, his brother, was always buddy buddy with him. They didn’t have a tight relationship since he was twenty-two years older, but he did put forth an effort.





So that’s where Troy headed. Bob was single and maybe he’d let him crash there and help him to get a job. Of course his brother would probably not allow him to blow off his entire senior year. So Troy was okay with the idea of completing his senior year at his brother’s place. Bob was so much younger than Dad, maybe he could understand what he had tried so hard to tell his parents. The drugs were changing him; making him into an un-person.





They had started him on Ritalin when he was a kid. Then he had stopped running around the house and bounding up and down in class. His parents were older and thought that giving him medicine to calm him would allow them the opportunity to take a break from a boy like him; who one minute was running in circles and then the next was staring blankly into space. Years later when the blank stares, tics and stuttering had become a cause for comment from their friends and from his teachers, they sent him to doctors who diagnosed him as bipolar.





It was the beginning of the mood stabilizers and anti-depressants. He didn’t think that he was manic depressive or depressed at all. He thought his moods were fairly stabled. He had seizures and tremors. He wasn’t sure how that equated to being bipolar.





His parents spent a great deal of money sending him to psychologists that would say that his thoughts were disconnected and not cohesive. He would argue that it had a lot to do with the fact that he was on a heavy course of lithium, prozac as well as anti-convulsive medications! Troy didn’t blame the medicine; some people probably needed to take all of that stuff, but not him! He felt like everyone just wanted him to shut up and to go with the program.





Only thing is that he never would.





Troy showed up at Bob’s doorstep two days after running away. Bob immediately grabbed him in a bear hug and then he hurried to the phone to call their parent’s despite Troy’s protests.





‘Yeah, he’s right here, standing in my living room.’





Troy had been very pissed. He had asked Bob not to call them until he’d had a chance to talk to him about how he was feeling and to get shit off his chest. Bob had just acted as if he hadn’t said a word.





He thrust the phone at Troy. ‘Dad wants to talk to you.’ He had written his parents a long and tedious letter detailing the reasons for his departure. Now it was almost like everything had been for nothing.





‘Troy! Why did you runaway?!’





Oh my god…it was for nothing!





‘We’re on our way, you stay right there! Did you take your medicine?’





Oh my god…





Bob paced back and forth lecturing him about how irresponsible he was being, and how Mom and Dad weren’t young and antics like this was bad for them and if he could stop having so many problems…





He said nothing.





When his parent’s arrived Bob gave him a pat on the shoulder as if they had shared a long brotherly moment and he got quietly into his parent’s station wagon and was driven back home. Medicine was dispensed, an appointment to the therapist made and then his parents returned to their routine.





When Troy disappeared the next night, he didn’t bother with a note, phone calls; nothing. He would not contact anyone in his family until his eighteenth birthday some eight months later; and then only for the purpose of having his social security checks forwarded to him.





From that moment on, he would live on the streets with very little. In the beginning it was very frightening. But he learned fast. No one could say that Troy was not a fast learner.





He learned that there were flyers of him posted all over, stating that without his medicine he became confused—a blatant lie, since it was the medication that left him confused. Therefore he could no longer continue being a runaway on the mean streets of Hartford Connecticut, where people drove past him and said, ‘Hey Troy, your Mom and Dad are looking for you.’ So he took a bus somewhere else.





He was a very innocent and naïve kid when he landed in Columbus Ohio. It was the Midwest, so he figured there probably would be no gangs. And Ohio was far away, but not so far that if he wanted to go back home to pick up his Sega Genesis, he would have no problem doing so. He had two hundred seventeen dollars and a backpack on him when he stepped off the bus. He went next door to the nearby grill and spent seven dollars of that on dinner. He walked around for a while, but since it was already dark he returned to the bus terminal and slept in one of the hard plastic chairs. The second day was a repeat of the first, but when he tried to return to the terminal, security recognized him and made him leave.





He was fine with that. He was anxious to begin his adventure. Then he discovered that Columbus Ohio was not a place that one would describe as adventurous. After living in Connecticut he saw Ohio as very boring and devoid of life. There were shops, and cars and houses, but where were the people that milled around at all hours like they had back where he was from?





That night he slept on the side of a darkened building in the dead grass because he was too afraid to remove the boards from the windows and doors unless he got into trouble for trespassing. He searched for work the next day but, no phone number meant no call back and well…that’s that. That night he slept on a park bench, terrified that someone would rob him, or the cops would tell him to move on, but that didn’t happen.





He walked until he saw a man under a bridge. He had a shopping cart evidently filled with his belongings. There were also empty crates high up along the embankment. He supposed that it had been put there by the man as furniture. Maybe he set his beer on it after a long day of panhandling, or pretended it was a TV. He had no idea what the crates were for but he was pretty sure that the guy would be pissed if they went missing. Troy approached him but the man chased him away. Still, it gave him an idea so he started searching for places like that.





For the next few days he lived on a diet of ninety-nine cent burgers and a bottled water that he kept filled from fountains and gas station restrooms. At night, he balled himself into a small corner of some empty building, doorway, or once even a field. Eventually he found an abandoned train station. The station itself was boarded up, but there were several overpasses with crisscrossed paths which would have led the trains to different destinations throughout the country, but now unused, it just left places beneath them that were semi-private and hidden. During the day the place was vacant but at night it began to fill rapidly with bodies of the homeless. They looked at him with wary suspicion and for the most part kept their distance.





One young man did approach him. He had long brown hair, and eyes that darted everywhere at once. Troy thought that maybe he should buy a knife before his money ran out. But the man turned out to be pretty cool. His name was Blue and Blue showed him the ropes. He was a hustler, though and everything was about making money or stealing money. Once he established that Troy was unwilling to suck dick for money, Blue accepted the fact that Troy would just have to be another ally on the streets and not someone he could make an easy buck from.





Allies were almost as good as money.





For the next several months he hung with Blue and his friends. Sometimes they slept at the train tracks, which Blue nixed from happening too often; too easy to be robbed and raped. Troy had been surprised by that. Homeless people got raped? Blue had clarified that homeless BOYS got raped.





Sometimes they crashed along with other people in vacant apartments as if they were squatters. Sometimes there were impromptu parties going on with a DJ and rappers and the atmosphere was like static! They called those RAVES. He had lots of fun, not used to parties since he’d never been invited to any while at home. Of course, it wasn’t always good for him to be where there was so much movement and action as it triggered seizures or migraines.





There were times when they slept in buildings that doubled as crack houses and once some crazy man had robbed everyone by syringe point, stating that the needle was infected with HIV. Of course, he had long ago run out of money.





Once, while he was sleeping in a crack house, a woman had reached over and ran her hands up his leg and over his groin. He peeked at her to see if she might be having some dream, but no, the woman was looking right at him. She was older, not something one would consider pretty, and she was kind of dirty. But hell, he was still a virgin. He decided to roll over and have sex with her the way he’d seen other people do, quietly while everyone else slept, but Blue woke up.





‘What are you doing?’





‘Well…I-uhm-’





‘You’re not going to fuck her are you?’





‘Mind your own business!’ The woman said.





‘Well she touched my dick,’ was his response.





‘Dude, she’s got the virus. Hand job only.’





Troy had flashed her a horrified look. The woman spit at them and then hurried away, but not before Blue kicked her.





‘Bitch! You stank, anyways!’ He screamed before wiping off the spit and rolling back over. Troy just stared after the lady that was now scampering out of the building.





He nudged Blue. ‘Was she trying to give me AIDS?’ Someone yelled for them to shut the fuck up.





‘Who knows?’ Blue murmured. ‘Maybe she just wanted to get off.’ Troy lay there quietly and thanked his lucky stars that he’d found Blue.





Blue had been on the streets pretty much all of his life. He always bragged that he could get off the streets but he would rather have a hustle then a job. He taught Troy where to shower and how to eat and to always stay away from the cops.





In the beginning he had asked Blue if they ever ate out of garbage cans and Blue had been fit to be tied. He told him HELL no and explained that there was too much food around if you knew how to look. Thus came his lesson in stealing.





Troy was not good at stealing. The stress of stealing could trigger a seizure, he had the trembles and bad tics which made him not the most stealth individual, and since he also wasn’t a very fast runner, he would almost always get caught by the person that he robbed. Getting caught normally resulted in a beating.





The first time that he got beat up while on the streets happened when he pulled the wallet from the back pocket of some fat man’s pants. He was surprised to learn that even a man fifty pounds overweight could outrun him! The man punched him in the face several times and once he’d retrieved his wallet kicked him in the gut for good measure.





It was one of the reasons that Troy preferred to just work odd jobs in exchange for money or for food. At night he would go to one of the Chinese restaurants and offer to mop the floors or clean up the bathrooms for a few dollars. More then not he was taken up on his offer.





His favorite place was the bakery. He watched the guys there expertly making up the daily pastries, cakes and cookies. They always gave him free stuff because they really appreciated the fact that he would do all of their cleaning, leaving them to make tons of mess while they focused on baking.





It was the one and only time he ever felt homesick, because the smell of baking bread made him think of family. It had now been three months on the streets but he had no intentions of returning home. His new friends were beginning to feel like family to him; for instance, when Blue first discovered that he had debilitating headaches, he watched his back.





He had gotten one at one of the house parties that they were using as a crash pad. The music, the movement and the crowd overwhelmed him and soon the headache was on him full fledged so that he was unable see or hear. Blue had led him outside into the cool blackness and sat with him in the dark until it was day and he was under no risk of being accosted while alone.





When he could bear the pain, Blue asked him why he didn’t take medicine. He could get medicine for it at the free clinic.





It took him a long time to answer without becoming emotional. ‘Because, without medication I have a few episodes of discomfort and inconvenience and with it there is a lifetime of being a zombie. Which would you choose?’





‘I see what you mean.’ Troy looked at his new friend. Maybe he did know. If not, he would learn as the weeks went on. Anything could trigger a headache or a bad stuttering spell, but worse were the seizures. Troy didn’t have grand mal seizures where he would fall out and lay on the ground in the throes of a fit. No, but people understood those seizure more then they understood his.





His spells left him staring into space and semi-conscious. If he was lucky he was with Blue or one of his other friends when one hit, if not he’d come back to consciousness robbed, beaten, and once he even woke up to some guy trying to pull off his pants. Never much for fighting, Troy’s immediate rage drove him to beat the man bloody, delivering a well placed kick between his legs before he hurried off to the safety of one of the crash pads. It was the first time that he’d ever hit another human being, but it would not be the last.





Troy liked the streets, if for no other reason than the fact that he had people that he could consider friends. For the first time in his life, he wasn’t judged because of his condition. They’d all be sitting around laughing and then the world would turn sideways. He’d fade away into a seizure and when he woke up a minute or two later they would still be joking and laughing and they’d nudge him and fill him in on what he’d missed. They never made a big deal out of it; if they even noticed it happening. But his family had always made his seizures seem like a distasteful act that they had to turn their heads from; as if they were waiting to wipe a toddler’s ass after he took his first dump in the big toilet.





The months moved fast and soon it was his eighteenth birthday. He had told Blue about the social security checks that he’d been getting for years. He would need to call home in order to get the money and that was something he wasn’t up for.





‘So you got all of this money just sitting in the bank?’ Blue had asked incredulously.





‘Well in a Trust. My parents just banked it since I lived with them.’ Now he’d take the money and get a place, find a job, get off the streets, help his friends with a place to crash.





Blue had given him a funny look. ‘You’re going to go home, get your money, and come back here?’ And when Troy had nodded to the affirmative Blue had given him an even odder look. ‘Your parent’s aren’t going to give you that money…even if they haven’t already spent it up on their own. You don’t take your medicine, you don’t do what they want, so they’ll just have you committed as soon as you get home. You don’t need to go back there. Call them and make them send it to you.’





The truth of those words made him rethink everything. So instead of going home, Troy called his parent’s for the first time in eight months. Dad demanded that he come home. Troy had never stuttered so much when he told him adamantly no. The streets weren’t always easy but here he at least made his own decisions.





‘What did we ever do, Troy? We tried our best-’





‘You don’t listen! Eve-ev-even no-now you d-d-DON’T he-he…HEAR me!’ His Dad stopped talking. And he calmed a bit. ‘I don’t w-w-want the me-me-medication. I just w-w-…WANT to b-b-be norm-normal.’





‘You can’t be normal without the medication, Troy.’ Troy closed his eyes. His Dad really believed that.





‘Dad…I’ll c-c-call you back t-t-tomorrow.’ Troy hung up the phone. But he didn’t call back. Blue took him down to the Social Security Administration and he began the process of getting the checks sent to himself directly. The other money would just have to stay in Trust.





With no address he had to have his social security checks deposited into an account. Getting social security then made things both better and worse. Now he had money to blow on pay by the week motel rooms and food for him and his friends. But the money marked the end of his friendship with Blue.





He started getting robbed all of the time; several times each week. He would go into the motel and the TV would be stolen, his clothes disappeared. He had to lay down the law and keep people out of the room except when he was there.





But then one night some people jumped him and forced him to a teller machine at knife point. They cleaned out his account of the last forty dollars that he had. He never had much money after paying rent, buying food and necessities for everybody. Someone would need razors to shave for an interview, a girl needed feminine products, someone needed diapers. Money went super fast and Troy wondered how they dealt with those issues before his social security checks appeared?





The night he had been jumped, he was already on his way to the ATM machine since he’d just used his last buck to buy a cup of coffee. Someone grabbed him roughly by his long hair and pushed him forward. ‘Where’s all the money in that trust?!’ Another guy demanded and he stuck Troy in the side with the knife when Troy told him that he didn’t have access to the trust. That’s when he knew the truth of the robbery and the break-ins; Blue was behind this. He was very happy then that he had left the money in the trust under his parent’s watchful eye; very thankful.





When the robbers didn’t get the money they beat him up and ran off. He sat for the rest of the night with his back against the shop where the ATM machine was located. People who approached it would see the bloodied, battered young man and hurry off to find a different machine.





He didn’t go back to the motel to get his things. They were just things. Things came and things left…And so did Troy. With not a penny in his pocket he left Columbus and headed south. He walked some, went to truck stops and caught a ride with truckers when he could. At the truck stop diners he’d ask if he could mop or clean the bathrooms for food and they would just give him a sack of burgers and a cup of coffee and send him on his way. Sometimes the truckers would ask him to give them a blow job but he always said no. Once a trucker begged him to show his dick for fifty bucks. It was a lot of money just to show his dick so after he got the money—the trucker only had twenty on him--he showed his dick. The man tried to touch it and he jumped out of the truck and ran away.





He wouldn’t get another social security check for several more weeks but he had learned his lessons well with Blue and found places to sleep in abandoned warehouses and buildings. He avoided the shelters unless absolutely necessary. Blue said that men only got a cot and some things in order to shower in the morning, but all of your shit will be gone the first time you close your eyes; even the shoes off your feet.





When he got his next check he got a motel room for the week but discovered that the mattress had bedbugs. He switched rooms, but they all had bedbugs and the motel owner wouldn’t give him a refund. It was a waste of one hundred twelve dollars. It was too much for week by week anyways. He might be able to find an efficiency for less than that…well if he had a job, credit references…





He walked to the train station scratching at the bedbug bites on his arms and feeling like they were crawling in his hair. He knew that he looked like what he was; a bum. But the train station during the day, was a place to stay warm, so that’s where he sat. A kid looked at him. He wasn’t with anyone and he was holding a backpack and looking lost. He walked towards Troy, half scared.





‘Where do you go when you’re hungry?’





Troy thought about all of the things Blue had taught him.





‘How old are you?’





‘Sixteen.’





Troy had seen lots of teenagers on the streets. He sighed. ‘You go home, kid. That’s what you do.’





He was only eighteen. Who was he to call him a kid? But he felt years older. Troy sat there on the bench and tried not to scratch and he shot the day away in a place that was warm. But once it got dark security ushered him on and he went back to his motel room and slept in the shower. Only the roaches got him there.





With the motel as his address he did get hired at a fast food restaurant; until someone saw a bedbug in his hair. Fired. He went to the free clinic and got some medicine for the bites and then kept on moving to another town. Ohio was a big state, but since it was winter he considered getting a bus ticket to Florida or California where he could be a beach bum in shorts and t-shirts.





That was his new plan and then he met Kelly.





It was too cold to sleep in the abandoned buildings and he was considering another vermin infested motel when he decided to scope the underpasses of the bridges. If he found another loner then maybe he could get a line on where to hang out at night for warmth. A guy told him about a crack house and they didn’t care who crashed there. So Troy headed there warily.





You didn’t go to crack houses to crash alone but it wasn’t like he had anything worth stealing so he had tried it. It smelled bad and there were people there getting wasted but they were minding their own business and so he minded his. He found a warm corner and curled up and fell asleep.





The next thing he knew, people were running and flashlights were illuminating the room. Cops! He jumped up but was grabbed by two cops within seconds. As his heart pumped in fear he thought about how jail would probably be ok. It would be warm and there would be food. They loaded him into a cruiser with three others. They were practically sitting on each other and handcuffed with strip ties so it was very awkward. One guy had pissed himself so it smelled bad.





The police ride lasted a long time; a really long time. He looked around at the other faces in the cruiser with him. They were quiet and terrified. The cruisers flashers went out and the car turned down a dark road for several miles before coming to a stop next to an empty field.





The cops were quiet as they pulled open the door of the cruiser and hauled the four men out, forcing them to lay face down on the ground. Troy was terrified. He thought they were going to get shot in the back of the head. Instead the cops began beating them one by one.





It wasn’t just the normal beating that Troy had received on the streets before; punch in the nose, kick to the groin, jab at the kidneys. No. This beating put an entire new perspective to the term ‘ass whupping’.





The men were clubbed, punched, kicked, stomped and then once unconscious the strip ties were removed. When Troy could open his eyes again it was bright daylight and he was stiff with cold. He looked around only to see that he was alone. The others had awaken and gone. He checked his pockets…wallet gone. No surprise there. But someone had also stolen his coat, which was pretty messed up.





He pulled himself up and felt a pain settling sharp and deep in several places; his lower back, perhaps his kidneys, his ribs, his nose, and his jaw. He had never hurt so bad in his life. And he was freezing, perhaps if he weren’t so cold he’d hurt more. Maybe he should be thankful that he’d die of hypothermia and not the ass whupping he’d just received.





It took him hours to get back to the road and no one was too quick to pick up a guy stumbling around in the cold gripping his ribs and bleeding from the face; no one but another cop. He saw the flashing lights and tried to run. All he could manage was just a slow limping shuffle. It was pretty stupid. The cop pulled over; big black guy that looked like he had played professional basketball back in the 1970’s but now had gone to pot. He walked over to Troy as he tried to limp away to the nearby field.





‘Kid. Stop running.’ He was walking alongside of him watching him curiously. Troy stopped and watched him with terror filled eyes.





‘I-I promise n-n-not to t-t-tell.’ He said with a plea in his voice.





The cops eyes darkened. ‘Who beat you like this?’ Troy didn’t say anything. He knew that he was going to get another beating whether he answered or not. The cop sighed. ‘You need to warm up in the car. It’s twenty degrees out here.’ He guided Troy back to the car. He was shaking so bad that he thought he’d fall into a grand mal seizure. Instead of putting him in the back of the cruiser he put him in the front. He cranked up the heat, but it was already warm and toasty and his body reacted violently with more shaking.





The giant officer picked up a thermos and unscrewed the top. The delicious aroma of coffee invaded the car and he poured some of the hot liquid into the cup and passed it to Troy.





‘Drink this.’





Troy gave him an appreciative, suspicious, fearful look. But when he took the coffee, hot liquid burned his hands. He couldn’t hold it, his hands wouldn’t cooperate. The cop took the coffee away and glared at his hands as if they were evil and needed punishment. He gripped one of Troy’s wrists and pushed up the sleeve of his shirt. Angry welts were there from the zip cuffs.





He looked at Troy’s eyes deeply, but didn’t even ask. He then lifted the cup and held it carefully to the younger man’s lips. ‘Drink. Get warm on the inside in order to get warm on the outside. I’m Kelly. What’s your name?’ Troy didn’t know if Kelly was his first or last name, but he answered him truthfully. It wasn’t like he had anything to hide.





Kelly reached over and buckled him in. Troy started getting scared again. ‘Troy, you got a choice here. I can take you to the hospital. They’ll stitch you up, give you a shot of antibiotics, ask for a police report.’ Here he gave Troy a pointed look. ‘…and then send you on your way. Or I can take you to a church I know. They help guys that are down on their luck. They have a doctor on board that will look you over real good, then they’ll give you a meal ticket and a place in one of their boarding houses to sleep. Once you are feeling better they will help you get on your feet.’ He was driving as he talked. The low humming voices coming across the police radio, made a perfect backdrop to Kelly’s deep baritone. ‘Which will it be, son?’





Troy felt tears in his eyes and didn’t know why. ‘The ch-ch-church, sir.’ Kelly pulled up in front of Wesleyan AME Church and led Troy inside. He had thawed out some but was still having a hard time manipulating his hands and standing on his feet. His body felt like a big throbbing exposed nerve! Inside Kelly spoke in a familiar manner with the pastor while Troy sat slumped in a chair. The two spoke quietly and glanced at him, he didn’t know what was being said but after a minute they approached him and Troy stood on shaky feet. Kelly offered his hand. Troy looked at it surprised and then shook it.





‘Got you all set up here, Troy. Pastor Greene will take good care of you.’ Kelly walked away.





‘Thank you.’ He said. He never saw Kelly again. But Pastor Greene and all of the others at Wesleyan were as helpful as Kelly. Pastor Greene had the director of the WHHP come pick him up. The church sponsored the Wesleyan Helping Hands program to help the down and out get back on their feet. The director was Dan Greene, the pastor’s son.





They took him to a local medical center sponsored by WHHP but he had several broken ribs that required him to go to the local hospital. He didn’t want to, would have walked away but Dan promised that he would stay with him and he did. In addition to the broken ribs he had a broken nose, a fractured jaw, and frostbite on his fingertips. He got stitched up, given antibiotics, and released to Dan’s care with instructions that his fingertips may have to be removed if the circulation did not return.





Dan took him back to WHHP and he was assigned a nice room that had a bed, desk and a private bathroom. He gave Dan a surprised look.





‘Sorry it’s not very nice, but it’s just supposed to be a way center until you get back on your feet.’





‘No, it’s…’ Tears came to his eyes. ‘…it’s nice.’





Troy stayed with WHHP for three months. Sensation returned to his fingers and WHHP went about helping him with the task of finding a job, but he wanted to work at the facility. Pastor Greene told him that the purpose of the program was to help him to get transitioned back into society, but when he offered to work in the kitchen for free to pay his boarding, it was an offer they couldn’t refuse.





He was good in the kitchen and felt at home. He got to run it the way he wanted. The church ladies used to take turns cooking, but they gladly relinquished the job to him, teaching him how to fry chicken, make greens, biscuits from scratch and the best beef stew he’d ever eaten.





When he wasn’t working in the kitchen he attended classes; not just educational but therapeutic. He did great in the educational classes, taking his GED test and passing it within weeks.





The therapy was the worst. Again they tried to convince him that he should take medication. ‘The state of Ohio will help subsidize a place for you to live and you will be off the streets, isn’t that what you want Troy?’





He didn’t know what he wanted but he let them help get him into the system and soon he was in a nice apartment. Unfortunately for him, with a real apartment he had to have a real job so he left his beloved kitchen and WHHP got him a job at a telemarketing company that was ‘handicap’ friendly.





He was given medications to relax his brain’s seizure output synopsis. It also relaxed everything else. At night he’d sit in front of his television set and not even know what he’d watched all evening. At work he was tired and yawned all of the time. His hands shook even more than they did before so he got medication. The medication took a long time to work on him because they kept adjusting it. One thing gave him insomnia, one thing made him too sleepy, something else helped with the stuttering and tics but it might make him lose his appetite.





‘Look, I don’t want to take the medication anymore.’ He said to the doctor. ‘I can’t think straight. I don’t have any desire to do things. And I feel sick or high all of the time.’





‘We’ll just have to keep adjusting it until we find the right combination. It’s a work in progress, Troy. And if you come off your meds completely you’ll lose your subsidy.’ He felt like a test subject. Maybe they were even doing experiments on him. That sounded too close to paranoia, but people only call it that because it’s so close to the truth.





Troy stuck with the program for six months, but frankly he hated his job. He never made commission because no one had the patience for the slow talking mutant or the stuttering geek that he sounded like.





The state told him that he didn’t have to work. He could just collect his SSA so he tried that for a while. He met Donna, an older woman that worked as a waitress. She had two kids and tried to move into his one bedroom apartment but when it messed with his SSA he kicked them out. It wasn’t a loss, her kids didn’t listen to him and she stopped having sex with him as soon as she was in his apartment, plus she was just plain mean.





Troy was no longer a virgin but he still hadn’t formed any meaningful relationships with females. It seemed that most of the women he met just wanted to move into his place when it was cold and they disappeared from sight when the weather was nice. And of course, he was always mindful and distrustful of street women because of the virus. Stable women with jobs were few and far between. Once he had an ‘episode’ they flew the coop. Eventually he did lose his housing because too many people were coming in and out. But by that time he was convinced that the entire system was just a trap; tease you with benefits subsidies and make you jump through endless hoops knowing that they will only threaten to snatch everything from you on a whim. Without state benefits then don’t get sick, be forced to find a job that offers insurance and a place to live that won’t wipe out your entire pay.





Yeah, it can be done, by someone who didn’t care enough about material things. But that person wouldn’t care about having an apartment in the first place. And so here he was.





He packed up the few belongings that he wanted to keep and he hit the road. Over the next few years he travelled to Kentucky, and Tennessee, and did odd jobs, worked construction, stood in a field picking tobacco with immigrants, until a trucker led him back to Ohio, where he was when he interrupted the beating of a lone black woman by three street thugs.





CHAPTER 6



Troy blinked his eyes several times and then focused on Juicy, and the topic of the police.





"Not all of them are bad. But th-th-THEIR jobs are to keep the streets clean. I get that. Sometimes when they start to recognize you they take it as a sign to do o-o-o..." Troy was sweating with his struggles. "...other things to you."



"Like what?" She asked feeling that heat of anger boiling up from the pit of her stomach.



"Juicy, never mind. I avoid the cops when I have to." His lip began to twitch and then his neck.



Troy closed his eyes. His face growing pale as the tic intensified and his face began to jerk.



"Are you okay?"



"You g-g-got anything for a headache?"



Juicy jumped up. "Yeah! Hold on." She hurried to the bathroom returning with a huge bottle of ibuprofen. She put it on the table in front of Troy then hurried to the fridge for a bottled water.



With squinted red rimmed eyes Troy struggled with the cap until Juicy took it from his hands and opened it for him. Troy squinted at the bottled water.



"Juicy I need some tap water please. That's going to be too cold." His voice sounded low and pained.



She was really worried now. She grabbed a glass and ran some tap water in it then put it on the table. He was shaking out eight pills into his palms.



Damn, she'd never seen anyone take eight all at once! She almost stopped him before she remembered that Troy knew Troy better than she did.



He swallowed down the pills expertly then with elbows on the table he buried his fists into his hair.



Juicy pulled her chair close to his. Tentatively she put her hand on his shoulder. He flinched at her touch.



"No..." He whimpered softly, "…hurts."



"When I touch you it hurts?"



He grimaced and opened his tightly squeezed eyes. "I'm going to be sick..." He stumbled to his feet and hurried to the bathroom. The towel was still on the chair. Juicy looked at that for a moment then towards the bathroom where the sounds of gagging could be clearly heard.



Troy was in there for a long time then she heard the sound of flushing, water running and last gurgling. He must have found her mouthwash.



His head was hanging low when he stumbled out of the bathroom. It reminded her of how he looked when she had first seen him in the alley with his head low and like he was swimming up from a crack high.



It hadn't been drugs, it had been a migraine!



Ignoring his nudity, Juicy took his elbow, careful so as not to cause him any discomfort.



"You need to lie down." She led him to her bedroom. The blinds were still closed and the room was pleasantly dark.



Troy climbed into bed and lay on his side curled up into a fetal ball. She covered him with a quilt and he didn't protest.



She tiptoed out of the room closing the door behind her. Had she brought the episode on by bringing up unpleasant topics? The idea of it made her feel sick herself. Good or bad, Troy was...different. She should have never pushed him so hard.



As he slept Juicy reluctantly took care of some business, though it was hard to pull her attention from him. Using her home phone, she retrieved the messages from her stolen cell phone. She'd long since learned not to give out her home phone number to clients; learning the hard way that ignorant Negroes will call you morning, noon and night if they wanted their hair done bad enough!



Sure enough, the only messages she had were from her clients and they had blown up her phone so bad that her voicemail was filled. Some had been so mad they had cursed her up one side and down the other for leaving them hanging with nappy heads. A few had sworn never to deal with her sorry ass again.



She was going to have to give some free appointments off of this. She needed her regulars as they were her bread and butter. Checking her appointment book she decided to cancel the next few days of appointments and to contact the ones that had already been missed and get them rescheduled.



When she explained that she had been mugged and just out of a coma a few of those ungrateful heifers had still complained about their inconvenience. She swore to herself that those voicing any complaints had earned themselves a burned ear or neck!



Juicy picked up the ibuprofen bottle, shook out a couple into her own hands. Her head was beginning to ache a bit. Then she went downstairs for Troy's clothes before someone stole them.



She folded them neatly and tiptoed into the bedroom to place them at the foot of the bed. He was sleeping soundly, breathing evenly, and not appearing to have moved at all. Juicy stood there and looked at him.



Troy was so handsome that it made her chest ache. There, she had admitted it. He was beautiful. He was probably the one purest person that she had ever known in her pitiful excuse for a life. What had made him kiss her like that? Was it because he hadn't been laid in at least the last three days? Was it because...maybe he saw something in her that others couldn't...something beyond her loud mouth and bad attitude? In that alley before the attack, he had called her beautiful.



Juicy frowned and shook her head. She left the room and went into the bathroom where she cleaned it from top to bottom, before running a hot bath and soaking away the aches that had settled deep into her bones and muscles. She showered afterwards, allowing the gentle spray of water to rinse her carefully shampooed dreds.



Afterwards she dried herself, and made sure that each golden tress was devoid of water. Then she reapplied cotton balls and secured them with another doo rag. She stared at her naked body in the foggy bathroom mirror and suddenly felt drained…and something more. It wasn't even night, yet she felt as if she'd been up for days. And warring with her fatigue was a need that Troy’s earlier words had awakened.





‘I’m sorry Juicy. It’s been so long since I’ve been touched…’





She almost couldn’t breathe when she thought about how much she, herself, needed someone’s kind touch.





Stepping out of the bathroom, she looked at the closed door of her bedroom, then with her hands crossed over her naked chest she slipped carefully into her room. Troy was still sleeping and he still hadn't changed positions.



Was he breathing?! She hurried over to the bed and relief washed over her when she saw the steady rise and fall of his chest. He looked so content, so comfortable. Could she...could she be with a man like Troy?





‘…I can take care of you.’ He had said.



Never taking her eyes from his form, Juicy slid into bed. She knew what she wanted more than anything else in life right now. She wanted to stroke Troy's naked skin and to soothe his brow. Juicy wanted to kiss his waiting lips and feel him slide into her anxious body. She wanted to feel his hands caress her skin...



But for now, she had to be content to watch him sleep. She did this, examining the stubble on his cheek, the shadows his lashes cast on the pale skin of his cheek, and the dark blond hair that fell across his brow. Before long her eyes drooped. The ibuprofen, the shower, the conversation with Troy, the sex...it had all drained her and she fell asleep watching him, wanting him.





***



Juicy reached up to scratch her arm as something slid across it, making her skin itch, tickling her flesh. When she felt the same sensation slipping across her hip she opened her eyes.



Troy was up on his elbow watching her with clear eyes. Apparently his headache had disappeared and apparently he had been awake for some time. It was his fingers that were tracing the lines of her nudity. He himself was equally as nude as he had pushed the quilt away. Wordlessly he brought his fingers to her lips and touched her there with just the tips.



Juicy blinked and resisted the urge to run away. Instead she placed her hand on the hip that was positioned only inches from her own. She could feel the sudden heat emanating from his pelvis even before she saw the rise of his penis. Juicy slowly scooted closer to him until their pelvises were touching. Troy slid his arm around her and pulled her against him fully and she draped her own arm around him and clutched him. They smiled at each other.





Troy reached up and traced the line of her jaw with his fingertips seconds before kissing her. After a long moment of exploring her mouth, he looked back with a slight frown. His fingers moved to a deep bruise on her hip.





“Does this hurt?”





“Not really.” She murmured. He sat up and leaned over her, urging her onto her back. Then he began to gently kiss her body, his touch light over her bruises. Juicy closed her eyes enjoying his light touch. When he finished kissing the front of her, he had her roll over and he kissed the back of her.





She had peeked at him when he reached the pooch of her belly. He kissed circles around her belly button causing her to giggle and then she sighed. Now he had placed his cheek against the round of her ass, stroking down the back of her thighs.





Her moans grew as her skin became sensitized. She felt him sit up and then he placed his fingers on her lower back, running them down her spine. She trembled.





“How about here? How does it feel here?”





“Feels good…”





“There’s a bad bruise here.” She glanced over her shoulder and tried to see but couldn’t.





“Kiss it.” She suggested.





He did. She started to shake more.





“Troy…” She sighed.





“I’m here.” He moved his body up until he was nuzzling the back of her neck and moving his body against hers. “Juice, do you have any condoms?” He whispered into her ear.





Her eyes opened and reality flooded her senses. So many realities came to mind with the mention of that one word; Condom. “Yes.” She said quickly and moved to reach for her bedside table for a roll of condoms. She handed them to him nervously. Maybe she shouldn’t be doing this…





“I don’t want you to worry about this, okay.” He was still whispering even though he didn’t need to. But his soft words were soothing and she listened intently. “I haven’t made love with anyone in years, Juicy. But every time I go to a shelter, or clinic, I have to get tested. I don’t use drugs and I’m not gay, I don’t…do that.” He paused and stared intently into her eyes. “So, please don’t worry.”





She watched him with openness. “Years? You haven’t been with anyone in years?”





He shrugged slightly and placed his lips on her shoulder. “I don’t really care about that.” His eyes stared deeply into hers. “You don’t…You don’t have a boyfriend?”





“No.” There was no time for boyfriends when you spent as much time as you could doing hair and trying to make money. “No boyfriends, just…well, my dildo.”





“Oh?” He raised a bemused brow. “I’d like to see my competition.”





She buried her face into the pillow and laughed.





He swooped down and kissed her neck and shoulders again and again.





She closed her eyes and sighed, passively allowing Troy to kiss a path down her body. When she felt completely consumed by her own need she turned and cupped his face. She kissed him fiercely. She needed this. She needed to feel this man inside of her.





“Please…” She reached down and gripped his hard cock and now he was the one that trembled. Troy slid easily between her legs and she brought them up and enclosed him against her. Why did this feel so right? His hands were planted on either side of her head, his body not quite resting on her, and he waited for her to guide him inside of her.





Juicy positioned him at her opening and then he pushed forward. “Oh god…” he moaned. “Oh Juice…” His eyes closed as his lips parted. Troy pushed deeply into her and then he sought a tempo as he repeatedly thrust in and out of her. Juicy clutched him desperately, her hips matching his every move and soon their intertwined; one dark, one white resembled a strange ying yang symbol.





They made love for the entire evening using only two condoms though they made love four times. The third time Juicy whispered that she was taking the depo shot and she tossed the condoms across the room to land on the dresser.





Almost desperately, Troy plunged into her, unsheathed. A short while later he cried out his third orgasm of the night as if it were his first. Juicy writhed beneath him, pushing back against each of his thrusts and it was her climax that triggered his responsive ejaculation--almost as if it was the first time they had touched.





CHAPTER 7





Hunger drove them out of bed. After a meal of scrambled eggs and toast, Troy slipped on his freshly laundered clothes while Juicy watched tensely. Of course he would have to leave. He couldn’t just stay in her apartment forever…





He kissed her lips three times allowing his fingers to gently stroke the small of her back. “Go to the doctor, okay? A real doctor. Have them look at the bruise here, it’s pretty bad.”





“I will do that, and I will call the police station and I will rest.” He blushed knowing that he’d repeated this to her several times. “Um…when will I see you again?” It was the question that sounded desperate no matter how off-handed you tried to sound.





Troy had already pieced together that Juicy had to make up a lot of work. There were some things that he wanted to take care of, as well. “This weekend? I’ll come back Saturday.”





Saturday was three days from now. “Ok.”





“Don’t work too hard. And if you start getting a headache, Juicy, don’t just try to work through it. It won’t get better if you do that, only worse.”





This time she opened the front door and let him out. “I will be okay.” He smiled, lowered his head to give her another quick kiss then he bounded down the stairs and out the door. Juicy stood there and watched for a few moments wondering if that would be the last time she’d see the strange, unique man that she’d become so instantly attached to.





Things moved fast over the next few days. She visited her doctor who kept making her repeat everything she’d told him about her attack and hospital stay. When she told him that she had been in a coma for three days and that the swelling in her brain almost caused them to cut out a portion of her skull he just looked at her like she was a damned lie.





Then he wanted to see her antibiotics, and when she responded that she wasn’t on them or any other medication he almost stroked out. She was at the doctor’s for the entire morning. He found several additional fractures and gave her special cleansers for her skull injuries, as well as fresh bandages. He told her to return in a week and to go straight home and get some sleep.





Instead, she went home and did hair until after midnight. The next day she did the same thing, working on hair until the wee hours of the night. But at least by Friday she was caught up and could start rescheduling her regulars.





The night brought terrifying dreams of thugs and beatings. Juicy wasn’t used to being afraid, but there were nights that she would wake up and be frozen in her bed, absolutely incapable of moving. Later, when the panic attack subsided, she would leap out of bed and turn on a light. She was very tired; working all day with only a restless sleep each night.





One morning she sat at her neat table and drank coffee before her first client was to arrive. She thought about Troy and then she wondered if she would be stuck in this apartment doing hair for the next ten years. She wondered how he’d gotten where he was, but mostly she thought about how good he made her feel when he held her and looked deep into her eyes and told her to take care of herself.





“Juicy…it looks like somebody beat you good.” Barbara Jean said, while giving her a distasteful look. Barbara Jean had known her Momma back in the day, and Juicy had been doing her hair regularly since she was seventeen years old. Miss Barbara didn’t tip good since Momma had died, but she was regular income.





“Yes Ma’ame. I just got jumped coming out the bank on Providence Street. Stole all my stuff and landed myself in the hospital for three days.” She repeated the story as she had for the upteenth time.





“Well why didn’t you call me? I would have come by.”





Juicy almost laughed. “Yes Ma’ame.” If I get put into a coma again I’ll remember that.





“Well you best get your locks changed. If those thugs got your wallet then they know where you live.” Juicy’s back straightened. She’d forgotten to call the police. Damn. Would they come back and finish what they had started? Juicy picked up a small towel and wiped her hands clean of pressing oil as she walked out of the room.





“Juicy, girl? Where you going?!” Barbara Jean called out after her.





“Be right back.” She called absently over her shoulder. She quickly dialed the building manager. “You need to come up here and have these locks changed, and I need another key. Yeah I was robbed…What?! No I didn’t give my key to another deadbeat boyfriend!” She slammed the phone down and got something for her headache before returning to her back room.





Miss Barbara Jean was impatiently looking at her watch and some of the other ladies waiting were tapping their feet and looking like they had better things to do. She pierced her lips together as a thought kept nagging away at her. They were going home to look nice for their men, or going to parties, or out clubbing. And all she was going to be doing is pulling in the next client so that THOSE heffas would be having the fun that she didn’t have time for.





Well this really sucked. She hadn’t looked at things in that way before. If she couldn’t get her own shop then she would be stuck in this room doing hair while life past her by.





Several hours later the maintenance man arrived. His nosey ass was trying to cock his head into the back room of her apartment. Yeah, she wasn’t supposed to be holding a business there but, he wasn’t supposed to be poking around either. She never let maintenance into the apartment unless she was going to be home. She was thirty-three and had always lived in apartments. She knew that men could be nasty as hell.





One of her Landlords had gotten busted coming into people’s apartments, drinking up their liquor, and eating up their food. Another maintenance man had gotten caught with his female tenant’s panties…he had tried to lie and say he found them in the laundry, but some of them still had tags.





She looked at the maintenance man with narrowed eyes to let him know not to try making small talk.





“Sounds like you got a party going on.” He waited for her response.





“Looks like you need to get to work.” She turned and went to the back room where she shut the door soundly. Fifteen minutes later he was knocking on the door. She sucked in an annoyed breath and opened the door a crack, blocking his view with her large body.





“Are you finished?” He was trying hard to peek around her. She stepped out and closed the door after her.





“Yeah. Here is your new set of keys.”





“Thank you.”





The older man gave her the once over. “Someone really did a number on you, sista.” She was about to say something smart when he continued. “There’s been some strange white man watching the building. People have been seeing him for the last few days. I hope he ain’t trying to scope-”





Juicy’s heart jumped. “Across the street?”





“Yeah.” He took her excitement as fear. Juicy hurried to the front window and tried to see out. It was dark and she couldn’t see much further then the slight green space that marked the end of the yard. She rushed out of the door before she remembered the maintenance man. She rushed back and ushered him out of her apartment. She kept telling him goodbye and he kept trying to stop her from confronting the perspective thief. Finally she slammed her door shut and hurried past him still clutching her keys. When she got to the bottom of the stairs she smoothed down the front of her shirt and opened the buildings entry door.





She stood there on the stoop trying to adjust to the dark and then she saw him pacing back and forth looking so out of place; one white man in an all black neighborhood. Juicy quickly headed across the street and he watched her with quiet anticipation.





“Why didn’t you come up?”





“Ugh,” came his one word response…if that could be considered a word.





“Huh?”





“Too many people. They come in, but I don’t see them coming out. They stay for hours, then I think, ‘Juicy is busy.’” He shrugged. “So I thought I’d wait until you weren’t busy.”





Her brow went up in surprise. “Troy…you could have come inside and waited.”





He looked at her calmly. “I don’t think so.”





“Well how many days have you been waiting for me?”





He laughed merrily. “I don’t stay all day. When your light goes out I leave.”





Juicy paused and considered his words. “Oh.” She then stared at him when the unspoken question did not illicit an answer. “Why?”





“Because I wanted to come up when you weren’t busy, but you’re always busy until well after midnight.” He gave her an accusing look. “And you promised that you wouldn’t work too hard. I knew that if I came up too late, you’d try to stay up for me. So I left so that you could get some rest.”





She closed her eyes thinking about the nightmares and how she would have loved to snuggle in his arms. She looked up at him again. “But if you would have let me know that you were here I could have sent them bitches home.”





“Them bitches is how you make your money,” came his sincere response. Juicy’s serious expression changed to one of amusement. Shyly she closed the space between them and placed her arms around his body. His arms came around her to hold her tight. He pulled back abruptly and gestured up when she gave him a questioning look.





Them bitches were crowding her apartment window watching her every move. “Damn!” She grabbed his hand and dragged him towards her apartment. She had momentarily forgotten about them.





When the two of them returned to the apartment, the front room was suspiciously empty of nosey customers. She went to the back room where her three remaining customers were pretending to be reading magazines.





“Oh hey, girl.” Miss Brenda feigned a surprised look. “Who’s that white man?”





“This is Troy. He’s the man that took me to the hospital.”





Troy raised a hand. “Hi.”





“Hi.” The three women responded in unison. Good thing Miss Barbara Jean had already left or she would be scowling at him. She didn’t trust white people just as much as Momma hadn’t.





Troy nodded his head, more like it bobbed up and down, and then he turned around and walked away.





“Be right back.” Juicy held up a finger to the room of women, closing the door after her. Troy was pacing slightly in the living room.





“Ok, don’t leave. I just have to finish up, ok?”





He nodded.





“Troy?” She didn’t like his quiet nervousness.





“Yes?” He had a distracted look on his face.





“I’m happy you’re here. Help yourself if there’s anything you need; food is in the kitchen, television in here, shower if you want…or hang out in my bedroom. I’ll be finished as soon as possible.”





He stopped pacing. “Okay. Juicy, you better get back in there.” He spoke anxiously. “Those women look mean.” They kinda scared him the way they stared at him like he was the police. He could picture them ready to fly out of that room, demanding to know why she was out here with him instead of in there with them.





Juicy wished that he wasn’t so odd about things. She wanted him to come inside and cop a seat until she was finished. But she already knew that he wasn’t going to be comfortable until the apartment was empty of her clients. She tried to finish them up quickly but they kept asking questions.





“Who is that white man?”





“I told you that he is the man that saved my life.” But then the shower began.





“Uh-huh.”





She didn’t know how to answer the questions. She still didn’t know who he was to her—other than her friend; beyond that she just didn’t have any answers.





When the last head was finished she quickly ushered that woman out the door. It was just a bit after midnight and she had been going since the crack of dawn. Yes she was tired, but anxious, too. She went to the bathroom and showered. The apartment was quiet which meant Troy would be in her bedroom.





Knowing Troy, wasn’t just about having sex; he wasn’t her boytoy. But she couldn’t help how horny she felt at the idea of him in her bedroom. The memory of his body straining over hers was enough to create a pulse between her thighs that she seldom had time to acknowledge. Opening the door softly she saw Troy in bed sleeping; the covers concealing his lower body, his upper torso enticingly nude.





She slipped into the bed nude as well, and he stirred, turning towards her with a sleepy smile on his face.





“Sorry. I tried to stay up but I guess it takes a long time to do hair.” He reached out and touched one of her dreds; not necessarily because he wanted to feel a dredlock, but so that he could have contact with her; safe, non-pressure contact. He didn’t want her to think that he was a pervert just because he was lying in her bed naked. But one thing he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt is that women did not like homeless men lying in their bed with their street clothes on. So he was careful—with her more than with most, because despite her tough exterior, he could see that she was more hurt than most.





“Tired?”





“Not too tired…” She tried not to look too anxious.





“Not too tired for…?” He smiled slightly.





Her eyes hooded and she reached beneath the covers and ran her hands over his nude body. He shivered, his eyelids fluttering closed.





“Ok.” His sigh sounded like a purr.





She pushed back the covers because she wanted to be familiar with his body. He needed a tan—No. He was pale but he was fine just the way he was. She bent down and kissed his flat nipple. Troy reached out and stroked her hair. Her warm tongue caused his nipple to perk up and soon he felt her teeth lightly grazing his sensitized flesh.





He closed his eyes, enjoying the feel of her mouth on his body. Mmm, he thought, when he felt her lips travel down over his abs. Her tongue flicked and then her teeth nipped and he shuddered. Her felt her fingers wrap around his shaft. Troy’s breath caught in his chest as he arched upward.





“Please…” he whimpered.





“Please, what?”





He struggled to think of the right words.





“Do you want me to taste you?”





He nodded his head rapidly, his face was flushed. “Please…”





Juicy rubbed the head of his cock against her lips before allowing her tongue to circle him. Troy arched even more and his breath came out in pants. She was very tacticle and loved to touch and taste. Juicy marveled at the sight of his perfect cock. It wasn’t huge, it wasn’t small, he was just right, and his tight testicles fit very nicely in her mouth.





Troy didn’t know how much longer he could last but he wanted to show her that it would never be one-sided between them. He pulled from her mouth and when she looked at him curiously he said,





“I want to do you, now.”





She lay back and Troy showed her just how much he enjoyed the taste of her as well.





***





The next morning Juicy had more clients. She explained apologetically that Saturday morning was busy and she had regulars that couldn’t get to her during the week. But usually she was done by one.





“I’m just so busy this week trying to get caught up.” She was lacing up white Keds, wearing flare bottom jeans and two sleeveless t-shirts; one purple, the other light blue. Her make-up was flawless because she had sworn a long time ago that she would never look like a slouch just because her business was in her home. She was wearing big wooden earrings and several colorful bangles and her long dreds were pulled into a ponytail that ran between her shoulder blades. She still wore a doo rag to cover the bandages but despite that and the fading bruises, Juicy knew she looked good. She checked her watch; her first client would arrive at eight which was in about twenty minutes.





“You work too hard.” Troy scowled. He had made coffee and now walked around the apartment in his bare feet, shirtless and holding a mug that said DIVA. Even rushing around to get things in order, Juicy had to pause to admire him and the way the muscles of his flat stomach stood out, and the cut of his pelvis…as well as what was concealed by his jeans. What lay within those jeans had provided her with hours of pleasure last night and once this morning…and there had been absolutely no nightmares.





He stopped pacing and stood right in front of where she was sitting at the kitchen table finishing up with the lacing of her shoes. “You went to the doctor and he said you were ok?” She had already told him the story about the doctor’s total disbelief of her treatment. Her doctor worked in a REAL hospital and not a charity hospital. Still, why didn’t he know that people were treated like animals; worse than animals in other hospitals?!





“He at least took the time to check out everything. So yeah, I think I’m ok.”





“I went to emergency once and was released later that night. I walked out the door and blacked out.” He gave her a grim look. “I had a ruptured spleen and they didn’t even know.”





“Oh my god! How do you get a ruptured spleen?”





You get kicked in the stomach hard enough and long enough then that’s what happens. It was the second times that the cops had caught him where he shouldn’t have been…and that time there was no officer Kelly around to help him out. That time had been very bad. That time it was just him and both cops had taken turns beating and kicking him. They had said, ‘Don’t cross those railroad tracks, boy!’ and he had learned his lesson very well.





The distant look cleared from his eyes. “Ju-ju-ju…” He exhaled long. “Never mind. Just take care of yourself. You are more important than money.” His words struck home more because of the look of frustration in his eyes.





“Okay.” She conceded. She didn’t forget that he had not explained how he got a ruptured spleen but she let it rest. “What do you do?” She asked curiously.





He had walked to the sink and was washing out the used mug. “What do I do? What do you mean?”





“When you weren’t with me…or waiting across the street. What do you do all day?”





“Oh.” He dried his hand on the dish towel. “I needed to go back to the building and check on my things.” He also wanted to look around the alley for any of Juicy’s belongings. Maybe they had thrown away her wallet or maybe some of her belongings had dropped out of her purse. The alley was clear of anything that might belong to her. His abandoned building contained evidence of her assault. This was something that he didn’t like to think about and definitely had no intention of recounting to her. Her blood had stained the dirty wood floor and that along with the fact that she’d been sick had attracted vermin, making it necessary for him to pick up and move his belongings to another place. This time he moved them to a locker at the YMCA, which is where he went to shower—when he cared enough to do so.





“I went to my church for our weekly potluck dinner.”





“Oh cool. What did you eat?”





“Well I cooked.” Juicy tried not to look surprised. He went to church AND he cooked? She was impressed. She hadn’t been to church since being a little kid wearing an Easter dress. “I made chicken pot pie. I used biscuit dough for the top, instead of a pie crust. People seem to really like when I do that.”





“What church do you belong to?”





“Now I’m with Allen Temple AME. Once I told them I cooked at my last church, they recruited me to be in charge of the potluck dinners we have weekly for the homeless.”





She contemplated him quietly. “You belong to an African Methodist Episcopal Church? And let me get this straight; you cook for the homeless?”





He shrugged. “Or whoever; the church, the homeless, guests, friends…” He sat down at the table with her. “I don’t do all of the cooking myself. We have seventy or eighty people that come through. During winter or holidays it’s twice that. One of the ladies made banana pudding, too. Someone else made salad.” He shrugged. “A couple people help out.” He didn’t know why this surprised her so much.





He didn’t mention this, but after the dinner he’d taken the bus to her apartment and saw that people were still showing up even though it was night time. He’d sat in the grass with his head between his knees when he felt a seizure approaching, then he’d gone back to the Y. Troy kept busy, there was always something to do. The next day he had gone to the free store for another pair of shoes. He had also found a perfectly good denim shirt there that could double as a light fall jacket.





Later he had seen a friend who sometimes got very confused about things, so Troy had helped him find some cans and they took them down to King’s Recycling and he had made sure that his friend didn’t get cheated. A lot of other people were hanging out there so he got caught up on the happenings around the city. Sometimes Troy kept off to himself. He had been diagnosed as being bipolar; a diagnosis that he didn’t necessarily agree with, but his condition did tend to cause him to avoid being around people.





One of his friends had a small apartment and he made them chili…it was the worst chili that Troy had ever eaten but his friend had been nice enough to stretch it for the four of them. Again he went on to try to visit Juicy and again she was evidently very busy. He thought about her everyday and wished that he had her phone number. Then he could just call instead of pacing around hoping that she was ok.





He returned his focus on her again, not realizing how distracted he sounded. “Yesterday morning I did some work at a grocery store owned by an older couple that I know. They need me to do some light repair, clean gutters and such.” Sometimes they don’t have money to give him, but that’s cool. They give him food and things that he’d normally have to buy anyways.





Troy shrugged. “I just hang out, do stuff, make money, eat…whatever.” Think about you…





Juicy watched him with interest, and then she glanced at her watch and jumped up. “I need to straighten up the back room!”





“I’ll help you.” He followed her and he quickly and efficiently got the sink cleaned out, wiped off the shelves and straightened the bottles of shampoo, conditioners and other potions. The doorbell rang and Juicy hurried off to let her first client inside. Troy began to panic.





It wasn’t that he was afraid of people. He just didn’t like the idea of being in the way. When the woman entered the back room, chattering away with Juicy, she stopped and looked at him curiously. Troy rushed past them and out into the living room.





“I’ll be with you in a sec.” She spoke to her client before shutting the door and following Troy to the living room. “Troy-”





“Juice, I’ll come back at one.”





“You’re not going to stand outside the building are you? Because I have to tell you that my neighbors are finding that pretty suspicious.”





“No.”





“Well come back at two. Or better yet call first.” She hurried to a sheet of paper and wrote down her phone number. He took it gratefully and hurried out the door.





Damn, she wished that he wasn’t so nervous.





Troy called Juicy at two but she told him that she had fallen behind because of something to do with micro braids, but it was ok because she had charged the heffa two hundred thirty dollars.





“Did you stop to eat?”





“No time. These micro braids are whipping my ass.”





He didn’t know what a micro braid was but he wasn’t happy to hear that she’d been going non-stop since eight that morning.





“I’ll bring you something to eat.”





“McDonald’s? There’s one around the corner.” She gave him her order and then the other ladies wanted him to bring them something and soon he found that he had to go to the ATM to withdraw some cash. When he reached Juicy’s apartment he was laddened down with two large sacks and a tray of super sized drinks.





What really surprised him is that there were only two other women sitting in the backroom and he didn’t understand why three women needed two huge sacks of food and four drinks. But he didn’t ask. He had learned a long time ago that men shouldn’t comment on things like that. He doled out the food and they actually paid him with twice as much as he had spent. Wow…maybe he should be a food deliveryman for beauty shops!





Juicy didn’t actually get finished with her last client until close to five o’clock. She gave him an apologetic look, but it was filled with so much fatigue that he didn’t chastise her. He sat on the couch and rubbed her feet, watching the way her eye lids began to lower as she finally relaxed. Troy had already figured out that Juicy needed someone to take care of her despite what she thought.





***





“Juice, can I talk to you?” She had been pressing Miss Barbara Jean’s hair in her small back room. Three other customers were waiting semi-patiently. Even though it had been weeks since she’d been attacked, it seemed that she was still trying to play catch-up to get to where she had been before her attack. She over-booked but only because people begged her to do their hair, or their daughter’s hair and etc. Troy had gotten the wonderful idea to bake muffins which reduced much of the grumblings of those left waiting for hours.



"Sweetie, I'm kinda busy right now-" Juicy swiped at her sweating brow. Her back hurt and she still had a bandage over her head. She'd been on her feet non-stop for the last six hours.



"Uhm..." Troy entered the room while four sets of eyes glared at him. Having a white man breech their hair secrets was a huge no no. And though he fed them tasty baked goods, that would only get him so far.



He boldly removed the curling iron from Juicy's hand and tugged her arm until she was out in the living room. It made him nervous that it took so little effort to get her to follow.



Miss Barbara Jean’s creased face seemed to wrinkle even more as she pouted. "Juicy, girl, I been here all day. I got things to do! Don't be out there fooling around with that white man all day!"



"Give me one minute!" Juicy called over her shoulder. "You old bitch..." The latter was mumbled under her breath. "Troy! I'm really super busy-"



"Ok." He grimaced. "I know. But you're sick. You shouldn't be doing this-"



"This is how I make my money, baby-"



"I know, but you need some help."



"No shit-"



"No. I mean yes." Troy sighed. "I mean...I can help you."



"No no no. Those women aren't going to let you touch their hair!"



Miss Nita yelled from the other room. "I don't want that white man doing my hair!"



Juicy closed the door to the small room. And that's when Troy told her about the city's Urban Redevelopment plan. He and his friends had been booted from many boarded up buildings because someone had bought them for one dollar. He had discovered a way that he could take care of Juicy, and this was it.



"One dollar?



"One dollar...well...and proof that you can fix it up. Usually the city gives you a low or no interest loan-"



Juicy was already shaking her head. "I don't have any collateral. That's why I couldn't get a loan before-"



Troy placed his hands on her shoulders and stroked them gently. "I have nearly forty thousand dollars in a Trust. And I'm going to invest it in a business endeavor..." Juicy stared at him with opened mouth. "I'm investing it in you...us...our business."



She stared at him in amazement. "Jesus, Troy." Juicy flopped down onto the couch burying her head into her hands. "I can't take your savings!"



"You betta take that white man's money!" Miss Barbara Jean opened the door standing there with half straightened hair.



Troy picked up the tray of muffins from the breakfast bar and shoved them into her hands before urging her back into the room and shut the door again. She gave him an insulted ‘hmph!’ from behind the door. Troy hurried back to Juicy, kneeling down on his knees in front of the woman that he'd grown to love in just the few short weeks that he'd known her.



Juicy smiled and stroked his kind cheek. She'd grown to love him very easily; and this was exactly the reason why. He was completely self-less. What kind of woman would she be if she took money from a mentally ill person, though?



Seeming to read her mind he answered her unspoken question. "Let's face it Juicy. It will take you years to make the money to open your own shop, especially doing it by yourself. And you know that I'm not fit to work a nine to five job. We can be business owners. It's what we both want, right?"



After a moment she nodded. "Right." Then she was able to push back her fears as excitement began to take root. A partnership might work...





CHAPTER 8





He was more tense than ever. He didn’t like Juicy to see evidence of his mental illness. It made her nervous which then made him nervous. This time the source of his tension was the knowledge that in order to get the money, Troy would have to go home for the first time in seven years. He was scared. He remembered what Blue had said all of those years ago; that they could have him committed because he wouldn’t do what they wanted.





Of course, he didn’t want to worry Juicy with these facts. He knew that ‘normal’ people didn’t really want to know about mental illness. They could accept it as long as it didn’t come too close. She was a good thing in his life and he didn’t want anything to mess it up. So he told her only the bare minimum about life on the streets. He had told her about his illness and issues with the medication but downplayed the severity and frequency of his attacks. And he had never told her that he hadn’t spoken to his parents since his eighteenth birthday.





“Juice, gather information on exactly what we’re going to need to open a shop. And I mean real research using a computer, at the library. We’re going to need suppliers and equipment and a real list of prices. When I get back from Connecticut, I’m going to need phone numbers and an up to date price chart for comparisons.”





She gave him an amazed look. “Well I can get most things from the beauty supply shop-”





“Chairs, sinks, those big hair dryer things?”





“Probably not-”





“That’s what I mean. Shop around for good prices, wholesale, secondhand if possible.” He was pacing anxiously. He had a small duffel pack containing nothing more than a change of clothes and some toiletries. He expected to be gone no longer then two days.





“You okay, babe?” Juicy rubbed his arms. “You seem tense. If you’re having second thoughts-”





“No.” He said quickly. He tried to relax. “I just want to make sure that we don’t drop the ball on some small detail.” He sighed. “I’ll call you when I get there.”





Troy sat on the Greyhound bus several hours later. He hadn’t called his parents to explain that he was coming by; he hadn’t wanted anything to sidetrack him…well truthfully, he just hadn’t wanted to chicken out. If he was there, he couldn’t just walk away if things got rough.





Sighing, he reviewed the last words that he’d said to his Dad; ‘I’ll call you tomorrow…’ And that had been over seven years ago. When the train landed in the station he considered calling his Dad to come pick him up, but that would have been too weird. Instead he sprung for a cab, though under normal circumstances, he’d never splurge on such a thing.





He stared out of the window as the driver passed familiar spots, as well as spots that should have been familiar but had changed over the years. He did not want to do this. He did not enjoy being back in this place that marked a time of his life when he had been unsure and in pain. Sure, there had been pain over the years while he lived on the streets. But it was pain based on choices that he had made.





It was dusk when the cab stopped in front of the pretty brick house. He retrieved his duffel bag and stood there on the curb. A light shone through the front window, and it was as it always had been; Mom’s flower garden was without one weed, her roses climbing up the trellis even more plush than ever before. Dad’s Buick was still in the drive-way. He hadn’t gotten a new car in all of these years.





Before he had even taken one step forward, the front door opened and Dad was standing at the doorway straining to see him clearly. He was so old. This was not how he had remembered him. But of course he would have aged; Dad would be in his sixties now. He came forward and Mom was suddenly at his side. They stared, almost in disbelief. He continued up the walkway, stopping just a feet from them.





In just seven short years his parents had aged drastically. Mom was barely recognizable. She looked just like Grandma. Her face was rounded from weight gain and her skin was dull and pale. Her normally coiffed hair was pulled back into a hasty ponytail. Dad was thinner, haggard and there was absolutely no color left in his hair. It was completely white. Had he done this to them? The idea of it caused his stomach to plunge.





“Troy?” His mother said in a shaky voice.





“It’s me, Mom.”





“My god…” She said. “We thought you were dead.” She was holding her hand out to him in disbelief. He closed the space between them and slowly took her hand. He dropped his duffel bag and pulled his Mom into his arms when she began crying.





He looked over at his Dad who had yet to speak. Tears were gliding down his creased cheeks. Troy swallowed back his surprised sob at the sight of his parent’s anguish. What had he done? What had he selfishly done to them?





***





“Do you want something to eat, son?” Mom was moving about nervously. “We just finished dinner but I can heat you some leftovers.”





“No thank you, Mom. I’m not hungry.” He was sitting on the couch and his Dad was sitting in his reclining chair, leaning forward.





“You’re looking good, son.” He said. “You’ve taken care of yourself over the years.”





He didn’t dispute his father’s words, although he knew deep down that that had not always been the case.





His mother finally sat down opposite him in the matching reclining chair. “What happened to you, son? Where have you been all of these years?” He saw his Dad give her a warning look and was unsure what that was about.





“We thought…well that you might have gotten hurt out on the streets, especially when you never called back-”





“…or worse, that…well you know. They say that when you abruptly stop the medication it can lead to suicide.” Dad was staring at his Mother and Troy realized that this is what their fear had been. They had feared suicide; perhaps even that they had driven him to it.





He was shaking his head. “I’m so sorry that you spent all of these years wondering that.” He closed his eyes, almost overcome with emotion. “It was incredibly selfish of me.”





His father stared at him with watery grey eyes. He reached out a hand and placed it over his son’s. “Selfish?” The older man was shaking his head. “No son. It wasn’t you that was the selfish one.” He sighed and gave his son a shaky smile. “Gladys, call Bob and Lorie and tell them that Troy’s home!”





Troy smiled. He was so happy that he had come. And he couldn’t wait to see his brother and sister. Dad took him upstairs. “Are you moving back home permanently, Troy?” He asked hopefully.





Troy gave him a surprised look. “No, just for a short visit.” He didn’t tell them that he planned on leaving tomorrow.





“Okay.” There was disappointment in his Dad’s voice. He opened the door to his old bedroom. “We had to make some changes to your room since the Grandkids come over at times. Lorie has three now and Bob’s gotten married and has two.”





“Wow. I’ve missed a lot.” He looked at his room that now held two beds instead of the one. A lot of his things were gone; the music posters, gaming systems, and most of the personal effects from the bookshelf. The old computer still set on the desk and Troy entered the room with more nostalgia than the trepidation that he thought he’d feel.





His Dad watched him nervously. “We put your things in a box under the stairs if you want them. Your clothes are still in the closet. Mom didn’t want to pack them away unless you came back…and so. Well, just get comfortable and come downstairs when you want. The kids should be here shortly. Bob moved closer in to town when…well, just to help out.” Dad patted him on the back before leaving.





As soon as he was alone he roamed around the room, taking in everything. He checked out the bookshelf, having forgotten all of the little things that had made this place comfortable. For some reason he had to touch everything, even smelling the clothes in his closet. He felt suddenly light headed. This is how he smelled before the streets had driven away the smell of home…





Things moved sideways and for a while there was nothing but his staring eyes as he wavered on his feet. When he came to he had a moment of confusion as he tried to reconcile his past and the present. After a moment he remembered that he was not seventeen. He was soon to be twenty-five and he controlled his life.





Troy checked under the bed for his box of keepsakes. Sitting on the side of the bed, he opened the cigar box, surprised that his mother hadn’t moved them. He picked up the pokemon cards and chuckled that these; his prized possessions were still in their hiding place. He left them out for his nieces and nephews and then dug through the box, rediscovering the little trinkets that had been so important to his childhood. He shook his head, unable to connect to the kid that had saved the ticket stub to the movie The Matrix. Absently he returned the box under his bed, and then he opened the desk drawers finding only some pens and pencils and scraps of paper.





He suddenly remembered. He needed to call Juicy! He hurried out the door. “Dad, I need to make a collect call. Is that okay?” He heard his father’s voice calling up from the kitchen.





“Sure, son.”





Troy returned to his room and made the call from there, dialing Juicy’s cell number since he knew that she’d still be doing someone’s hair.





“Hello?” Came Juicy’s rushed greeting.



“Hi, honey. It’s me.”





“Ooo, baby. Hi. I missed you. Hold on.” She covered the phone and he could hear her speaking in a muffled tone. A few moments later she had returned to the phone. “Hi baby, are you there?”





“Yes, I’m here.”





“How’s your visit so far? Good?”





“Better than I’d expected. It’s great actually.”





“Okay.” She sighed in relief. “Still coming home tomorrow?”





“That’s the plan. Juice, I don’t want to keep you. I know how your clients get. I love you, okay?”





He could hear the smile in her voice when she responded. “I love you too. Bye baby.”





“Bye.” He hung up and heard some commotion downstairs. Ahhh, Lorie and Bob must be home. He hurried down the stairs to the sight of Bob’s angry glare. And the smile that had been plastered on his face, froze and then slipped away.





The older, man pointed a finger at him. His face was angry and red. “Who the hell are you to just show up out of the blue as if everything is ok?! Seven fucking years, Troy! Seven years!”





Mom was trying to soothe her elder son, hovering over him as if he was an overgrown toddler. Dad was staring back and forth from both men, the anxiety on his face was clear.





“Robert!” Bob turned to him.





“No, Dad. He has always been selfish. Everything is always about him; his mental illness, his running away, his psychiatrist! Now he waltzes back into the house as if he’s been on an extended summer vacation!”





A line appeared between Troy’s brow. He came the rest of the way down the stairs until he was in the entryway where Bob was glaring.





“Is that your real problem? That it’s always been about me?”





“My real problem is YOU!”





“Bob please…” Mom pleaded.





“No, it’s okay. Let him speak.” Troy folded his arms in front of him, still frowning.





“My mother and father have spent every day of the last seven years fearing that they had pushed you to suicide.” Bob began pacing, still keeping his younger brother in his angry sites.





“When you called on your birthday, Mom thought that meant that you would come home, get back on your meds and that they could finally save your sorry ass. But then you never called back again! Mom waits for you to call at every one of your birthdays!”





Troy closed his eyes sadly. “I’m so sorry, Mom.” He whispered.





“That’s not good enough!” Bob yelled. “That is not good enough.” His voice was shaking. Troy looked up suddenly. Tears had sprouted in Bob’s eyes. “Y-you…you came to my house that night and I sent you back home.” Bob turned away and rubbed his eyes with his thumb and forefinger.





“You little asshole…you just ran off again and I hoped that you’d give me another chance and come to me, but you didn’t.”





Troy felt his own eyes stinging. He placed his hand on his brother’s shoulder. “I’m sorry.” Bob looked at the hand that rested on his shoulder, and then slowly turned. His face was red from his broken control. He suddenly gripped his brother and hugged him tight.





“God, I was so scared…I thought-”





“I know.”





“No, you don’t know!” He continued to grip his younger brother tightly. “I thought that you were just doing it to get attention. And as soon as everyone was scared to death then you’d come home and try to get your way. Except you never came home.” He suddenly released his brother and looked at him in wide-eyed surprise. “You weren’t doing it to get attention. You left because we had really driven you away.”





He heard his mother’s sharp sob and Troy began to shudder as he felt his own tears coming close to the edge. He finally covered his face and he sobbed in a way that he hadn’t in all of the years that he’d been away from home.





Arms suddenly engulfed him and he, his mother, his brother cried together for all that had been lost, and for all that hopefully would be rekindled.





When Lorie arrived with her husband and three kids, it was to the sight of them in the kitchen heating up leftovers and laughing in a way that she hadn’t seen in many years.





***





The next morning, the family gathered and went out for breakfast. It felt like Christmas, when his older siblings would come and stay over on Christmas eve and then they’d get up early on Christmas day and go out for breakfast.





Lorie kept staring at him over her plate of pancakes. “Troy, I can’t get over how good you look.” He blushed.





“Thanks, Lorie. You don’t look so bad, either.” For a mother of three she looked better then okay. She was in her forties but time had been good to her. She was blond, petite, and had the look of California Beach Babe. He didn’t think her tan or blonde hair was natural, but not many people would know this.





Bob had packed on some weight and he looked like a big, tired, lumberjack. His brown hair was cut short, almost in a military cut and Troy figured it hid the fact that he was balding on top. He was tall; well over six feet and had steel grey eyes, yet there was a look about him that clearly showed that he was jovial and an honestly nice guy. Bob’s wife was a petite, dark haired woman who watched him curiously, perhaps trying to connect him to the selfish bastard that she’d likely heard about from her husband. Then there were the two and four year olds, and Lorie’s three who watched him shyly, all except for Lorie’s oldest who looked at him as if he was the cherry on top of an ice cream sunday.





Fourteen year old Jordan remembered him and kept vying for his attention by saying things like, ‘Look, Uncle Troy’, ‘Guess what, Uncle Troy?!’, ‘Want to hear a joke, Uncle Troy?’ until Troy was chuckling merrily at his new name; Uncle Troy.





“So, what have you been up to all of these years?” Bob had broached the topic that no one had yet brought up. They had waited patiently for Troy to explain the events of his disappearance and he seemed to have no interest in doing so on his own.





He picked up his napkin and wiped his mouth, more as an excuse to stall than anything else. How did he tell his family that he’d been pretty much homeless since running away?





“Well, for a while I didn’t do very well.” He cleared his throat and glanced at the kids, not wanting to go into details, especially in front of Lorie’s eldest as the young girl seemed to hang onto his every word. Also, his disappearance had hurt his family. He didn’t need to add to that pain with too much detail.





“What do you do for a living?” Lorie asked and then blushed as if she had no right to the information.





He smiled in response. “It’s h-hard for me to hold a n-normal job.” Everyone put together the meaning of that and nodded in understand or looked elsewhere. He was unemployed. Troy cleared his throat. It was a true fact and he had come to terms with it. There were just certain jobs that was impossible for him to do. Once he’d gotten a call from a temporary service wanting him to drive a forklift. ‘Ma’ame I have seizures. I can’t operate heavy machinery.’ And she had responded by saying that no one would get hurt since it was inside the building. And Troy’s response had been; ‘When I black out behind the wheel of a one ton vehicle, do you want to be walking on the floor?’





“I’ve done several different jobs, over the years, from fast food, to telemarketing. But currently, I’ve been looking into opening up a business with my girlfriend.”





Bob gave him a happy look. “So you’re involved. That’s good to hear.” Lorie’s daughter didn’t seem to think so. Her pretty face turned down into a pout and she stabbed at her sausage angrily. “Tell us about her.” Bob continued.





Troy’s brow creased again. How did he explain Juicy to someone who had never met her? Well he guessed that he started by telling them about all of the qualities that he loved in her.





“She’s really pretty, but she doesn’t completely know it. She’s funny too, but again, I know she doesn’t try to be. You can look at her and see that something bad has happened to her--in her past. She puts on a tough outer shell; but I can see past it. She reminds me of a hurt kitten; her teeth might bite and her claws might scratch, but they can’t hurt you because you know she’s more hurt and scared than anything else.”





He paused, and looked at everyone. They were intent on his words. “She’s got no children, and she’s older than me; thirty-one, but she doesn’t judge me because of my life on the streets, or because I still get nervous about things. When she found out about my illness she took the time to learn about me, as much as about the stuttering and the tics and the seizures.” Juicy is the first person that ever saw him and damn but he missed her.





He smiled. “She’s a hairdresser and a really good one, the best in the town. I’ve seen her working fourteen plus hour days. And she’s been hurt recently.” He sighed. “I took care of her, and now we’re taking care of each other…which is what love is about. Juicy is black. And where we live in Cincinnati, there is still some racism, mostly against me. They still call me ‘that white man’ even after all of this time. But I don’t mind that, as long as neither of us sees color, and we don’t.”





He stopped talking, knowing that he was probably starting to ramble. No one said a word, they just stared at him. Finally Bob whispered, “Did you say that your girlfriend’s name is Juicy?”





“Oh. Yeah. I know, it’s weird but that is her real name and not a nick-name. At first I couldn’t call her Juicy. You can call her Shanice, if that makes it easier. That’s what I called her at first.” He didn’t miss the fact that their eyes darted around at each other. He wasn’t stupid.





“So…how serious are you and J…Shanice?” His mom asked.





“Well, serious enough that I know I don’t want to be with anyone but her.”





“She seems like a nice girl.” Dad said. Troy hid a smirk. Nice wouldn’t be the way he’d use to describe her, but she had never been unkind to him.





He took a deep breath. He supposed it was time to bring up his real purpose for the impromptu visit. He wasn’t sure why he should be so nervous about it; it was his money after all. “I came home for a purpose; and I’m happy I did because if not for that purpose I might not be sitting here with you all right now. But the reason I came home was because I need to get the money from my Trust.” He nervously slipped some pancakes into his mouth. They tasted like cardboard.





“All of it?” Dad asked. No one else spoke or moved. Even the kids didn’t fidget.





“I’d like t-to g-get it a-a-ALL.” He breathed in a calming breath. Bob gave him a wary look.





“Troy…” He hesitated. “That’s an awful lot of money. I think what Mom and Dad’s concern is, that you are such a nice guy, and that…well…”





Lorie placed her hand over his. “That someone might come along and take advantage of that kindness.”





He looked at his father directly. “Is that what you’re concerned about?”





His Dad gave him a steady look. “No. I have no concerns. That money is yours. It’s always been yours. And if you want it you can take every penny of it.” He gave a pointed look to the others sitting around the table.





“Dad-” Bob began. His father raised an annoyed hand to cut off his comments.





“A long time ago, my son wrote me a three page letter telling me everything that he needed, and everything that he wanted. I ignored what he said because I had my own idea of what he needed and what he should have. I won’t make that mistake again. It’s Troy’s money. He can do with it whatever he pleases.”





“Even if he gives it to some black girl named Juicy?” Bob asked angrily.





Troy’s lips began to twitch. He dropped his silverware on the table and it clanged loudly. “That’s what you’re concerned with, that a black woman might get her hands on my money?”





Bob looked embarrassed and glanced at Lorie for support. Lorie threw up her palms as if to say that he was on his own for putting his foot into his mouth.





“It’s just that your decisions haven’t always been all that great-”





Troy’s jaw clenched. “How do you know, Bob? Tell me how you would have any ideas about my decision making skills?” Lorie’s husband stood and ushered his children away from the table and Mom placed a hand on Troy’s arm.





He ignored it and continued. “Tell me, Bob, how would you survive the winter if you just got let go from your last fast food job because you stuttered so much that you couldn’t take an order—and you’re down to your last fourteen dollars, it’s winter and your choices are A. suck a dick,” His mother gasped and covered her ears. “B. Go to a shelter, or C. Go home to Mom and Dad?”





Bob didn’t answer. “Oh come on Bob, the clock is ticking!” He spat angrily. “Let’s hear your great decision making skills!” People in the restaurant were beginning to take notice of them.





Bob looked down quietly and then finally met his younger brother’s stare. “You made a bad decision in the first place by leaving. You should have stayed home, and if you found yourself in a situation like that then you should have immediately come back-”





“BONG! Wrong answer, brother. Because if I had gone home I would have committed suicide inside of a year!”





Bob’s mouth gaped open.





Troy stood slowly and looked around quietly. “Don’t even venture to second guess the decisions that I’ve had to live with throughout my life. Sorry for creating a scene. I’ll be in the car.”





Mom and Dad returned to the car shortly after him and no one mentioned the incident at the restaurant. He didn’t see Lorie and her family or Bob and his. He stared out of the car window grimly. Can families argue and have disagreements and still love each other? He didn’t know. But he hoped that his brother would always love him because he would always love both of his siblings.





They drove straight to the bank where his father transferred every cent of the fifty-two thousand three hundred twenty-two dollars and seventeen cents into his account. Troy gave them a wide-eyed look.





“Interest.” His father winked at him. Then he pulled his son into his arms. “Don’t be mad at your brother. He loves you Troy. And sometimes people don’t know how to separate love from possessiveness.” He released him slowly and Troy nodded.





When they got back to the house Bob was there alone, waiting. Dad did not want to leave his two sons alone but he knew that whatever issues they had to work out, then it had to be done at all costs. He went down into the family room while the two brothers sat in the living room.





Bob cleared his throat. “Are you going back home?”





“Yes. Pretty soon.”





“I see.” Bob rubbed the slight goatee growing on his chin. “Troy…when you were on the streets, did you—did you ever have to suck a dick?” Bob’s face turned bright red.





Troy’s lips turned up at the corners into a soft grin. “No, bro. I didn’t ever suck a dick.”





“Oh thank god…” He gushed.





“You know, Bob, with this money, I won’t ever have to go back to the streets again. And I’ll be living life on my own terms.”





He nodded. “I do get that. It’s hard not to see you as my baby brother.”





“I know.” Bob looked away. “So…you would have…”





Troy knew the rest of that question. “Yes, I would have. Because I couldn’t feel what lay beneath all of the other stuff that medication heaped on top of me. I couldn’t get to my real feelings. Does that make sense?”





Bob nodded sadly. “I’m so sorry, Troy, that I didn’t hear you.”





“I am too; sorry that I ran off and never came back--that I never realized that as I’ve grown, so had you all.”





Bob nodded. “This lady of yours, you’ll bring her home to meet us all?”





He nodded happily. “Yes I will.”





CHAPTER 9



Troy took the bus back to Cincinnati, Ohio and a tight pressure in his chest released when he stepped into the apartment and R & B music was playing over the radio and even though it was closing in on midnight, animated voices could be heard in Juicy’s back room. He opened the door and Juicy dropped the hot comb on the floor and whooped loudly, crashing past one of her customers, bumping a rolling table containing hair potions and sending them scattering onto the floor, only to finally slam herself into Troy’s outstretched arms.





“Mmmm,” he groaned as he lifted her from the floor and spun her into a slow circle before depositing her back to her feet. They kissed for so long that several people cleared their throats and finally Miss Jackie threatened to make a video and sell it to a porn site.





Juicy released him with a glassy-eyed look.





“Damn.” Jackie said. She got up and collected her things. “I’ll be back in the morning. I know what that look means and I ain’t going to have you burning up my neck because you’re trying to rush so you can ‘get some’.”





The woman sitting in the chair patted her unfinished curls. “Yeah, never mind. Ya’ll two go on and take care of ya’ll business. I’ll just sleep pretty tonight and you can finish me up in the morning.”





Everyone cleared out of the apartment and Troy raised his brows suggestively. The two raced to the bedroom.





***





Now that Troy had the money, they found that there was no need for a loan. However, getting the shop together was not easy, not by a long shot. They did all of the labor themselves; painting, hooking up water lines, repairing electrical. The majority of the money could then be used to pay for the equipment and material. Troy knew a lot of people who knew a little bit about a lot of things; electricians, plumbers, dry wall etc. The city streets held a cornucopia of able bodied homeless.





Juicy had found the right area for her shop. It was in the city, not much further then where she’d grown up. She hadn’t been back in the old neighborhood in years, but somehow it felt right that this was the place where her dreams would come true.





She thought about Momma and she thought about Felix as she stared at the rundown building. On one side of the small building was a failing gym. The other was a second hand clothing store, but she smiled lovingly at what was all hers and Troy’s.





She amended that. “No. This is for all of us.” And that included Momma and Felix.





Troy had been in charge of inspecting the building and he said that this one was good. The foundation was solid, there was no mold so no hidden water damage, no termites and the nearby shops kept it safe from hidden predators. He grinned and gave her the thumbs up. Later he approached the city with a request to purchase it for a dollar even though it had not been posted for sale. However, once the city’s inspector’s had shown evidence that the building had been used for drug activities, it was given the ok to sale. They had one year to rehab it. They did it in four months.





Juicy would not be surprised on days when she would enter the building, while it was being rehabbed, to see several homeless men--including her own, sleeping there because they had pulled an all-nighter. She would stare at them with thankful admiration, knowing that she would never see these people in the same light again.





One day Juicy and Troy stood in front of a building. Stenciled across the window was the words JUICY’S HOUSE OF HAIR. She squeezed Troy’s hand.





“You’ve made my dreams come true…” she whispered, her eyes stayed glued to her shop; their shop. Troy was just staring at her.





“Me too.”





Juicy looked at him and smiled.





***





The shop was opened and Juicy had all of her booths rented to some of the best stylists in the city--who then drew in a steady flow of customers. Now, a month later, she was still improving on the pretty little shop. It was pristine, with satiny lavender walls and purple sinks with matching purple chairs. The lounge had comfortable seating and a wall mounted flat panel television. The local R & B radio channel stayed on, playing softly in the background, piped in by hidden speakers. The restroom had two stalls because she intended to have many customers.





Troy was a surprising contributor to the success of the shop. He found that he really enjoyed baking and he had continued his tradition of making homemade brownies, cookies and muffins to take down to the shop for the customers. They had stopped referring to him as 'white man' or 'white boy', and had now given him the nickname of 'candy man'. Troy was unsure of which name he disliked more.



At least he no longer got nervous whenever he walked into the shop and all conversation stopped as if he was the 'Po Po'. He had garnered a grudging respect, if for no other reason than that he wasn't afraid to sit and watch Juicy do her magic on her customers...and the baked goods didn’t hurt.





He stepped into the shop on one pretty spring day holding his carton filled to almost overflowing with baked goods. Juicy had just given him a nice haircut and it was that unruly chaotic look that came from staying up all night or from paying loads of money to a good hair stylist. He was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt that advertised a chain hardware store, yet he looked super sexy.





The ladies, most of which were much older than him, would never admit aloud that they would jump into bed with him, even if he was white and nervous. They got up and hurried to the large carton almost before he had put it down, not wanting to miss out on their own personal favorites. Once the baked goods were gone, there wouldn’t be any more until the next day.





“Candyman, you didn’t bake those double chocolate chip muffins today?”





“No ma’ame. But I do have chocolate chunk chocolate cookies.” He handed a brown paper sack to another woman. “Here Miss Vernetta. These are the dozen butter cookies that you wanted.” The older black woman gave him a smile and then reached into her cleavage for her change purse. She handed him three dollars.



“Thank you, Baby.” She patted his hand.





He shoved the money into his pocket and looked around. “Now if anyone wants me to bake them something specific, write your order down and give it to Juicy. I’ll be here by eight am each day. And I’m sorry, but I can’t make any more chess pies for free because it cost too much.”





There was some grumbling but people were happy with the free pastries that they were eating.





“Ya’ll should start serving free coffee.”





Troy walked from the reception area and into the salon carrying a small lunch box. He gave Juicy a quick kiss. She paused in the act of brushing cream relaxer onto someone’s hair to press her lips to his.





“I’m going to put your lunch in the office.”





“What is it?”





“Meatloaf.”





A woman in another chair looked from Juicy to Troy. “Your man brings your lunch?”





Juicy looked at the woman. “He does lots of things for me…and vice versa.”





“Ooo, I bet!” Someone hooted.





“Ain’t he a little on the young side?” The nosey woman asked. Juicy noted that she was staring after him with just a little too much attention. Hmph! She knew for a fact that Troy wouldn’t know what to do with a scrawny woman.





“He’s older than eighteen, if you must know.” He was all of twenty-five. She was thirty-one, and while that did not make her and old woman, it was a big difference in age to her. Still, the difference in age was the last thing that she focused on, especially when there was so much about him that she loved.





Troy returned from the office, face a little red. He didn’t like when they started talking about him, even if it was just playful. For the most part, everyone liked him, though.





He kissed her. “Bye, Juice. Don’t work too late.” All eyes were on them so he quickly left.





“Damn,” the same woman commented while giving his ass another admiring look. “I should go out and get me a white man.”





“Not all man come that good; white or black.” Miss Vernetta spoke while munching on a butter cookie.” Juicy gave her a surprised yet thankful look.





***





“Juice?”





“Hmmm?”





For once, they weren’t slaving in the shop. They were actually in the living room, snuggled up on the couch covered by blankets with a bowl of popcorn between them. They were watching a DVD movie. TV gave him headaches but he didn’t say anything to Juicy. She needed to relax. She worked way too much. And he was just happy that she didn’t have to be doing hair. He’d even sit through this terrible martial arts movie if it meant that’d she’d be still for a few hours.





“I was wondering about something. I know you don’t like to talk about your past, but don’t you have any family? I mean real family; brother, sister or grandparent’s?” He knew that her parents were both dead. She’d explained about her Mom’s death in a strangely high voice, speaking rapidly as if she was trying not to let the words settle too closely around her. He had never brought it up again. Perhaps this wasn’t the perfect time to bring up something that might be considered unpleasant, but he’d been thinking about the future…





Juicy stiffened. “What?” She glanced at him. “You know that my people are dead—well the ones that matter. I mean, I have an Uncle but I don’t recollect ever meeting him. Plus he lives out of state.”





His arms tightened around her securely and she relaxed. “Okay…but, Juice?”





“Yeah?” She said, a worried look returning to her face.





“I’m your family, right?”





She smiled, face smoothing. “Yeah, Troy.” She snuggled closer to him. They’d been together nearly half a year. There was absolutely no one that she thought more of as family.





That night they made love so slowly that it was almost painful the need she felt for him. Then she had a dream in which she found herself walking. There were people on each side of her but she wasn’t focused on anything but walking. And then suddenly people came to a complete stop, one by one. Juicy looked at them and they just smiled at her, as if encouraging her to continue on her journey. Soon there was no one walking with her. She looked over her shoulder and there were many people that were just standing there, watching her continue on alone.





And she did.





CHAPTER 10





"That woman should be ashamed of herself!" Miss Marcie said, a perpetual grimace ever present on her wrinkled brown face. Juicy wrapped the stiff piece of hair around the curling iron, expertly pumping the handle until there was a smooth curl bouncing beneath her fingertips.



"What did that heffa do now?" Juicy asked, barely listening to the old woman's idle gossip. It was hard for her to focus when she had so much shit cluttering her head. Is that how Troy felt; head wanting to explode?



Miss Marcie continued. "Oh she came out wearing them stretchy slacks, with that big behind of hers! You know that woman shouldn't be prancing around-" Juicy listened as Miss Marcie's voice droned on and on while she threw in a 'hmph' or a 'you don't say?' in the appropriate places.



Finally the last curl was in place and Juicy liberally sprayed Miss Marcie's hair to 'set' the curls. The older woman's face broke into a smile, probably for the first time in a week. "Beautiful." She beamed then paid Juicy who quickly added it with the rest of the day's receipts.



"Alright guys, I'm heading off to the bank before it closes." Several of the workers of the shop just gave each other knowing looks.



"Mmmm, the bank you say." Shandra laughed. "I love the bank, especially when it has a hard dick."



Juicy suppressed a grin and ignored the jibes of her employees, though her face burned that they had peeped her so easily. Just thinking about Troy made her want to slip away and be with him...a perk of being your own boss. However, today, well that wasn't her plan.



She gave final instructions for locking up the shop then she hurried out. As usual she took a long moment to stare at the little shop that was all hers and Troy's. It still amazed her that she was finally the owner of her own business.



Troy had just finished his baking for the evening when she slipped into the apartment. The last item was the orange cranberry muffins which were Juicy’s favorite. He had actually just placed the last golden brown muffin into an oversized food storage container. Now everything felt right in the world. Juicy was home, the apartment smelled of fresh baked bread, and her pretty brown face held a smile that was now so natural as if she hadn't been that 'angry black woman' almost half a year ago.





He stopped what he was doing and gave her a broad smile. Over six months together and he was just getting better looking. Well to her, he was as sexy as a super model with his long lean body and unruly blonde hair and smoky grey eyes! She slipped into his arms, their bodies molding together as perfectly as two pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. "Mmmm, smells good." She murmured absently.





He kissed her neck lightly. "You nibble on a muffin while I nibble on your neck." Passion suddenly flooded her senses at the feel of his lips on her sensitive flesh, and she no longer cared about muffins.



"I have a better place for you to nibble..." Troy didn't need any more encouragement then that, and though Juicy had some things to get off her chest...well hell, it could wait!



Troy allowed his lips to continue to graze her neck. He pressed his pelvis against hers, showing her that he was already hard and would rather do something more than talk.



He tugged her hand urgently, leading them to the bedroom. First he unbuttoned her blouse revealing a DD cup black bra. When he unsnapped it, mounds of breasts spilled from their confines. Troy caught his breath. Her nipples were so swollen that they were the color of a purple plumb and just like a succulent piece of fruit, it called for his mouth! He covered one quickly with his lips, pulling in as much of her breast as he could. Distantly he heard Juicy's moan and he began to strain against the zipper of his jeans.



He gently pushed her back onto the bed, and stripped himself naked but taking much longer to drag down the material of her ankle length linen skirt. His eyes were met with the sight of her matching black French cut panties and his full erection became even fuller. He slid his body against hers, his hands exploring her.



Feeling him lying heavily against her thigh caused Juicy to moan. "I want to taste you." Troy leaned over onto one arm and caressed the swollen head at the end of his shaft. When his fingers were smeared with the clear liquid he offered his fingers to Juicy's lips. Troy watched, his hips rubbing against her thigh until he felt that he'd climax just at the sight of her tongue lapping his fingers.





He quickly slipped his hand from her grasp and used his wet fingers to spread her juicy lips. The smell of her sex caused him to salivate and he quickly lowered himself between her thighs, lapping up as much of her as he could, sucking and inhaling her essence.



After he'd eaten his fill, he slipped himself into her hungry mouth and began to feed her as well. Each had a mutual love of oral sex. There was nothing that he loved more than being able to taste and kiss every inch of her chocolate body. She was a delicacy that he never tired of.





Juicy lapped and sucked him until she felt him suddenly swell. Knowing that he was coming close, she quickly released him and straddled Troy. Afterwards, when she lay spent and nothing more than a quivering mass of sensitized nerve endings, Troy gathered her in his arms and kissed her lovingly and gently, exchanging the flavors of their sex.





"Don't go to sleep, honey." Troy spoke when she yawned. "I made a meatloaf earlier and I want you to get a good meal. I bet you filled up on doughnuts and Coca Cola." He wasn't complaining about her bigger belly and bigger ass...which resulted in bigger tits. But if she was going to gain weight it should be at least due to a healthy diet.



"I'm not getting bigger because I'm fat-"



He flashed her a reprimanding look. "Listen, sexy, that word is not in my vocabulary." He retrieved his pants and slipped them on. "Come on and get dressed. I'm going to heat up dinner." He went into the kitchen. Juicy felt her stomach growl. Yeah she was hungry but it was also part nerves. She slipped on a robe so that she could bathe, but first things first.



She stood in the entrance and watched Troy moving easily about their kitchen...just like that first time he'd made her pancakes. Eating right had caused Troy's form to fill out nicely. He was the type of handsome that caused women to take a double look. It amused her when people realized that they were a couple: He with his tall lean rockstar good looks, and she with her sculptured blonde dread-locks and coal black skin. Juicy was big but had an hourglass form that also got the double-looks. Now that she had learned to listen before leaping, people took the time to look into her almond shaped eyes and notice her heart shaped lips and to see that she was a beautiful woman beneath her brusqueness and anger.



"Troy. We need to talk."



Troy might be slow on the uptake at times, but now he could clearly see that something was worrying her. "Juice, what's wrong? Something happen at the shop?" He thought about those young men hanging around on the corner and cursed himself for allowing her to walk to and from the car that they'd just recently bought. They had gotten a used car because he couldn't stand the thought of her on the bus at night...now he couldn't stand the thought of her walking to her car alone. He still had images of the attack that he’d interrupted. Sometimes that image would wake him in the middle of the night—what if he hadn’t been there? What if he hadn’t run them off?



Juicy took his hands and placed them on her rounded stomach. Troy looked at her confused. What? Was she worried about her weight gain? So she'd gained a bit of weight, but that kind of stuff didn't bother him. She could grow as big as a house and he'd still think she was as pretty as a fashion model because Juicy was his. But...why in the hell was her stomach twitching like that. Did she have an ulcer? She was just under too much stress-



Juicy bit her lip nervously. "I'm pregnant."



Troy looked down at his hands on her rounded belly, the way it swelled with...with his baby. He looked at Juicy in confusion. "But..."



She answered before he asked. "I don't know. I'm on the depo shot and have been non-stop."



Troy looked back down at her stomach. "The medicine they gave you in the hospital. It must have worked against the birth control. A-anti...bi-bi-Otics do that." He began stuttering.



"Troy?" Her brow furrowed in concern. "Are you okay, babe?"



He nodded. "How how how MANY mo-mo-MONTHS?" He was beginning to sweat with the effort to speak.



"Just about five months."



"Five months!" Troy winced and walked into the living room...walked away from her. She couldn’t believe what she was seeing; he had actually walked away from her after she’d told him that they were pregnant…Juicy watched him wordlessly. Yes, she could see that his head was cluttered, because hers was too. But she was still surprised, and maybe a little disappointed that he had not jumped up and down in excitement. She waited, even began to nibble a muffin. Troy rushed back into the kitchen.



"Okay, Juice." He knelt on the floor by her chair. He took her hand. She smiled, her heart racing. "I need some time. I got to get right."



She gave him a confused look, trying to figure out the meaning behind those words. Wasn’t he supposed to be slipping a ring on her finger right about now? "What?"



He closed his eyes and turned his head so that he wouldn't see the disappointment there. "Juice...just...I'll be back, okay?" He stood up and walked out the door.



What...? Juicy stared at the door, long after it had closed.





***





She did not understand why Troy had just left with those few words. It was now the middle of the night and he hadn’t come back or called. They’d been living together since the nightmares had made it impossible for her to sleep through the night without him. Though living together was a slight stretch. He spent his nights with her and during the day, while she did heads, he did whatever homeless people did.





Once they had the shop and there weren’t people running in and out of the apartment, Troy could relax at home. They would lie in bed, snuggled under the quilt, watching a rented movie and Juicy would think, this is what other people do…





Working closely together on the shop had allowed Juicy to see Troy in a different light. Maybe in her world he showed a lot of insecurity, but in his own world, with his friends and working with his hands, he was relaxed and very accomplished. He handled the deliveries, ordering the material, did most of the gutting of the old building himself, and cleaned each night.





Juicy thought she loved him before, but she knew it without a doubt when he put so much effort into making her dream come true.





She looked at the digital clock on the bedside table once again. One am. Where was he?





The next day Juicy robotically prepared for work. Troy still hadn’t come back and that had hurt. But she had to do what needed doing; she had a business to run and soon would have a baby that she might have to take care alone. Could it be that he was so freaked by the idea of a baby that he’d honestly left her? Or maybe he was out on the streets suffering through one of his bad headaches, maybe a seizure or something equally as horrible had happened...Why in the hell didn’t he at least call?!





Grumbling, she went on to work. Even the girl’s idle chatter and gossiping did nothing to help her mood.





“Where are the free muffins?” Someone asked.





Juicy gritted her teeth. “People were eating five muffins at a time and we had to put a stop to feeding greedy-ass people!” The woman gave her a surprised look, but wisely didn’t respond. Juicy put her hand on her hips and tapped her foot in annoyance, staring at everyone in the room until they averted their eyes.





She continued, despite the fact that she had no one to focus her anger on. “And first of all; those are not from a box or from the corner store. Those are fresh made. Second; fresh blueberries cost good money when people gotta be pigs about things!” Juicy put her hands back into the woman’s hair. She pulled the comb through tensely. “So, if you all get hungry then you need to just pack a damn lunch, shit.” She mumbled.





When she got home she hurried through the apartment. Troy wasn’t there and it didn’t appear that he’d been back. Her heart dropped in her chest. ‘This is not going to be a repeat of my mother’, she thought. ‘I am not going to turn into my mother.’ She hurried to the bathroom and got sick. When she returned, she thought about the voicemail and quickly dialed in the code. Yes! There were two messages. The first was from the doctor’s office and she almost skipped it, instead she listened impatiently.





“Miss Robinson, your test results are back. We do need for you to make an appointment immediately to discuss them. You can call Monday through Friday-”



NEXT





“Hi, Juice.” It was him! She began pacing. “Sorry that I left the way I did. It’s not you or…th-the pr-pregnancy. I needed to…” He paused. “…I needed to get some things straight in my head. So I decided to go back home.”





What???? Juicy almost fell down while trying to sit on the couch.





“I’m at my parent’s house. I know you’re at the shop and I know you won’t be happy when you get this message, which is why I guess that I’m leaving it on voicemail instead of calling your cell phone.” He cleared his throat. “But I’ll be back as soon as I get things straightened out. I’ll call you later I love you.” The last sounded like an after-thought and then the call ended.





Juicy stared at the phone. That’s it??? He had gone all the way to Connecticut and all he could say is that he’d be back as soon as he got things straight?! “Go to hell!” She screamed at the phone. He was breaking up with her; the chicken shit! And he didn’t have the guts to do it face to face! Then tears sprouted in her eyes. ‘I can’t believe he just left…’





“GO TO HELL!” She screamed.





She felt lightheaded suddenly and decided to lay on the couch. She fell asleep there, still clutching the phone.



***





"You're not very healthy, Mrs. Robinson." The prenatal doctor said. The older man folded his glasses and gave her a reprimanding look with his faded grey eyes. "You haven't had any prenatal care. You're overweight, you smoke-"



"Smoke? I don't smoke!"



The doctor referred to her chart. "Your file says you smoke. And..." He squinted at her. "And you were a victim of a rape just about the same time of your conception." Now his expression was embarrassed.



Juicy slid off the examining table. "Look, that file is all wrong!" She was wearing a hospital gown that was too small and she gripped it tightly in back. "I don't smoke! AND it was an ATTEMPTED rape! AND it was a month before I got pregnant." What was he trying to imply?



The doctor took a step back, away from the red eyed woman. "Mrs. Robinson, you need to calm down-"



"Pardon me Doctor, for getting a bit upset! But you're reading my medical history and IT'S ALL WRONG!"



"Miss Robinson you have pre-eclampsia. Please calm down."



Juicy held her stomach protectively. "What is that? Is it going to hurt my baby?" Up until that second, her pregnancy was a ‘thing’, now it was a baby, her baby, her very own child.



“That’s what I want to talk to you about.” He guided her back to the examining table. Fear kept her mouth tightly shut. "Sit down, and try to relax. You need to hear what I'm saying. It's essential that you don't allow yourself to become stressed. Pre-eclampsia is high blood pressure but generally shows up in the latter stages of pregnancy. Once the baby is born then the illness goes away." He sighed. "In your case your pre-eclampsia is severe—because you haven't been to a Doctor." That last part was still accusing.



She dismissed his attitude. "But how will that hurt my baby?"



"Pre-eclampsia can prevent oxygen from being delivered to the placenta, which then affects the fetus. Low birth weight is one of the effects. But if it develops into eclampsia, then...the results can be perinatal and maternal mortality."



Fancy doctor words...but Juicy knew exactly what they meant; it could kill her baby and her. Her breath came in shallow gulps and she knew that if she could see herself in a mirror that her color would have gone two shades pale. Perinatal and maternal mortality…



"I'm not supposed to stress out but you tell me I have a condition that could be potentially fatal for me and my baby-" her voice had gone so dry that the words sounded cracked and faint.



"No no no. You don't have eclampsia, at least not yet. And we're going to get your blood pressure reduced in order to make sure that you don't get that. Okay?"



No, it wasn't okay. Not by a long shot. Damn Troy! This was not good for her right now. She inhaled a shaky voice. "What do I need to do?"



"I need to see you twice a week." He was writing something on a pad. "Get some rest, Miss Robinson. I don’t want you doing anything but staying in bed.” Yeah, right, she thought. She read the doctor's chicken scratch as he left the room. It said, 'Take two aspirins daily and stay in bed.'



"Hey! What in the hell kind of prescription is this?" She glared at the empty room since there was no one around to focus her anger at. Aspirin and bed rest?! It was because she was one of the 'invisible' people that Troy talked about! Aspirin and bed rest was going to save her baby’s life?! She dressed and instead of going home she went straight to the library and did her own research on pre-eclampsia.





***





Ok, so the Doctor had been right about resting. Several days ago, when she was getting lightheaded all of the time and feeling tired, she thought she’d better make a doctor’s appointment. Maybe she’d finally developed diabetes or perhaps her blood pressure had gotten out of control. Never in a million years would she have suspected that she was pregnant.





Because she didn’t have regular menstrual cycles due to the depo shot, she had been given an ultra sound. When that nurse said twenty-two weeks, she frantically began calculating in her head. Five months! Hell, that meant that she was over halfway through a pregnancy that she hadn’t even suspected! She had been so anxious to tell Troy. She’d been happy about it. Now, he’d ruined that for her. Now she was just afraid; afraid and angry.



By the time she left the library and the free internet there, it was already dark. She hadn't even gone to the shop at all. She had aspirin at the apartment so she just went home, tired, stressed, angry, in tears...and alone. Juicy didn't even check her voicemail that evening, not wanting to hear Troy’s weak excuses for not being here.





She was willing to concede that he might not be breaking up with her. Maybe he was just confused and needed time. But now, so did she. And how was she going to get time to think things through? And what kind of things did he need to think through?! Whether or not he should be with her, whether or not she should have this baby? Was that why he had that horrified look on his face when she told him just how many months…too far along to end it?!





No. She didn’t want to talk to him. She had just found out some horrific news and she was going through it alone because he had selfishly run off to Connecticut. And no, she had no intentions of telling him. If he cared, then he’d be here and not there. Angry tears appeared in her eyes, but she was too scared to cry. That would be too much stress on her and her baby. Cry…or hold it in; which would be worse, though?





Juicy went into her bedroom, trying to keep her mind carefully blank. She ignored the tears that continued to sting at her eyes until they eventually dried up. She stripped out of her clothes and climbed into bed wearing just her panties and bra. She closed her eyes and was asleep immediately.



When the alarm went off instead of getting out of bed, Juicy knocked it to the floor. Damned thing didn't break. She dragged herself out of bed, opened the window and launched it through the air where it shattered in the middle of the street. Juicy went to the toilet, took her prenatal vitamin, took two aspirin and then climbed back into bed. She slept for another four hours until the trilling of her cell phone dragged her out of bed once again. "Hello..." She murmured.



"Juicy?" It was Ebonique, from the shop. "Girl you alright? We've been calling you all morning! You sound like shit."



"I'm pregnant."



"Oh girl, you and Candyman! Congratulations! But you don't sound too pleased."



"I'm sick."



"Ahhh, morning sickness is a bitch."



"Not that. Pre-eclampsia."



"Ewww, sounds bad, whatever it is."



"Ebonique, just do me a favor and hold it down at the shop for me. Make the deposits nightly, and cancel my appointments. You do that for me and don't screw me over and I'll wave your booth fees for a month."



Ebonique actually made a whooping scream. "You got it, girl!"



Juicy went back to sleep. Her home phone rang repeatedly throughout her sleep and when it was still ringing at 10 pm she opened her eyes, climbed out of bed and unplugged it. Yeah, Troy. I’ll talk to you when I feel like it…





Pushing thoughts of Troy to the farthest corner of her mind, Juicy headed for the kitchen. She was still tired but also starving; having skipped dinner yesterday and sleeping through breakfast, lunch and dinner today. Poking around in the fridge, she found herself craving a cranberry orange muffin and hating herself for it. She took all of the baked good that he had made and threw them in the garbage and then she ate four peanut butter sandwiches and went back to bed.





The next day Juicy dragged herself out of bed. After showering she stood nude in the mirror, staring at herself and poking at her swollen belly. How did she not know that this was a baby and not just fat? She was huge! Well now she wouldn’t need that liposuction that she’d been thinking about.





She dressed quickly and decided to go to the grocery store for healthy food. She moved up and down the various aisles, looking at the packaging, touching the produce, considering how to prepare the meat in a healthy way. She knew what healthy people ate fruits, vegetables and things like that. But she just didn’t want any of this crap. She hadn’t grown up on healthy food but on butter cakes and pigs feet, pinto beans with neckbones…damn, her mouth was watering. What she wouldn’t do for one of those butta butta cakes from her childhood! She scowled at the bundle of raw spinach.





Her face reluctantly straightened when she considered the fact that because she was overweight and had never taken care of herself, that her unborn baby had a life threatening condition. She continued down the aisle with more resolve, bypassing the macaroon cookies. Her cell phone rang shrilly and she looked at the number before answering. Out of state area code. She flipped it open angrily.





“Hello?” came her unfriendly greeting.





“Juicy?”





“Who else would be answering my cell phone, Troy? Yeah it’s me.”





There was an awkward pause. “I’m at my parent’s house. Did you get the message I left for you yesterday?”





“I sure did.” She moved down the aisle, pushing the cart quickly with her free hand.





He paused again. “I wanted to explain about coming here and how things have been for me since I got here.”





Oh? How things have been for him? Her movements down the aisle became more erratic and she clipped the thigh of an older woman who yelped in surprised pain.





“Sorry.” She bit out as she continued.





“What?” Troy asked.





“Troy, I’m at the grocery store, I just ran over an old lady, so I can’t talk and push this big-ass cart at the same time. When are you coming home?”





“Well…that’s the thing Juice. I’m not going to come home immediately. I need to take care of-”





The rest of his words sounded like WAH WAH WAH WAH, as if he was the adult in a Charlie Brown cartoon. She felt light headed again. I’m going to black the fuck out…





No, this is not happening. I am not getting dumped by a guy that lives in boarded up buildings! No I am not going to have to raise this baby alone like my Momma had to raise me…





“Juicy?! Are you there? Hello?”





“Yeah.”





“Did you hear that I’m not going to be home because I’m in treatment for my seizures and tics –WAH WAH WAH WAH- seventy-two hour hold, psychiatric evaluation – WAH WAH WAH WAH – Juicy?”



She had stopped walking and was standing there, skin ashen and a little damp. “Yeah.”





“I gotta go, I wish I can talk longer but…I’ll call you tomorrow. I love you.”





“Yeah.” She murmured, flipping the phone closed. She couldn’t think about groceries right now. Juicy hurried out of the store and to her car where she sat with her head back against the head rest, panting and sweating. After a few minutes, the sweating stopped and her heart wasn’t pounding in her chest. She got out and went back into the store. Mercifully, her cart was still there. She hurriedly paid and went home. On the way she stopped at the bakery and got muffins. She ate three of them even before she got to the apartment.





Juicy climbed into bed, feeling as if she needed to catch up on a lifetime of sleep.





CHAPTER 11





When Juicy was eighteen years old her Momma died; not immediately—it didn’t happen in one day, and perhaps Juicy could consider her mother’s entire life as a slow death. But it was when Juicy was eighteen that marked the end of the life that Jassmina Robinson had once lived.





Juicy had come home from school. It was one of the few days that month that she’d even bothered to go to school. At the age of eighteen she was only in the tenth grade—not because she wasn’t smart enough, but because she just didn’t bother to attend classes. She had absolutely no interest in school. Juicy figured that she could be more productive bringing home money than sitting in a classroom all day while her clients found other people to take their money! Besides, she wanted to do hair for a living, so what good was history and math when she already had her future mapped-out for herself?! Besides, she barely knew what was going on in class. She didn’t do the homework because she was too busy with customers, and she couldn’t study because she didn’t even know where to begin.





However, Momma wouldn’t let her drop out. But now that she was eighteen years old, Momma just couldn’t rule her anymore! She would just have to face the fact that she could legally do what she wanted. As a matter of fact, she had actually been thinking about getting her own place; one with two bedrooms so that she could do heads in one of the rooms. And it would definitely have to be far away from the projects; in the suburbs, maybe.





She would miss her mother because even though Jassmina was a hard woman, Juicy knew that it was because of the hatred in her heart due to her past. There was a saying that Mom is the closet word to god, and Juicy definitely felt that way about her mother. She would never do anything to intentionally cause her mother grief.





And that’s why the last time they’d talked about her dropping out, Jassmina had caused her to back down once again. She had said, ‘Babygirl, if you graduate; get your degree, you will be so happy that you did. But if you don’t, you will regret it for the rest of your life; because I did. If I’d had a diploma, then maybe I would be something more than a waitress in someone else’s soul food restaurant!’





She understood, but if she didn’t drop out, she wouldn’t graduate until the age of twenty-one and by that time they would have to put her out anyway! That was just not going to happen. Her mind was on how god-awful school had been today, and she had no intentions of going back.





She was having a one-sided conversation in her mind in which she argued her case as she dug in her purse for the key. But even before she had put it into the lock, she smelled the acrid, sharp odor of something burning. She jammed it into the lock quickly, almost breaking it off, and then she dashed to the kitchen where the oven was on and black smoke was billowing from it. Coughing she turned it off and cut on the exhaust fan. She opened the oven to see a black aluminum foil bundle. Evidently her mother had been trying to reheat leftovers.





Coughing, Juicy opened the small kitchen window, fanning the air as the black smoke began its slow ascent towards the open air.





“Momma?” She must have run off somewhere and forgotten to turn off the oven, but damn, how did you forget to eat? Juicy walked to the back of the small apartment where one end of the short hallway led to Momma’s bedroom and the other end led to the small bathroom.





Jassmina’s crumpled body lay half in and half out of the bathroom; feet in the hall and head and torso on the linoleum floor of the bathroom. Juicy barreled down the short hall screaming something, while her heart slammed into her ribcage.





She fell to her knees and lifted her mother’s head, placing it on her lap. Her mother looked up at her and there was the froth of spit pooling from the side of her mouth and one eye seemed to stare straight ahead, while the other looked up at her in fear. Juicy didn’t understand how her mother could be looking in two totally different directions and then slowly she realized that half of her mother’s pretty face had slipped…





“Ok, Ma, I’m going to call an ambulance.” She paused waiting for her mother to guide her, instruct her, direct her; something! But Momma just stared at her with that horrified look on her face, her right hand clutched and clawed near her breast in an awkward way. Juicy slowly and gently lowered her mother’s head back to the floor and strangely she had a brief thought that she was so happy she’d scrubbed around the toilet extra good. She hated for her Momma’s head to be so close to the toilet but was thankful that she had cleaned it extra good.





Then she went crashing to the living room where the one telephone was located, a keening desperate sound rising from her chest without her knowing that it was happening. She held the phone staring at the key pads and tried to remember the number to 9-1-1.





She bit her lip and stared at the phone. She decided to call the operator for the number and then she remembered and instead called emergency. No cordless phone, meant that she had to stand there answering stupid question while her mother was laying with her head next to the toilet, staring off into space with one brown eye, and looking terrified with the other.





Finally they were sending out an ambulance and Juicy hurried back to her mother. Again she placed her head into her lap. “It’s going to be alright, Ma, I promise.” She stroked her hair and rocked her gently. “Ambulance is coming and they going to take care of you.” Damn! She thought angrily. Her Momma had lain here for hours…Damn! If she hadn’t been at school…





Jassmina moved her mouth with great effort. Juicy gripped her clawed hand. “Momma, don’t try to talk-”





“JU-” Juicy leaned her head closer. “Hos-” The woman’s throat worked for a moment and she tried again. “Hos-pi-tal.”





“Yes, Mommy, they going to take you to the hospital.”





Her mother nodded slowly. “…wh-where…whi-whi-WHITE…de-de-”





“White devils?”





Jassmina nodded again. “…fi-fired…me.”





“Ok Mommy, I’ll tell them not to take you to that hos-”





Jassmina squeezed her hand. “W-wa-nt…to g-GO!”





Juicy gave her a surprised look. “You want to go to the hospital where they fired you?” Her mother was nodding her head. Juicy stroked her forehead, lovingly.





“Shhh, Mommy. I’m going to take care of everything.”





When the ambulance arrived, Juicy grabbed her mother’s purse because she knew that the insurance cards were there, then she remembered to lock up the house and hurried after them.





Miss Barbara Jean started screaming as soon as she saw her friend on the gurney and she ran along after it, as if it was a casket at a funeral. Juicy saw Momma staring at her with her good eye but she made no attempt to speak to her friend.





The sobbing woman rode in the ambulance with them and Juicy was very close to screaming for her to shut the hell up! But she focused on holding her mother’s hand and talking to her in a soothing voice. She made sure that the ambulance took them to the hospital of her mother’s request and when she softly whispered this to Jassmina, she was rewarded with a half smile.





Miss Barbara Jean proved to be helpful in answering the questions to get her mother admitted while Juicy stood by her side through each portion of her examination. After many tests and after many hours, a doctor informed her that she had suffered a very bad stroke. The damage was extensive effecting her heart as well as several other major organs. However despite the damage and paralysis she remained coherent.





The doctor seemed surprised but Juicy wasn’t. Not even a stroke could set her Momma back too far. Still, seeing her like this affected her. She had never felt more alone in her life. Juicy cried in the bathroom so that her mother wouldn’t know, even though all she did was to sleep and she couldn’t see her while she did that. Still, she didn’t want her mother to hear her in her sleep. The next morning when her Momma woke up, she looked around confused.





Juicy took time to explain all that had happened. She had a drowsy, confused expression. Her face was drawn down on one side, including her eye and someone had mercifully covered it with a bandage. She also had no use of any muscles on the left side of her body and she kept looking at her useless arm as if she didn’t understand it. Juicy combed and brushed her hair and put it into two braids while her mother’s eye closed in pleasure.





That first day she slept more then she was awake and Juicy was able to run home and get showered and to find some phone numbers so that she could call her Momma’s friends. Miss Barbara Jean had already taken care of that, though. Everybody in the neighborhood knew every detail of her mother’s diagnosis! Miss Barbara Jean was a big gossip but at least she didn’t have to go into details about it herself.





After a few days Jassmina was even better, yet her speech was still slow and she still got confused at times. Juicy talked to her in the hopes that she’d talk back. Then one day while she was watching her daughter, Jassmina began pulling at the oxygen mask.





Juicy tried to still her hand. “You need that Momma.” But Jassmina was trying to talk so Juicy held it inches from her mouth so that she could still breathe in the oxygen while she struggled to speak.





“N-n…” She took a deep breath. “Nur-se.”





“You want your nurse?” Juicy moved to the bed controls, where there was a call button for the nurse’s station. Jassmina gave her a tired, yet determined look.





“No! N-nurse!”





Juicy stared at her mother in confusion. She would probably be confused for months to come…maybe even forever. It would be easy for her to dismiss her request, but she really seemed to want this nurse. It took her half the day before Juicy understood what her mother really wanted and that was after the poor woman had exhausted herself and fallen back to sleep.





She wanted the nurse that had been responsible for her firing.





Juicy had returned home to shower, and eat—hospital food was way too expensive…and nasty. When she returned, Momma was awake and she gave Juicy a determined look and began the process for asking for that nurse again.





“Momma,” she sighed. “I know what you want. You want that nurse that they fired you over.” Jassmina nodded.





“Momma, why?”





“N-nurse!”





“She probably doesn’t even work here anymore. That was years ago.” She continued gently.





“W-wa…w-want her!”





She was working herself up again.





“Okay, Momma,” anything to calm her down. But she didn’t know how she was supposed to do this; find a nurse that her mother couldn’t even tell her the name of. And besides, what was she planning to do if she found her? She had an image of her mother rolling out of the bed and stabbing the nurse with a plastic utensil.





Juicy had struck up a conversation with several of the cleaning people over the last few days, but they were all too young to remember her mother. Hell, that was over ten years ago and most of the people that she had met on the house cleaning crew was not much older than herself. She decided to do some asking around and she found an older guy that had worked back when her mother had.





His name was Joe; and when Juicy asked if he remembered Jassmina Robinson, his eyes lit up.





“Oh, that sista looked just like Pam Greer! Of course I remember her.”





Juicy told him that she was her mother and Joe gave her a quick look, almost as if saying, ‘how did you come from that?’ Juicy resisted the urge to scowl and she explained that her mother was now a patient.





Joe was honestly sorry to hear that and asked permission to stop by to pay her a visit.





“I think Momma would like that,” she lied. A lot of people had come to visit her Momma; mostly men, because Momma just seemed to have more true male friends then female ones. However she hadn’t seemed to be particularly happy to see any of them. Maybe she just didn’t want people to see her when she wasn’t at her best. Momma had always been particular about her looks. She dressed as hip as her daughter and was known for being the sharpest lady on the block.





“Mr. Joe, can I ask you a question?”





“Sure, come on, let’s go to the cafeteria and I’ll buy you a something to eat. I’ll give you some meal passes.” She gave him a grateful smile. She wasn’t exactly rolling in the dough since she hadn’t been able to do hair.





“I don’t want the bossman looking at me for standing around shooting the breeze.” His eyes darted about and he seemed to be searching for people hiding in wait to secretly write him up.





Juicy waited until they were in the elevator before she asked the question. “Do you remember how my mother got fired?”





“Oh yeah. That was some bad business there. That was foul, how they offered her up like that.”





“Momma told me the story; about how that nurse had been the one stealing drugs but my mother got fired for it.”





“Yeah. That’s exactly how it happened. We all knew that she was an addict. If you know what to look for, it ain’t easy to hide.”





Juicy nodded. The projects was full of addicts. The doors opened and they strolled at a leisurely pace towards the cafeteria.





“You know,” Mr. Joe spoke thoughtfully. “Sometimes things do come up missing; couple rolls of toilet paper, a blanket or a couple cartons of o.j., and that would be us doing that. I ain’t going to lie about that. I’m sure your Momma got a few of them white hospital blankets at your house.” He gave her a serious look. Juicy nodded. Those were the best blankets in the house, too.





“So yeah, we knew that gal was a druggy but we didn’t think she was stupid enough to steal drugs from the hospital. But then it was coming up missing way too much. She was just careless about it; taking too much.





“Anyway, they called your Momma into the office and said that they’d found evidence that she’d been stealing. They found one of those cardboard wrappers in your Momma’s locker, which was dumb. No one would leave evidence just sitting in their locker. So it was bad enough to be set up, but worse to be set up by your own best friend.”





The two of them were in line, reaching for things to place on Mr. Joe’s tray and her hand stopped in mid-grab.





“My Momma’s best friend?”





“Yeah. That druggie gal and your Momma was tighter then a pair of pantyhose on a fat girl’s legs! Actually, she got your Momma that job before you were even born. They used to hang out, go to lunch, have barbecues on the weekend.”





Mr. Joe slid the tray to the cashier and took a few precious moments to shoot the breeze with the woman before handing over some of his meal tickets.





“You remember Jassmina Robinson?” He asked the older woman. “This is her daughter.”





Juicy wanted to scream for him to complete the story but she politely acknowledged the woman’s questions about her Momma and luckily there were people after them wanting to pay for their food so they were able to move on to a table.





“So my mother was best friends with the nurse?” She prompted.





“Oh yeah. Your momma was always trying to get her help, too. That trifling woman started getting too much suspicion on her, so I guess she did what she had to in order to get it off her; she put it on your mother.”





“Oh…” Juicy shook her head.





“So, yeah, she got escorted out by the police. You know, she could have told on that nurse, but she didn’t. We all offered to back her but she said she wouldn’t have to because her friend would come through for her. Your Momma had been very naive.”





“But why would that lady set up her own friend? She could have set someone else up.” Mr. Joe was shaking his head.





“Nah, we keep our stuff locked up. She only had access to your Momma’s locker. Anything not in a locker would be considered a common area and no one person could be responsible for it. If she was going to pin the drugs on someone she had to make it look like a specific person had been responsible or she would have been under the same suspicion as anyone else.”





Juicy had lost her appetite but took a bite of her burger since Mr. Joe had used his tickets to buy it. “What ever happened to the nurse?” She asked after she fought to get the hunk of food down her dry throat.





Mr. Joe told her the story and Juicy contemplated his words silently. “Mr. Joe. Will you tell the story to my mother? I think—this is the reason that she wanted to come here.”





“Sure I will. I always liked your mother. She was good people.” Juicy gave him a grim look. She had been good people, until a friend had screwed her over.





After lunch, Joe had to go back onto his floor and show his face, but he promised to visit right after. Juicy returned to her mother’s room and placed her hand over mother’s unmoving one. Jassmina opened her eye and gave her daughter a crooked smile. This was the only time that she ever gave a real smile; when Juicy was present.





“Ma, I found a friend of yours that used to work here when you did. Do you remember a guy name Joe?” Her mother didn’t respond but somehow Juicy could look in her eye and see that she did. Maybe her mother thought she was talking. Regardless, Juicy understood her unspoken response.





“Well, he remembered that white devil. He says he will come by and tell you about her. Maybe you two can shoot the breeze about the good ol’ days…” Her mother got a distant look in her eyes. Maybe they weren’t such good days after-all.





Joe arrived shortly after and he had flowers; big ones. He winked at Momma. “Hi beautiful. Remember me?” Momma smiled, but it wasn’t the real one. Juicy took the flowers and held them close enough for her Momma to smell if she wanted—she didn’t. She placed them on the sill where the other flowers were. Joe pulled up a chair and chatted with her, and Juicy could tell that she wanted him to shut up with his chatter and to get to the point.





“Mr. Joe…I think my Mom is about ready for a nap. But before she goes to sleep, can you tell her about that white devil, please?”





“Oh, yeah. Well that gal got fired about two years after you did. After you left, she got real bad. Nobody had her back the way you did and her work got sloppy as hell.” Mr. Joe looked up into the air thoughtfully. “Well, it wasn’t all her fault that her work got sloppy. We got her ass whenever we could. She was trying to transfer out when she got hipped to what we were doing. But she got fired before that ever happened. Whether it was for drugs or sloppy work, no one knows for sure, but she was out.”





Jassmina’s face relaxed. She looked very peaceful.





“Well after she was fired, we heard that she got blackballed; couldn’t work at a hospital even if she wanted to work for free. Several years later she was working as a manager at a fast food restaurant. That’s the last I heard of her. But I can tell you this, Beautiful. What that woman did to you, she has paid for tenfold. She looked like a woman beat down by life even when she worked here.”





Jassmina closed her eyes and Juicy placed her hand on Mr. Joe’s shoulder. He looked up and nodded, promising to look in on her later. When Mr. Joe was gone Juicy sat in the chair and placed her hand on her mother’s. Tears had trailed down each side of Jassmina’s face.





Jassmina Robinson died several days later after suffering from a massive heart attack. Juicy went to school the very next day because her mother had struggled for nearly five minutes to form the last words that she’d ever spoken to Juicy; which was to finish school.





CHAPTER 12





It had been one week since Troy had walked out. Four days since she'd bothered to listen to any of his messages. Seven days of being in a fucked-up depressed state. And she wasn’t even sure how long it had been since she’d last contacted her shop.





He had lied when he said he’d call her the next day. He hadn’t. By then she had been ready to talk to him. She was lonely, afraid and she missed him even though she was pissed as hell at him for being in Connecticut. But he didn’t call. She got calls from doctors asking questions about him, she had even gotten a call from some old lady that said she was his mother. She had sounded as flaky as him and Juicy had only listened to her recorded message without ever speaking to her. After all, what could she say when asked how was she doing when all she would want to tell her is that her son was a deadbeat, asshole? Days later, when he started leaving messages for her again, Juicy had lost interest and had allowed his messages to pile up in the voicemail system unheard. What was the point of listening to messages from a man that was there and not here?





She did little more then take her prenatal vitamins, take her two aspirins a day, and sleep. It was bed rest, but not because the doctor wanted her in bed, but because she could not do much more then sleep. Though she understood that it wasn't her pre-eclampsia that caused her to fall into bed for hours on end, it was depression. Her worries about why she should not accept money from a mentally ill person had all come to fruition...because they will flake out on you…because they will do to you what they did to Momma; stab you in your back…





When she wasn’t sleeping, Juicy lay in bed and reflected on things that she had tried hard not to think about. Mostly she thought about her mother and her disappointing existence. It made her sad to think that a person’s happiness could be determined by the thoughtlessness of one person. Yet, she understood, on a new level, just how easy it was to begin to hate someone that had betrayed you—and not just hate them, but everyone like them. But she was not going to turn her child into a replica of herself. Even though she was currently filled with hurt and betrayal she vowed that her child would not grow up hearing a list of her disappointments. She wasn’t sure if it was Troy’s intent to return and to be a part of her child’s life, but at the moment she was wasn’t even sure if she wanted him to return. She did know that she certainly had no intentions of ever opening herself up to him again.





Juicy created a new routine, which now consisted of eat, sleep, and doctor’s visit. Soon it was time to go back to the doctor. He had stopped acting scared of her and she had stopped acting mad at him and they now got along fairly well. He smiled at her with pleasure after reading her vitals. "Blood pressure is better. We'll do an ultrasound today. Then you can see your baby."



That should have made her happy. Instead Juicy felt tears in the back of her eyes. Why wasn’t someone here with her? Because everyone that mattered to her was dead or had just chosen to walk away. She took a deep breath and the doctor gave her a soft look. She was nodding. "Okay. Let's do this."





***





“Okay, Mom, this will be cold.” Juicy looked at the little Asian woman and blinked. Mom…Then she felt the cold gel on her stomach and she lurched slightly, catching her breath.





The woman gave her a practiced smile; one she had probably used a thousand times in her career. Juicy smiled back. At least she had made the effort. The woman held a wand and pressed it firmly to the mound of Juicy’s belly. She kept moving it, and watching the monitor. She then gave Juicy an apologetic look.





“It sometimes has a hard time picking up sound if the mother has a lot of fat layers.” Juicy ignored her comment and stared at the monitor. And then suddenly came a loud woosh woosh sound.





“Oh! That’s a loud baby you have there.” The nurse reached over and adjusted the volume.





“That’s my baby?”





“Yes, that’s the heartbeat.” The technician was staring at a screen and Juicy looked over at it too. The image of a baby could be seen. It lay curled into a ball with arms and legs crisscrossed over themselves.





Juicy’s mouth hung open as she stared. The technician rolled the wand over her belly, taking measurements and pictures. Juicy had seen ultra sounds before; of babies that looked like deep sea creatures. But this was her baby…





Tears streamed down the sides of her face, pooling on the paper cover until they formed little salty puddles beside both of her ears. She was both alarmed and horrified that she was crying in front of someone, yet there was nothing that she could do to stop her tears as she watched the little being sleeping comfortably in her belly.





“Do you want to know the sex, Mom?”





Juicy gave her a surprised look. She didn’t trust her voice. She knew that she was only one word from a full out crying jag so she just nodded; head bobbing up and down.





“You have a girl.”





She stared so long at the monitor; at her daughter…a daughter. The nurse finally turned off the machine and Juicy almost protested before she was handed several pictures, a bright smile on the technician’s pretty face as she handed them to her.





“Your daughter’s first baby pictures.” Juicy sat up, it wasn’t easy, and the petite woman used both hands to help pull her up into a sitting position. Embarrassed, Juicy quickly dried her eyes and left the office. She couldn’t wait to get to her car so that she could examine every line, every detail of her daughter.





CHAPTER 13





Troy hung up the phone, staring at it for a full five minutes before he pulled himself around. It had been nearly two weeks now and Juicy hadn’t answered the phone in days.

He knew that meant that she was pretty peeved. So he made sure that his messages listed every single thing that he did. He would ramble on until the voice mail shut off and the busy tone was all that he could hear.





He rubbed his tired eyes and lay across the single bed that had been his so many years before. It wasn’t even night yet, but the medication didn’t follow the same timeline that the rest of the world followed. When he got tired he slept and that could be even two hours after he’d risen for the day.





Troy’s eyes drooped and he was soon sleeping deeply and dreaming of the same thing; Juicy.





***





The day that Troy had left their apartment, he had seen the hurt in Juicy’s eyes, but all that he could think of is how piss poor of a father he would make. Troy knew the facts, and that fact is that a child of his would likely have the same disorders that he had.





His life had been hell because of his illness. And now he’d passed that fate on to someone else! This child was going to hate him. Hadn’t he hated his parents, just a little bit for having him? The hatred had been compounded by the fact that they’d given birth to two perfect children before him.





And even if the kid didn’t hate him…he would hate himself when he’d have to watch his own child struggling with the issues that he’d had to.





With anguish he had paced in the living room of the apartment as Juicy sat in the kitchen forlornly because he hadn’t been the man that she deserved; someone who could give her a healthy baby. Then it dawned on him. Even if he couldn’t make a child that would be free of mental illness, he knew that he could show a child how to live with it!





And that’s when he’d had known what he had to do. He had to stop being selfish, and fix the things that were wrong about him so that he could be the father that he needed to be. He’d told her something and had hurried out of the apartment and bounded down the stairs, sprinting toward town. In his mind he kept chanting, ‘I have to get right.’





It was the middle of the night. And though he knew that there wasn’t much that he could do, he couldn’t just do nothing. So he bought a train ticket and without so much as a backpack, he made plans to return home; his first home, Connecticut. His family had told him not to forget about them and he never had; speaking to his parent’s on a regular basis and Bob and Lorie once or twice over the last few months. And now he hoped that they would be able to help him complete a task that he had not wanted to do before; but for his child, he would.





Dad’s stark white hair stood up on his head as he opened the door at five am in the morning. He wore pajamas and a t-shirt covered with a hastily pulled on robe. Mom peeked behind him and Troy felt guilty when he saw that she had pulled on her own robe and it was inside out.





He’d considered getting a room at a hotel; it wasn’t the money that had stopped him; he just needed to be at home. He had to talk to them about this. And now, as he watched them, having obviously pulled themselves up out of their sleep, he knew that the decision had been selfish and that he should have at least waited until the crack of dawn before ringing the doorbell.





“Troy!” His Dad ushered him into the house.





“Is something wrong, son?” Mom looked worried and he knew that she would probably always be more worried than anything else where he was concerned.





“No, there’s not anything wrong. I…” He closed the door and they stood there watching him expectantly. “I just needed to talk to you.”





Dad watched him with big, accepting eyes. “Well…Troy that’s fine. You come home whenever you want, but son…you could have just called. It’s a long way from Cincinnati.”





Troy blushed. “It can wait until morning.” He took in a deep breath. “Mom, dad, go back to bed and I’ll-”





Mom was frowning. “Troy, what’s wrong? No one’s going to sleep now that we’re up.”





“Right.” Dad patted his shoulder and led him to the kitchen. “Come on, we’ll have some coffee and you tell us what’s got you all wound up.”





Troy followed them and his mother moved about the kitchen making the coffee and his dad retrieved a coffee cake from the refrigerator and began cutting big slices of it.





“What brings you home, son?” He prompted.





“I’m going to be a Dad.”





His mother put down the coffee pot that she had been filling with water from the tap. She turned to her son. “You and…Chubby? Was that her name?”





“Juicy.”





“Ahh! Juicy. She’s going to have a baby.” His mother seemed very thoughtful.





“Congratulations.” Dad said, seeming genuinely happy.





“Yes, congratulations.” His mother responded brightly.





Dad was staring at him hard. “You don’t seem very happy, Troy. Is there a problem?”





He tapped his fingers absently along the table. “Yes…I’m a-afraid.”





Dad didn’t so much as crack an understanding smile. He nodded his head. “Good.”





Troy gave him a confused look.





“Being a father is tough work, and it’s scary, but it’s worth every trial and tribulation. Being a father is the biggest joy in life.” Troy’s head ducked. He was silently thinking that it’s good unless you get stuck with a fucked up kid like him. His father reached out and touched beneath his chin. He gently lifted his son’s head. The look he gave him was filled with so much love that Troy was momentarily overwhelmed.





“The fact that you’re afraid tells me how much you want to be a good father.” He placed a slice of coffee cake on a plate and slid it to his son. “Tell me, why did you come home, though?”





Troy used his fingers to pick at a corner of the pastry and popped it into his mouth. Yuck. It was store bought and tasted like it was filled with tons of preservatives. Maybe tomorrow he’d make them a real made-from-scratch coffee cake.





“I want to get back on medication.”





Now this time his father looked shocked. He gave him an incredulous look. “Troy…”





Mom sat down hard. “Honey, I thought you said that you always felt that you weren’t bipolar. I mean, I believe that’s true. I don’t think that you ever were. Later, when I thought back on it all, it just seemed that they wanted to fill you up with as many things as they could; almost like they were rolling the dice.” Troy gave her a surprised look. He never thought that his Mother had an opinion about what was going on with the medication. Even now, he had thought that she was Dad’s parakeet—and if he should change his mind about everything, then so would she. But the look on her face showed so much regret.





“Back then, your Dad and I thought that we should just trust the doctors without question. Now I know better.” Dad reached over and hugged her briefly.





After a moment Troy spoke. “I know I’m not bipolar. That’s not what I want the medication for.”





“Okay.” His father waited for him to continue.





“But I have tics, and migraines which I can live with; but not the seizures.”





“I didn’t think that the seizures were ever that bad. I mean, a few times you had a large one but most times no one knows you’re even having one.” His mother’s expression was speculative.





Troy nodded. “Yes.” He had several a day, but because all he mainly did was to stare off into space, most people thought that he was wool-gathering or didn’t realize that he had drifted off at all, especially since they only lasted less than even a minute.





“I’ve done so many odd jobs over the years that I felt pretty comfortable in doing the rehab on the shop; especially when I called in some of my buddies. I know a few guys that worked on houses for Habitat.” Habitat for Humanity built houses to give away to needy families. “Some had helped down in Louisiana after Katrina and some had worked as dry-wallers and non union laborers so I was pretty confident that we could put the place together without much effort.





“You should have seen the place before we gutted it.” But somehow Juicy had looked at it, and even though it was nothing more than a rat trap, had seen all of its potential. But the bones had been good and they had been able to transform it completely.





“The place has ten foot high tin ceilings that we wanted to preserve. I was up on a ladder with an electric reciprocating saw trying to cut away an area that we wanted inset lighting.” Dad grimaced.





“One minute I was holding an electrical tool in my hand. The next thing I remember is lying on the floor with an electric saw resting on my crotch. Luckily the safety had engaged when I’d plunged to the floor. Had that not happened, well I probably wouldn’t be fathering anymore babies.” His father gave him an incredulous look, while his mother dropped her head into the palms of her hands.





“I was okay. I had a huge lump on the back of my head and I had knocked myself silly, but…I never told Juicy. About three other times I had similar incidents. I stayed off ladders and away from power tools as much as possible, but I spilled a wheelbarrow of wet concrete into the grass out front.” They’d been trying to repair the walkway. Instead they had spent three hours digging up the lone patch of grass before the concrete hardened.





“Another time, I woke up in a pile of fresh drywall mud, not to mention the countless times I missed calls, deliveries, or had friends ready to deck me because they thought I was ignoring them.” He sighed and Mom stood and retreated to the coffee. She placed a steaming hot mug of it in front of him while Dad grabbed sugar and cream.





“I..um, don’t want to be holding a baby…”





His father gave him a quick, understanding look. He nodded. “I see.”





“I want to take medicine in order to control the seizures and the tics and headaches if possible.”





“How often do you have them?” He asked as he sat down with his own mug of coffee.





“Three a day isn’t abnormal. I might go some days without any. And some days, depending on what I’m going through, I might have five or six.”





“Okay.” Dad sighed. “You’re definitely going to need to do something about them for the sake of the baby, but for your own sake, as well.” He watched his son curiously. “Is this what had you scared? Not that you’d need anything else, but…”





Troy looked around restlessly. “I don’t…” He shrugged. “What kind of a father will I make?” He stared at each of them. When he awoke from a seizure, he didn’t know what was real or what wasn’t. And he knew that he looked at life in a strange way. Would his kid be ashamed of him? Maybe the kid wouldn’t want to bring his friend’s around because Troy would be making all of these oddball points about traps and invisible people. Maybe his kid would wish that he had a different father!





“Troy,” his mother’s fork was cutting through her slice of cake. “No one that meets you could resist loving you.” She said it so matter-of-factly, as if that should be the least of his worries when it ranked up high, almost at the top of his worry list. His eyes shifted to his father who had just scooped more cake into his mouth.





“You’re being a good father right now because I know how much you hate the idea of medication. So, don’t you worry about that, kid. You will be a great father.”





He sighed in relief. And this is the reason that he had come home. So that he could get reassurance from his parents.





They didn’t talk much longer. His parent’s offered to make some calls and to find him a good doctor, and he had felt good enough to go upstairs and to drop exhaustedly into bed. He considered calling Juicy but decided that since she got up so early, he definitely didn’t want to get her out of bed any earlier then she had to. He would call her when he got up. He ended up sleeping late in the evening and that’s when his parent’s broke the bad news to him.





It would take several weeks and in some cases even months, before any of the neurological specialists that they’d been referred to would be able to see him. And everyone that they talked to agreed that he shouldn’t even waste his time with a general practitioner unless he wanted to risk the same things happening as it had when he was a kid; inaccurate medications. Besides, for something like this, even a family doctor would refer him to a specialist.





Still, his parents continued to make calls and made appointments anyway even though they were sixty and sometimes ninety days down the line. Feeling disappointed and anxious, Troy wondered what in the hell people did when they had an emergency and couldn’t wait? Didn’t the fact that he had a baby on the way constitute an emergency?





Thinking about Juicy and her being pregnant still made him anxious, but behind it was an awe and a joy that they’d created something special together. He went back up to his room and called her. He hadn’t intended to make her wait all day, but he had not realized that he would sleep so deeply.





At the last minute he decided to leave a message on the answering machine instead of calling her cell. He had visions of her yelling at him in front of the customers…or worse, not yelling at him and just sounding disappointed.





He cleared his voice nervously and waited for her recorded message that ended with, ‘have a blessed day.’





“Hi, Juice.” He began pacing in his small bedroom. “Sorry that I left the way I did. It’s not you or…th-the pr-pregnancy. I needed to…” He paused. “…I needed to get some things straight in my head. So I decided to go back home. I’m at my parent’s house now. I know you’re at the shop and I know you won’t be happy when you get this message.”





He swallowed past a guilty lump in his throat, “…which is why I guess that I’m leaving it on voicemail instead of calling your cell phone. But I’ll be back as soon as I get things straightened out.” He was going to have to tell her about his talk with his parents, but not over the answering machine. He sighed not knowing what else to say to the machine. “I’ll call you later. I love you.” He said softly.





***





Lorie and her husband stopped by for dinner with their children and Bob showed up without his wife and two kids. Troy knew that he hadn’t made a very good impression on her. But he had extended an apology to her via Bob. He wanted to be a positive part of Bob’s family and that meant that maybe it was a good idea that she wasn’t here right now, anyways.





Either Mom or Dad had already stolen his thunder by telling them that he was going to be a father. He watched them carefully and his siblings seemed honestly happy for him.





“When do we get to meet your Baby’s Momma?” His brother joked and everyone grimaced.





“Well, this is probably not a good time,” an understatement of a lifetime.





After dinner, they went to the family room and turned on a movie and talked. He was having a good time until Lorie began talking about her kid’s school. It wasn’t the topic, but what happened while he was listening. He felt something in him slip sideways—it was the only way that he knew to describe the sensation. There was a ‘wrongness’ though no pain or discomfort.





Then the next thing he knew, the room was quiet and all eyes were on him. He gulped down a deep breath as if he might have forgotten to breathe momentarily. He didn’t need to look around and meet the unsure stares of his family. This part was something he was used to; the looks of concern or fear, maybe even embarrassment for him.





Their looks let him know that he had just undergone another seizure. That seemed to mark the end of the party and everyone slowly drifted towards the door with sincere goodbyes and promises to have him out to their houses. After seeing them out the door, he went up to his old room and fired up the old computer. He couldn’t be the only one that was in an emergency situation…where do people go when they need emergency help?





There was only one constant and that was seventy-two hour hold. He couldn’t believe how backwards everything had gotten. He went down the stairs and into the family room where his parent’s were watching television. He couldn’t believe what he was about to say when he had been afraid for so many years that they would do to him what he was contemplating doing to himself now.





“Mom, Dad. I’m going to check myself into seventy-two hour hold.”





Both of his parents looked at him stunned. Dad turned off the television. “Troy…”





“I know, but I’ve talked to a representative from the Mental Health Alliance.” He explained the conversation and his reasons. Because he would not be able to see a doctor specializing with his issues for several weeks, and since he’d had problems with mental illness, that if he checked himself into 72 hour hold he would get an emergency evaluation and medication. This would be the quickest way to get the necessary referral so that he could see a specialist.





“It’s completely voluntary, so that means that I can actually leave at anytime, even before the seventy-two hours expires.”





“Have you talked to your girlfriend about this decision?” His Mom asked, her eyes full of worry.





Troy shoved his hands into his pockets. “No.” He admitted. No one spoke. “I’ll tell her tomorrow.” He checked the clock. It was getting late. Tomorrow he’d talk to her and maybe then she would have lost that hurt look about her—the one that he’d seen just before he walked out the door. Tomorrow he’d tell her that he was trying to make a way for them and that it wouldn’t be easy but that he loved her and he loved their unborn baby; he loved them so much that he was willing to commit himself to get right.





CHAPTER 14





He called Juicy three separate times but only got her recorded messages on both the home and cell phones.





“Troy?” Dad was calling from downstairs. “You about ready to go?”





“Yeah.” He hung up the phone after leaving his parents phone number. He’d left her a message saying that he wanted to talk to her about something urgent. He loved her; he said that part three times, then he had left the phone number.





He rubbed his head and jogged down the stairs. His Dad was taking him down to meet with someone from the Mental Health Alliance to discuss things and to maybe get some pamphlets on treatment plans. Things had changed in the way of medication since he’d last been evaluated. He was intrigued and fearful. But every time he thought about holding a new born baby in his hands and then blacking out, he would swallow back his second thoughts.





As he got into the car he just hoped that no one would judge him based on the fact that he was wearing stone washed jeans and a Lord of the Rings t-shirt. He hadn’t brought a change of clothes and had been forced to dig through his closet for the clothes of his youth.





“When do you want to do this, Troy?” Alonzo Hoya was asking. He was in his thirties, and was a pleasant Hispanic man that had the hairiest knuckles that Troy had ever seen. He tried not to focus on them the way you try not to look at the huge wart on a person’s face.





“We-we-well, I shou-ld t-t-…”





“It’s okay. Take your time.” Alonzo gave him an understanding look.





Troy closed his eyes momentarily. “…talk to my g-girl girlfriend first.”





“Okay.” He said in that calm tone that people needed to hear when they were discussing committing themselves.





He’d tried calling her three more times. And Mom said that no one but Bob had called the house. He should go home first. He would go home and talk to Juicy face to face because the longer it took for her to actually answer her phone and decide to speak to him, the harder it would be to talk about these things, especially since he’d been less than candid about his history with medication. He was just about to say this when Alonzo spoke first.





“Troy, it actually would be better if we can do this tomorrow. That way I can get all of the paperwork prepared and you won’t have to do that step once you are admitted. Now, if you don’t feel one hundred percent comfortable with this, then you DON’T have to go this route. This is just going to cut some sixty days from it, but…this is an extreme measure.”





Troy looked over at his Dad. His father would not say one way or the other, but Troy could tell that he agreed that this was the best way.





“Tomorrow will be fine.” His lip twisted in pleasure that he said those words without stuttering.





The next day Troy got up early. He felt sick to his stomach. He hadn’t seen Juicy in two, days which compounded his already nervous state.





His Dad looked at him over his cup of coffee. “Juicy still hasn’t called?”





He shook his head. “I can deal with her being mad at me. But I can’t deal with her not answering the phone. That is driving me n-” He stopped. “I just want to make sure everything is okay with her.”





“Woman can do the silent treatment well.” Mom said while going through the morning paper. Her eyes never even looked at his. “What women can’t do is NOT listen to a phone message left for them by a man they love.” Only then did her eyes move to his. “She loves you, right?”





“Yes.” He didn’t even waiver.





“And you have told her everything in messages so she knows.”





He nodded, feeling slightly better. “I’ll call her again when I get to the hospital.”





By noon, Troy had been admitted to the hospital. His father had cried when it was time for him to leave, but he hugged Troy and told him how very proud he was. Even though Alonzo had done much to make way for him, he still had to go through a lengthy evaluation. He wasn’t sure if he should think of them as doctors or nurses since they just gave their first name; but Jackie asked him questions that seemed to have little to do with his mental state.





She asked about his source of income, where he lived, how he lived, what he did. Troy was trying to connect the dots to the possible meaning behind the question, but eventually he had to just answer and hope that he could get to a telephone soon in order to call Juicy. This process was long and he hadn’t phoned her today.





For once, he wished he had a cell phone. He had never wanted things like cell phones or a computer because they always led to something more; carry a phone around in your pocket…that was just plain stupid. He had other more pressing things to put in his pockets. And in reference to computers; he didn’t even want to get into the trap that having internet could cause.





Troy pressed his lips together as his mind explored these ideas. Those ideas are the ones that were rooted in mental illness…and that is something he’d have to put a stop to!





Jackie finally closed her little manila folder that had his name written in thick black magic marker. He had a number beneath it; probably his computer code name…He tried to stop his mind from thinking about that; about being a number in some computer system that could likely end up anywhere in the world.





“Okay, that’s it for now.” She stood. “Follow me and I’ll show you to your room. Unfortunately we don’t have single rooms so you will have a roommate. If you feel uncomfortable for any reason just let one of the staff members know. But your roommate has already been here for more than a day so you may have the room to yourself before long.”





By the time Jackie had stopped talking they were on an elevator. Troy placed his hand to the wall because he felt like he was about to fall—the sideways feeling had returned. When he could see again, he was sitting awkwardly on the floor of the elevator. It was beeping loudly and three other men were there hovering over him.





Troy slapped his hands over his ears. “Oh god…please stop that sound!” It was cutting through his head and he was already nauseous.





A burly black man gently placed his hands on Troy’s arms and helped him to stand. “If we can get you out of this elevator, then we can let these doors shut and that will put an end to that loud noise.”





That made sense. So Troy accepted his help and was led out of the elevator. His entourage followed. Damnit, some of them were furiously writing on clipboards. Had he screwed up already? This was not his fault!





He felt a pulse in his temple and knew that he was going to be in the throes of a violent headache. He really hadn’t wanted to have a migraine while here. He wanted to be able to talk about his issues and get treatment for the seizures. He’d be a long time coming up from a headache…





Instead of leading him to his room, he was led to an examining room. He squinted at the black guy; Kelly? No it wasn’t Kelly but he felt the same way about him as he had about the kindly officer so many years ago.





“Kelly, can I call my girlfriend?”





Kelly gave him a patient look. “You want to call her now? Are you feeling some pain, because you seem--”





“I’m getting the headache. It will be bad soon and if I don’t talk to her now I won’t be able to until I wake up.” He could sleep for many hours if uninterrupted.





Kelly nodded and pointed to the phone that sat on a neat desk. The other people in the entourage had drifted away now that he was safely in the examining room. “There’s the phone. This is not normally the one you’d use, so just dial 9 for an outside line. I’m going to get you some medication for the pain and to help with the anxiety. Do you think there was a trigger for what just happened, Troy?”





Troy nodded. “Yes.”





“Okay. Be right back.” Had he passed some test? Kelly had seemed happy with his response.





He dialed 9 and then Juicy’s phone number before remembering it was long distance. He would probably get into a shitload of trouble for doing this but he checked the little plexi glass covered directions on the phone for instructions on how to make a long distance call. And then he prayed that he wouldn’t get a message stating that he couldn’t dial outside of the state.





The phone miraculously rang and even though there was a feeling as if sharp nails were being driven into his skull, he felt overjoyed. Now if she would just pick up. He needed to hear her voice more then he needed air to breathe.





“Hello?” Her voice was like music to his ears, even though that one simple word sounded exasperated and angry.





“Juicy?”





“Well who else would be answering my cell phone, Troy? Yeah it’s me.” He thought about that for a moment. Everyone that worked at the shop had their own cell phones although there was one phone in the shop that people used to call in food orders or customer’s used to make quick calls, such as to check up on their kids. Lord forbid if Juicy caught someone on the shop phone gossiping.





“I’m at my parent’s house. Did you get the message I left for you yesterday?”





“I sure did,” was her curt response.





Okay, so it was just as his mother had said. She was giving him the cold shoulder but at least she knew how to reach him if she needed to and at least she knew about the medication. Now he had to explain to her about being in the hospital. He was going to admit to his girlfriend something that he didn’t ever want her to fully realize; that he was sick and needed help…and the words just would not come easily.





He closed his eyes, fighting back the nausea that his headache brought, and begging for just a few more minutes of coherency in order to talk to her. “I wanted to explain about coming here and how things have been for me since I got here.” He wouldn’t have time to tell her about his self discovery, about his need to be a good father, about his desires for anything at all to make him safe to be around their child. The headache would just not allow that, but he could tell her about his love for her.





“Sorry!” She suddenly said into the phone.





“What?” Troy asked. It was as if she was about to tell him that his time was up and to please deposit another dollar.





“Troy, I’m at the grocery store, I just ran over an old lady, so I can’t talk and push this big-ass cart at the same time. When are you coming home?”





“Well…that’s the thing Juice. I’m not going to come home immediately. I need to take care of something once and for all. I need help. I’m in seventy two hour hold right now so that I can get emergency treatment. It was the only way that I could get an evaluation so that I can start a course of treatment for the seizures.” There. He had said it. He had admitted that he needed help, and he had admitted it to a person that he had never wanted to see him as helpless.





“Juicy?! Are you there? Hello?”





“Yeah.” Her voice was low, barely above a whisper. Was she distracted? What was she doing? Troy took a deep breath and lowered his head into his hand.





“Did you hear that I’m not going to be home because I’m in treatment for my seizures and tics?”





“Yeah.”





“Baby, they might even be able to help me with my headaches. This time it won’t be-” he stopped, remembering that he had never gone into detail to explain what it had been like for him.





Suddenly he had lots of regrets. Why hadn’t he told her? She must be having so many doubts about him now—second thoughts about his sanity. Of course she would. How many men called their women to say that they had checked themselves into a mental hospital? God his head hurt. Where was Kelly with the medicine?





“I gotta go, I wish I can talk longer but…I’ll call you tomorrow. Juicy?”





“Yeah.”





“Okay. I love you.”





He placed the phone back on the cradle and buried his head into his hands. The door opened then and distantly Troy realized that Kelly had been standing outside listening. He tried to replay what he had said but that was impossible. That conversation had not gone good at all. He should have waited.





Soon after, Troy found himself lying on an examining table that had been covered in a strip of white paper. It was hard to lie down flat when he wanted to curl up into a protective ball. It was something he had learned on the streets and hard to stop even though he lived like normal people now, and didn’t have to worry about being accosted while unconscious.





He felt a needle go into his arm and that sharp pain was a brief but welcome distraction from the main event. He drew his legs up, but Kelly placed a slight, restraining hand on him and he tried to remember to lie still. The pain suddenly spiked in Troy’s skull before it slowly became muffled. It was almost as if someone had stuffed cotton into his head, deadening the pain. His body felt heavy and pleasant and he found that he wanted to sleep. His muscles began to relax and he released a relieved sigh.





“Kelly…” He murmured to the big black guy that somehow was a mental health technician and not a cop. He wasn’t sure how that worked but the man leaned over to hear what he had to say.





“Thank you for everyth…” And then he was sound asleep.





***





When Troy opened his eyes again, it was because someone was watching him. He knew it even before becoming fully awake and he moved his hands up into a defensive position before scrambling up in bed.





He had scared the young man…or, he thought he was a man; either an effeminate male or a very ugly girl. He had long black hair that ran down past his shoulders and green eyes set in a pale face. His hair had to be a dye job. No one that white could possibly have hair that black. He seemed young, certainly no older then seventeen or eighteen.





The guy moved back immediately and Troy wondered what he had been doing in his personal space in the first place.





“You’ve been asleep a long time, dude.” The guy answered the unspoken question. He shrugged and Troy relaxed, lowering his hands and sitting up in the bed. It was a different bed; a real one and not just the pleather examining table covered in paper.





He looked around. It was a simple room with two beds, two desks, two lamps bolted into the table, two small bureaus beside each bed, one window and two doors. One of the doors presumably led to an adjacent bathroom and the other probably led into the hallway.





“Sorry, if I scared you. But the way people get drugged around here, you can never tell if someone’s O.D’d. And you’ve been asleep all day and all night and it’s now the next day.” Troy immediately looked around for a clock but didn’t see one.





The dark haired guy dug into the pocket of his pants and withdrew a cell phone and again, seeming to read Troy’s mind, as he told him the time. “It’s 7:50 am. They’ll be coming to get us soon for breakfast.” The guy sat down on the edge of his bed and stared at Troy who moved to the edge of his own bed. His limbs felt like weights were attached to them. He stood carefully and found that his legs felt wobbly but he wasn’t likely to go toppling to the floor.





He gave the boy a curious look and gestured with his head. “Bathroom?”





He pointed a slender pale finger to the further door.





“Thanks.” His mouth tasted of shit and he was certain that his breath must smell like it. He was wearing hospital issue drawstring pajamas and a loose shirt. With the bathroom door closed soundly, he peed for almost two full minutes and then found a gallon sized zip lock bag with his name written on it in fat magic marker. It contained toiletries, though he had packed an overnight bag that included a toothbrush and toothpaste.





But he was reluctant to go back out there with Vampire boy in order to search for his overnight bag, so he quickly used the cheap toothbrush and gurgled with the generic mouthwash. He sniffed his pits and found that they didn’t stink so he didn’t bother with deodorant, then he splashed his face with cold water, which helped to revive him.





When he returned to the bedroom, he saw that his bed had been made. His eyes moved to the young man where he was standing between their two beds. “We have to make up our own beds before breakfast.” The boy placed his hands on his narrow hips. He was standing like he was superman or Peter Pan. Troy wanted to laugh but that was probably the medicine.





“I’m Jace. Jace Macadue.” He was dressed in street clothes, wearing strangely patterened slacks as if he should be off golfing, and a black hoodie. He also wore slippers on his feet.





“I’m Troy Hyden. Um…do you know where my clothes are?”





“Yes, your personal belongings are locked up in the office. You can get them after breakfast.” As if on cue, someone knocked on the door and Jace opened it.





“Ready for breakfast?” A pleasant woman spoke. People wore regular clothes in this hospital. For all he knew, the lady could be a patient pretending to be staff. Well, she did have on a name tag. It said Rebecca.





Troy felt hungry and a little nauseous. Usually after a migraine he felt invigorated; as if his battery had been charged.





“Should I dress first?” He gestured to his bed clothes, self consciously.





“Not unless you want to.” She gave him a bright smile.





“Okay. I’ll wait.” She led them to an elevator and Troy remembered the last time he’d been there. He prayed that there wouldn’t be a repeat of yesterday. Jace and Rebecca engaged in light banter but after Troy listened long enough to know that he didn’t have to participate in the conversation, he allowed his mind to wander.





Had Juicy tried to call him? He missed her. He wished he hadn’t come…but then he remembered the idea of his baby in his hands. Yes. He needed to be here. He sighed and his two companions glanced at him. They reached a dining hall where there was a buffet set up.





“Troy, there is some medicine to take after breakfast. Someone will escort you to Dr. Barren’s office and he will discuss this with you, okay?” Rebecca’s attention had moved to him now.





He nodded and Rebecca told them to have a nice breakfast and then she disappeared. Jace evidently had assigned himself as Troy’s guide and he found himself relieved to have the company of someone who knew what he was doing. Jace guided him to the end of the food line and picked up a tray. Troy did the same and Jace began choosing items that he wanted for breakfast; an apple, cheerios, a pint sized carton of vitamin D milk and two slices of buttered toast cut diagonally.





“Are you 5150?”





Troy had placed scrambled eggs, bacon, fried potatoes onto his tray. He gave Jace a quick look. “Fifty-what?”





“5150. Committed against your will?”





“No. You?”





“Yes.”





Well he seemed pretty calm about being committed. “This isn’t my first time.” The young man explained as he picked up his tray and moved to another table where there were dispensers for orange juice, apple juice, coffee, and hot water for tea. Jace didn’t get anything but waited for Troy to pour himself coffee and grab sugar and creamer. Then he led them to a circular table large enough for four or five bodies to squeeze around. There were only about fifteen or sixteen people present in the room and Troy couldn’t tell exactly which were staff and which were patients.





They sat and Troy resisted the urge to ask Jace why he had been committed. The young man didn’t offer to tell, besides, he didn’t want to discuss his own personal business with a stranger.





“After breakfast you can do pretty much whatever you want. Later there will be counseling. You can do private or group. I’ll be in group.” He offered.





Troy didn’t respond. He wanted a private session before he sat around listening to other people’s issues. After he got his needs met, then he could do whatever it would take to be a team player.





“You don’t talk much, do you?”





Troy shrugged. He forked eggs into his mouth and took a bite of the slightly rubbery bacon. “I’m fairly talkative. It’s just…”





“First time in a mental institution?” Jace prompted and Troy nodded.





“It’s no biggie. If you were dangerous or psychotic you would have been separated so I guess all of us here are considered mild-mannered psychopaths. But I will warn you that everything you do and everything you say is being recorded.” Troy gave the boy a sharp look. Ahh, so here was his illness. The poor kid was paranoid schizo. Troy just nodded. He’d had plenty of friends who were. You just kinda left them alone and let them work it out on their own until things evened out for them again.





Jace chuckled. “No, I mean literally. The staff walks around with clipboards and they record everything you do and say. Then they evaluate you based on that, your group, medication, probably even which food items you pick. Not sure about that, but everything you are likely to do is going to be documented.”





Troy sipped his coffee and watched the kid. “Well, I don’t have a problem with that. I have nothing to hide.” He blushed when he remembered that the boy was 5150. Perhaps he had a lot to hide.





Jace tugged down the sleeves of his hoodie, than began spooning cheerios into his mouth. He was quite the talkative boy, even if he didn’t mention the reason for his being here. He told Troy about being in his first year of college and how hard it was. He told him that he was a woman born in a man’s body and that his parent’s had gone through a horrible divorce—and he speculated if being transgendered had anything to do with it. He explained that his college roommate was a jerk, and had probably gone through all of his stuff.





Troy was tired just listening to him. And when Rebecca returned he was glad to throw his scraps into the trash and follow her wherever she needed to take him. Jace gave him a sad look when he got up to leave and Troy had to promise that they’d see each other later. Then he looked brighter and Troy followed Rebecca with a nod of his head.





“Can I use the telephone?”





“Sure. You’ll have a free time after your visit with the doctor. You can shower, shave if you want or use the phones, watch a movie or just listen to music. There’s a library here as well if you’d like to do some reading.”





Troy hid a frown. He only had seventy-two hours to give them. He’d already lost close to twenty. Why would he be lounging around reading books and such when he had committed himself for help?





They reached an office and Rebecca knocked on the door, then let them in before receiving a response. Dr. Barren rose from behind a big wooden desk covered in books and shook Troy’s hand enthusiastically. He looked like a talk show host with his perfectly coiffed white hair and TV star good looks. But he seemed honest and forthcoming so Troy found himself liking him very quickly.



“It’s nice to meet you Troy.” He returned to his seat and Troy sat down in a plastic chair directly across from him. Dr. Barren consulted the file that Troy had seen just yesterday, only suddenly it was fuller. Had they transferred information to it, and if so from where? Or had they gathered that much information just from observing him in his sleep?





“How did the medicine make you feel?”





He took a moment to consider his answer then he told him that it made him wake up feeling like crap, but that it had gotten rid of the headache…or maybe it hadn’t. Maybe it had just knocked him out so that he didn’t know he was still in the headache.





The doctor wrote that down. “Now, I understand that you have severe tics and frequent seizures. Will you tell me more about them?” Troy was happy to tell the doctor every detail that he could think of. Dr. Barren filled up an entire page in his precise handwriting.





“Troy, I’m not sure if you’re aware of this, but not all hospitals and medical facilities use the same computerized recording system for patient’s records. I was able to get your medical records from the time that the state assigned you to a treatment plan, but I would need to manually request your records from the various other hospitals that you’d visited. There is no time for me to do that, but I found it very curious that your medical records show severe physical trauma.





“You have fractures and poorly repaired ligament damage.” Troy swallowed and the doctor gave him a close, yet thoughtful look. “If I had seen fractures of that type before looking at your childhood x-rays, I would have suspected a lifetime of physical abuse.”





Troy sat up straight, mouth flying open to protest, but the Doctor continued. “But there was not one fracture before your eighteenth birthday. I know that you’ve spent some time on the streets and I’m assuming that there had been some violence. I want you to know that anything we speak about will remain in this room.”





Troy rubbed his face. “I didn’t kn-know we’d be talking about any of th-that. I mean, my pr-o-o-oblems began well before being on the streets.”





“But if there are…situations that could create a negative reaction in you, then that is what we are exploring.” Troy understood and he nodded reluctantly. “So what I would like to do is introduce medication to you before we talk today. I understand that you do not want to take any mood altering drugs and are interested in finding a way to curtail the onslaught and length of your seizures. Also you are interested in finding a way to deal with your crippling headaches. Is that correct?”





“Yes, that’s exactly what I want.”





With that understanding out of the way, Troy spent the next few hours detailing his life on the streets, his abuse at the hands of a few bad police, the help that he’d gotten from Kelly and Pastor Greene and other people. Then he began talking about Juicy.





He had stuttered most of the time that he recounted the details of his life but when he began talking about her, his words flowed evenly from his mouth.





“Troy.” Dr. Barren stared into a folder. “Juicy is your…girlfriend, and the mother of your unborn child?”





“Yes.”





“We can’t get in touch with her.” Troy sighed in frustration.





“I don’t…kn-know what to say. I’m pretty sure that she’s not too thrilled with me right now.”



“Okay.” Troy was surprised that he didn’t say any more about it. He stood up and retrieved Troy’s overnight bag from a tall bureau. “It’s getting late. You’re probably tired and could use a break. After lunch we will have counseling. Do you want to do a one on one or a group?”





Troy frowned. “Well…”





“We understand about the misdiagnosis in your past, as well as the over-medications and wrong medications. Troy, no one is presuming that you are bipolar. Okay?”





He nodded in relief. “Okay.” He stood and moved towards the door. “I’ll go to group.”





“Okay.” Dr. Barren gave him the room number and told him that it would begin promptly at 2pm. He was surprised that no one would physically escort him. Maybe they only did that if you were 5150.





Troy went back to his room, which was thankfully empty. Why weren’t there clocks around? He used the bathroom, showered and then dressed in skinny jeans and a black t-shirt that had FINAL FANTASY written in bold white and blue letters, along with several images of the anime characters. He looked down at himself and grimaced. Had he really been this big of a geek?





He headed to the reception desk and a friendly woman smiled at him brightly. Those smiles were disturbing. Why were they so happy?





“Excuse me, may I use the telephone?”





“Oh. They have phones for your use in the lounge.” She pointed to the lounge on this floor, indicating that there was one on each floor. Troy headed down the hall until he reached a comfortable nook that had seating for no more than ten bodies. Currently there was a young woman and an older man both watching the television—but not together. They were sitting as far from each other as humanly possible. Troy headed for one of the two phones.





There was a note on the wall in neat block letters, handwritten by a staff member. ‘Please limit your phone calls to 15 minutes.’ He tried to dial Juicy but dialing 8 and the 513 area code and phone number only resulted in a long dial tone.





After a frustrated sigh, Troy quickly dialed his parent’s number. Mom answered.





“Hey Mom.”





“Troy! Let me get your dad on the phone.” He could hear her move the phone away from her ear as she hurried through the house for Dad. He could hear her instructing him to pick up the other extension, then the both of them were on a line.





“I’ve been worried about you son! Are you okay?”





“Yes. Got to talk to a doctor and got some meds for the headache.”





“Oh…you had an attack.”





“Yes, but it wasn’t a long one…I don’t think. That medicine was pretty strong. It pretty much knocked me out. I’ll be going to a group session later today. Did any of the doctors call you?”





His Mom answered. “They called twice. The second time they were looking for Juicy.”





“Did she try to call?”





“No.”





There was a long pause. “Okay…Well, will you do me a huge favor and call her for me? Tell her I’ll try to call myself but I can’t make long distance calls from the facility. Have her call for me either here or there.”





“I’ll call her as soon as we hang up.” Mom said.





“Will you call us back when you can?” Dad asked.





“I will.”





“Alright, son. We love you.” Hearing those words caused the worry lines to smooth from his brow.





“I love you both.” He hung up and noted that both of the people in the room swung their eyes back to the TV as if they had not been totally listening to every word he’d said. He recalled what Jace had said, about their being eyes all around. Maybe they weren’t patients. They weren’t wearing name tags, but that didn’t mean that they weren’t undercover.





Troy left the room quickly, his mouth felt dry; cotton mouth. Probably a side effect of what Dr. Barren had just given him or what he’d been given yesterday. He decided to go up to the cafeteria for something to drink. He was thinking of ways to sneak into one of the private offices to use the phone when he saw Jace and a heavily made up goth girl sitting at a table playing cards.





“Troy!” Jace waved at him excitedly. “That’s my roommate.” He directed to the girl. She eyed him with appreciation. She didn’t seem much older than seventeen or eighteen herself and he began to wonder if the entire nation wasn’t filled with mentally disturbed children.





He headed to their table with a cup of water from the cooler and then pulled out a chair and sat, not planning to stay long. He wasn’t feeling very social. “Hey Jace.”





“He is cute.” The girl said while staring at him and Troy glanced at Jace who was blushing furiously.





“Uh…did you decide on whether you’re going to group or one on one counseling?” He asked quickly.





The girl nudged the blushing boy. “Introductions?” Instead of waiting for him to do the honors she reached over and offered her hand to Troy. She was as pale as Jace. He shook her hand quickly.





“I’m Magnus.”





“Magnus…” Troy said, as if testing the word in his mouth. “Nice to meet you. I’m Troy.” His eyes moved to Jace again. “I think that I will go to group.”





Magnus continued to watch him as she bit her short nails. The black paint on them was scraped almost completely off.





“How old are you?” She interrupted.





“Twenty-five.”





“Are you a suicide attempt, too?”





“No.” His eyes flitted from one to the other of them and he noted that Jace had pulled the sleeves down over his wrists again.





“This is my third attempt.” She spoke with a strange mixture of pride and defiance.





Oh wow…were they so white because they’d lost blood? “Oh.” He said, a little uncomfortable. “Okay.” His eyes suddenly drooped and he sighed. The world turned sideways…





When things came back around, he saw that Jace was calling him, and then a moment later he could hear him. The young man was waving his hands in front of his face and Troy followed the motion with his eyes before he looked directly at Jace.





He took a moment to get everything straight in his head before speaking. “Sorry…I kinda black out when I get stressed.” He cleared his throat self consciously and stood. “I’m going to go lay down.”





“Well they’ll be serving lunch in a few minutes. Are you sure you don’t want to stay?” Jace said, giving him a hopeful look.





“No, I’m not very hungry.” He nodded to Magnus who was watching him as if he’d just bled from his palms.





“Okay. I guess I’ll see you in group. If you want I’ll come get you.” Troy walked out the door and waved absently behind him.





He headed to the elevators and Rebecca called out to him; the nurse that had led them to the cafeteria earlier today. “Hey Troy. How’s it going?” He stopped and gave her a tired smile.





“Pretty good.





“Are you going to counseling after lunch?”





“I’m pretty tired. I think I’ll lay down and pass on lunch, but yeah, I’ll be in group.”





“Ok, have a good nap.” Troy continued towards the elevators and when he glanced back around it was in time to see her scribbling something down.





CHAPTER 15





He was tired but didn’t realize that he could sleep so deeply in the middle of the day. Then he felt Jace shaking his bed and his eyes popped open. He rubbed them with his knuckles and yawned.





“What time is it? And why aren’t there clocks in this place?”





“Maybe they don’t want people to know when their seventy-two hours expires.” He reached for his cell phone. “We have about fifteen minutes before group.” Troy sat up and yawned.





“Thanks. I would have slept right through.”





“You sleep a lot.”





“Medicine. Don’t they give you medicine?”





He shrugged. “Anti-depressants. But I’ve been on those for years.” He handed him an apple. “I thought you might be hungry so brought you this.”





“Thanks.” He said gratefully and then took a big bite. He was a little hungry now, but wouldn’t have any trouble waiting until dinner time before eating a full meal. There had been many a time that’d he’d gone days without good food.





“Sorry about Magnus…you know, bringing up stuff about suicide.”





Troy swallowed down the apple pieces. “Don’t worry about it.”



Jace sat on his own bed, crossing his legs Indian style. “It’s just that three attempted suicides is nothing to brag about. Hell if you need three times then you don’t really want to die.”





Troy watched him thoughtfully. “How many times have you tried?”





The boy turned red. “Once.”





“Were you trying to…”





Jace flashed him an unfriendly look. “Get attention?”





“No, but I guess the question amounts to the same thing. But what I was going to say is; were you trying to actually die?”





He seemed to think about that then he came to his feet. “We better get going. They don’t come to get you for counseling. You either go or you don’t.”





The two were silent as they headed for the elevator, Troy allowing the younger boy to lead as he seemed to know the ins and outs. Once inside the elevator Jace turned to him.





“Why are you in here?”





Troy gave him an earnest look. “To get better. Why are you here?” The boy frowned.





There were eight people in group; Magnus, a middle aged woman with nervous eyes, a black guy with tattoos and a look like he wanted to kill someone, a blond haired blue-eyed cheerleader, an overweight woman who kept smiling at everyone, and lastly Troy and Jace.





The black man that Troy had come to know as Kelly, sat prominently in the center of the semi circle arrangement of chairs.





Troy immediately wanted to turn around and walk out. He had not forgotten that he had called this poor man by someone else’s name while he’d been semi-alert. What was surprising is that he had accepted the name without correcting him once.





“Hi Troy. Happy to see you.” He called out happily.





“Hey.” Troy murmured. Damn, they were so happy here. It wasn’t that he thought they were fake; they seemed earnest. But it was still annoying or unsettling, or…whatever.





“What’s happening, Jace?





“Hi Harold.” Jace responded amicably.





“Just grab a seat anywhere. We have no seating order.” This was for the benefit of Troy since Jace obviously knew all that needed to be known. Magnus patted one of the two empty seats next to her and Jace moved over to her. Troy followed.





“Did you have a good nap?” Magnus leaned forward in order to see past Jace so that she could speak to him.





“It was good. Thank you.” As an after-thought he added; “Who won at your game of poker?”





Jace responded. “Neither, we didn’t finish.”





“Well we can all play after counseling.” Magnus suggested.





Troy shrugged. “Maybe.” He didn’t like playing card games. It seemed frivolous and pointless. Who had time for that when you were scoping out your next bed and your next meal?





Harold/Kelly brought his big hands together. “Okay, looks like we got everyone that’s going to show up, so we’re going to get started. For the record, I am Dr. Harold Elliott. I have been working with Good Saints Hospital for over twenty years. I’ve grown up in a household with a mentally ill parent, so I believe that I have a unique understanding of the world of mental illness.





“Now some of you have been in group counseling before and it’s very simple. We’re going to cover one very simple rule; we don’t attack. We will have differences of opinions and that’s ok, just respect those differences. Now shall we all introduce ourselves?”





Magnus raised her hand and stood. “I’m Elissa Magnus, but everyone just calls me Magnus…” She looked at Harold. “Should we say why we’re here?”





Harold nodded. “If you would like.”





“Attempted suicide.” She looked around, seemingly unsure of how to continue. Then she flopped back down in her seat and began to chew her already shortened nails.





“Thank you Magnus. Jace would you go next please?” Jace pulled himself out of his chair. He was thin and nervous which was at odds to the talkative boy that Troy had met.





He cleared his throat. “I’m Jace MaCadue. I uh…” He cleared his throat. “…tried to commit suicide but obviously, it didn’t work.” Someone chuckled. “This is my third time here in Good Saints, but not for suicide.” He sat down quickly.





Troy tried not to show his curiosity. It wasn’t his business as to whether or not he had always been committed against his will. Having been in a few group therapy sessions before, Troy knew that it was best to just get it over with, so he stood up quickly.

“I’m Troy Hyden. I’m here because I’m going to have a baby and I want to…” the black guy snickered and Jace flashed him the evil eye while Troy ignored them both “…be as near to normal as I can be for my child.” He sat down then.





“Thank you Troy.”





The smiling overweight woman was next. She was depressed which had begun freaking out her family. Ahh, Troy figured out that she was on ‘happy’ pills. The black tattooed man was next. His boys said that he was talking crazy; thought he was paranoid schizophrenic, though he proclaimed that he wasn’t. Next was the cheerleader; alcohol and drug abuse. The middle aged woman had accidentally taken a bottle of sleeping pills after her husband had left her for his secretary.





Harold was watching his mysterious clipboard. “So many of you have a common link. Most everyone here has attempted suicide.”





Not me, thought Troy.





“I didn’t.” The black guy said, echoing his thought.





“Me either.” Spoke the cheerleader.





“No.” Harold agreed. “Not everyone has. But I still find it curious that so many have.”





Whatever. Suicide always wins the show in group therapy. They spoke at length about motivation and isolation. And the woman that had been cheated on began to cry when she said that she was so alone and that no one else would want her.





“Maybe your husband will want you back.” The Cheerleader said, and then she blushed when everyone stared at her. “That always happens, right? Well guys have second thoughts and they get it out of their system...” The woman looked hopeful.





Magnus gave a disgusted sigh and Harold’s eyes swung to her.





“Yes Magnus?”





She rolled her eyes. “Why should she want him back? So that he can cheat on her again? If I was her, I’d take him back and then dump him!” Most everyone agreed with that.





“Well…” The black man spoke. “That’s easy to sit here and say that. Yeah, she should cut off his-”





Harold cleared his throat.





“He’s not going to really feel sorry if she dies.” The man continued. “Hell, it might even push him and the other woman closer together. And if he felt guilty about it he might end up hating her for it.”





“So you think the suicide attempt is to get attention?” Harold said.





“Yes.” Was his simple response.





“Anyone else?” Harold asked. Everyone raised their hand except Troy and the woman.





“Troy, you don’t think she did it for attention?”





“I—don’t know…maybe. Maybe she just wanted to make it stop.”





The woman’s eyes got bright and she nodded. “Garry thinks I’m weak. What I did, just makes me look pathetic in his eyes. I didn’t want attention. I wanted to…stop hurting.”





“But you can’t make it stop by doing that.” The black man said vehemently and she shrugged. “So…how’d you do it?” He asked.





“Pills. I didn’t take enough to kill myself though.”





“Was that a cry for help?” The cheerleader asked. “Is that why you didn’t take enough?”





“No. I ran out.”





“Troy,” Harold said. “Why did you understand her feelings?”





“I don’t know if I did that. I just think that it’s human nature to want to live even if you think you want to die.” It was quiet for a moment and then Jace spoke for the first time.





“I don’t agree with that. Sometimes….it’s hard to even think of a reason to live.”





Troy nodded. “I’ve been there, brother.”





Everyone agreed.





Magnus flipped back her dark hair. “I don’t think it makes you pathetic. What’s pathetic is…the things that make you want to do it in the first place.”





Troy sighed. “Suicide is stupid.” He looked at her. “And it does make you pathetic. No one thinks you’re…tragic, except you.” Magnus turned redder by the second. “Jace certainly doesn’t and that lady doesn’t either. He sat up in his seat. “Hell, I’m trying to live.” He rubbed his face sorry that he had even spoken.





“Anyone agree with Troy?” Everyone but Magnus raised their hands.





Magnus’ voice was soft when she spoke. “Sounds like you have a reason to want to live. You have a baby on the way and I suppose a girl friend is attached to that. But if you didn’t have that…”



Troy grimaced. The session continued for nearly ninety minutes and by the time it had ended everyone was emotionally drained. Yet, Troy was happy that he’d joined. Though they never got around to speaking of his problems he found that there were so many common problems that each of them shared beyond tics and headaches and seizures.





He hurried out of the room but Jace caught up with him. “Hey, Troy I’m headed for the lounge. Want to play a round of checkers or chess?”





“Um…no. I don’t have patience to sit in one spot. I need to make a phone call.”





“Ok.” Jace tried to hide his disappointment. He went in search of Magnus who had ducked out and gone in a different direction.





“Troy!” Harold called him and he hid a groan and headed towards the big man. “Great session. Look, Dr. Barren and I were talking about you and we’d like to get you in to see a neurologist. How about tomorrow morning?”





His eyes brightened. “Really?”





“Clearly, you aren’t exhibiting symptoms of being bipolar.”





“Clearly?”





“Well we talked to your Mom and Dad; who haven’t really been around you in years. But…” He consulted his clipboard, flipping through several sheets. “…we spoke to a Miss Juicy Robinson. And she corroborates what you’ve said; no highs and no lows. Bipolar disorder mimics so many others.” He couldn’t focus on anything else that Harold said. He’d spoken to Juicy. He wanted to ask how she sounded but didn’t dare. For some reason he didn’t want Harold to know that Juicy wasn’t talking to him.





After chatting with Harold for a few more moments, he decided to go to the lounge. Jace had a cell phone and if he could use that he wouldn’t have to sneak and use a restricted phone and risk getting caught—and further, risk pissing someone off.





He searched the lounge on this floor and didn’t see Jace or Magnus, so he went to the other lounge and when he still didn’t find them he headed back to the room in hopes that they’d be there. “Oh!” He said quickly upon opening the door. “I thought you were gay…or…” Jace was making out with Magnus and they came apart quickly with the sound of the opening door. Troy turned to leave but Jace stopped him.





“You don’t have to leave. She’s leaving, right Magnus?” His voice was pretty cold to have just been sucking face with the girl. She gave him a hurt look. Quickly she jumped to her feet and hurried out of the room, brushing past Troy who closed the door slowly after her. He gave the boy a disapproving look.





“That wasn’t cool.”





“You’re right.” Jace flopped down on his back. “But I told her that I’m not gay. Dude, I’m straight.” He sighed in exasperation and then looked at Troy who rocked on his feet in confusion. “I don’t feel anything when I’m with a girl…except sick to my stomach. I’m not even bi. I’m straight.”





Troy was trying to figure out what he meant by his declaration of being straight. Straight guys went with females. Transgendered or not he was still a guy, or was he? “You are a guy, right? Because I assumed since you were sharing my room-”





“I told you that I was transgendered.”





“I…don’t know what that means.” He admitted. He thought he did, but obviously he didn’t. “I mean I know that you’re in the wrong body…” But did he have a penis or a vagina? It was all so confusing when all he wanted was to borrow a cell phone!





Jace sat up. “Imagine me as a girl; in a girl’s body.” Troy peeked at the miserable looking young man, trying hard to picture what he’d asked. “As a girl, I want what every girl wants. I want to get married to the man of my dreams. I want to look pretty. I want kids. But I’m stuck in a freaking man’s body!” Jace jumped off the bed and began to pace. “Magnus is nothing but a whore! I just want a friend and she just wants…” He walked to the small window and stared out with his back turned towards Troy.





Troy stared at the boy and then looked at the door. All he’d wanted was the phone…He sighed.





“I…I’m…I-I-”





“I’m not attracted to you.” Jace said absently. He looked over his shoulder at him and there was a bland expression on his face. “I like black guys--like the one that was in group. Magnus is the one that thinks you’re hot, not me.” Jace sighed and turned back to the window and Troy let out a relieved voice.





“I’ll be your friend if you don’t mind the fact that it will have to be a long distance friendship. I don’t live here, I live in Cincinnati, and pretty soon I’ll be heading back home. You seem like a good person, and that’s all I judge by. It doesn’t matter to me if you’re transgendered…I mean, as long as you aren’t attracted to me then it doesn’t matter.” Jace smirked.





“You seem like a nice guy, too.” He turned and leaned against the window sill and watched Troy. After a moment he seemed to come to a conclusion. “When I…you know…”





“Tried to commit suicide?”





Jace nodded. “I wasn’t trying to die. I thought I wanted to, until I saw blood everywhere. Then I knew that I wanted a chance. I’m not ever going to give birth to a baby or marry a straight guy, but I didn’t want to give up my chances for…something.”





Troy pulled out one of the desk chairs and sat in it backwards, watching Jace. “Are you going to get surgery to turn into a woman?”





“Yes. But it costs a lot. I want it while I’m young. I don’t want to be a fifty year old wrinkled woman before I can afford it. And my parents are…not on board with this.” He waved his hands dismissively. “The money is not the issue.” Jace opened and then closed his mouth. “I don’t want to talk about this anymore.” His voice cracked and his eyes watered.





“What don’t you want to talk about? Because, Jace, you are in a mental hospital so…you might as well do this now. It’s now or never time.”





He didn’t respond, but he did sit down in the other chair and very neatly crossed one leg over the other. His hand rested on his knee as he stared into space.





Troy waited. “Do you like some guy, but he doesn’t like you?” He prompted. Isn’t that what most teenage angst centered on?





“I like a lot of boys that don’t even notice me.” He shrugged dismissively and then swept his long black hair out of his eyes, still refusing to continue.





“So you know that you’re going…go-g-…” And then the world began to slip away from Troy. He knew it was going to happen an instant before it did, but there was nothing that he could do to stop it. One second he was talking and the next his mouth was hanging open. However, thirty seconds later his eyes cleared. They had never even shut. He took a few breaths and continued as if he hadn’t just lost consciousness. “…you’re going to get surgery. You know you’re going to become a woman. So-so wh-why commit suicide?”





Jace was staring blankly at nothing in particular, as if the man sitting across from him hadn’t just stopped talking in order to have a black out. “I tried to commit suicide because the only friend that I ever cared half a damn about dumped me.”





Troy waited.





Jace glanced at him, maybe waiting for him to say something that would cause him to clam up again. But Troy just watched him with interest. “We’re both in an online role-play group; you know what that is, right?”





“Yeah. I was in Wow.”





Jace nodded. “Well, we play in an online group where our avatars mimic real life. We have friends, we own a club. Our avatars…” He looked down at his hands. “We got married online.” His eyes suddenly flashed back up to meet Troy’s defiantly. “Yeah it’s stupid, but I looked forward to being with him! I can be myself with him and he doesn’t care that I have this…male body! I’m a woman when I’m online. I’m beautiful and I can have the dream. And I know it’s not real, okay?! I get that.”





“How long were you two together?”





Jace closed his eyes. “Two years. Not a day went by that I wasn’t with him at least to say hello. And most times we were together for hours and hours. I’d do my homework while we watched movies or danced on our private island. We’d do voice chat so that neither of us would have to be trapped to the computer screen. We had an entirely separate life online. Better then the life I have in real.”





“What happened?”





“He freaking dumped me!” Jace’s eyes were glassy again and it was plain that he fought not to cry. “It was like…he had been trying to pick fights. So one night we had a disagreement and the next day when I signed back in he had me blocked from everything that we had owned together. I was asking our friends what was going on and to go and check his home page and they told me that…um…” He sniffed and tears splashed from his eyes. He wiped them away angrily. “They told me that he had another person listed as his special someone. He had written this message about how he had walked in darkness until her light…HER.” He covered his eyes and sobbed. “It said that she was his light…” He cried as if his heart was breaking all over again.





Troy slid out of his chair and knelt by the boy. His own heart was breaking, listening to him weep. He didn’t always like to touch, but he placed his hand lightly on his back and pulled him into his arms. Jace slid into them easily and he cried freely while Troy held onto him. Troy murmured the soothing words that one says to people when they want them to know that it would get better…though he didn’t know if that was true for Jace.





“Do you think I’m a freak?” He whispered a long while later after the tears had dried up and after he had retreated to the restroom to splash his face.





“Why would I think that?” Troy gave him an amazed look. “No, you’re no freak. You’re a person that’s lost someone you loved and trusted.”





“Some say that I’m being foolish because it was just avatars-” Troy snorted.





“The avatars represented the two of you. Behind the avi’s are living, feeling people that feel no less pain than anyone else. I read somewhere that your brain doesn’t differentiate between the feelings that you experience in real versus what you experience as an avatar. If you love online it’s the same feeling of love that you have outside of the computer.”





Jace’s lip twisted into a half grin. “Thank you for listening. I mean, I’ve told this story before to other people, but…they think I’m a freak.” There was a light tapping at the door. Troy stood to answer it while Jace wiped at his face one last time.





“It’s time for dinner. You guys ready?” It was a new lady, not Rebecca. Her name tag said Joyce. Troy looked back at the boy to see if he was okay, but already the smile was in place on his face. Obviously a bit of the weight that he’d carried on his shoulders had chipped away.





In the cafeteria they saw Magnus but she ignored them and sat with two older women who didn’t appear to have ever seen her before.





“You should apologize to her.” Troy said while crushing crackers into a bowl of chili.





“I will. After dinner.” They talked amicably, mostly about music, which they both liked. Both were into alternative and liked groups like The Killers and Coheed and Cambria. Troy hadn’t kept up much with the music scene, but Jace had an MP3 player back in the room and he promised to let Troy listen. Then he remembered about the phone.





“Hey, do you think that I can use your cell phone to call my girlfriend? She lives in Cincinnati but I can’t make a long distance call from the phones in the lounge.” Jace shrugged apologetically.





“Sorry, dude. I don’t have long distance. The parent’s foot the bill for it so it’s pretty basic. I can’t even text.”





“Oh, okay.” Troy said in disappointment. Jace stood and picked up his tray.





“I’m going to catch up with Magnus, see if she’ll forgive me for being an ass. See you back in the room tonight?”





“Yeah. Good luck with her.” Troy was heading over to the lounge to call his folks again when a receptionist called out to him. He had never seen her before but she seemed to know him. Damn, why was it so impossible to move around in this place without gathering someone’s attention?!





“Troy, Dr. Barren has some papers that he would like you to fill out before your appointment tomorrow. She hefted a huge blue folder and handed it to him. She also handed him a small cup containing two pills. “This is medicine that the Doctor would like you to take an hour before bedtime. There is an informational printout about the medication and if you’d like to have someone read it to you then-”





“No, it’s fine. I think I can do it.” He headed to his room instead of the lounge, curious about the folder that he carried in his hands. He carefully pulled up the chair to the desk and withdrew the contents.





Frowning, he stared at the thick sheath of forms and documents. They listed every medication that he’d ever taken in his entire life and a request for a history of their effects. There was a place for him to document how he did every imaginable thing in life while on medication, as well as off of medication. There were questionnaires asking him to rate things from one to ten, there were questions that asked, ‘how true is this statement…’





As he considered the forms and documents, he thought about all of the work that it would take to make these questions work for him and for his family. He would not complain. He gnawed on his lip and searched the drawer for an ink pen and he thought deeply about every answer before writing it down.





***





The next morning Troy was again awakened by Jace nudging his bed. “Dude, you sleep too heavy!” Troy sat up in bed weakly. Damn he was still tired. “I can’t eat breakfast…I’m too tired.”





“You slept through breakfast. But I brought you some eggs and bacon and stuff that I saw you eating yesterday.” His eyes opened wide and he jumped out of bed.





“Shit! I have a Doctor’s appointment!” He looked around, but not sure for what. He had slept in his clothes and so was already dressed. He quickly ran his hands through his hair.





“Relax. Someone will come down for you when they’re ready for you.” Jace moved towards the folder and picked up the thick file. “Damn, you finished this all?”





Troy took it from him, almost protectively. He’d spent most of the night working on it. “Yeah.” He hugged it.





“What time did you go to bed?” Troy shrugged and sat down at the desk where a tray of cold breakfast sat. “You’re the only one with the time.” He forked eggs into his mouth without tasting them. He was hungry and didn’t care that they tasted like styrofoam.





Jace seemed in deep thought as he tried to figure out a timeline. “Well I went to sleep about 11:30.” He’d given his MP3 player to Troy to listen to and he’d been happily nodding his head in time with the music as he completed his task. Then he took the medicine, by that time Jace had been asleep for about an hour and he figured that he’d be about another hour working on it, but he’d been a lot closer to three.





“What time is it now?”





“9:15.” He responded after checking his cell phone.





“I think I worked on it until about 3 am.” He scooped up fried potatoes with his toast and chewed them quickly. “Thanks for breakfast.”





“You’re welcome. You know…I don’t think they expected you to do that all in one day…”





He didn’t respond, he was thinking about slipping back into bed; lack of sleep was bad enough but add to that the drugs and he felt half dead. He didn’t even get a chance to get to his coffee before there was the knock on the door. He cursed under his breath, jumping up and hurrying to the restroom. “Tell them I’ll be right out!”





Five minutes later he’d washed his face, brushed his teeth and used the toilet and then he and Rebecca were back in the elevator and going down to the main floor where he’d last seen his father two days before.





Rebecca was holding his folder and it had not been easy for him to let it go. He felt pretty anxious about it…and this is what he disliked about medication; this anxiety was not his anxiety but the medication’s.





The medical center on the entry level was accessible by anyone so there were people milling around that weren’t just patients. He wondered what he looked like to them. Did he look like he had just come down from the mental ward? Did he look like a homeless bum?





Troy spent the next four hours being poked, prodded, scanned, and questioned. He was asked to get on a treadmill and run, he was asked to give himself a seizure which he did easily by sitting in the doctor’s chair and spinning it rapidly. He was told to sweat, to urinate, to bend over and when he was done he returned to his room and curled up in his bed and slept.





When he woke up it was to Jace, once again, in his personal space. He blinked at the boy feeling disconnected. He’d just received another dose of medicine and he was beyond tired. He stared at Jace who’s black hair half concealed his dainty face.





“You look like a girl…” He murmured. Jace smiled.





“Thanks. Sorry to wake you, I’m sure you’re tired. But it’s time for me leave.”





Troy pulled himself up into a sitting position. His grey eyes were still half closed but he fought the fatigue. “What time is it?”





“Just after dinner.” The young man gestured to the desk. “I brought you a burger in case you’re hungry.”





“Jace, you’re a good friend. And you’ll make some guy a fine wife. I’ll keep my eye opened for a black guy for you. One who won’t care that you have a penis and no breasts.” He yawned, eyes closing.





Jace smiled and watched the tired man. “Take care of yourself Troy and good luck to you.” But Troy didn’t hear. He was sitting up and sleeping.





The next day Troy had one last counseling session with Dr. Barren. He hated seeing Jace’s empty bed and asked Rebecca where the boy would be going as she led him to his appointment.





“Well, as you know, Jace has some issues that he has to come to terms with. He will be in 14 day hold at a long term facility.” He nodded knowing that Rebecca didn’t have to let him know this and he was thankful that she’d told him even though it saddened him.





Dr. Barren shook his hand in greeting and asked him to sit and to make himself comfortable. “I hear you’ve had quite the busy day?”





“I wish I could get some sleep.” He responded with a yawn. He didn’t like yawning in conversation but couldn’t help it.





“Don’t try to fight what the medication is trying to do. It’s trying to relax the portion of your brain that is prone to seizures. We’re pretty confident that we can reduce the frequency of them.”





Troy listened intently. “And the headaches?”





“That’s a tougher puzzle. We are working on discovering if you have an allergy, maybe to certain food; just isolating a trigger may take some time. But there is medicine that will treat the pain. You shouldn’t have to live with that.” Troy nodded once, not sure if he could trust himself to answer.





“Now, we haven’t gotten your test results back but we are pretty sure of two things. First you don’t seem to be bipolar. I know from you and your parents that this has been a big concern for you. I know the diagnosis of bipolar syndrome is often times misread. I think this is what happened in your case. For a while, it was very popular to say, ‘this person is bipolar, give him some medicine.’ We are moving away from those generalities.”





The doctor sighed, “second, and the biggest thing is this; none of us think that you suffer any mental illness at all.” Troy’s eyes grew wide and Dr. Barren smiled. “You react to your migraines and to your seizures. But you have coherency, formal thought order. You have no First Rank symptoms and I doubt if you ever had. In other words; your brain doesn’t look like the brain of a schizophrenic, you don’t have any of the symptoms of a schizophrenic. You have normal highs and lows. Troy, your reaction to stimuli is typical.”





“W-well…w-why…?” Troy lifted his palms trying to say a million things but not able to say one.





“Why?” The doctor smiled at him patiently.





He nodded.





“Why, what?” He made a circling motion, indicating for him to continue.





Troy looked off into the distance. “Why…why do I think crazy thoughts?”





“Such as?” Troy resisted trying to analyze whether or not this question would lead the Doctor to rethink his diagnosis. But it was as he’d told Jace; it was now or never time.





“That the world is a big fat trap waiting to close in on us.”





“Ahh.” He opened a file. “You have some very strong ideas about ‘owning’ possessions and feeling trapped by them.”





Trapped?





“And you reject them before they can be taken away from you.”





Troy began to sweat and his heart was beating rapidly. Freaking medicine…





“You also think that certain items such as cell phones, internet, credit cards are designed to suck you into a pit of additional spending.” Dr. Barren lowered his glasses and looked at Troy honestly. “Well how is any of that psychotic thinking? You may see things much clearer than the average person. And that most people have no choice but to live with these ‘trappings’ just might mean that they put on blinders to cope with it.” Dr. Barren closed the folder. “And having controversial or unpopular ideas doesn’t make for mental illness. But it wouldn’t hurt to talk to a psychiatrist. I’d recommend it.”





He picked up an ink pen and began to write on a pad of paper. “I made some calls to a neurologist. He can see you as soon as next week. Troy, this man is top in his field. He can look at your brain and see things that will tell him which medicines will be best for you. Call his receptionist to confirm and I think that this will put you on the right track to managing your condition.” Troy took the paper and stared at it as if it were gold. Dr Barren rose and offered his hand. Troy shook it enthusiastically.





“I’d like to continue monitoring you and your reaction to the medication for the rest of your stay. We have you on phenytoin. How have your seizures been?”





“I haven’t had one today.” Of course he’d slept up until it was time for his visit.





“Absence seizures do well on that medication.”





Troy was all smiles as he gripped his piece of paper and waved goodbye to Dr. Barren. “Thank you!” He hurried out of the room and to the lounge so that he could call his parents.





CHAPTER 16





Things happened rapidly after that. Troy left Good Saints the next day. His Mom, Dad, Lori, and Bob were there in the lobby waiting for him. He was so surprised to see them that he had to stop a few moments just to absorb how wonderful it was not to have to walk alone in life. He was so accustomed to being alone that he still hadn’t absorbed the fact that his family was at his side now—now that he had allowed them to be.





Deep down he felt regret at all of the time that he’d lost, regret that he was here and Juicy was somewhere else, but he didn’t want sad thoughts, so he immediately pushed those away to the back of his mind.





They went to The Cracker Barrel for dinner and the topic of conversation was his misdiagnosis of mental illness. Though his parents had already shared this information, at one point Bob excused himself from the table. When he returned his eyes were red from crying. Troy looked at his older brother and for once—for the very first time, he understood just how loved he’d always been.





There was a time when he would have killed himself. Now he understood that if he had done such a thing—he would have killed them as well.





Once he was back at his parent’s house, Troy hurried up to his old bedroom and dialed Juicy’s cell phone.





“Hello. I’m not available right now. If you would like to make an appointment-” Troy slammed the phone down in the middle of her generic message. He’d already listened to that same fucking message half a million times…and she still hadn’t called.





“Damnit, Juicy! Why can’t you just…answer the phone?! Just…” He grabbed his duffel bag and…well there wasn’t anything to pack since he’d come empty handed. He jogged down the stairs.





“I need to go to the bus station. I’m going home.”





“Is there something wrong with Juicy?” Mom asked with a serious frown on her face.





“No. I mean, I can’t get in touch with her. She won’t answer, she won’t call.”





“Well what about the appointment with the neurologist?”





Troy was shaking his head and pacing. “I’ll have to get a specialist in Cincinnati.”





Dad went in to grab his keys. “Okay, let’s go.”





“Troy!” Mom never raised her voice and he and his father stopped in their tracks surprised.





“No! No no no!”



“What?” Troy said with a confused frown. His mother’s hands were balled into fists.





“I know exactly what’s going to happen when you leave here. You will go back to Cincinnati. You will call to make an appointment with some doctor, try to see a neurologist. But he won’t be anywhere as good as this doctor. It might take you a month, maybe two to see a good one. Meanwhile all of the work you have done so far will be gone. Your child will be born…and I promise you that you will be too afraid to hold him in your hands!” Her face turned beet red.





“You will stay here at least until you see that neurologist! And you will get a referral from him to a specialist in Cincinnati! You will not leave here until you have done at least that!”





Troy stared at her. She glared at him. His adam’s apple bobbed and he nodded his head once and slowly went back up the stairs.





***





“I went to see the neurologist today.” Troy was lying on his bed. It was three days later. He’d been leaving long messages in which he just pretended that she was talking to him. It was okay to do that since he wasn’t really crazy.





“Babe, he put me through every test imaginable. EEG, MRI, blood, urine. And then more forms, more documents and he took me off the phenytoin and put me on something called ethosuximide.” He rambled on and on about side effects, different medicine, how much they cost.





“He’s giving me a referral to a good neurologist in Cincinnati. He wants to see me one more time in three days to see how this medication interacts with my headaches. But after that…well I’ll come home. I miss you lots, Juice. Do you miss me?” He waited but of course she wasn’t really there. He hung up slowly.





He called Juicy several times a day; if he had a thought that he wanted to share with her or just to say goodnight or good morning. He stopped becoming upset if she didn’t answer because he was doing what he needed to do and that was all there was to it.





“Hi Juice.” He murmured into the phone, eyes drooping. “I was I was I was…I was trying to call you be-before the migraine hit but I was too late. So sooooooo…I love you…”





The next morning he called and said. “Hey Juice, I was holding the phone in my hand when I woke up this morning. Did I call you?”





Later he called to say; “Oh man, this medicine is jacking me up. I keep blacking out. Not sure if I can do this one.”





That night he called to say; “Hey Juice? Do you think Miss Vernetta is mad at me because I didn’t bring her cookies?”





***





“Hi J-Juice. I’ve been having bad seizures.” He was gripping his stomach as he paced in his bedroom. “I’m tired a lot but its okay. The medicine is just showing up in my system is all. We think that one of the medications that I’m taking for the migraines is interacting badly with the seizure medicine which is making it worse than ever. I told the doctor that I don’t want treatment for the migraines. They aren’t as often and he can just give me something to reduce the pain once it is already happening.





“Also, something is really bothering my stomach.” He paused. “Are you…there? I’ll be coming home tomorrow. It’s been almost two weeks and I miss you so much. You know what he told me? He told me that my focal seizures may go away permanently with medicine and that means that I’ll be able to drive.” He hadn’t thought he’d ever be able to do that, now it was another goal.





“It would be nice not to have to carry the muffins on the bus. Do you know how often people try to buy them off of me?” He chuckled. “I miss you and I miss the shop and the ladies and baking.” He sighed. “I want to hold you, Juice.” He hung up and then hurried to the toilet.





The next day he called her again. “Juice? Please answer just once. I’m going to the bus station now. Everyone in my family will be sending me off; even my little nieces and nephews. I told them they’d be having another little cousin real soon…So, I guess I’ll see you in a few hours. Juice…I really needed you.” He hung up the phone with a disappointed sigh. After a moment of staring at the phone, hoping that it would ring he picked it up and dialed the hospital that he’d only just recently been a patient.





He asked to speak to Rebecca and got some information that he needed then he went downstairs. “On the way to the bus station, do you think we can make a quick stop?”





Troy walked down the white linoleum floor, following an orange stripe that would lead him to the psychiatric ward. He stopped at the receptionist desk. These people dressed in nurses clothing. He spoke to her for a few moments and she pointed a short distance down the hall.





When he reached the room that he was looking for, he knocked on the door lightly. A few moments later Jace Macadue opened it and his eyes grew large with surprise. Troy grinned sheepishly.





“What-?”





“I’m a visitor, not a patient.” He explained.





Jace grinned broadly. “You came to visit me?”





Troy entered the room and looked around. “Isn’t that what friends do?”





CHAPTER 17





“Troy, I want to come with you.” Bob said seriously.





“You want to run away from home?” Troy joked. He knew that everyone was afraid for him, concerned about him going away from them and wondering how fragile his emotions were. After all he was on a new course of medication and that alone was enough to cause some concern. He blacked out more frequently, his tremors were more pronounced and he had bouts of stomach problems.





But he had faced things tougher than that and survived. Maybe one day he would share those things with his family; but only if they asked.





“You might need…someone to talk to.” His lip twisted grimly. He thought that Juicy would dump his ass or an argument might send him flying off the handle.





“You’re just a phone call away, right?”





Bob nodded. “But if you need your big brother I’ll be there in a flash, right by your side Troy.”





He looked down. “I know.” They hugged briefly and Troy boarded the bus back to Cincinnati; back to his life and his future.





***





It didn’t really make sense that he didn’t have a cell phone. In actuality, his life would be so much simpler if he didn’t have to worry about having change so that he could call Juicy to tell her that he was getting off the bus and waiting for a cab. And yes, he was going to use his brand new CREDIT CARD to pay for the fare. Some things were too much of a hassle to deal with; like stopping at an ATM machine when he ran out of ready cash, so while back in Connecticut he had received his very first credit card.





As the cab let him out in front of the Brownstone that was his home, he thought about Juicy’s dark, nearly black eyes that slanted slightly and looked so beautiful on her rounded face, and her deep chocolate skin highlighted by her long golden dreds. His heart began to pound in anticipation as he hurried up the stairs. Two weeks was a long time not to see the woman that you’re in love with.





He slipped the key into the lock and was calling her name before he even pushed open the door. “Juicy?!” He looked around. The apartment was a mess. He closed the front door and walked inside, stunned. He stooped to pick up clothes. It was as if she’d come home and stepped right out of her clothes as she walked.





“Juice?” He hurried into the spare room, the one that had been used to do her customer’s hair. It was the same as they’d left it. Then he checked her bedroom. The room smelled. There was old food containers, plates with old dried up food on it, the bed even had food on it. He had never seen this apartment in disarray. Juicy prided herself on being neat and clean.





Troy took a step to the phone and felt his head spin. “Shit!” Not now! He clapped his hand loudly. “Don’t you dare! Don’t you black out! Don’t! You are not going to…to…” He sighed and his face went slack. His eyes went glassy as he stared unseeing into the distance.





Less than a minute later he took a stumbling step forward. For a moment he couldn’t remember where he was and what he’d been doing. Something was badly wrong but he couldn’t—JUICY! He reached for the phone and dialed the shop but when he put the phone to his ear he heard nothing. He looked down and saw that it had been unplugged. He reached down and quickly plugged the end into the receptacle. She had unplugged the phone…





He began to panic and pace as he dialed the number to the shop.





It rang impossibly long before someone answered. “Hello, Juicy’s house of hair. How can-”





“Let me speak to Juicy!” His words came out all run together.





“Huh?” came the voice. “Is this Candyman?”





“Yes! Where’s Juicy?”





“Juicy ain’t here. She ain’t been here in almost two weeks and she don’t answer her phone. Look, Troy, I don’t mind-”





“What?!”





Ebonique got quiet. “Troy? Didn’t you know?”





He ran his hand through his hair, his face falling. “Well…where is she?”





“Well I don’t know…I assumed she was at home on bedrest. She asked me to watch the shop because she’s sick. She’s got some disease or-”





“DISEASE?!” He started panting and dots were forming in front of his eyes. Not happening! Not again! He stomped his feet and kept pacing to fight off another bout of unconsciousness. “What do you mean, disease?!”





“Okay! Don’t yell at me!”





“I’m sorry Eboni, but-”





“She got something called Fre-erasia, or…something like that.”





Fre-erasia? He repeated the word over and over trying to understand it.





“Look, Candyman, Juicy’s customers keep calling here asking for her and cussing us out. She going to lose her customer’s if she ain’t careful.”





“Uh…I’ll call you back later.” He sat down on the couch, flopping down more than sitting down. “Fre-erasia.” He looked around suddenly, than he tore through the apartment searching for some paperwork. If she was sick then there had to be something…an invoice, something. This is why the bedroom looked as it did. She was supposed to be on bed rest—and he hadn’t been here. She had been sick and he hadn’t been here!





Then he found what he was looking for in the kitchen on the cluttered counter. There was an appointment card that said Weds. May 23 5pm. Dr. Luenenberger. Tri Health Associates. He checked the clock. It was five til six. She was at the doctor’s then. He relaxed a little. Then he went to the phone again and dialed the number on the card.





“H-he-hello. I-I’m tr-trying toooo…” He took a deep breath and calmed down. “…trying to get in t-touch with my g-girlfriend. Her name is Juicy Robinson and she has an appointment t-today.”





“Oh, Miss Robinson, you just missed her. I checked her out myself.”





“Oh…ok.” He was just getting ready to hang up when he remembered. “Oh! Can I ask you a question?”





“Okay.” She said in a guarded voice.





“Is there a disease called fre-erasia?”





“Huh?”





“Never mind. Thanks.” He hung up. He looked at the clock once again and then checked the fridge. She’d been shopping. Good, he would do what he did best.





***





Juicy walked up the apartment stairs, stopping once to rest. She was so tired. It wasn’t the fact that she carried a bag filled with oranges, apples, bananas some more of that grotesque raw spinach, romaine lettuce, roma tomatoes and ranch dressing. She was just tired all of the time now. She wanted to get into the house, step out of her clothes, make a quick salad and then climb into bed and lay down. That should make Dr. Lueneneberger happy. He was always harping on her blood pressure and staying off her feet. But how did he expect her to get to his office every three days if she was really off her feet? He wasn’t offering to make a house call!





She slipped the key into the lock and opened the door kicking it closed behind her. She stepped out of her shoes and was half way to the kitchen before she heard his quiet voice.





“Juice?” She jumped. Troy was standing in the doorway of the bedroom. She blinked and looked around, coming out of a fog. The apartment had been cleaned and was that the aroma of roast beef coming from the oven?





He came forward and nervously swept back his hair. He needed another cut, it was back to falling into his eyes.





“You haven’t been to the shop in days-” he began.



“How would you know?”





He studied her listless expression. “Right.” He quickly took the bag from her arms and carried it to the kitchen. Juicy didn’t respond, didn’t really seem to care. He looked back at her, unnerved by the blank expression on her face. “I called the shop when I couldn’t get you here.” Juicy moved to the kitchen with him, but went directly to the fridge and got a bottled water. She didn’t seem to be listening. He absently started unpacking the bag.





“I’ve been calling and calling; both your cell as well as the home phone…but I didn’t realize that you’d unplugged it.” She shrugged. “So I plugged it back in and called the shop. Eboni told me that you were home sick and no one’s been able to reach you and well…I waited.” He looked around, “and cleaned.” He looked at her belly and wanted to touch it, to touch her. But not when she looked like she’d rather him leave then be here.





“What’s wrong with you Juice? Is the baby okay?”





Her expression frosted over. “No…You don’t get to ask me that! You don’t get to just walk back in here after two weeks, then ask me questions!” She slammed the half filled bottle onto the breakfast bar.





He was nodding his head in complete acceptance of her words. “I checked myself into a mental hospital; seventy-two hour hold. It’s what I told you in my messages.” She watched him without the slightest inkling of interest. “You didn’t even listen to even one of them, did you?” He couldn’t even pretend to hide the disappointment on his face.





She sucked in an annoyed breath and walked into the bedroom where she stripped out of her clothes, letting them drop to the floor. He followed feeling his disappointment turn into annoyance. He’d been doing all of this for her; her and the baby. But she didn’t give a damn about anything but her own anger.





“Jeez…thanks a lot, Juicy, because for once I really needed you!”





She slipped on oversized athletic shorts and a t-shirt that stretched over the round of her belly. “Then you should have been here instead of running off to your Momma and Daddy. When shit gets tough, that’s what you’re going to do.” She climbed into the freshly made bed without commenting on how clean everything now was.





He scratched his head and watched her. “There is so much that I wanted…I wanted to tell you. But I know you don’t want to hear it. Maybe you’re right and I shouldn’t have gone to my parents to help me. But what I needed from them, you wouldn’t have been able to do for me, because what I needed was to be a better son.”





She suddenly sat up in bed. “Troy! You left me when I told you that I was pregnant. You walked out the door and went to another flippin’ state! You’ve only just now come back—TWO ENTIRE WEEKS LATER! You can tell me all of the stories that you want as to why you left and why it took you two weeks to come back, but all I know is that I am here and you are there and it was you that walked out and not me! So, I’m not going to fall for your sob story! You are a bastard! You can walk out on me and use your ILLNESS as an excuse. I thought that I could trust you…then you just left! Just like everybody else. I’m not EVER going to depend on you, Troy. I’m never going to trust you! So, let me make this clear; I don’t give a shit what you do, or what you say!” His face had turned white as he stared at the screaming pregnant woman.





She got out of the bed still glaring at him. “Want to know ‘how I’m doing?’ I’m flipping doing wonderful, thank you very much.” She put her hands on her hips as she spoke sarcastically. “I have gestational high blood pressure. Every time I get angry, upset, worried then my blood pressure spikes—and so does the baby’s. If I get sick, she gets sick-- and yes; she. She’s a girl. My blood pressure is so high right now that my doctor wants to take the baby but he can’t, because even though the pre-eclampsia made her bigger her lungs are dangerously under developed. So guess what I have to do? I have to lie in that bed so that I can save me and my baby’s life! In case I didn’t say it; thank you for cleaning, thank you for making dinner! But no matter what you do, I will never let you back into my heart again; EVER!”





Troy’s mouth was a thin line in his very pale face. She knew it was a migraine; knew the signs but didn’t say anything more. Pain like nothing he’d ever before felt encased his heart, not his head. He reached into his pocket and pulled out three bottles of pills. He placed them on the dresser. When he spoke his voice was barely above a whisper.





“I’m going to take these everyday for the rest of my life, so that my child won’t ever say what you just said to me.” Troy left the room and Juicy lay there trying to catch her breath and waiting for her heart to stop drumming in her chest. She felt the sweat beading on her forehead and pushed back her angry tears.





She heard noise in the kitchen, cabinets opening, oven door and a few moments later Troy returned to the bedroom carrying a tray containing a plate piled high with meatloaf, mashed potatoes, the fresh green beans that she’d bought earlier in the week but had been too lazy to cook, as well as cornbread made with white cornmeal instead of the yellow that everyone else seemed to use.





He placed the tray on the bed without looking at her. “I don’t know much about gestational…what you said, but if this food isn’t healthy I’ll do some research at the library and cook healthier.” He left the room without looking at her. Juicy picked up the tray and began to eat. It was good. Tears splashed from her eyes as she looked at the blurred plate.





Later he returned and picked up the tray with the half eaten food. She was lying on her side but not able to sleep.





“Do you want to see a picture of her?” His light gray eyes met her dark ones. The strain around both of their eyes began to relax. “In my purse is an ultrasound picture.” Troy left the tray on the bed and rushed into the living room where her purse sat on the cocktail table.





He had never gone through her purse before, but this time he did so without thought, shoving things aside until he saw several folded ultra sound prints. His breath came out in a gust. He stared at them while sinking to the couch. His hands trembled and his face suddenly broke as tears slid down his cheeks. He stared at his daughter. His daughter.





Juicy had slipped out of bed and was standing in the bedroom door watching him. Overcome with emotion he silently sobbed while he stared at the pictures, murmuring something that sounded like, “...I’ll die….”





She’d seen Troy in so many ways, funny, strong, fearless, scared…but never completely broken. The tight anger that had gripped her soul began to loosen. She wasn’t ready to let it go, but she couldn’t help but be affected by his weeping. But what was he saying?





“What?” Juicy ambled over to him. “What did you say?”





He looked at her with red eyes. “Magnus was right. I’ll die without you and my daughter. You’re all I’m living for right now.” He choked on a sob and stared back at the picture.





She felt hot and cold all at once as she stared down at the young man who had warded off a group of thug attackers for her, who had carried her to the hospital and who had sat with her for days on end even though she was just a stranger.





The tight band disappeared. “Who is Magnus?”





His eyes moved from the picture to her. “Magnus is a girl that was in seventy-two hour hold.”





“Oh.” She moved forward until she was standing directly in front of her. “Tell me about her.”





He paused, staring at her. Juicy held out her hand. “Tell me about Magnus and seventy-two hour hold and being a good son and everything.”





He nodded and placed the picture of his daughter on the cocktail table. Then he stood up slowly and gave her his hand. She led him into the bedroom where she carefully climbed into bed watching him as she curled up comfortably under the covers. He took the tray of food back to the kitchen and when he returned to the bedroom he stood by the bed and watched her momentarily before sliding off his pants and shirt, sitting on the edge of the bed to remove his shoes and socks. When he was down to his boxers he slid into bed and stared deeply into her eyes. She thought of that phrase, ‘bump’ in the road. They’d just had that and had walked around it and continued, yet the bump was still there.





He reached out tentatively and placed his hand on her belly. Only then did his face lose the last of its tension. Juicy placed her hand over his. Maybe they would one day forget about that bump…





“Magnus is a girl that makes a hobby out of attempted suicide…” Troy began. He talked slowly at first, carefully reciting the events of seventy-two hour hold, but as the night moved on, his voice returned to the one that Juicy recognized; filled with animation and excitement. He was grinning when he revealed that he didn’t have a diagnosis of mental illness.





Juicy sat up on her elbows, eyes wide. “What? You’re not mentally ill?”





He gave her a wry grin. “Wow…don’t sound so surprised.”





She chuckled and lay back down. “No, I just-”





“Evidently having crazy ideas doesn’t actually make you crazy.”





“I guess I’m the only ‘crazy’ in the family, then.” Her brow creased and he watched her silently.





“Get some rest, love. We’ll talk more tomorrow.”





“Wait, I want to know about the medicine.”





“It makes me sick. But in the long run it will make me better.” He said simply. “Turn around Juicy.”





“Huh?” He made a circle motion with his hands and she turned to face away from him. She felt his hand slide across her swollen belly and his body spoon against her back. She sighed in pleasure and her eyes began to droop.





“I love you, Juice.” He kissed the back of her neck, and buried his face into her golden dredlocks where he began to drift off to sleep to the smell of her hair conditioner and the shea butter that she rubbed on her skin.





“Love you…” she murmured.





CHAPTER 18





Troy woke up before Juicy. He looked around for the alarm clock but didn’t see it. Then he showered and shaved, took his medicine and made breakfast of hard boiled eggs, bran muffins and tea. He wrote a quick note to her letting her know that he had gone to the library and would be back by noon. He set her food on the tray beside her bed and kissed her goodbye. Then he leaned down and placed his lips on her belly.





There were libraries all over Cincinnati but he went to the main branch downtown. He stopped in a drugstore first and bought a pay by the minute cell phone. There was no way that he wanted Juicy to need to get in touch with him and not be able to. At the library he logged into one of the computers. He did research on pre-eclampsia. Juicy was overweight, she had a bad diet and she hadn’t received any prenatal care until late in her pregnancy.





He winced as he read the implications. Troy was almost a robot as he headed for the nearest pawnshop. He couldn’t stop thinking about how disastrous his leaving could have been and may still be. If she…if anything happened to either of them then he would forever hold himself responsible. He had to make her life stressfree.





At the pawn shop he bought a used laptop computer that actually looked pretty good. He then headed over to the shop, hailing a cab. Yes, it did take money to be normal, but it was necessary in order to give him and his family a better quality of life. And he knew that this was the reason that people did the things that he had always rejected—in order to make things better.





When he stepped into the shop he was surprised at the greeting he received. “Candyman!” It was obvious that it was true pleasure in which they greeted the young man. He smiled and waved. Old Miss Vernetta jumped to her feet.





“Where are those cookies you were supposed to bake for me, boy?!” But he knew that her words were spoken with good natured brusqueness. He wanted to hug the old woman and kiss her wrinkled cheek and tell her that he missed her too. Instead he winked and said,





“I got you, Miss Vernetta. You know I’m not going to forget about you!” The old lady looked as if she would blush.





Someone else said, “And what about the muffins?”





“Yeah, what about the rest of us?”





“You know that’s the only reason we let a white man into the shop!”





Everyone started laughing.





“Uhm…I thought it was because I was part owner.” He chuckled. “I’ve been out of town. But we’re trying to get everything back on track now.”





“How is Juicy?”





“Yeah. Poor thing ain’t been around in ages and that ain’t like her to miss out on some money.”





Eboni waved a curling iron. “I told y’all she got the Fre-erasia and got to stay off her feet.”





“Ahh.” Someone said. “My cousin had that, and that ain’t no joke. Her boy was born with a waterhead.”





“Shhh!” Someone gestured to Troy.





“She has pre-eclampsia. And it’s high blood pressure. So, I’m going to be taking over here until she’s better.”





The room got quiet, not a sound could be heard. “What exactly do you mean ‘taking over’ here?” Miss Barbara Jean spoke. She gave him an up and down look.





He held up his hand apologetically. “I just mean I’m going to be making the deposits, doing stock, cleaning up.”





Everyone sighed in relief. “Thought you was going to come up in here and turn this into a white ‘hair salon.’” Someone said.





“Ain’t nothing wrong with white hair salons.” A young woman spoke. “They got ten dollar haircuts. Shit, I go there for my cut and get my perms here.”





Troy went back to the office while they continued with their conversation. “Eboni, can you show me what’s been going on?”





“Sure, Candyman. Let me put Miss Frasier under the dryer.”





The count was good and the books in order, but the utility bills needed paying for the month. They were already past due but not in a danger zone situation. When he got the computer set up at home then he’d be able to do this over the computer.





“Eboni, I can’t stay around her because I’m looking after Juice. I appreciate all that you’ve done these two weeks, but I think I’m going to have to hire someone to answer phones, keep up with the stock, cleaning. I can come in in the morning to mop and clean the bathroom and wipe everything down.”





“Well you ain’t gotta get an extra cleaning person. Let them lazy heffa’s clean up their own workstation!” She waved her hand in the direction of the salon area. “Look, Juicy told me that I can keep my booth fees, which you know is hellafied but I ain’t complaining since she’s got a reputation for doing good hair and people around these parts know her. But if you let me keep my booth fees then I can pick up at the end of the day, keep things straight here and check the voicemail at the end of the day. Then the workers can leave their payments with me at the end of the week and you can collect it then and make your deposit, cool?”





He looked at her in appreciation. “Cool.”





“Now you just go home and take care of your woman. And tell her that we are holding it down and miss her crazy ass!”





He smiled as he was ushered out of the shop. “Alright.” He picked up the laptop and checked the time on his new cell phone and then he hurried around the corner to catch the bus.





He got home at 11:45 and Juicy was sitting propped up in bed watching television. She smiled when he walked into the room.





“I got a surprise for you!” He beamed. He climbed into bed and showed her the laptop after plugging it in.





“We’re going to need internet.” She gave him a curious look, smiling at the mechanical device as it warmed up.





“Yeah. I’ll order that in a bit. Turn on the hotspot key and let’s see if there is free internet.”





“I have no idea what that meant.” She said, still smiling at her new toy.





He searched for the wireless switch and sure enough the internet indicator came on. Ha, maybe they wouldn’t need to order internet after all.





“How are you feeling?” He asked after they had played on it for a while.





“Sleepy.” She responded. “You?”





“The same.”





“Did you take your medicine?”





“Yes.”





“Tell me about the medicine; what it does, side effects, everything.”





“Okay. But I need to make lunch, aren’t you hungry?”





“Yep. I ate the eggs. Thanks. You can make a salad, that will be quick, and I can come into the kitchen and watch you; I’ll sit in the chair.”





“Hmmm. Will you put your feet up?”





“Yes.”





“Okay.” He stood up and yawned. “I need to…” He blinked but didn’t say anything else.





“What?” She waited. “Troy?”





His eye twitched and then his neck and mouth, and then it was over. “I need to call my Mom and Dad. They’re probably worried sick.”





“That was short.”





“What was?” He gave her a confused look.





“That seizure.”





“I had a seizure?”





“I think so.”





“How quick?”





“Five seconds…”





“Hmmm. Cool.” He whipped out his cell phone. “Ta daahh!”





“Damn. You bought a cell phone? You sure that medicine works for more than just seizures?”





She stood and walked into the kitchen while Troy made his first call on his own cell phone.





Then he made lunch while Juicy sat in two chairs; one for her butt the other for her feet. He told her about the different medications, about pain killers for migraines, he told her about possible liver damage, weight loss, chronic fatigue…but he also told her about driving a car and holding his baby without worrying about dropping her.





They went back to the bedroom and ate there, munching salad and apple slices.





“We need to start buying stuff for the baby.” He said. “…and thinking of a name.”





“I’ve been thinking of names.” She said shyly.





“Juicy, with all do respect, I don’t want a daughter named Juicy Jr.”





She popped him playfully in the head. “I was thinking Jasmine, after my Mom Jassmina.”





He smiled gently. “That’s beautiful, honey. Jasmine Hyden.”





“Hyden?!” Juicy joked. “Jasmine Robinson.”





“That is so mean.” He said. “Well, I was going to do this on our one year anniversary but whats three or four more months.” He took her hand. “Juicy Robinson, would you please grant me the honor of becoming my wife? Juicy Hyden is such a pretty name. Don’t you think, babe? Juicy and Jasmine Hyden…and however many more little Hyden’s we decide to create. Would you like to do that with me?”





She took a deep breath and placed her hand on her belly. “Yeah…there is only one man in the world that I think I’d want to do that with, and that’s you honey.”





He kissed her, lingering into it for a few moments before withdrawing. He didn’t need to get her pressure up, not to mention his own. He put his head down by her belly. “Hey little one. You’re official. You have a name and everything.” He peeked at his fiancé. “Um, what about a middle name?”





She shrugged. “Okay. Do you want to choose it?”





“Well, there is this name that I can’t seem to get out of my head.”





“What is it?”



“Fre-erasia.”





“Are you shittin’ me? Jasmine Fre-erasia Hyden?”





“Too over the top?”





She lay back tiredly. “Sounds like a third world country.”





He nodded and then squinted at her. “How about Kelly?”





“Kelly?”





“Yeah. I never told you the story about Kelly.” He gathered her into his arms as he lay back against the pillow with her cradled against him. He told her the story and when it was over she had tears on her cheeks. She lifted his hands and kissed each of his fingertips.





“You almost lost your fingertips to frostbite because of some damned idiots!”





“Shhh.” He whispered when he felt her getting upset. “It’s over and I learned that there is good just as there is bad. Some don’t ever learn that.”





She looked at him with so much love. Why didn’t more come like him? The bad in his life didn’t create hate. He allowed the good to create understanding. Why couldn’t she be more like that? “I knew you had a hard life on the streets, baby, but…I had no idea. I think Jasmine Kelly Hyden is a perfect name.”





He told her several funny stories about his brief exploits into pick pocketing, and happy times with good friends that he’d met. They fell asleep in each other’s arms and then woke up and made love very gently from their spooning position.





***





“I wish I could go to the Doctor’s with you.” Juicy said with so much longing. He knew that she hated being on bed rest. But he’d just gone to her Doctor’s appointment with her for the very first time, just the day before and Dr. Luenenberger had reiterated the need for her to not go into premature labor. He wanted her at thirty-four weeks and then he’d arrange to take the baby. Troy could sense that he was concerned even as he tried to keep her calm. After the appointment he left Juicy to pretend to use the restroom and hurried back to speak to the Doctor.





“Dr. Luenenberger…um Juicy and I had…” he tried to find the right words.





“Sex?” The doctor prompted.





Troy nodded.





“Abstain, son.”





“Oh. Yes sir.”





“And son…I’ve noticed your…”





“Fiance?”





“Yes. Your fiancé has…anger issues.”





“Well, sometimes. Okay, yes she does.”





“Yeah. Well son, while she’s pregnant; she is always right and you are always wrong. Do you understand?”





“Yes, sir.” He nodded. Which was the case anyways—pregnancy or not.





“Good.” He clapped Troy on the back and went on his way.



Now he was on his way to his first appointment with a neurologist referred by the specialist back in Connecticut. He was anxious and fearful that she’d totally negate everything that the specialist had told him. Then it would mean that this was all just another big lie.





Yet the seizures were changing. They were less frequent and of a shorter duration and it had just been a week. So that counted for something. Something was working. Still his stomach hurt and he was so tired that it was probably a good thing that Juicy was on bed rest so that he could sleep whenever she did.





“I wish I could drive you. I’d just be sitting quietly-” she said wistfully.





“Well, you get sorta angry when you drive.”





“Angry…”





“Road rage, honey.” Juicy talked out loud when she drove, complaining that people were trying to run her off the road, or were tailgating her just because they were a little closer than she liked. Sometimes she sped up so as to not allow a driver to merge ahead of her just because they looked like they had an attitude.





He picked up his wallet and cell phone then he bent over and kissed her and kissed the baby. “Okay, my lovely ladies, I will return shortly.” He headed out the bedroom door, but turned back around and looked at Juicy sitting so forlornly in the bed. She had the laptop sitting on her lap, yet he knew that it was no fun being stuck in bed all day. “I’ll bring you back a surprise.”





Her eyes lit up. “You will?”





“Yep.”





“Okay.” At least she was smiling now.





The new Doctor was a lady and reminded him of his mother before he had run away and caused her to age before her time. He felt instantly comfortable around her and she insisted that he call her Janet instead of Dr. Peters.





Janet explained that they had all of the records from Connecticut and that she’d had an opportunity to review them. She was pleased with the feedback from the neurologist and felt that they were right on course with what she wanted to do. He was very relieved…though not so much when he had to redo his stress test.





He stripped out of his shirt and went jogging on the treadmill. After about twenty-seven minutes the stitch in his side wouldn’t go away. He suddenly doubled over and vomited at his feet, almost falling in it. Instead, the safety was engaged and the treadmill came to an abrupt stop causing him to stumble to the floor.





“Troy!” Janet was suddenly there. He sat on his butt and rubbed his knee. Then there came the familiar feeling of a band tightening around his forehead. Damn, not now! Not a migraine…He suddenly squinted.





“My head…”





“Did you bump it?” She helped him off the floor, leading him to a chair where he sat down carefully.





“Migraine.” His hands were shaking now and she hurried away for something in one of her cabinets. Troy lowered his head between his knees, still panting from his recent run and squeezing his eyes closed.





“Troy, I’m going to give you an injection for pain.”





“I’m tired…” He murmured.





“Tired? Do you need to lay dow-?”





“No. I’m tired of this.” After a moment, he felt her swab his arm and then the quick sharpness of the hypodermic needle. She placed her hand on his shoulder.





“Troy. You need to get up in lay down on this bed.”





He blinked and slowly did as she asked. “I need to call Juicy.”





“What?”





“Juicy.” He sighed and placed his arm over his eyes. “Lights…”





“Oh!” She hurried to turn off the overhead lights.





“Do I need to call someone for you?”





He nodded, semi conscious. “Juicy…”





“Juicy? Is that what you’re saying?”





“Juicy Hyden, Jasmine Hyden…”





***





Juicy loved placing her hand on her belly and feeling the baby kicking back against it. She tried to imagine her baby but couldn’t picture a mixture between her and Troy. He was tall and lanky with blonde hair and grey eyes, and she had black skin and black eyes. Their baby could be caramel, dark chocolate, even vanilla. She chuckled and thought about how freaked her mother would have been by the fact that she was in love with a white man. She quickly shook her head and thought about something other than Momma.





She got out of bed and walked to the spare room. She was so anxious to decorate it. It would be a wonderful baby’s room. She imagined yellow paint on the walls and pretty willowy white curtains. She had once seen a room that had pretty butterflies hanging from the ceiling with nylon wings and papier-mâché bodies. She wanted white furniture and a princess bed.





Her face slowly fell. That is what she had always wanted for herself. Instead, her bedroom had been a sagging couch and when she got old enough her feet hung off the ends. They had been poor, but…





She turned away from the room with a frown. She went to the kitchen to make herself a cup of tea. She did not want to think about Momma. There used to be a time when thinking about her brought a smile to her face. But since discovering that she was pregnant, the idea of being a Momma meant something different then what she’d associated to Jassmina Robinson.





She mechanically went through the motions of putting on the tea kettle and getting the tea bag, a mug and honey. She placed them neatly on the table.





“When I was a kid, I used to clean your house from top to bottom.” She said absently, speaking out loud to an empty room. She turned the mug until the handle faced to the right then she turned the honey until the label faced the chair. She unwrapped the teabag and placed it neatly into the mug with the little paper tag hanging to the right. She threw the wrapping into the trash.



“On Sundays I’d scrub the bathroom floor with a scrub brush, and then use the mop to wax. I took all of the things off your dresser once a week and waxed your dresser. I changed the sheets on your big bed and then when I did the laundry I folded all of your clothes and put them into your bureau.”





Juicy moved to the kitchen drawer, opened it and removed a tea spoon. “Every week it was the same routine. After school I did hair until I got tired. I was too tired to do homework. When I went to school I didn’t know what they were talking about. I felt stupid, so I didn’t go to school.”





She placed the spoon next to the teacup directly on top of a neatly folded napkin. “Momma, how come you didn’t move us to a bigger apartment so that I could have something? I don’t remember ever having anything except for you.” She stood in front of the stove and watched the simmering teapot, contemplating it as if it were a puzzle, though it wasn’t actually the teapot that she was seeing.





“You didn’t…” She was frowning as she thought. “You didn’t take care of me. I took care of you. You didn’t cook for me. You just brought home food that was bad for me and turned me into a fat…” She turned off the burner, picked up the potholder and carefully carried the teapot to the table where she poured water into her mug. She paused.





“You…” She returned the teapot to the stove and stood there. “You were just trying to go through the motions to get through life; like I did when Troy was gone. Except you never had anything to bring you back to life, not even me. You didn’t really think about me, how I looked, where I slept, that I was by myself unless I was with Felix. You really didn’t care that you were teaching me to go through life and hate what you hated. You didn’t teach me about god, you didn’t teach me about love, you didn’t teach me about myself. You just let me be your ear when you wanted to scream about what you hated, and your maid when you needed your hair done and your house cleaned, your ATM machine when I could bring in money! But, you weren’t really a Momma to me.” She felt her lungs become tight as her eyes began to sting.





“I think a Momma is someone who would eat nasty spinach when they want butta butta cake. And a Momma is going to fix up her baby’s room so that she can be a princess. A Momma is going to work extra hard so that her baby has what they need. A Momma does my hair and not the other way around! Momma’s cook dinner instead of bringing home fish and french fries for dinner every other day! And a Momma should say, Juicy you are not alone; even though Felix is dead now, you are not alone!” Her hands were balled into tight fists and she looked down at them suddenly.





“No.” She took several deep breaths and the stinging in her eyes cleared. “No…I don’t think this, I know what a mother is! That is the mother that I have to be. I don’t want to be like you…I don’t want to be like you! Losing a man won’t push me to forget what I am. I will never let that happen again! I will never lose myself because of someone else! I will never forget that I am my baby’s Momma! I am my baby’s god!





She sat down at the table and sniffed back the unshed tears. “Jasmine,” she said to her baby, “Momma is going to take care of herself, so that she can take care of you.” She stirred her tea, closed her eyes and smelled the fragrant aroma of the herbal tea blend that Troy had picked out for her.





She smiled when she thought about Troy. If not for him, she would never have understood what it meant to have unconditional love.





She was half done with the tea when the phone rang; home phone not cell. Only customers pissed off at her called the cell. She rarely answered it. She would one day have to face them but not right now. She had a lifetime of rest to get caught up on.





She did hurry to the home phone though. Only doctors called on it, or Ebonique when she wanted to speak to either her or Troy.





“Hello?”





“Hello, is this Juicy Hyden?”





“What? Um, yeah…who is this?”





“Mrs. Hyden, this is Dr. Janet Peters. I’m your husband’s doctor-”





“Is Troy okay?!” Juicy felt herself panic and shake. God, not like my Momma, not like my Momma…





“Troy is ok. But he did have a bad reaction to a stress test that we administered today. He went into a migraine-”





“Oh no…”





“Well we gave him medication to help with the pain. However it does make him very sleepy. We can keep him here but I’m sure you’re aware that his recuperation period after a migraine is lengthy.” He’d slept twelve hours easy after one. “So we can admit him, or if you prefer we can release him to you. Now I will warn you that he’s out cold. But he can be awakened enough to follow simple tasks. And the medicine I have him on will have knocked out the pain, but again, it will make him very sleepy.”





“Okay. I understand.” She’d never bothered him while he was sleeping through a migraine before, but if the doctor said he could be awakened then she’d do it. “I’ll come get him now. Where is he?”





It was the same place that she went for her prenatal visits; Tri Health Alliance. Juicy hurried into the bedroom and pulled off her lounging clothes and slipped on sweatpants that she rolled down past her belly. Next she pulled on a shirt that while normally was one of her looser fitting ones, still clung to her belly. She hadn’t gotten around to buying maternity clothes; especially since the plus sizes were the exact same clothes as the maternity section had!





She was reaching for her keys when she heard a whooshing sound. Moments later her pants were soaking wet and water was splashing the floor. She looked down in shock and then felt the first stab of pain. It was immediate and extreme enough to cause her to double over.





“No…”





CHAPTER 19





Troy opened his eyes and then squinted. The difference between waking up after a horrible migraine and waking up after a horrible migraine while on painkillers was a totally different experience. Usually, he was alert and invigorated. But now he was drowsy and unclear. He looked around the darkened room, pulling himself up into a sitting position.





He came to his feet and reached for the window blinds. “What the-?” He was on the fifth floor. This he could easily judge by the distance from the window to the parking lot below. Yet Tri Health Alliance only had two floors…





Now that the room was illuminated by the light shining through the window he could clearly see that he was in a hospital room. “Shit!” He hurried to the door. He wasn’t wearing a shirt and he touched his chest and suddenly looked around. His shirt was folded neatly on a small table and he quickly pulled it on and patted his pocket for his cell phone, keys and wallet. He had them. He hurried out of the room, darting past the receptionist desk.





“Hey!” The woman sitting behind the desk yelled. “Mr. Hyden!” He stopped and hurried back to her.





“What time is it? How long have I been here?!”





“Mr. Hyden, your doctor is here. Let me call her.”





“Janet?”





The receptionist already had the phone to her ear and nodded to him, holding up one finger to wait. Troy reached into his pocket for his cell phone. It was 8:07 am. Shit! He’d been here all night. He started dialing the apartment. The phone rang and rang but there was no answer. His mouth went dry. Juicy would answer. There was no reason for her not to answer now that they weren’t fighting. He tried to remember what had happened yesterday. It was so hard to think. Janet said she’d call Juicy…he rubbed his forehead.





“She’ll be right here, Mr. Hyden. Have a seat over in the lounge-”





“I have to get home-” He bounced on his feet anxiously, wanting to leave, but wanting to know what Janet could tell him about the call she’d made.





Janet came hurrying around the corner. “Troy!”





“Janet, I gotta go! My baby’s mother is sick-”





“She’s here Troy.”





“Here? In this hospital?”





“Yes, she was admitted yesterday.” Janet grabbed his hand. “Follow me. I’m going to take you to her.”





She was admitted yesterday. “Is she okay? Is the baby okay?” Janet didn’t answer. “Janet?”





They got into the elevator. Janet looked at him. “They’re working on her now Troy. They were trying to stop the labor. But the baby just came a few minutes ago. I was just there.” He was blinking. Working on her…but the baby had just come…





“What do you mean?”





“She’s very sick.”





He was nodding his head. His mouth felt like sandpaper.





“And I’m sorry, Troy. They couldn’t save the baby. It was just too small. The lungs hadn’t developed at all…”





He stared at her as the elevator stopped. The world had stopped for Troy. He couldn’t hear and he could not understand what he was seeing. His mind was filled with the idea that his baby had died.





And did that mean that he was the cause? He had left Juicy to worry, not just about the fact that he’d left town like a damned idiot, but also that she’d had to receive an emergency call that he was freaking sick with a migraine! And what about the fact that they’d made love the other night? His head could not move past anything but these facts. He’d killed his baby…





Janet took his hand again and carefully pulled him from the small compartment. He was led through a set of double doors and then a hospital gown was pulled over his street clothes. Janet led him to a sink and though she spoke he had no idea what she said, but he began to wash his hands while she used the foot paddles to control the water. When that was done he felt her drying his hands.





She was suddenly in his face and the white noise that was his world suddenly crashed down and he heard her say, “She is still in delivery, they are trying to stop the bleeding. She is in a coma. There is going to be blood. Can you handle it?”





He nodded slowly. But no, he couldn’t handle it. He wasn’t handling it.





Janet led him into a surgical room and there were several people with machines and masks and more movement then his brain could easily register. But there was Juicy with her legs still resting on the metal stirrups, her arms folded over herself and her eyes closed. A tube was taped to her mouth and a monitor beeped steadily beside her.





He ran to her. “Juicy?” He put his lips on her forehead and gripped her hand. She was cold. His head whipped around to look behind him at his doctor. “Janet?!” he said in a panic.





“She’s alive. She’s in a coma.”





He let his forehead press against hers. “I’m here.” He whispered. “You’re not alone. I’m here.” He said the same words over and over until Janet placed her hand on his shoulder. He looked at her quickly.





“Troy, they’re going to take the baby out of the room now. Do you want to see him before they do?” His eyes darted around frantically until they rested on an incubator. He squeezed Juicy’s hand once again and then moved to the still figure that lay with tubes and lines still running from his small body. His tiny little chest was supposed to be moving up and down, but it didn’t. The baby was beige and pink and its little fingers were like brush strokes…his lips, his nose, the teeny little penis and scrotum, was all so very perfect. Troy’s vision blurred. A nurse was removing the things from his child’s body and she wrapped him in a blanket, lifting the neat bundle carefully.





“You can hold him.”





Troy reached out and took the tiny bundle from her. It was like holding a delicate kitten…and he remembered once describing Juicy in just that way. He pressed his lips to the pale head, there was light down covering the top--HIS???





He looked at the nurse in confusion. “We’re supposed to have a girl.”





“A girl?” The nurse repeated.





“The ultrasound pictures showed a girl.”





She gave him a sympathetic look and spoke to him as if he was in the kindergarten. “Well, ultrasounds can be hard to read-”





“There was no penis. How hard is that to read?”





Her eyes blinked. “THERE’S A TWIN!!!” She screamed.





Two doctors pushed Troy back until he was almost against the wall. The activity was rapid. Someone was wheeling in a machine and within seconds he could see that someone else was using a wand to press over Juicy’s exposed belly. All eyes were on the machine. The room was so quiet that you could hear a pin drop. And then suddenly there was a loud woosh woosh woosh.





Troy cradled his unbreathing infant son as he watched the monitor that showed his living infant daughter.





***





Troy was sitting in the hospital room next to Juicy’s bed. He still held the small bundle of his son, even though it had been hours since his birth. He wondered if that was the appropriate word to use when a baby was born, having already died. Birth was supposed to mark the beginning of one’s life, but for him it had marked the end.





They had been able to stop Juicy’s labor, for now, and she had been moved to a private room, still in a coma, and heavily monitored. Janet had been kind enough to phone his family who were taking a flight in to Cincinnati.





Janet came into the room and pulled up a chair next to Troy’s. He didn’t look at her. She looked down at the baby in his arms.





“Troy. You haven’t eaten and you haven’t taken your medicine. You need to take a few moments to do these things.”





“I’m not hungry.” He mumbled.





“I’ll hold the baby for you.” He looked at her slowly.





“You won’t let th-them t-take h-him?”





“Are you planning to hold him forever?”





“No. Just until I’m ready to let h-him g-go.”





“No, I won’t let them take him.” She held out her hands. He sighed and passed the baby to her.





He went to the restroom and she gave him free samples of the pills that he’d left sitting on his dresser at home because he thought he’d be right back…





He ran to the cafeteria and got soup and a soda. He drank both in thirty seconds while people watched him curiously. Then he hurried back to the room.





“Troy!” He looked around. He’d been hurrying down the corridor and had run right past Bob, his mother and his father. He raised his arms and they were immediately there hugging him. Mom was stroking his face and telling him that it would be okay. Bob hadn’t shaved and was wearing a wrinkled shirt. Dad’s hand was rubbing his back. The tension in his muscles slowly eased.





“How is she, son?” Mom asked.





“Hanging in there Mom.” He gestured to the room. “I don’t want to be gone too long-”





Dad nodded. “We better get back in to check on her then.” Troy led them quickly to the room. Janet looked up, her eyes were glistening, whether from fatigue or from sadness, he didn’t know. He hurried to her, reaching out for his son.





“Thank you, Janet.” She left with a silent nod of her head. His family stood in the entryway watching. “He died.” Troy explained. “But if you want to hold him, you can.” And then he wept.





Everyone took turns holding the baby, while Troy tended to Juicy. He kissed her cool forehead, and neatly arranged her long dredlocks on the pillow. He adjusted her pillows and smoothed out her blankets. Then he placed his hand lightly on her belly.





Dr. Luenenberger came in and spoke to the small gathering. “Troy. I need to take the baby. We need to do some tests that might be helpful to his sister.” Troy looked down at the peaceful little face and then he nodded.





“We’re pretty sure that this baby had already expired before Juicy had ever come to us. None of the monitors had ever shown a second heartbeat. It’s natural for a mother’s womb to safely carry a baby that is no longer living. Even if we had been able to detect the second fetus, we would not have removed him.” He listened quietly as the doctor explained that Juicy’s coma was the result of her elevated blood pressure. Yet it couldn’t be properly treated as it could cause her to go into labor. He explained in a quiet voice that the result of her continuing with elevated blood pressure is that she could die of a massive stroke or heart attack. He explained the many possible effects to a woman with eclampsia if the blood pressure didn’t come down on its own.





Of course the worst was death to both mother and child. Unfortunately, there just was not much that could be done that wouldn’t risk the baby.





The doctor left soon after, carrying his son with him and Troy felt empty and cold.





***





Troy’s mother and father went to get a hotel room and Bob stayed behind. Bob was quiet and watched the TV on low; Troy was thankful for his presence but was also thankful that he was quiet. He didn’t want to talk.





He held Juicy’s hand and looked at the monitor and watched her peaceful face. He kissed her ear and told her that he loved her and once he had napped with his head on her pillow, still sitting in the chair.





His brother had rolled in a reclining chair that extended to a bed if he wanted it for that purpose. He did stretch out in it, holding her hand as he slept again.





The next morning his parents returned with a picnic basket of food and Lorie had flown in, leaving the kids with her husband. Troy hugged her for a long time and Lorie began to cry when she looked at Juicy’s still face. She gripped the woman’s hand, not ever having met her, but knowing that she was loved by her brother, which meant that she was special to their entire family.





Bob offered to go down to the shop to make the weekly deposit when Troy said that he didn’t give a damn. When he returned he had a puzzled look on his face. Everyone had given their well wishes but they had called him Candyman’s brother.





“Are you Candyman, bro? And if so, why do they call you that, because…I mean, if money is tight-”





“I’m called that because I bake muffins.”





He frowned. “Shouldn’t they be calling you the Muffinman, then?”





Troy shook his head. “Please don’t ever say that again.”





Troy returned home a few days later. He was forced to go back to the house in order to shower and dress for his son’s funeral. His church had helped his family in making all of the arrangements. It was supposed to be a very simple affair; a brief ceremony and interment, but over a hundred people showed up.





Troy looked around in amazement as he walked into the church. His church family was present; the women from the shop and Juicy’s clients, the people from the Brownstone were even present! He saw several of his friend’s from the streets. They seemed slightly uncomfortable and he noted that many had found jackets to wear. He looked down, overcome with emotion and then looked up again with grateful eyes at all of the people that had come to offer their support.





“Thank you.” He murmured and hugged and shook hands with everyone. Miss Barbara Jean squeezed his hand.





“You a good man.” She nodded her head in affirmation to her statement and then turned away tearfully.





“Thank you, Miss Barbara Jean.”





At the cemetery Troy placed a white carnation on the miniature casket of Kelly Robinson Hyden. Then he returned to the hospital and whispered his love to his fiancé and unborn daughter.





CHAPTER 20





There was a repetitive sound that was just downright annoying. Was Troy playing a videogame? She had never known him to care much for things like videogames. She opened her eyes and looked around slowly. What the-?” She was not in her familiar bedroom!





Her head whipped around and she reached up and ripped a tube out of her mouth. It went all the way down her throat and she gagged and coughed, almost suffocating on it! Troy’s body jerked where he was sleeping in a reclining chair next to her hospital bed. He jumped up and hurried to her while she coughed and choked.





“What the-?” But she had no voice. She tried again and a whispery sound issued from her lips. “What-?”





Troy placed his hands on her cheeks and then he kissed her. He pulled back and then moved right back in to hug her. She hugged him back, confused eyes still roaming around the room.





“Thank god,” he was saying. “You’re awake.”





He released her and snatched at the call controls. He was pressing it and staring at her. A voice came over a speaker and Troy told that person to send in the doctor. He dropped the controls immediately and touched her face again. It was like he couldn’t believe what he was seeing.





She frowned. He was long haired with a moustache and beard. Juicy’s eyes got wide as her confusion began to clear. She reached between them and touched her belly, frantically pressing her fingers against her yielding flesh. She still had a round belly but it wasn’t swollen with her pregnancy.





Troy was nodding. “You had her last night, baby. Then they gave you medication for the high blood pressure. They brought it down, honey. It came down.”





“Is-” She clutched her sore throat and tried again. “Is she okay?”





“Yes. She is perfect and beautiful and healthy. They had to take her but her lungs were perfectly developed. She’s in neonatal right now. She’s a preemie but doesn’t look it. She’s a big baby; eight pounds, two ounces. And she’s…long but I can’t remember just how long.” He smiled sheepishly.





Juicy relaxed. “How long have-?” She rubbed her throat as she tried to croak out the question.



His face looked like a shadow had crossed it. “You were in a coma.”





“Again?!” Her hand moved to her head where the hair had grown back in to fill in the area that had caused her so much trouble so many months before.





A doctor came in. He was smiling broadly. “Welcome back, Miss Robinson.”





They took her blood pressure, slightly elevated but not in a danger zone. She was very weak but begged to see her baby.





The doctor nodded. “Of course we’ll wheel you up to see your daughter. But you can’t stay long. You have to get back into bed. We can’t have a woman who just came out of a coma running around, can we?”





She and Troy looked at each other.





Juicy climbed into the wheelchair, surprised to see that two strange people were already there holding her baby. She looked up at Troy who smiled. “Juice, this is my Mom Gladys and my Dad Robert.” He had a proud smile on his face. “And this is Juicy.”





Gladys was nothing but smiles as she got up and carried the bundled baby to her. “Oh thank god, you’re awake, Juicy. Here, honey, let me show you your beautiful baby girl.” The older woman placed the baby in Juicy’s arms and Robert Sr; Troy’s father placed a hand on her shoulder. She glanced up at him quickly and saw his smile of welcome before she stared down at the little brown face of her baby girl.





“She’s got hair.” Juicy whispered in amazement. Troy came down to his knees and stared at the both of them.





“Lots of hair. And it’s black like yours…would be if it wasn’t dyed. But do you see her eyes? They’re light. I think they’re going to be gray like mine.” Her daughter squirmed and yawned and let out a squeaky sound.





The neonatal nurse smiled over at them. “I think that means she’s ready for a diaper change.”





“Ahhh.” They all said in unison.





“Troy is pretty good at it.” His dad said to Juicy.





“You’ve done this before?” She looked at him in surprise.





He nodded proudly. “I fed her and changed her this morning.”





Juicy leaned over and kissed him softly.





She didn’t get to hold her baby long enough to satisfy her. Juicy cried when they told her that she had to go back downstairs to rest. But they promised her that when she woke up she could come right back and spend as much time as she wanted. She felt better when Gladys and Robert stayed behind with Jasmine; who they had already given the nickname Jazzy.





After she freshened up and got back to bed, Troy took her hand. He had a solemn look on his face. Poor thing looked tired. There were shadows under his eyes and his hands trembled. His long hair was behind his ears and he looked more like that singer Kurt Cobain, than the super model that she had secretly likened him to.





“Babe…Juice. I have to tell you something.”





Her grip on his tightened. “Is Jasmine ok?! She’s not sick is she?”





“No. Jasmine is perfectly ok. But before you regained consciousness there was another baby, before Jasmine. He was a little boy. I named him Kelly Robinson Hyden.” Tears sprouted in his eyes. “He was stillborn.”





She looked at him as if there was more; maybe a punchline or a statement that would negate what he’d just said, but there was nothing more.





“I…I had a baby that died?”





Troy swallowed. “Yes, honey. We had a baby that died.”





“Why did he die?” Her eyes were big and shocked, her words where little more than small puffs of air.





“Dr. Luenenberger said that he was only just at twenty weeks. He had died even before you had ever suspected that you were pregnant. He had died even before your first exam. They never could have heard his heartbeat to know that he was there.”





“It was because I was fat.”





“Juicy, there is no ‘because’, there is just the fact. He was stillborn-”



She stared up at the ceiling and took in a shaky breath. “You told me so many times to sit down, stop pushing myself, to eat right.” She felt herself hyperventilate and Troy cradled her face, forcing her to look at him.





“Juicy! This is not a blame you can take.” Tears were gliding down her cheeks. “For hours I sat by your side holding that baby boy in my hands, sure that I’d been responsible for his death because I’d gone off and left you; caused you to worry. Trying to take on the responsibility for something like that is more than one person should ever do! YOU did not know that you were pregnant. And when you found out that you were, you took care of yourself! You didn’t do it because I told you to, or because the doctor told you to! You did it because you CHOSE to. You chose to take care of that baby upstairs! And because you did that she lives! Okay, honey?” Juicy began to cry. “You helped her to live, honey.” He pulled her into his arms and let her cry. “I thank you for that. Thank you for my baby girl upstairs.”





Hearing his words, and trying to believe them was two very different things. One day soon, she swore to herself that she would allow herself to cry and mourn her lost baby, but not while Troy looked so beat down by all that had happened over these last few weeks. He had been strong for her, and now it was her time to be strong for him.





She slept restlessly and when she woke up she asked Troy what her son had looked like. He looked off into the distance and described the tiny little boy. And then he described the funeral and promised to take her to the cemetery. She slipped her hand into his.





“I’m sorry that you had to do that all alone.”





He smiled. “I wasn’t alone.” He put his hand over his heart.





***





Later, Juicy held her daughter up in the neonatal ward, and so many visitors began to stream in that she was asked to take Jasmine down into her own room. The doctor had already given the baby an examination and the youngest member of the Hyden family was pronounced able to be released the next day.





They weren’t so sure about Juicy. But she threatened to runaway if they even thought about leaving her in this hospital without her baby. The doctor smiled and said that as long as she stayed in bed for the next few days and took her blood pressure twice a day that he would allow her to leave with the baby.





Robert and Gladys sat with them, barely leaving the little baby’s side. And when the girl’s from the salon drifted in they looked at the odd family that Juicy was a part of. And Miss Barbara Jean did not say one bad thing about white people and Ebonique even promised to give Gladys a free cut and dye job before they flew back to Connecticut.





Troy wasn’t anxious once, but relaxed in a way that Juicy had seldom seen. But then again, she hadn’t been at the funeral to see the outpouring of love and support that everyone had shown him. Still, even though he loved these people, he did stand up and announce that he had to go home and fix up the baby’s room, and when he left they would have to leave as well.





“You got to let the room air out. Them paint fumes are bad for a baby!” Miss Barbara Jean announced as she was walking out the door.





“Yes, Ma’ame. I’m going to get fans to air out the apartment before Juicy and the baby get home. Besides I think she’s going to be sleeping in our room in a cradle for a while, right Juice?” She nodded, paying more attention to the little baby in her arms then to the conversation happening around her.





“Alright, then.” The older black woman gave her approval.





“Juicy, do you have anything that you want to see in the baby’s room?” Gladys asked. She really liked Troy’s mother. She treated her as if she liked her, as well, and not like she was this strange black woman that was infiltrating their family.





“Actually…I do have a request.” She told them exactly what she wanted. Troy was nodding his head.





“I can paint it in a few hours, but not sure that I can find the butterflies before you get home tomorrow. But I promise you will have them.” Butterflies, everyone in the room murmured as they filed out.





Once everyone had left, Juicy got to spend her first time alone with her newborn baby. She wasn’t allowed to nurse because of the medication in her system but they kept her pumping her breasts—which was painful as hell, in order to keep the milk flowing until it was free of medication.





She kissed the black curls on top of her little head and placed her into the little baby bed beside her own. She closed her eyes knowing that when she opened them again, she would be able to go home, with her baby and with her man.





***





Troy told her that Bob and Lorie had flown back into town and that they were at the apartment with her mother. He was so anxious for her to meet them and he talked excitedly while Robert Sr. drove them back to the apartment.





“Juicy?” Robert gave her a nervous look.





“Yes Robert?”





“I don’t know how you feel about this, but…it would be my great honor if you called me Dad—that is, if you like! My daughter and son-inlaw do.” He didn’t know how it worked in black families. He hoped he wouldn’t be insulting her or anything, with the offer.





Troy peeked at her. He didn’t know how Juicy felt about this; discussions about family always left her anxious. So when his father first broached him with the idea, he told him to go for it.





Juicy was quiet as she stared over at the older white man. Troy was in the back with the baby. “Dad?” Her lips went up at the corners. Her Momma would be so pissed if she knew that Juicy was calling some white man Dad. “I don’t remember the last time I called someone that.”





Troy’s brow went up playfully. “Remember that time-”





She glared at him. “Thank you, Robert-Dad.”





“You’re welcome, dear. You’re my daughter now and the same goes for Gladys.” Juicy felt a light-hearted happiness. This was her family, and not just Troy’s and Jazzy’s, but Dad and Mom and Lorie and Bob and their families…





When they got back to the brownstone she discovered that she had left out quite a few people from the ‘family’ list. The yard had balloons and welcome home signs and the apartment was filled with people who had thrown them an impromptu baby shower.





They promised not to stay too long so as to allow Mom and daughter to rest, but someone turned on the radio and soul music starting playing. Someone else ordered take out chicken and everyone sat around laughing and opening gifts. Troy covered her eyes and led her carefully into the new baby’s room. When he removed his hand, Juicy clapped her hands loudly and gave them all surprised looks.





The walls were a pale yellow and the windows had willowy white curtains. The white baby bed had a canopy and there was a huge white rug in the middle of the floor—but the biggest surprise is that everything was decorated with butterflies! There were butterflies hanging from the ceiling, framed pictures on the wall, the comforter had butterflies, there were stuffed butterflies on the shelves, desk, changing table as well as a dresser with a butterfly lamp on it.





There was even a white glider rocker with butterfly pillows.





It turned out that everyone had gone out to find anything that they could in a butterfly motif; it was the theme for the baby shower. Someone had even bought butterfly salt and pepper shakers!





“This is the most beautiful thing that I’ve ever seen…” Troy brought the glider out into the living room so that she could enjoy her company in comfort, but then when the sun set he ushered everyone out including his Mom, Dad, Lorie and Bob. “We need some alone time.” He explained and Dad promised to call in the morning before coming over.





He sighed in relief as he finished picking up around the apartment. There wasn’t much to clean. One of the girl’s from the shop had done the dishes and Troy was left with just throwing away a few paper cups and plates. Juicy held the baby and rocked in the rocker.





“I can’t believe all of the stuff we got, Juicy. I don’t know where to put it all. It won’t all fit in the baby’s room.”





They had two strollers, a play pen, walker, highchair, tons of bottles, pacifiers, diapers; cloth and disposable, all kinds of potions and powders and gels and so many clothes that he almost fell asleep as Juicy lifted each tiny article of clothing to ooh and ahh at. He was happy that they got the things, though, because he would not have known the first place to start. He certainly would not have thought about getting diaper bags to match specific items of clothing, and socks even though it was hot outside.





Juicy placed the baby in the cradle that was set up in their bedroom and then Troy took her blood pressure, it was definitely elevated. He made her lie down even though she claimed that she wasn’t tired. When he returned with a cup of tea, she was sound asleep.





The sight of her sleeping with their daughter a foot away took his breath away and for a moment all Troy could think about was that once upon a time he had been sitting in the doorway of an old abandoned building. He had seen a tall black woman with curves for miles walking quickly and confidently down the alley. Most women didn’t know how to work heels as tall as hers. He’d been a watcher of people since living on the streets and he’d seen young girl’s with wobbly ankles, appearing as if they had snuck out of the house wearing their mother’s clothes. He’d seen the women past their prime, whose bodies and legs and feet hurt and it showed in the way they walked. But this woman walked in heels as if she was a fashion model. And as he watched she had paused and lifted one shapely leg in order to fix her strap.





It was such a perfect moment that it had almost seemed contrived. He could have framed the sight of her in his hands, like a photographer would. But then she had bent and the curves of her bottom was all that he could focus on. The material hugged her in just the right, complimentary manner. Her expensive suit was both conservative and sexy, the cut of the skirt just above her knee. The sight was enough to knock through the fog of his headache and he had said out loud what his mind had been repetitively speaking; that she was beautiful, simply beautiful.





Her head had swung suddenly in his direction, and her dark, almond shaped eyes had looked at him in surprise and then narrowed suspiciously. She had asked him what he was staring at. And although his mind had responded with declarations of her beauty, his mouth had said just exactly what she had expected; an insult.





Because the look that she held for him stated what he had already come to know about himself; that he was little more than trash and for a moment he wanted her to feel the way she had made him feel.





Troy’s mouth curled into a gentle smile. One day he would tell her that story. He would tell her how beautiful she was and maybe she’d finally believe it. He closed the bedroom door and went about finding places to store the baby items.





***





Several weeks later, Juicy was burping the baby after her last bottle and Troy was lying in bed half asleep. It was just after three a.m. and it had been his turn to get up and feed her, but he hadn’t been able to get that last belch to erupt from her little belly and so Juicy had finally gotten up and taken over.





“Where’s my surprise?”





“What?” He yawned and looked at her with sleepy confused eyes.





“That day.” It was now referred to as ‘that day’, “…you said that you were going to bring me back a surprise. Where’s the surprise?”





He chuckled, eyes still hooded. “I wish I could give you a surprise; a special one that’s in my shorts, it’s big, too.”





“You are so nasty.”





“I am so horny.”





“Well I have to wait six weeks, sweetie.”





“That’s a long time, Juice.”





“Oh come on, you told me before that you’d waited years.”





He sat up, propping the pillow under his arms as he turned to watch her patting his daughters back so that she could be put down to sleep.





“I don’t know what I was going to bring you. Just something so that you wouldn’t look so depressed. Maybe a box of chocolates.”





“Just what my fat ass needed.”





“Stop.” He said. “Talking about ass is making me horny.” Juicy had already dropped fourteen pounds. Her blood pressure was slightly higher then what the doctor’s wanted to see but it was stable. Now she was focused on being healthy. When she really understood the implications of her coma it had scared her into action.





They ate healthy every day. And if you knew how to cook; the way Troy did, then healthy food tasted good! They put their daughter in the stroller and walked her around the neighborhood. Some of the people in the Brownstone, that she’d never even said hi to before, would stop and coo at the baby.





Troy took to inviting them to come up and visit. And as they continued on their walk Juicy had asked him why he had gone and done that? Neighbors got all up in your business—





“Those are good people, Juice. They always asked about you when you were in the hospital. And plus it would be good to have a baby sitter that’s already in the building.” He did have a good point…and she didn’t realize that they’d been talking to him. She relented and actually got good tips from some of them.





Jasmine suddenly belched. It was so loud that it woke her up and she cried for a moment before sucking on her tongue and falling back to sleep. Juicy walked her into her own bedroom, making sure that the monitor light was on even though her room was just right next door and there was no way that they’d miss that little baby’s cries.





Juicy returned to the room and instead of climbing into bed, she stared at Troy. “So where’s my surprise?”





“Um…are we still talking about the box of chocolates—or the surprise in my pants?”





“We’re not talking about chocolates.”





“Don’t tease me, Juice.” He said coming awake.





“Who’s teasing? At least one of us can have some fun.”





Troy looked under the sheet and grinned up at her. “Your surprise just got bigger.”





***





Juicy was in the bathroom crying one day. It had been one month and three days since Jasmine had been born. For the most part she was very happy and satisfied with her life. At times she thought of her lost son and would feel a hollowness within the pit of her stomach and she’d get that light headed feeling that she associated with being in a coma. And then she would blame herself again for being overweight and unhealthy. She never shared these feelings with Troy. As his life story had begun to unfold and he filled her in on the empty holes of his childhood, and living on the streets she had found her own problems to be trivial in comparison.





All she knew is that she had bouts of depression and couldn’t figure out how to make them stop. Once upon a time, she thought that having her own business would do it, but it hadn’t. Having the family that she’d always longed for was great but it didn’t stop her from having to face these crying spells. Juicy knew that she needed help, and really, she had the perfect person to turn to, one that had lived his life thinking that he was mentally ill.





Yet telling your mate that you thought you were crazy was not easy and she didn’t relish laying this on him after everything else that he’d been through.





When Troy got home, Juicy had already made dinner. She wasn’t that great of a cook, but anybody could roast a chicken and bake some potatoes. She had also made a salad.





“Mmmm.” Smells good. He kissed her and then went in to peek at the baby who was napping in her swing. He had gone to visit Janet and was taking very well to her treatment. Juicy liked the Doctor, who had come by to visit Jasmine and had brought her a handmade knitted afghan.





“How was your visit with Janet?” She said while serving dinner.





He sat down at the table. “Good. Janet wants to do another stress test but this time she wants me to take some medication before hand, and this time she’s giving me good warning ahead of time.”





“Yeah. That’s good.” She picked at her chicken though Troy ate heartily.





“No appetite? Babe, I know you’re dieting and you’re losing weight really good, but you got to eat-”





“It’s not that. I’ve just been…having a lot of stuff on my mind.”





He scratched his head. “There’s been a lot going on, so that’s understandable.” But there was a quality to his voice that was wary, or maybe alert.





“Before, ‘this stuff’ happened…” ‘This stuff’ was what they called the coma and miscarriage and hospital stay.





He speared some salad on his fork and munched on it, watching her closely. “Go on.”





“I started thinking about my mother and how I’d grown up. I wasn’t always like this. I used to avoid confrontation and I never bothered people even when they worked hard to bother me. Then one day my best friend…” she looked down at her plate and tried to continue even though her voice was so low that it was barely above a whisper. “…he committed suicide.”





She felt Troy’s hand on hers. She looked up at him and he was silently encouraging her to continue. “After that, I just felt very angry. I thought I was angry at the bullies in school because they made Felix want to do what he did. But then the bullies left me alone and later there was no more school and I was still angry.”





She was able to look at him, the words coming a bit easier now. “I thought I was angry at white people, because that’s who my mother taught me to be angry at. But even when there was no white people to be angry with I still had rage inside of me.”





“Juice, who were you angry at?”





Her brow gathered into a crease in the middle of her forehead. “My Momma.”





“Do you know why?”





She nodded. “Because, my Momma had given up on everything—and even I wasn’t motivation enough for her to do better. Her blood pressure and diabetes had gotten so bad that she died from it. And I was the one who found her.” Juicy felt herself tearing up again and she really didn’t want to cry in front of Troy after all of the tears that they had shed; individually as well as together.





“I’m mad at Felix, too.” She nodded emphatically. “I’m mad because he was my only true friend and he…took himself away from me. He was the one person that I could turn to that understood me completely.” She inhaled. It felt good to unload some of this. “That’s so wrong to be mad at him. He didn’t try to hurt me. It was me that let him down. He tried to talk to me and I didn’t hear what he was saying. He told me what he needed and I just didn’t hear.”





“You mean that you didn’t save him.”





Juicy nodded after a long moment. “I’m mad at myself, too.”





“Why?”





She swallowed past the lump in her throat. “Because I hurt people and I know that I’m doing it. It makes me feel better when I’m hurting. And I let people down…I let you down.”





“You didn’t let me down, babe.”





“When you were in the hospital you needed me and I was too busy having my own pity party that I stopped caring about anybody else.”





“Juicy, the first step is to recognize destructive behavior, okay? And you’re doing that. You can’t go back and blame yourself for a period of time before you made these realizations.” She looked at him earnestly.





“I’m sorry that I hurt you Troy. I wish that I could take that back, because I saw the way you looked at me when you first came home. I saw how much I’d let you down.”





His lips purced and then he shook his head. “We have come too far to worry about things that don’t even matter anymore. I…I love you all over again. When I almost lost you, if I had any feelings of animosity left over they disappeared. So Juicy, if that’s bothering you then please, let it go.”





She nodded. “Okay, I’ll try. But Troy, sometimes I get so sad. I can’t stop crying, everything makes me cry.”





“Aww Juicy. Isn’t that something that new mother’s get?”





“Maybe.” She said doubtfully.





“Do you want to talk to someone about it? A professional?”





“Um…I think I need to, I really do.”





“Okay.”





“But will you go with me?”





“Of course I will. Let me do this, I’ll find someone for you; through the Mental Health Alliance and if you want we can do family counseling together, or you can do it alone.”





She nodded, feeling relieved but also scared. What if this didn’t work? What if nothing made her feel good?





***





Juicy went to counseling two days later. It turns out that being depressed right after having a baby had a name. It was called post partum depression and it meant that you had to see a doctor immediately. So even though she didn’t equate her depression to additional hormones or post partum anything, she didn’t turn down the ability to get into see a psychiatrist, either.





Troy sat in the waiting room holding the baby while she talked about things that she had held in for most of her life. It was slow at first, it felt stupid to have this white woman sitting there listening to her talk about how much she’d been taught to hate her kind when her white fiancé was out in the hall holding her multiracial daughter.





Half of her wanted to just get up and go home and say, ‘Yeah, I know it’s a lie.’, but the other half of her understood that she never bought into that lie, she had just used it as a vehicle to express her anger.





When she left she felt better, but knew that she had a ways to go in order to relearn the negative ways that she had been taught to express herself. But just as important, she was given an anti-depressant.





She thought about Troy, who had run away so that he wouldn’t have to take medicine that would make him into something that he wasn’t. Now she wanted the medicine if it could make her into what she should have always been.





***





It was four months, two weeks and three days since ‘that day’, when Troy and Juicy were wed at the Allen Temple AME church. The two had chosen simple bands. Troy didn’t think twice about the money, but Juicy was practical in that she had emphatically expressed that no woman needed to be sticking her hand in someone’s hair when she was wearing expensive diamonds.





Juicy had lost twenty seven pounds and fit comfortably in a champagne colored suit. She wore her golden dreds pulled up into a thick bun at the top of her head. Troy wore a black suit and when she walked down the aisle she had a fleeting thought that he looked so young. His blonde hair were cropped short to his head and his face was clean shaven. His gray eyes were big as they watched her approach him from down the aisle. He looked like he should be in someone’s college class learning about philosophy instead of marrying her. And then that thought left her as she looked back at all that they had done for each other, and in all of the ways that he had been there for her.





She smiled, not seeing any of the other people in the large church, not her ‘soul sisters’ from the salon, or her new In-laws that loved her purely for the fact that she had accepted and loved Troy. She didn’t see the street people that weren’t quite homeless, and weren’t bums but people that loved and hurt just like anyone else. She didn’t even see her baby girl that watched the world around her in open curiosity, or the doctor that had found the key to unlock Troy’s seizures, or any of the other people that had become so important to her life. These people she would see and laugh with, and hug and dance and kiss in a few minutes, once the ceremony was over and the party out back was under way.





For now, her eyes were glued to those of the man that looked at her as if she were a goddess.





EPILOGUE





Juicy put her hands on her hips and stretched her back. She felt it crack and sighed in relief. Oh that was good…





“Mama I want pink bows.”





“Okay, Miss bossy.” Jazzy was bouncing up and down on her butt in the salon chair. She was a bundle of energy. That girl could run from sunup to sundown. Troy was always there, running right beside her.





“She will tire out on her own as long as we let her run it out of her system,” is what he would say when she would get tired just watching the tot run in circles. It was a good thing that the house they’d moved into had a huge back yard and all kinds of play equipment. Troy and Dad had even built her a little play house where no one complained if she wrote on the walls or left her toys on the floor.





Juicy brushed her little girl’s dark hair around her finger until they formed ringlets that touched her shoulders. Then she tied two big pink bows around each of the pigtails.





“Look at me Aunt Eboni!” Jazzy stood up in the chair.





Ebonique reached out to the grab the accident prone child. “Girl, you gonna fall!”





“No I ain’t.” She jumped up and down.





“Jazzy sit down, you’re going to fall.” Juicy said. “And don’t say ain’t.”





“Watch Mama!” Jazzy leaped out of the chair before anyone could react. She almost made it but her little shoe hooked onto the arm and she went splat to the floor. She looked up accusingly with her dark gray eyes, as if her Mama or Aunt Eboni had put a curse on her for not listening. Then the tears began.





Juicy waddled over to her. “Let me see. Girl, you’ve gone and bust your lip open.” Jazzy squeezed out a small tear. “Go into the office and get the little ice pack out of the freezer.” It was one that she kept just for Jazzy’s frequent accidents. Jasmine Hyden nodded her head solemnly and headed to do as instructed, but then the front door opened and her Daddy came in.





“Daddy!” She forgot about the icepack and her minor injury and sprinted to her father.





“Hi beautiful. Oomph!” She caught him in the gut and he quickly put down the carton of pastries and then lifted her in his arm. “Oh, sweetie, your lip.”





“I bust my head open, Daddy.”





“Again?” She nodded solemnly. “How many times has that been this week?”





“A…thousand?”





“Pretty close.”





“What’s up T?” Several people greeted him. No one barely remembered a time when they used to call him Candyman. He had told them that it made him sound and feel like a drug dealer and they had eventually stopped.





“Hey ladies.” He greeted them one by one, passing out their individual pastry orders and collecting money. He didn’t bake for free anymore, but he did leave samples in the reception area to be purchased at a super cheap price. Now if people wanted Troy’s baked goods they had to come down to the little shop that he had in partnership with his brother Bob or come here to pick up a delivery when he dropped off Juicy’s lunch.





Bob and his wife had relocated to Cincinnati after Mom and Dad had moved to help with Jazzy. Lorie still lived in Connecticut but spoke often about selling her home and moving out, as well.





Troy handed a bag of a dozen cookies to a little boy. “Jayron, remind your mother that I won’t be making any more deliveries once Juicy has the baby, okay?”





“Yes sir.” The boy scampered out the door with his purchase.





“Y’all sure y’all want another one?” One of the new girls asked.





Juicy put her hand on her swollen belly. “It’s too late to have second thoughts now.” She gestured to her next customer. “Okay, Miss Johnson, I’m ready for you.”





Troy moved to the salon with a lunch box in his hand. He kissed Juicy’s cheek. “How late are you working?”





“I’ll be home by three.”





“Have you checked your blood pressure?” Her blood pressure had been under control for several years. But they were still concerned with a reoccurrence of the pre-eclampsia. Thus far, she had avoided it. Most of that was attributed to the fact that Juicy took care of herself. Her diet was healthy, she walked and exercised—that came naturally with being a mother to an over active four year old. Even at seven months pregnant she was close to a hundred pounds less in weight then she had been at the end of her pregnancy with Jasmine.





“We all been checking it!” Ebonique barked. “And it’s a little high, but that’s because little Miss Thang over there keeps falling and busting her head open.”





One of the workers had slipped the girl a cookie, as if she needed sugar in her system. They had a system that worked well. Troy’s mom and dad watched her all day twice a week and Juicy took her to work the other two days and then Troy picked her up and took her to the bakery when he brought Juicy her lunch each day. Mondays the shop was closed, of course. It worked well until Jazzy would start school in the fall. And there would be another baby in two more months. When that happened she wanted to stop doing hair and stay home with the kids. She hadn’t announced that yet. But Ebonique had done a great job managing when she needed time away from the shop, and she wanted her to take the position permanently.





Troy’s bakery had great word of mouth popularity. It was small and quaint and the local paper had even done an article about how it was ‘homeless friendly’. It was now a popular hangout for college aged kids and local musicians. Troy even talked about putting in a stage and letting people perform live, just singers and acoustic guitars and such.





Juicy thought he had great ideas and knew that if he claimed it, it would work for him.





“I want you to come home if it keeps rising.” He said seriously, referring to her blood pressure.





She kissed his nose. “I will. When you take Jazzy with you, I’m sure it will go down.” He chuckled. “Okay, I’ll be home by five.” He placed her lunch in the office.





“Come on Princess Jasmine.” He called. “See you ladies later.” Jasmine scampered to him. She had already lost one of her ribbons and they spent a few moments searching for it. It was under the row of seats in the reception area. He didn’t want to consider why she had been crawling under the seats.





“Jazzy, give me kiss goodbye, baby.” Juicy held out her arms and Jasmine sprinted to her, stopping suddenly before crashing into her stomach.





“Bye, Ma+ma.” She wrapped her arms around her mother’s waist and kissed her belly. “Bye little baby brother or sister.”





Troy then took her by the hand and waved to everyone as she pulled him out the door.





“Daddy, can we go to the park?”





“I have to go back to the bakery. But we can go for a little while after work.”





“Yay!” She jumped up and down and clapped. Several people stopped to stare at the pretty little brown skinned girl and the white man that was obviously her Daddy as they shared the same grey eyes. They talked as they walked down the street together hand in hand. When they got to his Jeep Cherokee he disengaged the locks and Jazzy mimicked the little chirping sound. He buckled her into her booster seat and handed her one of her books to read. Sometimes it kept her attention until he got them to their destination.





Troy got behind the wheel and started the car. He had been seizure free for almost three years. And before that he’d had only one in the entire year. Of course he had to take his medication regularly, and if he noted that he was having any of the signals, like repetitive tapping of his fingers or feet then he anticipated one and could put himself in a safe position. There had been no need for that for several years.





Jazzy had lost interest in her book in less than a minute and they were doing a sing-a-long. Soon Troy was singing by himself. He looked in the rear view mirror and his daughter was staring off into space. Her pretty rosebud mouth was slightly ajar and her body had gone slack. A few moments later her eyes blinked and she got quiet as she turned to the window to stare at the passing scenery. His lips were a grim line as he took all of it in.





Janet had said that it was normal for kids to have absence seizures and that she might grow out of hers without the need for medication. He was reluctant to start her on a course until he knew for sure whether or not she had inherited his condition. Regardless, he would teach her how to be safe in a seizure, and how not to feel like an outcast because she had them. Right now, he was thankful that she didn’t know that they marked her as different from other little girls. Hopefully it was something that she would never have to learn.





“Daddy, can I be your helper at the bakery?”





“Well, as long as OSHA isn’t around, I think it will be fine.”





“Who’s that?” He chuckled his response.





They pulled up into the crowded parking lot shared by a music store and a Greek restaurant. Most of the cars were there for his bakery. He knew this based on the animated sounds coming from the neat little shop.





Again, another building purchased for a dollar and partially financed with the proceeds from their first successful business venture. Then Bob had wanted to buy into it; though Troy suspected that Bob had been more interested in re-establishing their bond then in operating a bakery. Regardless of the reason, he loved working closely with his brother, as well as his brother’s wife, who dropped in whenever they needed the help. His wife had turned out to be easy going and she and Juicy had hit it off quickly.





The newest business venture had the nondescript name of Hyden’s Bakery and coffee shop. Their family wasn’t very creative when it came to naming businesses, but they had a knack for running successful ones. They had enough money in the bank to sit at home and to allow their businesses to work for them; however both he and Juicy enjoyed the work that they did. He suspected that Juicy’s early retirement would be short lived.





Jazzy ran ahead of him and into the bakery and Troy heard several people greet her. Her reputation preceded her. He smiled to himself. His life as a father and husband was more then he could have ever hoped for. He didn’t know if his was a ‘normal’ life, but he knew that he was where he had always wanted to be; in a real family.





“Hey Bossman.” Jace said.





“Hey, looks like we got a crowd. Go ahead and take a break. I’ll fill in behind the cash register.”





“Kewl.” She slipped off her apron and tossed it to him. Then she bounded from around the bar and joined her friends at a table. She had her long black and fuchsia hair tied back but her bangs were ever falling into her eyes. And because she didn’t like wearing hair nets, she was forced to work behind the register and waiting tables. She didn’t mind. She got good tips, especially when the word got out that she was a pre-operative transsexual. It seemed that everyone that hung out in the alternative establishment wanted to help foot her surgery bill. Troy had even set up a drop box that said plainly; ‘Jace Macadue’s sex change bucket.’





Jace hadn’t even corrected him that it was called sex reassignment surgery. Now that she was taking the hormones, her tall lanky body had the beginnings of a nice pair of breasts and she was soft and curvy in all of the right places. Straight, as well as bi guys sniffed around the pretty girl and she had no shortage of friends.





Jeff Buckley’s So Real was playing over the sound system and the crowd was lively and giving off a good vibe.





Bob came out of the kitchen, wiping his hands on a towel. “Okay, we’re done baking for the day. We’re going to have some learned scones, and oatmeal bread.” They gave away their leftovers at the end of the day because they didn’t use preservatives and Troy refused to sale subpar products. When there was a lot, then he sent them to his church, but if not they just gave them to the homeless at the end of the day.





“Uncle Bob, I’m going to be the helper.” She announced.





“Uh…” Bob looked at Troy. “We don’t have anything else to bake.”





“She can make chicken salad sandwiches with the leftover oatmeal bread. We can only have that tub of chicken salad another day anyways.”





“You’re going to get us closed down by OSHA, dude.”





“Uncle Bob, who is Osha?!” He picked up his little niece and carried her into the kitchen to wash her hands and put on an apron and hairnet. He was practical, so he intended to put a note with the sandwiches stating that they were the creation of 4 year old Jasmine Hyden and were FREE.





Troy poured himself a cup of coffee and then walked to the table with Jace and her friends. “I’ve been thinking about opening up an Internet café…”





THE END





About the Author





Pepper Pace writes romance stories with steamy eroticism, humor and warmth. She enjoys writing, as well as reading about unlikely romances and interracial relationships. Her characters are painfully real and just like in reality, sometimes their stories make you cry, sometimes they make you laugh and when Pepper turns up the passion it becomes very steamy!





She has described her stories as ‘out of the box’ because she is intrigued by the unusual. Stories about perfect people offers very little excitement for Pepper, which is why she has woven a world rich with anti-heroes, the insecure, the angry but always with redemption.





Pepper lives in Cincinnati Ohio with her teenage son and daughter…as do most of her characters.





Visit Pepper’s blog at http://pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com/





Awards


~***~



Pepper Pace is a popular author on Literotica.com. She is the winner of the 11th Annual Literotica Awards for 2009 for Best Reluctance story, as well as best Novels/Novella. She is also recipient of Literotica’s August 2009 People's Choice Award, and was awarded second place in the January 2010 People’s Choice Award. In the 12th Annual Literotica Awards for 2010, Pepper Pace won number one writer in the category of Novels/Novella as well as best Interracial story.





Other books by Pepper Pace

~***~



STRANDED!



Love Intertwined Vol. 1



Juicy





About the Author





Pepper Pace writes romance stories with steamy eroticism, humor and warmth. She enjoys writing, as well as reading about unlikely romances and interracial relationships. Her characters are painfully real and just like in reality, sometimes their stories make you cry, sometimes they make you laugh and when Pepper turns up the passion it becomes very steamy!





She has described her stories as ‘out of the box’ because she is intrigued by the unusual. Stories about perfect people offers very little excitement for Pepper, which is why she has woven a world rich with anti-heroes, the insecure, the angry and always redemption.





Pepper lives in Cincinnati Ohio with her teenage son and daughter…as do most of her characters.





Visit Pepper’s blog at http://pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com/





Awards

~***~



Pepper Pace is a popular author on Literotica.com. She is the winner of the 11th Annual Literotica Awards in 2009 for Best Reluctance and best Novels/Novella, as well the August 2009 People's Choice Award. In the 12th Annual Literotica Awards, Pepper Pace won number one writer in the category of Novels/Novella as well as best Interracial story for 2010.





