Jessica Watkins Presents

Black Dahlia

Book 2 of the Black Burlesque Series





Tiffany Patterson





Copyright © 2015 by Tiffany Patterson

Published by Jessica Watkins Presents



All rights reserved, including the right of reproduction in whole or in part in any form. Without limiting the right under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form by means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner.



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.





Acknowledgements:




I cannot believe this is already book number 2! How crazy is that?? I want to start off my thanking my mom and my entire family for the outpouring of support and love. I appreciate every time you tell me about a new coworker whose read my book, shown support, or wants an autograph! I love you so much.



Secondly, I would like to thank my publisher, Jessica Watkins and her whole team of beta readers, editors, cover creators, marketing team and more. Thank you all for your expertise and input in helping me to publish a quality story. I would also like to thank my fellow authors at Jessica Watkins who constantly show support, guidance, and laughs along this journey.



Third, I want to take the time to acknowledge and thank the authors who I have connected with who constantly encourage me to do better, either through their own writing or their words of support.



To my beta readers, thank you so much for taking the time to help me create a better story. Your time and effort is greatly appreciated and never taken for granted. I appreciate you so much.



Last, but CERTAINLY not least, I would like thank all of my fans and readers. To everyone who has read my books, shared them with others, written a review, tweeted me, sent me an email, a message or comment on Facebook, thank you, thank you, THANK YOU! I am truly grateful, appreciative and humbled by your outpouring of support. My goal is to continuously become a better writer and to publish stories that you all will enjoy reading years from now. I am truly grateful and inspired by your messages. I cannot say thank you enough!





Black Dahlia Spotify Playlist: https://open.spotify.com/user/patters434/playlist/0ehu76DX7eKcdnAqX7mVBc





Prologue




“So, are you going to finally take me up to your room or what?” Mercedes watched as the most piercing brown eyes she’d ever seen widened in surprise, before dark brows wrinkled as he smiled. The wanton smile was attached to none other than one Raul Santiago. Raul and Mercedes had spent the past hour dancing and making small talk after both their recently-married, best friends, Nikola and Devyn, had left for their honeymoon. Mercedes, serving as the maid of honor, and Raul, one of Nikola’s two best men, had been sneaking sly glances and exchanging light flirtations since the night of the wedding rehearsal. Mercedes had grown tired of the innuendos; she was ready for the real deal.

Raul dipped his head so his lips hovered just above Mercedes’. “Is that what you want?” he asked in a low, seductive tone. Mercedes moved her gaze down to the full lips that were so close, and unconsciously licked her lips. She closed her eyes and bit her lip in an attempt to prevent a moan, then felt his hand slip around her waist to the small of her back. While her eyes remained closed, she felt the lightest touch of soft lips to the corner of her mouth. She had her answer. She opened her eyes and nodded, saying, “More than anything.”

Obviously pleased with her response, Raul moved quickly, pulling her to his side and guiding her out of the reception towards the elevator. As soon as the elevator doors opened, he pulled Mercedes inside and pressed the button for the top floor, to where his rented suite was located. Using his six-foot-two, solidly built frame, Raul pressed Mercedes’ back into the elevator wall. At five-foot-nine and in four inch stilettos, she was in the perfect position to wrap her arms around his neck and pull his head down for a kiss. But just before their lips touched, Raul paused staring into her eyes, as if searching for something. The scorching look he gave her made Mercedes’ belly flip flop. He slowly lowered his head, sticking his tongue out to lick Mercedes’ plump bottom lip. He nipped at her lip, before sucking it into his mouth and licking to soothe the bite. Letting her lower lip go, Raul moved in for a full kiss, using his tongue to ease her mouth open. At the same time that his lips and tongue assaulted her mouth, he let his strong hands move down Mercedes’ waist and stroke her thighs. He deftly found the end of Mercedes’ bridesmaid’s dress and rolled the ends up to touch her smooth dark chocolate colored thighs. Mercedes pressed her breasts into Raul’s strong chest and pulled him in even closer when she felt his hands moving up to rub her ass. She made a mental note to thank Devyn for choosing the shorter length bridesmaids dresses, instead of the floor length gowns.

Easy access is the gift that keeps on giving tonight, she thought when she felt Raul’s hand move around to the front to cup her panty-covered mound. Raul moved away from Mercedes’ lips, over her jawline, and down her neck, nipping and sucking as he went. He was so caught up in the feel of her beneath his hands and lips, and her breasts pressing into his chest, that he nearly missed the ding of the elevator. They reluctantly pulled apart, staring at one another. Both were stunned by the amount of chemistry between them. Despite having their fair share of lovers in the past, experiencing this level of desire so soon after meeting was new for either one.

“We’re here,” Raul said, his lips brushing over Mercedes’.

“Mmmm, ‘bout time,” she moaned into his mouth.

Raul grabbed Mercedes’ hand, pulling her off the elevator, and quickly made his way down the hall to his suite. Once they reached his door, Raul’s urgent need to feel Mercedes in his arms again got to him. He spun her around, pushing her back into the door and pressing his lips to hers. For long moments they stood outside his suite, allowing their hands and mouths to become reacquainted with one another. With Raul’s lips on her neck, Mercedes moved her hand over the front of his tailored tuxedo to cup his very large erection. Impressed would be an understatement for how Mercedes felt as she stroked his large cock through his pants.

“Querida,” Raul moaned, as his breath hitched from her touch. He continued to pepper kisses along her jawline, and allowed his hands to move around to grip her firm backside. The only sounds that could be heard were the small moans coming from Mercedes’ mouth, and the words of endearment, mostly in Raul’s native, Portuguese. Finally, Raul broke away to take out his key card.

Mercedes took in his eyes, lidded heavily with desire and his slightly swollen lips. She imagined his face was a mirror of her own desire. Opening the door, Raul moved to the side to allow Mercedes’ entrance. Within seconds of stepping into the room, Mercedes knew something was wrong. Two feet from the door lay a pair of women’s high-heeled shoes. A few feet away from the shoes lay a red dress. Mercedes continued to follow the clothing trail until her eyes landed on a woman, laying completely nude on the suite’s couch.

“What the fuck?!” Mercedes heard Raul’s voice boom over her shoulder.

“What the hell is this?” Mercedes asked incredulously, as the nude woman appeared shocked at seeing them both standing there. Raul ignored Mercedes’ question and asked one of his own of the naked woman in his room. “Cindy, how the hell did you get into my suite?” His face was a mask of anger.

Cindy stood up from the couch without bothering to cover herself.

“I thought since we seemed to have a connection downstairs, we could bring the party to your suite. I’m not opposed to threesomes,” she said, looking at Mercedes, and then back to Raul.

“What the hell?!” Mercedes nearly yelled. She turned to Raul. “Is this what you planned? For us to have a threesome with some floozy I don’t even know?!” She didn’t wait for Raul to answer. She began retreating to the door when Raul’s hand on her arm stopped her.

“No, this was not my idea at all. I barely even know this woman.” But Mercedes didn’t care to hear his excuses. She was well aware of how men lie, cheat, and play Mr. Innocent when caught red-handed. She did not have time for any of that nonsense.

“Whatever. I don’t have time for this shit. I’m leaving,” she huffed, and snatched her arm out of his grip. The intense yearning she’d felt just moments before completely fizzled out and was replaced by fire. Mercedes heard the Cindy woman call Raul’s name as she exited the suite.

Mercedes contemplated taking the stairs to get away from Raul, but they were on the twenty-fifth floor, and she was in four inch stilettos. Before she could even make it to the elevator, Raul caught up with her.

“Wait. I didn’t...this is not what it looks like,” Raul tried to explain. But Mercedes was not hearing it. She’d heard those words before and she knew those were the words of a liar and a cheater.

“Leave me alone and go back to your girlfriend or whoever the hell she is!” Mercedes said, angrily.

“She’s NOT my girlfriend. I barely know th-”

“I don’t care,” Mercedes interjected with the wave of her hand. “This was a mistake anyway. I’m going home.” She didn’t even turn to look over her shoulder at Raul, but she heard his loud sigh just as the elevator doors opened. She quickly stepped on the elevator and pressed the button for the ground floor, only turning around once the doors closed.

On the elevator ride down Mercedes chastised herself for feeling as angry as she was. She didn’t know Raul. He wasn’t her man, or even in the potential running to be her man. They were part of a wedding party hooking up for the night. So why was she so angry that he had someone else waiting for him in his room?

As Mercedes stepped off the elevator she was greeted by Lorenzo, a stern-looking man, whom she knew was working security for Devyn and Nikola’s wedding.

“Hello, Ms. Holmes. Mr. Santiago asked me to be your escort home,” he said, managing a half smile.

“Excuse me?” she asked still angry.

“Mr. Santiago asked me to make sure you got home safely. I have the car right out front.”

“You work for Rau-Mr. Santiago?” she asked, recalling that Devyn did mention something about Raul working in security.

“Yes, ma’am. I can deliver you home or wherever you would like to go.” Mercedes figured Raul must have called this man while she was on her way down to make sure she got home safely. Maybe he wasn’t a complete ass. Still…

Mercedes smiled tightly and allowed Lorenzo to escort her to the car. On her way home, she mentally kicked herself for feeling disappointed in Raul. They did not have a commitment, and she didn’t even do commitments. Well, not long-term commitments anyway. Mercedes knew that type of relationship wasn’t for her. Yet, she couldn’t explain the sense of longing that grew in the pit of her stomach the further away from the hotel the car drove.

Further away from Raul.





Eighteen months later…





Chapter 1




“Ladies and gentlemen, I know who you’ve allllll been waiting for!” The audience cheered as Mistress Coco began her introduction. “This next performer is hotter than a cat on a hot tin roof, Angelina Jolie’s lips and Beyonce’s ass put together!” Coco’s voice reverberated through the dimly lit room. “Give a warm welcome to the one, the ONLY, BLACK DAHHHHHLIIIIAAA!”

Outfitted in her red and black Moulin Rouge costume, complete with a huge feather tail, top hat and cane, Mercedes strutted to the middle of the stage, pausing as the opening chords of Usher’s Bad Girl began to play. Mercedes smiled wickedly. Tonight she was taking the audience on a ride.

Planting her cane and pivoting her hips so her butt faced the crowd, Mercedes rotated her ass and swiveled her hips in time to the music, before turning and walking to the edge of the stage. She hooked one of the front male audience members with her cane, and shook her breasts in his face before pushing him back into his seat.

The audience roared at her antics.

She took the cane in both hands in front of her and dipped down, spreading her legs wide and gyrated her hips. Turning her back to the audience, she dropped the cane and removed her top hat, flinging it to the side of the stage for the stage kitten on the side to retrieve. Rolling her shoulders, she unbuttoned her corset and spun, teasing the audience by showing one breast then the other, until she finally removed it, tossing it to the side just like her hat. Mercedes dropped down to her knees, grabbed her cane, and thrust her hips forward in a suggestive motion to the beat of the music. She dropped the cane and raised herself on her forearms, her ass high in the air, and only her toes and forearms touching the floor. She slowly dragged her toes forward, lifting her hips higher in the air, and rotated them in time with the beat. This was her signature move. It always got the crowd going, and tonight was no different. The whistling, clapping and stomping from the crowd got her adrenaline pumping even more. She dropped down, spun over so that she was laying with her back on the stage and knees bent, lifting her hips and rotating in a circular motion and up and down in rhythm with the music. Finally she stood, turned her back to the crowd one last time and removed the feather tail, which was attached to her shorts with Velcro, exposing her barely there panties. She finished her set in her stockings, purple pasties and panties. She bowed and blew a kiss to the cheering audience before exiting the stage.

The rush she felt performing was like no other. In this space, Mercedes felt free of her worries. She didn’t worry about being assistant principal and the school year that was ending, or her upcoming dreaded visit back home to see her family, or the strange hang up calls she had been getting. Around the Black Kitty, Mercedes was just Black Dahlia, smoking hot performer. Mercedes had, had her share of lovers, many of whom were very good, and even they didn’t compare to the pure animalistic pleasure she derived from performing on stage. The beat of the music, the adoration of the audience, and the support of the other dancers all touched a part of her spirit that nothing ever had before. On stage, Mercedes was unbidden by her family’s conservative expectations, demands of her job or societal expectation of how a “proper” woman was supposed to behave. She was even thrilled to know her best friend, and fellow performer, Black Pearl aka Devyn Collins was in the audience cheering and supporting her.

Mercedes strolled down the long hallway adorned with new and old images of burlesque performers. Mercedes always felt a sense of pride seeing the images of women such as Josephine Baker, Jean Idelle, Lottie the Body and others. To be amongst the images of these groundbreaking women was an honor in the world of burlesque. Reaching the changing room, Mercedes entered and prepared to change as she waited for her costume. Roxxy knocked on the door and entered bringing Mercedes her discarded clothing.

“You were fantastic, Dahlia!” Roxxy, the dark, brown-skinned beauty, beamed at Mercedes. Roxxy, like most of the stage kittens, were up and coming performers who were looking for a shot to perform one day on the big stage. Roxxy was fairly new to the club, but was enthused as the other kittens to learn from the main performers.

“Thank you, Roxxy,” Mercedes said taking her costume from the younger woman.

“Maybe you can give me a few pointers sometime?” Roxxy asked.

“Maybe, but it won’t be for a while. I have a busy schedule over the next few months.”

“Oh o-”

“Roxxy come on girl! These costumes aren’t going to move themselves!” Mistress Coco’s voice boomed through the door.

Roxxy hesitated.

“You better go. Rule number one, NEVER keep boss lady waiting!” Mercedes joked. Owner of The Black Kitty, Mistress Coco, was a five-foot-three powerhouse and former burlesque dancer herself. She was known to run a very tight ship when it came to her club. Even though the woman was in her mid-sixties, she was not someone whose bad side you wanted to get on.

“Yeah, I’ll talk to you later,” Roxxy said before rushing off.

Mercedes turned to look at herself in the mirror. She admired her strong, shapely legs, her flat stomach and perky breasts. She examined her fishnet stockings, smoky eye makeup and done up lips. This is how she felt most comfortable. At times she felt like the business suit professional was just a facade, but Black Dahlia was who she was meant to be all along. This made her think of the trip home she was scheduled to take in a few weeks. Her family knew nothing of this Mercedes. She’d learned long ago that sharing all of who she was with her family was not acceptable.



****



Ring! Ring! Ring!

“Dammit!” Mercedes cursed as she exited her bathroom.

It was the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend, around 10am and she was already running late. Today was not only Devyn and Nikola’s Memorial Day picnic, but also the 1st birthday party for the couple’s identical twins, Theodore and Jacques. Mercedes had a few errands to run before making her way over to her friend’s mansion, on the other side of town. If she was lucky she’d make it there by noon, but this was Atlanta, and traffic was horrible. Mercedes knew she wasn’t going to be lucky today.

“Hello,” Mercedes answered, picking up her apartment phone.

Silence.

“Hello!” Mercedes said, a little more forcefully.

Silence.

A chill ran down Mercedes’ spine. This was the third hang up call she had gotten that week. It was beginning to make her feel uneasy.

“Look, either you have something to say to me or not.” Mercedes’ anger was beginning to grow at the thought of someone intentionally trying to scare her.

Click.

Mercedes looked at the telephone receiver in her hand and felt the tension grow in her stomach. She looked at the caller ID as she’d done with the previous hang-up calls, and just like before, the number came up “Unknown.”

Sighing, she hung the phone up, just before hearing the buzz of her cell phone. It was a text from Devyn.

Hey, what time do you think you’ll be here?

Mercedes paused before responding, thinking of the errands she needed to run, which included picking up the gifts she’d ordered for the boys.

Probably around 1pm. I woke up late and need to run a few errands first.

She waited a few minutes for Devyn’s response.

Alright. No problem. We’ll see you then.

Hey, you didn’t just try to call me on my home phone did you? Mercedes knew it was a long shot, but she silently hoped it was Devyn who called and hung up due to a bad connection or something.

No. Why? Devyn responded.

No reason. I’ll see you later. Give the boys a kiss for me.

Once the conversation ended, Mercedes went to finish getting dressed. She styled her naturally kinky hair in a loose chignon and left a few curls hanging down the sides. She opted to wear a white chiffon relaxed mini long-sleeved dress. The slits extended the length of the sleeve, allowing the wearer to feel comfortable wearing the dress in warm weather, while also allowing Mercedes to show off her toned arms. She paired the dress with a pair of three inch strappy sandals. Checking the mirror once again, she looked over her light summer makeup, which usually consisted of a bit of concealer, some powder, eye shadow, and a bright lipstick. Today, however, she opted to wear a shimmery pink lipstick. The bright colors against her dark skin made her skin glow even more. Mercedes smiled, knowing she looked good.

Stepping out of her front door and walking to her car, Mercedes wondered if she would see Raul at the birthday party. For the past year and a half she’d seen him only a handful of times. Mercedes knew from Devyn that he often traveled for work and to visit his family in Brazil. The only times she’d seen him were when they both were christened as the twins’ Godparents, another time when Devyn and Nikola hosted a holiday party this past December, and a few times in passing when Raul and Mercedes had been visiting their friends’ home. She’d done her best to keep conversation to a minimal. At both the christening and the holiday party, Raul had a different date on his arm. She knew he wasn’t hurting for female attention. Mercedes went out of her way to maintain her physical and emotional distance whenever he was around. Despite the emotional boundaries she tried to set, she’d often find her eyes wandering and landing on his perfectly sculpted body. She couldn’t help but notice the lingering stares he would send her way whenever they were in the same room. The same combustible chemistry that pulled them together on the night of Devyn and Nikola’s wedding, was still there. Mercedes often told herself it was simply because they’d never had the chance to finish what they started that night, but even after all this time she’d begun to wonder if it wasn’t something more.

Getting into her car, Mercedes closed her eyes to purge herself of thoughts of Raul Santiago, instead she found herself picturing a set of big twinkling light brown eyes.

She sighed.

Of course Raul would be there, he was the twins’ Godfather and she was their Godmother. She was not going to give him an opportunity to explain away his behavior or make her believe he was something other than what he was…a rich, incredibly sexy playboy. Devyn still questioned Mercedes about what happened the night of her wedding with Raul, but she refused to tell her. She just admitted that things didn’t work out between them and that was all. She knew Devyn didn’t believe her, but she was not up for sharing anymore details than necessary.

****

Devyn greeted Mercedes at the front door “Hey gorgeous.” Devyn and Nikola lived in a huge mansion in the exclusive community of Buckhead.

“Thank you. You’re not looking too bad yourself, Mrs. Collins, mother of one year old twins.” Mercedes eyed Devyn in her coral sleeveless romper, paired with white sandals. What made Devyn’s look complete was the stunning smile and glow on her face.

“Thank you. How was the traffic?” Devyn asked as she pulled Mercedes into the house.

“Hell on Earth. You know how traffic is out here,” Mercedes answered.

Mercedes lifted the package she had tucked under her arm for the boys. “Where do I put these?” She’d gotten each twin a specialized baby book with all the pictures she’d taken over the last year, from the first day of their birth until now, and a number of specially made clothing items with their names embroidered on it, along with books and other smaller toys. She loved spoiling her Godsons.

“I told you not to go all out.” Devyn tried to pin Mercedes with a serious look, but Mercedes waved her off.

“Girl please. You know it’s my job to spoil the hell out of my Godchildren and then send them home to you and Nikola when they start crying.” She laughed as Devyn rolled her eyes.

“Whatever,” she said, with her hands out. “I’ll take those and put them with the rest of the gifts. You can head out back. Mostly everyone’s already here.” Devyn took the gifts and walked towards the back of the house where there was a room for the children’s gifts and toys.

Stepping outside into the backyard, Mercedes surveyed the entire scene in front of her. It was huge, with a custom-made outdoor grill, bar and patio on one end, and a large in ground swimming pool on the other end. Mercedes could see a number of Nikola and Devyn’s family members and friends laying around or in the pool, while others sat at the tables that had been set up to accommodate the guests. Not far from the grill she spotted Nikola holding one of the twins, while Raul held the other.

Mercedes was once again caught up in the sheer beauty of this man. No matter how many times she’d seen him in the last year and a half, or how many times she’d remind herself that he was probably a no-good cheater, she couldn’t help but stare. Her lips began to tingle as memories of their explosive kisses danced in her mind. He wore light-colored linen pants, and a light grey Polo shirt that was tucked in at the waist. The shirt’s short-sleeves showed off his rippling biceps. Mercedes bit her lip, as her eyes moved up to the big smile he wore, as he tickled the chin of the twin he was holding. When the twin laughed, his smile was filled with almost as much pride as Nikola’s. Her heart rate sped up as she took in the picture he made before her. One of pure masculinity and strength, but just enough vulnerability to play and laugh at the antics of the one-year-old child in his arms.

“Cute aren’t they?”

Mercedes jumped at hearing Devyn’s voice behind her.

“Dammit girl, you know I’ve got high blood pressure. Why are sneaking up on me like that?” She tried to play off her surprise at once again being caught staring at Raul, but Devyn wasn’t buying it.



“You have high blood pressure? Yeah right.” Devyn laughed at Mercedes’ incredulous face. “Or maybe you’re just trying to play off getting caught once again staring at the Godfather of my babies. One day you’re going to tell me what went down between you two.”

“Don’t count on it,” Mercedes mumbled, as Devyn pulled her over to say hello to Nikola, Raul and the boys.

Mercedes greeted Nikola with a hug and placed a kiss on Theodore’s cheek before turning to Raul.

She greeted him coolly. “Mr. Santiago.”



Raul raised an eyebrow. “Killer, why must your friend insist on calling me Mr. Santiago?” Raul directed the question at Devyn, but kept his attention on Mercedes. Raul continued to call Devyn “Killer” ever since the night he and Nikola walked in on Devyn kicking the shit out of her ex-boyfriend. He’d jokingly offered her a job with his security firm, but Nikola quickly nixed that idea.

“I don’t know, and since neither one of you will tell us what happened between you, I can only speculate,” Devyn retorted, as she looked from Mercedes to Raul and back again.

“Well Santiago is your last name, isn’t it?” Mercedes asked mockingly.

Raul sighed, before passing Jacques to Devyn since he began squirming for his mother.

“We’ll let you two have a moment,” Devyn said eyeing Nikola, who’d silently been watching the exchange between Raul and Mercedes.

As Devyn and Nikola walked off with the boys, Raul allowed his gaze to slowly drift down Mercedes’ body. She saw appreciation and a hint of lust in his eyes, when they stopped on her pink colored lips. Her breath caught as she saw the look of lust grow, right before he blinked and it was gone.

“You’re looking lovely, Mercedes. How have you been?” Raul asked.

“I’m great, Mr. Santiago.” Mercedes made it a point to emphasis the last two words.

Just as Raul was about to respond, a blond-haired woman walked over. She was dressed in a pair of light blue shorts that showed off her perfectly tanned long legs and a white peasant top.

“Raul, sweetie, I’m getting hungry are you ready to eat?” she asked.

Mercedes found the woman’s voice rather annoying. And did she just call him sweetie? Mercedes wondered if this was Cindy’s replacement or if he had been so bold as to step out on Cindy with this woman. Raul didn’t even bother to look ashamed at Mercedes seeing him with the woman he obviously came there with.



“Yvette, this is Mercedes. Devyn’s best friend and Godmother of the twins.” He had the nerve to introduce Mercedes to his date not thirty seconds after he’d just eyed her like she was a tall glass of water, on a hot summer day and that he was ready to drink.

Men.

Mercedes shook her head. She greeted Yvette, and excused herself to allow the couple some privacy. She spent the rest of the party playing with her Godsons--that is when the boys’ grandmothers allowed them out of their sight long enough to play with someone else. Mercedes secretly envied the way Devyn and Nikola’s mothers gushed over their grandsons and their children in general. Both families had developed a special bond in the year and a half since their children married, and they would undoubtedly pass that closeness down to Theodore and Jacques. Mercedes thought about her own family, and felt a pang in her chest at the yearning for the closeness she saw in front of her. Not wanting to dwell on thoughts of her own family, Mercedes went over to ask Devyn about bringing the gifts out to let the boys open.

Fifteen minutes later, most of the guests sat around the patio as Jacques and Theodore sat on their parents’ laps, while ripping open their gifts. Mercedes laughed at the antics of the twins, who often seemed more interested in the wrapping paper than the actual gifts. It took nearly an hour to get through all of the presents that had been brought out. More gifts remained in the boys’ playroom, but Devyn opted to leave the rest until later. When all was said and done, Theodore and Jacques had enough clothes to last them until their second birthday. They also had an assortment of toys, books, purchases of all sorts of baby classes, and enough in the way of savings bonds that would pay for each boy’s college fund, twice over - not that they needed it anyway. As a Collins, each child had been born into a financial empire, and would want for anything. As the party began to wind down, Mercedes helped Devyn clean up the discarded wrapping paper, before heading out.

“You know if traffic’s too crazy, you’re more than welcome to stay the night,” Devyn offered.

“I don’t want to impose. I know your mom and sister’s family is here,” Mercedes countered.

Devyn waved her off. “Please, there’s plenty of room.”

“It’s okay. I’ll be all right getting home,” Mercedes said, as they made their way through the house. She gave one last look at the boys.

“God, I can’t believe they’re a year already. Time flies,” she said, with a hint of nostalgia in her voice.

“It sure does. I have toddlers already.”

“Yeah, and I can’t believe that’s all you have with the way you and your husband go at it,” Mercedes teased. She saw the loving kisses Nikola constantly snuck throughout the afternoon. She even noticed there was about a thirty minute window, in which no one could find Nikola or Devyn. Mercedes knew the two had probably snuck off to get busy.

“We don’t have more kids yet because I perfected my swallowing technique.” Mercedes choked on the water she was drinking as she laughed at Devyn’s statement.

“You’re a trip. That husband of yours is rubbing off on you. I like it,” Mercedes laughed again.

“Me too,” Devyn said, as she hugged Mercedes.

“Leaving so soon?” Devyn and Mercedes turned to see Raul approach.

“Yeah, I couldn’t convince her to stay the night,” Devyn answered.

“Uh, yeah. I’ve got some things I need to do tomorrow.” Mercedes tightened her lips wondering why she felt the need to explain herself to him.

“Let me walk you to your car.” Devyn’s eyebrow rose, but she remained silent, as Raul grabbed Mercedes around the waist before she could protest.

Mercedes felt a sensation of warmth through her dress, where Raul’s hand pressed into her lower back, as he opened the door, and Mercedes had to force herself not to lean into him.

“This wasn’t necessary. I’m sure Yvette is wondering where you are,” Mercedes said, in an attempt to remind herself, and him, that he was there with another woman. Other than a small tick in his jaw, Raul continued walking towards her pine green Kia, without response. As they walked, Mercedes inhaled his masculine scent; she knew it was a mix of some type of expensive cologne and a scent that was all Raul Santiago.

“This is it. Thank you,” she said, as they arrived at her car. When she felt his hand still pressing on the small of her back, she turned to look up at him.

Raul nodded. “You’re welcome, Querida.”

Mercedes didn’t know what the last word meant, but she remembered he’d repeated it over and over when they kissed outside his hotel room that night of the reception. She shivered just thinking of the way his lips felt as they moved over hers. She unconsciously stared at his lips and licked her own. She didn’t even notice until she saw Raul’s lips turn up into a smile.

“See something you like?” he asked, in that wicked tone that shot straight to her core.

“You wish,” she said defiantly, pulling her gaze off his lips and up to his eyes. And that was even worse because his eyes held a sinful look. He knew she wanted him.

“I do,” he said, still smiling.

Mercedes placed her hands on her hips. “I don’t think Yvette would appreciate you talking to me like this. And for that matter neither would Cindy. Or did you finally break up with her instead of just cheating on her?” Mercedes heard the anger in her own voice but didn’t care.

However, Raul didn’t rise to the bait; instead telling her, “I already told you I don’t even know Cindy and I have not seen her since that night. As for Yvette, she’s just a friend.” Mercedes eyed him closely. For some reason she believed him about Cindy, and maybe even Yvette. She couldn’t blame the man for women coming on to him or being attracted to him. He was deliciously attractive, successful in his career, and very wealthy. She looked into his eyes and knew that if given the chance he could make her fall hard for him. She couldn’t allow that.

“If you say so. That’s none of my damn business,” she said, stepping back to unlock her car door.

“What if I wanted to make it your business?” he asked, flirtatiously. Mercedes tried hard not to smile, but his was infectious. She smiled as the butterflies in her stomach rose.

“I’m leaving now. Goodbye, Mr. Santiago,” she said, using his last name, attempting to assert some emotional distance.

“Raul,” he stated in a low, but firm voice.

“What?” she asked, caught off guard.

“My name is Raul. Say it,” he commanded.

“Mr. Sa--”

“Raul,” he commanded more sternly stepping closer to tower over her. Mercedes felt the butterflies in her stomach turn into a full on jackhammer as her insides hummed with desire under his watchful gaze. She wanted to be her usual defiant self and let him know she wasn’t the least bit turned on. But, they both knew that would be a lie.

“Raul,” she said, just above a whisper.

Those sexy lips of his, again, turned up into a devil’s grin. He’d won this round.

“That’s more like it,” he said, placing a kiss right at the corner of her lips.

“Drive safely,” he said, stepping back to allow her space to get into her car, and closing her car door.

Driving off, Mercedes peeked at her rearview mirror to see Raul still standing in the center of the driveway watching her car. She couldn’t help the smile that spread across her face.





Chapter 2


Raul stood at the end of the driveway, and watched Mercedes’ car disappear around the corner. He didn’t know why he felt the sense of longing grow the further away the car drove. Since the night of Devyn and Nikola’s wedding, he’d wanted Mercedes. Bad. To say he was pissed when he opened the door to find Cindy naked in his suite, would be an understatement. He was truthful when he said he didn’t know Cindy. She was actually a former fling of Nikola’s. She had tried to sneak into Nikola’s wedding reception with a date, but Raul personally escorted her out of the hotel, or so he thought. Apparently, Cindy had other plans, and that night instead of leaving altogether, she decided to turn her attention on Raul. He later found out that she bribed one of the hotel workers to find out what hotel suite he was staying in and to let her in. But, Raul didn’t find that out until after Mercedes stormed off. After he had Cindy escorted out, he went and found out that the assistant manager on duty fell for her bullshit and let her in. He’d personally made sure the man was fired as a security specialist; Raul took that type of responsibility seriously. Any manager allowing random women into a guest's hotel suite didn’t deserve his job, as far as Raul was concerned.

Raul was never one to get caught up in a woman no matter how beautiful she was, and Raul was from Brazil. He knew beautiful women of all races and ethnicities. But something about Mercedes drove him crazy. Not only was she beautiful, but she had a toughness that Raul could tell was used to cover her vulnerability.

Raul decided it was time for him to leave to take his date home. When he reentered the house, he nearly bumped into Devyn who was still standing at the door, as if she’d never left. Her arms were folded and the look on her face told him she wasn’t playing.

“Hey, Killer. I was just about to grab Yvette and say my goodbyes,” he said.

“Hmmmhm. What was that about?” she asked.

Raul knew exactly what she was referring to, but decided to play dumb. “What was what about?”

Devyn merely lifted her eyebrow, which made Raul smile. His best friend’s wife was no pushover, and she was protective over her friend as he was over her family.

He blew out a breath. “I just wanted to make sure she got to her car safely. That’s all.” He tried to place an emphasis on “all” but he knew that was a lie. And Devyn’s face said that she knew it too.

“Yeah, okay. Just know she’s not just my friend. She’s my sister, so if you hurt he--” Devyn raised her hand when Raul attempted to interrupt her. “..If you hurt her, you’ll have me to answer to. Got it?”

Raul smirked. “You gonna sic that overgrown, half-Greek on me?” he joked, referring to Nikola.

“I’ll do worse; I’ll revoke your Godfather privileges.”

Raul frowned. She knew how much he loved his Godsons.

“That’s low, Killer.”

“There you are. I was looking for you.” They both turned to see Nikola entering the living room.

“Nik, tell your wife to stop threatening me,” Raul playfully intoned, to his friend.

“What’s she doing? Warning you to not hurt Mercedes?” he asked slyly.

“How’d you know?” Devyn asked, surprised.

Nikola shrugged. “She did the same when we first started dating,” he said, nonchalantly.

Devyn looked surprised to hear this. “No, she didn’t.”

Nikola nodded. “She did. Not in so many words, but I got the message loud and clear,” he laughed. Raul noted how much his friend now laughed. It wasn’t something he did often before dating Devyn. He saw the look of adoration in Nikola’s eyes, whenever he looked at his wife. If Raul had to admit it to himself, he wanted to experience the sort of love he saw between Devyn and Nikola. An image of Mercedes popped into his mind.

“I’m going to go say my goodbyes while you two make out or whatever,” he said to the couple who’d quickly lost interest in him and were now engaged in their own little world.

“I’ll see you in a few weeks, when I return from Rio,” he told them as he exited.

He was going to Rio for a few weeks to work with his father, and then visit his relatives who lived in Bahia, the northeastern part of Brazil. After today, Raul was looking forward to seeing his family. He knew a little time at home with this family would help to de-stress before he returned to Atlanta with intentions of winning Mercedes over. He had a feeling there was something special between them and he was not willing to let her slip by just yet.





Chapter 3


Mercedes felt the burning in her chest as she ran along the neighborhood streets she grew up on.

It was her second full day visiting her parents, and she couldn’t sleep past six o’clock, so instead of remaining in bed she decided to go for a run. Mercedes’ parents lived in the Houston suburb of Pearland. As she ran, Mercedes reminisced on growing up in Pearland. She felt a tightening in her chest, as she ran past the church where her father had been a preacher for over forty years. She’d spent many days in that church feeling trapped.

A woman’s place is in the home tending to her family.

Mercedes remembered the lines her father often repeated from the pulpit and to her throughout her childhood.

She shook her head to rid herself of the memory and slowed her gait from a run to a light jog and then a walk to cool down before stretching. As she bent to hold onto the metal fence that surrounded her parents’ home, she thought about the many nights her father would leave right after dinner and not return until late at night, or even sometimes the following morning. She’d asked her mother why he left so often, and her mother responded that he was helping members of the church who were going through difficult times. Even as a child, Mercedes knew this was a lie. She saw the look of sadness and embarrassment that passed over her mother’s face. More than a few times, while doing laundry, Mercedes saw lipstick stains in the collar of her father’s shirts. Mercedes’ mother never wore lipstick.

“How was your run?” Mercedes turned to see her mother peering out of the front door. At fifty-three Mercedes’ mother’s mahogany skin remained smooth, and though she’d gained weight since Mercedes was a child, she still looked good. Linda had her relaxed hair pulled back in a bun, which is how she most often wore it. She was wearing a pair of black slacks and a grey t-shirt that was covered by an apron, to prevent stains from the big brunch she’d gotten up early to prepare. Mercedes’ mother taught her it was the duty of a wife to always wake up before her husband. It was not ladylike to sleep longer than the man of the house. Mercedes nearly rolled her eyes at that thought, since she knew her father had once again been out late the night before.

“It was good, mama. You need some help in the kitchen?” Mercedes asked as she entered the house.

“No, you gon’ ahead and shower and get dressed. Mal will be here around 10 to have brunch with us,” Linda said referencing Mercedes’ younger brother Jamal.

“Okay.” Mercedes placed a kiss on her mother’s cheek before heading up to her childhood room to shower and change. Mercedes attempted to mentally fortify herself for the onslaught of questions she knew were coming during their brunch.

“Hey! Hey! Hey! Big sis. What’s up, girl?!” Jamal’s deep, boisterous voice rang through the house as he entered the door a few hours later. Four years her junior, Jamal was one of Mercedes’ favorite people in the world.

She smiled widely and ran to hug her brother. “Mal! It’s about time you showed up. I was about to make a trip to the nearest fast food place. You know mama wouldn’t let us eat without you and I’m starving!” Mercedes laughed.

“Nah, you can’t start without me. I’m not that late.” Mercedes narrowed her gaze as she looked at the six-foot, former high school linebacker. Jamal was a few shades lighter than Mercedes, with a warm chestnut colored hue, strong, chiseled jaw and big brown eyes that were always inviting. At Mercedes’ gaze, Jamal dipped his head in mock shame. He knew he was thirty minutes late. Mercedes laughed at his look, rarely ever able to remain mad at her little brother.

A few minutes later their father came downstairs and their mother began placing the food on the table Mercedes had already set. Dwayne Holmes stood at five-feet-ten inches, with smooth skin that extended all the way to his bald head that he shaved regularly. Mercedes inherited her darker skin tone from her father, as well as her almond shaped eyes and full lips. He was, without a doubt, a handsome man. She could see how women would flock to him. The man exuded confidence, even the gold wedding band on his finger wasn’t a deterrent for women seeking his company, and her father, rarely turned down company from women who weren’t his wife. His extramarital affairs were the worst kept secret in their family. Even with his own indiscretions, he pretended like no one knew about them. Dwayne never hesitated to hold his strict Christian values over his daughter’s head.

“Mercedes are you seeing anyone?” Her father dove right in with the questioning after saying grace, as her mother served him his plate. This was his way of his hinting at Mercedes his disapproval of her life.

Mercedes placed her white cloth napkin in her lap, and waited for her brother to pass her the plate of eggs. “No, sir. I am not currently seeing anyone.”

“Mmmm. Well you know no man wants a woman too far over thirty to settle down with. Nor does he want a wo—”

“Dad can you pass me the orange juice please?” Jamal interrupted their father. Mercedes gave him a smile of gratitude and he winked at her.

“Sure, son.” Like night and day. Dwayne Holmes treated his baby boy like a prince, while he often treated Mercedes like a burden, especially after she left for college. Dwayne believed Mercedes going off to college at Howard University in Washington DC was a direct betrayal to all he taught her growing up.

He doesn’t know the half of it. Mercedes thought to herself, realizing if her father knew about her life in Atlanta, he’d probably have a fit.

“Like I was saying, no man is going to want a woman who’s been around the block. A wife of….”

...noble character is her husband’s crown, but a disgraceful wife is like decay in his bones. Mercedes completed the Bible verse in her head that her father drilled into her as a child. She forked eggs into her mouth to keep her mouth occupied instead of firing back at her father.

Fuck. It’s going to be a long week, Mercedes thought as she chewed and swallowed her eggs.



****



“Filho! It’s about time you’ve come home!” Raul’s mother greeted him excitedly as he walked into his parents’ home. Located in the exclusive Lagoa Rodrigo de Frietas community in Rio, was his parents’ spacious four bedroom, three bathroom house, with panoramic views of the lagoon. Since it was just him, he’d never felt the need to buy a home for when he came to Rio. He was close with his parents and knew they missed him when he was away, so he preferred staying with them when he was home. He purchased his own apartment in Bahia, for when he went up north to visit his extended family. His parents often used his apartment when they visited Bahia, as well.

“Alo, mama! I missed you too,” he greeted his mother as she placed kisses on his cheeks.

“Manny, vem aqui!” His mother yelled for his father. At five-foot-three and barely reaching his shoulder in her heels, his mother was a petite ball of energy. Rosaline Santiago was a beautiful woman whose light creamy skin, long curly hair and hazel eyes spoke to her mixed Portuguese and native Brazilian ancestry. Raul’s mother was in her late fifties, but looked eternally younger. Raul’s father often joked of younger men always hitting on his wife when they went out. He knew though his father would make comments jokingly, he could turn very possessive if a man tried seriously to make a move on his wife. Rosaline Santiago owned Raul’s father’s heart and had since the moment he laid eyes on her all those years ago.

“Filho!” Raul heard his father’s booming voice as he entered the room. At six-foot-two, the same golden complexion as his son, and salt and pepper hair, Raul’s father was an exact replica of what Raul would look like in another thirty years. Manuel Santiago was the founder and still current CEO of one of the oldest and most successful banks in Brazil, Banco Rio. Raul came home throughout the year to spend time working with his father in the home office.

Raul grew up living in Brazil and the U.S., spending school vacations, and breaks with his mother’s parents in the states. He was a dual citizen since birth, and decided he wanted to get his college education in the states. When he told his father he was considering West Point, Manuel sat him down and asked him about the school and the military obligations he would have after he graduated. His father was a very logical and meticulous man; it’s how his business had become so successful. He wanted to make sure Raul had done his research. With his father’s blessings, Raul went off to college at West Point and later joined the U.S. Army and served with many of the men he went to West Point with, including Nikola. He started his security firm soon after completing his military service.

“Alo Papa,” he greeted his father with a kiss on each cheek.

“Are you hungry, filho?” His mother asked. He’d eaten a little on the plane, but wanted to save room for his mother’s cooking. She loved making a big traditional Brazilian meal whenever he returned.

He smiled knowingly. “Estou com fome, mama.” He responded in the affirmative knowing she loved nothing more than feeding her only son.

His father grunted.

“Every day she’s telling me to eat more fruits and vegetables. Stop eating too much meat. Drink more water. You come home and she’s in the kitchen cooking up a four course meal.” Raul’s father teased shaking his head. Raul knew his mother often chided his father on his eating habits, and she was known to pop in at his office at lunch time to make sure he ate the healthy meals she prepared for him instead of something else.

Raul spent the rest of the afternoon and evening, eating the meal his mother prepared and catching up with his parents. Over the years they’d become more like close friends, instead of just son and parents. His mother, often questioned him for not being married yet, asking when she was going to get to be a grandmother. He knew it came from a place of love, so he didn’t mind it-except when she partnered with his second mother, Iris Collins. The two women together could be like a dog with a bone-relentless. After lunch, Raul stood, taking his suitcases to his room and unpacked, looking forward to spending the next few weeks with his family.

Over the course of the next three weeks, Raul would go into the bank’s headquarters in Rio’s business sector to catch up on what has been happening in the office, upcoming changes, and important deals they were working on. While all of this information could have been relayed over the phone or via skype meetings, Raul enjoyed working side-by-side with his father.

At the end of the three weeks, Rio took a flight up to the state of Bahia. His apartment was located in Salvador da Bahia, referred to locally as Bahia. Some relatives on Raul’s father’s side of the family were from this part of Brazil, and still lived here. Raul felt a deep connection to the culture in this part of Brazil and his relatives there. Whenever he came home he was sure to visit, especially his cousin Luiz.

Luiz Santiago was a few years older than Raul, and had been married to his wife, Maria for ten years. They had two children--an eight year old son and a five year old daughter. Luiz owned one of the top restaurants in the city.

“How’s it going, primo?” Luiz asked as the two men sat down in back of the restaurant. It was dinner hour, so Luiz was busy, but he always made time for Raul when he visited. The two men spent the next hour talking and catching up as Raul ate. Luiz caught Raul up on the latest family happenings. He told him, he and Maria were planning on having another baby. They both wanted three children to round out their family.

After dinner, Raul returned to his apartment to change and go for a run the beach. He admired the sound of the waves crashing and young children and teens playing pickup games of soccer on the beach. Brazilians love soccer the way Americans love American football, basketball, and baseball combined. After his run, Raul headed home to his apartment, which was a short walk from the beach to shower.

“Hello,” Soon after Raul stepped out of the shower and began drying himself off, his cell phone rang. Not recognizing the number he opted to answer.

“Hi, Raul. It’s Mercedes.” Raul was surprised to hear the voice of the woman he had every intention of making his.

“Hello, querida,” he smiled acknowledging her with his favorite term of endearment for her.

“I hope I’m not bothering you. I got your number from Devyn awhile back, in case of emergencies and things like that, not to like—never mind. I just was trying to get in contact with Devyn and have been unsuccessful. I wanted to know if you’d spoken to or seen Devyn or Nikola recently?” she asked. Her voice sent shivers down his spine and he closed his eyes picturing her beautiful face.

Sitting on the side of his large bed, he responded, “No, I’ve actually been in Brazil the last few weeks working and visiting family.”

“Oh shit, I didn’t mean to bother you while you’re with family,” she apologized.

He smiled at the way she often peppered her speech with curse words. As if it came natural to her.

“It’s fine. I’m home now, so you’re not interrupting,” he told her thinking she would hang up before he really got a chance to talk with her.

“Was there something wrong? I mean, why you needed Devyn?” He figured she must need something important if she was calling him to locate Devyn.

“No, nothing’s wrong. I’m flying back to Atlanta tomorrow from Houston and Devyn is supposed to pick me up from the airport. I wanted to tell her I caught an earlier flight.” Raul did know from Devyn that Mercedes grew up around Houston, so he figured she was home visiting her family. He decided to ask her about it.

“Ah, so you’re visiting family also?” He asked leaning back on his headboard.

“Yup.” Mercedes’ voice was clipped as if she didn’t want to talk about her family, but Raul pushed forward anyway. He wanted to know more about Mercedes.

“How is Houston this time of year?” He asked trying to ease into the conversation.

“Hot!” she said, laughing. He felt his chest tighten with an unfamiliar feeling at hearing her breathy laugh.

“Do you have any siblings?” He asked.

“What is this twenty questions? Why don’t you tell me about your family,” she said, turning the tables on Raul. He had no problem talking about his family. Over the next twenty minutes Raul told Mercedes the story of his parents meeting at Columbia, falling in love and moving back home to Brazil, so his father could start his bank and his mother became a teacher and later on opened her own school in Rio. Mercedes listened intently, asking questions here and there, while revealing a few details about her own family. It wasn’t lost on Raul that he did most of the sharing. He wondered what it was about her background Mercedes didn’t want to reveal. Just as he was going to pry, Mercedes’ other line beeped.

“Hey, that’s Devyn. I gotta go.”

Raul smiled as he hung up the phone. He’d already been intrigued by Mercedes, and their short phone conversation served to pique his interest even more. Raul could tell she was skittish when it came to getting to know him, but she would just have to get over that. Raul doggedly went after what he wanted and he wanted Mercedes.





Chapter 4


Mercedes watched as Devyn’s dark grey BMW SUV pulled up to the sidewalk at Atlanta International Airport the following afternoon.

“Hey girl!” Devyn greeted. She hopped out the car and hugged Mercedes, before they loaded her bags into the back of the car. Mercedes leaned in and placed kisses on each of her Godsons’ cheeks, before hopping into the passenger seat.

“How was your trip?” Devyn asked, as she pulled off.

“Ugh, long,” she sighed, dramatically.

“That bad, huh?”

“Worse.”

Mercedes told Devyn all about her trip, including her father’s jabs about her life, as they drove to lunch at a popular restaurant. Even though it was the middle of the lunch rush, the restaurant accommodated the two women with a private room, which was good for the boys to move around without disturbing other patrons.

“How’s Jamal?” Devyn asked, as she wiped Theodore’s face.

“Still pissed you got married.” Devyn laughed. Mercedes’ brother had had a long-term crush on Devyn.

“Oh, please,” Devyn waved Mercedes off, “You know he’s got plenty other women to keep him company,” they both laughed. Mercedes’ younger brother was a bit of a playboy in his own right. They spent the next hour eating and catching up. Mercedes told Devyn all about her upcoming travel plans for the summer, which included burlesque tours while school was on break. This summer she had scheduled performances in New York, Chicago, and New Orleans, in addition to her regular performances at the Black Kitty and some smaller venues in a few other cities in Georgia. Thinking about the summer is what helped her get through the visit with her parents. She’d spent a few nights at Jamal’s condo, as well just to get away from the scrutiny of her father.

“I called Raul yesterday looking for you.” Mercedes didn’t know why she brought up Raul, but it just slipped out.

Now Devyn was staring at her with a raised eyebrow. “What? What the hell is that look for?” She asked defensively.

“Watch your mouth,” Devyn said, referring to the twins. “I’m just curious. What’s going on with you two?”

Mercedes shrugged as she pushed the remnants of her shrimp salad away. “Nothing’s going on with us. I don’t even trust him.”

Devyn frowned. “Why not? Did he do something to you?” she asked a cautiously.

“No, nothing like that. I mean…” Mercedes finally told Devyn what transpired between Raul and her the night of the wedding. Mercedes could feel her anger and embarrassment rise as she told the story. When she was finally done talking she expected Devyn to look just as shocked or even angry as she was, but she was surprised. Instead of a look of anger, Devyn began laughing.

“What the fu--heck are you laughing at?” she asked, irritated that Devyn would laugh at her.

Devyn waved her hand. “It’s not you I’m laughing at. Well...maybe. Girl, Raul wasn’t dating Cindy. She’s not Raul’s ex. She’s Nikola’s actually.”

Mercedes raised an eyebrow. “Nikola’s?” she questioned.

“Mmhm,” Devyn nodded, as she proceeded to tell Mercedes about Cindy and how she tried to sneak into the wedding reception, and how Raul’s security team kicked her out.

“She probably decided to turn her sights on Raul seeing as how Nikola was no longer available.”

“Dada!” Jacques yelled out, at hearing his father’s name mentioned. Both women laughed.

“Anyway, I know for a fact there was never anything going on between Raul and Cindy. He would never date a woman that Nikola dated.”

Mercedes thought about all Devyn had just revealed. For the last year and a half, she’d thought of Raul as a two-timing bastard like her father. Maybe it was her fear of falling for a man who was like her father that really caused her to put up a wall between her and Raul. Just thinking about him brought up emotions Mercedes was not ready to deal with, and she wasn’t sure if she would ever be. To say she had trust issues was an understatement. They spent a few more minutes talking before getting ready to leave.

Devyn pulled into the parking lot of Mercedes’ apartment complex. Mercedes had a two bedroom, outfacing apartment that was located on the second floor of her building. They each carried a twin, and one of Mercedes’ bags. Mercedes loved her apartment and coming home to it felt like a relief after spending the last few days with her parents. She wanted to sigh with relief as she opened the door, but relief was the last emotion she felt as she laid eyes on her apartment. She felt as if she’d been kicked in the gut. Turning on the light, she stopped short, causing Devyn to bump into her.



“Wha-” Devyn gasped, as she took in the damage to Mercedes apartment. All her belongings were thrown on the floor, her leather couches were shredded as if someone took a pair of scissors to them, and her television had been ripped from the wall and smashed on the floor. As if all that wasn’t bad enough, the word “BITCH” was spray painted in big letters on the wall in her living room.

Blinking away tears at the destruction of all her belongings, Mercedes took a step to inspect the rest of her apartment, but Devyn’s hand stopped her.

“No, you can’t go any further. Let’s step outside and call the police. Whoever did this may still be inside,” Devyn said pulling out her cell phone and dialing 911. Mercedes knew Devyn was right, but she had to see the extent of the destruction. She wondered who would do something like this to her. Was it a random act or was this someone she knew? She began taking another step, but Devyn grabbed her arm again.

“No. You’re not going in there, especially as long as you have my son in your arms,” she reiterated worriedly. Mercedes looked down at Theodore who looked curiously around the room. Devyn was right, she didn’t know what the rest of her apartment looked like, and she didn’t want her Godson being witness to anymore horror. She relented, and stepped back towards the door on shaky legs. Mercedes’ body trembled with fear and rage as they waited outside her apartment for the police; Devyn stroking her arm reassuringly. She was glad to have her friend with her in that moment. She didn’t know how she would have reacted coming home and seeing her apartment destroyed if she were by herself.

About ten minutes later the police showed up to take her statement and go with her as she inspected the rest of her apartment. When she entered her bedroom her heart plummeted. Out of all her belongings, her burlesque costumes were what she was most proud of. Most of her costumes she’d made herself, by hand. She spent hours sewing garments together or gluing rhinestones to her corsets. She wanted to be in control of every aspect of her performance, which included her look. All of it was destroyed. Her costumes laid torn all over her bedroom floor. She couldn’t stop the tears that rolled down her cheeks. Sniffing, she gave the officers her statement and told them all the damage she saw that had been done. She didn’t see that anything was stolen, just destroyed. Devyn came in with the boys in her arms, and told Mercedes she would stay with her and Nikola until she felt it was safe to return. Mercedes thanked the officers, and called her landlord. They waited as an employee from her office apartment came to record all the damage that had been done. The police discovered the lock on Mercedes door had been tampered with, so the employee put in to have the locks changed. Mercedes was grateful for the items of clothing she’d had with her while in Houston. It looked like whoever did this, destroyed all her clothing as well.

Devyn hugged Mercedes as they stood by her car. “We can stop by the clothing store and pick up some things on the way to my place.”

Mercedes just nodded before climbing into the passenger seat. She knew she was too shaky to drive at the moment. She would come back in the next day or two to pick up her car.

Mercedes was in a daze as they picked up clothing items for her at the store. The same questions kept popping into her head over and over. Had this been a random act? If not, who would have so much hate for her? Could it be one of her exes? She tried to think of all the people she’d dated over the last few years. None stuck out as ending particularly badly, but she knew, from growing up with her father, how some people presented the outside world one image, meanwhile they hid their true colors behind closed doors. Even as Mercedes thought of these questions, she knew this wasn’t a random act. Mercedes began to realize whoever was behind this, was likely behind the hang up calls she’d been having. The dread and anxiety in the pit of her stomach began to increase the more she thought about it. Mercedes began to feel something she’d rarely felt since moving out of her parents’ home. She began to feel real fear.





Chapter 5


Raul slid his dark Cartier sunglasses up the brim of his nose as he descended the plane. He had planned to remain in Brazil for a few more days, but the phone call he got the day before from Nikola caused him to change his flight. As soon as he heard the tension in his friend’s voice he knew something was wrong. Nikola did not get agitated easily, but learning that his wife and sons were with Mercedes when they found her apartment broken into and in disarray had Nikola on edge. For his part, Raul’s heart rate sped up at the knowledge that Mercedes was possibly in danger. Raul’s firm specialized in family security and he came across a number of stalking cases. When Nikola described the damage that had been done to Mercedes apartment his stomach dropped. If this was what he thought it was, Mercedes could be in real danger. The thought of Mercedes’ safety being jeopardized bothered him more than he cared to admit to anyone but himself. The first stop he planned to make after leaving the airport was to Mercedes’ apartment. He would be able to get a look at the damage for himself and assess the situation.

Raul entered Mercedes’ apartment with the key the woman at the front office had given him. The fact that he was able to flash his famously charming smile and make a little small talk to convince the woman to turn over a key to the apartment was not a good sign. He’d merely told her he was a friend picking up some clothing and the woman was all too happy to do his bidding. If Mercedes returned to her apartment, he would definitely need to speak with management. Entering the apartment, Raul was struck by the sheer destruction. Raul stepped over the scattered and torn books that laid all over the floor, looked over the cut up leather couches, and saw the smashed television that laid on the floor. His eyes narrowed as he paused in front of the spray painted curse on the wall. Walking into the bedroom he encountered more destruction. Even the mattress had been slashed. Raul stopped short as he stepped on something that crunched underneath his foot. Moving back, he saw numerous tiny beads and sequins scattered all over the floor by the closet. Inside the closet, he saw more shredded clothing, feathers thrown about and more rhinestones, beads and sequins tossed about. The closet was a particular mess with more vile curses spray painted on the inside. Raul knew Mercedes danced burlesque though he’d never seen her perform. From the closet, he could tell performing was something Mercedes was very proud of, and whoever had destroyed her apartment knew that. Whoever the person was, they wanted to cause Mercedes emotional pain, distress, and fear. Raul’s protective instincts kicked into high gear as he looked over Mercedes’ apartment one last time. He knew the person responsible for this destruction also meant Mercedes harm. He would not let that happen. From here on out, whoever this was would have to go through him to get to her, and even the most determined stalkers hadn’t gotten through him.

****

When Raul arrived at Nikola and Devyn’s, he was let in by the housekeeper who informed him Nikola had been waiting on him. He was escorted to the back patio where Nikola, Devyn, Mercedes and the boys were eating lunch. On the way over he’d called his top security expert to begin their investigation, which would begin with his employee asking questions of Mercedes’ neighbors and apartment office. But Raul needed to speak with Mercedes to begin compiling a list of suspects. He also knew she’d balk at the security plan he’d come up with, but she would just have to deal with it.

“Why in the fu--” Raul saw Devyn raise her eyebrow at Mercedes. “...heck would you involve him?” Mercedes asked, incredulously. Raul could tell he was the “him” she was referring to. Her back was to him so she hadn’t seen him enter. He purposely remained still to not alert her of his presence. Nikola saw Raul, but he sent Nikola a look that let him know not to give his presence away. Years at West Point and serving together, gave the men the ability to communicate with one another without exchanging a single word.

“Because someone obviously means you harm and Raul can help,” Devyn defended.

“How do we even know this wasn’t some random act? Whoever this was could have just seen I wasn’t there for a few days and wanted to cause damage for whatever reason.”

Raul thought briefly about the possibility that the break-in could be a random act of destruction, but then quickly dismissed that as an option as he thought back to being in the apartment. No, it was no random act. He knew with every fiber of his being that Mercedes was the intended target. And what Devyn said next only confirmed this for him.

“Mercedes, it’s doubtful this was some random act. You said last night you’ve been getting hang-up calls for weeks now. I still can’t believe you’re just now telling me, but that’s for another day’s discussion. Those calls and your apartment break-in are not just a coincidence.”

Raul watched as Devyn leveled a serious look at her friend. Her eyes were filled with concern and fear. He knew that look, and he agreed with her. Nikola hadn’t told him about the hang up calls the night before, but he knew they were not a coincidence either. Whoever was behind those calls, decided to elevate their level of intimidation and struck Mercedes’ apartment while she was away.

“OK, you’re probably right about that, but do you think it was necessary to have to get Raul involved? I’m sure we can let the police handle it. Isn’t he still in Brazil anyway?”

At that, Raul decided it was time to intervene in the conversation.

“The police are already involved,” Raul stated casually, as he sauntered out onto the patio. Both women looked surprised to see him. Although she quickly tried to cover it up, Raul didn’t miss the look of appreciation Mercedes gave as her gaze perused up and down his tall frame. He would have smiled if it were under different circumstances.

“And no, I’m no longer in Brazil.”

Devyn stood and walked to greet him “Raul.” He then greeted Nikola before placing kisses on each of his sleeping Godson’s heads. Mercedes eyed him suspiciously for a few moments, as he took a seat nearby.

“I hope you didn’t cut your trip short on my account.” She tried to come across as nonchalant, but he saw something deeper. A look of fear that told him that inside she was feeling the opposite of the casual image she tried to portray.

“I was coming back today anyway,” he lied. He saw the look Nikola gave him when he said it but ignored it.

“I just mean, this probably isn’t a big deal,” Mercedes said, quickly.

“Oh, really?” he questioned.

“Yes, I mean maybe both the hang up calls and break-in are related and maybe not. What if whoever this was just targeted a random apartment and it happened to be mine? Random acts of violence and destruction of property happen all the time. It sucks, but it happens.”

Raul leaned back in his chair and stared at Mercedes as she began tapping the table with her finger. It was a nervous tick, he’d seen many times before from clients. Often, it wasn’t people’s words, but the subconscious acts they didn’t even realize they were doing that gave them away. Mercedes’ tapping hand gave her away. She didn’t even believe the words she was saying, but she was struggling to make sense of being the target of an obviously off-balance individual.

“You’re right random acts of violence happen all the time. This could very well be the case for you...” he paused. Mercedes began to give a satisfied look that soon dropped with his next words.

“But it’s not,” he said, sternly. The look of relief that had begun to materialize in her eyes quickly faded.

“How--” Raul held his hand up.

“I know because I’ve worked more than fifty stalking cases. I know the different types of stalkers, their motives and their intent. The person targeting you is the most dangerous type of stalker.” He paused to let what he said sink in. His goal wasn’t to scare Mercedes, but he needed to make her understand the severity of the situation. This wasn’t some kid who was out to trash the first empty apartment they found.

“I have years of experience dealing with these types of stalkers, and I’ve been to your apartment. Whoever this is, is targeting you. They are angry as hell at you for whatever reason. My job is to figure out whoever it is before their behavior escalates.” Raul saw the awareness and fear rise in Mercedes’ eyes. His heart squeezed at seeing the usually confident and fearless woman in front of him come to grips with the fact she was the victim of a stalker.

“Rau-” Devyn went to speak, but Nikola’s hand on her arm interrupted her.

“I think we should let Raul and Mercedes speak in private,” he stated. Devyn eyed her husband, not wanting to leave her friend, but Nikola was adamant.

“Let’s put the boys in their cribs while Raul and Mercedes talk,” he said, as he rose, and moved to pull out Devyn’s chair. Devyn finally relented and moved around the table, placing a reassuring arm on Mercedes’ shoulder, before picking up Theodore and heading into the house with Nikola carrying Jacques. Raul turned his attention fully to Mercedes. She still looked as if she was processing what he’d just told her. The finger that had been tapping the hardwood table before was now still, but Raul could see that her leg was still bouncing…another telltale sign.

“Mercedes…” He trailed off as her gaze met his.

“No…” she said lifting her hand in the air. “How do you know? How can you be sure?” She was still trying to fight the obvious. It was a defense mechanism that Raul was familiar with. He stood and moved to the chair next to her.

“Look at me,” he demanded. As she turned her body to face him, he grasped both of her hands in his. He felt the slight tremor in her hands and cursed himself for being the one to have to deliver such news to her. Still, he had to make her understand the threat she faced. His heart squeezed again as she lifted her big brown eyes to his and he saw the fear there.

“Querida, I did not say any of that to scare you, but this is the reality of what we’re dealing with. In my business it’s always necessary to deal with what we know for sure, and hope for the best, instead of putting our head in the sand. Someone has been calling and hanging up on your line as a way to cause fear. Now that person has raised the stakes and destroyed your home and personal property. Whoever did this has some sort of vendetta against you. They targeted aspects of your life that obviously mean a lot to you. This is personal for them.”

Mercedes leaned back in her chair and looked out into the distance. He knew she was taking a moment to let everything sink in. Inhaling deeply, Mercedes closed her eyes for a few moments before opening them and turning her attention back to Raul. When she looked back at him, the fear that was there before, was replaced by anger. The trembling in her hands all but stopped.

“Who the hell is doing this?” she asked pointedly. The left side of Raul’s mouth kicked up into a half smile. This was his Mercedes. Her usual confidence and fire were returning.

Raul decided to ignore the fact that he’d just thought of Mercedes as “his.” Right now, they had work to do.

“That’s what we’re going to find out. I’ve already called my top security guy and he’s working on questioning your neighbors and I’ll contact him later to see if he can get the phone records to access a number for the hang-up calls. We need to compile a list of people you think may have something against you--exes, colleagues, other dancers--” He stopped talking when Mercedes turned to him sharply and snatched her hand away.

“You know about my dancing?” she asked almost defensively.

“Of course. Your Devyn’s best friend and she is married to my best friend. Although, I’ve never seen you perform.” I’d sure like to see you perform just for me.

He decided it was best to leave that last thought unsaid.

“Was it supposed to be a secret?” he asked curiously, wondering why she seemed upset by the fact he knew she was a burlesque dancer.

“No. No, it’s not. I just...didn’t know you knew. That’s all.”

Raul decided to change the subject. “Okay, we also need to plan out your schedule for the next few weeks or months, so you can have someone with you at all times.”

She lifted a perfectly arched eyebrow. “Do you think that’s necessary?”

Raul nodded. “Yes,” he said, without hesitation.

“It’s just...I mean, you said you’re the best and I’m not sure I ca--” Raul squeezed the hand he was still holding onto knowing what she was going to say.

“Don’t worry about that.”

“You say that, but this already seems to be a big use of your resources, and I’m sure you have high end clients who could afford triple what I can pay you.”

Raul stared at Mercedes. He knew she was right about being able to afford his usual rates. He meant what he said when he told her that he was the best, and the best did not come cheap. But he had no intention of charging Mercedes for anything. He’d handled security for pro bono clients before. His company did very well with wealthy clients, and he could afford to take on a lot more pro bono clients if he chose. However this was different. This was Mercedes, and as sure as he had breath in his body, he knew he would do anything to ensure her safety.

“You’re Devyn’s best friend and the Godmother of my Godsons. As far as I’m concerned, you’re family. We won’t discuss price or costs. Let me worry about that. Right now we have to worry about keeping you safe,” he said staring at her, to let her know he was serious about not discussing price. After a few heartbeats she nodded her head.

“Okay. So will this person be at my apartment? It may be a few days or even weeks before I can go back there…”

Raul sighed heavily as he stopped listening to what she was saying. He knew she was not going to like what he was about to say. “You’re not going back to your apartment.”

“What do you mean?” Mercedes asked, her brown eyes leveling a gaze at him.

“I mean, your apartment is not safe, so to ensure your safety, you’re going to stay with me, at my home.” When he saw Mercedes’ eyes narrow, Raul wanted to smile at the challenge he saw. This was a battle she would not win, however he enjoyed seeing her defiant side.

“Hell no! If you think you can use this as a shot to get me in your damn bed, then you have another thing coming!” she said incredulously, pushing back in her chair to stand. Raul stayed her with a hand on her thigh. Mercedes was wearing a pair of black high waist shorts, so his hand made contact with her skin. A jolt of electricity shot through him at the contact. Now that the fear was mostly gone from Mercedes, it seemed his body’s attraction to her returned in full force. Mercedes sat back in her chair as she looked at his hand on her thigh, and Raul left his hand right where it was.

“Mercedes, it’s obvious we both have an attraction for one another. You like me, but you’re scared to admit it,” he leaned in closer, “we both know I don’t have to come up with some elaborate ass excuse to get you into my bed,” he paused letting his words sink in. He squeezed her thigh with the hand that still rested on it.

“With that said, I have four bedrooms, a top rate security system and I live in a gated community. No one is breaking into my home. You’ll be safe there.” From your stalker, that is.

Mercedes huffed and crossed her arms over her breasts, “Well damn, aren’t you the charmer?” she asked mockingly unable to deny his claim.

Raul smiled and sat back in his chair, finally removing his hand. “You already know the answer to that, Querida.” His smile deepened at the sight of Mercedes biting her lower lip. He knew he was having an effect on her. Good.

“There’s nowhere else for you to go. Your apartment is a mess and unsafe, Devyn and Nikola are leaving in a week to spend the summer in Brazil and you’d be here all alone. And I’m not about to allow you to remain here alone.”

Mercedes turned her gaze to his eyes. “Did you just say ‘allow’ me? You’re not going to allow me…”

Here we go. Raul thought. He raised his hand to cut off her impending tirade.

“Poor choice of words. Look, it’s better for you to stay with me, so we can work together to find whoever is behind this, while keeping you safe. Don’t let your stubbornness get in the way of your safety,” he said seriously.

She knew as well as he did what he said was the truth. Nikola and Devyn were going to spend most of their summer at their home in Brazil. Though, Mercedes was scheduled to travel for different performances throughout the summer, when she was home in Atlanta she would be here alone.

Mercedes let out a breath as she ran a hand through her hair, which she’d styled in a twistout that she had pinned up in a high curly puff.

“You have four bedrooms?” Mercedes asked.

Raul could tell she was acquiescing. He nodded. “Yes, well three...aside from the master bedroom. You will have complete privacy. If you want it.” He let that final statement hang in the air and watched as Mercedes sighed.

For the next fifteen minutes Raul and Mercedes discussed their living arrangement and her travel schedule over the next few months. Mercedes had big performances in three major cities along with performances at the Black Kitty and smaller cities. This summer, like most of her others were busy. Raul decided that he would travel with her to her performances. He’d begin making the travel arrangements in the morning, since her New York performance was the following week. A little while later Devyn and Nikola returned and they spent another hour catching up and talking, before Raul got a call from one of his employees. Lorenzo informed Raul of his findings at Mercedes’ apartment. Raul wanted to wait until he was alone with Mercedes to update her. He also needed to talk to her to compile a list of names of who could be behind this. He’d have his team start talking to suspects on the list over the next few days.

Raul and Mercedes left later that afternoon. Instead of going directly to Raul’s home, they made a stop at a few costume and linen stores. Mercedes wanted to begin replacing some of the costumes she’d lost in the break-in. She told him that she made most of her costumes by hand, and she wanted spend the next week repairing the damage to her costumes or making new ones to perform in. They stopped by her apartment and Mercedes managed to collect a few items that managed to escape total destruction, including some of the beads and accessories to her costumes. It was at her apartment Raul had to tell her his team discovered her car tires had been slashed. Raul had already made the arrangements to have her car towed and the tires fixed. They waited for the tow company to show up and take Mercedes’ insurance information.

By the time they got back to Raul’s home, it was eight o’clock that evening. Raul looked at Mercedes’ slumped shoulders and knew she was beginning to feel the weight of the last few days. He took her bags up to one of the guest rooms and told her to settle down in his living room. He ordered some takeout and decided to make her a drink while they waited. He went out to his back patio and picked two limes from his potted lime trees and brought them to the kitchen. He quartered the limes and mashed them together with sugar and poured in the cachaca, making Brazil’s most famous drink. Pouring the drink over ice and adding lime slices to each glass he walked over to Mercedes who was seated on his L-shaped sectional sofa. Mercedes had the world news channel on, but he could tell she wasn’t really paying attention to the screen.

“Food is on its way,” he said to grab her attention.

He handed her the glass. “I figured you needed this.” Although he saw her raise a questioning eyebrow, he proceeded with lifting his hand with the other glass in cheers and took a sip of his own drink.

“Mmmmm,” Mercedes moaned, as she closed her eyes and sipped her drink. Raul felt his cock twitch at the sound and the look of satisfaction on her face.

“That’s delicious. What is it?” Mercedes asked opening her eyes, and looking directly at Raul. For a second their eyes locked and Raul felt like he’d been punched in the gut. He watched as she licked the remnants of the drink from her lips and he felt the temperature in the room increase at least ten degrees. He shook his head to get those thoughts out of his mind. He knew he shouldn’t be thinking of Mercedes this way. Not right now. Now, she needed his security expertise first, not his lusty thoughts.

“Uh...” he said, clearing his throat. “It’s called Caipirinha, Brazil’s most popular drink.” He took another sip of his drink, needing the ice-cold liquid to cool his libido down.

“Thank you. This is excellent,” she said taking another sip, and closing her eyes once again. She looked as if the drink was helping her relax. Just then Raul’s phone buzzed. It was the security gate letting him know the takeout had arrived.

Just in time. Raul thought as he went to retrieve the Chinese takeout he’d ordered. They ate mostly in silence. Finishing her meal, Mercedes turned to Raul.

“I uh...I just wanted to say thank you for all of this,” she said.

Raul saw the sincere look of appreciation in her eyes and couldn’t help the protective urge that came over him. He stood and moved around the table and placed a kiss on her forehead.

“Querida, you don’t have to thank me. You need help and I’m more than capable of helping. Just consider this a friend helping another friend. I’ll put the rest of the food away. You can head up; your room, it’s the second on the right. All your bags are in there, and it has its own fully stocked bathroom. Let me know if you need anything.” Raul saw the shocked expression on Mercedes’ face as he moved in, placing a kiss on her forehead.

Blinking away the expression, she gave him a smile, “Thank you.”

He peered at her through half closed eyelids as she ascended the stairs. He watched the sway of her hips and the way the fabric of her shorts gripped her behind. He blew out a breath.

It’s gonna be a cold shower for me tonight, he thought.





Chapter 6


Mercedes laid in bed restless. It was just after 6 in the morning, and even though she had nowhere she needed to be, she couldn’t sleep any longer. It’d been two days since Raul brought her to his home, and so far he was a perfect gentleman. Together they compiled a list of her recent exes, colleagues and anyone else she could think of who might be behind this. Truthfully, Mercedes didn’t think anyone she knew could be behind this, but Raul strongly believed this was probably someone she knew or had come in contact with somewhere. His security team began gathering information on everyone on the list and would soon begin contacting them for questioning. For her part, Mercedes busied herself repairing or recreating her burlesque costumes. She was bummed that most of her costumes had been destroyed, but she loved doing arts and crafts and the sewing and gluing and piecing together of her costumes. She’d developed an enjoyment for arts and crafts as a child when her mother created a children’s daycare at her father’s church. Mercedes would help out the children with their creations and designs. She carried this enjoyment with her in both her teaching and in her own apartment. She often made arts and crafts projects as assignments for her students, and much of her own furniture and decorations around her apartment, she either made by hand, or had refurbished. When she discovered burlesque, she found yet another way to indulge in her love for crafts by designing her own costumes.

Sighing, Mercedes sat up in bed, placing her feet on the floor. She thought about Raul. Just the thought of him brought a smile to her face. She was surprised when she entered his home two nights before. She was sure she would find the typical, usually sparsely decorated bachelor pad. That was not the case. Though, the home did scream “single male” with its darker colored furniture and huge flat screen television, it was still inviting. He had pictures of family members, including his two Godsons, Jacques and Theodore throughout the living room. Mercedes was pleasantly surprised too when she saw the guest room she was staying in was fully decorated equipped with a king size bed, chaise lounge, closet and dressers. There was also a bay view window that allowed her a complete view of his large backyard. As Raul stated, she had her own fully stocked bathroom so she didn’t have to worry about sharing or running into him while only dressed in a towel.

Not that I’d mind. Mercedes’ smile grew larger imagining running into Raul with only a towel wrapped around his waist. She could imagine his golden skin as water dripped down what she was sure, was a very defined six-pack of abs…

Mercedes blinked as she tried to clear her mind of those thoughts. She had to remind herself she wasn’t here for that. She was here because someone was stalking her. There was a very real threat against her and she couldn’t afford to get caught up fantasizing about Raul. At least not now. She stood and walked to the bathroom to brush her teeth, deciding to do a short workout before heading downstairs. She figured she would have enough time to work out and then make breakfast before Raul came down. She wanted to make him breakfast as a small token of her appreciation for his help. Mercedes finished brushing her teeth, pulled her hair up in a high bun and threw on a pair of black workout leggings and a hot pink t-shirt. Finding one of her favorite kickboxing routines on YouTube, she kicked, punched, and sweated for the next forty-five minutes. Feeling energized by her workout, she showered, put her hair in a goddess braid, and moisturized her skin before putting on a long, sleeveless sundress. Heading downstairs to the kitchen, Mercedes peeked down the hall at the door to Raul’s bedroom and found it was closed. She figured he was still sleeping. He’d told her he didn’t need to go into the office until later today.

Mercedes made her way into his kitchen and once again, found herself in love with the large space and Italian marble countertops. She loved to cook, and she’d learned in the last few days that Raul knew his way around the kitchen as well. His kitchen appliances could rival those of any top chef. Pulling out eggs, veggies, and fruit, Mercedes began to crack the eggs in a bowl to beat and threw the veggies into the pan with some coconut oil. Mercedes didn’t eat meat except for fish and seafood, and Raul made sure to stock his refrigerator with plenty of foods she could eat. She made two veggie omelets, cut up fruit making a fruit salad, and placed some whole grain bread in the toaster. As the bread toasted, she headed upstairs to see if Raul was awake. It was getting close to eight o’clock so she assumed he was up. She found the door to his bedroom was still closed, and after she rapped on it a few times, she heard nothing. Getting ready to turn and leave a movement out of the corner of her eye caught her attention. Further down the hall, a door was opened and she heard low music playing. Mercedes had assumed this room was another bedroom, but as she got closer, she realized it had been converted into a gym.

In the middle of the room, Mercedes saw Raul dressed in only a pair of dark grey workout shorts. His back was to her, as he kicked high and swooped down close to the floor. He crouched and spun twisting and contorting his body. At first glance, seeing his kicks, Mercedes thought he was doing some sort of kickboxing, but it was nothing she was familiar with. His moves were as light and graceful as a gazelle, but she could tell his kicks held the power of a sledgehammer. He swept one leg under the other, before leaping on his back and jumping back up in a crouched position. She knew it took years to develop that type of skill and dexterity. The music in the background sounded as if it was a mix of chanting in a language she didn’t understand and hand drums. Though she didn’t understand it, she felt the beat vibrate through her body. Raul’s movements seemed to be in time with the music, making it look like a dance at times instead of kickboxing. She was in awe. Mercedes continued to watch in silence for long minutes, forgetting about the reason she’d come to find Raul in the first place. When he turned she could see he was covered in a light sheen of sweat, as if he’d been at this for a long time. Possibly even before she went down to make breakfast. She watched as a bead of sweat glided down his moist chest, and down his rippled abs. Just as she’d imagined, not an ounce of fat could be found on his body. She unconsciously licked her lips. She was so preoccupied watching that one bead of sweat, she didn’t even realized he’d stopped moving and was staring directly at her.

Mercedes was pulled out of her reverie when he cleared his throat. Her eyes flew to his face, and she saw the knowing smile on his face. Her belly warmed at that mischievous smile. Mercedes decided to forego her embarrassment. Heck, the man already knew she was attracted to him. So what he caught her gawking?

“Good morning. I came up to see if you were awake. I prepared breakfast if you’re hungry.” She told him struggling to not let her eyes trail down the rest of his body. Raul moved to the side of the room, picking up a towel. He wiped his face and chest down before responding.

“Thank you. I’ll take a quick shower and be down in a little while.”

“Great.” Was all Mercedes said before she turned and headed back downstairs. She placed the eggs in the oven to keep them warm and grabbed plates and glasses to take out to the back patio. In his backyard, Raul had a large overhead deck, fully decorated with a large wicker couch and table. The area was surrounded with potted palm, lime and lemon trees. Mercedes saw it the first morning she’d been at Raul’s and fell in love with the area. Since then, they’d eaten breakfast on the patio, if he was there or she ate out there alone. She’d asked him how he had citrus trees in Atlanta, and he told her he had a professional gardener teach him to care for them, and once the temperature dipped below fifty degrees he brought the trees inside in a heated room on the first floor. There, they kept pretty well until early spring and he could place them back outside. Mercedes loved the ability to have fresh lime and lemons right at her fingertips. She’d already made a couple pitchers of fresh lemonade and asked Raul to teach her to make the drink he made for her on the first night she was there.

She went back to the kitchen to retrieve the fruit and toast, when she heard Raul’s footsteps coming down the stairs. He came over to help her carry the rest of their breakfast out, and went back in to grab the orange juice and start the coffeemaker. Mercedes wasn’t much of a coffee drinker, but after one taste of the special Brazilian blend he’d brought from home, she’d been converted. The rich and smooth coffee was unlike any other cup of coffee she had before.

“This looks great. Thanks for cooking,” Raul commented as they sat down to eat.

“No problem.” Mercedes wanted to ask him about what she saw him doing in the workout room earlier. She hadn’t wanted to intrude on his workout, but he had looked so fluid and graceful. His body was like poetry in motion. She couldn’t help but stare at him as he moved. They made small talk about the day’s plan for a little while, before Mercedes decided to ask him about it.

“What was that you were doing in the workout room?” she asked, as she popped a piece of cantaloupe in her mouth.

He sat back in his seat as a thoughtful look passed over his face. “It’s called Capoeira.”

She swallowed her fruit. “Capoeira,” she repeated. “It’s beautiful, but what is it? I mean, it looks like you were doing some type of martial art, but dancing at the same time.”

Raul nodded as he chewed and swallowed the bite of eggs he’d just forked into his mouth. He wiped his mouth before speaking. “It is.” He smiled at the confused look Mercedes gave him.

“It’s both, actually. It’s a martial art disguised as a dance.”

“Really?” Mercedes asked, intrigued.

“Yup.”

“How did you learn it?” she asked moving to the edge of her seat. He had her interest piqued. She’d never knew such as style of fighting existed, not that she was familiar with martial arts.

Raul looked just as excited to talk about it, as she was in learning. “It’s a Brazilian martial art. It was developed by enslaved Africans who were brought over by the Portuguese. Slaves were forbidden to practice their African martial arts, for obvious reasons. The enslavers didn’t want the slaves developing a resistance, but they did allow them to get together and practice dancing. It was seen as a way to keep their spirits up, which would increase productivity. What they didn’t know was that the Africans came up with an ingenious way to disguise their practice of martial arts...”

“They hid it in their dance,” Mercedes guessed. Raul smile and nodded.

“Wow,” she said in awe.

“How did you learn it?” she asked.

“It was through Capoeira that many slaves were able to escape their enslavers and formed groups known as Quilombos. The Quilombos fought against the Portuguese and escaped into the deeper rain forests beyond Portuguese control, creating communities of freed slaves. One of the most well-known of these communities is Palmares. My paternal grandmother is a descendant of the people of Palmares. For generations, our family passed down Capoeira from one generation to the next. My grandmother and father taught me when I was really young and I’ve been doing it ever since...”

Mercedes was amazed as she continued to listen to the story Raul shared with her. She’d known that Brazil had been involved in the slave trade, but she’d never heard of the resistance of the slaves, or of Capoeira. She was enraptured as Raul shared his family history with her and the bond he shared with this grandmother who taught him all about their family’s history. She could see the admiration he held for his grandmother, and the passion he had about the topic of his family history. She learned that Raul, like most Brazilians was a mix of Afro-Latino, Indigenous, and Portuguese. Mercedes wanted to ask Raul to teach her, but didn’t know if it was something that he was willing to share with someone who wasn’t family.

They continued to eat and talk for a while longer, before Raul checked the time. It was after nine-thirty. They’d spent an hour and a half talking about his family, dancing, and Capoeira. Mercedes had shared with him her love of dancing and how she got started in burlesque. She’d clammed up when he asked about her family, however. Her family didn’t know this side of her. She knew her parents, especially her father, would not like that she performed half naked in front of a live audience. She knew what her father would refer to her as. Her grip tightened on her cup as she thought about the ugly words her father would hurl at her if he found out about her burlesque dancing.

“Are you okay?” Raul looked at her with concern in his eyes. She realized her thoughts were displayed on her face. She pushed the thought of her parents away.

“Yes, I’m fine. Just thinking about the parts of my costume I have to complete before we leave this Thursday.” It was Tuesday, and they were scheduled to leave Thursday evening for New York, where she had performances on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights.

Raul’s gaze continued to linger on her as if he was trying to figure out if she was telling the truth. Whatever he saw must have convinced him to not push and he dropped the subject.

“It will be fine. I can help you if you need it,” he offered.

Mercedes laughed. “Oh yeah, you know how to sew or glue sequins on a corset?”

“Don’t underestimate my skills. I’m a man of many talents.” He winked at her. Mercedes felt the butterflies rise in her stomach as she stared into those brown pools he called eyes. Once again she thought this man was beautiful. She noticed the wrinkling of the outside of his eyes when he smiled. Her gaze moved down to his upturned, full lips. She bit the inside of her cheek to keep from licking her licking her lips.

“You’re a dangerous man, Raul Santiago,” she said, honestly.

He winked at her again before standing. “In more ways than one, Querida.”

“I should get going. Your car is actually scheduled to be done today, so I’ll be back early this evening to take you to pick it up,” he said as he bent down to pick up the plates.

“I’ll get those,” Mercedes said stopping him. “Thank you. I’m just going to be working on my costumes for most of the day anyway.”

“Oh, Nikola and Devyn invited us to dinner at their place before we leave for New York. I know you’re probably getting a little claustrophobic being stuck in here most of the day. We can go over there tonight.”

“I’d like that,” she smiled. Truth was, under ordinary circumstances being inside for nearly three days straight would make her want to climb the walls, but she felt comfortable in Raul’s home and he’d been good company. But she did want to say bye to Devyn before she and Nikola took off for the summer. Mercedes gathered their breakfast dishes and put them in the kitchen sink before walking Raul to the door. He’d taught her how to set the alarm, and once he left she would put in the security code. As she stood on the front stone steps of his house, and watched him fold himself into the driver’s seat of his white Jaguar, she felt something strange course through her. This felt...natural; almost like a wife waving off her husband as he went off to work and she stayed home and tended to the kids. Mercedes knew that thought was ridiculous. They weren’t married or anywhere close to it. They certainly didn’t have any kids. So why was she feeling so comfortable in his space? Why did her heart whisper that this felt right? Mercedes looked up when she heard Raul’s horn blow and he waved as he exited the driveway. She smiled and waved back, and reentered the house, pushing those unexpected thoughts aside. Mercedes had no intention of being anyone’s wife, or even girlfriend in the near future.





Chapter 7


Raul observed as Mercedes moved from the bed, to the chair back to the bed, and now was standing looking out the window. He felt a little guilty for having just scolded her about not checking the peephole before opening the door for him. He wanted to do something to calm her.

“Do you think this person followed me up here?” She asked still staring out of the window. They’d arrived in New York the night before and tonight was Mercedes’ first performance since her apartment was broken into. Raul felt an ache in his chest as he realized just how anxious Mercedes was about performing. His feet moved on their own accord. When he reached her at the window, he stroked her back, needing to touch her, to both reassure her and himself.

“We don’t know,” he replied to her question honestly, it’s possible. But nothing is going to happen to you. You’re not in this alone.”

She half smiled. “I know. I trust you. It’s just that knowing this person could be in the audience or hell, even one of the dancers is scary. I love dancing and performing. Usually I can’t wait to hit the stage, but today I feel like I want to do anything but get up there and perform,” she said stepping away and going to the bed to sit down. Raul’s heart constricted at seeing the anguish on her face. He grew angry knowing this is exactly what this person wanted. Whoever was behind this wanted Mercedes to feel intimidated and stop doing the things she enjoyed. This was part of stalking. It wasn’t just about the physical danger, but the mental and emotional toll it took on the victim. This is how stalkers get and maintain control of their victims.

Raul pulled up a chair to the side of Mercedes’ bed and clasped her hands in his. “Hey, it’s going to be okay. I know you’re scared, but you can’t give into fear. This is what they want. They want you to become a shell of yourself. You can’t give them that control.” He lifted her hands to his lips and kissed each one. He saw her eyes widen slightly, but she didn’t pull away.

“What’s something you do to calm yourself before a performance?” He asked.

Mercedes thought for a moment and shrugged. “Truth is, I don’t really get nervous anymore. I haven’t done anything to prepare me for the stage in a while. But when I first started there was this one thing I did…” she trailed off.

Raul lifted his eyebrow. “What was it?”

“All right, but if you laugh or try to mock me, I’ll kick your ass,” she said sternly.

He smiled. “I have no doubt you would try. I promise, querida, I won’t laugh. What was it?”

Thirty minutes later, the pair were sitting on Mercedes’ hotel bed eating and watching The Josephine Baker Story. Mercedes was enraptured with the film. Raul preferred to watch Mercedes rather than the movie. He saw every emotion play out on Mercedes’ face. One scene in particular seemed to touch her. It was the scene in which Baker, as played by Lynn Whitfield, completed her first nude photo shoot, and after sleeping with the photographer, she stares at her naked body in the mirror. Baker plays with her hair, pushing it back out of her face, and turns left and right examining herself. Baker’s voice over states “there she was.” This is when Baker first comes to terms with her exhibitionism on stage. This was the turning point in Josephine’s career. Raul looked on as Mercedes’ eyes lit up like Christmas trees as if she identified with Josephine’s story. He wondered if that was what dancing did for her. Did it give her the opportunity to express her true self? Never one to let his curiosity go unsatisfied, Raul decided to ask Mercedes about it after the movie ended.

“That scene seemed to really touch you,” he stated as the film credits rolled.

“Which scene?”

“The one with her looking in the mirror. Can you relate? Is that how you felt when you started dancing?” He asked.

Mercedes lifted an eyebrow as if she was deciding on how much she wanted to tell him. Raul was a patient man so he sat back on the bed and waited for her to decide. He wanted to know more about her. What made her tick? What drew her to dancing? He was good at reading people, and he realized that while she could be very forthcoming, and even blunt, she held something back. He wanted to break through whatever wall she had up that she used to keep most people at arm’s length.

Finally, Mercedes tipped her head, “Yeah, I can relate. When I discovered burlesque it just felt natural,” she shrugged. Raul looked at her, deciding to drop it for now. He knew she wouldn’t give up more information, but he knew there was more to the story.

Raul convinced Mercedes to take a walk around Central Park where they made small talk and enjoyed the scenery. Mercedes’ mood seemed to lighten up, which is what Raul wanted. He saw the tension release from her shoulders during the movie, and she was able to focus on the reason they were in New York. He didn’t lie when he said he was looking forward to her performance. For the past week, he’d watched her sew and redesign her costumes, and he wanted to see her in the outfits. By the care and consideration she took in designing, he knew she cared deeply about performing and being her best. He would not let this stalker get in the way of that. Unbeknownst to Mercedes, he’d had two of his employees come up to New York and check out the club, and sleep in the same hotel they were checked into. They would be his backup in the audience tonight in case he needed them. He wouldn’t let anything happen to her.

****

“This next performer is something of a treat….”

Mercedes stood on the edge of the stage, as she listened to the emcee make her introduction. She was dressed in a navy blue and purple peacock tutu skirt, four-inch thigh high black leather boots, a purple corset with peacock feathers on it, a navy blue choker, and her hair pinned up high with a few curls falling around her face. She opted for light makeup, with just purple lipstick, light concealer, and golden eyeshadow, completing the costume with black satin gloves that nearly reached her elbows. She looked on across the stage and saw Raul dressed in dark pants and a short sleeve button up, light colored shirt, with a suit jacket over the top. She knew beneath his jacket he had a weapon tucked into his waistband. Ordinarily no one but performers and employees were allowed behind stage, but given the safety concerns, management allowed Raul backstage-well they relented after Raul practically threatened the management with bodily harm and a lawsuit. The owner took one look at Raul’s dangerous expression and knew he would absolutely follow through on his threats. Mercedes smiled at the memory of Raul’s easy expression turning dangerous as he explained in detail how he would personally see the owner held responsible if something happened to Mercedes. At that moment, Raul turned and looked directly at Mercedes in the eye, and winked. She felt a quiver in her belly, and dipped her head. Mercedes wasn’t typically shy when it came to flirtation of showing her physical attraction, but Raul was different. Maybe because she knew if she weren’t careful, Raul could easily become more than just a physical attraction. She could get lost in those big brown eyes of his and never want to be found. Mercedes sighed.

Before Mercedes could get too lost in thought about her warring emotions about Raul, the emcee, Miss Celia, completed her announcement.

“Welcome to the stage, Black Daaahhhliaaaa!” The audience clapped and whistled.

The opening notes of Eartha Kitt’s Careless Love began playing as Mercedes strutted on stage. The live band in the club helped add energy to Mercedes’ performance. She shimmied from left to right, before stopping, biting the end of her left glove and slowly removing her hand and tossing it to the side. She repeated the move with the other hand, before turning and presenting the audience with her backside, where she lifted the end of her peacock skirt, giving them a view of her round behind. She spun and swiveled her hips while tapping her foot to the beat and reaching around to loosen the strings of her corset.

Love, oh love, oh careless love

In your clutches of desire

You've made me break a many true vow

Then you set my very soul on fire



Love, oh love, oh careless love

All my happiness bereft

You've filled my heart with weary old blues

Now I'm walkin', talkin' to myself

What few people knew was this song held special meaning for Mercedes. When she’d first heard it a few years ago, it spoke to her reluctance to fall in love or desire to marry. She’d seen the pain her mother endured because of love. She saw the way her father betrayed her mother and repeatedly cheated. She’d even seen other women and friends in her life cry over no good men. Her own best friend had fallen in love with a man who emotionally abused and cheated on her in the bed they shared. She’d held Devyn as she cried over her ex-boyfriend, and while Devyn was happy now, that situation was just another reminder for Mercedes that love was often painful. Mercedes vowed that would never be her. She never wanted to get that deep with anyone, at the expense of her own sanity.

Love, oh love, oh careless love

Night and day, I weep and moan

You brought the wrong man into this life of mine

For my sins, till judgment I'll atone

By the time Eartha Kitt ended her lamentations on the sins of loving the wrong man, Mercedes was left in her thong, boots, and navy blue pasties with tassels. She shimmied her shoulders making the tassels swing, and blowing a kiss to the audience. Before exiting the stage she glanced over and found Raul’s gaze transfixed on her. He was clapping proudly as he let his eyes roam her body. Mercedes felt the heat rise in her body at his perusal. She’d been doing burlesque for years, and was no stranger to men openly ogling her body. She usually enjoyed it, as long as they kept their hands to themselves. But Raul’s look had the ability to make her blush and feel like a schoolgirl having her first crush. Exiting the stage on the same side as Raul, she felt his heated gaze on her as she walked past.

“That was wonderful, querida,” he whispered in her ear, before they turned and made their way down the hallway.

“Thank you,” was all she said, as she followed him down the hall. She didn’t want to examine the pride she felt at his compliment. This was only her first performance of two for the night. She didn’t have time to wonder about how Raul made her feel. She needed to get backstage, change into her second costume of the night and prepare for her final performance.

Due to the safety concerns, Mercedes was given a private room to change in. She entered the small locker room, and found her discarded costume already waiting for her. She packed the costume into her bag and began removing her second costume from the locker. She had another half an hour before her next performance, so she was in no rush to change. She sat taking off the thigh high boots, and slid on a pair of fishnet stockings, followed by her long red skirt. She changed her pasties to a pair of heart shaped red ones with tassels, and put on a long sleeve, red halter top that buttoned up in back. Ordinarily, she’d have one of the other girls help her button it, but she was alone. Just as she was wondering how to secure the top, there was a knock on the door.

“Mercedes it’s me,” Raul announced through the door. Mercedes felt her nipples harden at the sound of his voice. She shook her head at her body’s response to his voice.

“Just a second!” she yelled through the door, as she slipped her foot into her second pair of four inch heels for the evening. Walking to the door, she opened it slightly just to make sure it was Raul. He’d already scolded her once about not being safe enough opening doors, she did not want a repeat of that. She was in too good a mood. Performing always gave her the release she needed and she was still on a high from her earlier performance and couldn’t wait to hit the stage for her next one. Her second performance was to the version of Candyman by the Mambo Kings. This was a more upbeat performance than the first and she intended to let her fun, sexy side show.

“Hi. Can you help me button this?” Mercedes asked, as she opened the door to let Raul in. She turned her back to show him the buttons, before she even let him respond.

“Uh, sure,” he said seemingly thrown off by her abruptness, but he quickly recovered.

“You were wonderful out there.” Mercedes felt his fingers lightly skim her back as he fastened the buttons. Her skin tingled at the feel of the skin to skin contact. When she felt his breath on the back of her neck, she had to bite her lip to keep from moaning. That was when Mercedes looked up and saw they were facing the full length mirror and Raul’s eyes were on her mouth. He dragged his eyes up to meet hers, and gave her a smirk, as if he knew what his closeness was doing to her. Mercedes cleared her throat.

“Thank you,” she said in response, to his compliment.

“You’re welcome. There you go. You’re all set,” he stated as he smoothed his arms down her shoulders. Mercedes took a step forward and turned to face him.

“Are you enjoying the show so far?” she asked moving to put on the rest of her costume accessories.

“Aside from the fact you’re kind of working?” she added.

“Yup, I’m enjoying myself immensely. Never had so much fun on a job before,” he said giving her another sexy smile.

A job? She wondered if that was how he thought of her, all the while avoiding eye contact with him. She shook her head to rid herself of that thought, then continued putting in her gold dangly earrings.

“Good. I’m glad. Is this your first burlesque show ever?” She asked.

“No, I’ve been to a couple before in Brazil and Vegas, but this one is special,” he said, giving her a heated look.

Mercedes smiled. “Cause you’re working?”

“No,” he replied honestly. Their eyes locked for a few moments. Mercedes was shocked at the desire Raul openly displayed. She knew his eyes were a mirror of her own, and she quickly turned her head.

“I’ll let you finish getting dressed. I just wanted to check on you,” he stated before turning and walking to the door. “I’ll be right outside the door if you need anything.”

Mercedes took a deep breath when the door closed with Raul on the opposite side. She knew something was happening between them, and wasn’t sure how she felt about it. Before she could think too long and hard about it, she checked the time and realized she now only had ten minutes before her next performance. She hurriedly changed her lipstick color to a shiny red and gave herself cat-eyes with black eyeliner before giving herself one last look in the mirror. She grabbed her black cane, she was using for her performance tonight and headed out the door. Raul greeted her with a smile.

“Ready?” he asked looking her up and down.

“Yup, it’s show time!” she said, excitedly, as Raul walked ahead of her, for safety purposes. Once they arrived at the side of the stage, they both looked on as another performer completed her performance. The emcee came up to tell the audience they were taking a five minutes break, and they would return with a very special performance. That was Mercedes’ cue to get in position.

“Good luck, Dahlia!” came a voice from behind. Mercedes and Raul turned to see a performer from earlier. Essence Almighty was her stage name. She and Mercedes had met numerous times throughout the years often performing in the same clubs.

“Thank you. You were great Essence,” Mercedes returned.

“Thanks babe,” Essence said, before turning her eyes on Raul. She eyed him up and down lustily.

“I don’t think we’ve met. They call me Essence, but you can call me whatever you want,” she flirted. Mercedes found herself annoyed at Essence’s open flirtation, which she knew was silly. Raul wasn’t hers. He was there helping her. Doing a job. Isn’t that what he’d called it-a job?

Raul smiled, but Mercedes found herself relieved when she noticed it didn’t reach his eyes. “Nice to meet you, Essence. I’m Raul.”

“Dahlia, where’d you meet this charmer?” Essence asked Mercedes, but kept her eyes on Raul.

“Wouldn’t you like to know,” she mumbled.

“I’m sorry?” Essence asked.

“Oh, you know just on the corner somewhere,” Mercedes retorted. She didn’t want to tell Essence that he was actually there for safety reasons. She hadn’t told anyone outside of management and the owner of her troubles and wanted to keep it that way. Besides, Raul advised her not to. He believed whoever her stalker was could be someone she met or knew through performing. The trio heard the emcee return to the stage and begin her introduction.

“It was good seeing you, Dahlia. Good luck. Nice meeting you Raul,” she said, winking at him before heading towards the changing room.

“Ladies and gentlemen put your hands together one more time for the incredible, the illustrious, the unbelievably sexy, Black Dahliaaaaa.”

Forgetting all about Essence, Mercedes strutted on stage, clapping her hands to the electric beat of the music. This was her upbeat performance of the night. The rhythm electrified her, and she circled her hips as she spun her back to the audience and shook her ass to the beat. She spun back around and high kicked, allowing the crowd to see her fishnet covered legs. The claps and shouts increased, further igniting Mercedes’ playful side. She raised one side of her skirt before dropping it, teasing the audience over and over again, before she reached around and unbuttoned the skirt and let it slide down her firm legs. Kicking the skirt to the side, she dropped down to the stage, spread eagle and lifted and ground her hips to the beat, earning more applause from the audience. She stood and swiveling her hips and reaching around to undo the buttons at the back of her crop top. Slowly, she unbuttoned them one by one, and teased the audience some more before side stepping across the stage, and ripping off the shirt, and tossing it to the side. She bent at the waist, rotating her backside, before whipping her head back and coming up slowly, revealing her pasty-clad breasts and shaking them for the crowd to end the routine. Mercedes blew a kiss to the crowd before taking a final bow and exiting the stage.

Mercedes exited the opposite side of the stage as Raul. She felt light as the adrenaline rush from her performance continued. She felt like she was floating as she walked down the hallway as she noticed out of the corner of her eye Raul walking behind her. She smiled as she entered her private changing room humming to herself and closed the door. Removing her boots and fishnet stockings, she put on a long, flowy grey skirt, removed her pasties and put on a black grey and white V-neck t-shirt. Just as she was finishing changing a knock on her door alerted her.

“It’s your costume,” Raul yelled through the door.

“Thank you,” Mercedes said as she pulled the door open, and retrieved her costume from him. Usually the stage kittens brought the costumes back, but because of the obvious safety concerns, Raul opted to collect the costume at the door, and hand it to Mercedes. She quickly packed and was ready to head out in a matter of minutes. She had another performance the following night, and it was after eleven. She was ready to get back to the hotel, bathe and get into bed.

“Ready to head out or did you want to watch the rest of the show?” Raul asked as she opened the door.

“I’m ready to go, unless you wanted to stay?”

“Nope, I’m good. Let’s go,” he said, putting his hand on the small of her back. They had taken a car to the club, and were taking one back to the hotel, which was only about a fifteen minute drive. Once they got to the hotel, Raul escorted Mercedes to her room, took her keycard to open the door. Sliding the key into the door, he told Mercedes to wait, while he checked the room as a precaution. Mercedes peeked in the room as he turned the lights on and carefully checked all the corners and even under the bed. She admired how his muscles bunched and tightened under his clothing. Still feeling the adrenaline from performing, she could feel herself growing hot with arousal as she licked her lips. At that precise moment, Raul turned to see her eyeing him seductively. He waved her in the room, letting her know it was safe. He walked to stand in front of her, with a casual smile.

“You were really great tonight,” he said in low voice.

“Did I live up to my reputation?” she asked playfully.

“You exceeded it,” he said as his hand reached up to sweep a curl behind her ear. His light touch sent chills through her body. She let her gaze roam over his face, until their eyes met. They stared at one another for a few heartbeats. Without a conscious thought, both moved in closer to one another at the same time. Next thing she knew, Mercedes felt Raul’s lips moving over hers. The feel of his lips on hers took Mercedes back to the first time they’d done this, in a different hotel. She felt his tongue on her lips, nudging her lips open. When she parted her lips on a sigh, Raul let his tongue explore her mouth. Mercedes let her eyes drift closed as she allowed him to plunder her mouth. His hand slid up her back to cup the back of her head. Mercedes let her hands slide around his waist as he pressed himself even closer into her body. She felt his hands move down her back to cup her ass, pulling her closer to his growing arousal. Mercedes moved her hands up to Raul’s head pulling him tighter against her lips, and pressing her breasts against his chest. Raul began moving her backwards towards the bed. Before she knew it, the back of her knees hit the bed. Raul continued to kiss a path down the column of Mercedes’ neck. She grabbed the front of his buttoned down shirt and pulled him down on top of her as she collapsed to the bed. His weight on top of her felt right. Raul placed kisses on the sides of Mercedes’ mouth, before moving down to her neck and the tops of her breasts. His progress was impeded by her thin t-shirt. Moving lower, he pushed the shirt up exposing soft, dark brown skin. He placed kisses down her stomach, stopping to dip his tongue in her belly button. Mercedes’ moans and the rise and fall of her chest let him know she enjoyed his touch. Raul needed more, and he could tell by Mercedes’ half-lidded gaze filled with desire that she did too. Raul moved down her body, pulling her long skirt as he went, exposing the black lacy thong she wore underneath.

“Fuck,” he swore under his breath. Seeing her on stage nearly nude was one thing, but having her this close, feeling her supple skin, and hearing the hitch of her breath as he placed his on the top of her panty-clad mound, drove his desire higher than ever.

“Eat me.” It wasn’t a question and Raul sure as hell wasn’t in the mood to turn down a free meal.

“With pleasure, Querida,” Raul happily obliged. Quickly dispersing of Mercedes’ skirt and thong, he dipped his head, first licking her pussy lips. At the first swipe of his tongue, Mercedes instinctively raised her hips, urging him on. The taste of her juices on his tongue had Raul moaning. She tasted of honey and a taste that was pure Mercedes. He wanted more. Raul lost all patience, and began swirling his tongue around her lips, moving up to her clit. When he wrapped his lips around her clit, Mercedes moaned loudly, moving her hips and pushing her pussy into his face.

“More, Raul.” At Mercedes’ urging, Raul began sucking in earnest. Mercedes hands moved up to cup her breasts. Pushing her bra and t-shirt out of the way, she pinched and plucked at her nipples. Her hips had a mind of their own as they jerked trying to get as close to Raul’s mouth as possible. When she felt Raul slide a finger into her wet core, she cried out in sweet agony.

“Ahhh, you feel so fucking good,” she panted, just as Raul inserted a second finger. She felt him curl his fingers inside her as his mouth sucked even harder on her clit. The contact with her g-spot and the pressure on her clit had her orgasm sending waves of pleasure through her body. Her hips moved on their own accord, and Raul continued to suck her through it all.

Mercedes released her breasts, dropping her arms by her sides as she let her breath return to normal. Raul crawled back up her body rested his weight on his elbows, staring down at Mercedes.

“You taste delectable,” he said, his voice thick with arousal. He pressed a kiss to her parted lips. Mercedes immediately opened her mouth wider, tasting herself on his lips. Licking his bottom lip she sucked it into her mouth, nibbling at it before letting go. Raul pulled back staring into her eyes. She saw a range of emotions behind those beautiful brown eyes of his. Lust, desire, hesitance. It was all there before he blinked and they were all gone.

“I want you to come somewhere with me tomorrow,” he said continuing to look down into her eyes.

Mercedes blinked, “What?”

“Tomorrow morning. I want to take you somewhere,” he explained.

Still struggling to catch her breath Mercedes remained silent for a minute.

“Where?”

He smiled that same mischievous smile that made her stomach flutter.

“It’s a surprise.”

She eyed him cautiously, wondering where he wanted to take her. And more importantly, why had he stopped. She could feel his thick erection against her thigh. She knew he was turned on. She also knew by the look in his eyes that he really wanted her to say yes to his request. In that moment, Mercedes wanted nothing more than to make Raul happy.

She nodded, “Sure, why not?”

Raul’s eyes lit up, as if wherever he was taking her had special meaning to him. “Great,” he said pressing another kiss to her lips, “Be ready by 9:30 tomorrow morning.” His excitement pleased Mercedes.

“Okay.”

Slowly, Raul raised himself up off the bed. He turned to take one last look at Mercedes, naked on the bed. Never shy about her nudity she reveled in the desire she saw burning in his eyes. She allowed her gaze to sweep down his body to the bulge in his pants and smiled.

“I’ll let you turn in. Just knock on the door if you need anything,” he said gesturing to the door that separated their two rooms.

“Don’t forget to put the chain on,” he reminded her as he pulled the door closed.

After a few minutes, Mercedes got up and put the chain on and locked the door. She sighed caught somewhere between wishing Raul hadn’t stopped them from fucking and being grateful he had. She now knew that Raul’s mouth wasn’t just useful for charming the pants off a woman, but just as efficient in making sure a woman was happy she took her pants off to begin with. She didn’t know where this was headed with Raul, but she knew if she wasn’t careful she would end up, in over her head.





Chapter 8


Raul woke up the following morning with a smile on his handsome face. He’d had a hell of a time getting to sleep last night. After leaving Mercedes’ room, he took a long, cold shower, rubbing one out while he was in there. When he came, the image of Mercedes’ face appeared. Her head was thrown back, her lips were slightly parted, and silently screaming as her orgasm washed over her, came to mind. It was an image he’d never forget as long as he lived. He hadn’t had any intentions of going that far with her last night, but watching her be so uninhibited on stage made his dick rock hard. He would never consider himself a jealous lover, but seeing her dancing nearly nude as men and women watched with rapt attention made him want to claim her for his own. He wanted to feel her and share something with her that no one in the audience would be able to share. But, he stopped before fully possessing her. He wanted to make sure the first time they had sex it wasn’t because she was hopped up on adrenaline from performing. He wanted to have her with a clear head.

The audience may have the ability to see her beautiful body on stage, but he wanted her more than the Black Dahlia. He wanted to get to know Mercedes, beyond the stage presence. Today he was taking her to a place he went to whenever he had time while visiting the city. After getting up, showering and dressing in a pair of loose fitting jeans and a dark Polo short-sleeve shirt he ordered breakfast for him and Mercedes. Next he knocked on the door that separated their room, checking to see if she was awake.

“Good morning,” Mercedes smiled as she opened the door. She was dressed in a pair of jean shorts and a white V-neck. Raul had a difficult time not allowing his eyes to trail down her smooth as silk skin and gawk at her cleavage.

“Good morning,” he greeted.

“I wasn’t sure what to wear. This okay?” she asked.

“It’s perfect. I ordered breakfast. It should be here in another fifteen minutes. Then we can eat and head out.”

“Breakfast? We can’t eat on the way to wherever we’re going? Which, you still haven’t told me exactly where that is, by the way,” Mercedes eyed him suspiciously, with her hand on her hip.

Raul found himself amused at the intimidating posture she tried to take, but didn’t let it show.

“It’s a surprise,” he said placing a quick kiss on her cheek, unable to resist touching her any longer, “Don’t worry, I’m not trying to kidnap you or anything, and I’ll have you back long before your performance tonight,” he said winking at her.

A knock at the door halted Mercedes’ response. “Come in. That’s probably breakfast. They’re early today. We’ll eat then go.”

After Raul checked room service attendant’s credentials and the food, he allowed him in the room to set up the table. The pair ate breakfast in Raul’s room, making small talk. Thirty minutes later the two were heading out of the door. Raul steered Mercedes to the subway.

“Where we’re going is only a few stops away.” Mercedes shrugged and didn’t move away when he encircled her waist with his arm and guided her down the subway steps.

“So you’re still not telling me where we’re going, huh?” She questioned again.

Raul smiled, “That would spoil the surprise, Querida. How did you sleep?” he asked steering the conversation away from where they were going.

Mercedes’ lips spread into a dreamy smile, remembering her blissful sleep and what transpired right before she fell asleep. I slept like a baby,” she purred, opting to leave out the part where she dreamt about the feel of his lips on her, hard muscles covered in gold colored skin, and the sexiest smile she’d ever seen on a man.

“Good,” he smiled down at her placing a kiss just beneath her ear. “This is us,” Raul said grabbing Mercedes hand, doing his best to ignore the small jolt of electricity that shot through him at the contact. He pulled her off the subway and up the subway stairs to keep her close to him in the crowd of exiting passengers. Though they were making a social visit, he never forgot for one second that he was with her because someone was stalking her. Mercedes’ safety was always in the forefront of his mind.

“It’s just a block up ahead,” he said, as they emerged from the subway underground. Mercedes strained to look ahead, trying to gain some sort of insight into where they were going. When they finally arrived Raul saw the left side of Mercedes’ luscious lips kick up into a half smile.

“Seriously?” she asked, excitedly. They stood under a large sign that read “Arte Capoeira” in bold black letters with images of the Brazilian flag around it.

“My cousin, Francisco grew up here in New York, and opened this studio about five years ago. I come whenever I’m in the city and have time,” he said answering Mercedes’ question. Usually, the studio was closed on Sundays, but Raul new Francisco routinely invited a few of his students and friends to the studio on Sunday mornings just to enjoy a light practice. Raul had been to more than a few of these sessions and wanted to bring Mercedes with him. Just as Raul went to press the buzzer to be let in, the door flew open.

“Primo! I thought that was you,” Francisco’s voice boomed as he pulled Raul into a bear hug.

“I didn’t know you were in the city,” Francisco said, as he let Raul go.

Raul stepped back, “It’s only for a short trip,” he pulled Mercedes to his side.

“Primo, this is a friend of mine. She’s interested in Capoeira, and I thought she could sit in on today’s session.”

Francisco’s hazel eyes widened as he noticed Mercedes standing at Raul’s side. “A friend, huh?” he asked grabbing Mercedes’ hand and pressing his lips to it for a kiss.

“Any friend of Raul’s is a friend of mine,” he winked at Mercedes as she smiled brightly.

“I see flirting runs in the family.” Both men laughed.

“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Francisco.”

Francisco gave Mercedes another seductive grin. “Oh, the pleasure's all mine, Minha linda,” At this, Raul felt his jealousy grow at the flirtatious tone of Francisco’s voice.

“Can we come in?” he asked a little more forceful than he intended. Francisco blinked as if remembering Raul’s presence.

“Come. Come in. The others will be here shortly,” he said waving them in and up the stairs to the large room where they would practice.

While the trio talked, Raul explained to Mercedes it was usually only five to ten people who showed up on Sundays to practice and hang out. Usually they all would go to lunch at a nearby Brazilian restaurant afterwards. They often practiced for a minimum of two hours or so, working up a good sweat and appetite. Raul told her, they didn’t have to stay the whole time if she didn’t want, or go for lunch, but she told him she didn’t mind. Raul could see the intrigue on her face, as she looked at the pictures on the wall and the hand drums that lay in the far corner of the room. About five minutes later more people began to stroll in, and Francisco handed Raul a pair of pants and a t-shirt for Mercedes to practice in. He had to ask Francisco to lock up the gun he carried with him in the back safe while they practiced. When Francisco eyed him questioningly, Raul told him he was on a job and his cousin dropped it. Francisco knew what Raul did for a living, and that sometimes it required the use of firearms. He took the pair of pants and t-shirt Francisco offered him, for Mercedes and turned to take the clothing to her.

He found her staring at one of his favorite pictures in the studio. “That’s a picture of my Mestre Araujo.” In the picture, a brown-skinned woman who appeared to be in her mid-to-late forties looked as if she was standing on one hand as her other hand protected her face, and her legs were in a split position above her head. It was a common Capoeira stance. Mestre Araujo was one of the great, female Capoeira instructors to rise out of the Brazilian favelas. She was also Raul and Francisco’s great-grandmother. The picture had been taken in the 1940s and preserved over time. Francisco had hung it up in his studio as a way to pay tribute to his ancestors that passed down the art of Capoeira through the family lineage.

Mercedes jumped. “You scared me,” she scolded him before taking the clothing Raul offered her.

“She’s beautiful. She looks so strong. Did you know her?” she asked.

Raul nodded. “She’s our great-grandmother. She passed when I was ten, but she’s the one who began teaching me Capoeira,” he said proudly.

“That’s amazing. I bet she’s proud of you and your cousin for continuing on her teachings.” Raul felt a twinge of satisfaction in his chest at Mercedes’ words.

“There’s a changing room in back. We’re starting in another five minutes or so. You don’t have to participate, but Francisco grabbed these just in case you wanted to try your hand at it later on.” Mercedes nodded and told him she’d change into the clothing in case she decided to.

Forty minutes later, Raul found himself fully immersed in a Capoeira class. He felt exhilarated as the rhythm of the hand drums played out, and he and Francisco were surrounded by the other students, who clapped in time with the drums. Raul felt his heartbeat speed up as he spun, kicked and jumped to avoid Francisco’s precise kicks. He ducked and pivoted to counter Francisco's moves. His cousin loved to show off in front of an audience, but Raul was no slouch and he kept up with everything Francisco threw at him, and countered a few moves of his own. No harsh contact was made in their show-off, as this was only a practice. Whenever Raul or Francisco left themselves exposed to an assault, the other let them know with a light kick or touch to let the other know “I could have gotten you there, if I wanted.” In turn, the students surrounding them would clap or usher “ohs” and “ahs” to let the two know they saw the opening as well. Out of the corner of his eye, Raul saw Mercedes dressed in the traditional white pants and t-shirt with the school’s logo on it. She clapped in time with the music like the others. On occasion, he saw a look of worry pass over her face when it looked like Francisco would make contact. He sent her a wink to let her know it was okay. He secretly enjoyed the fact she seemed worried about him. He wanted to tell her he’d been practicing Capoeira almost as long as he’d been walking. Even Francisco couldn’t knock Raul off his game. After that set ended, Raul and Francisco stepped out of the circle and let two other students take over where they left off.

“What do you think?” he asked Mercedes as he worked to catch his breath.

“I think that was fabulous,” she said close to his ear, so he could hear her over the crowd.

“You two look like you’ve been doing this since birth,” she joked.

“We have, pretty much. You want to give it a try?” he asked. When Mercedes looked like she wanted to say no, he grabbed her hand. “It’s okay, Querida. No one expects you to do any flips or spin on your head. We’ll start out with the basics.”

For the next hour, the class broke out into partners, where each member was able to practice their skills. Raul taught Mercedes the basic move known as the ginga. From the outside it appeared to be simple, when one arm was brought up to protect the face, while the opposite leg steps back. However, just about every move in the sport originated from the ginga and it can never be too perfect. Raul watched as Mercedes practiced moves and a number of kicks he taught her. She already had a decent base level of skill from her kickboxing practice and dancing. She seemed to be a natural, but he didn’t show her too much, not wanting to tire her out before her performance that night. At the end of class, he and Mercedes accompanied Francisco and the group to a local Brazilian eatery. The large group was easily accommodated as they were Sunday regulars to the restaurant. They ate and laughed, as Francisco regaled the group of his days traveling all over the country teaching capoeira seminars. Mercedes even let it slip that she was in town for a burlesque performance, and she ended up inviting the group to her performance that night.

Mercedes and Raul spent the rest of the day enjoying Time Square, and taking in the sights and sounds of the city. Shortly after six that evening, they headed back to the hotel to allow Mercedes time to get ready for her show, and get to the club by eight that night. As Raul watched Mercedes perform her first set he got the same feeling he had the night before. He watched Mercedes dance to Eartha Kitt’s Careless Love and wondered if the song had some underlying meaning for her. He could tell by the expression on her face that she felt the lyrics of the song. He wondered if she had been hurt by love. If some careless person from her past toyed with her heart and emotions, and that’s why she was reluctant to get involved in a serious relationship. Raul knew that for whatever reason, Mercedes had a fear of commitment. He could tell in the way she held back when he seemed to get too close. He could tell just by talking to some of her past partners. The previous week he spent a few days talking to a couple of Mercedes’ exes to see if they could possibly be behind whoever was stalking her. His team was still tracking down two of her most recent exes, but from what he was told by the others painted the picture of a woman who was into dating, but not for the long haul. He planned on asking her about her exes, but not until they were back in Atlanta. For now, he was content looking at this beautiful woman on stage as she spun, dipped, and gyrated her hips to the music.

****

“Okay, I’ll be back around 5 or 6. I have my cell phone on if you need anything,” Raul told Mercedes as he came down the stairs, to leave for work. They had just returned from New York on an early morning flight, so he could make it into the office before 10 a.m. Mercedes’ performance went well last night and she was ready to unpack, and do some redesigning on new costumes and even practice a new set. She was feeling good about the way the weekend went. She even thought that just maybe Raul was overreacting to the whole stalker situation. Mercedes wondered if the person who broke into her home wasn’t just trying to scare her a little, for whatever reason and now had moved on. The trip to New York went off without a hitch. Maybe she could move back home and resume her regular schedule. She felt herself getting a little too attached to being around Raul. She had begun to feel particularly comfortable in his home. And she knew that if they kept down this road, it could lead to developing serious feelings for this man. She knew with Raul it wouldn’t just be sex. She couldn’t let that happen. Not while she was living with the man. He seemed to read too deeply into her inner thoughts as is.

“Great, I’m sure I won’t need anything though,” Mercedes responded. She looked him up and down. He wore a pair of dark blue slacks and a light blue button up shirt, with a pair of freshly polished black Stefano Bemer shoes. Mercedes unconsciously bit her lower lip. It didn’t matter what he wore, Raul always looked like he just stepped off the runway. She bet he looked even better naked…

“I’m sure, but in the event you should need me, I’m just a phone call away,” Raul said, interrupting her fantasy. She looked in his eyes and saw the knowing glint in them. With a few steps he closed the gap between them and pulled her into his arms. Before she could even protest he swooped down and placed a lingering kiss goodbye on her lips. She absentmindedly tilted her head to grant him better access to her mouth. The kiss was brief, and before she could gain her bearings it ended. Raul placed another kiss on her forehead and turned to head out the door.

“Don’t forget to put in the alarm code once I leave,” he reminded her. Mercedes was brought back to reality as she heard the door close. She walked over to punch in the code, marveling at how his kiss had the ability to make time stop. She shivered a little just thinking of the feel of his lips on hers.

Yeah it’s definitely time to put some distance between us. She thought.

They hadn’t even had sex yet, and she was already losing track of time and reality when he kissed her. Besides, maybe the whole stalker thing was over with. She hadn’t received any new threats. No hang up calls to her knowledge, at least not on her cell phone. And in New York there hadn’t been a trace of any threats. She planned to talk to Raul about it later that night. She knew he probably wouldn’t like her going back to her apartment, but it was her life and she wanted to get back to what she knew. Maybe she could convince Raul to hire one of his men to check in on her at her own apartment. That way, she could have her distance and still be kept safe.

A she worked at designing her costumes, over the next few hours, Mercedes convinced herself more and more that going back home was the right thing to do. She thought about how she was going to break it to Raul that she was going back to her apartment. Just when she thought she had a plan in place, her phone rang. Looking at the number she found it odd that this person would be calling her.

“Hi Ron, how are you?” Mercedes asked, answering the phone. Ron Sherman was the principal at her school. Mercedes, along with two other assistant principals, worked closely with Ron to ensure the success of their school. It was their summer break, and though they all worked well together, most of the administrators at the school didn’t talk to one another over the summer until a few weeks before the fall semester started. Most of the staff made plans to go away with family or just take time off to decompress from the busy school year. The fact that Ron was calling Mercedes in the middle of July sent alarm bells off in her head.

“Hi Mercedes. I’m sorry to interrupt your day, but I was wondering if you were in town and had time to meet me at the school today?”

Mercedes could hear in his voice that whatever this issue was, it was serious. She wondered if someone on their staff or one of their students had been hurt. A few years ago a student of theirs was killed in a car accident over the summer break, and Mercedes received a similar phone call.

“Sure Ron. Is everything okay?” she asked feeling her anxiety grow.

“Uh well, everything is fine. We just need to talk to you.”

“We?” Hearing it was more than just Ron who wanted to speak with her caused the hairs on the back of Mercedes’ neck to stand up.

“Yes, myself and Superintendent Walters.” Mercedes was now standing. If the superintendent of schools was going to be there, it must be something serious.

“O-okay. When did you want to meet?” she asked trying to keep her voice calm.

“We were hoping today. As soon as possible,” Ron responded.

“I can be there in thirty minutes,” Mercedes answered.

“Great, we will see you in thirty minutes,” Ron said, before hanging up the phone.

Mercedes didn’t like the sound of this. She wondered if she was being terminated, and if so, for what reason. She had an impeccable record as both a teacher and as an assistant principal. Mercedes had to admit that the job could be demanding. In fact, she’d had a couple of run-ins with new teachers, but nothing too serious. Besides, she never let differences get in the way of doing her job. Mercedes went upstairs to change into a plum colored business skirt and matching blazer. She was not sure what this meeting was about, but did not want to show up looking unprofessional. She thought about calling Raul or leaving a message with his assistant, but decided against it. She assumed she’d be back long before Raul got off. He didn’t have to know she ever left.

Once Mercedes arrived at the school, she was greeted by Ron’s assistant, Marcy. Marcy welcomed Mercedes and told her Ron was still meeting with the superintendent, and that he’d be with her shortly. As she waited, Mercedes’ nervousness grew. By now, she figured this wasn’t something about one of their students or staff, but about her. She went over and over in her head any possible complaints of misconduct or disagreements she had with parents or staff. She remembered none. There were a few minor disagreements of teaching style she had with members of the teaching staff, but nothing of major importance. After about ten minutes of waiting, Ron’s door opened and he came out to meet Mercedes. Ron was about five-eleven and his almond colored skin looked a little darker than the last time she’d saw him. She figured his tan was a result of his recent vacation to the Bahamas with his wife and children.

“Mercedes, thank you for coming down on such a short notice,” he greeted her with a smile that didn’t quite meet his eyes. Mercedes wanted to ask if she really had a choice, but held her tongue.

“Hi Ron, it’s no problem. Can you tell me what this is about?” she asked not wanting to beat around the bush with small talk.

Ron nodded. “Why don’t we step into my office? Superintendent Walters is here as well,” Ron said, gesturing for Mercedes to proceed to his office. As she entered the room, she saw the superintendent sitting at the wooden round table, in the corner of Ron’s office. Mercedes moved to the table and greeted Superintendent Walters with a handshake. Mrs. Walters was about five inches shorter than Mercedes, but her professional attitude and demeanor gave her a commanding presence. Mrs. Walters spent two decades teaching and then working her way up on the administration side of the Atlanta Public School system before taking over the role of superintendent of this charter school system. She was responsible for the oversight of five major charter schools in Atlanta. Mercedes looked at the woman’s peach colored skin, greying hair that actually served to give her a presence of regality. Superintendent Walters was a tough leader, but she had always been fair and commanded the best of her staff and her students. Mercedes could tell by the look on Walters’ face, this meeting was not a friendly call.

“Please, have a seat, Ms. Holmes,” Walters requested as she sat in her own seat. Ron followed, pulling out a chair for himself. It wasn’t until she sat down, that Mercedes noticed an opened laptop in the middle of the table, and an envelope sitting on the table next to it.

Superintendent Walters started. “Ms. Holmes, some disturbing bit of information has come to our attention.”

Mercedes raised an eyebrow, but remained silent.

“A couple of days ago, Mr. Sherman and I received separate packages in the mail. They were DVDs of some recorded, uh, performances of yours.” She had said the word ‘performances’, with a hint of admonishment.

“I’m sorry, you said you received videotaped performances of me? What were these performances?” Mercedes believed Walters was talking about her burlesque performances, but did not want to assume. She remembered back to when Devyn had been blackmailed by her ex after he secretly recorded them having sex. She didn’t want to believe someone was doing the same thing to her.

“They looked like they were taking place at some club, in front of an audience,” Walters stated. Mercedes almost sighed in relief. She was relieved to find out that this wasn’t some sort of sex tape, but then the realization that one of her burlesque performances had been mailed to her bosses left her stunned.

“Like I was saying, Mr. Sherman and I received these DVDs on the same day. At first, we did not think much of it. We realize our staff has a life outside of this building, and you weren’t doing anything illegal. However…” Superintendent Walters paused and looked at Ron. Mercedes felt her heart sink as she looked between Ron and Walters.

She knew she was not going to like what Walters said next.

“…the following day,” he continued. “We began getting calls and emails from some of our students’ parents. It seems whoever sent this DVD to us, also sent it to a number of parents. Many of them were understandably upset.” Mercedes nearly slumped back in her chair. She felt like she’d just gotten the wind knocked out of her. Did someone really send the parents of her students a video of her burlesque performances? Mercedes made it a point not to get too personal with the members of her staff. She never told anyone at her school she danced burlesque. Superintendent Walters was right, what each staff member did in their private life, was just that, private. Mercedes was not ashamed of her performing, and never would be. However, she recognized that not everyone was as progressive as she was, and that some people saw burlesque as a form of whoring oneself, for lack of a better term. Mercedes was all too familiar with the strict rigidity of the super religious and conservative crowd, having been raised in it.

“Is that the DVD?” Mercedes asked motioning toward the DVD case that sat next to the laptop.

“Yes, it is,” Walters said, nodding her head.

“Can I see it?” Mercedes saw Ron look questioningly at Walters, before she nodded her head in agreement. Ron slid the laptop closer to him and placed the DVD to play it. Within seconds, Mercedes saw herself on stage at the Black Kitty dancing to Nina Simone’s Feeling Good as she danced and stripped down to her revealing thong and pasties. Out of the corner of her eye, Mercedes saw Ron avert his eyes from the screen and clear his throat before turning off the DVD.

“This note was also attached to the copy that was sent to the parents,” Ron said sliding over a folded white piece of paper.

The note read: Is this who you want teaching your children?

Mercedes closed her eyes as all of this sank in. Whoever was stalking her definitely had not given up. They were now targeting her career. Mercedes felt the need to defend herself.

“This is ridiculous. Whoever sent these letters is violating my privacy,” she said trying to keep her voice even.

“Well technically, Ms. Holmes you’re performing for the public so no privacy violation was committed,” Walters reminded Mercedes.

“Yes, but the sending of these videos to the parents? That has to be some kind of violation of privacy. As you stated Superintendent Walters, what staff does in our private time should not be called into question as long as it is not illegal. I have never done anything against the law, and I certainly never brought anything to do with my performing into my professional career,” Mercedes was barely keeping her rising anger in check.

“Ms. Holmes, that is our school’s policy, but now that this has been brought to the attention of the parents of our school, we have to look further into this. A number of parents are upset about what they saw. And...” Walters held up her hand to stop Mercedes who opened her mouth to defend herself, “...and I agree with you, nothing on this tape is illegal, but there is a matter of ethics. Some parents are questioning if someone who strips on the side can be a good role model for their children.” Walters’ last comment made Mercedes see red.

“Burlesque is not stripping, and though I personally do not believe there is anything wrong with strippers or stripping, I must inform you that burlesque has a long history of performance in this country and many others. It is a legitimate art form.” Mercedes was pissed. She was angered that whoever was stalking her would target her career like this, and she was angered at the way Walters was looking down her nose at burlesque performers.

“Ms. Holmes, I understand you’re upset, but you must understand our position. Parents are contacting us asking if we are teaching their children to strip in class. I know that sounds preposterous to you, but until we do a full investigation and make sure no codes of conduct were violated, we’re going to place you on administrative leave.” Mercedes was confused. Administrative leave? They were in the middle of summer. There weren’t any classes going on. What exactly would this administrative leave entail?

“So, what does this mean?” she asked looking Superintendent Walters directly in the eye.

“Mercedes,” Ron interjected, “We’ll have to review with our legal team to make sure your performing does not violate the ethical clause in your contract, and then we will meet with the board of directors to see what they want to do. We are also meeting with the parents who’ve shown concern over the DVD,” he finished.

“How long will that take?” Mercedes asked, looking between the both of them.

Superintendent Walters spoke up this time, “Well some members of the board are on vacation and I am going away next week for two weeks--”

“So this could take all the way up to the fall semester, possibly longer?” Mercedes asked, cutting Walters off.

Ron quickly interjected, “We will try to get this over and done with as soon as possible. Mercedes you know you are one of our most prized employees.” Mercedes looked at Ron. He appeared sincere, but she knew this was over his head.

“Could I lose my job over this?” Mercedes asked Superintendent Walters.

Walters avoided eye contact and Mercedes had her answer. “We are hoping it does not come to that,” she responded.

Mercedes sat through the rest of the meeting in a daze. She was livid, but felt powerless because she had no idea who could be behind this. It’d been two weeks and they were still no closer to finding out who could be stalking her. Mercedes felt as if she were having some sort of out of body experience as she watched Superintendent Walters’ lips move, and sound come out, but the words weren’t registering. Mercedes was too busy trying to piece together when this stalker had time to record her and send the DVDs out. There was no timestamp on the tape, but Mercedes remembered she last performed that set back in May. From the angle of the tape, it looked as if the person was standing somewhere in the back audience. That narrowed the list down to hundreds of people. Anyone could buy a ticket to a performance and have a seat in the audience. While cameras and filming weren’t allowed in the Black Kitty, it wouldn’t be too difficult to sneak a camera in and film a performance. Mercedes tried to focus on what Superintendent Walters and Ron were saying, but her brain was too clogged with the different possibilities. Whoever this was had access to her in a place she had come to feel the safest. The Black Kitty had become a sanctuary to her, of sorts, and now she felt violated. First her home and now this. When the meeting finally ended, Ron promised he would keep in touch and update Mercedes on everything that was going on. Mercedes mumbled a response to Ron, shook hands with the superintendent and hurried to her car.

Once in her car, Mercedes didn’t know what to do. She wanted to call Devyn and vent to her but Devyn was in South America with her husband and children. She didn’t want to interrupt her vacation. Mercedes thought about going back to Raul’s place, but did not want to be alone. She felt open and exposed and vulnerable, which was a feeling she worked hard never to feel. Part of the reason she’d started burlesque so long ago was to overcome her fear of being exposed or vulnerable, by facing what most people deemed their greatest fear—being naked in front of an audience. Mercedes believed that if she could let go of that fear, she wouldn’t feel so weak when it came to emotions and relationships. But now, here she was feeling vulnerable and, admittedly a little fearful. Whoever this was knew her movements, when she was out of town, and when she performed. Mercedes couldn’t believe that just this morning she was starting to think this nightmare was over and that whoever this was had forgotten about her. It seems she was not that lucky. Mercedes contemplated what to do. Devyn was away, Raul was working, and most of her other friends were either out of town or at work. It was the middle of the day and she didn’t know where to go. The decision was made for her when her phone began ringing.

“Mercedes, where are you?” Raul’s voice boomed through her car speakers. She’d programmed her phone to ring and be answered through the car speakers to allow for hands free conversation while driving. She heard an odd note she’d never heard in Raul’s voice before. He almost seemed worried? Or maybe afraid?

“I, uh, I’m in my car right now,” she responded feeling a little apprehensive to tell him she’d left the house without informing him.

“In your car where?” Raul asked immediately, not missing a beat.

Mercedes sighed. She knew he was not going to like her response. “I had a meeting with my school principal and superintendent,” she stopped just short of telling him what the meeting was about.

“School's out for the summer. What was your meeting about?” Mercedes found herself perturbed that he would question her about her whereabouts, she was a grown woman, not some invalid who needed to be taken care of twenty-four seven. She was already angry after what happened in the meeting she’d just been in, and now Raul’s tone was making her feel even more irritated.

“So what, I can’t even go to my job without having to check-in with you? Is that what you’re saying?” As soon as the words left her mouth, she felt a pang of guilt. Raul had unselfishly opened up his home to her to keep her safe, and now she was acting like an adolescent who couldn’t get her way.

“That’s exactly what the hell I’m saying. Or have you forgotten there is someone out there who means you real harm?” Mercedes was taken aback by the commanding tone she heard in Raul’s voice. Apparently she wasn’t the only one who was angry.

“I haven’t forgotten. I couldn’t even if I wanted to,” she said dejectedly.

“What happened?” he asked as if he knew the reason she’d been summoned to her school had something to do with her stalker. Maybe he could hear it in her voice. He had a way of reading her that unnerved and comforted her at the same time.

She sighed, “My principal, superintendent and some parents were sent a video of one of my performances. I was placed on administrative leave,” as the words fell from her lips, Mercedes felt her anger begin to rise again.

“Come to my office. Now,” he requested.

There it was again--the serious, take-no-prisoners, Raul Santiago. This was the side of Raul she knew had been forged at West Point and in the military. The side that made him so good at his job as a security specialist. It was also, unfortunately, a side that endeared him to her a little more.

“I’m about twenty minutes away from your office,” Mercedes told him.

“I know. I will see you in twenty minutes,” Raul responded, before hanging up. Mercedes sat stunned, for the second time that day. He knew? How could he possibly know how far she was from his office? He knew where her school was, but she didn’t actually say she was still in the school’s parking lot. After a few minutes to compose her thoughts, Mercedes went to program Raul’s office address into her GPS and saw it was already set. She tried to recall if she’d put his address in, but remembered that Raul had driven her car when they picked it up from the dealer after her tires were fixed. She assumed he input his office address in her GPS and possibly a tracker, and that was how he knew where she was. A little part of her felt safer just knowing he was keeping track of her, but she would definitely ask him about it. Twenty-five minutes later, Mercedes was pulling up into the parking lot of the building that housed Raul’s offices. He was already outside waiting for her. She pulled into the closest parking space, and before she could even finish turning the ignition off, he was opening her car door.

“Are you all right?” he asked staring intently into her eyes, trying to discern her mood. He gripped both of her arms.

Mercedes nodded, “Yes, I’m fine.”

Raul stared at her for another heartbeat, as if he thought she wasn’t being completely forthcoming. “Come with me,” he said as he closed her car door. He placed his hand at the small of her back and quickly strode to the elevators that would take them to his office.

Once they made it to his office, Raul pulled Mercedes down the hall, past his assistant’s desk. Mercedes was barely given time to say a quick hello to the older woman, before she found herself in what she presumed was Raul’s office. His large corner office was decorated in dark earthy colors, with a few plants placed around the room, which gave it an inviting feel. There was a large cherry wood desk in the center of the room, and a dark leather couch off to the side, at the back of the office. Mercedes heard a click as the office door closed. For some reason this small sound, instead of a loud slam caused Mercedes even more worry. She knew Raul was angry at her for leaving and not telling him.

“Tell me what happened,” he said gruffly, once she was seated.

“Well, hello to you to,” she said, defiantly. He wasn’t the only one who could be angry. Hell, she was the one who had just been placed on administrative leave.

Raul leaned against this desk, and crossed his legs at the ankles in front of him, as he waited for Mercedes to explain.

“Tell me what happened,” he ordered again.

She felt like a child being scolded, which she hated. To place them on equal footing, she stood and took a few steps back to give herself some breathing room. The intensity of his gaze on her made her feel the need to put some distance between them.

“I got a call from the principal of my school, Ron Sherman, a couple hours after you left,” she finally began, “he said he needed to see me as soon as possible. He didn’t tell me what for. When I got there the superintendent of schools was there,” Mercedes paused to catch her breath. She looked at Raul and saw she held his full attention. The way he was looking at her rattled her for many reasons.

“They sat me down and told me that they’d been sent a video of me. It was a video of one of my performances at the Black Kitty.” She saw Raul’s gaze grow even more intense.

“The video had also been sent to parents at the school. Some complained and now they’re doing an investigation of me to see if my performing violated any code of ethics. I’m on administrative leave until further notice,” she stopped taking in a deep breath before looking over at him.

“Mierda!” she heard him say as he slammed his palm onto his desk. Drawing himself up to his full height, Raul approached Mercedes.

“And you weren’t going to say anything about this to me?”

Mercedes could see he was pissed. “It just happened right before you called. I was going to tell you,” she defended.

“You were going to tell me? And when was that? Next week? Next month? Let’s get something straight, I am the first phone call you make when shit like this happens. I am the one you call first-no scratch that, I’m who you call before you leave the house. I’m not playing games. This isn’t a joke. Someone is out there and they mean to do you real harm.”

“Do you have a copy of the video?” he asked, his tone sharp. Mercedes could do nothing but nod in response to his question.

Raul stuck out his hand, “Let me have it. I can have it analyzed to help us figure out whoever is behind this.” Mercedes pulled the DVD from out of her purse and handed it to him. Ron had given her a copy of the DVD that was sent to him.

“Was this all that was sent?” he asked.

“No, there was also a note,” she said pulling out the note that had been sent with the video.

Raul examined the note, and Mercedes could see his nostrils slightly flare. He was angry.

“Who else has touched this?

“I’m not sure. Me, Ron, my superintendent. Aside from that I don’t know. Why?” she asked quietly, still reeling from being chastised by him.

“I want to have it dusted for fingerprints. It’s unlikely, but whoever sent it may have slipped up and touched it with their bare hands.” Raul knew that was a long shot. Whoever was behind this was methodical enough to record Mercedes undetected, get personal information of her employers and parents at her school. They were surely intelligent enough to wear gloves when handling the letter or DVD. Still, it wouldn’t hurt to dust for fingerprints.

“Since, you work with children, yours, your principal’s and superintendent's fingerprints are already in the FBI’s database. So, we can weed yours out from there, and if we find anyone else’s maybe we can match them in our system. It’s a longshot though.”

Mercedes nodded. She understood that whoever was doing this, probably was cautious enough not to leave fingerprints behind. She sighed in frustration. At hearing her sigh, Raul’s gaze on her softened. He had been pissed hearing she went out and didn’t even think of calling him. He was slowly realizing this part of his anger was due to fear. He was afraid of something happening to her. She was beginning to mean a lot to him in such a short period of time. Raul called in Lorenzo, to take both the DVD and letter for fingerprint analysis. He then turned the chair Mercedes had been sitting in and gestured for her to sit down.

“Now, let’s talk about you leaving the house without my knowledge.”

Mercedes’ eyebrow shot up at the recrimination she heard in his voice. “I already told you I thought I was just going for a short meeting. I didn’t think whoever was stalking me was behind this. I-”

“No, you didn’t think, because for some reason you thought this person just up and decided to leave you alone. The same reason you were thinking it was safe to go back to your apartment and get back to your normal routine, right?” Mercedes looked shock at the accuracy of his words. She had been thinking of a way to tell him just that before she got the phone call from Ron.

How did he know what she was thinking?

“Don’t look so shocked. I could tell this morning, on the plane, what you were thinking. You were distancing yourself from me.”

Mercedes couldn’t deny his words. She had been more quiet and contemplative on their plane ride back to Atlanta. She could admit to herself that it wasn’t only about thinking the stalker had left her alone, but her growing closeness with Raul. The past weekend in New York, and the week before she spent living in his home, showed him to be much more than the hot Brazilian playboy she pegged him for. Not only was he a badass security expert with a ripped body, but he was kind and compassionate, and she sometimes felt he could look right down into her soul. That unsettled her almost as much as the knowledge of someone was out there trying to sabotage her life.

But instead of revealing any of this to Raul, Mercedes clammed up. Again, she folded her arms across her chest in a move meant to be defensive. Raul recognized the stance for what it was. She was guarding her emotions. He refused to let her off the hook that easily. He took a few steps closer until they were now face to face.

“You were running because you’re feeling the same thing I’m feeling. You’re feelings for me are growing stronger and it makes you uncomfortable. You think putting distance between us will help you erase those feelings, but that’s not going to happen for two reasons. Do you know what those reasons are?” he asked looking her directly in the eye and raising an eyebrow.

Mercedes was overwhelmed by his closeness and the challenge she saw in his eyes. She opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out. Clamping her mouth shut she merely shook her head in response to his question.

He waved his hand back and forth between them. “For one, this has been there all along. Since the first time we met. It’s not going away. And two, I won’t let anyone, not even you, compromise your safety. There is someone out there who is intent on harming you. I’m not about to let that happen, so get this silly notion of you moving out of my place and back to your apartment out of your head.” By the time Raul finished speaking Mercedes felt herself both turned on and a little frightened. Turned on to have this potently sexy man telling her like it is about this chemistry between them. And afraid at, once again, realizing he was right. Whoever this is behind her stalking wasn’t going away quietly. She dropped her arms to her side, no longer defensive. Maybe she could give in to whatever this was between them. It didn’t mean she would fall in love, right? Giving into the chemistry between her and Raul didn’t mean she had to lose herself, right? She’d been in plenty of relationships before. She may have even loved a few ex-partners-not been in love, mind you, but loved them as people. She could handle whatever this was with Raul. Mercedes lifted her gaze to meet Raul’s.

“Okay,” she said, nodding her head. ” You’re right, I’m not going anywhere.”

Before the words were fully out of her mouth, Raul pulled her in for a scorching kiss. When his tongue slid across the seam of her lips, urging them apart, Mercedes complied. She moaned as his tongue snaked around hers, tasting every inch of her mouth. Mercedes’ hands moved up Raul’s strong chest and wrapped around his neck, pulling him in even deeper. She was lost in the feel of his lips moving over hers and his hands as they reached around to grip her behind. She felt his growing length pressed against her stomach and moaned again as the wetness between her legs grew. She couldn’t even remember why she had been tempted to run from him in the first place. His kiss had the power to make her temporarily forget her fear of commitment and love. All that mattered right now, was this feeling. Unfortunately, their intimate moment was cut short by a knock on the door.

Raul was the first to pull away from the embrace. Mercedes saw the passion in his eyes and knew exactly where his thoughts were going. He placed a quick peck on her cheek.

“This isn’t over,” he said just above a whisper.

“I’m counting on it,” she saucily challenged. This got Raul’s attention, and the embers of passion in his eyes grew even more. Before he could respond, there was another knock on the door, this one a little more forceful. Raul growled under his breathe.

“Come in,” he yelled through the door, as Mercedes made her way to the couch in the corner of his office.

“Hey boss, it looks like you were right. The only fingerprints on the letter are Mercedes, Ron Sherman, and the superintendent,” Lorenzo stated, handing Raul the fingerprint report.

“I thought so, but do me a favor and do a full report on Sherman and the superintendent,” Raul told Lorenzo.

“Already started it, Boss.” Lorenzo was one of Raul’s top men. He’d known that Raul would want to have anyone who came in contact with these letters investigated. But hearing this threw Mercedes off.

“You think Ron or my superintendent could have something to do with this?” she asked standing. Raul motioned for Lorenzo to leave before he turned to Mercedes.

“It’s really just a precaution, but I’ve had cases where stalkers sometimes send themselves letters or threats to throw us off the investigation-make themselves look like a victim or innocent bystander instead of the culprit. We’re just checking all possibilities,” he told her reassuringly.

Mercedes nodded. That made sense and he had a lot more experience with this type of thing than she did.

Mercedes spent the rest of the day in Raul’s office, where he ordered takeout, and together they went over a few more leads. The investigation of her apartment break-in brought up no suspects. The police couldn’t find any foreign fingerprints. Even Raul’s men had gone in to sweep the apartment after the police and they came up with nothing new. Mercedes had opened a PO Box to have her mail forwarded to, so she wouldn’t have to worry about going back to get her mail. Raul had one of his employees pick up her mail a couple times a week and bring it to the office so he could deliver it to her. He was grateful for this foresight. Though, he hadn’t let on to Mercedes, she’d been receiving a number of threatening letters from her stalker. All types on plain white paper, the same as the note that’d been attached to the sent DVDs. The letters were vile in nature and he didn’t want to expose her to them. He’d had his team catalogue and collect any evidence they could get from these letters, but so far they hadn’t come up with anything. A few hours later he was ready to leave his office for the day.

As Mercedes peered through her rearview mirror to see Raul’s car following her as they drove back to his home, she knew something had changed. She was willing to give in to whatever was going to happen with Raul. She wanted him for more than just his protection. She knew that whatever she and Raul would have it would be unlike anything she’d had in her past. That was for sure.





Chapter 9


“Hey, Mal. How are you doing?” Mercedes asked as she answered her cell phone. It was Friday evening and she was beginning to get ready for her performance at the Black Kitty that evening. She was feeling antsy seeing as this was her first time back there since she found out she had been recorded. She was grateful for the distraction.

“Hey, Sis. Just chillin’. Wanted to call on my way home from work. It’s been a minute since we last talked.” The truth was, it had only been a week since Mercedes last talked to her brother, but that was a long time for them. They usually spoke at least twice a week. Mercedes appreciated the close relationship she had with her brother. Despite being raised by different standards of freedom, they’d forged a close relationship. Jamal often intervened when he felt their father was going too overboard in how he spoke to Mercedes. He was never confrontational, but would try to divert their father’s attention to give Mercedes a little breathing room. She was thankful to have Jamal on her side. However, there were still things she kept from him, like her performing and the fact that she dated men and women. At times, she felt guilty about keeping these aspects of her life from her brother.

“Yeah, it has been. I’m sorry, it’s been a busy week,” Mercedes said by way of explanation. It hadn’t been that busy, but Mercedes found herself spending more and more time with Raul in the evenings after he came home from work. They would often spend hours watching the latest season of Orange is the New Black on Netflix, playing board games, or just talking. A smile spread across Mercedes’ face as she remembered the kisses Raul would steal, catching her off guard as they watched TV or sat outside on his back patio. They hadn’t gone as far as that night in New York, but Mercedes knew that would soon change.

“No doubt. My week’s been a little crazy too, but I have some time off coming up, I was thinking of coming to A-t-l for a visit,” he said using Atlanta’s nickname.

“Um,” Mercedes said nervously. She hadn’t told Jamal or her parents about being stalked or living with Raul. Jamal picked up on her hesitation.

“Um? Dang, Cedes, if you didn’t want me to visit just say so,” he said jokingly, but Mercedes could hear his underlying hurt.

“Shut up, you know it’s not that,” she scoffed trying to lighten the mood, “I love when you come to visit. It’s just that, I’m not staying at my apartment for now, and I don’t know when I’ll be back.”

“You’re not staying in your apartment? Where are you staying? Is everything all right?” Mercedes could hear the worry in her brother’s voice. She didn’t like the idea of keeping more secrets between them. She decided to let him in on what was going on, but with one condition.

“Well, everything is all right so far, but there’s something I need to tell you, but you have to promise to keep it to yourself and not tell mom or dad,” she hedged.

“Cedes, what is it? You’re sounding a little scary now.”

Mercedes sighed, “Someone has been stalking me.”

“What? Have you been hurt? What’s going on?” he asked worriedly.

“I’m okay. It’s a little bit of a long story.” Mercedes proceeded to tell her brother about the hang up phone calls and the break-in into her apartment. She told him this person contacted her employers and told them some lies, instead of the full truth, since it would expose her burlesque performing, as she still wanted to keep secret from her brother until she was comfortable. Jamal was understandably upset with her for not telling him until now. He was concerned for her safety, even after she told him she was staying with Raul while he helped figure out whoever was behind this. He insisted on coming to visit her in a few weeks when he could get some time off from his job. She didn’t object. She knew if the roles were reversed she’d be worried about his safety too. After fifteen minutes of trying to reassure her brother that she was fine and convincing him not to tell their parents, she hung up and began gathering her costume for her performance that night. The antsy feeling she had earlier returned. She knew Raul saw it as soon as she came down the stairs.

“What’s wrong?” He asked pulling her into an embrace.

“I just spoke with my brother. I told him everything-well almost everything.” Raul pulled back and gave her a questioning look at her cryptic statement.

“My family doesn’t know I do burlesque,” she answered.

“Why not?”

She sighed, knowing this question was coming. “I grew up in a strict Christian household. My father is a Preacher and his thoughts on women are...let’s just say they’re antiquated. He still hasn’t forgiven me fully for going away to Howard for college or moving to Atlanta afterwards. He certainly wouldn’t approve of me performing,” she answered putting it diplomatically. She knew her father would flip the hell out if he knew she danced and took her clothes off in front of an audience. She looked up at Raul and could tell he wanted to ask more, but thankfully he held his questions. Right now she just wanted to focus on getting through tonight’s performance.

“Let’s eat before you have to get ready to go,” he said pulling her to the back entrance that led to the patio. They usually ate all their meals outside now, weather permitting. Raul had fixed a delicious salad with Brazilian rice and beans and corn tortillas. Mercedes ate it up, thoroughly enjoying his culinary skills. It was a simple meal but delicious nonetheless.

About halfway through their dinner, Raul announced, “I spoke with Quince today.”

Mercedes looked over at him. Quince was an old boyfriend. She knew Raul was going to interview her most recent exes, so this news shouldn’t have surprised her, but nonetheless, it felt a little awkward.

“Oh yeah, did you find out anything interesting?” she asked trying to sound casual.

Raul shrugged, “Nothing too interesting. He’s still in Atlanta, just had been away on business for a few weeks, which is why it took us a while to track him down. He still seemed a little miffed over being dumped, but not enough to be your stalker. Still, I’ll have my team keep an eye on him.”

“Thank y-”

“Stop thanking me,” he said cutting her off before she could thank him yet again. Mercedes smiled.

“Anyway, like I said he did still seemed miffed you dumped him. Why did you break up with him?” Mercedes stopped dating Quince close to two years ago. They’d been together for all of a few months. She knew his ego was more bruised at being dumped, than any real emotional investment.

Mercedes rolled her eyes as she placed her glass on the table. “He was more attracted to my sexuality than me,” she said shrugging. Raul tilted his head as if waiting for further explanation.

“What does that mean?” He asked.

“It means that when he heard I dated both men and women he thought it meant threesomes and orgies where he was the only man involved.”

Raul raised an eyebrow. “And that wasn’t the case?”

Mercedes had dated a lot of people in her youth, and had even indulged in a few threesomes, but that was years ago. When she first moved out of her parents’ house she was the typical good girl gone bad, for a little while. She’d done and experimented a lot in her youth, but that wasn’t her style anymore. She still dated who she found attractive, but she was not into sharing partners or random hookups, anymore. Mercedes looked Raul square in the eye. “No. That’s not my style. I like men and women, but that doesn’t mean I spread my legs for just anyone. I don’t like sharing either.”

“Wait, is that why you were so mad that night after Nikola and Devyn’s wedding? You thought I set you up to have a threesome with Cindy?” he asked remembering her anger that night. She’d refused to let him explain.

“Yeah, you wouldn’t be the first guy to try it,” she admitted.

“Querida, that’s not my style. I don’t have to sneak. If I want something, I’m upfront.”

Mercedes nodded, recognizing he was telling the truth. “I know that now, but I didn’t know you then.”

“That’s fair. So, do you consider yourself bisexual?” he asked.

Mercedes lifted in shoulder in a shrug, “I don’t really label it. I just like what I like.”

“And what about me? Do you like me?” he asked as he pulled her closer to him.

“You already know the answer to that,” she said, as she allowed herself to be taken into his arms.

Raul smiled that sexy smile of his. “I know. I just like to hear you say it.”

Mercedes found herself staring at his lips. She licked her own. “I like you, Raul.”

Raul pulled her fully onto his lap, so she was straddling him. He pulled her lips down to meet his. He nibbled at her lips before completely devouring her mouth. Mercedes felt the usual heady sensations overtake her whenever their lips met. She felt his hands glide up and down her back, making contact with exposed skin as they found their way to her uncovered shoulders. Raul deftly loosened the string of Mercedes’ halter top dress, letting it fall to expose her perky breasts.

“You have such beautiful breasts. I’ve wanted to devour them since the first time I saw you on stage,” he said pulling back to stare at her breasts. In all honesty Raul had wanted to see all of her since the first time they met, but seeing her on stage, performing nearly naked increased his hunger for her. He had to remind himself over and over that his first job was to keep her safe while she performed. Not get sidetracked with his own desire to feel her writhing beneath him. But right now was a different story. Right now, she wasn’t performing. She was safe from harm and in his arms, and her eyes were filled with a need he knew was a reflection of his own. Raul lowered his head and licked, first one, and then a second pert nipple. Mercedes moaned at the contact and arched her back, thrusting her breasts in his face even more, encouraging him. Raul was happy to oblige. He latched on to her left breast and suckled, while he let his hand massage and play with the other nipple. He alternated between both breasts, giving each side his full attention. Mercedes grasped onto Raul’s shoulders as the delightful sensations of his mouth on her rushed through her body. She reflexively began to rock her hips back and forth on his lap, trying to ease the ache that began to develop between her lips. She felt Raul’s growing bulge against her stomach. This spurred her on even more, and in turn spurred Raul on. He continued feasting on her breasts, while his fingers eased up her thighs and found the edge of her panties. Mercedes aided him, by spreading her legs, making room for his fingers. Mercedes’ fingernails dug into Raul’s sleeves when his two fingers entered her wetness. Mercedes ground her hips on his fingers as Raul lifted his head from her breasts, pulling her head down for another kiss. She moaned loudly into his mouth. She bucked and rode his fingers, and when his thumb came up to massage her clit, her release was imminent. Moving his head to suckle on the skin behind her ear, Raul allowed his fingers to quicken. Mercedes threw her head back and was coming. She rode his fingers through her orgasm panting loudly. She rested her forehead against his and moaned as he withdrew his fingers from her core. Just as Raul prepared to move this encounter to his bedroom, Mercedes’ phone alarm went off, bringing them both back to reality.

Jarred by the ringing of the phone, they abruptly pulled apart. It took both a second to realize what that noise was, until Mercedes finally remembered.

“Th-that’s my alarm. We’re going to be late.” Mercedes had set her phone alarm to remind her of her scheduled performances.

“Mierda!” Raul cursed in Brazilian, as he shifted himself in his pants, and eased Mercedes off his lap. She smiled at his reaction. She didn’t want to leave either, but she had to.

“We’re not finished with this conversation,” Raul said to her. By the way he said the word “conversation” she knew talking was not what he was referring to.

“You’ve said that before,” she teased and stood up. Raul took one look at the smirk on her kiss swollen lips, and pulled her back down onto his lap.

“Querida, I suggest you stop teasing me or the only stage you’ll be performing on tonight is in my bedroom.” Mercedes’ breath caught. She had no response as he used his finger to trace her jawline, his eyes burrowing into her own. But just as quickly as he pulled her down, he placed a short kiss on her lips and eased her up as he stood.

“Go get your things. I’ll put the dishes away so we can head out,’ Raul said bending down to pick up their plates and glasses. Mercedes hurried up to her room to get her belongings and costume she’d be wearing that night. She had a feeling that performing at the Black Kitty wasn’t the only action she was going to have by night’s end.

****

Raul watched as the woman on stage gracefully lifted her leg into the air as she leapt across the stage. The woman he had come to know as Jazmine was a regular performer at the Black Kitty. She started her routine wearing a white feathered leotard, but she was now down to her white leggings, pasties and en pointe shoes. He could tell she had a great deal of ballet training, and that she mixed it with a more modern dance style. She was around the same height as Mercedes, and had the physique of a dancer, with smooth skin the color of cocoa. By all accounts she was beautiful, but the woman that held his rapt attention was the one standing next to him. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see flashes of emerald blue and purple, as Mercedes fluffed her peacock costume. She was to hit the stage next, after Jazmine. Her closeness sent his senses into overdrive. Earlier in the evening, he’d come close to dragging her up to his bedroom and not letting her up for air until the next morning. If it wasn’t for the damn alarm they’d be in his bed, arms and legs entangled. Now, he was here on full alert, with a few of his men positioned around the club to help keep her safe. Her stalker had videotaped her in this very club without anyone’s knowledge. They could be here tonight, watching her. Raul wouldn’t blame her if she chose not to perform, but Mercedes wouldn’t hear of it. She was a trooper. Once she realized this person’s goal was to completely upend her life, Mercedes made the decision to live her life as normal as possible, within reason, of course. Raul respected that, and he was going to make damn sure whoever this was didn’t have a chance to hurt Mercedes more than they already had.

Finally, Jazmine’s set ended and she came bounding down the stairs off the stage, and pressed a quick kiss to Mercedes’ cheek, wishing her luck on her performance. Just as quickly as she came down the stairs, Jazmine was gone, strutting down the hallway towards the locker room. Raul saw the woman who was tasked with collecting the performer’s discarded costumes, gathering pieces of Jazmine’s costume in her arms, before she hurried down the hallway as well. The owner of the club, Mistress Coco, made her way to the stage, cheering the crowd to applaud one last time for Jazmine and beginning her introduction for Mercedes.

Coco’s voice reverberated through the club. “Ladies hold on to your wigs, and fellas hold on to you jockstraps!”

Raul smiled and turned to Mercedes. “She’s one of a kind,” he said to her referring to Mistress Coco.

Mercedes lips spread into a big smile. “And doesn’t take shit from anyone.”

“Just remember I’ll be right here a few feet away and I have my men strategically placed around the club. You just worry about performing your little heart out,” he said reminding her of the safety precautions they’d taken.

Mercedes nodded, “I can do that.” She started up the stairs and Mistress Coco’s introduction wound down, and the lights went low. Raul heard Etta James’ voice wash over the crowd as she sang the opening chords to Something’s Got A Hold On Me. Raul admitted to himself he could relate to the words of the song. While he wasn’t ready to say it was love he had feelings for Mercedes; feelings he’d never had for another woman were taking hold. Refocusing on the task at hand, he chose to ignore the questions in his head and carefully watch the crowd and onlookers for any sudden movements, possible weapons, or even the flicker of a camera or video light. He saw his men in the front and back of the audience and they were on high alert. He nodded with one when they made eye contact. He breathed a little easier knowing his men were on the job. After scanning the audience for a few moments he returned his attention back to the stage and his stomach muscles instantly tightened. Mercedes was now down to her heels, tights, and costume bra, with very little else, as she laid on her back on the stage floor, feet planted, knees bent, and thrusting her hips and swiveling them in the air. What he wouldn’t give to have her in that exact position, fully naked in his bed. He intended to make that happen sooner rather than later.

But before he could let his fantasy fully form in his mind, a quick movement out of the corner of his eye drew his attention. He saw his man, Lorenzo who was closest to the stage, jump up in pursuit of a white male who had been sitting in the audience. The man looked as if he was headed for the stage. Raul didn’t think twice before he was on stage, rushing to Mercedes, pulling her up and off the stage. Mercedes, shocked at his abrupt appearance, almost looked as if she was going to pull away, but she swiftly realized it was Raul and let him lead her off stage. Without even looking back, Raul ushered Mercedes off the stage, down the stairs, and down the hall to the private changing room he’d requested for her. He knew his men had grabbed whoever it was that rushed the stage. His primary concern was getting Mercedes out of harm’s way and away from onlookers.

“What the hell was that?” Mercedes blurted out as they burst into the changing room, Raul shutting the door behind them. He hurriedly checked the room to make sure no one was hiding inside, before turning to answer her question.

“Someone rushed the stage. Could just be an overanxious fan, but could be our guy. I’m going to find out.” Just as Raul finished his statement, there were two light taps and then two heavy taps on the door. That was his team’s signal. He opened the door, to find himself face-to-face with Lorenzo.

“You got him?” Raul asked.

“Yeah, boss. Johnny’s holding him. He doesn’t have anything on him,” Lorenzo answered.

“Wait here. No one comes in or out of this room,” Raul instructed. Mercedes looked too shocked to speak. He wanted to envelop her in his arms and assure her it was okay, but he had work to do. The sooner he spoke to this man the sooner he could get her out of here.

“Sure thing, boss,” Lorenzo complied as Raul stepped outside the door, closing it behind him. Lorenzo stood on guard outside the door, while Raul went in search of Johnny. He met Mistress Coco in the hallway.

“They took him to my office. Down the hall to the right. And if that’s the bastard who’s trying to scare my Black Dahlia just let me have five minutes alone with him!” she told Raul tersely.

Even though the woman was a mere five-foot-three and in her sixties, Raul didn’t doubt that she could easily put a hurting on someone.

“Will do, ma’am, but you have to promise to leave something for me to handle when you’re done,” Raul said meaning every word.

“I make no such promises,” Mistress Coco said before turning and heading in the opposite direction. Despite the possible danger, Raul smiled at the older woman’s gumption. Raul made it to Mistress Coco’s office and opened the door to see Johnny peering over the audience member who rushed the stage. The man was no taller than 5’6 or 5’7, medium build, and in his mid-to-late twenties. With Johnny peering over him like he wanted to haul him outside behind the dumpsters, the man seemed to slink down in his seat.

“Name,” Raul said assertively. The man barely made eye contact with Raul.

“You heard him. What’s your fucking name?!” Johnny demanded, harshly.

“Michael,” he said in a low, but even voice.

“Michael, why did you rush the stage like that?” Raul asked, stepping closer.

Michael shrugged his response. “I don’t know.”

Raul was working with a short fuse. Johnny sensing Raul’s temper rise, stepped back as Raul hauled the man out of his chair and shoved him into the nearest wall.

“I’m sure you have no clue who the fuck you’re playing with right now, but I’m telling you right fucking now, I’m not the one to be toyed with. As of right now, the only thing keeping me from slamming my fist into your face is you have information I need. You’ve got until I count to three to spill it, or I’m wiping this fucking office floor with your face.” And with that, Raul let the man go and stepped back. When the man remained silent it was as if he thought Raul was bluffing, until he started counting.

“One.”

Raul removed his black blazer, unbuttoned the top button of his shirt and neatly rolled up his sleeves. The man looked nervously between Johnny and Raul, but still remained quiet.

“Two.”

Raul pulled his Glock 19 from its back holster, checked the chamber, and handed it to Johnny while giving Michael a deadly stare. Michael swallowed at the smile that spread across Johnny’s face.

“Thr--”

“Okay, okay. I was paid to do it,” Michael blurted out before Raul could finish his countdown.

“By who?” Raul asked not missing a beat.

“I don’t know.”

When he saw Raul take a threatening step forward, he insisted, “No seriously, I don’t know!” he yelled, “All I know is I got a message from an online dating website I created a profile on. The person asks me to come to this show tonight, and wait for Black Dahlia to perform. They tell me to just rush the stage to scare her a little bit. That’s it. I was never going to hurt her.”

Raul heard enough. He pushed Michael into the wall, “You call running up on stage and scaring someone you don’t know, not hurting them? How much did they pay you?”

“200 bucks. I’m sorry I didn’t know it was that big a deal,” Michael stated nervously.

“How did you get paid?” Raul asked not wanting to hear more of his excuses.

“The money was dropped off in my mail box by the time I got home from work today.”

Raul knew Mercedes’ stalker was behind the incident. They were smart to not use any money-transferring technology. Whoever was doing this was local, and Raul had a growing suspicion they had some sort of connection to the Black Kitty. First, they filmed Mercedes here and then they chose this location again to have someone scare her. Raul asked Michael more questions, and then sent Johnny to follow the man home and retrieve his online profile information and the remaining bills of the money that Michael hadn’t spent yet. When Michael balked at this plan, Raul reminded him of his promise from earlier, along with a threat of filing charges against him for stalking and harassment. Michael made the wise choice to oblige Raul and Johnny.

Raul then left to return to Mercedes’ changing room. As he walked down the hall he was passed by one of the Black Kitty’s employees, but he didn’t know her name.

“Who was that?” Raul asked Lorenzo.

“Name’s Roxxy. She’s what they call a Stage Kitten. She brings all the discarded costumes to the girls,” Lorenzo said lifting up Mercedes’ costume in his hands.

“I’ll take these in to her. I’m going to have her get dressed and then head out. Wait by the back exit for us,” Raul instructed, as he knocked on the door.

“Mercedes, it’s me,” he called through the door.

When she opened the door, Raul felt his heart tug at the look of worry and strain. He didn’t like seeing that look on her beautiful face, but he needed to be honest with her. Raul told her everything Michael told him, before leaving the room to allow her to get dressed. Fifteen minutes later, Raul, placed his hand at the small of Mercedes’ back as they walked down the hall and out the back exit. Lorenzo held the door, as they walked into the warm night air. Raul, ever vigilant, scanned the parking lot and the vehicles, making sure there was no one hiding out or around. He opened the door for Mercedes and once she was in, he closed her door and hurried to the driver’s side to head home.

Within thirty minutes they were pulling up to his gated community. He was let in the gate by the guard, and drove the few blocks to his house. Once he pulled up and turned off the ignition, he looked over at Mercedes, who’d remained silent the whole ride.

“Hey,” he said turning her head to face him.

“I’m not going to let anything happen to you. You know that, right?”

A faint smile appeared across Mercedes face and she nodded. “I know. I trust you.” Raul’s heart swelled with emotion at hearing those words. Opening the car door, he got out and then rounded the car to open Mercedes’ door.

“Why don’t you go up and shower,” Raul told her as they entered the house. She seemed to hesitate, but just as he closed the door and punched in the alarm code, Mercedes turned and cupped his face with her hands. She pulled his head down for a kiss. Raul was stunned for all of two seconds before he pulled her in closer by the waist and deepened the kiss. He lost track of time as they kissed and felt each other up with their hands. Raul broke away from the kiss and peppered kisses along Mercedes jaw and neck. He nipped lightly at the skin on her neck. She moaned and he increased the pressure of his nips little by little. He could feel her begin to tremble in his arms. He pulled away completely.

“You should go up and shower,” he said firmly. Mercedes gave him a confused look, but simply nodded and headed up the stairs. Raul rubbed his hand through his hair as he watched her ascend the steps. It wasn’t that he didn’t want her. He wanted her more than he wanted his next breath, but he didn’t want her acting out of some need to thank him or some misplaced hero worship. He wanted-needed her to want him for him. Raul headed up the stairs to his own room, and took a short shower. He let the steam of the warm water penetrate his skin and help sweat away the muscle tension he’d been carrying since that idiot rushed the stage. He quickly washed himself, and turned off the water. Stepping out of the shower he towel dried off, and placed it around his waist. He sat down on his bed, and pulled out his iPad to write a few emails, but heard a light tap on his door. He knew it was Mercedes.

“Just a sec,” he yelled through the door before throwing on a pair of basketball shorts and a t-shirt.

“You okay?” he asked opening the door. Mercedes nodded.

“Did you need something?” he asked cautiously.

“Yes. You,” she stated pointedly.

Raul’s dick jumped at her words and the glint in her eyes. He looked down the length of her body and saw she wore a purple silk negligee. He would bet his entire life’s savings she wasn’t wearing anything underneath when he saw her nipples pressing against the fabric. He stepped back just enough to let her in and closed the door, pressing her back against it.

He wanted her to be absolutely sure because he couldn’t hold out much longer. “Are you sure this is what you want?” He watched as a confused look came over Mercedes’ face. “I just don’t want you feeling like you owe me this or you reacting out of the heightened adrenaline because of what happened at the club tonight.”

Realization came over Mercedes’ face and she smiled. She reached up on her tiptoes and pulled his head down for a quick kiss on the lips. “If you recall, this is just a continuation of what happened earlier tonight at dinner, before we left for the club. I don’t want to think about a stalker or anything else tonight. I just want you,” she said nearly whispering the last part as she kissed along his jawline.

Her whispered admission and the feel of her lips and hands on him caused Raul to lose control on the tiny grip of restraint he held. He pressed his lips firmly on hers, biting at her lips, demanding they part for him. When they did, he showed her no mercy. He placed an all-out assault on all her senses. He kissed her lips and then moved down to her neck, sucking and biting, as his hands wound their way under her negligee. Just as he assumed, she wore nothing underneath and as his fingers grazed over her warm mound, he felt Mercedes’ heavy intake of breath. Raul wasted no time, he bent down, wrapping his hands around her thighs, picking her up. She obliged, indulged him and wrapped her legs around his waist. He easily strode to his bed, and placed her on his grey colored, Frette sheets.

“You better be sure about this because I’m not letting you up for air until sometime tomorrow,” he said as he gazed down at her body.

Mercedes smiled mischievously, commenting, “Less talking, more showing.”

Raul growled as he climbed over top of Mercedes. “My fucking pleasure.”





Chapter 10


Mercedes felt exhilarated as Raul’s weight pressed her into the bed, and he leaned over nipping at her lips, neck and ear. She tilted her head up, to grant him better access to her neck. He felt so good on top of her. She felt his fingers pushing the straps of her negligee down her arms and exposing her breasts. She barely had time to register the air conditioned air that touched her nipples before she felt them pushed together and surrounded by the warmth of Raul’s mouth. She moaned loudly. Her breasts were one of her most sensitive spots on her body. As Raul sucked and massaged her breasts her pussy grew wetter. Mercedes intertwined her fingers in his hair pulling him closer, as she pushed her breasts even deeper into his mouth.

“Raul,” she moaned.

Mercedes gasped when he slowly moved his mouth off her breast causing a “pop” when he finally released it. He grabbed her wrists and forced them over her head.

“Grab the headboard,” he commanded. “Don’t move your hands,” he said sternly. He eased his way down her body, kissing a trail from her breasts down to where she needed him most. She spread her legs wider as she felt his warm breath graze along she short curls that covered her sex. Mercedes felt his strong fingers as they played in her pubic hairs and then down her wet core. His fingers spread her moisture around her pussy. Instead of diving in, Raul placed kisses on Mercedes’ inner thighs and pelvic bone, teasing her with his fingers and the feel of his tongue, close but not close enough to where she wanted.

“Raauuul,” she moaned again, this time lifting her hips to encourage him to put his mouth on her.

“Shhh, Querida. I know what you need,” he said in a voice that made Mercedes’ pussy muscles tighten. Raul teased her some more, before finally putting his lips on her. He kissed and licked around her clit before taking the bud fully into his mouth and stroking it over and over with his tongue. At the same time, he inserted two fingers into her soaking wet core, pumping them in tandem with his tongue strokes. Mercedes thrashed her head on the pillows, and began to loosen her grip on the headboard. She moved her hips up and down and Raul continued to feast on her. She couldn’t take it any longer and she moved her hands down to her breasts, pinching her nipples. By now, Raul had inserted a third finger into her canal, and continued sucking on her clit. Mercedes forgot all about her breasts and moved both hands to cup the back of Raul’s head, holding him in place. She didn’t have to worry about him going anywhere, though. He was man on a mission. As he sucked and finger fucked her, Mercedes felt the muscles in her pussy tighten just before she was overtaken by a heavenly sensation.

“Oh Goood. Fuck. I’m cumming!” she cried out. Ripple after ripple of sensation passed through her and she was powerless to do anything but lay there and surrender to the feeling. Her hands fell away from Raul’s head and she laid there with her eyes half closed, catching her breath. She saw Raul rise up with a smirk on his face.

“Querida, I told you to keep your hands on the headboard,” he shook his head, reprimanding her. Mercedes had no time to defend her actions, before he yanked her negligee all the way off, and flipped her on her belly, pulling her up by the waist so she was on all fours.

“Not listening. That deserves a spanking, and you can watch.” Mercedes was confused about the last part of his statement, until he gently pulled her head back, causing her to look up. The entire door frame of his large walk-in closet was a full-length mirror. She gasped as she saw the reflection of the wanton expression on her face as she was perched on all fours on Raul’s bed, naked as the day she was born, while Raul kneeled behind her. Mercedes’ breasts grew heavy with need and desire. Raul was shirtless as he looked in the mirror directly into her gaze. Mercedes licked her lips just as she saw Raul’s hand rise.

“Ahhhh,” she yelped, and moaned as his hand made contact with her behind.

Smack!

“Mmmm,” Mercedes moaned and pushed back into Raul, continuing to stare at their reflections in the mirror. She’d been intimate plenty of times before, but never had she felt this lascivious as she stared at them both in the mirror, and braced for another smack on her ass. By the third slap, Mercedes felt the burning sensation on her ass, and she assumed, she’d have trouble sitting the next day, but she was too far gone to care.

But, Raul was a giving lover. He never let a woman walk away from his bed unsatisfied. He bent down and kissed the reddened spot on Mercedes’ ass cheeks, licking them to soothe them. He moved lower to lick and taste her pussy lips that were now even more wet than before. He smiled knowingly. She enjoyed being spanked. Mercedes ground her hips onto Raul’s face as he worked his lips and his tongue. Before long, he couldn’t stand it any longer.

“Don’t move. And this time don’t even think of disobeying me,” his voice tight with need and desire. He pulled away from her and stepped off the bed. Mercedes knew when to comply. She kept her ass perched high in the air, as she watched him in the mirror. He tugged his shorts down and retrieved a handful of condoms out of his top dresser drawer. She saw him quickly rip open the wrapper and roll the condom down his thick cock. When he moved behind her, keeping his eyes trained on hers in the mirror, she saw the promise in his eyes. She knew he meant every word he’d said earlier about not letting her up until sometime the next day. Even as that thought registered in her mind, she felt the bed dip, and Raul’s hands were on her hips. In one swift motion he thrust his cock into her wet core. She gasped as she heard Raul say something in Portuguese, she couldn’t understand, but fuck if it didn’t turn her on even more. Within seconds he was pounding into her. Showing her no mercy as he rode her hard.

“Aww shit, Querida,” he yelled, as Mercedes met him thrust for thrust.

“That’s it. Take this dick. Take all of it.” Mercedes had no choice but to comply as her hips involuntarily pushed back onto Raul’s hardness. Raul continued to pound into Mercedes as he moved his hands around to massage her breasts. He pulled her up, so that her back met his chest, as he moved in and out of her wetness. Mercedes let her head fall back on Raul’s shoulder as she moaned and covered his hands with hers. The quivering of Mercedes’ thighs signaled that she was reaching another climax.

“Look in the mirror, baby. I want to see you cum,” Raul said in her ear. Mercedes lifted her head and stared at their reflection in the mirror, as Raul moved one hand down to stroke her clit.

“This pussy feels so good. So tight and wet. Is that for me?” Raul asked, staring at her reflection. When Mercedes nodded, he began to move his hand vigorously over her clit and Mercedes couldn’t hold back her second orgasm. She came looking him in the eyes in the mirror, calling his name.

The contraction of her muscles around his cock signaled his own orgasm. He pulled her even closer to him and pumped furiously, shouting loudly as he released into the condom.

“Fuuuuck!” he shouted.

They both fell back to the bed exhausted but completely sated. Raul pulled Mercedes under him, and placed kisses on her lips and face. He pulled back and just stared at her.

“That was…” his voice trailed off.

“I know,” she agreed not needing him to finish his sentence. He smiled and kissed her again before rolling off the bed and heading to the bathroom. A few minutes later, he came back with a warm cloth and wiped her down, before wiping himself off. He dropped the cloth in his laundry bin and climbed into bed with Mercedes.

“I hope you know you’re getting rounds tonight, so I’d advise you to sleep while you can,” he said as he turned them on their sides. Mercedes giggled.

“Yes, sir.” She giggled again when she felt his cock twitch upon her calling him, “sir.”

“Don’t tease me or you’re in trouble,” he said, swiftly smacking her on her behind.

“Noted,” she said, before drifting off to sleep.

****

Raul woke up a satisfied man-the next afternoon. He looked over at the clock to see it was just after twelve noon. He and Mercedes had gone at it all night long and well into the morning. First he’d rode Mercedes hard and long, and then she turned the tables and rode him the same way. He smiled and stretched as he remembered the feel of being inside her. He inhaled deeply taking in her scent in his sheets. Looking down, he saw her nestled against his chest, sleeping like a baby. He ran his hand up and down her arm, and placed a kiss on her forehead.

“Hey, sleepyhead. Wake up,” he said, just above a whisper.

“Let me sleep,” she waved him off.

Raul wouldn’t give up, though. He flipped her onto her back, looking down at her exposed breasts. He could see marks where he’d suckled at her skin. He pressed a kiss to the middle of her chest, moving down her body. He could feel her breathing increase as her senses woke up. When he reached her core, he place her legs on his shoulders and leaned down, stopping just above her clit.

“You sure, you want me to let you sleep?” He teased.

“You better not get me hot and bothered for nothing,” she said breathlessly. Raul laughed as he lowered his head all the way to her pussy and placed his lips on her. Mercedes moaned instantly. He kissed and nipped at her pussy lips, opting to forego sucking her clit for a little while longer. He licked the length of her core, before dipping his tongue inside her wetness. He placed his hands on either side of her waist, holding her in place as she ground her hips against his mouth. Raul licked and stroked her clit with his tongue before pulled it between his lips. He inserted two fingers into her, curling them to graze her g-spot. Soon, she was shouting his name as she came. The sound of his name as it was yelled from her lips caused his already growing length to become hard as steel. He quickly grabbed a condom, sheathed himself, and was pushing into Mercedes’ warm channel before she had time to recover from her orgasm. He fucked her hard and fast, taking her face between his hands and pressing kisses all over her face. Mercedes grasped his shoulders and pulled him down for a kiss, as she simultaneously planted her feet on the bed and rose her hips. It was the same move she did on stage, Raul fantasized about her doing this as he was balls deep inside her. Now that he was here, it felt better than he could have imagined. He reached down and rolled her clit between his thumb and forefinger. Soon they both fell over the edge together moaning and writhing against one another as they came. And just that fast, they both fell back in bed, Mercedes curling up under Raul’s arm. They both fell asleep lying with their limbs entwined with one another.

Two hours later, both were up and showered, sharing a late lunch of Mexican takeout. Mercedes hungrily munched on her rice and bean burrito with a side of roasted vegetables, while Raul ate his chicken tacos. Although Mercedes was scheduled to perform at the Black Kitty that night, she’d opted to cancel her performance given the events of the previous night. She refused to cancel any of her out-of-town performances, but she wanted to play it safe when it came to performing at the Black Kitty. Raul had asked her about the different performers at the club, the employees, and anyone she regularly came in contact with while there. The list was long, but he felt it was important to check out all possibilities. He was still looking for an ex-girlfriend of hers named Sharon. She was from Savannah, but when Raul’s team looked her up they’d found she had moved and left no forwarding address. Her move happened to be around the same time Mercedes started receiving hang up calls. Given that Sharon also knew Mercedes regularly performed at the Black Kitty, and had been to her apartment while they dated, he thought they might have the right suspect. But he held off on drawing any conclusions until he spoke with her, which he couldn’t do until they found her.

“I want you to teach me self-defense,” Mercedes stated interrupting his thoughts. He sat back in his chair.

“Oh, really?”

“Yeah, I mean. I’ve taken kickboxing for a few years so I know some stuff, but I want to learn more. You also said you would teach me Capoeira. That’s self-defense, right?”

Raul nodded, “It’s one form, yes. But sometimes not always useful in certain situations. I can teach you some Capoeira, and other self-defense moves that incorporate more hand strikes, elbows and takedowns.”

Mercedes looked excited. “Can we start today?”

“Yes, we can start today,” Raul laughed.

Later that night the pair stood in Raul’s upstairs gym panting and sweating, as they sipped from their Avian bottles of water. He’d thoroughly gone over a series of defense moves including palm strikes, kicks, elbow throws and finger lock takedowns. And that was before he even began the basic teachings of Capoeira. He’d taught her the basic theme of Capoeira was trickery. To catch an opponent off-guard you must trick them into thinking one thing, while plotting a different course of action. Once finished with their self-defense training, Raul offered to rub Mercedes down in his Jacuzzi style bath, and when she happily agreed Raul strolled over to her with a sexy glint in his eyes

“You know how fine you look half-naked, sweaty and breathing all heavy?” She wore a pair of blue running shorts and just a black sports bra, for easy moving during their workout.

“If it’s half as sexy as you look, then I’d say we’re both in trouble,” she retorted. Mercedes was just as turned on as he was, as she stared at the rippling muscles in his chest and stomach. He’d worn a pair of grey sweatpants and a white t-shirt, but had discarded the t-shirt sometime during their workout. Mercedes had barely been able to concentrate on his teachings, as she daydreamed of licking the sweat that ran down his neck, over his chest, and through the peaks and valleys of his stomach muscles. She was so caught up in her fantasy once again, she didn’t realize how close Raul was. Before she knew it, he’d taken the nearly empty water bottle from her hand, tossing it in the trash and then threw her over his shoulder. She didn’t have time to catch her breath before she felt his hand make contact with her upturned bottom.

Smack!

“Ouch!” she yelped. “What was that for?” she asked caught off guard.

“That, was for making me look like a bad teacher. I just spent two hours teaching you to defend yourself and look how easily I caught you off guard. That will not do, Querida,” he reprimanded her as he carried her like a sack of potatoes to his bathroom. He placed her feet on the floor next to the bath.

“Maybe, you’re not as good a teacher as you like to think,” she taunted placing her hand on her hip.

“Or maybe you’re just dickmatized,” he said pulling her in for a kiss.

Mercedes refused to respond to his comment because she feared he was right. She’d spent more than a year and a half fantasizing about Raul, three weeks living in his home, countless kisses, but just one night in his bed and she knew this relationship was unlike any other she’d ever had. But instead of saying all that to him, she opened her mouth and allowed him to deepen the kiss, as he removed her clothing. It would be a long time before they emerged from the bathtub, wrinkled as prunes, but thoroughly satisfied.





Chapter 11


“Bom Dia, filho.” Raul woke up early Saturday morning to a ringing phone. Before Raul even had a chance to greet his mother, he heard another voice on the line.

“Good morning, Raul.” Raul had to stop himself from groaning. His mother, along with Iris, Nikola’s mother and for all intents and purposes, his second mother, were both on the line. This could only spell trouble. Whenever the two tag teamed him like this it usually had something to do with his love life.

“We know you’re in Chicago on business, filho, but we wanted to catch up. You never call your mother anymore. How are you doing? Are you working too hard? Are you eating well?” Raul’s mother asked in her concerned voice.

Once again, before Raul could even get a word out, he was interrupted. “Same here. He never calls or comes by to visit his second mother. Even though we live in the same city.” Raul heard the admonishment in Iris’ voice.

“Filho, is this true?” his mother asked.

Of course it’s not true. I speak with you both at least three times a week. He wanted to say, but held his tongue.

“No, mama. I’ve just been busy with work. You know that’s why I’m in Chicago now.” It had been three weeks since Mercedes and Raul’s first explosive night together, and they were now in Chicago for more performances of hers. They’d gotten in the night before, and spent a good part of the night doing some very inappropriate things to each other’s bodies before falling in a dreamless sleep. But he couldn’t tell his two mothers that. So, as he eased from under a still sleeping Mercedes, and walked into the living room area of their hotel, closing the bedroom door behind him, he merely listened to the two women as they talked.

“Yes, Nikola says you are working with a friend of Devyn’s. Is that right?”

That damn Nikola. He and Devyn were still in Brazil for the summer, and likely spent time visiting his parents, who were like second parents to Nikola. His friend knew telling his mother he was working with Mercedes would peak her interest.

“Oh, you mean Mercedes?” Iris interjected. “Are you helping her, Raul?” She asked.

In more ways than one. Again, he opted not to share those thoughts with the two women.

“Yes, Mama Iris. I am helping Mercedes. She’s had a little trouble,” he said not wanting to go into full details.

“And how is that going?” His mother asked, but he could hear an underlying curiosity in her voice. She wanted to know if it was more than just business.

“It’s going fine. We’re in Chicago for, uh, her work and I’m here to make sure she remains safe.”

“Oh, son, you don’t have to hold back, we both know Mercedes performs burlesque. That cat was out of the bag a long time ago. She’s absolutely fabulous too. She’s beautiful and the Godmother of my grandbabies, Rosaline. You have to meet her,” Iris announced excitedly. Raul wasn’t surprised Iris knew Mercedes was a burlesque dancer, she’d surprised Nikola and Devyn with the news she’d been to a number of Devyn’s shows. Being from Brazil, and growing up attending Carnival, he knew his mother wasn’t uncomfortable with women dressing in a way some in the U.S. would call scandalous, for the public. He’d grown up seeing his mother, and other family relatives decked out in their Carnival costumes, elaborately decorated, and women dancing freely in the streets.

“Oh, Iris tell me about her,” Raul’s mother demanded.

“Well, like I said she’s Godmother to Theodore and Jacques. She and Devyn attended college together, and she is beautiful…” Raul drowned out the two women as he stared out the hotel’s window, down onto the Chicago streets. It was only 8am, so there were few people out and about. Raul thought about his nervousness for Mercedes’ performance that night. Since his employees were busy with other assignments, he didn’t have any back up with him in Chicago. The summer was in full swing and many of his high-end clients wanted extra security for their parties and getaways. Raul usually traveled a great deal during this time of the year with his top clients, but he’d made Mercedes his priority, for reasons he didn’t want to analyze at the moment. Especially, not with both his mothers on the phone speculating as to what was going on.

Raul turned as he heard the creek of the bedroom door open. He licked his lips when he saw Mercedes standing there dressed in the dress shirt he’d stripped out of the night before in his rush to feel her skin against his. The bottom of the shirt skimmed the tops of her thighs-thighs that reminded him of dark chocolate, both in the smoothness and taste. In fact, he had a taste for chocolate at that very moment. Forgetting the conversation happening on his phone, he took a step towards Mercedes.

“So, you’re just working with this Mercedes, filho?” Rosaline’s question halted his movement. At the same time, Mercedes realized he was on the phone, and whispered she would be in the bedroom.

“Is that her?”

Damn.

His mother had hearing like a damn cat. Nothing ever got past the woman. Even speaking in a whisper his mother could hear Mercedes’ voice.

“It’s quite early in the morning, no?” she asked, half reprimanding, half joyfully. He knew how bad his mother wanted him to marry and have a family she could love on. Usually thinking of the M-word made his heart race anxiously, but this time he didn’t have that reaction. Again, he chose to wonder about the reason why later. Much later.

“Yes, it’s early here, Mama, but security is a twenty-four hour job,” he said cryptically.

“Mmhm, I bet it is,” both Iris and his mother said at the same time. The two women had formed a unique bond in the decades since Nikola and Raul had become friends. When Iris’ husbands was killed in a car accident years before, Raul’s mother had stayed with Iris for weeks, as she grieved. They also bonded over lamenting that their sons’ were unmarried. Now that Nikola was married with a family, the two women focused on Raul, and Nikola’s younger brother, Andre. Neither woman would be satisfied until their boys were in love and married. Raul merely shook his head. The trio talked for another ten minutes, mostly focused on the two women inquiring about his relationship with Mercedes, and Raul working hard to evade their answers. Raul had to use nearly every evasion technique he’d learned at West Point and in the Army to escape this conversation without his mother and Iris going out and searching for a wedding planner. He’d thought if the U.S. was really serious about the War on Terrorism, they should just send Iris Collins and Rosaline Santiago into question suspects. If they both knew the depth of his feelings for Mercedes, they’d surely up their campaign to see him married in the near future.

After reassuring both women he would make sure to call them more often, they thankfully, let him off the phone. He walked into the bedroom to find Mercedes lying in the center of the bed, propped up on her elbows, knees bent, and legs apart. From where he stood, he could see that she wasn’t wearing any panties. He licked his lips as he stared into what he’d come to call the center of Heaven.

“So, security is a twenty-four hour job, huh?” she asked spreading her legs even wider.

Raul nodded, “It was either that or tell my two mothers I had you up half the night screaming my name.”

“Oh really? ‘Cause if memory serves, I heard my name called a few times.”

“You sure? I don’t remember that,” Raul said leaning, his head to the side as if trying to recall a memory.

Mercedes slid off the king sized bed and came to stand in front of him. “Let me remind you.” She rose up on her tiptoes, and placed a kiss on his lips, then moved down to his neck. She slowly ran her tongue along his collarbone, and Raul’s cock was instantly hard. She heard a low groan above her. She’d learned early on that licking and sucking on his collarbone was one of his sweet spots. She allowed her hand to run up and down his bare chest, while she moved down to twirl her tongue around one nipple then the other. Painstakingly slowly she kissed down his torso until she was on her knees in front of him. Tucking her thumbs in the waistband of his sweatpants, she pulled them down his lean hips. Raul wore no underwear, and his cock sprang out of his pants. For a second she thought of teasing him, until she looked up into his eyes. The need she saw in his gaze penetrated to her core. Mercedes used her tongue to spread the pearl of pre-cum that emerged from the tip of his shaft. Deciding against taking it slow, Mercedes fit her lips around his girth and sucked him into her mouth. Raul groaned even louder as his head fell back against the wall behind him. At first, Mercedes let just her moistened lips caress up and down his shaft, but when she felt Raul’s hands in her hair, encouraging her for more, she upped the ante. Mercedes allowed her tongue to glide along the underside of his cock, while she hollowed her cheeks and sucked. She could already feel the weight of his cock grow heavier in her mouth as it filled with cum. She placed her hands on each of his butt cheeks and deepened her sucking. She knew Raul was on the edge when his grip tightened in her hair, but she pulled back, releasing his cock. Before Raul could protest, she dipped her head lower, sucking his balls into her mouth, and using one hand to continue stroking his length. She continued this for a few moments, before returning her mouth’s attention back to his cock. She quickened her pace, and took him to the back of her throat. She used one hand to massage his balls, as she let her tongue toy with his cock. Within minutes she felt his balls draw up, just before his cock bulged even more.

“Shit. Fuck. Mercedes!” she heard Raul yell above her, just as his semen splashed against her tongue. She continued to suckle him until the very last drop. When he stopped cumming, Mercedes felt him slump against the wall, as she stood up.

“You remember now?” She asked in response to his teasing from earlier.

Raul watched as she turned and walked towards the bathroom, unbuttoning and removing his shirt as she went. Just as she made it to the door, she peered over her shoulder.

“You coming?”

He knew this woman was going to be the death of him, but he’d go out a happy man. He half-smiled as he summoned the will to push himself from the wall, remove his sweatpants, and follow her into the bathroom.

*****

Chrissy, one of the stage kittens at the Chicago club, yelled out: “Knock ‘em dead, Dahlia!” Mercedes had performed there every summer, and a few holiday weekends throughout the year, for the past few years. The regular performers and owners had come to know her face, and greatly respected her as a performer. She’d just stepped out of her private changing room, to find Chrissy ogling Raul, as he waited for her. The sense of possessiveness she felt had grown exponentially in the past few weeks. She usually wasn’t a jealous or possessive partner. In the past, if a partner of hers had a wandering eye, she’d let them go without much fanfare. But with Raul, she’d see random women eyeing him and she found herself pulling him closer or putting his arm around her waist just to let those women know he was taken. It baffled her how much she’d come to care for him in a short period of time. And truthfully, it scared the hell out of her. She’d come to know the Raul under the exterior. Yes, he was gorgeous, successful, and extremely charming, but he was also compassionate, family-oriented, and one of the smartest people she’d ever met. He’d opened up his home to keep her safe and shared stories of his family and growing up in Brazil, his time at West Point and in the Army. For her part, Mercedes told him bits and pieces of her childhood, stories of her time at Howard and what drove her to try burlesque once she had her own independence. She didn’t go into detail about her relationship with her parents or how strict her father was on her, while he had countless extramarital affairs. If she shared that, she’d also have to share her fear of commitment. Instead, she held that part of her heart from him, fearing if she let him all the way in then she’d have no defenses against falling completely in love with him. Still, she feared she might be heading in that direction already.

“Thanks, Chrissy,” she said, as she adjusted the pink frills that adorned her black corset. She bent at the waist and smoothed up her black leggings, not because they were wrinkled, but because she knew it would get Raul’s attention. When she stood back up, the look on his face told her she’d accomplished her mission.

“If you want to make it to the stage, you’ll cut that out,” he whispered in her ear. Chrissy seeing the obvious chemistry between the two, opted to head back down the hall in the opposite direction.

Wise choice, Mercedes thought, as she felt Raul’s hand at the small of her back, escorting her to the stage area. They’d gone over and over the safety plan for this weekend. Luckily, this stage set apart from the audience, and a little higher up, making it difficult if anyone decided to jump up on the stage. Even though Mercedes knew her stalker was still out there, she felt safe as long as Raul was around. He wouldn’t let anything happen to her. She trusted that with her entire being. Although she hadn’t performed at the Black Kitty since that night, she’d performed at other Atlanta area clubs, and in Savannah. Raul was with her every step of the way. As a safety precaution Mercedes scaled back on the promotional events she often did, and did not tell anyone her schedule. Though she’d rather be able to join in on the promotional events, she understood the safety concerns and abided by Raul and his team. When the announcer finally called Black Dahlia to the stage, Mercedes was ready to go.

“Go get ‘em, Querida,” she heard Raul say behind her as his hand slapped her ass. That man loved to feel on her behind, and she didn’t mind one bit. She sent a wink and blew a kiss to him over her shoulder before walking on the stage.

With the spotlight on Mercedes in the darkened club, she forgot about the threats of a stalker, her suspension from her job, and even her fear of commitment. She let all her inhibitions go when she was on stage. When the sounds of Beyonce’s Lay Up Under Me began, Mercedes briefly looked to the side of the stage and Raul’s face was the first thing she saw. Her moods often dictated her performances. She chose songs and routines according to how she felt. She’d spent the past week choreographing a routine to this song because, in spite of herself, the upbeat melody and words of the song fell in line with her growing feelings for Raul. Mercedes crisscrossed the stage, pausing at the edge to give the audience a shimmy of her breasts. She glided across the stage, moving her hips and snapping in time with the music. She seductively began to unbutton the back of her corset, stopping to tease the audience, before dipping at the waist, doing a flick of her hair, and coming back up in nothing but her black pasties up top. She danced, and spun around, gyrating to the music and feeling free. The lyrics of the song matched to how she felt when she was with Raul. When they were together nothing else mattered. They could lay up under one another, make love well into the night, or laugh together. Mercedes turned and presented the audience with her backside as she popped her hip from side to side in time with the music, letting the frills on her panties move and sway. Mercedes spun around, dropped to the ground, and hit her signature move, dragging her toes as she moved her hips up towards the ceiling, while supporting her weight on her forearms. She twirled her hips, and moved them up and down as the audience clapped and whistled their appreciation. She loved that burlesque audiences were not afraid to show their appreciation, and in fact often competed to see who could applaud the loudest for the performer on stage. As the music ended, Mercedes dropped down and sat up on her knees giving the audience one last shake of her pasty covered breasts, and blew them a kiss. As euphoric as she felt on stage, that feeling was nothing to what she felt as she exited the stage and saw Raul clapping and whistling for her. She instinctively went into his outstretched arms. When he wrapped his arms it felt like coming home.

****

“Sir, there’s a problem with your room.” Raul stared at the hotel’s head of security. He knew the man wasn’t referring to the room he’d just stepped out of, closing the door behind him. He and Mercedes had just returned from her performances and she’d gone to take a shower when he heard a knock on the door. Peering through the peephole he saw the tall, bulky frame of the hotel’s head of security. Raul quickly opened the door and stepped into the hallway when he saw the worried look on the older man’s face.

“There was an attempted break-in?” Raul raised his eyebrow at the man. In an attempt to throw off anyone who may be following them on their trip, Raul called ahead and had a room reserved under Mercedes’ name, and one under an alias he often used while working for clients. Since the first night they spent together, Raul and Mercedes shared rooms, which worked for him for other reasons, but it also was beneficial for Mercedes’ safety. Apparently, now someone had tried to track down the dummy reservation that he made under Mercedes’ name.

“What happened?” he asked in a no-nonsense tone; his instincts on high alert.

“Well, they never actually made it to the room, but one of our staff found that someone tried to break into our computerized guest list using a virus. It was relatively easy to thwart, but we were able to read the encryption of the name they were looking for. It was for a Mercedes Holmes, the same name you reserved a room under. Our team is trying to track down the source of the virus, but we’re running into some trouble. Though the virus wasn’t sophisticated enough to infiltrate our system, sourcing it has still been a problem,” the head of security stated, a frown marring his peach-colored face.

“Damn it,” Raul cursed under his breath. He didn’t want to leave Mercedes alone to head to the hotel’s security office. He knew he and his team could easily source the originator of the virus, but he would need access to the security’s system. He and Mercedes were scheduled to leave first thing in the morning. He didn’t want to leave her or alert her if there wasn’t any cause to. He quickly thought of a plan to get the information he needed while simultaneously keeping Mercedes in the dark.

“Is there a way for your team to send me the information you have?” Raul asked. “That way, I could analyze the information from my Atlanta office and if necessary send another one of my team members back to Chicago to meet with the security team.”

“Yes, sir. We can send you what we’ve found so far while still continuing our investigation.”

“Okay, good. I can begin looking at it tonight, and pass it along to my team. Is everything ready for our check-out in the morning?” Raul asked wanting to make sure they wouldn’t need to check out in the morning.

“Yes, sir. You’re pre-check out is already taken care of. And your car will be here at 7:30 sharp to take you and Ms. Holmes to the airport.”

“Thank you for all your help,” Raul told the man before discussing a few more details of the attempted security breach and then heading into the room. As he entered the room, Mercedes was just coming out of the bathroom, a plush white towel wrapped around her wet body, and her hair pulled up into a messy bun on top of her head. She smiled at him as she went to retrieve her mango scented body butter from the night stand. He loved watching as she propped her leg up on the bed and began smearing the off-white cream up and down her smooth legs. He let his tongue graze his lower lip.

“Who was that at the door?” she asked offhandedly, as she continued to rub the butter into her leg until it disappeared. She switched legs, propping the other one up and repeating the same motion.

He barely even heard the question as he watched her hand move up her creamy thighs closer to her hip.

“Hello? Raul?” she called

“Hmm?” he answered distracted.

“I asked you ‘who was that at the door?’”

“Security,” he responded absentmindedly. He caught himself when he saw her body stiffen and she focused her attention on him.

“Did something happen?” The worried look on her face made him mentally kick himself for his gaffe. He hated seeing that look on her face and was determined to erase it. He’d deal with the consequences later.

“No, they just came to tell us everything was complete with our early check-out. We are scheduled to leave at 7:30 tomorrow morning. Now we don’t have to worry about stopping by the front desk,” he hoped that explanation appeased her.

“I didn’t realize security does that sort of thing. Wouldn’t someone from the front desk handle that?” she asked still wondering if this had something to do with whoever was stalking her.

Raul decided to give her a half-truth, “Usually yes, but since I spoke with security and have a working relationship with this hotel, the front desk runs all their inquiries through the head of security. It’s just a precaution.” It wasn’t a complete lie, but even so, his gut tightened at the fact that’d he was keeping her in the dark about this. There were other things she didn’t know he was keeping from her as well. It was for her safety, he reasoned with himself, as he walked over to her and pressed his lips to her forehead. He moved down to placing his face in the crook of her neck and inhaled. It smelled like the butter cream she’d resumed rubbing on herself and a smell that was sweet with a hint of spice, a smell that was all Mercedes. He’d come to memorize that smell as it was embedded in all his bed sheets. As far as he was concerned, he could wake up to that smell every day.

“Care for another shower?” He asked, his hand gliding in between the edges of the towel, rubbing circles in her thigh.

“Mmm,” she moaned, letting her head fall back, “I just got out of the shower,” she said, just above a whisper.

Raul let his lips graze hers before speaking. “But you’re going to need another one soon. I plan on doing some very dirty things to you over the next few hours,” he growled deeply in her ear.

“Hou--oooohh,” Mercedes moaned as he inserted a finger into her already damp pussy. For the rest of the night, Mercedes forgot all about security and check-out times.





Chapter 11


As they ate breakfast in the backyard, Raul asked, “You ready for today?” It had been two days since they returned from Chicago, and the morning they arrived home, Mercedes got an email from Ron Sherman. They were holding a committee hearing on whether to reinstate Mercedes to her job as assistant principal. There were about four weeks until the beginning of the next school year, and Mercedes had a number of performances, the final major one being at the New Orleans Burlesque Festival. She’d gone for the past few years. They would be staying in New Orleans for a week, taking in shows, and Mercedes had three performances scheduled for that week. Nikola and Devyn were even going to meet the pair in the city to hang out for a few days. But first, Mercedes and Raul were attending her committee hearing today to find out if she had a job to return to or not. Raul could sense her nervousness. Mercedes, dressed in a coral pencil skirt, white chiffon top and white blazer fidgeted a little in her seat.

“I’m as ready as I can be,” she let out a humorless laugh, “You know what’s funny? I had begun questioning if this career was for me, you know? Like if working in education was my destiny forever, but having the threat of it being taken away, I realize how much it means to me. I mean, I love performing, and if I wanted I could probably perform full-time, but I enjoy the balance education and performing provide in my life. I’m not just Mercedes Holmes the assistant principal or Black Dahlia burlesque dancer. I’m both.”

Raul pushed a loose curl behind her ear and let his finger graze along the lower line of her jaw. “Then be both,” he said looking into the brown pools of her eyes. He felt his stomach turn with a feeling he’d never felt before looking into her eyes. When she smiled at him and placed a light kiss on his hand that had been stroking her face, his heart nearly tumbled out of his chest and right on her lap. He was hers for the taking and he hoped she knew it.

“I will,” she smiled at him. “I just want this to be over.” For a second he thought she was referring to the committee hearing, until he realized she was referring to this whole ordeal. She was tired of living under the threat of someone stalking her. He still hadn’t told her about what happened in Chicago. He had his team working on the source of the attempted security breach. After some work by his team, they found out that the source of the break-in originated in Chicago. Raul had casually asked Mercedes if she knew anyone in the city, outside of the burlesque world, and she told him she didn’t. The more they found out, the more Raul speculated whoever this was, was someone in her burlesque circle. Someone she’d beaten in a competition, perhaps? Or someone who believed she didn’t belong? He wasn’t sure, but he was working to find out.

“It will be over. We’ll get whoever is doing this,” he reassured her.

“You don’t still think it could be Sharon do you?” she asked about her ex-girlfriend. Raul thought she may have something to do with this when his team couldn’t locate her in the Savannah apartment she’d lived in while dating Mercedes. She hadn’t left a forwarding address. It took his team a little while to track her down, but they did.

Raul shook his head. “We found her. She’s living in Southern California.” Raul actually had a Skype call with Sharon the day before.

“California? What’s she doing there?” Mercedes asked, perplexed.

“Her mother moved out there a few years ago, and she’s fallen ill. Sharon moved in with her to take care of her,” Raul stated. Mercedes’ hand flew to her mouth. It’d been awhile since she spoken to Sharon, but she was saddened to hear of her mother being ill. She wondered why she hadn’t seen Sharon at the usual burlesque shows this year.

“Is she going to be okay? Her mother, I mean?” Mercedes asked.

Raul lifted his shoulder in a shrug. “I’m not sure, Querida. She’s pretty sick.” Raul had his team verify Sharon’s claims through electronic medical records. Legally, he couldn’t tell her his team hacked Sharon’s mother’s medical records, but it’d confirmed Sharon’s story.

“Do you have her address?” Raul pulled back looking at Mercedes. He wondered if she was thinking of trying to visit her.

“Her address?”

Mercedes nodded, “Yes, I would like to send her flowers or something. She’s an only child, so I know it’s got to be hard seeing her mother so ill. She and I aren’t exactly friends, but she is someone I cared for when we were dating.”

Raul nodded. He understood. Mercedes may have her hang-ups about commitment-and he’d definitely picked up on that, but she was a good woman with a kind heart.

“Yes, I have her address. We can even stop by the flower shop after the committee hearing, if you’d like,” he promised. His heart leapt again at the smile she gave him. What he wouldn’t give to wake up to that smile every morning.

Wait...what?

He’d been having that thought more and more lately.

“Let’s go,” he said standing abruptly, helping Mercedes to her feet from her seat. They swiftly loaded their breakfast dishes in the dishwasher and made their way out the door to the meeting.

****

Mercedes sat at the end of the long table in one of the conference rooms in the school building. Around the table sat, Ron, Superintendent Walters, and three members of the board of directors, who’d Mercedes had been introduced to at previous events. Mercedes couldn’t read the looks on the older men’s faces. When she and Raul first entered the room, they’d briefly greeted her and took their seats. Raul sat off to the side of the room, as an observer. When they first entered the room, one of the men, known as Mr. Roberts, tried to tell him to sit outside, but Raul hastily disavowed him of that notion. Mercedes felt a deep sense of gratitude for Raul’s protection, even though she knew she wasn’t in danger from the people in this room. Just his presence, knowing she had someone in her corner, literally and figuratively, helped her confidence. She unconsciously looked over at Raul for reassurance and he winked at her and nodded ever so slightly. His non-verbal way of telling her everything would be okay. He did the same move whenever she was on stage and she glanced at him. Though she never got nervous on stage anymore, just his little reassurances gave her a more ebullient step while performing. It did the same thing now and she knew she had to say something.

Mercedes cleared her throat. “I’d like the opportunity to say something before you make your ruling,” she stated, head held up proudly.

The board of director’s members looked at one another and then one nodded to Superintendent Walters. Finally, she spoke, giving Mercedes the floor, “Yes, Ms. Holmes, you may have your say.”

Confidently, Mercedes pushed back her chair and stood, wanting to be able to peer at each person at the table while speaking.

“First, I’d like to say it has been a privilege to work at this school for the last seven years. The first five I spent in the classroom shaping young minds, and the last two on the administration side being able to shape our curriculum and mentor young teachers. It is a job I always took seriously and would never do anything to disrespect. As you all have recently discovered, in addition to my career in education, I also work as a burlesque dancer and have for a number of years. Dancing and performing is a passion of mine and I love it as much as I love molding our students’ minds. I have never and would never do anything to jeopardize my career as an educator. I recently questioned whether or not I wanted to continue on this career path. I believed that I maybe saw it as a safe career track. I toyed with the idea of working burlesque full-time, but I have come to the conclusion that I love my career. Teaching, education, and watching young children accomplish dreams they never knew they had, fills my heart with joy, and it would hurt me to the core of my being to not be able to do that. I want to keep my job. I have a lot more work to do here,” Mercedes paused, looking pointedly at each individual at the table. She couldn’t see him, but somehow she knew Raul was watching her with pride and inwardly smiling.

“I want to keep my job, but I won’t do it at the expense of my burlesque career either,” she continued noticing the surprised looks of the people at the table. Apparently, they were stunned to find out she had no intention of throwing herself at their mercy. No matter how much she wanted her career, she wouldn’t compromise herself. “I am an educator, but I’m also a performer. I love performing as much as I love teaching. I am talented and skilled at both, and I plan to continue to do both, whether that is here or at a different school. I’m sorry if some of the parents have a hard time with that, but I am an adult who has a life outside of these walls. I have found a balance in my life and I enjoy it. I won’t apologize for any of it,” she paused, once again looking around the table, “Thank you,” she concluded her speech and sat back down.

For a full minute there was silence in the room as the committee looked at one another around the table. Mercedes was no longer concerned with reading their faces. She’d meant every word she’d said. She knew she was a talented educator and could find another position at a different school. It would be tough leaving her colleagues and the students she’d mentored since starting at the school, but she would do it if she had to.

“Thank you for those words, Mercedes,” Ron was the first to speak. “We will need a few minutes to discuss among ourselves. If you don’t mind can you and, uh, your guest please have a seat in the outer office?” Superintendent Walters interjected looking between Mercedes and Raul.

The two stood, and without hesitation, Raul wrapped his arm around her waist, opening the door for her. With her back to the room, Mercedes missed the hard glare Raul sent over his shoulder at those remaining seated in the conference room, but they didn’t miss it.

“You can be my teacher anytime, Querida,” he said pulling her into his warm embrace once the door closed behind them. She wrapped her arms around his strong back and let her head rest on his shoulder, not caring if anyone saw them.

“Thank you,” she nearly whispered.

“For what? I didn’t do anything.”

“Yes, you did,” she said pulling him in even tighter. She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. No matter the committee’s ruling she would be all right.

A few hours later Raul and Mercedes entered his home in good spirits. Mercedes had been reinstated to her position as assistant principal, and to celebrate Raul took her to have lunch with Iris, the woman he called his second mother. Right after the committee meeting, he kept his promise and took Mercedes to a local flower shop where she ordered a bouquet of calla lilies along with a box of chocolates to have delivered to Sharon in California. She’d written a card, wishing Sharon’s mother well and offering any help if Sharon needed it. Now they were at Iris’, who had moved into Nikola’s condo he’d vacated when he married Devyn. Iris completely redid the condo, with all modern style furnishings. She chose an array of off-white and cream colored furniture and accents to decorate the condo. The natural lighting from the floor-to-ceiling windows combined with the colors gave the condo a very open and warm feeling. The feeling of the condo mimicked Iris’ welcoming demeanor. Though Mercedes had met Iris on numerous occasions, she’d never been to Iris’ home. Iris was her usual lively self, showing Mercedes around her home, asking her about her alter-ego, Black Dahlia. At first, Mercedes was a little uncomfortable talking to the older woman about her performing, until Iris pulled out an old photo album showing pictures of her decked out in fishnet stockings, pasties, feather headwear and very little else. Seeing the pictures and hearing Iris talk about her years on the burlesque circuit intrigued Mercedes. They spent more than two hours talking about Iris’ time as a dancer, choosing the right costume, the Black Kitty, and up and coming performers on the circuit now. And through it all, Raul sat and listened, laughed when Iris and Mercedes made jokes, and even asked a number of questions that let Mercedes know he was actually paying attention.

During their lunch of lobster bisque, arugula salad and rosemary and garlic focaccia bread, the trio continued to talk. Mercedes knew she could never have this type of conversation with her own mother, and certainly not her father. Her parents would tell her how no man would want her for being a whore and taking her clothes off for money. Her father would remind her of the usual Bible verses he quoted her throughout her childhood, to shame her for some perceived indiscretion. He’d admonish her for a while, put her on punishment, and then a few hours later he’d be out the door to meet one of the many women he was having an affair with. And her mother would, once again, be left behind to go to bed alone at night waiting for her husband to return. Mercedes wasn’t aware of the way the sides of her mouth turned down into a frown as she thought of her parents and her father’s hypocrisy. But she did notice when she felt Raul staring at her, as his hand slid around hers. He squeezed a little.

“Are you okay?” He asked in a voice laced with concern. Iris remained quiet, taking in the couple in front of her.

Mercedes forced thoughts of her own family from her head and smiled, “Yes, I’m sorry. I got a little distracted, but I’m all right. I’m sorry Iris, I didn’t mean to come off rude,” she said looking over at Iris.

“Think nothing of it, sweetie. I know Raul has been helping you with some safety issues you’ve been having. I’m so sorry you are going through that, but trust and believe our Raul will get to the bottom of it. He’s the best at what he does,” Iris said proudly. Mercedes saw the love shining in Iris’ eyes as she spoke about Raul. Mercedes could tell Iris loved Raul like she had given birth to him.

“I know he is.” Mercedes had let the words slip before she could catch herself. Iris’ laser sharp focus was on Mercedes’ hand as it still rested in Raul’s larger hand. She was pleased when he brought her hand to his lips for a kiss. She was even more pleased to see Mercedes’ features soften into a look of admiration, desire and….love?

She looked at Raul’s face and saw the near identical look on his face.

It took Iris a mere thirty seconds after Mercedes and Raul left her condo, to dial the number for Rosaline in Brazil. They had a lot to discuss, like whether the wedding should take place in Brazil or Atlanta, because Iris was sure that’s where this was headed.

****

“Raul, this is beautiful. I think it might be too much,” Mercedes said as she looked down into the Mississippi River from their hotel suite. For Mercedes’ final burlesque trip of the summer, Raul wanted to do something special for her. Instead of keeping the reservation at the original hotel Mercedes usually stayed at, he’d made a reservation at the upscale Hotel Monteleone. The room was exquisite offering a large living room area as soon as you walked in. The room was furnished with a plush light colored couch, a couple of floral accented chairs, a flat screen television and a large window that provided viewing of the Mighty Mississippi. But as spacious and accommodating as the living room area was, the bedroom was even more opulent. A king sized bed sat at the center of the room, with more windows allowing for a greater view of the river and the city of New Orleans. Booking this suite allowed Raul to kill two birds with one stone. First, after what happened in Chicago he didn’t want to risk her stalker getting too close to her again. Second, he wanted to do something special for her at the end of their summer of traveling. Raul had become so concerned about keeping Mercedes safe, he’d even thought of asking her to consider skipping this trip altogether, but knew he couldn’t do it. Mercedes talked about getting to New Orleans all summer. It was one of the biggest events in the burlesque world. All the top burlesque performers were expected to be there, including Ditta Von Teese. After months of living in the shadow of a stalker, Raul couldn’t deprive Mercedes of this special trip, so he improvised. He didn’t bother to tell her that the room was of no cost to him because his father’s company had a standing reservation with the hotel. Nor, did he tell her about the security team he had assigned to them for their time in New Orleans. He went so far as to hire a few outside contractors he worked with to ensure that someone would always be watching their back as they were out and about in the city.

“It’s not nearly enough for you, Querida,” he said coming up behind her, pulling her back against his chest, and placing a kiss in the crook of her neck. He instantly felt her relax into her embrace.

“What does that even mean?” She asked.

“What?”

“Querida. You always call me it. I figured it was Portuguese because I’ve never heard it before. What does it mean?” Raul smiled. He’d been calling ‘querida’ for months. It just felt as natural as calling her by her name.

“It’s just a term of endearment, like ‘sweetie’ or ‘baby’ in English,” he explained.

Mercedes nodded and turned, looking up at him. “Oh, is that right? So, am I your ‘sweetie’ or ‘baby’?” She asked. Raul stared down into her upturned face.

“Yes, you are my Querida.” Raul felt her arms tighten around his waist as she laid her head against his chest. From that angle he could see the smile that passed over her face.

Later that evening the couple opted to dine at the hotel’s Criollo Restaurant. As they entered the restaurant, Mercedes spotted Jazmine, a regular performer from the Black Kitty. She dined with an older woman.

“Hey, there’s Jazmine,” Mercedes told Raul at the same time the other woman looked up at the same time. She smiled and waved at Mercedes causing the older woman she was with to turn around.

“Let’s go say hi while we wait,” she said grabbing Raul’s arm. They had booked a private dining space that the restaurant staff was still readying for them.

“Hi, Jazmine,” Mercedes said as they reached her table. Jazmine stood and greeted Mercedes with a brief hug and shook hands with Raul upon introduction. She’d met him before at the club, but it was a brief encounter.

The older woman raised an eyebrow. “Jazmine?” she asked. Mercedes forgot that most of the dancers at the Black Kitty didn’t go by their actual names at the club, mostly using their stage names with one another.

“Aunt Ruth, this is the performer I was telling you about, Black Dahlia. We all usually go by our stage names at the club,” Jazmine explained to her aunt. Jazmine’s full stage name was Jazmine Noir, but her actual name was Stacey Coleman.

“It’s nice to meet you, ma’am. You can call me Mercedes. That’s my government name,” Mercedes joked and the table laughed. “This is Raul,” she introduced, and Raul shook hands with both the women.

“We didn’t want to interrupt, we’re waiting for our table and I just saw Jazmine and wanted to say hello.”

“Oh, it’s no interruption. Sit and have a drink with us while you wait,” Jazmine encouraged. “And since we’re not at the club, you can call me Stacey. That’s my government name,” she said smiling.

Raul pulled out a chair for Mercedes and sat in a seat across from her. The waiter came and took their drink orders. Mercedes ordered a white wine, and Raul got a scotch on the rocks.

“I didn’t know you were performing here Ja-uh Stacey,” Mercedes said as she sipped from her glass.

Stacey shook her head. “I’m not, but I’ve wanted to come for a few years now just to watch. This year, my aunt was finally able to take the trip with me,” Stacey said nodding towards her Aunt Ruth.

“Yup, we’re here for the shows, the crawfish, and the beignets,” Aunt Ruth said excitedly, and the table laughed. After another ten minutes of light banter and conversation, the hosts came to let Raul and Mercedes know their dining space was ready.

“Well, thank you for letting us crash your dinner. Hopefully, we’ll get a chance to meet up with one another again before either of us leaves,” Mercedes said, standing.

“That sounds nice. Here let me give you my cell. Stacey jotted down her cell number on a napkin and handed it to Mercedes.

“Enjoy your dinner and the rest of your night,” Stacey’s aunt smiled as the pair left following the host.

****

“You didn’t know she was going to be here?” Raul asked as they sat down to their table in the private dining room.

Mercedes shook her head, “No, but it was nice to see her.”

Raul nodded, “And you didn’t tell anyone where you were staying, right?”

Mercedes looked up at Raul confused. “How could I tell anyone? I didn’t even know we were staying here until we arrived, remember?” She asked getting curious. Raul had kept their hotel reservation a secret from everyone including her. Mercedes was starting to feel like he was holding something back from her.

“Is something the matter?” She asked. “And don’t lie to me,” she told him straightforward.

“And you haven’t told anyone since we’ve been here, right?” He asked ignoring her last statement.

“No, Raul. I haven’t told anyone. I haven’t even talked to anyone else,” she said growing tension in her voice.

“Okay,” he said blowing out a breath. Mercedes felt whatever he was preparing to say she wasn’t going to like.

“When we were in Chicago, there was an attempted security breach,” he stated calmly.

“What kind of security breach?”

“Someone tried to hack into the hotel’s guest list and get the room number you were staying in. They weren’t successful and security immediately came and told me. Even if they found your name on the guest list, they would have had the wrong room. I placed your name on the list as a decoy, and booked the room we actually stayed in under an alias. You were never in any danger,” Raul took a moment to let what he’d just said sink in, before telling her more. He figured if he was going to be upfront he might as well tell the whole truth.

“There’s more,” he said. Mercedes peered at him intently, waiting for him to finish. “There’ve been letters. Your stalker has been sending letters to your PO Box for the past few months. My team has been intercepting them,” he explained.

“What do the letters say?” She asked.

Raul didn’t want to say the vile filth that was contained in the letters. They were filled with threats of violence and innuendos blaming her for the destruction of a family. Raul had spoken with all her recent exes, and even some from her past. None of them had been married or even had children. Mercedes was definitely nobody’s homewrecker, so he couldn’t understand how this person blamed her for the breakup of a family.

“You don’t need to know about that,” he tried to mollify her.

“Don’t need to know?” She asked incredulous.

“Mercedes calm down.”

As soon as the words left his mouth he knew he’d made a mistake. Any man knows that telling a woman to calm down when she became agitated often had the opposite effect.

“Don’t tell me to calm the fuck down. I’m the one who’s being sent threatening letters! What if this sicko had gotten my room number in Chicago? Why didn’t you tell me? God, I’m so sick of this shit, why won’t this asshole just leave me the hell alone?” she asked a mix of fear, anger and frustration in her eyes.

Raul watched as her eyes glossed over. He had expected this. He’d worked with a number of stalking victims, and they all had their breaking point. The fear of being the target of someone, not knowing how or why they chose you, or how to make them stop can become unbearable. Many cracked under the psychological strain, even becoming physically ill due to the stress. So far, Mercedes had been a trooper. Raul knew she was strong but even those of us who were strong needed a shoulder to lean on when things got too overwhelming. He stood and made his way around the table, pulling Mercedes out of her chair. He pulled her in close. She tried to pull away, but he wouldn’t let her. Eventually, she gave up and let herself be held. She sniffled a few times into his chest as he embraced her. Raul didn’t know how long they stood like that, him providing the emotional comfort she needed. When their waiter came in to take their orders, Raul waved him off, as he continued to hold on to Mercedes.

“I won’t let anything happen to you,” he whispered into her ear, over and over again. When he felt her body relax, and her sniffles lessen he pulled back to look down at her. Her eyes were reddened from the tears she shed. He picked up a napkin from the table and dabbed at her cheeks to wipe the tears away, before handing it to her to let her wipe her face and blow her nose. He tilted her chin to make her look up at him.

“I won’t let anything happen to you. You’re safe. Okay? This will be over soon,” he promised. It was a promise he was dead set on keeping. Her lips quirked up into a brief smile.

“Thank you. I’m so--”

He growled in a warning, halting the apology on her lips. “Don’t you dare apologize. You’ve been through a lot in the last few months. It’s a lot for anybody, and you’ve handled it better than most.” He palmed her face in his hands and placed a kiss on her forehead. “I promise you’re safe with me. This trip will be everything you expected it to be and more, and when we get home I will find this person once and for all. And when I do, they will regret the day they ever tried to fuck with you,” he said menacingly. Raul leaned down and took her lips in a powerful kiss that by the end had both of them panting. Mercedes gave him that smile that always brought out his protective instincts.

“Thank you,” she whispered her lips grazing his. It took every ounce of strength he had not to rip her clothes off right then and there, but he showed restraint. Stepping back, he pulled Mercedes’ chair out for her to sit, before returning back to his own seat. The waiter re-entered the room a few minutes later and took their orders. While they waited for their meals, Raul continued to reassure Mercedes, telling her of the security detail he hired for this trip, and reminding her that Nikola and Devyn were joining them in a couple days. He knew she was looking forward to seeing Devyn after spending almost the entire summer apart. Minutes later the two were feasting. It was almond crusted speckled trout for Mercedes and grilled Angus sirloin for Raul. He managed to bring an upbeat mood to the conversation when he asked about the different sights Mercedes was looking to seeing while here. She smiled and told him that one thing she really wanted to do, that she’d never gotten a chance to do before was a swamp tour. Raul was game, and made a mental note to check out swamp tours and run them past his security team, right after he assigned his team to get him information on one Stacey Coleman. Raul was a man who readily didn’t believe in coincidences. He just wanted to make sure that Stacey Coleman and her aunt were on the up and up, and their surprise run-in was actually a surprise and not planned. Stacey’s connection to the Black Kitty gave her access to Mercedes while at the club, and she likely knew of Mercedes’ performances around the country. Raul was nothing if not thorough when it came to doing his job, and he was even more resolute in keeping the woman he loved safe.

Sometime around the time he’d heard Mercedes deliver her speech to the committee members of her school, the small piece of his heart that she didn’t already possess, up and fled from his chest and fell right into her hands. His entire heart and soul was hers. He’d loved women in the past, but nothing like this. This woman was the one for him. Now, he just had to convince her of the same thing, and keep her safe while doing it.





Chapter 12


“Dev, you look gorgeous!” Mercedes exclaimed as Devyn and Nikola entered their hotel suite. Their friends were staying in the same hotel in another one of the luxury suites. They would only be there for two nights, having just returned from their long stay in Brazil. They’d left their twin boys with Iris in Atlanta. Devyn was dressed in a pair of teal colored shorts, paired with an orange sleeveless top, and a wide, light tan belt, that cinched at the waist. She was glowing, and it wasn’t just the outfit or her tan, but Mercedes couldn’t put her finger on it.

“Thank you, but you are rocking that dress,” Devyn returned. Mercedes, herself was dressed in a form-fitting, black and blue summer dress with a peek-a-boo cut out, that showed a bit of cleavage. The dress stopped a few inches above the knee, showing off Mercedes long, toned legs, accentuated by the four inch, peep-toe ankle boots she wore with the dress. The women embraced as Nikola and Raul greeted one another, and placed kisses on the women’s cheeks in greeting. Nikola and Devyn arrived in New Orleans only an hour earlier. Tonight, the quartet were doing one of the local dinner cruises on the Mississippi River. Raul’s security team had already checked out the cruise to make sure there were no security issues. Before she knew what was happening, Mercedes felt herself being pulled towards the bedroom by Devyn.

“Where are you two going?” Nikola asked both women, but was staring at his wife.

“To the bedroom, we need to catch up. Don’t worry, babe, we’ve got plenty of time before our reservation,” Devyn said over her shoulder. “I’m sure you and Raul want to catch up too,” she finished saying.

“Not really,” both men said at the same time, jokingly. Both Mercedes and Devyn rolled their eyes at the two men.

Once inside the bedroom, Devyn immediately started with the questions. “So, how are you? Is everything okay?” she asked, worriedly. The two had corresponded via email over the last few weeks, so Devyn knew about most of the latest updates regarding Mercedes’ stalker.

“I’m fine. I had a mini-breakdown last night, but Raul held me through it,” Mercedes sighed, remembering how safe she felt in his arms. Devyn raised an eyebrow.

“Well a mini-breakdown is to be expected. You’ve gone through a lot in the last few months. But tell me more about Raul ‘holding you through it’.”

Mercedes shrugged. “I don’t know what to say. I’ve told you how close we’ve gotten in the last few months. Shit, the man opened his home up to me. He’s sweet and charming, but aggressive at the right moments. I feel safe and cared for when I’m around him. Aw hell, I’m starting to sound like you gushing over your hus-” Mercedes stopped short realizing she just compared her relationship with Raul to Devyn and Nikola’s. That can’t be, Devyn was deeply in love with Nikola, and if it’s one thing Mercedes didn’t do it was love. She didn’t miss the surprised look on Devyn’s face.

“Don’t even start that shit, Dev,” she said warning her friend.

Devyn threw her hands up defensively. “I didn’t say anything. You did all the talking.”

“Yeah, but I know what you’re thinking and I want you to cut that out right now.”

“Oh really, what am I thinking, then?” Devyn countered.

“You’re thinking that over the last two-and-a-half months, I’ve fallen head-over-heels in love with Raul and it’s time to start the wedding planning, but you’re wrong. Give up those silly little notions. I mean, yes, he’s really smart and charming, and the sex if off the charts hot! Just one look instantly makes my panties wet. He’s supportive and encouraging, and underneath all the looks and charm and hell, money, he has one of the biggest hearts of anyone you’ll ever meet. He seems trustworthy and devoted to family values, which is important to me given my family background, and…” Mercedes trailed off. She looked up at Devyn who wore a smug grin on her face.

“And maybe, just maybe, you more than like him,” Devyn finished Mercedes’ sentence.

“Shit!” Mercedes said falling onto the bed, next to Devyn.

“Look, Little Miss Commitment Phobe, maybe you don’t have to figure it all out now. Maybe you can just be honest enough with yourself to admit that you like-excuse me, more than like him, and figure the rest out along the way.” Mercedes glanced over at her best friend.

“When the hell did you get so good at giving relationship advice?” she asked flippantly.

Devyn offered a smile. “Since that tall, sexy half-Greek out there made me his. But, even before him, I had a best friend who let me cry on her shoulder through one of the worst break-ups of my life,” Devyn said referring to Mercedes being there for her after her break-up with her emotionally abusive ex. “I’m just trying to return the favor,” Devyn winked and pulled Mercedes in for a hug. The two women spent a few more minutes catching up, and discussing upcoming plans for the fall. Devyn was planning to start a part-time event-planning business. She told Mercedes all about her plans to drum up business, and how she already had a list of inquiries resulting from her previous work as Andre-Nikola’s younger brother’s assistant, and having worked on the company’s annual Memorial Day Ball. Mercedes told Devyn about being taken off leave, and the plans she already had for the curriculum for the school year. Mercedes anticipated on beginning her planning for the school year as soon as she returned to Atlanta.

“Despite all this with the stalker, you look happy, Cedes,” Devyn said calling Mercedes by her nickname.

Mercedes sighed. “In spite of this crazy person harassing me, I actually am happy,” she smiled, realizing how true that statement was.

****

“I had my team expedite a report on her,” Raul told Nikola, as they sat on the couch in the suite’s living room. He’d spoken with his team the night before and told Lorenzo to get all the information he could find on Stacey Coleman by the morning. What he found in her file told a bit of a tragic tale, but everything looked on the up and up as far as her being ruled out as Mercedes’ stalker.

“And?” Nikola raised his eyebrow, as he leaned back with his arm up on the couch.

“She’s not our girl. She’s got some history, but everything checks out. Oh guess what, we know her sister,” Raul told Nikola.

Nikola raised an eyebrow in confusion.

“Coleman,” Raul said in response to Nikola’s silent question. After a few seconds of pondering, realization settled over his features.

“That Coleman?” he asked.

Raul nodded. “The one and only. It was buried pretty deep, but my guys found it.”

“Small world,” Nikola said raising his glass to his lips. Raul simply nodded his head in agreement. Both men had previously worked with Stacey’s sister while they were in the military. Raul had a few run-ins with her since then through his security firm. Both had an immense amount of respect for the woman.

“Anyway, I still think there’s a connection between the club and the stalker. I’m not about to let Mercedes perform there until we find this son of a bitch,” Raul said, the mounting frustration in his voice.

Nikola didn’t miss Raul’s emotion. “Well if you don’t think it’s safe for Mercedes performing there, I don’t want Devyn there either.”

Raul looked up at his friend. “Oh yeah, how are you going to convince her not to perform until we catch this person?”

Raul watched as Nikola’s lips spread into that silly smile he got when he thought of his wife. “I can be very persuasive when it comes to my wife,” Nikola stated, confidently.

“I bet you can be,” Raul chuckled shaking his head.

“But you’re convinced her stalker is a woman? You think a performer at the club?” Nikola asked.

“Yeah, the writing in the letters, the break-in and spray paint, all point to someone who is envious of Mercedes. Who wants what she has, and those type of stalkers tend to be the same gender as their victims. So yeah, I’m convinced it’s a woman. She targeted two important aspects of Mercedes’ life, her burlesque performing and her career. I feel like now I’m waiting on the other shoe to drop,” Raul said contemplatively. He knew that these types of stalkers targeted important aspects of their victim’s lives. Mercedes’ stalker went after her as a performer and Mercedes as a career woman. Raul believed their next move would be to target either Mercedes’ friends or her family. These stalkers didn’t necessarily harm their victims’ family and friends, but they would often make threats or bring them into the fold some way. It was the stalker’s way of maintaining control over their victim’s lives. Raul sighed heavily as he thought about Mercedes’ family. She’d talked more about her brother and an aunt of hers than her parents. She told him, she wasn’t particularly close with her parents because they had rather conservative views. He’d had his team compose a file on her family. He knew her mother was a dedicated stay-at-home wife and mother, her brother was a successful accountant at a big accounting firm in Houston, but her father? Her father was a preacher of a rather large African-American church in the Houston area, but his outside activities didn’t often coincide with the messages he delivered from the pulpit. Raul didn’t wonder if her father’s infidelities had anything to do with Mercedes’ fear of commitment, he already knew they did.

Raul and Nikola spent a few more minutes talking about safety concerns before changing the subject to other matters. Raul told Nikola about lunch with his mother a few days prior, and Nikola shared having spent time with Raul’s parents in Rio. Nikola pulled out his phone to show Raul pictures of the boys from their vacation. Looking at the pictures, Raul realized how much he missed home. It’d only been a few months since his last visit, but he craved the feel of the sand between his toes or hearing the steady rhythm of the waves as they broke along the shoreline in the morning. He desired to bring Mercedes on a trip to his beloved country with him. He wanted to see her appreciation for the land he often thought of as magical. He swiped the phone screen and saw the final picture that showed Nikola, Devyn and their two boys, posing on the beach. Raul’s heart lurched in longing to have that. And he wanted it with Mercedes. He looked up to see his best friend staring at him knowingly. Nikola was gracious enough not to say anything, but he knew that look. It was the one he’d had on his face when he realized the depth of his emotions for Devyn.

A few minutes later the two women emerged from the bedroom with smiles and ready to go. The couples took a chauffeured vehicle to the dock where they boarded the steamboat that would take them on a two-hour cruise around the Mississippi River with views of the city. They dined on local seafood, steamed vegetables and cornbread for the first part of their tour. For the second hour, all four stood to watch and dance to the live jazz band that accompanied the tour. Raul and Mercedes stepped out on the deck to get some fresh air. He wrapped his arms around her waist, and she leaned back into him, as they swayed to the music that could still be heard from inside. He swept the braid Mercedes had placed her hair in, to the side and placed a gentle kiss on the side of her neck. She relaxed fully into his embrace and sighed. Content. They spent the remainder of their cruise in that position.





Chapter 13


It was Mercedes’ and Raul’s third full day in New Orleans. They had just seen Nikola and Devyn off, as the couple needed to get back to their two boys in Atlanta. Mercedes had performed for the first time the night before. She gave two performances to a packed audience, which included Devyn and Nikola, and of course, Raul keeping a constant watch on the side of the stage. The entire night had gone off without a hitch, and when she appeared from back stage her friends applauded and congratulated her on a performance well done. Mercedes was elated at the turn out. She was even more overjoyed at having Raul there to share it with. He was more than just a bodyguard, or the man she was fucking regularly. Everything she’d told Devyn the day before was right. He had all the qualities most women would find appealing in a partner and he had a way of making her feel as if she was the most important person in the room. Was it love? Mercedes couldn’t know for sure. It had only been a few weeks that they’d been together. It was too soon to tell if it was love, she thought. Or maybe she was just denying the inevitable. Either way, she knew when she was in his arms it felt right. For now, that was good enough.

On this third day in New Orleans, Mercedes did not have to perform. Raul had set up the reservations for the swamp tour. They spent the day out touring the swamp around New Orleans, seeing alligators emerge as the tour guides encouraged them out of the water with food, and seeing the numerous types of wildlife that resided in marsh. Once the tour ended, the pair strolled the streets of the French Quarter, stopping for lunch of crab cakes and corn on the cob followed up by freshly prepared beignets. Later in the day they did one of the Voodoo tours, where topics such as the Haitian Rebellions, Slavery and the Code Noir in Colonial New Orleans were covered. Raul told Mercedes how much of New Orleans’ culture and history reminded him of Brazil’s history and different cultures. As the tour ended he told Mercedes about Candomble, a Brazilian religion that emerged out of slavery and was a combination of West African religions. Many of the beliefs and traditions of the religion mirrored that of New Orleans Voodoo, which also, was born out of West African religions and beliefs. Once they reached their hotel, the couple opted to shower and order room service for dinner.

An hour later, Mercedes emerged from the bathroom to find the room lit by numerous candles spread throughout the bedroom and living room area. The floor was sprinkled with rose petals as was the bed. Mercedes smiled as she heard the light sounds of Carl Thomas’ Emotional floating through the air. And in the middle of it all, stood a barefoot Raul dressed in a pair of dark jeans and a V-neck that perfectly sculpted his chest and arms.

“What is this?” she asked.

“This is dinner,” he said coming over to her and placing a light kiss on her cheek.

“Finish getting dressed and meet me in the other room for dinner,” he said moving away from her. “I already picked out your outfit on the bed. It’s for easy access,” he said before turning and walking into the living room. On the bed lay one of Mercedes’ strapless summer dresses and nothing else.

Easy access indeed. Mercedes thought as she removed her robe, quickly moisturized her skin, and slipped in the purple dress. She put her hair in a loose chignon, and made her way into the living room. The furniture had been rearranged to make space for the table the waiter brought up. In the center of the circular table sat a bottle of champagne chilling in ice. Raul ordered the chicken breast for himself and vegetable risotto for Mercedes. She walked towards Raul, who held a glass of champagne out to her.

“A toast,” he said, once she took the glass.

“What are we toasting?”

He smiled that mischievous smile. To a great performance last night, a great one tomorrow, and a very fun night tonight,” he said as he clinked his glass to hers. After finishing their glasses, Raul placed them on the table, pulled out the chair for Mercedes, and then seated himself. They ate and talked about Mercedes’ performance the following night. She’d considered paying tribute to her idol, Josephine Baker by doing a rendition of her famous banana skirt dance, but that felt too contrived because it’d been done so many times before. Mercedes herself had even done it a few times. Instead, she opted to pay tribute to another famous black burlesque dancer, the iconic Elizabeth “China Doll” Dickerson. In her act, Dickerson used balloons that were strategically placed around her body, and let the male audience members pop each one. Once all the balloons were popped, she’d run off stage in the nude. Mercedes contemplated letting audience members pop her balloons, but Raul nixed that idea. She speculated it had more to do with jealousy rather than her safety, but she let it go. She’d just pop the balloons herself. Mercedes finished her meal, and placed her fork down. She took another sip of her champagne and looked up to see warm brown eyes staring at her. Instantly, she felt electrified by the intensity of his gaze.

“Finished?” he asked nodding to her plate. Mercedes bobbed her head up and down. “Yes, it was delicious.”

“Good,” he said pushing his chair back, standing and moving to the small speaker that played music from his laptop. He turned up the music. He walked over to her extending his hands towards her. “Dance with me,” he commanded softly.

Placing her hand in his, Mercedes allowed herself to be guided away from the table and pulled in his embrace. He closed his arm around her waist and brought her hand to his lips, before placing it around his neck. Mercedes put her other hand around his neck and leaned into his warmth. They moved to the rhythm of the music for a little while before Raul pulled back.

“You’re so beautiful,” he said, looking at her with such desire in his eyes that it made Mercedes shiver. He pulled her in, taking her lips in a kiss filled with everything he wanted to say to her. Mercedes pressed herself deeper into Raul as his lips continued to take possession of her. As their lips and tongues continued to explore each other’s mouths, Raul walked Mercedes back to their bedroom, stopping at the edge of the bed. He moved back slightly, his lips hovering over hers.

“Do you trust me?” he asked above a whisper. Mercedes, still reeling from the kiss was confused.

“What?” She asked breathless, wanting to feel his lips on hers again.

“Do you trust me?” he asked more forceful this time. Mercedes searched his eyes for what he was really asking. She could see that her answer mattered a great deal to him. She nodded.

“Yes, I trust you,” she said softly, meaning it. Raul brought her in for another kiss, and moved his hand behind his back, pulling out a blindfold he had tucked into his back pocket. He pulled back.

“Close your eyes,” he commanded. Mercedes complied, and then gasped when she felt the blindfold cover her eyes, but she didn’t pull away. Raul secured the blindfold around the back of her head, not too tight, but enough to know that it wouldn’t easily come undone. He placed kisses on Mercedes’ forehead, nose, and mouth moving down to her neck and shoulders. He allowed his hands to gather the ends of her dress so he could access her soft thighs. He made circular motions with his hands on her thighs before moving around to palm her ass cheeks.

“Mmmm,” Mercedes moaned, when he bit her earlobe. He moved back to her mouth, absorbing the end of her moan in his. He let one hand trail back around to her front and graze over the hood of her pussy. Mercedes automatically parted her legs to grant him access, but Raul was not ready to go there yet. He moved his hands to the top of her dress, and slowly pulled it down, letting it pool at her feet. He picked Mercedes up in his arms and moved to the side of the bed, kneeling down to place her in the middle. Grabbing her arms overhead, he straddled her naked body before leaning down and whispering in her ear.

“They say that when blindfolded your other senses are heightened. Your sense of hearing is increased. Sense of touch is more magnified. Even taste is more intense. You’ll have to let me know if they’re right. Don’t move, Querida. Stay just like this,” he said before rolling off the bed.

****

Mercedes’ body hummed with excitement and arousal. She felt the loss of warmth when Raul moved from the bed. She felt the softness of the rose petals that lay under her body. She tried to figure out where Raul was, when she heard his feet padding along the carpeted floor. A few seconds later, she heard the music turn up, and recognized the opening lines of Kelly Rowland’s Motivation.

Go, go, go, go

Oh lover, don’t you dare slow down

Go longer, you can last more rounds

Push harder, you're almost there now

So go lover, make mama proud

Mercedes gasped when she felt the tip of a rose petal brush along the underside of her foot. She felt the petal move up her legs, the inside of her thighs, up her stomach, where she felt the softness of Raul’s lips kiss her belly button, before he stuck his tongue inside. Wetness instantly pooled in her pussy. Her belly button was a particularly erogenous zone for her. He placed kisses up her stomach, before encircling a nipple with his mouth and letting his hand play with the other. She felt the warmth of skin-to-skin contact, and she knew he was completely naked when she felt his stiff cock pressing in between her thighs.

“Mmmm, Raul,” she cooed when he nipped her nipple and allowed his thumb to make small circles on her clit. Before she became too lost in what he was doing, she once again felt the absence of his warmth as he moved from above her. She almost called out in frustration, but bit her lip instead.

And when we're done, I don’t wanna feel my legs

And when we're done, I just wanna feel your hands all over me baby

but you can’t stop there, music still playin in the background

And you’re almost there

You can do it, I believe in you baby

So close from here

The ending words of the song played is if foreshadowing Raul’s intent for the rest of their night. Mercedes knew he’d chosen that song on purpose. Her body burned-ached to be touched. To feel his hands all over her. She, once again, felt the bed dip.

“Aaahhh,” she cried out, as she felt a freezing cold and wet substance circle her nipple

“Ice, to cool you off, Querida,” Raul’s voice sounded nearly as strained as her body felt. He circled her second nipple with the ice before dragging it down her body. As he crawled down her body, he allowed the ice to melt, stopping to lick along the way. Mercedes thought the ice was completely melted when she only felt his kisses on her belly and his hands part her thighs. She felt Raul’s weight shift as he positioned himself between her legs.

“Aaahhhhh,” she cried, as her back arched up off the bed. She felt the chilling cold sensation of the ice on her pussy lips.

“Ra-Raul pl-please,” she moaned in a strained voice, as his mouth dragged the ice up to her clit, circling it and then down to her pussy, using his tongue and lips to push it in and suck it out of her until it melted completely. He continued to suck and nip at her lips, moving up to her clit. His mouth circled around her clit as he pushed two fingers inside her. Wasting no time, he used his tongue to play with her clit and then curled his finger, angling to reach her g-spot deep inside her walls. When his fingers hit that spot, Mercedes let out a loud moan, releasing her climax, as Raul continued to suck and finger fuck her through it. Panting heavily, she felt Raul’s finger press against her mouth, urging her to open. She obliged, and he stuck his two fingers in, moving them in and out as she sucked her cream off them. Removing his fingers from her mouth, he deftly moved his hands around to the back of her head and untied the blindfold. Taking a few moments to let her eyes adjust to seeing again, she blinked looking up to see Raul hovering over her.

“Et te adoro,” he whispered, as she felt him ease his cock inside her. As soon as Raul’s cock was lodged deep inside her core, Mercedes turned the tables on him. Moving quickly, she reversed their positions, so she was straddling him. She smiled sexily at the surprised look on his face. When Mercedes raised her hips and moved down slowly impaling herself on him, Raul’s expression changed from one of shock to pure ecstasy. She knew he loved when she was on top. Raul’s hands reached around to firmly grip Mercedes’ ass, spurring her on. She bounced on his cock in a rhythm that drove them both wild with passion. Rising slowly then swiveling her hips as she descended, Mercedes threw her head back as the tip of his cock pressed against her g-spot. Raul’s hands gripped her ass even tighter, as he raised his hips to meet Mercedes’.

“Ohh shit, Raul. Fuck,” she panted, planting her hands on his chest. Mercedes looked down into Raul’s eyes and saw such lust and passion and another emotion she was too scared to name. As soon as their eyes made contact, Raul needed to be closer to her. Sitting up so he was seated on the bed, he wrapped Mercedes’ legs around his back. Raul pulled her head down for another scorching kiss. Mercedes pumped her hips on Raul’s cock as his tongue made love to her mouth. He moved his hand around and pressed his thumb to Mercedes’ clit, massaging in the same rhythm his tongue was stroking her mouth. Within minutes Mercedes pulled from Raul’s mouth and buried her head in his neck as her orgasm loomed. She could feel an orgasm so intense coming as her hips continued to move as if they had a mind of their own.

“Rauul, I’m cummmming,” she yelled out. The squeeze of Mercedes’ pussy walls on Raul’s cock sent him over the edge right behind her.

“Eu te amo, querida!” Raul yelled as he came. Mercedes held Raul close as he came. They remained in that seated position for long moments, both overwhelmed by the intensity of their lovemaking. Mercedes let her head rest in the crook of Raul’s neck while he stroked his hand up and down her back in a soothing motion. When they both caught their breaths, Raul moved, turning to deposit Mercedes on the bed and pull himself out of her. On shaky legs, he rose from the bed and went to the bathroom, throwing away the used condom, and retrieving a warm cloth to wipe Mercedes and then himself down. Climbing back into the bed he pulled a half-sleep Mercedes into his arms. She snuggled closer into his arms.

“They were right. The senses are so much more intense when blindfolded,” she said around a yawn.

Raul chuckled. “Tired you out, huh?” He asked cockily.

“Don’t worry, I’ll be ready to go again after some rest,” she said snuggling deeper into his embrace.

“I’m counting on it, Querida,” he said before Mercedes fell into a deep sleep. Raul laid awake for a while longer, just holding Mercedes and listening to her breathing. He’d been shocked at what he yelled to Mercedes in the middle of making love to her. He’d told her he loved her in Portuguese, and he didn’t regret it. He didn’t know if she was ready to hear the words in English, but she’d better be ready soon because he had no intentions of letting this woman go.





Chapter 14


“Ten minutes, Dahlia,” Jazzy, the stage kitten at the New Orleans club Mercedes was performing at, came to tell her.

“Thank you,” she smiled her gratitude and continued to make sure all the balloons were fastened in place.

“How do I look?” she looked up asking Raul.

“Like you should let me take you back to the hotel so we can have a replay of last night...and this morning,” he said seductively. Mercedes was wearing a pair of fishnets, a pair of black lace panties with pink ruffling at the back and a black corset embroidered with pink rhinestones. She’d strategically tied six balloons around her corset and panties. Each time she popped one of the balloons, a piece of her corset came undone. The last balloon would be the one to reveal her nude, except for the pink heart pasties she wore.

She winked at Raul. “After my performance,” she purred. “Right now, it’s show time!” she clapped excitedly. Raul laughed and turned to head out the door. Mercedes dutifully followed. When they reached the stage, she felt energized seeing the crowd. This was the culminating event of the summer. She was pumped to get on stage, and as she looked to her right, she knew Raul’s presence made it even more special.

“Coming to the stage all the way from Atlanta, Black Dahliaaaaa!! Give it up for her ladies and gentlemen!!” The announcer bellowed into the microphone before exiting the stage. The music of Janelle Monae’s Q.U.E.E.N began playing as Mercedes stepped on stage, shimmying across. She swayed and stepped in time to the music, pumping up the crowd as she dipped shaking her shoulders, allowing her cleavage to be seen by those in the front row. Mercedes danced as she felt the power of the words of the song. She’d chosen the song because it spoke to her questions about sexuality and religion. Questions she’d had seeing her father a supposedly devout preacher, admonish her for her budding sexuality as an adolescent, while he cheated on his wife. Mercedes popped the first balloon and the bottom of her corset came undone. She heard the roar of the crowd as they noticed her corset coming undone. She teased them some more as she dropped to her knees and wiggled her hips, popping another balloon. More raucous from the crowd as they saw more skin emerge from behind the corset. Minutes later, Mercedes was down to her final balloon. As the final words of Janelle Monae’s song played, Mercedes popped the last balloon. A cloud of purple glitter burst from the balloon, and when it cleared, Mercedes remained in her panties and pasties, giving the crowd one last shimmy before she fled the stage. The audience members whooped and stomped their feet in admiration.

“Perfeito, Querida!” Raul gushed as Mercedes walked into his arms after exiting the stage.

Perfect.

And that’s exactly how she felt around him, as if she was perfect. Nothing wrong with her. She savored the feel of his embrace and laughed when she pulled back to find him covered in purple glitter just like her. His good-natured laughter warmed her soul. Together they walked back to her dressing room, but their elation would be short-lived.

****

“Boss, we have an issue,” Lorenzo said just above a whisper close to Raul’s ear so Mercedes wouldn’t overhear. It’d been thirty minutes or so after Mercedes’ performance and they were in her dressing room. Raul couldn’t tell Mercedes enough how excellent she was on stage.

For her part, Mercedes was on Cloud 9. She’d enjoyed the last few days, and her performances in New Orleans. She’d never enjoyed the city like this until visiting with Raul. As she dressed, the couple discussed their plans to go out to dinner with Stacey and her aunt that evening. They’d spotted the pair eating breakfast that morning, and they stopped to say hello. Stacey and her aunt invited the two to dinner, before they both departed on their respective flights in the morning. As Mercedes talked about her performance and cleaning up the remnants of the glitter, there was a knock on the door.

Now Lorenzo was telling Raul there was an issue. Raul stepped outside, closing the door behind him.

“What is it?”

“Apparently, there are a Dwayne and Linda Holmes here and they are demanding to see Mercedes.” Raul froze. Dwayne and Linda Holmes were Mercedes’ parents. They lived outside of Houston. What were they doing here?

“Are you sure it’s them?” Raul asked wanting to play it safe.

“Yup, it’s them. I verified myself with my own eyes. They said they’d received a letter a few days ago telling them that Mercedes was performing here. The person sent them tickets to her performance and a note attached,” Lorenzo confirmed.

“What’d it say?” Raul asked.

“See for yourself,” Lorenzo said pulling out the note, he’d gotten from Mercedes’ parents.

The note read: Is this the daughter you raised? It had a half-naked Mercedes performing on stage at the Black Kitty.

“Dammit,” Raul muttered under his breath. He knew this was the work of Mercedes’ stalker. He would do anything to preserve Mercedes’ good mood, but that didn’t look possible. He knew her parents wouldn’t be happy with what they’d just witnessed on stage.

“Give me a minute,” Raul told Lorenzo, before opening the door to the dressing room. Stepping inside, he saw Mercedes was now dressed in a sleeveless floral romper, with her hair falling in curls around her shoulders. She looked beautiful as she smiled and turned towards him.

“This glitter is going to be a bitch to--” she stopped, noticing the somber look on Raul’s face.

“What’s wrong?” she asked her eyebrows furrowing.

“Querida, there are some guests from the performance who want to talk with you,” Raul stated cautiously.

“Guests?” she asked.

“Yes, they were in the audience and saw your performance.”

“I don’t understand.” Mercedes knew Raul did not let anyone visit her in the dressing room. She knew it was a safety precaution, so she couldn’t understand why he was mentioning this to her.

“It’s your parents,” he said finally. He saw the look on Mercedes’ face change from one of confusion to shock to fear in a manner of seconds.

“My parents? H-how do you know?” she asked unbelieving her parents had seen her show.

Raul sighed. “I looked up your parents, just to make sure everything was on the up and up with them. My team knows your whole family. This person stalking you sent tickets of your performance to them a few days ago along with a picture of you mid-performance,” he told her.

Mercedes slumped back against the wall. Just like that, her good mood was deflated. She wrapped her arms around her waist in an effort to guard her emotions. Raul’s heart ached seeing her upset.

“I can send them away. You don’t have to see them,” he consoled, taking a step towards her. He reached around her waist and pulled her close to him.

“Querida, I know you don’t have the best relationship with your parents. If you want me to, just say the word, and I can have them escorted out of here and all the way back to Houston.” Raul wanted her to say yes. To give him the greenlight to get rid of her parents, at least for now, and they could forget this incident ever happened. They’d enjoy their final night in New Orleans and deal with everything else later. But he also knew she wouldn’t.

“I can’t do that,” Mercedes inhaled deeply. “I’ve hidden this part of my life from them for too long. I’m a big girl. I can take whatever they have to say,” she said standing up to her full height and squaring her shoulders.

Raul’s heart swelled with the same pride he had when he saw her defend herself in front of her school’s committee. “Okay, I’ll have them escorted in.” Raul stepped out and told Lorenzo it was okay to bring her parents back. He could see the tension in Mercedes’ body when he returned to the room.

“It’ll be okay, Querida,” he told her as he massaged both her shoulders. She gave him a faint smile of gratitude. About ten minutes later there was a knock on the door.

Time to face the music. Mercedes thought as she watched Raul pull the door open. There stood both her parents. The crinkle in her father’s forehead and his downturned lips told the story of his ire. Behind her father, was Mercedes’ mother, biting her lower lip and gripping the strap of her handbag tightly. Raul observed both their body language. Where Mercedes’ father was clearly irate, her mother appeared to be more nervous and fidgety. When Mercedes’ father started to head towards her, Raul moved to block his path. The older man paused looking up at Raul.

“Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, I am Raul Santiago, a friend of Mercedes,” he introduced himself holding out his hand, but Mercedes’ father was in no mood for introductions. He looked over Raul’s shoulder.

“Mercedes Patrice Holmes,” her father said in his disciplinary tone he used on her as a child. Mercedes took a step forward and placed a hand on Raul’s shoulder, “It’s okay, Raul.” His body relaxed ever so slightly, and he moved to the side, closing the door. He turned and stood with his arms at his side, ready to jump in just in case.

“Young man, I am sure you are needed elsewhere,” her father turned and said to Raul. He wasn’t going anywhere.

“I’m fine right here,” Raul said flatly and folded his arms across his chest.

“Dad, mom, it’s okay. Raul is my friend,” she said wanting to say he was more than a friend.

When her father turned to look back at her she nearly flinched at the disgusted look on his face. “A friend?” he asked mockingly, “A friend who lets you get on stage and whore yourself for hundreds of people? What type of friend is that?” Her father roared. Raul took a menacing step towards Mercedes’ father, but was cut off by Mercedes’ mother.

“Dwayne, please. We can talk calmly about this,” her mother tried to reason.

“Calmly? Calmly? Linda did you see what I saw? Our daughter on stage shaking her naked tail for hundreds of people? This is not the woman I raised. I don’t know where you went wrong, but this will end today!” he roared.

“No,” Mercedes said more calmly than she felt. “I’m not giving up performing. I’m sorry you had to find out this way, but it’s not something I am ashamed of nor should I be,” she said, countering his comments.

For a brief second her father looked taken aback by her talking back. Throughout her life, the one person Mercedes had not spoken back to was her father. She spent years regaining the voice she felt she’d lost in her childhood. She had no problem speaking her mind to others, and now it was her turn to tell her father exactly how she felt.

“You shouldn’t be ashamed? You shouldn’t be ashamed to get on stage, take your clothes off like some common hooker on the street! I spent years teaching you right from wrong. Years telling you to keep your damn legs closed and now here you are acting like some hoe from the hood. I knew you were fast growing up. I knew it and now look at you. You think that man,” he pointed to Raul, “respects you? No! He only wants what’s between your legs. That’s clearly all you’re good for, what’s between your legs! Did you even think of what the people in my congregation would say about this? You’re selfish, that’s what you are, a selfish little girl!” Mercedes father yelled.

Mercedes felt the sting of his words, but instead of feeling shame or guilt like she did as a child, she felt something else. This time, she felt her own fury. How dare he talk to her about being a whore when he’s been cheating on his wife for years? Out of the corner of her eye, Mercedes saw Raul take another step towards her father, but she gave him a look to let him know she was okay. She needed to have her say, here and now.

“Did you ever think about your congregation?” she asked turning the tables on him.

“What?” her father yelled.

“Did you ever think about your congregation? All those times you were stepping out on mama. All those nights we waited for you to come home for dinner, food getting cold on the table.”

“Mercedes!” She heard her mother gasp, but she was just getting started. Mercedes took delight in seeing the shocked expression on her father’s face.

“What’s the matter dad? Don’t like being confronted with your own dirt? My whole life you’ve been telling me only fast women do this or whores do that, right before you went out and bedded those same women you trashed. I’m a grown ass woman, and I have not lived under your roof in years. I no longer live by your rules. I am a burlesque dancer and I have been for years. And while we’re at it you should know that I am far from a virgin, and I’ve also dated plenty of women and men. You see,” she said taking a step towards her father, “unlike you I don’t preach one thing and practice another. I am who I am and I have no more secrets. Can you say the same?” she challenged, looking her father square in the eye. Mercedes could see her father’s fury boiling over. Not only his fury, but the shock and incredulity of having his own indiscretions thrown in his face, by his daughter no less. She knew exactly when he’d made the decision to strike her. She saw the look in his eyes, even before his hand moved. She braced herself for the hit, turning her head, but it never came.

Raul was much quicker than her father.

He too, had seen the change in Dwayne’s body language and his instincts kicked in. Moving swiftly, Raul grabbed Dwayne’s hand, spinning him around, and slamming him against the wall. Both Mercedes and her mother gasped. Raul stared coldly into Dwayne’s eyes.

Nostrils flared, knuckles turning white from gripping Dwayne’s wrist and neck so tightly, Raul was barely able to contain his anger.

“You just said some terrible shit to your own daughter, but I held off snatching you up for her sake. But it’ll be a cold day in hell before I stand by and let a man put his hands on a woman, especially my woman,” Raul’s voice came out low but full of deadly promise. Raul’s grip tightened on the older man’s wrist and throat. He heavily contemplated taking the man outside and showing him exactly what real hurt was all about. In that moment, it didn’t matter to Raul who this man was to Mercedes. All he saw was a man who’d hurt his woman.

“Raul, please.” He felt Mercedes put her hand on his arm.

Raul moved in closer to Dwayne’s ear. “The only reason I’m letting you walk out of here right now is to prevent your daughter and your wife anymore grief. Next time you won’t be so lucky.” Raul eased back slowly, giving the man one last deadly look before releasing him. Dwayne hunched over, gasping for air, but Raul had no sympathy.

“Mercedes, this isn’t...this,” her mother stumbled trying to find the words to fix this situation.

“I’m sorry, mama. I think you should both go,” Mercedes said looking at her mother. A look of complete sadness came over Mercedes’ mother’s face. Mercedes’ heart strings tugged at seeing the agony on her mother’s face. The last thing Mercedes wanted to do was hurt her mother. She knew bringing up her father’s affairs was also hurtful to her mother, but she couldn’t abide by his double standards any longer. Linda nodded finally, and turned to her husband who was now standing with his hand around his neck, massaging it. Mercedes gave her parents one last look before turning away from them. In a way she felt relieved that they knew the truth. She wouldn’t beg for their forgiveness, and she was at the point now where she believed it was her parents-especially her father who would needed to ask for forgiveness.

Mercedes watched as Raul walked out of the door, and whispered into the ear of one of his employees before returning to her.

“I’m so sorry, Querida. Are you okay?” he asked, reaching out to massage her shoulders. Mercedes nodded.

“We can head back to Atlanta tonight, or cancel our plans tonight if you’re not up for it,” he suggested. Mercedes thought about it for a few moments. Before seeing her parents she was really looking forward to spending their final night in New Orleans, going out with Stacey and her aunt, and one final night with Raul away from Atlanta. Once she got back she knew she’d have to start thinking about the upcoming school year. She wasn’t ready to let go just yet. She stood up straight, and squared her shoulders, shaking off her somber mood from seeing her parents and arguing with her father.

“No, I want to stay. We only have one night left here. Let’s not waste it,” she gave him a half smile.

“You sure?” he asked concerned. Mercedes nodded.

“Then we’ll stay,” he said pulling her in for a kiss on her forehead and a hug. Mercedes leaned into Raul and breathed deeply. She found strength in leaning on him. When she felt him wrap his strong arms around her, she let her head fall to his shoulder. They stood there, arms wrapped around one another for a while, Raul’s embrace giving her strength, and reassuring her that everything was okay. Whoever this stalker was, was trying to weaken her, trying to take everything from her, one by one. Instead, they were doing the opposite, making her confront the parts of her life she’d been trying to keep separated since she’d moved out of her parents’ home. She no longer had any secrets to hide. She wasn’t ashamed of who she was and she would not let anyone shame her. While this stalker had made her confront these issues, she knew it was the man who held her now that gave her the strength to endure it all. She picked her head up, and looked into his eyes. She saw so many emotions swimming in those deep brown pools. She found comfort in knowing he didn’t attempt to hide his feelings for her. They were right there on display for her to see. This incredibly handsome, strong, accomplished man who could have just about anyone he wanted, wasn’t backing out at the first sign of trouble or family strife. It made Mercedes want to be brave too. She leaned up and kissed him.

“Thank you,” she whispered against his lips. At his confused expression, instead of explaining she kissed him again. She’d known long ago that Raul wasn’t just some fling she was having. She knew whatever this was, she would no longer be the same person she was before it began.





Chapter 15


“Hey, boss. You got a minute? I think I found something you may want to hear.” Raul looked up when he’d heard the knock at his door. Matt, one of his top forensics guys stood at his door. Raul had lured Matt away from the Atlanta Police Department’s forensics department with a much higher salary, great benefits, and the promise of the freedom to work however Matt needed to. The man had his quirks, but Raul never regretted hiring him. It was a mutually beneficial hire that had been working out great over the last three years.

“You have something for me on Mercedes’ stalker?” Raul asked. Raul and Mercedes had returned from New Orleans two days before, and he’d given directives to a number of his staff members to turn up the heat in searching for Mercedes’ stalker. She was supposed to return to school the following day to begin organizing the teachers and trainings for the school year that would be starting the following week. Once the school year was back in session, Mercedes couldn’t remain as secluded to his home, in between trips to her performances. She had to get back to her normal life, and Raul was determined to make sure this person would not be able to do any more harm than they already had done.

“Yeah, boss. So, as you know we started going over all the records for everyone who works at the Black Kitty. Interesting name for a club, by the way,” Matt said looking at Raul. When Raul merely stared at him, Matt cleared his throat and continued on, “Right. So anyway, you know at first we just did some preliminary background checks. We were mainly focused on Mercedes’ exes, but they all checked out. Since then, we’ve gone back and taken a second look at all the employees at the Black Kitty over the last few years, since Mercede has been performing. That in and of itself, wasn’t easy since the club often has guest dancers and whatnot. We even expedited that background check on Stacey Coleman while you were in New Orleans. Somewhat sad background on that one, no?” Matt shook his head at some of the information he’d learned while doing Stacey’s background check. “Anyway, we decided to extend past the last few years. This time around we did much more extensive checks and almost everyone checked out.” This is when Raul’s ears perked up. Standing, he came around the front of his desk, to park himself in front of where Matt was now sitting. Raul leaned back on his desk giving Matt his undivided attention.

“Who didn’t?” Raul asked.

“Well, you know the one they call a uh, stage kitten, her stage name is Roxxy? Yeah, well the name she claims as hers is Roxanne Summers, but that name and Social Security number didn’t exist before 2007, and I…well, we know she’s not an eight year old child. Of course that got my attention, so I went back to do a fingerprint analysis. Lorenzo was able to swipe one of Mercedes’ gloves that Roxxy brought back to her room after a performance. Do you know how hard it is to retrieve fingerprints from clothing? It’s not easy at all. First you have to-”

“Matt,” Raul interrupted sternly. This was one of his quirks; Matt could get so wrapped up in the science of forensics that he’d want to share it with everyone. Raul was in no mood for any of that right now. “Get back to what it was you found,” Raul commanded brusquely.

“Right, sorry. I was able to pull a partial thumb print from Mercedes’ glove; one that did not belong to Mercedes. We searched the national database, and found there was a hit, but the records were sealed. Apparently this person was a minor when the crime occurred. Anyway, after getting one of the hackers here to do their thing, we were able to get into the records. Turns out, Roxanne Summers’ real name is Rochelle Roberts and guess where she grew up?” Matt asked confidently.

Raul didn’t even have to think about the answer. “Chicago.” Raul knew that was the answer because the hacker they’d found who’d tried to break into the hotel security system was based in Chicago, and he’d been the one who was paid to set up a fake online dating page to lure in the man, who was hired to rush the stage at the Black Kitty. The hacker was also paid to get information and addresses on Mercedes’ employer and the parents of her students. Lorenzo tracked the hacker down in Chicago, and his story was that a friend of a friend had hired him. He’d never met the woman, but apparently she had ties to Chicago.

“Yup,” Matt said nodding his head enthusiastically. “But that’s not all. Guess where she was born?”

Raul had a feeling he knew, but waited for Matt to answer his own question.

“Houston. She was born to one Thomasina Roberts. Father’s name was not on the birth certificate. Thomasina lived with her young daughter, Rochelle in the Houston area until she was about two, before moving to Chicago.” Raul’s mind immediately began conjuring up all sorts of questions. What was this Rochelle’s connection to Mercedes? Did their family have some sort of connection? Why was Rochelle singling Mercedes out? By now, Raul was sure that this Rochelle was Mercedes’ stalker. She’d been working at the Black Kitty for close to a year now, and within months of her working there, is when Mercedes began receiving the hang-up calls, then the break-in and ensuing forms of harassment. What was it about Mercedes that triggered this Rochelle? Raul felt it was deeper than just jealousy over Mercedes’ performing. He had the feeling Rochelle deliberately sought out the Black Kitty to work at because she knew Mercedes was a regular there.

“I need you to get me everything you can find on this Rochelle and fast,” Raul ordered. Matted nodded. “Will do, boss. For now, here’s some interesting reading material from the preliminary information I’ve got so far.” Raul took the folder Matt offered him and opened it. The first sheet was an image of Rochelle from the club, followed by an image of her mug shot when she was arrested at the age of fourteen. She had been arrested for shoplifting. Raul thumbed through the file before coming back to the first picture. The image struck him for some reason.

She looked...familiar.

Matt stood to leave, as Raul continued to look at the picture. He knew there was something there, but he couldn’t put his finger on it. A few seconds later it clicked.

“Matt,” he called. Just as Matt reached the door, he turned.

“Work with Lorenzo and get me everything you can find on Rochelle’s mother. I want to know all about Thomasina’s background and history in Houston. Get me anything you can find on who Rochelle’s father might be. And I need it yesterday. Understood?”

“Got it, boss,” Matt said before turning and hurrying out the door to do Raul’s bidding.

When Matt left, Raul rounded his desk in search of his cell phone. He knew Mercedes had gone over to Nikola and Devyn’s to have brunch with Devyn and the boys. He felt safe knowing she wasn’t alone. Nikola’s home, like his was in a gated community and just as secure. Still he wanted to check on her, though he wouldn’t tell her what he’d just discovered until he was absolutely sure. He decided to just send a text checking-in.

****

“Hmmhmm.”

Mercedes looked up from her phone to see Devyn staring at her with laughter in her eyes. “Hmmhmm, what?” Mercedes snapped.

“Nothing,” Devyn said smiling as she took a sip of her orange juice. The two women sat on Devyn’s back patio. They had just put Devyn’s two boys down for their mid-morning nap. Now, they ate a hearty brunch prepared by Devyn and Nikola’s chef, consisting of eggs, potato latkes, bacon, cut up fruit and orange juice.

“Don’t you dare nothing me, chick. What was all that ‘hmmmhmm’ about?” Mercedes insisted.

Devyn laughed. “Calm down. I can just tell it was Raul by the way you were all smiling and giddy looking at your phone.” Mercedes couldn’t fully deny Devyn’s words. She was happy whenever Raul took the time out of his day to check-in on her.

“Did you just call me giddy? See, you’re doing too much. Happy? Yes. Giddy? Not so much,” Mercedes retorted, trying to preserve some of the air of coolness she had when it came to relationships.

“Oh please. Try that on someone else who doesn’t know you. You were downright giddy, responding to that text. I should have taken a picture for all those times you made fun of me when Nikola and I were dating,” Devyn teased.

“Girl, whatever. That’s ‘cause you were damn near drooling over that man whenever you heard his name. Hell, you still do,” Mercedes laughed

“Yeah, well I’m not the only one drooling now,” Devyn countered.

“Don’t make me fight you,” Mercedes said, tossing her napkin at Devyn.

“You could, but you wouldn’t want to hurt your next Goddaughter or son, would you?”

Mercedes paused, absorbing what Devyn had just revealed. She gasped in excitement “You heffa! I knew it!” she yelled, standing to give her friend a big hug. She was just as excited as the first time she learned Devyn was pregnant.

“I should have known when I saw the bacon on the table,” Mercedes said remembering Devyn’s first pregnancy when she craved bacon, a food she rarely ate. Devyn laughed.

“How far along are you? How long have you known? Did you tell Nikola yet? I bet he’s excited,” Mercedes rambled off her questions. For the next hour or so, Devyn and Mercedes talked about the pregnancy. Devyn and Nikola had found out while they were still vacationing in Brazil. She was about ten weeks along, and of course, Mercedes was going to be the Godmother, again. Mercedes was truly happy for her friend, and for the first time she found herself wondering what it would be like to be pregnant. When she thought of the person she would want to be the father of her children, one face came to mind. The familiar handsome face of golden skin and warm brown eyes filled her head.

Mercedes’ phone rang, as she got in her car to leave Devyn’s home. Raul’s house was only about a ten minute drive from Devyn and Nikola’s home. She looked down at her phone to see it was Ron Sherman calling. She figured it had something to do with the following day’s training that all staff and teachers needed to attend.

“Hi Ron.”

“H-hi Mercedes,” he said clearing his throat. “Do you have a minute?”

“Yeah, I’m just leaving a friend’s house. Did you need something?” she asked.

“Yes, I need you come down to the school. We need to go over the agenda for tomorrow and I may need you to help me sort through some files before everyone else gets here,” he stated. Mercedes figured it had to do with the new student files they received every year prior to the start of the school semester.

“Uh, okay, Ron. Are you at the school now,” Mercedes asked looking at her watch.

“Yes, can you meet me here in twenty minutes? It shouldn’t take too long,” he assured her.

“Okay, I’m a little further out so I should be there within the next thirty minutes,” she said before hanging up.

Mercedes wasn’t aware that Ron hung up the phone and stared directly into the business end of a 9mm.

“Nice job, Sherman. You may make it out of this alive, after all. Unlike your assistant principal.” Ron stared at the woman who had a crazed look in her eyes. He knew this day would not end well for Mercedes if this woman had her way. He silently prayed they both made it out alive.





Chapter 16


“Okay, boss, we’ve been working and found a little more information,” Lorenzo said as Raul exited the conference room in his office. He’d been in a meeting with a high-level client on some important security issues his business had been having. Raul told his team that he wanted more information on Thomasina and Rochelle Roberts once he finished his meeting. Lorenzo was waiting on him at the door.

“Tell me what you got,” Raul said as he strode down the hallway to his office.

“Well, Thomasina was born and raised in Houston’s 3rd Ward. From the looks of it, her family was pretty much working class; her father was a mechanic. Her mother was a preschool teacher. She was raised in the church. As she got older she graduated from the local high school, and attended community college. It’s still fuzzy on who could be Rochelle’s father, but we found an original copy of her birth certificate. There was a father’s name placed on the certificate,” Lorenzo said as he pulled out a picture of an old birth certificate. The image was blurry, but Raul was able to make out the name of the father. He stood there stunned. It all began to come together, as Lorenzo told him more about Rochelle’s childhood.

“Apparently she’d had it pretty rough after moving to Chicago,” Lorenzo continued, “Her mother fell ill with Multiple Sclerosis and she’d spent a large portion of her childhood caring for her mother instead of being a kid. Turns out, she was caught shoplifting to get clothes for school and to make a little extra money to support herself and her mother. She was arrested, but was let off easy. Since then, she stayed out of trouble, as far as law enforcement knows. Rochelle finally had to put her mother in a home about eighteen months ago, and within a few months, Thomasina suffered a stroke. She died as a result of the stroke.”

Raul knew this was the woman. He knew he was reading the file of the woman who’d been targeting Mercedes. It must have been the death of her mother that triggered her. He still had questions as to why she fixated on Mercedes, but he fully intended to ask Rochelle those questions.

“What’s her current address?” he barked out the question to Lorenzo.

“Here it is. She’s been leasing a month to month apartment in the same complex as Mercedes.” In that moment, Raul was so grateful he’d insisted on Mercedes staying at his place this summer. This woman was practically living in the same building as Mercedes.

“You go over to see if she’s home. I’m going to call Mercedes,” Raul instructed. Lorenzo was headed out the door before Raul could complete his sentence. He took his cell phone out of the top drawer of his desk and saw he had a voicemail from Mercedes. He hoped she was calling to tell him she was back, safely at his home.

“Hi, Raul, it’s me. I’m just leaving Devyn’s and got a call from Ron Sherman. He needs help with some work files before we start our training tomorrow with the rest of the staff. I’m going to head over to the school. I don’t know how long I’ll be if you want to meet me there or I can just call when I’m on my way back home.” Raul listened to the message over again and a chill ran down his spine. It didn’t feel right. He knew Mercedes was supposed to return to work the following day to begin the training and set up for the new school year, so why was Ron calling her to come in today? Was Ron working with Rochelle to set Mercedes up? Raul asked these questions and more, as he grabbed his keys, his gun out of his office drawer, stuffed it in the back of his waist and headed out the door. Raul was so certain something was amiss that on the way to his car, he called Lorenzo and diverted him to Mercedes’ school instead of Rochelle’s apartment. Raul tried to call Mercedes over and over again, but to no avail. Her phone was either on silent or she wouldn’t or couldn’t answer for some reason. He hoped he wasn’t too late. He immediately pushed those negative thoughts aside, knowing that he had to remain focused in order to help Mercedes.

****

“Ron, are you here?” Mercedes yelled as she entered the dark outer office of the school. The outer office is where the school’s secretary sat, and there was a long bench for parents who were there to meet with the principal or assistant principals. Off to the right was Mercedes’ own office along with the office for the other assistant principals. To the left was the larger principal’s office. Mercedes found it strange that the lights in the outer office were off, but the lights in Ron’s office were on.

“Ron, are you here?” she called again. She pushed through the small swinging door that stopped around mid-thigh, and that separated the parent’s waiting area with the secretary and staff area. She stepped through the doorway and made her way to Ron’s office. She saw him sitting at his desk with an unreadable expression on his face. When he saw her his eyes filled with relief and then worry. Mercedes felt the hairs at the back of her neck stand up.

“Ro-Ron what’s-”

“Hello, Mercedes,” a cold voice welcomed her. Mercedes didn’t even notice the face of the person who the voice belonged to. She was too busy looking down the barrel of the gun that was now pointed at her. When she finally took her eyes off the gun and looked up into the face of the person who held the gun, she was shocked at who was there.

“Roxxy?!” She gasped.

“It’s you? You’re the-”

“Oh, no. Now is not the time for questions. In!” Rochelle insisted, waving the gun in the direction of Ron’s office for Mercedes to step in.

“Sit!” she commanded, pointing at the chair across from Ron’s desk. Mercedes noticed at that time, that Ron’s wrists had been duct taped to his chair.

‘I’m sorry’, he mouthed to her as she looked at him. She knew he was apologizing for being forced to make that call to her. Setting her up.

“Well, look who we have here. The famous Mercedes Holmes, or should I say the Black Dahlia?” Rochelle asked loudly, arms flailing.

“Rochelle, what is this about? Why are you doing this?” Mercedes asked, trying to sound as calm as possible. She knew she had to keep her cool if she wanted to get the answers she needed and to make it out of this alive. She found relief in knowing she had left that message for Raul.

“Why am I doing this? You really want to know, Black Dahlia?”

“Yes, I want to know what I did to you to make you hate me this much,” Mercedes answered honestly. She could see the glossed over look in Roxxy’s eyes. She knew the woman was not dealing with a full deck right now.

“Because you took everything from me!” Roxxy shouted, aggressively pointing the gun at her. Mercedes flinched at the movement of the gun.

“If it wasn’t for you, my life would be so different. Better,” Roxxy screamed.

“I-I don’t understand. What did I do?” Mercedes asked confused.

“You were born!” Roxxy yelled, hysterically.

“If it wasn’t for you, my father would be with me and my mother. I wouldn’t have had to take care of her myself. I would have been able to be a kid, finish school, go to college. But no! You are the reason he wasn’t around so I had to do it all!” Mercedes was still confused. She had no idea what Roxxy was talking about. She stared at Roxxy trying to make sense of what she was saying.

“Your father? I don’t understand. What does your father have to do with me?”

“For an assistant principal of a school, you really are stupid aren’t you? You did a bang up job hiring this one,” she derided Mercedes as she looked over at Ron who sat silently at his desk with a grim face. He too, looked just as confused as Mercedes felt.

“My father, or I should say, our father is one Dwayne Holmes, of Pearland, Texas,” Roxxy said as she walked closer to Mercedes, bending so their faces were even with one another. Mercedes looked into Roxxy’s face. She noticed the eye color that mirrored her own, the similar skin complexions, and even the shape of Roxxy’s wider nose—a physical trait Mercedes inherited from her father. Realization began to settle in the pit of Mercedes’ stomach. Roxxy was her sister…her father’s illegitimate daughter. Mercedes had even more questions now. How old was Roxxy? Where had she been? Who was her mother? And most important, why did Roxxy blame her for her father’s absence?

“Roxxy-”

“Rochelle!” she yelled.

“Wha-what?” Mercedes asked.

“My name is Rochelle. I hate that fucking stage name!”

“Okay, Rochelle. I don’t know what you think you know about me, but I had no idea you even existed. If I had known I had a sister I would have sought you out,” she tried to find some sort of connection with the woman.

“Oh is that right?” Rochelle laughed sardonically. “You would have tried to find me? So, what? So, we could be a family? So we could be what? Sisters?”

Mercedes could feel Rochelle’s anger rising. She wanted to keep her calm for as long as possible. “Yes. I would have wanted that. I always wanted a sister. I’m sorry my…our father wasn’t there for you. He should have been-”

“Yes, he should have been! But because of you he wasn’t! He loved my mother, but he told her he couldn’t leave his bitch of a daughter. Even when he found out my mother was pregnant he refused to leave his wife or you. He said he couldn’t scandalize his church like that, so he turned his back on us. He chose you over us. It’s your fault I grew up without a father!” Rochelle yelled and ranted. Mercedes began to realize what Rochelle’s anger was about. She blamed Mercedes for missing out on the life she thought she should have had growing up. Instead of putting her anger at her father’s abandonment on him, she misdirected it at Mercedes, who was just a child herself when their father abandoned Rochelle and her mother. Maybe she could reason with Rochelle.

“Rochelle, I’m so sorry you went through everything you did as a child. If I could change what our father did to you and your mother I would. He is not the perfect father you believe him to be. He’s cheated on my mother for years. He has never been faithful. He may have told your mother he loved her, but he had many women he’s said that to. He only loves himself,” Mercedes told her truthfully. The truth was her father was a selfish man who only cared about himself and his image. He came across as the preacher who was a doting husband and father, but looks could be deceiving. He’d cheated on Mercedes’ mother with many women over the years. He used his position as a pastor to seduce women into confiding in and trusting him before bedding them. Some of those women had even confronted Mercedes’ mother over the years, but her mother refused to abandon her husband, ever the dutiful wife and faithful servant.

“You’re lying!” Rochelle shouted at her. “He loved my mother. She told me. It was you. You’re the reason he stayed. You’re the reason my father never saw me. Never reached out to get to know me. It was you!” Mercedes could feel the woman spiraling out of control. She realized that trying to reason with Rochelle was out of the question. She’d probably spent years blaming Mercedes for something that was beyond her control. Mercedes would not be able to undo a lifetime of rage and anger in a few minutes, and she knew she only had mere minutes left if she didn’t regain control of this situation. Mercedes thought to try another tactic. She’d use the first rule of Capoeira that Raul had taught her; trickery and evasion.

“I’m sorry, Rochelle. You’re right. It was me, I begged him to stay,” she lied to the woman, “I saw him packing to leave one day and I couldn’t let that happen. I needed my father. I didn’t know he had another daughter though,” Mercedes tried to sound sincere as she lied to Rochelle. She hoped confessing to her own selfishness would mollify Rochelle in some way.

“I knew it!” Rochelle said satisfied with Mercedes’ confession. She began pacing back and forth. “I knew it was you. My mother told me it was your fault…” Rochelle continued to ramble to herself, pacing back and forth in the room. Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, Mercedes saw movement. She turned her head slightly, to see Raul standing in the shadow of Ron’s doorway. A wave of relief washed over Mercedes. She knew they weren’t out of the woods yet, but knowing he was there gave her the added confidence that she needed to believe she’d make it out of this alive. Raul nodded his head and put his finger over his lips, signaling for her to keep quiet and not draw attention to his presence. Mercedes turned her face to see Rochelle still pacing and mumbling to herself. Mercedes looked to see Ron, who still sat quietly, his face a mask of alarm and fear. Mercedes refocused her attention on Rochelle. She could see the woman become even more unraveled right before her eyes. She continued to pace and mumble about knowing her father loved her and it was Mercedes’ fault that he left her. Mercedes got the eerie notion Rochelle was gearing herself up to finally end this, and not in the way Mercedes would want it to end either. Raul must have sensed the exact same thing, since once Rochelle paced in the opposite direction again, he made his move. Mercedes didn’t see it coming, but she saw a flash of white in front of her, before she felt strong arms grip her and throw her down to the floor. Something heavy covered her face and body. All she saw was darkness, but she could hear. She heard Rochelle screeching and a male grunting, before the loud “pow” of a gun went off. Mercedes could hear what sounded like someone or something heavy falling to the floor. She tried to maneuver her body to see what was going on, but the body on top of hers wouldn’t budge. Somehow she instinctively knew it wasn’t Raul who covered her. She had come to know the feel and scent of his body on hers and even in a life or death situation such as this, she knew that whoever was on top of her, it wasn’t Raul. It felt like an eternity to Mercedes before the sounds quieted and the body on top of her shifted, easing their weight off her.

“You okay, boss?” Mercedes heard a voice ask. Despite her haze and confusion, she could make out Lorenzo’s voice.

“Yeah, I’m fine.” That was Raul. Mercedes felt a hand grip hers, pulling her up to stand. She blinked a few times, turning in search of Raul. She first saw Ron standing behind his desk with a weary look on his face. He was fine. She found Raul standing a few feet from Ron’s desk, leering over Rochelle, who was now sitting on the floor with her arms handcuffed behind her back. She appeared to be dazed.

“Raul!” Mercedes shouted taking the few steps over to him and reaching out to throw her arms around him.

“Are you okay, querida?” he asked her as she buried her face into the crook of his neck. She breathed deeply, caught between never wanting to leave his embrace and wanting to get answers to her remaining questions. The next words she heard caused her heart to leap into her throat.

“Shit, boss, you’ve been shot!” Mercedes’ head popped up from Raul’s neck as soon as Lorenzo’s words registered.

“What?” Pulling back, Mercedes saw the red stain that was growing larger by the second on Raul’s white shirt.

She gasped, her voice thick with fear and emotion. “Oh my God, Raul! You’ve been shot!”





Chapter 17


Two weeks later



“Thanks for coming, Jamal. I’m excited for you to get to know Raul,” Mercedes hugged her brother as they prepared to sit down in her living room. Jamal, having heard about everything Mercedes had gone through in the last couple of weeks, finally took his vacation time and came for a visit. Mercedes insisted he stay in her apartment, which she’d gotten newly refurbished, while she continued to stay at Raul’s. The trio had had dinner the previous night at Raul’s home.

“Speaking of, how is he feeling? I’m surprised you left his side for this long. You’ve been attached to that man’s hip since he left the hospital,” Jamal joked. It was true. Upon learning Raul had been shot, Mercedes felt fear unlike any she’d ever felt before. He suffered a gunshot wound to the shoulder. Luckily, it wasn’t life threatening, but it had done some damage to his muscle and arteries, so he required surgery, and there would be months of physical therapy to get him back to 100%. Mercedes had taken off the first couple of weeks of the school year, given what happened, and in order to tend to Raul. He’d been home for the last two days and she was so grateful to have him home.

“Shut up,” Mercedes playfully swatted at her brother. “He’s doing well. His parents and Iris are with him at the house now, which is why I decided to come check-in with you. I really appreciate you coming to visit,” she told Jamal sincerely.

“Oh, please. You think after I heard everything that happened that I wouldn’t get on the first thing smoking to make sure you were all right?” He asked almost affronted.

“No, I knew you would and I still appreciate it. I love you, bro.”

“I love you too, sis. So, tell me how you’re really doing? It had to be a trip learning our father had an illegitimate daughter like that, and realizing that’s who’s been stalking you. That had to be hard,” Jamal said sympathetically.

Mercedes thought about it. “Truthfully, what was hard was, not knowing who was stalking me all these months and why. I mean, I was shocked of course to learn the truth, but once it all settled in, I was over the shock. It’s not really a stretch to believe our father had at least one illegitimate child. As much as he’s been stepping out on mama over the years. I actually feel sorry for Rochelle,” Mercedes said shaking her head. She’d developed a sense of sympathy since finding out the truth. The younger woman had had a hard life, growing up in Chicago with a sick mother. She directed her pain and resentment at Mercedes instead of the father her mother had taught her to hero-worship. Since that day in Ron’s office, Rochelle had been arrested, and then taken to a mental institution after an evaluation found her incompetent to stand trial. Rochelle had been spiraling out of control for months, trying to sabotage Mercedes’ life. Once Raul thwarted her attempt to end Mercedes’ life she just continued to rant and rave about her life being Mercedes’ fault. Rochelle would probably spend years in that institution, if not the rest of her life. Mercedes was grateful it was all over with, but she still felt sympathy for the woman, and her anger with their father only grew.

“Yeah, I don’t know about that, but I’m glad Rambo was there to save you.” Mercedes laughed. Jamal had taken to calling Raul, Rambo after learning his background and hearing he’d taken a bullet for his sister.

“You know mama is moving in with Aunt Sheryl?” Jamal asked.

Mercedes nodded. “Mmmhm, we talked a couple of days ago. She’s going to come out for a while to visit once she gets settled in,” Mercedes confirmed. She’d had a long talk with her mother, who’d apologized for allowing her father to treat her so harshly growing up, and not being strong enough to leave him when she and Jamal were younger. Mercedes heard the pain and anguish in her mother’s voice as they talked. She’d finally had enough. It was one thing to have women confront her over the years, but now to have an illegitimate daughter threaten the life of her own daughter. Linda was done putting up a front for other people. Mercedes was proud of her.

“Yeah, I helped her move. After I cursed dad out.” Mercedes could hear the thread of anger in Jamal’s voice.

“You did what?” she asked surprised.

“You heard me. Fuc-forget that man. What? You think you were the only one who heard mama crying alone in her room all those nights? Nah, you weren’t. I promised myself I’d never treat my woman like that, if I ever get married-and that’s a big if. Anyway, after what happened to you and mama telling me what he said to you in New Orleans I lost it on him. I would never put my hands on my father, but after seeing the way he hurt the two most important women in my life, I was tight. I’m sorry I never said anything sooner, Mercedes. I wish I had stood up to him about this years ago,” Jamal admitted, looking down at his hands as if he was ashamed.

Mercedes’ heart swelled with love and gratitude for her younger brother. “Jamal, listen to me. You have nothing to apologize for. That was all dad’s doing. He made his own bed, let him lay in it alone. You don’t place the burden of shame on yourself.”

Jamal continued to look down for a few moments, taking in what Mercedes just told him. Eventually he lifted his head looking at Mercedes and nodded. “Okay, so tell me about this Raul, cat. You love him don’t you?” Jamal asked not even trying to beat around the bush.

“Damn, just dive right in, huh? What makes you think it’s love?” she asked.

“Oh, please, sis. I saw you doting all over him last night. You were acting like the man had just had major heart surgery or something. I’ve never seen you that way over anyone. So tell me, when’s the wedding?” he asked laughing as he dodged Mercedes playful punches.

****

“Raul, where are you?’ Mercedes called as she entered the house. She’d just returned from her visit with her brother.

“I’m here, Querida,” she heard his sexy voice as he bounded down the steps dressed in a pair of blue jeans and a t-shirt. Her heart raced as he approached her with that sexy glint in his eyes. With his good arm he pulled her into a warm kiss. She allowed herself to get lost in his kiss as their lips got reacquainted with one another.

“How’s Jamal?” Raul asked when they finally broke apart.

“He’s good. He told me he likes you,” she told him.

“I’m sorry, Querida, you’ll have to tell him I’m flattered, but I’m taken,” he joked. Mercedes laughed and playfully slapped his arm.

“Anyway, smartass. Where are your parents and Iris?” she asked, looking over his shoulder to see if anyone was still around.

“They left. I had to shoo them out of here. I needed some time alone with my woman. Come,” he said tugging her hand and walking towards the back patio. Mercedes stepped out to see a candlelight dinner had been set up on the table.

“Raul, you didn’t do this yourself, did you?” she turned and asked.

“I had some help. Both mamas and even papa helped,” he told her. Mercedes was relieved to hear he hadn’t done all this by himself, and risk further injury to his hurt shoulder. As it stood now, he often refused to wear the sling the hospital had given him, which he wasn’t wearing now.

“And before you ask where my sling is, it’s in the room. The doctor said I could spend a few hours a day out of it. Sit,” he said pulling out a chair for him. Mercedes eyed him suspiciously.

“I just want to make sure you’re okay and not overdoing it,” she defended of her sometimes overprotective ways.

“I know, Querida. That’s just one of the reasons why I love you,” he said casually, placing a kiss on her forehead. The day Raul had gotten shot, was also the first time he’d told Mercedes he loved her. It was on the way to the hospital in the ambulance as she held his hand. He’d managed to tell her every day since and Mercedes still hadn’t gotten tired of hearing it. Mercedes hadn’t said the words yet, but she was ready to change that, after she confessed something first.

“What is all this for?” Mercedes asked.

“A token of my appreciation...and a little something else. You’ve barely left my side since I was in the hospital and I am grateful.”

Mercedes’ heart smiled at his admission, but she felt a little guilty. “Well, I mean, it was my fault you were shot,” she grabbed his hand across the table, “There’s so much I want to say. When I saw you had been shot and were bleeding I nearly fainted. I was so scared you w-were…” she trailed off not able to bring herself to say the words that she feared he could have died. Raul consolingly, brought her hand to his lips.

“Just please don’t ever do that to me again. I need you around for a long time,” she told him.

“How long?” He asked.

“As long as you’ll have me,” she answered sincerely. By the sexy smile that formed on Raul’s lips she knew her answer satisfied him.

“I need to tell you something about me that’s important for you to know,” she paused waiting for his response. When Raul nodded, she continued, “I don’t know where to start. I mean, you’ve met my parents and you were nearly killed by my illegitimate sister, so you know how fucked up my family is. But I wouldn’t be surprised if I had more siblings out there I don’t know about. When I was eight years old, I remember being in a grocery store with my mother and a woman came up to us. I can’t recall the entire conversation, but I remember the woman taunting my mother about how my father didn’t love her and how he only stayed with her to keep up appearances. I mean, this woman was bold enough to do this right in front of me. My mother hurried us out of the store. Later that night, it was one of the only times I heard my parents argue. After all the yelling, my father hurried out of the house, barely looking at me. I remember going to bed to the sounds of my mother crying that night. After that, I promised myself I would never let myself fall for someone who could treat me the way my father treated my mother. I spent most of my life avoiding serious relationships because I didn’t want to be vulnerable and then you happened.” Mercedes stopped to catch her breath and let her words settle around them. “I don’t want to be that way with you. You make me want more. What I’m trying to say is, I love you, Raul,” she said with tears in her eyes. She barely registered Raul’s movement, before he was pulling her up out of her seat and into his arms. After a few heartbeats, Raul took a step back.

“I’m glad you said that, finally, because I have something I want to ask you.” With his good arm, he reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a ring box. Mercedes’ eyes widened at the realization of what he held.

“Raul,” she whispered, as he dropped down to one knee and held up the open ring box.

“I want you for as long as I have breath in my body. I promise to be faithful, loving, and to cherish you for as long as God allows me to. Marry me, Querida,” he asked, his voice thick with emotion. Mercedes looked at the sincerity in Raul’s eyes and was reminded of how safe she always felt around him. How caring and loved she felt in his embrace. She knew she could trust Raul with her heart, for a lifetime. She knelt to the ground in front of him and nodded, too overcome with emotion to speak. She held out her hand as he slipped the cushion-cut Tiffany diamond onto her left ring finger. Mercedes threw her arms around his neck, making sure to be careful of his injured shoulder. She pressed her lips to his meaning for the kiss to be brief, but Raul had other ideas. He instantly deepened the kiss. Pulling back he stood, bringing Mercedes with him.

“Come with me, Querida,” he said, pulling her into the house and up the stairs. They spent the next few hours showing each other exactly how they felt for one another, having forgotten all about their uneaten dinner.

“Do you prefer a fall or a spring wedding?” Raul asked Mercedes that night as they lay in bed.





Chapter 18


Epilogue: Nine Months Later



“You take my breath away, Mrs. Santiago.”

Mercedes smiled as she felt Raul’s arms encircle her waist from behind. She leaned back into his chest as she looked out over the beautiful blue ocean of the Copacabana beach. The couple had married at the Copacabana hotel in Rio and opted to take their wedding photos out on the beach before returning for the reception.

Mercedes turned in his arms, facing her husband. “You stole mine a long time ago, Mr. Santiago,” she said as she raised on her tiptoes, pressing a kiss to his lips.

“Ready to go greet our guests?” he asked. Mercedes nodded. They returned to the vehicle to take them the short distance back to the hotel reception. They waited until Mercedes’ school year ended to marry, so they would have more time to honeymoon in Brazil. The couple planned to spend most of the summer in Raul’s native country. He looked forward to showing his new wife his most cherished locations in his beloved country.

“Here they come!” shouted Mercedes’ matron of honor, Devyn, who’d just given birth to a baby girl six weeks ago. Nikola and Devyn chose to name their new daughter Cassandra, and once again, Raul and Mercedes were the Godparents. The guests cheered as the wedding party was announced and stood, as Raul and Mercedes were introduced as Mr. and Mrs. Raul Santiago. Raul and Mercedes had their first dance to At Last by Etta James. The couple danced in the center of the reception hall, as their guests admired the couple, clapping once the song was over. For the next few hours the couple danced, partied, and celebrated with their friends and family.

“Congratulations, young lady.” Mercedes turned from her conversation with Devyn to see Mistress Coco with a younger man who appeared to be her date.

“Thank you so much, Mistress Coco, and thank you for coming. I’m glad you could get someone to watch the club so you could make it down here,” Mercedes stated.

Mistress Coco waved her off, “Chile, Iris has been trying to get me down here for forever. I’m glad I could make it, now I have a chance to take advantage of the...view,” she said as she mischievously eyed the six-foot, chestnut-colored bald headed, man she had her arm wrapped around. The man appeared to be in his mid-forties, some twenty years or so younger than Mistress Coco. And apparently, was a Brazilian native.

“Diane, I’m going to let you talk with your friends. I’ll refresh your drink for you,” he announced in his beautifully accented English before placing a kiss on Mistress Coco’s cheek and strolling off. Devyn and Mercedes eyed the man as he walked off and then one another.

“Young ladies, don’t look so surprised, who the hell do you think it was that taught Stella to get her groove back?” Mistress Coco asked them. The trio laughed and talked for a few more minutes, before they were joined by Iris, Rosaline, and Mercedes’ mother Linda. Mercedes and her mother had worked on their relationship in the last nine months, and they were becoming closer than ever. Linda had decided to follow through with a divorce from Dwayne, and she even began taking computer classes at a local community college. Mercedes was proud of her mother for taking control of her life. She promised to help in any way she could. Dwayne was a different story altogether. He placed the blame for his divorce squarely on the shoulders of his wife, saying she wasn’t loyal in the face of adversity. While many members of his congregation continued to support him, others left after finding out about his infidelities and that he abandoned a daughter he had outside of his marriage. He had not spoken to Mercedes since he’d left New Orleans. Mercedes was disappointed, but she refused to feel guilty over the sins of her father. And today, was one of the happiest days of her life. She was ready to celebrate with the man she loved.

****

“How’s it feel to be married?” Nikola came up asking his best friend.

“It feels pretty damn good. You should have told me it felt this good. I might have done it sooner,” Raul joked.

“Yeah, well count me out of that shit,” Nikola’s younger brother, Andre said approaching the two men. Raul and Nikola just stared at one another, knowing Andre could try to avoid it all he wanted, but when it was his time to fall, he’d fall just as hard as they did. Both men also knew that Andre, would be an even bigger challenge than they were. Laid back as he came off, Andre could be the most stubborn out of the three men. He was no easy catch, but by the looks mama Iris, Mistress Coco, and even Rosaline were giving him, he’d meet his match soon, if they had anything to say about it.

“If you say so, junior,” Raul said, clapping Andre on the back.

“Oh, Raul, Mercedes was asking for you,” Stacey, one of Mercedes’ bridesmaids interrupted. Mercedes and Stacey had become good friends over the last year. Raul and Nikola both had noticed the sly looks Andre had sent Stacey’s way when he thought no one was looking.

“Thank you, Stacey. I think it’s about damn time I take my bride out of here anyway. If you’ll excuse me,” he said departing from the group.

Raul glanced at the group of women off to the side of the room, a satisfied smile spread across Iris’ face when she noticed the look Andre was giving Stacey.

Maybe sooner than later. Raul laughed to himself as he strolled off in search of his bride.

“I heard you were looking for me,” he whispered in her ear from behind. He spun her around and pressed a kiss to her lips before she could respond.

“Mmm,” she moaned into his mouth. He reached around to grip a generous portion of the ass he loved so much.

Mercedes gasped and pulled away, “Raul you can’t feel me up like that in front of all our guests.”

“The hell I can’t,” he growled, pulling her to him once again. Mercedes laughed.

“No, there are serious people here,” she playfully retorted wriggling in his arms.

“Fuck it then. It’s time to go anyway,” he said at the same time he hoisted Mercedes, wedding dress and all, over his shoulder and began strolling to the elevator door. Their guests, whooped and hollered at Raul’s antics, drowning out Mercedes’ protests.

“I’m going to kick your ass as soon as I get down from here,” Mercedes said trying to sound stern.

“Promises, promises,” Raul laughed, as he pressed the elevator button to take them up to their suite.

“Querida, tonight is only the beginning of the rest of our lives. And you can rest assured the only woman waiting in my room and in my bed tonight and forever will be you,” he said as he placed Mercedes down in the elevator.

“Mm, sounds good to me,” Mercedes sighed contentedly as her husband pressed kisses down her neck. Tonight was only a prelude to the rest of their lives.





The End



About the Author: I am a daughter. A sister. An aunt. A former teacher. Non-fiction writer. And, now, a fiction writer! I love to laugh and am a romantic at heart. I fell in love with African-American/Multicultural romance about eight years ago, upon reading my first Francis Ray novel. I’ve been hooked on the genre ever since. A few years ago, I got the idea to pen my own romance novel. It took me awhile to follow through, but I’m ecstatic that I finally did! My goal is to provide diverse and interesting stories that center around women falling in love and being loved. My stories will also feature diverse social and personal issues that plague us. I look forward to working and growing as a writer. And I especially look forward to your feedback.



To receive notifications of future BWWM releases from Tiffany Patterson and Jessica Watkins Presents, please text the keyword “femistry” to 25827.





Jessica Watkins Presents is currently accepting submissions for the following genres: African American Romance, Urban Fiction, Women’s Fiction, and BWWM Romance. If you are interested in becoming an author and have a complete manuscript, send a synopsis and the first three chapters to jwp.submissions@gmail.com.





Uploaded by [RAL] [BЯ]



center>





