ACCIDENTAL HEARTBREAK

Book Two of the Accidental Series





Tina Martin





Copyright @ 2013 by Tina Martin





All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without prior written consent of the author.





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and products are used fictitiously. Any similarity to actual events is entirely coincidental.





Visit the author’s website at: www.tinamartin.net





Book Cover Design by Dynastys CoverMe (www.dynastyscoverme.com)





*PLEASE NOTE: This novel is the second book of The Accidental Series. The first book in the series is, Accidental Deception.





Accidental Heartbreak





Chapter 1


August 2010





“Carter,” Terrance said, then tossed back a shot of Tequila. After squeezing a lemon wedge to his mouth and shaking off the burn in his throat he continued, “You look real pitiful right now, dawg. Real pitiful.”

The men were sitting at the bar, one o’clock in the morning, at their favorite night spot in Uptown Charlotte, one of those restaurant-by-day, club-by-night joints. The hip hop music was cranked up extremely loud, to the point where Carter could feel the vibration of the beat through his bones. And with the additional noise of loud, rowdy patrons (his best friend Terrance included) it’s a wonder he could hear his own thoughts. He couldn’t focus on them, though. Every time he tried, someone bumped into him. Or Terrance said something stupid. Or a woman was trying to hit on him.

What am I doing, he thought. He didn’t want to be here. Not tonight. Not any night for that matter, but to appease Terrance, he met him at the place, still rocking his business attire – a black Michael Kors suit tailored specifically for his frame with a white shirt and purple silk tie. He longed to be at home, lying on the couch in sweats, relaxing after a long day while thinking about the only woman who was special enough to have successfully dug through the layers of concrete that barricaded his heart from the rest of his body.

Shayla Kline.

He hadn’t seen Shayla in roughly two months since deciding to cut ties with her. Early into his decision, he’d been on the fence about it, wanting to see her some days, then glad he made the choice to move on with his life on others. His indecisiveness bothered him so much, he sought out Shayla’s therapist, Dr. Westbrook, for advice. But he didn’t like the doctor’s suggestion – that he tell Shayla who he really was – that Jacob, her deceased fiancé whom she was in love with once upon a time, was his brother.

He often wondered why it was so difficult for him to say the words. He’d never been in a predicament like this before, never had a problem with articulating his thoughts to anyone – to upper management, his direct reports, even his Mother. But yet, he failed to find the strength to tell Shayla one simple thing, all because he didn’t know how she would react to the news. And because he’d fallen hopelessly in love with her.

It wasn’t intentional and it wasn’t supposed to happen. Love wasn’t his thing, but when he’d found Shayla on the sidewalk that day in February of this year, something in him changed, permanently. She was sick and frail and he knew she needed help. So he stopped, spread his coat over her and gave her CPR. A couple days later, he found out that she used to belong to his brother, Jacob. And Jacob, who had committed suicide last year, left word for Carter to take care of her. And it was during this process, the nurturing and caring for her, that he fell for her.

He often asked himself why. Why did he fall in love with her? Maybe it was due to the fact that she kept the memory of his brother alive. Or perhaps it’s because he never spent more time with any other woman than he spent with her. It could’ve been the innocence of her that he found so refreshing. And he’d let his guard down. He let her in to navigate unchartered territory – his heart.

Too bad he had to let her go. It didn’t matter that Jacob was deceased. He still deserved to be respected. And he’d specifically asked Carter to take care of her.

Terrance looked at Carter through his glossy eyes, wondering why he hadn’t responded to him.

Carter was zoned out, tossing all of this Shayla business around in his head, trying to think about what any other guy would do in this predicament. He couldn’t ask Terrance for advice because he hadn’t told him about Jacob and Shayla’s connection or the suicide note. And he didn’t know if he wanted to tell him. Terrance was his boy and all, but he was extremely annoying at times, even had Carter reevaluating their friendship, especially after the things Terrance had said about Shayla.

“Carter, you good?”

Carter wrapped his hand around his glass of Coke and Rum. “Man…I’ve been up since four in the morning,” he grumbled, finally breaking his silence. “I’m exhausted.” What he wouldn’t mention is he was up so early because he couldn’t sleep. He hadn’t had a good night’s rest since Shayla moved out. His mind was constantly occupied with thoughts of her. No matter what he did to forget about her, something always reminded him of the time they spent together, something as simple as her sitting on the couch next to him or standing in the foyer, waiting to greet him after he came home from work.

Shayla Kline.

When he lost his temper that day and told her to leave, he didn’t think she would go. He had expected her to stay and put up with his temporary loss of self control. Maybe the two of them would hash it out and move on with life as they did any other time a disagreement arose.

That didn’t happen.

Shayla had had enough and moved in with Rebecca, the owner of the flower shop in which she worked, a move that surprised Carter. He didn’t think they were close enough to share a living space. But that’s where Shayla ended up, living with Rebecca, and no longer needed to stay with at his place, and something about that pissed him off. He was the one who had helped her and got her back on solid ground and now she was gone. And he was angry.

“Why’d you get up so early?” Terrance asked, looking at his absent-minded friend.

Carter shrugged and decided to make up something just to shut Terrance up. “I had to be to work early for a meeting.”

“You and that job…” Terrance shook his head. “I swear you have more meetings than Barack Obama.”

“Meetings are an integral part of my job function,” Carter said with a straight, serious face.

“Well, all I know is, if I had to get up that early for a meeting, I’d be looking for new employment. I don’t know how you do it.”

“If you were making a hundred and fifty thousand a year, you’d do it.”

“You doggone right I would.” Terrance laughed, as his eyes flit around the club.

Carter didn’t need the job for the money. His Mother had left him plenty in the will – five-hundred thousand to be exact, some of which he’d invested and was due to make excellent returns. He could quit his prestigious position if he so desired, retired at age thirty-five and lived a comfortable, stress-free life. But he wanted the job mostly for status, to be important, to have people looking up to him as a successful black man that made it. That was educated. And on top of that, he was a master at his profession and he took pride in the fact that he’d been responsible for mentoring several associates who moved up the corporate ladder.

“Ay, Carter,” Terrance said, slapping Carter’s arm with the backside of his hand. “You know that woman over there in the corner has been trying to get your attention since we stepped in this joint.”

“Terrance, chill. I didn’t come here for that.”

“I know. You still thinking about that girl, right?”

“What girl?” Carter asked frowning, as if he didn’t know who Terrance was referring to.

“Shayla. I thought you said she was off limits.”

“She is.”

“Then why are you still thinking about her?”

“Why am I what?” Carter said leaning closer. Sounded like the music had gotten louder.

“If she’s off limits, why are you still thinking about her?” Terrance hollered.

“Who says I’m thinking about her?” Carter countered, though he thought about Shayla so much he felt like he was going insane at times. He’d even asked his aunt, Jacqueline, earlier in the day if she’d heard from her. Jacqueline told him she’d spoken to Shayla briefly one day last week at the flower shop. Said Shayla was looking good. She was wearing makeup now and her hair was done differently. He wanted to ask if Shayla had asked about him but refused. He didn’t make it a practice to sweat a woman and he certainly wasn’t going to start now.

Carter took another sip of his drink. He had enough of pretending. This wasn’t the man he wanted to be. Not anymore. And all he wanted was to see Shayla. Just how different did she look from the last time he laid eyes on her? He could still see her long, black curly hair, her light skin, pink lips and big, innocent eyes. He recalled their long talks. Dinners they’d shared together.

“You know what…I’m out,” he said to Terrance. “You coming or you gettin’ a taxi?”

“Dang, man,” Terrance said. “You leaving already?”

“Yeah. I’m leaving. You riding or what?”

Terrance blew a frustrating breath. He wasn’t ready to leave just yet.

“Tee, you don’t have to ride with me,” Carter fired off, highly annoyed by Terrance and this ordeal. He didn’t want to be here, partying it up, picking up chicks and drinking alcohol. It was juvenile to him now.

“Who I’ma ride wit’ if I don’t ride wit’ you?” Terrance drawled out.

Carter took his wallet from his back pocket and slid out a twenty dollar bill, handing it to Terrance. “Just get a taxi.”

“Nah, nah, nah. I’ll ride wit’ you. Man!”

“You sure, because I’m leaving right now. Not ten minutes from now…right now.”

“Ah’ight, ah’ight.” Terrance said.

Since Terrance didn’t take the twenty, Carter placed it on the bar counter with a few other bills to cover both of their tabs. The two walked out to the parking lot and hopped in his cream-colored Escalade. Carter started the engine and began the drive to Terrance’s place.

Terrance watched Carter silently drive down the road. Carter’s mind appeared to be in a million places, and did he not realize that he just blew through a red light?

“You okay to drive?” Terrance inquired, strapping on his seat belt. He was a little tipsy, but had enough common sense to realize red meant stop and Carter sped right through it.

“Yeah. I had one drink. You on the other hand…”

Terrance chuckled. “You do realize you ran that light back there.”

“No I didn’t.”

“Yes you did, man. Why you think I got this seat belt nice and snug?” Terrance laughed a deep belly laugh, gripping the door handle with his right hand.

Carter glanced at him, then back to the road.

“What’s with you, dawg?” Terrance asked, mildly amused.

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, you don’t seem like yourself.”

Carter couldn’t get to Terrance’s apartment fast enough. Much to his chagrin, Terrance was a pain to be around at times. And would he ever stop talking?

“I know what’s going on. It’s Shayla, isn’t it?” Terrance surmised. “Tell the truth, Carter.” Terrance elbowed him again.

“Will you stop doing that? I’m trying to drive here.”

“You trying to change the subject. That’s what you trying to do.”

“Do you want to get out right here?” Carter said testily, slowing to a stop.

“Nah, nah, nah. I’m just playing wit’ you, Carter. Lighten up, man.” Fifteen seconds hadn’t even gone by before he added, “So you trying to have a thing with Shayla or what?”

Carter frowned. Why was Terrance pushing the issue? He was the one who told Carter that Shayla wasn’t on his level because she used to be homeless. She wouldn’t fit in with his lifestyle he said. So to shut him up, Carter answered, “No, it’s not Shayla. I haven’t laid eyes on her in two months.”

“Just because you haven’t seen her doesn’t mean you don’t think about her.”

Carter stopped in front of Terrance’s apartment complex and put the truck in park. Seemed every time he and Terrance got together, Terrance always had something to say about Shayla. Shayla this, and Shayla that. Shayla was a cool girl, but she wasn’t right for you. Shayla was waiting for me to teach her how to play cards and you kicked her out. I wonder what Shayla had to do to get the keys to the Lex? Fed up, Carter looked over at him sitting in the passenger seat and asked, “Why are you always bringing her up around me?”

“’Cause I know you like her. I saw the way you were looking at her that night I was over at your crib.”

“Do you realize how long that was ago?”

“I’m just sayin’—”

“And aren’t you the one who said she wasn’t good enough for me? That it would be difficult for me to introduce someone like her to my colleagues? That she wasn’t on my level because of her past?”

“Dang. Did I say that, ‘cause I don’t remember saying—”

“Yeah, you said it. You called her a bum so many times I lost count. Said she was using me. So if you think so negatively of her, why do you keep talking about her, Terrance?”

“Because I know you like the girl, man.”

“Okay! I like her. Now will you stop talking about her?”

“Why you gettin’ all in your chest? I was just joking.”

“Well it ain’t funny, Terrance,” Carter snapped. Enough was enough. “That’s your problem. You think everything is a joke.”

“Listen, man—”

“No,” Carter interjected. “You listen. How are you going to tell me Shayla ain’t good enough for me, but every time I see you she’s your main topic of conversation?”

“Ah’ight. My bad,” Terrance said, palms up. “I’ma say this though, and I won’t say anything else about her.”

Carter sighed. “Tee, just say whatever it is you have to say so I can go.”

“If…if you like the girl, then nothing I say or anybody else for that matter should sway your feelings for her.”

Carter turned his face away from Terrance to look out the driver door window, staring off into the darkness.

Terrance continued, “And I don’t know what all happened with her leaving and everything, but I do know it’s affecting you. Even though you try to hide it, I see it, man. I may not be as smart as you and I don’t make six figures a year, but I do know when something is wrong with my boy and something is definitely wrong with you.”

Carter thought for a moment. He couldn’t deny his mood had changed for the worse since Shayla left. He felt the transformation within himself and heard the grumblings at work from his colleagues. Terrance was right. Tipsy and all, he was right. He glanced at Terrance and said, “Well, we can’t have everything we want, can we?”

Terrance smirked. “So says the man who has everything he wants.”

“I don’t have her?”

Terrance opened the door and stepped out of the truck. “Then go get her. It’s not like you can’t.” He pushed the door shut and walked up the sidewalk to his apartment.

Carter drove off, turned on the intermittent windshield wipers when it started to drizzle. He remembered that night he found Shayla walking down the road in the rain, the night that started the downspin of their friendship – the night she thought he was with another woman. But she had been mistaken because he hadn’t been with another woman since he laid eyes on her and had no plans to be.





Chapter 2





“I’m so glad we were able to get together for dinner,” Jacqueline told Shayla as she sat across from her at Landmark, a restaurant on the East side of Charlotte near Jacqueline’s home. They were eating garden salads, sharing a booth that gave them a view of the cars passing on Central Avenue.

“Me too,” Shayla told her, though she didn’t mention she had been worried that the two of them would never speak again, especially after things had went sour with Carter. And speaking of Carter, she wanted so badly to ask Jacqueline about him. His name had been hanging on the tip of her tongue but she couldn’t bring herself to speak it. Besides, Carter wasn’t thinking about her. Who was she compared to the women he usually dated? Compared to the woman who’d stopped by his house that night in the tight red skirt?

“So how are things at the shop?” Jacqueline asked. “You looked pretty busy the last time I was there.”

“I was. It’s been crazy…we’ve been having lots of orders for weddings.” Shayla took a sip of water. She looked up at Jacqueline, studying her for a moment. She was a beautiful woman in her sixties but you wouldn’t know her age unless she came right out with it. She took care of herself and her skin was very taut and glowy.

“I’m glad that little shop is doing good. I’ve been going there for years, honey.”

Shayla smiled and turn towards the window, watching cars drive by. She thought about Carter. Was he happy she moved out? Was it easy for him to go on and live his life like the four months they lived together never happened? Didn’t mean a thing? Was he and Genevieve still involved or had he moved on to the next woman? Surely he had by now.

“I thought I saw a help wanted sign in the front window,” Jacqueline said. “Another person in there would help you guys out a great deal.”

Shayla froze. Why did she have to see that sign? Now she had to tell her she was leaving. And Jacqueline would, in turn, tell Carter. “There is a help wanted sign in the window, but it’s not because Rebecca’s hiring an additional person. She can’t afford one right now.” She watched Jacqueline’s confused reaction. “She’s actually looking for someone to replace me, so if you know of anyone—”

“Replace you?” she blurted out. She couldn’t hide the slight frown in her forehead if she wanted to.

“Yes. I found another job…one in my field. I start at the end of the month.”

“What’s your field?”

“Accounting.”

“What company will you be working for?”

Shayla was hesitant to tell Jacqueline about her new job being in a new city, and a new state for that matter. Would she go and tell Carter about everything they talked about? She definitely didn’t want him to know she moving out of state. But the again, it wasn’t about him anymore. It was about her starting over, reinventing herself and seeking her own happiness and success without relying on someone else for those things. So she sucked in a heavy breath and said, “It’s at a tech firm in Norfolk, Virginia.”

Jacqueline was crestfallen. “You’re moving away?”

Shayla nodded, seeing the disappointment in Jacqueline’s eyes. Was she sad to see her go, or was she anticipating what Carter would feel when he found out?

“Why do you have to move so far away, Shayla?”

Far away? Shayla thought. It was maybe a five-hour drive from Charlotte to Norfolk and that wasn’t far enough. She would move farther, anything to get away from Carter for good. “It’s not that bad, Jackie.”

Jacqueline didn’t respond. She sat quiet for the time being, processing the thought of Shayla leaving while, all along, wondering how Carter would receive the news. Finally, she broke her silence by saying, “I spoke with Carter a few days ago.

Shayla took a sip of water to loosen her tightness in her throat. “Really?”

“Yeah.” Jacqueline pushed her half-eaten salad away from her and wiped her mouth with a white napkin. “You know, I’m not one for being all in folks business, but it’s obvious to me you two ended on bad terms.”

“Why you say that?”

“Well, for one, you’re moving away and he hasn’t been the same since you left. And he rarely ever calls me now. He’s distant and despondent.”

“Don’t know why.”

“I do. It’s because you left him.”

“Is that what he told you?” Shayla asked frowning, feeling her blood boil at the thought he’d tell his aunt a blatant lie. “I left because he told me to. If you were living with someone and they told you to leave, wouldn’t you?” Shayla took a sip of water. There was another reason she left too. She was in love with him and he didn’t reciprocate that love. How could she live with a man and watch him date other women? Instead of telling Jacqueline that, though, she said, “Plus I got tired of fighting with him, tired of feeling like I was beneath him.”

“And by that, you mean what?”

The fight she had with Carter at the theater two months ago was still fresh on her mind like it just happened yesterday. He was furious, mad at her because she’d insinuated he was ashamed of her and didn’t want to be seen with her in public. She knew it was a lie, but she was so jealous and hurt at the time, she didn’t care. He was the one making advances towards her – hugging and kissing on her like she was the only woman for him, like she stood a chance to be with a man of his caliber when the reality was, he was seeing some stuck-up chick named Genevieve.

Shayla looked up at Jacqueline and said, “Carter has everything and not afraid to show it…not afraid to flaunt his success and meanwhile, I have nothing to show for myself…not saying that’s his fault, but I have feelings and I don’t want to be around someone who constantly looks down upon me.”

Jacqueline drew in a deep breath. “Carter doesn’t look down on you, Shayla.”

Now you’re coming to his defense, Shayla thought, but Jacqueline was right. If Carter looked down on her, he wouldn’t have saved her life while she lay homeless on the street back in February. “He’s from a different world than I am.”

“Okay, that’s true. You two are from different worlds but that doesn’t mean he looks down on you.”

“Well, I don’t fit into his lifestyle,” Shayla rattled off. “We don’t run in the same circles, and a man like him can’t very well be with a woman who’s not like him.”

“Sounds to me like those are your feelings, not his.”

Shayla used a straw to play with the ice in her glass of water. Those were her feelings, because the truth of the matter was, she didn’t really know how Carter felt about her. She was confused. The man had taken her in, gave her anything she wanted, spent time with her, held her some nights when she couldn’t sleep…he did everything to cater to her. And Shayla could only conclude that he didn’t want to be with her because she wasn’t good enough for him. What else could it have been? Why would he take care of her, only to turn around and kick her out of his house after a few months?

“If anything, I think he’s afraid of you, Shayla.” Jacqueline commented.

Shayla frowned and grunted. Carter wasn’t afraid of anything. He was very smart and equally strong – strong-willed and strong-minded. Shaking her head, she said, “Carter’s not afraid of me.”

“Let me be more specific. He’s afraid of falling in love with you,” Jacqueline said with confidence because she knew that was true, having spoken with Carter directly after Shayla had moved out.

Shayla giggled uncomfortably and glanced out the window, though she really felt sad enough to cry. “Nah…that’s not it, Jackie. Carter can have any woman he wants. Why would he even entertain the thought of falling in love with me? Trust me, it ain’t that.”

Jacqueline sighed. Of course it was that. But his love soon turned to anger, especially after she moved out and didn’t bother to contact him. Now, she was leaving the state? “Honey, all I know is when I first met you in the flower shop, I thought you and Carter were a couple. You were so happy and vibrant. He was happy, too and now you’re both miserable.”

I’m miserable. He’s not. “Jackie, I’m fine and Carter is a lot of things, but I can guarantee you, miserable isn’t one of them. I’m sure he has enough women to keep himself entertained.”

“Oh no, honey. Not my Carter.”

Shayla laughed. She could picture Genevieve in her mind, wearing that red lipstick and tight skirt. “You’ve been out of his life for the last, I-don’t-know-how-many years, so you wouldn’t know. He actually told me he wasn’t the one-woman type which is really odd considering he’s such a gentleman.”

“I’m sorry, but Carter doesn’t come across as womanizer to me,” Jacqueline said in his defense, but she hadn’t known Carter in his adult years. She only remembered him as a teenager and had lost contact with him after that because of the feud with his Mother. It was just a few months ago that she was reunited with Carter, thanks to Shayla.

“You’re right. He doesn’t. Like I said, he’s a gentleman.” Shayla took a sip of water, feeling like she was in the hot seat, sweating bullets. “But I can say with confidence that he doesn’t miss me. He’s not like that.”

Jacqueline sighed. “I think you’re wrong on this one, Shayla.”

“Then why hasn’t he tried to call me or visit the shop, Jackie.”

“Maybe he’s giving you space.”

Shayla shook her head, tears welling up in her eyes. “Or maybe he doesn’t want me, just like everybody else in my life. My parents didn’t want me. Even my own fiancé didn’t want me.” She took a napkin and dabbed her eyes.

Jacqueline teared up a little too, because she was fond of Shayla. She reached across the table and held her hand. “Sweetheart, you and Carter need to sit down and talk.”

“Jackie, I appreciate what you’re trying to do but Carter and I do not belong together. I’m glad we parted ways. Now I can be independent and start a new life and that’s what I’m going to do in Norfolk.”

The waitress walked over and left the check on the table.

“Anyway, I’m gonna head on out,” Shayla said. “Gotta work in the morning.” She left enough money on the table to cover the check and tip.

“Okay, hun. I’ll talk to you later, and I want to see you before you head off to Virginia, okay?”

“Okay.” Shayla gave Jacqueline a hug, then walked away sad-faced, fighting back tears.

Jacqueline was equally as sad as she sat at the table alone now, sipping on her water and digesting everything Shayla had told her. And why did she have to leave the state? She could start over right here in Charlotte. The city was so big, she could be on one side of town and Carter on the other. But obviously, she wanted to get further away from him. But it was a shame that two people who loved each other were trying so hard to sabotage what could be a great relationship.





Chapter 3





At work, Carter sat at his desk fumbling through papers looking for a specific folder he needed for a 1:00 p.m. meeting. Monday mornings were hectic enough, but he was even more irritated with the fact that he couldn’t find what he was looking for. Frustrated, he began tossing papers to the floor. Had his desk ever been so disorganized and cluttered?

Carter sighed and mumbled, “Where is it?” He stood, still looking and pushing papers around and just when he thought he found the folder, his forearm pushed over a cup of lukewarm Starbucks coffee. Carter, beyond irritated at this point, paged Julie to come in his office.

“Yes, Carter,” she said upon opening the door. “Can I…” she began before she saw the coffee all over his desk. “Oh, my. Let me help you with that.” She removed soaked papers, holding them between her thumb and index finger like a dirty diaper, retreating to her desk to get a roll of paper towels. She blotted the damp papers then dried his desk. “I’m going to have to order you a new desk calendar,” she told him. “And I’m sure I can print all these documents off for you again. Tell me what they were and I’ll get it for you.”

Carter sat in his chair, not saying a word to Julie. Things had been tense at work for the past few months. His head wasn’t there and he knew why which angered him even more that he’d let Shayla get so close to him, being without her affected his mood. His co-workers were even beginning to complain of his demeanor.

“Carter?” she said to get his attention. She wasn’t sure if he’d heard a word she said.

“Okay, Julie,” he said irritated. “I’ll get them to you.” He swiveled towards the window, with his back to her, and stared out into the heart of Charlotte. This is where he found Shayla near death and homeless. Where he revived her. Where he saved her life. Why would he deny himself of this woman when he cared about her so much?

“Carter, is everything all right?” Julie asked him.

“Yeah.”

“Are you sure? Forgive my straightforwardness, but I’ve noticed you’ve been very irritable for the past few weeks.”

“Everything’s fine…just have a lot on my plate right now.”

“Anything I can help with?”

“No,” he said and didn’t bother turning around to face her.

Julie sighed. She’d never seen him like this. Usually, he was on top of everything. Now, he was losing it. “Okay. Well, I got your desk all cleaned off. Send me an email with those file names and I’ll reprint them. And I’m going to order a desk calendar right now.”

He didn’t offer a ‘thank you’ to his assistant or anything. He just waited until she was gone so he could make a phone call. He spun his chair around, facing his computer again. Removing his cell from, his breast pocket and dialed Jacqueline.

“Hello,” she answered. She wanted to call him a couple days ago, but she’d been hesitant to talk to him. If he asked about Shayla, then she’d probably ended up telling him that she was leaving. For another state.

“Hey Jackie. It’s Carter.”

“Hey Carter,” she said cheerfully, trying to disguise her disappointment since finding out Shayla was leaving. “How’s it going?”

“It’s…going,” he snarled, picking up a black retractable pen, clicking it open and closed.

“Listen, um, I don’t want to take up much of your time—”

“I’m not doing anything. What’s on your mind, son?”

Carter swallowed hard. “You know my Mother never called me that. She never referred to me as her son. For as long as I can remember, Jackie, she treated me like I was her financial advisor instead of her firstborn.”

“You know she loved you, though.”

Carter left Jacqueline’s comment up in the air and said, “After Jacob’s father left, she was with a different man almost every time I saw her. She was always introducing me to some new, random guy. So I asked her one day, why she wouldn’t take her time and find someone who she could actually love and maybe even get married. Do you know what she told me?”

“What?”

“She said, and I will never forget these words. She said, ‘I like my life simple and easy. Men tend to complicate things and honestly, Carter, what exactly is love but mere weakness? Stuff you read about in romance novels and watch on TV. Love is an illusion and you know what an illusion is, don’t you?’ That’s what my Mother taught me about love.”

“Wow.”

“The sad part is, I believed her…believed that love was weakness, so all my life I’ve been avoiding it. Every woman I’ve been with that actually wanted a relationship with me, I turned them down…or didn’t call them back…every last one of ‘em. And I’ve met some beautiful, successful women, but I had nothing in me that wanted to love them. Quite frankly, once I slept with them, I lost interest.”

So Shayla was right, Jacqueline thought. He wasn’t the one-woman type.

Carter sighed. “I didn’t know what love was or what it felt like and I had no intentions on knowing what it was, but now, I know what it feels like, Jackie. But what I struggle with is, how can I love a woman who was so eager to pick up her stuff and leave me like I ain’t nothing?”

Jacqueline knew there were two sides to every story and when she saw Shayla for lunch on Saturday, she got her side. Now it was time to get his. Some things she knew already – that Carter loved Shayla and that he didn’t want to pursue a relationship with her since she was once engaged to his brother. He told Jacqueline that he would feel guilty if he went down that road with Shayla. Now he was trying to rationalize it, making it seem as if he couldn’t love her because she left him.

“You there?” Carter asked.

“Oh, yes, I’m here,” Jacqueline said. “But I really don’t know how to answer that, Carter. Honestly, you have me confused.”

“How’s that?” he asked, and swiveled his black, ergonomically charged chair facing the windows behind his desk again.

“Well, you remember when you came over to my house for dinner the same night she left? The night you let me read Jacob’s suicide note? You said you couldn’t be with Shayla because she was Jacob’s fiancé, remember? Said it was best that you cut ties with her.”

“I never said I wanted to cut ties with her. I think you suggested that it was probably the best thing for me to do.”

“Yes, I said it because I didn’t think that Shayla would accept the fact that you kept your kinship to Jacob hidden from her. And you agreed with me, right?”

There was no reply. Carter stared out the window, replaying their two-month-old conversation in his head.

“Right?” Jacqueline asked again.

“Yeah,” he forced out.

“So why are you so upset that she left when that’s what you wanted?”

He had no answer. After all, it is what he wanted. But he also wanted her. He wanted her to fight for him, to love him like she loved his brother. She wouldn’t have walked out on Jacob, would she? He doubted it. So why was it so easy to leave him, especially after everything he’d done to make her life better?

“Seems to me like you want her, then again, you don’t want her,” Jacqueline added.

Carter continued clicking the pen open and shut. Jacqueline was right and he couldn’t deny anything she said.

“If you think she’s worth it, Carter, then you really need to make a decision as to whether or not you’re going to correct this rift between you two. And you need to do it fast. She’s leaving in a couple of weeks.”

Sitting straight up in his chair, he asked, “What do you mean she’s leaving?”

“She got a job in Norfolk, Virginia. The flower shop lady is already looking for her replacement.”

Carter couldn’t seem to get the frown out of his forehead. Shayla was leaving and there was nothing he could do about it. He had no claim over her. And once again, he told himself that maybe it was for the best. If she was out of his sight, then she’d be out of his mind. But that strategy hadn’t work for the past two months had it?

“Carter, you there?

“Yeah…when did you speak with her?”

“We had lunch Saturday.”

Saturday. Why are you just telling me this now? Carter brushed his hands over his curly hair. He’d been frustrated for the longest time over Shayla and any mention of her name had him feeling mixed emotions. On one end, he remembered saving her life that cold, February day and being her hero. On the other, he could recall her being distant days before she moved out, their fight in the parking lot and finally the note she left for him – a note that simply was her way of letting him know she moved out and nothing more.

And then there was the fact that he hadn’t told her that Jacob was his brother…

“Either way it goes, Jackie, I can’t disrespect my brother like that so—”

“So you’re going to let her leave?” Jacqueline asked, irritated.

“What else am I supposed to do?”

“You could talk to her…fight for her.”

“I’ma fight for a woman who left me…”

“You wanted her to leave,” Jacqueline pointed out, raising her voice an octave. Then she snapped. “Stop pretending like that’s the reason you’re allowing this distance between you two. It all has to do with the fact that you’re afraid to come clean and tell her about Jacob. You need to do that, Carter. You owe it to her and to yourself. It’s not like you’re disrespecting Jacob or anything. You said it yourself that he asked you to take care of Shayla, right?”

“He didn’t ask me to fall in love with her.”

“So the answer to my question is yes, then. You are going to let her leave?” Jackie asked, her voice cracking.

Carter sensed her sadness. His aunt had grown attached to Shayla like she’d instantly become a part of the family. And he was the one tearing that family apart. It was Shayla who reunited Jacqueline with Carter again and now she was going away. “You thought it was a good idea for me to let her go before, Jackie. Why are you changing your mind now?”

“Because I know you love her. And I know she loves you just as much. It would be a shame if you two didn’t work this out.” Jacqueline dabbed tears from the corner of her eyes. “At least talk to her before she heads out of town.”

Carter diverted his attention to an Outlook alarm on his computer, signaling he had a meeting in five minutes. “Ah’ight, Jackie. I have to go. Maybe I’ll talk to her…”

“You should, and before I let you go, I wanted to mention something else she said that’s been bothering me. She made a comment that you weren’t thinking about her because you probably done had plenty of women since she left.”

Carter grimaced like the words had physically assaulted him. “She said that?”

“Yeah. She also said she wasn’t surprised you didn’t want her because nobody else in her life wanted her. Said her parents didn’t want her and she said Jacob didn’t want her either. So please make an effort to talk to her.”

“Okay. I will,” he replied, though he wasn’t sure what he would do at the moment.

“Aw-right, Carter. Bye.”

He set the phone on his desk and ran his fingers over his head. He blew a breath, sighed heavily then headed to the conference room.





Chapter 4




Fifteen minutes before Carter knew the flower shop would be closing, he left his office. He had to see Shayla today, especially after finding out she was leaving. And did she really think he was out having one-night stands and carrying on since she moved out? In the past maybe, in the pre-Shayla days of his life, but he hadn’t been with a woman since he met her. Whether he liked it or not, he was emotionally attached to Shayla and if he didn’t want to lose her, he needed to do something about it.

He parked next to her car, watching Shayla walk out of the building with Rebecca, locking up the shop for the day. He got out of his truck and began to walk towards them.

Shayla looked up and saw him walking in her direction. Was this an apparition or was he really there? She hadn’t laid eyes on him in so long, something about the distance between them made him that much more appealing. Eye candy at its best. He was deliciously fine, walking towards her with a swag only he could pull off, and as he sauntered her way, all six-feet, two inches of him, all she could think about was their last communication – a heated argument that left things sour between them. And what information had Jacqueline told him? It was no coincidence that after two months of not seeing or hearing from him, he showed up two days after she had dinner with Jacqueline. Did he know she was leaving? Is that the only reason he bothered to seek her out? After eight long weeks?

“Wonder what he wants…” Shayla nervously whispered to Rebecca, feeling her stomach form into so many knots, she could barely stand up straight.

“You know what he wants,” Rebecca hissed.

Carter took a few more steps towards Shayla and stopping directly in front of her he said, “Hi.”

“Hi,” Shayla told him feeling nerves tingle throughout her body. The scent of his cologne made her remember certain beautiful moments they shared. And he looked even more gorgeous than she remembered. His curly hair was fuller and tapered. His light brown eyes were tantalizing.

He looked her over a moment more, getting reacquainted with her face – the face he found so beautiful. He noticed she had her hair straightened, which showed the true length of it, falling down to her chest and mid-back. With the added touch of copper highlights, she looked like she just came from the salon. She wore makeup too, had some peach blush on her cheeks and pink gloss on her lips that attracted the heat of his eyes. Jacqueline was right. She did look different. She was stunning.

“I’ll see you later, girl,” Rebecca waved to Shayla.

“Okay,” Shayla replied, smiling weakly.

Rebecca gave Carter half smile and continued the walk to her car.

Shayla never took her eyes off Carter, feeling her heart yearn for him, but knew she couldn’t have him. What a horrible feeling it was to want someone so badly while knowing they were out of your reach. Out of your league.

“I was hoping we could talk,” Carter said, sliding his hands in the pockets of his slacks. If he didn’t, he was certain to touch her face with them.

Shayla remembered Jacqueline saying Carter was angry. Standing in front of her, he didn’t come across that way. But then again, he always had one heck of a poker face. Either way, she didn’t want to have a conversation with him. What was done was done and there was no need in rehashing the past.

“I’m tired,” Shayla told him. “I’ve been standing on my feet all day.”

“Then let me buy you dinner,” he asserted. “We can sit and talk for a while.”

Buy you dinner…even the way he said it sounded smug. “Carter, I just—”

“We need to talk. Don’t you agree?” he asked, coaching her with his eyes.

Shayla looked down at the keys in her hand. Of course they needed to talk. The note she’d written him – that she was moving out – got her point across while showing her desire for independence, but it didn’t express any real feelings. Could a person really understand what another person’s true feelings were in written format? The reader could misconstrue words, add exclamation marks in their mind that the writer didn’t intend. Face-to-face interaction was the only way to guarantee understanding without assumptions. But why now after two months?

Shayla looked up at him, staring in his eyes, feeling nauseous. The thought of actually sitting down and having dinner with him was unnerving. What was there to talk about anyway? The theater showdown between the two? Her upcoming move to Virginia? What did he want?

“How about you follow me to Carrabba’s?” he suggested.

Shayla looked at him intently when he said the name of the restaurant – the first restaurant he’d taken her for dinner. The restaurant where they’d literally had a breakthrough, moments that will forever bond them even if they never spoke another word to each other. As she stared at him and watched a few cars whiz by, she knew there was no way she could sit through dinner with him. No way.

So taking a deep breath and bracing herself for what he might say in response, she said, “No. I can’t do dinner. I’m tired and I—” Shayla threw her hands up in the air, running out of excuses. She stepped around him and walked away out of frustration. If she could only get to the car…

Carter walked quickly to catch up to her before she was able to. He touched both of her arms, prompting her to look at him.

It worked, because Shayla looked into his eyes, feeling her temperature rise. It seemed as if his hands had branded themselves onto her skin.

“What have I ever asked of you, Shayla?” he said, staring deep into her eyes, putting her under his spell. His body language said he would make her make time, no matter what she said to turn him down. He wouldn’t leave without getting his way. “All I want is to talk. That’s it. Why can’t we do that?”

Shayla swallowed hard, looking up at him. “Why now? Why do we need to talk this instant?”

“Because we need to.”

So Jackie must have told him I was moving. That’s why he came here. To torture me before I leave. Shayla rolled her eyes and said, “Yeah, okay,” just to mollify him, knowing from experience that he wouldn’t stop until he got what he wanted. Besides, she was leaving Charlotte in a few weeks and after tonight, she never had to see him again. Never had to succumb to his charm and authority.

* * *

At the restaurant, she trailed him in and they sat in a booth – she sitting opposite of him. And while Shayla sat there avoiding his eyes, Carter took a moment to read her, trying to understand her feelings and emotions for him, all the while thinking about what he’d learned from his aunt – the most important thing being that Shayla was leaving for a new job in Norfolk soon.

“So, how have you been?” he asked extremely casual, interlocking his large, strong hands and giving her his complete and undivided attention.

“I’ve been okay,” she said, looking down at the menu. The knots in her stomach were making her sick.

“Just okay?” He stared at her hard as if trying to read her thoughts.

Shayla nodded.

The waitress brought over two glasses of water. Carter ordered chicken parmesan. Shayla didn’t order a thing. She couldn’t keep food down even if she wanted to. The man of her dreams was sitting across from her…still didn’t change the fact that she was upset with him and needed to get away as soon as possible. There was no sense in hanging on to hope that he would eventually see her as a woman worthy of having a relationship with. And she was at a disadvantage, because she still had to rely on him. She was still driving the man’s car…

When the waitress walked away, Carter locked his eyes on her again. “You’re not hungry?”

“No.” She was too nervous to eat. Plus breaking bread with him would make it seem like all was forgiven when the reality was, her heart was broken and he was the one who did the damage.

Carter tapped his fingertips on the table. He had to admit to himself that the only reason he wanted to talk to her so urgently was because of his conversation with Jacqueline. Shayla was moving away and he wasn’t okay with that. He wondered if Shayla would tell him about her relocation or did she deem it none of his business. “How are things at the shop?”

“Fine,” she said, staring out the window.

Carter studied her again. “You know at some point in our conversation, you’re gonna have to look at me.”

Do I have to, Shayla thought. Looking at him had the same effect kryptonite had on Superman – it made her weak.

“Shayla?”

Shayla looked at him now, feeling her heart beat faster.

“That’s better,” he said with a half smile, feeling an urge to reach across the table to hold her hand, touch her arm…something that would connect them while simultaneously relaxing her. “So it’s been eight weeks since we last spoke. How are you physically?”

Like you really care? If that was the case, it would not have taken you eight weeks to ask. “I’m fine.”

“Good,” he said, inhaling deeply and feeling a slight bit of relief that she was well. “So I spoke with Jacqueline this morning.”

“That’s nice.” Shayla took a sip of water. Seemed as if her body temperature rose at least ten degrees.

“She said you were leaving the shop for another job.”

And how is that any of your business? Shayla inhaled a deep breath. “Yeah, I am.”

“So where will you be working?”

Why do you care? That’s what she wanted to say, but instead said, “At a tech firm.”

“Does this tech firm have a name?” he asked, shooting her a penetrating look.

“You probably wouldn’t know it, so—”

“Try me.”

“Zenadel Electronics.”

“Oh.” He nodded like he was familiar with the place. He remembered one of his fraternity brothers taking a position at that very same company and he wondered if he still worked there. “What side of town is that on?”

“It’s not in Charlotte,” Shayla said, though she had a suspicion he already knew that.

“Where is it?”

“It’s in Norfolk.”

“Virginia?” he said, trying to hide the frown in his forehead but to no avail.

“Yes.”

“So you’re moving to Virginia?”

“Yep.”

Her short answers were driving him insane. The woman he loved was moving away. The least she could do was have a conversation with him.

“Wow,” he said, shocked. His aunt had been right. She was moving. “That’s a big move for you.”

Shayla snapped her head back. What’s that supposed to mean? He said it in a way that insinuated she couldn’t handle it by herself and that irritated her. “Yeah, that’s what I need in my life. A big move. It will be good for me.”

Carter frowned, then quickly removed the disturbance from his forehead before she saw it. “You know anyone there?”

“No.”

“So where will you be staying?”

“In an extended stay hotel until I can find a suitable apartment.”

Carter didn’t like that one bit. If they were still on good terms, she’d be still living in his home. Now she was moving to a new city where she didn’t know anyone and would be living out of a hotel room. “Well, I wanted to take this opportunity to let you know that I didn’t want things to end like they did between us,” he said devoid of emotion. He stated it matter of factly.

Didn’t want things to end like they did between us, Shayla tossed around in her mind. He said it like they were once in an exclusive relationship that didn’t work out. But there was no actual relationship, so what thing did he not want to end? A friendship? “Well things did end,” she said looking at him. “And I realize now that it was for the best. I’m not doing bad on my own.”

Her casual response incensed him. “Really, ‘cause you’re going to be living in a hotel, Shayla,” he erupted, not able to hide his frustration any longer.

Shayla kept her cool. “It’s only temporary. I’ll find an apartment soon enough.”

With a tightened jaw, he glanced out the window to process it. Her living in a hotel was a step backwards. A few more steps in the wrong direction and she would be homeless again. “I noticed you haven’t been using the money I put into that account for you. There’s about four thousand dollars in there? Why don’t you use that to get a place?”

“No.” Shayla unzipped her purse, removed the bank card from her wallet and placed it on the table in front of him. “Rebecca has been paying me for my work at the shop. I’ll get a place when I earn enough money to afford one.”

“Shayla—”

“I don’t want your money, Carter,” she said irritated. “I’d rather live in a hotel than take another dime from you.”

Carter swallowed hard, feeling anger build up in his heart.

Shayla continued, “And I know I still have stuff at your house. I’ll stop by and pick it up as soon as I have time. Then I’ll give you your house and car keys back.”

Dismissing everything she said, Carter asked, “What happened to us?”

“Us?” Shayla chuckled. Was this man losing it or what? “There was ever an us.”

“There was and you know it,” Carter bellowed. “We were close. I’ve shared things with you that I’ve never told anyone. You confided in me about your life, your struggles, your past. We had a strong friendship and out of the blue you decide to end it all with a note.”

“I ended it all? Really?” she asked, with raised brows.

Glaring, Carter replied, “You’re the one who moved out so yeah, Shayla. You ended it.”

A few of the patrons sitting closest to them were looking now to see where all the loud talk and arguing was coming from, but neither Carter, nor Shayla gave two cents about the attention they were drawing. They were focused on making their point. He didn’t back down and neither would she.

“I moved out because we weren’t getting along,” Shayla exclaimed. “Plus you told me to leave.”

“No I didn’t.”

“Yes, you did, Carter. You don’t remember that day at the movie theater when you practically bit my freakin’ head off telling me all the things you did for me. You said I could get my stuff and leave. You don’t remember that?”

“Yeah, but you have to understand I said that only after you had already made it clear to me you wanted to go. You made the first move, not me.”

“Well, I don’t get why this is still relevant,” Shayla told him. “It’s been eight weeks and I honestly don’t know why you wanted to have dinner with me tonight.”

Carter wanted to tell her that he missed her, that he was lonely in that big house without her there and he was sorry for the way things ended. Instead, he said, “I just wanted to see you.”

“Okay, well now that you’ve seen me, I’m gonna go.” She stood and threw her purse strap over her shoulders.

“Shayla.”

“What?”

Carter’s heart wanted him to say things his mind wouldn’t let him. After all, this was the woman who left him by writing a mere note, the woman who was moving away in a few weeks. And it was going against everything he’d ever known to actually tell a woman that he loved her.

“What?” she asked again, frowning.

Carter could see she was anxious to leave, so instead of making the conversation deeper he said, “If I don’t see you again before you leave, I want you to know that…” He paused. Those three words, I love you, were on the tip of his tongue, but he couldn’t say it, even though he knew, without a shadow of doubt that he loved her. “I just want you to know that if you need me for anything, you can call me.”

“Thanks, but I’ll find a way to make it work on my own.” With that, Shayla walked away.

Carter couldn’t find justification in chasing her. He never chased any woman before and he had no rights to her. Maybe her moving away was what they both needed but still it bothered him, having come to that conclusion.





Chapter 5





“I don’t know what I’m doing,” Carter admitted with bloodshot red eyes as he sat on the couch in Dr. Westbrook’s office a week later. She was the same doctor he’d taken Shayla. The doctor Jacob saw before he passed. Now the tables had turned and he was the patient. Never in a million years did Carter think he would have to resort to therapy, but the battle going on in his head and heart had finally erupted into an all out war that he could no longer mediate.

Dr. Westbrook watched him hang his head in despair, interlock his fingers and stare down at the floor. When he was at her office a few months ago supporting Shayla, Dr. Westbrook told him that he needed to tell Shayla about his relation to Jacob. Keeping it a secret that her ex-fiancé was his brother would do nothing but harm in the long run. It didn’t matter that Jacob had committed suicide…she still needed to know. “So I take it you finally told Shayla about Jacob?” Dr. Westbrook said with a look of satisfaction and crossed her legs.

“No. I didn’t tell her. I don’t know how.”

A surprised look touched her face. “Is that why you’re here? To get advice on how to tell her?”

Carter blew a hard breath. “Shayla and I got into an argument a couple of months ago and she moved out. Yesterday, I saw her for the first time in eight weeks.”

“What was the argument about?”

“Um…” Carter paused, because he didn’t want to get into that. The problem was, he wasn’t sure what he wanted to accomplish by seeing the doctor today. He just needed to talk to somebody. So with beads of sweat on his forehead, he looked at her and said, “She thought I was seeing someone.”

Carter remembered the dejected look on Shayla’s face the night he told her they could be just friends. His thought pattern at the time was, if Shayla believed Genevieve was his girlfriend, then her feelings for him would subside. It was ridiculous for a grown man to play those kind of games, he knew, but he saw it as a quick way of letting her know he couldn’t be involved with her. After all, how could he do that to his brother?

With raised eyebrows, Dr. Westbrook asked, “Were you seeing someone?”

“No.”

“So what would make her think that?”

“One of my female coworkers came by my house while I was at work to drop off some papers for me and Shayla assumed she was someone I was seeing. Being completely honest, I actually wanted Shayla to think I was with the woman.”

“Why?”

“So she wouldn’t fall in love with me. I know that sounds ludicrous and juvenile, but that’s what happened.”

“If you love Shayla, Mr. Williams, why wouldn’t you want her to fall in love with you?”

“Because I can’t do that to my brother,” Carter said in anguish, his face turning red. “I loved my brother. We just…we couldn’t work things out.”

Dr. Westbrook uncrossed her legs and shook her head. “So let me get this straight…you can’t be with Shayla because she and your brother, Jacob, had a relationship when he was alive.”

Carter nodded, fiddling with his thumbs. “It was more than just a relationship. They were engaged to be married. She was in love with him.”

“And now she’s in love with you. So here’s the question of the hour…what gives you the right to break her heart because you feel guilty?”

Silence.

“Mr. Williams, this is a serious matter, but the resolution is quite simple. Tell her about Jacob. I told you to do that months ago, and if you done it back then, you wouldn’t be here today.”

“I can’t tell her,” Carter said feeling his stomach tighten. “I told you that months ago.”

“Well, you have to. There’s no other way.”

“I can’t,” Carter maintained.

The doctor frowned slightly. “Give me one good reason why you can’t tell her. And I want you to really think about this before you answer, because from my previous interactions with you, Mr. Williams, I know you are a professional man, very well-spoken, considerate and respectful. I saw the way you and Shayla interacted in my office that day and I knew right away that you cared for her. So tell me why it is that you can’t talk to Shayla about Jacob?”

Carter sighed heavily. “If I tell her, not only would she think I’m a liar, untrustworthy and disloyal. She would know that everything she went through on the streets – the harsh weather, being robbed, beaten, begging for money and food – all those hardships she faced after Jacob’s death was my fault.”

“Why would that be your fault?”

“Because of this.” Carter stood, took his wallet from his back pocket and handed Dr. Westbrook Jacob’s suicide note.

Dr. Westbrook took it, asked Carter what it was before she unfolded it and was shocked when he told her that it was from Jacob. She read through it quickly, paying particular interest to Jacob’s request at the end of the note:

I know you’re under no obligation to do this, but this is my last and final wish. I’ve never asked you for anything, even in my most dire straights, but this I ask of you because I want Shayla to be happy. I want her to have the kind of life that you can give her. Please tell her I’m sorry I left this way. Tell her it’s for the best and that in some way, I’m doing this for her. Take care of her for me. She’s innocent in all of this and I want to make sure that she’s taken care of. I love her, Carter. Make sure she knows that. Make her happy. In the end, I’m sorry it had to be this way.

When the doctor looked up at him, he said, “I failed. I didn’t take care of her. I didn’t look for her like I should have. So like I said, everything she went through is my fault and when she reads this note, she’ll know that. But you know what…it’s all a moot point anyway, especially since she’s relocating to Virginia at the end of the month.”

“She has family there?” she asked, handing him the note back.

“No,” Carter said growing irritated with all her questions now. “She got a job and decided to move to get away from me. She didn’t say that outright, but I know that’s why she’s leaving.”

Dr. Westbrook thought for a moment. She was worried about Shayla moving away and living on her own. It was her opinion that Shayla still needed to come to terms with Jacob’s death, and it didn’t help matters that she and Carter was now involved in some convoluted, nonexistent love triangle dispute. “Mr. Williams, there is no other way. I can’t stress this enough. You have to tell her. Let her make the decision on what she wants to do. If she chooses to forgive you, then everything is back to normal, right? But if she doesn’t then at least you will have the satisfaction of getting this boulder lifted from your shoulder.”

“I would rather carry around a boulder than lose her.”

“I hate to put it so bluntly, but from the looks of things, you’ve already lost her.”

Carter dropped his head, his forehead leaning against his palms. He had already lost her, but the last thing he needed right now was a therapist who made him feel worthless. So irritated with Dr. Westbrook’s choice of words, he said, “I’m sorry. I should’ve never come here. I’m just gonna go.”

Before he could stand, Dr. Westbrook said, “Mr. Williams, wait a sec. I know how difficult this is, but you have to tell her.”

“I can’t. How many times do I have to say that?” he snapped. “You’re the doctor. You knew my brother, and you know Shayla, so why is it so difficult for you to understand my point of view on this?”

“I do understand, but you have to understand the consequences of your actions. It’ll hurt her even more when she finds out on her own. You do know that at some point, in one way or another, she will find out.”

“Well, maybe not since she’s moving away. I guess this is how it is supposed to happen. She moves a way, I never see her again and my life goes back to normal. Everything happens for a reason, right? Isn’t that what you mindbenders teach to make people feel optimistic about the disappointment in their lives?”

Dr. Westbrook furrowed her brows, picked up a pen and scribbled a note.

“I wouldn’t even be here right now if you’d done your job in the first place! My brother came to see you. He wouldn’t talk to me, but he talked to you and you mean to tell me there was nothing you could do to prevent him from taking his life?” Carter eyes darkened, and he could feel a thick coating of anger overtaking him.

“Now wait a minute, Mr. Williams. I know you’re not implying—”

“That’s what I don’t understand about you people,” Carter interrupted. “You’re not even here to help folks…the only thing you do is listen to people tell you about their problems but not doing a thing to help them out of their own personal crisis. And because of it, my lil’ brother is dead!” A tear fell from Carter’s eye. He swiped it away quickly, stood up and said, “Forget this. I’m out.”

He slid on his shades and left her office, passing through a waiting area then walked by the receptionist, giving her a flimsy head nod on the way out.





Chapter 6





Even though he knew he was running out of time, Carter let a few more days go by without trying to contact Shayla. He fought with himself about what to do – carry on his carefree life as normal, or live without the only woman who was able to touch his heart. He told himself to let her go a million times, that she would be better off without him. The only problem was, he couldn’t stop thinking about her. Mad, confused and all – he could not stop thinking about her.

At work, he sat up tall in his leather chair, took his spare glasses from the top drawer of his desk. His mind was so scattered, he’d forgotten to put in his contacts before leaving for work in the morning.

He glanced at his watch. It was a little after three in the afternoon. He took his cell from the desk, found the number to the flower shop in his contact list and dialed the number.

“Rebecca’s Flowers. How can I help you?” Rebecca answered.

“Hi Rebecca. This is Carter…was wondering if Shayla was around?”

Rebecca rolled her eyes. “No. She’s not here right now.”

Carter sighed. “Rebecca, I just want to talk to her,” he said, thinking she was there and Rebecca was lying, covering for her.

“She’s not here. Look, Carter, I’m not trying to come in between you and Shayla and I’ve appreciated your business over the years but all I’m gonna say is, just because you are who you are doesn’t give you the right to treat her like crap.”

“What are you talking about?” he frowned.

“I’m talking about the night she came home crying her eyes out…the night you supposedly took her out to dinner.”

“Look, are you gonna put her on the phone or not?”

“I told you she’s not here,” Rebecca said flustered.

“Ah’ight. Fine. Sorry to bother you.” Carter dropped his phone on his new desktop calendar. Then he heard his desk phone beep a few times – a page from Julie.

He pressed the intercom button. “Yeah?”

“Meeting in fifteen,” Julie said. “The folks from the Rock Hill office just arrived.”

“Thanks, Julie.”

“Welcome, Sir.”

Carter hung his head. He was in no shape to have a meeting today. And what time would this meeting get out? Nine at night? Ten?

His cell ringing interrupted his thoughts. He looked at the number on the display and quickly answered it. “Hello?”

“Carter,” Rebecca said with empathy in her voice. “Look, the only thing I know is what Shayla tells me. To me, it seemed as if you cared about her—”

“I do care,” Carter interjected. “I know I’ve messed things up and I really need to talk to her, so if she’s there, can you please put her on the phone?”

“She’s not here. She actually…um…”

“What?”

Rebecca sighed, struggling with whether or not to tell him where Shayla was…that she was actually at his house.

“What is it, Rebecca?”

Rebecca sighed again. “She went by your place to get the rest of her stuff.”

Carter immediately ended the call, slid his phone in his coat pocket, snatched his keys from the top drawer of his desk and on his way out, he told Julie, “I’m not going to make the meeting.”

“But, Sir—”

“I’m not going to make it, Julie. I have an emergency.” He walked swiftly towards the hallway where the elevators were located.

“Carter, they’re expecting you to be there. I’ve already confirmed you.”

“Well unconfirm me.”

“And what am I supposed to tell them when they ask why you’re not here.”

“I don’t know, Julie. Tell ‘em I had an emergency, or make up something else. I don’t care.”

With that, he took the long elevator ride down to the basement level parking. Then he jumped in his car with one thing on his mind – getting to his house before Shayla left.

* * *

In her old room in Carter’s house, Shayla emptied her closet, asking herself if she even had a right to take the clothes since Carter had purchased them. Technically, they belonged to him, but what would he do with leftover articles of size eight women’s clothing? So she packed the clothes anyway, along with lotion, perfume, nail polish – everything she left behind was coming with her to Norfolk in two black suitcases. She zipped both bags, latching on to them while carefully descending the stairs. When she saw Carter standing at the base of them, in the foyer, she felt her stomach turn sour. What is he doing here, she thought. So much for making a clean break.

He waited until she was at the base of the stairway, standing directly in front of him in the foyer and said, “Can you put the bags down so we can talk?”

“We’ve already talked. I just wanna go.”

“You’re not leaving until I say what I have to say to you.” He stood tall in front of her, pushing his glasses tighter onto his face.

“Well can you hurry up and say it so I can go?” Shayla said with a shaky voice, dropping the bags next to her side. It was a confusing feeling to be so angry with someone she loved so much.

Carter took a breath. “At the restaurant, all I was trying to say is that we used to communicate about everything, which is why I can’t understand why you would write me a note and leave like I’m nothing to you. Look at you…in here, getting your stuff and ‘bout to leave like it’s that easy.”

Tears fell effortlessly from her eyes. “If it was so easy, I wouldn’t be in tears right now,” she forced out, avoiding eye contact with him then brushed the wetness from her face. Even after she’d been gone for eight weeks, it still wasn’t an easy task to gather the rest of her things, the reason why she’d put it off for so long in the first place.

“Then if it’s not easy,” Carter said stepping closer to her, “Why are you leaving?”

Shayla wiped her eyes, got herself together and gripped both bags again. “Excuse me. I need to go. I have a taxi coming and—”

“Why are you leaving me, Shayla?” Carter asked and didn’t move a step. “You really gon’ do this to me?”

Still gripping the handle of the bags, Shayla took a deep breath and said, “I left your house keys and the keys to your car on the coffee table in the living room.”

“You really gon’ do this to me, Shayla?” he asked frowning, feeling chest pains.

“I’m doing you a favor.” She dropped the bags yet again.

“How’s breaking my heart doing me a favor?”

More tears fell from Shayla’s eyes, yet she managed to let out a sarcastic chuckle. “Breaking your heart…like that’s even possible. But one thing is for sure. You don’t have to worry about sneaking around with women anymore with me out of the picture.”

“What women? There are no women.”

“Whatever, Carter. Just—”

“Listen to me, Shayla. Jeez! Why won’t you just listen?”

“Because I can’t. Not anymore.”

Ignoring her, Carter confessed, “Genevieve and I work together. That’s it.”

Liar. Shayla shook her head. “She said y’all meet at the hotel for dates.”

“Yes, work dates, and it’s not just the two of us. There’s a group of us that meet once a quarter at The Blake Hotel.”

“I don’t care, okay? There’s no need for you to explain anything to me. This doesn’t even feel right. Since when does Carter Williams have to explain anything to anyone?”

Carter thought about what she said for a moment. When had he ever had to explain himself to anyone? He was the boss, the man in charge at work and in his own life. He never had anyone to answer to, and now, he found himself in this situation, guarding his front door so the woman he loved didn’t walk out of it. He remembered how, in February, they stood in the foyer together, when she’d first came to his place. He remembered how her body felt on top if his as he consoled her, her warm breathing tickling his skin. He recalled feeling her tears burn down his chest like mercury, the first time he’d seen her smile, the smell of her freshly washed hair. He asked himself for the last time if he could live without her, feeling chest pains at the thought of not having her. But what about Jacob?

The taxi cab driver honked for her, but before Shayla walked out the door she thought for a moment how much this man meant to her. He had provided for her, taken care of her. This was a bittersweet moment. So instead of leaving him with angry words like he’d left her with at the movie theater that day, she turned to him and said with a shaky, trembling voice, “I’m grateful for everything you’ve done for me, but it’s time for me to move on with my life. Please give me the chance to start over.” With that, she walked away.

How could he stand there and watch the woman he loved walk right out of his life? He would’ve fought harder if he thought he deserved her. Instead, he stood at the door, watched her throw her things in the trunk and slide into the back seat of the yellow cab.

When the cab drove away, he walked into the living room, saw the keys to the Lexus where Shayla said she’d left them – on the coffee table. He picked them up and squeezed them in his hand as if they made him feel closer to her. Why did he let her leave so easily?





Chapter 7





Shayla settled at extended stay hotel, a few miles outside of Norfolk in the city of Chesapeake, Virginia two days later. Her room was equipped with a microwave, refrigerator, stove and a queen bed – not bad for a person trying to start over. It couldn’t compare to Carter’s beautiful home, and he had given her free reign in his place like she was part owner. But that’s the thing, it was his place. Not hers, never hers and he made that quite clear to her. So hotel or not, she had a place to live. The bed was comfortable, the space was clean and it was her room. She didn’t have to share it with anyone.

Today, she started her first day at Zenadel Electronics. Her boss, Donovan Sharper, showed her to a cubicle and gave her a tour of the office, introduced her to the entire accounting department of twenty associates on the fourth floor of the building, and a few other people from different departments to which she would be interacting with the most. For the better part of the day, she shadowed a woman named Natasha Clayborn who gave her and overview of the accounting software program Zenadel used, as well as showed her where the mailroom was located. Natasha also took the liberty of taking Shayla to lunch and giving her a mini-tour of downtown Norfolk.

At the end of the day, Donovan sauntered over to her cubicle to ask her out to dinner. Said he took all the newbies to dinner on their first day. He wanted to see if her new job was something she could see herself doing for the foreseeable future. He had hired a woman two months ago for the same position and she couldn’t handle the demand of the job, ended up quitting and thus put unnecessary strain on the other associates. He wanted to avoid that from happening again if at all possible.

* * *

Shayla she sat across from Donovan at the restaurant, wondering if he took all of his new hires out to dinner like he said. Donovan was very attractive, a brown-skinned, tall man, built like a linebacker. He didn’t look like the type of guy who would be stuck in an office all day, working a white collar gig but that’s what he was doing and according to Natasha, he was the best at it.

“So, how was day one at Zenadel?” he asked, staring at her like this was job interview number two.

Shayla interlocked her fingers and looked at him. ‘Um…it was different.” She hadn’t had a professional career in quite some time. It would take a while for her to get back into the swing of things, she knew. But once she learned her new position, she would be the best at it. And she wouldn’t quit like the woman he had hired before. She was determined to make it on her own and without any help from Carter.

“Well, we’re going to take good care of you here. Our accounting department is a close-knit group. And they are all very professional people. I only hire the best.”

Shayla glanced up at Donovan. The man was a looker with his milk chocolate skin and chiseled face. She felt nervous at the thought of being out to dinner with him, even if it was an innocent business dinner with her boss. She hadn’t been to dinner with a man since Carter and for some reason, she didn’t like the way it felt to be out with someone besides him. Dinner with Carter felt right. He was right. But apparently, he didn’t think she was right for him.

“So where are you from, Shayla?”

“Charlotte.”

“Charlotte, North Carolina,” he sang, then took a sip of Merlot. “Beautiful city, isn’t it?”

She watched Donovan take another sip of Merlot. He’d ordered a glass for her also and all she could think about as she smelled the aroma of wine floating in the air around her was Carter. She remembered him being extra cautious of her drinking alcohol when she was on medication, even taking it away from her at times. And still on medication, now for high blood pressure, she wouldn’t touch the wine.

“So, you’ve been to Charlotte, huh?” she asked him.

“Lived there for about five years.”

“Really?”

“Yep. I transferred here when this job became available. I didn’t want to leave Charlotte, but I couldn’t pass up this opportunity.”

“That’s understandable.” Shayla took a sip of water.

“But Norfolk isn’t bad. Not bad at all, and, I’m right here by the ocean, so that’s a plus.”

“Yeah. It is.”

Donovan looked at her as if examining her thoughts. “So I take it this job brought you here also.”

The waitress walked over, took their orders and quickly walked away.

Shayla was still pondering his statement. No, the job didn’t bring her here. A man was her motivating factor for moving here, but Donovan didn’t need to know all of that. So she looked up at him and said, “Yeah…if I could find a position like this in Charlotte, I’d still be there.”

Donovan cracked a half smile. It was a lie and he knew it. He was shocked when he’d gotten a phone call from his old fraternity brother, Carter Williams, two days ago, asking him to look after Shayla while she was there. Carter didn’t give him any details about why he wanted Shayla to be monitored, and that peaked Donovan’s curiosity. Was Carter simply cashing in on a favor, or was there more? Donovan would try to find out without giving himself away.

“So you moved here alone?” he asked her.

“Yeah. It’s a good way of starting over, don’t you think?”

“Starting over from what?”

Shayla shrugged. “From being laid off and other personal stuff.” She wouldn’t go into any further details than that.

Donovan nodded. “And what about your living arrangements…you find a nice place here?”

“No…still looking. I’m at an extended stay hotel for the moment. I want to take my time and find a nice place…don’t wanna rush into anything.”

“You shouldn’t be staying at a hotel. I’ve had several employees who were like yourself… moving from out of town and looking for apartments. In the interim, they stayed with me. I have several guest bedrooms at my house. You can have one if you like.”

There is no way I’m staying with you, Shayla thought to herself. No freakin’ way. “That’s very generous of you, Mr. Sharper—”

“Please, call me Donovan.”

“Okay…Donovan…I appreciate the offer, but I’m fine where I am. Plus, it won’t take me long to find a place.”

“Okay, but just know the offer is on the table. In the meantime, I’ll be glad to go apartment hunting with you…show you were all the good neighborhoods are.”

“That would be nice.”

Once the food arrived, they were quietly eating for a moment. Donovan felt his phone vibrate and when he checked the display, he noticed it was Carter calling again. Donovan was so busy showing Shayla around the office and attending a few meetings during the day, he missed a call from Carter this morning, too. He was dying to know why the infamous Carter Williams had an interest in this woman. Were they involved? Who was she to him? He slid his phone into the breast pocket of his shirt and returned his attention back to Shayla.

“You have family back in Charlotte?” he asked her.

“Nope.” She dabbed the corners of her mouth with a white, cloth napkin. “Just a few friends.”

As a high executive at Zenadel, Donovan knew it was inappropriate to ask her about her love life. And it was really none of his business who she was dating, or if she’d been one of Carter’s victims. From his association with the man, Donovan knew Carter was a notorious player. And now he wondered if that’s why she left Charlotte? And if so, why was Carter so interested in her well-being when he could care less about any other woman he’d encountered? He wasn’t the type to chase women. It was quite the opposite.

“Well, you got a friend here, now.” He winked at her. “I’m usually always tied up at the office, but if you need anything, don’t hesitate to call me whether at work or after business hours.”

“Okay. I appreciate that,” Shayla said then finished her meal.





The two parted ways after dinner and Shayla drove straight to the hotel. And she sat there, in the car because she couldn’t bring herself to get out and spend another night alone with her thoughts. She felt herself become emotional and before she felt the first tears leave her eyes, she took some tissue from her purse, wondering when this sadness would go away.





Chapter 8


September 2010





Shayla was amazed at how fast the week went by. When she first moved, she thought it would drag on forever because of what she’d left behind. So it came as a relief that her life was going well and with no drama. Norfolk was a new beginning, but she couldn’t lie to herself. She thought about Carter often. He hadn’t tried to call her, not that she expected him too, but he was the man who pretended to be interested in her well being, her health, making sure she took her medication. She could clearly see now that it was all a fraud. If the man really cared for her, he wouldn’t have let her leave Charlotte in the first place. Right?

Still, she couldn’t deny that she missed him a great deal although she didn’t miss the drama and games he played with her heart. That part of her life was over.

Remembering some pointers she learned from Dr. Westbrook, she took up a few hobbies to keep herself busy. A busy person didn’t have time to sit around and dwell on the failings, tragedies and misfortunes in their life. So every morning before work, she walked a mile or two to clear her head. On Saturday mornings, she signed up to be a volunteer at a local library, reading books to five-year-olds.

She found herself there today, sitting on a big red cube, reading to a group of ten kids who were sitting in a circle around her. The story was about a little girl who wanted to be star. “There once was a little girl who wanted to be a…” She paused, turned the book to the kids, showed them the picture of a yellow star and they all blurted out, “Star!”

Shayla smiled. There was something refreshing about working with children. The joy of them – those cute, adorable little faces who had not a care in the world – had a way of making her forget their troubles. She looked at the book and continued reading. “She loved to play dress up and try on her mom’s…”

“Shoes!” the children blurted out when she turned the book their way.

“She brushed her hair and put on a pretty…”

“Hat!” they clamored.

Shayla smiled and continued, “Then she sung her favorite song as loud as she could. The end.”

“Yay,” the kids crooned, clapping their little hands.

“Read us another one,” one little girl said.

“Sorry, sweetie,” Shayla told her. “That’s all for today.”

“Aw,” they whined a harmonious whimper.

“But come back next Saturday, and I’ll read more, okay?”

“Yay!” they cheered again, then scrambled to their parents.

Shayla stacked the ten books she’d read and turned them in to the librarian. Then she went to lunch alone and returned to her hotel room for a nap.

* * *

When she finally got up, it was six in the evening. Having overslept, she missed the window of opportunity to go apartment shopping. She eased off the bed, dug her fingers in her hair to shake some life into it, then grabbed her purse and headed out the door for dinner. It would be another lonely, boring dinner and that bothered her, not because she would be in a restaurant full of people who would watch her eat by herself, but because she would be thinking about Carter while she ate, imagining he was sitting across from her with that dazzling white smile of his.

At the restaurant, she found herself doing just that. She was in a daze, holding the fork in her hand, staring out the window, watching the rain spot and string down the glass. She wondered what Carter was doing at this very moment.

“You look like you could use some cheering up.”

She turned her head in the direction of the familiar voice and saw Donovan standing there, in a black suit like he’d just left the office. “What are you doing here?” she asked him.

“This is one of my favorite spots. I’m surprised you found it. Most out-of-towners don’t know about this place.”

“Well, I have a lot of time on my hands, so…”

“Mind if I join you?”

After a long pause, Shayla gestured for him to sit.

Donovan smirked, then sat down across from her.

“You worked today?” she inquired.

“Yep...didn’t do much, though. I had a meeting and some reports I needed to get done.” Donovan watched her turn towards the window again, watching the rain. “Why do you look so sad?”

She looked at him like she was surprised he’d asked the question. “Just have a lot on my mind. I still need to find a place and—”

“Speaking of finding a place, when are we going apartment hunting?”

“I don’t know,” Shayla said. Albeit she needed one, an apartment would be something that would give her roots in Norfolk and she wasn’t ready for that. “I don’t want to take up your time.”

“I don’t mind. How about one day next week? Maybe Friday evening?”

Shayla thought hard about it. She didn’t want to spend much time with her boss, but now that he’d joined her for dinner…

“Think about it and let me know by Monday so I can make sure I don’t plan anything, okay?” he told her.

Shayla nodded.

Donovan ordered a fish platter and dug in right away, especially since Shayla was done with her dinner. To keep her from leaving, he insisted she try the cheesecake. Said it was to die for and the best in the area. His plan worked.

“So what did you do today?” he asked, but he already knew she was at the library. He followed her there before he went to the office.

“Not much of anything.”

He gave her an inquisitive glare. “No?”

“Um…nope. Oh, wait. I did go to the library to read to a group of kids this morning.”

“That’s admirable. You like children?”

“Yeah…always wanted some of my own, but…”

“Just never happened, huh?”

“Gotta find the right man, first. I’m a first-comes-love, then-comes-marriage type of girl.”

“Okay,” Donovan said with a smile on his face. He could respect that, but he knew Carter definitely was not that type of man. At least he didn’t used to be.

“What about you? You like children?” Shayla asked.

“Yeah. I have a son. He’s five.” Donovan wiped his hands, took his wallet from his back pocket, pulled out a picture of his son and handed it to her.

“Aw…he’s cute. Looks just like you,” she commented.

“That’s what everyone says.” Donovan took a sip of water.

“What’s his name?” she asked, handing the picture back to him.

“He’s a junior, named after me…my wife’s idea.”

Shayla hadn’t realized he was married until now. She glanced at his ring finger to see if he was wearing a band and sure enough… “I didn’t know you were married.” She told him, not that she was hitting on him or anything. She just stated it.

“I was married. My wife died giving birth to our son.”

“Oh, no.” Shayla grimaced. “I’m so sorry to hear that.”

“It’s okay. It was rough the few years after it happened, losing my wife and instantly becoming a single father, but five years later, I think I’m finally ready to move on.”

“Well, good for you.” She turned her head towards the window again. It was beginning to rain harder and she wondered if it would let up before it was time to leave.

“It’s weird because I never thought I wanted to get married again but I miss the married life. Being a bachelor takes a toll on a man.”

“How so?”

“It’s draining…the amount of attention I get from women…makes me wonder what happened to the days when men had to almost beg to go out with a woman. Now, women are more aggressive. Call me old-fashioned, but I like to be the chaser, not the chasee.”

“I think that’s the way it should be.”

He smiled and nodded. A woman with some common sense, finally. “So where are your folks from?”

“My Mother passed when I was very young and I never knew my father. Why do you ask?”

“Your last name…the spelling of it isn’t that common and I know a few Kline’s.”

“They live here?”

“Near here…in Virginia Beach.”

The waitress brought over a slice of cheesecake, dripping with strawberry sauce and decorated with the biggest, juiciest strawberries Shayla had ever seen. The single slice was so huge, it could be cut into four smaller slices that would equate to normal serving sizes.

Donovan watched her dig the fork in it, then tasted a chunk of it. “Good, right?”

“It’s delicious, but there’s no way I can eat it all.”

“I’ll eat the rest,” he told her.

After a few more bites, Shayla placed her fork on the table and stretched her arms up in the air. The rain had calmed down considerably to a misting and this was her out. “Well, I’m tired and sleepy so I’m gonna head out.”

“You can’t leave yet. I haven’t had any cheesecake.”

Shayla smiled.

“Give me ten minutes,” Donovan mumbled through chewing a piece of fish. “Ten minutes.”

“Okay.” She watched him eat, then with her right elbow on the table, she balled a fist, leaned her head against it and looked out the window.

Donovan wiped his mouth and took a sip of water. “So what are you really doing here, Shayla?”

“I told you…starting over.”

“From what?”

“Um…” Shayla smiled and frowned at the same time. It would be so unprofessional to start spilling her guts to him about all of her problems, but she supposed she could tell him a little. “There was this guy. I thought he had feelings for me the same way I had for him, but come to find out, he was seeing someone else.”

Donovan shook his head. That’s the Carter he remembered all right. “Well, I’m sure you’ll have no problem finding someone who’ll respect you, love you and take care of you like you deserve,” he said like he wanted the job.

“Yeah, but I’m in no hurry. Besides, self-discovery is the best medicine. Once I figure out who I am and why my life is where it is right now, then I can move on and think about relationships again. Until then, I’m going to ride solo.”

“I feel you on that.” Donovan bit into his last piece of fish.

“I think I’ll order that the next time,” Shayla said staring at his plate.

“Oh, I’m sorry. Where are my manners? Would you like to try some?”

She smiled. “No. I’m stuffed. You go ahead.”

“When a man offers you some of his food, you’re supposed to take it, right? Isn’t that what people say?”

Her smile faded away because she remembered Carter said something similar to her when she was in the hospital.

“Something wrong?” Donovan inquired when he noticed her sudden shift in mood.

“No. I’m just tired.”

“Okay, well let’s go.”

“No, Donovan. You don’t have to rush off with me. Stay and finish your food.”

“I’m done.” He tossed the last chunk of fish in his mouth.

“What about the cheesecake?”

“I’ll get a to-go box for it.”

He took his check and hers from the table to see how much they were, pulled two twenty dollar bills from his wallet to cover it. Once the waitress boxed up the cheesecake, he stood, took her hand and helped her out of the booth.

Side-by-side they walked on the wet, puddle-filled pavement until Shayla was standing at the driver side door of her car. It was dark outside and the tall lights in the parking lot were bright enough so that they could see each other.

“Thanks for dinner,” she told him.

“You’re welcome. Have a good night, Shayla.”

“You too.”

She pressed the unlock button on her keychain remote.

“If you would like, I can follow you to your hotel…make sure you get there safely,” Donovan offered.

“Thanks, but I’ll be fine.”

“Yeah, but then I’d be left wondering if you made it okay.” Unbeknownst to her, Donovan would be following her anyway in order to report back to Carter, but she wouldn’t know that.

“How about I call you when I get there?”

“What if you forget?”

Shayla laughed. “I won’t forget.”

Donovan grunted. “Okay, but as soon as you make it to your room, call me.”

“I will.” Shayla thanked him for dinner again, opened the door and sat in the driver’s seat. “I’ll see you back at the office next week.”

“Okay.” Donovan pushed the door shut for her, watching her start her engine. When she drove off, he jogged to his car so that he could be minutes behind her on the road because he would sit in the parking lot of her hotel and watch her again tonight.

* * *

Shayla sat alone in her car at the hotel. She’d shut off the engine, took her purse from the driver seat and placed it on her lap. Before she could get out of the car, tears sprang from her eyes, the same as every night this week. It was happening so often, it seemed to be an involuntary action. She moved away from Carter and started her life over. Why was she still upset to the point of tears?

She buried her face in her hands and cried her eyes out. She knew why Carter didn’t want to be with her—knew she wasn’t good enough for him. That was a hard thing for a woman or anyone to come to terms with. For her, it was especially difficult because Carter was the only man, besides Jacob, that she’d loved and felt comfortable with. And he didn’t want her…

The melodic tapping on the window startled her. Shayla jumped and felt her heart rate increase. With flooded eyes, she turned to see who it was and there was Donovan, standing there. She thought she’d left him at the restaurant.

“Shayla, unlock the door,” he told her.

She did as he asked, then stepped out.

“Come here,” he said, reaching for her and holding her in his embrace, her tears dampening his suit jacket.

Shayla didn’t ask him what he was doing there. She just fell into his arm and cried harder.

“It’s going to be okay,” Donovan told her, consoling her and rubbing her back. His concern and care only made her cry harder.

“Come on. Let me walk you to your room.” He threw an arm around her shoulder then as they walked, she tearfully told him her room number, taking a room keycard from her purse.

Unlocking the door and letting her pass, Donovan watched her sit on the bed. Tears were dropping from her eyes and she had the saddest face he’d ever seen on a woman.

He walked over and kneeled in front of her. “Whatever’s bothering you, force it out of your mind, sweetheart, because it’s not worth it.”

Shayla dabbed her eyes and hung her head low. Her hair hid her face.

Donovan unbuckled her sandal straps and slid her shoes off one-by-one. He stood, turned her covers back and summoned her to get in the bed.

Once she was comfortably positioned, he pulled the covers over her, tucking her in and caring for her. “Just so you know, I’m not leaving until you’ve stopped crying.”

More tears rolled from her eyes, then she closed them and slowly began to relax.

Carter sure did a number on you, Donovan thought as he watched her fall asleep. He had to assume she was somehow involved with Carter and when things went sour, she left Charlotte. And it must’ve been pretty bad if leaving the city was her only recourse. He looked at her again, watching her breathe gentle and sweet. He eased up from the bed, slowly, so as not to wake her. Then he took one of her room keycards, turned off the lights and exited her room.





Chapter 9





“Good morning,” Donovan said sitting on Shayla’s bed, watching her wake up. He’d been admiring her for the last fifteen minutes or so, wondering how someone could be so beautiful while they slept. Even after sobbing last night, she didn’t have puffy eyes or any redness…just big, bright darling eyes that she opened wide to see him sitting on her bed.

“What are you doing here?” she asked evenly. “Did you spend the night with me?”

Her soft, seductive-like morning voice gave him a chill. “No. I took your key and came back this morning…only been here for like five minutes,” he said, but he’d been there longer.

Shayla yawned.

“I got breakfast.” He pointed to the Bojangles’ bag in the kitchenette. “Got coffee too.”

Shayla stretched her arms in the air, remembering what happened last night. She was outside in the parking lot, crying and Donovan had come to see what was wrong. But where did he come from? Did he actually follow her to the hotel from the restaurant, and why?

“Come on. Let’s eat.”

“Okay.” She pushed the covers back with her feet, then walked over to the table, joining him.

He took the food from the bag – some chicken biscuits and hash browns. Unwrapping his biscuit, he said, “I trust you slept well.”

“As well as I could. Actually I didn’t get up not once last night.”

“Good. I was worried about that.”

“Why?”

“I didn’t want you crying again.”

Shayla smiled, took the lid from her coffee, found some sugar and cream in the bag and stirred some of both in her cup. “Thanks for breakfast.”

“You’re welcome.”

Donovan felt his phone vibrate. He took it out, saw Carter’s number on the display. He couldn’t answer it now if he wanted to, not that he did. In a way, he was upset that Carter would hurt a woman like Shayla. But then again, breaking hearts was Carter’s specialty.

Donovan was no saint. He’d broken a few in his day, but falling in love all those years ago had completely changed his perspective on women. And when his wife died, it broke his heart.

“What are you thinking about?” Shayla asked him. She’d caught him daydreaming.

Donovan came out of his trance and looked at her. “Nothing.”

“Probably regretting that you hired a basket case, huh?”

“We all have our struggles.”

“Yeah…some more so than others.”

Donovan wiped his mouth. “What’s your struggle, Shayla?”

She inhaled deeply. “The feeling of not being wanted. I struggle with that a lot.”

“And who wouldn’t want you?” he asked in a way that suggested he certainly wouldn’t mind having her.

“Um…”

“Sorry…don’t mean to pry.”

Shayla took a sip of coffee, glancing up at Donovan, not comfortable enough with him to share details of her personal life just yet. She unwrapped a chicken biscuit and took a bite of it.

“I want you to spend the day with me,” Donovan told her.

“Hunh?”

“Spend the day with me, and I won’t take no for an answer.”

A nervous smile kept her from responding right away, but after her long pause, she replied, “I can’t.”

“Why not? What do you have planned on a Sunday that you can’t spend the day with me?”

Absolutely nothing. “I’m exhausted,” she mumbled through chewing.

“Me, too. I work longer hours than you. Now spend the day with me.” He took a sip of coffee and waited for her response.

“Okay. I’ll spend the day with you.”

A satisfied glow covered his face.

“What are our plans?” she quipped.

“I have several things I need to pick up from Greenbrier Mall. Have you been there yet?”

“No…never even heard of it.”

“Well, I figured we’d head there first, then later, I would like to take you to dinner at this nice place in Virginia Beach called Ocean Eddie’s. I think you’ll love it.”

* * *

Shayla didn’t know she could have so much fun at a mall. Donovan really put his firm business demeanor off to the side so that he could focus on cheering her up. Never in a million years would she think he’d be up in Victoria’s Secret helping her choose body sprays. And he wouldn’t let her pay for a thing – not the eighty dollar’s worth of lotion and perfume from Victoria’s Secret, the pair of Nike’s she picked out from Footlocker or the silver charm bracelet from Zales Jewelers – everything was on him.

They left the mall a little after four which left plenty of time for the drive to Virginia Beach for dinner. And while they rode there, Donovan talked about his family. Said his parents were still married and had been for over thirty years. He told her more about his son, how he was a good student and was a soccer player for a junior league.

Turning on Atlantic Avenue, he said, “Now we need to find somewhere to park near Fifteenth Street.” He drove a few blocks, then after passing Fourteenth Street, he made a right on Fifteenth, finding the perfect parallel parking space between two SUVs. His black Audi fit perfectly.

They emerged from his car at the same time, though he would have liked to open the door for her. Walking side-by-side, he held her by the hand as they took the pedestrian crosswalk across Atlantic Avenue, then walked through a parking lot near a Carnival area to get to the boardwalk.

“That’s the restaurant?” Shayla asked, looking straight ahead.

“Yep. That’s it. Used to come here quite a bit,” he said shy of saying he and his wife frequented the place. This was his first time back since she had passed.

Donovan requested a deck table so they could enjoy the panoramic views of the Atlantic. Plus, it was still warm outside, although it was early September. The breeze was enticing.

After sitting, Shayla studied the menu.

Donovan studied her. Since he’d known her – since her first interview with him – her hair had been long and straight. Now she had a head full of big, bouncy curls that blew around her face and danced over her shoulders. Made him want to touch it, to feel its texture.

“So what’s good here?” Shayla asked, taking a break from the menu and looking up at him.

Donovan was in a daze then blinked out of his trance when she asked the question. “Um…just about everything. However, I recommend you try the fried seafood combo. That’s what I’m having.”

“Well, it’s settled then.” Shayla placed the menu on the table, took in the view, listening to the waves crashing, pushing ashore then receding, the pattern repeating over and over again.

“How about the hot crab dip for an appetizer?” Donovan suggested.

“Wow,” Shayla chuckled. “The sound of that made my mouth water.”

His mouth was watering too, but it had nothing to do with the crab dip. “Yeah. It’s delicious.” Donovan set the menu on the table. He wanted to ask Shayla about last night but he wouldn’t bring it up unless she did. So they sat there, quietly, enjoying the sound of the waves and while they waited, a waitress took their orders. Then she left with a spring in her step.

“I wanted to apologize for last night,” Shayla said to him, fiddling with her new bracelet. “I was a complete mess.”

“No worries…just glad I was there.”

Shayla nodded. Why was he there? She had specifically told him that she didn’t need to be seen to her hotel but he had followed her anyway. She would’ve found it odd, if she hadn’t known him to be so generous. That was his personality. During her first week at work, he’d been supportive and accommodating, seeing to it that she had everything she needed to succeed; even offering her a room in his place and he tried to get her a company car when he found out hers was a rental, but she declined it. Still, he made sure she was reimbursed for her car rental fees.

“Here you folks are,” the waitress said, placing the crap dip in the center of the table. “Your meals will be out shortly.”

Donovan thanked her.

“It’s really nice and relaxing out here,” Shayla said looking around.

“Yeah. It’s nice.” Donovan tasted the dip and offered Shayla some.

“Oh…my. This is so freakin’ good,” Shayla exclaimed.

Donovan smiled at her.

The sound of seagulls squawking added to the ambiance of the restaurant. Shayla looked around, noticing the couples sitting on the deck and walking along the shoreline. This was a romantic place, somewhere people would come to celebrate anniversaries or to have fun date nights. Why did he bring her here?

Donovan didn’t like the amount of silence between them so he asked her, “Are you happy that you moved here, or are you having second thoughts?”

Shayla’s eyes met his. “Why do you ask?”

“Well, you seem so sad all the time, like you don’t want to be here. Either that, or something or someone has taken all of your happiness away.”

He was right, but that had happened long before Carter came in the picture. She couldn’t blame Carter for everything wrong in her life.

The waitress set their food on the table, refilled their water glasses and walked off. They both had fried fish, oysters and shrimp.

Shayla took a bite of fish, tasting a blend of seasonings and freshness.

Donovan dug in too, eating the oysters first. “So tell me,” he said looking at her.

“Tell you what?”

“What’s taken your happiness away?”

“It’s a combination of a lot of things,” Shayla said generally, because she didn’t really want to offload her personal woes on him.

“I got all night…don’t have anywhere to be except right here with you.”

Shayla took a sip of water. “Donovan, I really don’t want to talk about it if you don’t mind.”

He didn’t like it, but he respected it. “Okay,” he told her and resumed eating.

A couple of minutes passed. Then five. Ten. Things were awkwardly silent between the two of them and they just sat eating, hearing bits and pieces of other people’s conversations but having none of their own.

Donovan intentionally wanted this silence between them, hoping it would rattle her nerves to the point where she’d want to talk.

“A lot of things started from childhood,” she admitted, breaking the silence.

Donovan smiled. His plan worked.

“I never knew my Mother,” she continued. “My Grandmother raised me. Um…my life pretty much was blah until I met my fiancé. Then he died last year and I lost everything. I was actually homeless for a while.”

“Wow.” Donovan wanted to know more. “You were homeless?”

“Yeah…don’t know why I’m telling you this but yes, I was homeless.”

“It’s nothing to be ashamed of.”

“Don’t try to make me feel better, Donovan.”

“No, seriously. Like I told you before, we all have struggles, but we work through and endure. Look at you now. You have a great job…in good health.”

Shayla shrugged. “Yeah…I suppose.”

“So when you told me that you struggled with not being wanted…”

“I was talking about my Mother. Then my fiancé. Nobody wanted me.”

Donovan frowned. “I thought you said your fiancé died?”

“He did.”

“Then how do you conclude that to mean he didn’t want you? My wife died and we were very much in love.”

“Well, um…he didn’t just die. He…um,” she stammered, watching the puzzled look on Donovan’s face as he waited for her to say whatever it was that she was hesitant to speak. “He committed suicide.”

A look of understanding flashed across his face. Now he understood why she felt her fiancé didn’t want her.

“Sometimes, I just watch people,” Shayla said. “For example, look at the couples and families out here. They’re happy. They have the perfect marriages, careers, kids and probably have very nice homes…just generally happy. I often wonder why that has never happened for me…why happiness never finds me.”

Donovan wiped his mouth. “It does find you. The thing is, if you’re always comparing your happiness with someone else’s then you’ll never see it. You won’t even recognize it’s there.”

Shayla nodded.

“What will it take to make you happy?” Donovan inquired with a gesture.

Shayla noticed he wasn’t wearing his wedding band tonight. “Love. I want love. I want to be loved. I think that’s a normal desire, especially for women.”

“It’s normal for men, too.” Donovan smirked. “So if you were in a committed relationship, you would be happy?”

Shayla nodded. “Yes.”

“Then why’d you run from it?”

“I didn’t.”

Donovan sat up straight in her chair. “You did. You said there was a guy back in Charlotte.”

“Yeah, and I also said he was seeing another woman behind my back while making me believe I was special to him.”

“So this guy…” he said, even though he knew she was referring to Carter. “You were dating him?”

“No. We lived together. I moved in with him….had nowhere else to go.”

“Because you were homeless,” Donovan said, putting the pieces together.

“Yep.”

“And you and this guy never dated?”

“No. We just lived together like roommates, but we were close. I mean, we weren’t friends with benefits or anything like that, but we were close. He dropped hints here and there that he liked me, but when I saw the other woman I knew it was all a lie.”

Shayla finished the rest of her oysters and took a sip of water. “I fell in love with him, but he didn’t love me back. Hence, another person who didn’t want me because I wasn’t good enough.”

“You ever stopped to think that maybe he wasn’t good enough for you?” he questioned.

She shook her head, wordlessly. She hadn’t seen it that way.

“Shayla, the problem is, you’re basing your happiness on someone else. You have to find your own happiness. Don’t look for a man or anyone else to come along and make you happy. You should be happy already.”

She nodded, but she’d already fallen for Carter so now she had the added anxiety of removing him from his heart. How could she be happy while trying to fall out of love with him at the same time?

“My wife died five years ago and I could never bring myself to come here to this place because it was one of her favorite restaurants. I didn’t know how I would feel out here tonight, but now that I’m here, I feel fine. I say that to say this – sometimes we think we can’t get over things in our lives because the event is so large it seems bigger than us, even when we are at our strongest. But if you take the time to dissect your feelings, you’ll find out that large disappointments are only small clusters of life lessons that will help to mold you into a stronger person.”

Shayla looked up at him, a smile spreading across her lips. “I like that…you make a lot of sense.”

“Hey…speaking from experience.” He took a sip of water. “You want to take a walk on the beach before we go?”

“Yeah. That would be nice.”

Donovan paid for their dinner, then took her by the hand, strolling along the boardwalk to an area where they could reach the sand. Shayla took off her sandals, feeling the cool sand underneath her feet.

“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you this was my first time doing this,” she said.

Brows furrowed, Donovan asked, “This is your first time walking on the beach?”

“Yep. I never travel.”

“Then we’ll have to do this more often,” he said, trying not to come on too strongly but he did want her to know he liked her. He took her left hand into his right and strolled along, walking closer to the water. They both stared off into the darkness of the ocean. “Go on and get your feet wet.”

“No. It’s probably cold.”

“It won’t be that bad. This is your first time at the beach. Get them toes wet, girl.”

Shayla laughed. “Okay, but you first.”

“Okay,” Donovan said. He bent over, slipped off his brown loafers, pulled his socks off and walked towards the water, holding up his pant legs.

“Is it cold?” Shayla asked, watching him kick his feet in the water.

“It’s a lil’ chilly. Come on.”

“Nope. I change my mind.”

“Come on, Shayla.”

“Nope,” she said giggling. “I’m going back to the car.” She turned away from him, trying to run in the sand, but quickly found out it was a difficult task.

Donovan ran to catch up to her. She squirmed and laughed so hard, it took him a minute to get a good grasp on her. Once he did, he headed back for the shoreline, holding her in his arms.

“Donovan, don’t drop me in this water,” she said, panicking.

“I’m not going to drop you. I’m going to lower your feet in it. You ready?”

“No.”

“Then get ready. I’ll do it slowly, okay?” He tilted her upright, lowering her feet to the sand as foamy ocean water pushed ashore.

“Ah! It’s cold,” Shayla squealed.

Donovan released her. “If you stand in it long enough, it’ll feel warm.”

Shayla kicked and swayed her feet about. “I see what you’re saying now. It’s not that bad.”

“Told ya.”

Shayla smiled at him. “This has been an amazing day. I haven’t had this much fun in a long time.”

“You deserve it.”

“Can I hug you?” she asked as they stood in the water.

Letting his pant legs drop, he wrapped his arms around her, causing her to envelop him in hers, leaning against his chest. She closed her eyes, inhaled his manly scent and with appreciation, she squeezed him, thankful he’d come to her rescue last night and was thoughtful enough to take her with him today on his errands and out to dinner.

When they separated, Donovan locked eyes with her, glancing down at her lips and had a longing to touch her face, to drown his hands in her curly hair. Instead, he said, “We should probably head back…have to be up bright and early for work in the morning.”

“I’m off tomorrow, remember,” Shayla told him. She had requested Monday off to travel back to Charlotte for a Fall floral show.

“Oh, yeah. That’s right. Doing anything fun?”

“Nothing you would like. I’ll be back on Tuesday.”

“Well, just so you know, I’ll be out on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Hopefully I’ll be back on Friday so we can go apartment hunting. Just let me know if that works.”

“Okay. Will do.”

* * *

Donovan drove back to Shayla’s hotel and helped her carry bags to her room. He hugged her again, kissed her temple and walked back to his car. And he didn’t leave. He sat there for a while, just because and in that moment, he realized that he was no longer doing this for Carter. He was doing it because he liked her and genuinely cared about her well-being. There was something about her he found adorable, and he hadn’t felt that with a woman in a long time.

He smiled thinking about this, put his car in drive and as he took his foot off the brake to step on the accelerator, he saw Shayla pulling a small suitcase to her car, putting it in the trunk then driving away.





Chapter 10





Carter sat in his rental car at Norfolk International Airport, wondering where he would go from here. All he wanted was to see Shayla. Since she left, the aura of his home had changed to something dark and dreary, but would he have the guts to admit that to her? He was anxious to know what she’d been up to her first week in Norfolk and for the life of him, he couldn’t figure out why Donovan wasn’t answering his calls. So he took his cell phone from the passenger seat and dialed Donovan’s number again for the umpteenth time.

“Yeah?” Donovan answered, not even looking to see who it was. He was at work, sitting at his desk, seven o’clock in the morning, going through files and getting prepared for his out of town business function.

“Where have you been, man?”

Donovan stopped what he was doing to give Carter his attention. Leaning back in his chair, he said, “Sorry, bruh. I’ve been busy…getting ready to head out of town tomorrow.”

Carter didn’t care one bit that Donovan was busy. He wanted an update on Shayla. And why hadn’t Donovan called him?

“So how is she?” Carter asked him.

Evading his question, Donovan asked one of his own. “You’re calling mighty early in the morning to check on her, aren’t you?”

Carter glanced at his watch. “I tried calling you just about every day this week, but for some reason, you didn’t answer the phone. So how is she, man?”

“She’s fine,” Donovan said, and he meant fine in more ways than one. “Everybody likes her at Zenadel. She’s fitting in nicely. Why you so interested in her anyway? I thought you didn’t chase women?”

“I’m not chasing her.” Carter sighed. “Just doing my brother a favor.”

“Your brother?” Donovan said, frowning. “You’re talking about Jacob?”

“Yeah.”

“I thought he passed last year?” Then it dawned on him. He remembered Carter’s brother had committed suicide and Shayla had told him that her fiancé committed suicide as well. So Carter’s brother must have been her fiancé. Now it all made sense. Maybe Carter was looking after her because he felt obligated to. There was no romantic connection between the two. He was doing his brother a favor.

“Let’s meet up for breakfast,” Carter suggested.

“Breakfast? You’re here?”

“Yeah…flew in this morning.”

“Where are you right now?”

“Still at the airport. I got a rental.”

“I’m at the office, but I can meet you in ah…” Donovan looked at his watch. “Meet me at IHOP in twenty minutes. I’ll text you the address.”

“Ah’ight.” Carter ended the call, then waited for Donovan’s text to come through. And while he waited, he saw Dr. Westbrook’s office number flash on his phone. Why was she calling? Whatever the reason, Donovan’s text was more important because once he met up with him, he’d find out more about Shayla. There was something about being in the same city with her that made him nervous and excited at the same time.

Donovan’s text finally arrived and Carter keyed the address in his GPS, following the directions to IHOP. He walked in, stood in the lobby and called Donovan to see where he was. Donovan told him that he’d just parked.

A few minutes later, Donovan came walking in the entrance. “What up man,” he said slapping hands with Carter. “Long time, no see.”

“Yeah. It’s been a minute.”

A waitress showed them to a table. They both ordered a cup of coffee.

“You still at the bank?”

“Yeah, still there,” Carter replied, unenthused. Seemed like every time he met up with someone he knew, that was their first question. Are you still at the bank? He didn’t come to Norfolk to talk about work.

“In the same role?”

“Yeah, man…President of Global Operations, going on five years now.” Carter interlocked his fingers. “So what else can you tell me about Shayla?”

“Like I said on the phone, she’s doing fine. What’s your story with her anyway?”

“It’s personal.”

“Personal in a friendly type way or in a friendly way if you catch my drift.”

“Why, Donovan? Why do you care about my interest in her?”

“She’s a nice girl…very different from the women I’ve ran across. I took her out to dinner and—”

Carter frowned so hard, he probably made permanent lines in his forehead. “What do you mean you took her out to dinner?”

“I treated her out to dinner for the first day on the job.”

“Isn’t that against company policy?”

“No. I take all the new hires out to dinner.” Donovan didn’t mention that he also had dinner with her Saturday night and again last night in addition to a walk on the beach. That would probably send Carter over the edge and from college, he remembered Carter had one heck of a temper. He already looked like he wanted to jump across the table and hit him in the face. He didn’t want to set him off.

“Well, you can’t take her out again, so don’t even think about it.”

“Why not? I know you’re watching her for Jacob and all, but she’s in good hands with me.”

No. She’s in good hands with me, Carter wanted to say. “There’s more to it than that. Shayla and I are—”

“Oh…you’re dating?” Donovan said like he wasn’t cognizant of the fact that they were not dating. He’d already found that out from Shayla.

“No, but we’re definitely more than friends. I wanted you to keep an eye on her because—”

“Because of Jacob,” Donovan interjected. “You already told me that.”

“And because I love her.”

Donovan looked confused. “You love her? You?”

“Why you say it like that?”

“Two reasons. One, ever since I’ve known you, you’ve been a player. Two, she’s your brother’s ex-fiancée. You don’t see anything wrong with that?”

Carter glanced towards the window. Donovan had obviously spent more time with Shayla than he led on because how did he know she was Jacob’s ex-fiancée? Shayla wouldn’t offer up information like that to someone off of one dinner outing. And why did she feel comfortable enough with Donovan to talk about her personal life so openly?

The waitress brought over two mugs of coffee and asked the two if they were ready to order. Carter told her the coffee was just fine for him, but Donovan ordered bacon, eggs and pancakes.

“Is there anything else I need to know about her?”

With a tightened jaw, Donovan said, “Well, she’s staying at a hotel temporarily until she finds a suitable place. Um…Saturday morning she was at the library reading to a group of kids, which I assume she’s going to be doing every Saturday. She goes to lunch and dinner alone. After dinner, she drives back to the hotel, sits there in the car and cries her eyes out. Every night she’s done that which I find so odd because at work, she’s happy and jovial, then at night she’s sad, miserable and depressed. I take it you have something to do with that.”

Carter fired dagger eyes at Donovan. “You don’t know what you’re talking about, so don’t make assumptions.”

“Then why else is she here?” Donovan inquired, because quite frankly, he liked her and if Carter didn’t know how to treat a good woman, he certainly did. He’d already proven that to Shayla.

“You ask too many questions.”

Donovan took a sip of coffee.

“Is she at the office today?” Carter inquired.

“No. She took the day off.”

“Why?”

Now who’s asking all the questions? “Don’t know, but when I was outside of her hotel last night, I watched her throw a small suitcase in the trunk…looked like she was heading out of town which is really strange because she didn’t mention it when we—” Donovan stopped talking when he realized he’d said too much.

“When you what?”

“When I spoke with her last night,” Donovan said, boldly. Shayla was her own individual person. Carter didn’t own her. So what, he took her out to dinner? He didn’t force Shayla to go with him. She did it of her own free will and they’d had a wonderful dinner on the beach. If the opportunity presented itself, he’d do it again. So giving Carter a challenging stare, he admitted, “We had dinner together last night, and the night before that, actually.”

Carter grinded his teeth. “I asked you to do me a favor and you do something like this.”

“Listen, man. You told me to watch her. You didn’t tell me you were in love with her.”

“You’re a real piece of work, Donovan.”

Donovan smirked. “I only took her out to show her a good time because she’s always sad. You should be thanking me. You’re the one who broke the girl’s heart. I can only assume that’s why she moved here…to start new and get away from you. After all these years, you’re still in the game, playing women. Don’t you think that’s a little old now?”

“You don’t know what you’re talking about.”

Donovan blew a frustrating breath. “Of course I do. I asked Shayla flat out why she was here. She said something to the effect that she had feelings for someone and they didn’t reciprocate those feelings. So I’m assuming they is you.”

Silence. Carter didn’t have a response. He was processing it all.

“I’m honestly surprised she would even consider having a relationship with you. She must not know the Carter I know – the Carter who kept a little black book and could call any chick in there at any given time. The Carter who slept with five different women in the same week. Remember that?”

Carter rubbed his right hand across his shadow of a mustache. Donovan was bringing up old college stuff. Those things were true but they happened over a decade ago. “A lot has changed since college, Donovan. I’m not the same man I used to be.”

Donovan thought about the smile on Shayla’s face last night at the beach, and he was satisfied he could do something Carter had failed at – he made her happy. “Look, man, all I need to know is if she’s moving back to Charlotte. I had a hard enough time filling that position, so the sooner I can find a replacement, the better.”

“What makes you think she’s headed to Charlotte?”

“Where else could she be going? She doesn’t have any family. The few people she know live in Charlotte.”

It irked Carter to no end that Donovan seemed to know so much about Shayla after only knowing her for a week. “I wish you would’ve called me last night and told me you saw her leaving. I wouldn’t have flown here had I knew she wasn’t here.”

Donovan smirked. “Why didn’t you call her?”

Because I knew she wouldn’t answer the phone. “I wanted to surprise her.” Carter finished off his coffee and looked at his watch. “Anyway, I’m going to get out of here. And, by the way, I don’t need you watching her anymore. If you have any of her contact information, get rid of it.”

Carter left so quickly, he didn’t give Donovan time to respond. He only had one thing on his mind, and that was finding out where Shayla had run off to. He was beginning to panic as he sat in his rental car, hoping she was okay while at the same time wanting to dial her number, talk to her and find out firsthand where she was. But he knew she wouldn’t answer the phone and that would only cause him more anxiety.

He pulled up a list of contacts in his cell, found Rebecca’s number and dialed it, anxiously waiting for her to answer while starting the car, heading to the airport to find another flight back to Charlotte.

“Hello,” she said, drowsily, having just awakened to the sound of her cell ringing. She could kick herself for forgetting to turn off the ringer. Her shop was closed today since she would be attending the Fall floral convention this afternoon, and today was the first day in a long time she could sleep in.

“Hey, Rebecca.”

“Carter?”

“Yeah…sorry to disturb you so early in the morning…just need to know if you’re expecting a visit from Shayla today.”

“I haven’t heard from Shayla all week, but before she quit, she had paid to come to a floral convention this afternoon at the Omni. But like I said, I haven’t heard from her so I don’t know if she’s coming or not.”

“Okay, Thanks.”

“No problem.”

Carter dropped his cell in the passenger seat. His head was spinning. Shayla had him feeling so many emotions. Now he was worried about her. How did he ever let her get away?

He drove to the rental car return, dropped off the car then with his overnight Louis Vuitton bag on his shoulder, he walked up to an airline representative, asked if he could get a flight back to Charlotte today. She told him there would be one leaving in an hour and he paid for the ticket, followed the maze through security then found a seat at the gate.

Still overcome with worry, he picked up his phone and called his aunt.

“Hey, Carter,” she said. Sounded like she was in a good mood.

“Jackie, have you heard from Shayla?”

“No. Why? Is everything okay?” she asked, hearing the panic in his voice.

“Don’t know yet, but I hope so.”

“What’s wrong?”

“She left her hotel late last night and I’m trying to figure out where she’s headed.”

“How do you know she left the hotel?”

“A friend told me.”

Jacqueline grunted. “Carter, don’t tell me you got somebody watching her?”

“Yeah…well I had somebody watching her, but I flew out here this morning to see her and she’s not even here. I think she’s back in Charlotte but I’m not sure.”

“You tried calling her?”

“She’s not going to take any calls from me.”

“How do you know if you haven’t tried?”

“Because I know, Jackie.” Carter sighed, felt knots dance in his stomach again. He glanced at his watch. He still had at least another thirty minutes before boarding. “How about you try and call her for me?”

“Carter—”

“I need to know that she’s okay, Jackie.”

Jacqueline sighed. “Ah’ight. Hold on.”

She clicked over to an empty line and dialed Shayla’s number.

After a few rings, Shayla answered, “Hi, Jackie.”

“Hey, Shayla! I was just calling to see how you were doing?”

“I’m doing well,” she said, sitting on the white-sheeted bed in Indian style with the TV remote in her right hand. “It’s funny you called. I’m actually in Charlotte right now.”

“Oh yeah?”

“Un huh…staying at the Marriott for a convention this afternoon.”

“How nice. You sound like you’re in good spirits.”

“I am. I think moving to Norfolk is just what I needed.”

“When are you heading back?”

“Right after the convention. Maybe I’ll get a chance to stop over and see you before I leave.”

“I would love that, honey. Anyway, let me let you go. Call me later, okay?”

“Okay. Bye.”

Jacqueline clicked back over. “Hello?”

“I’m still here,” Carter said. “You get her?”

“Yep. She’s fine…said she was in town for a convention. She’s staying at the Marriott.”

So she is going to the convention that Rebecca mentioned, he thought, breathing a sigh of relief. “Thanks Jackie.”

“You’re welcome.”

Carter checked his watch again. It wouldn’t be long now and he’d be on the plane, heading back to Charlotte to find his woman.





Chapter 11





Shayla stepped into the banquet hall at the Omni, scanning the room for Rebecca. She wanted to get there earlier than 2:30 p.m., but the five-hour drive from Norfolk last night left her physically and mentally exhausted. And why was she going to the floral design show anyway? She’d chosen a new profession since moving to Norfolk. And she was definitely making more money. But since she had already paid the non-refundable, one-hundred and twenty-five dollar fee she might as well had kept her spot. Plus, it would give her the opportunity to see Rebecca.

“Hey, Shayla! You made it,” Rebecca said gladly, standing up from her banquet seat. She was sitting at a round table draped with a white table cloth and crystal vase overfilled with white lilies. White candles surrounded the vase, but none were lit.

“Hey,” Shayla said, walking quickly to the table and embracing her friend.

“I didn’t think you were going to come.”

“I didn’t think I was going to come either,” Shayla admitted. “I made up my mind late last night.”

The women sat down.

“It’s a good turnout,” Rebecca commented, moving streaks of blonde hair behind her ear. “This is the same format from last year. They serve us a late lunch, then start the webinar. After that, they’ll have live demos and invite people from the audience to join in. They will also give you individual lessons, but you have to pay extra for that. It’s worth it though. I did it a few years ago and learned how to tie the perfect floral bow.”

“Cool.” Shayla looked around the banquet hall. “This is a little lavish isn’t it?”

“Well, I guess the organizers are trying to generate interest from the public and from the looks of things, it seems to be working. There are way more people here this year than there was last year.”

Shayla looked around, briefly. “What time is it over?”

“Goodness, Shayla. You’re ready to leave already?”

“No. Just curious.”

“I think it’s over around nine.”

“Okay. That’s not too bad.” Shayla took a sip of water and scanned the area again.

“So how’s the new job?”

“It’s going okay, actually. I’m still getting used to working in an office setting again, but other than that, the work seems to be right up my alley.”

“You find an apartment yet?”

“No. Not yet.” Shayla took another sip of water.

“Well, you’ve only been there for a week. I’m sure something will turn up.”

“Yeah. I’m in no hurry,” Shayla said, noticing the ballroom was filling up quickly. There must’ve been about a hundred people there, if not more. They were all dressed casually which made Shayla believe she was overdressed. She wore a pair of black slacks, a white blouse and suede, teal pumps with matching earrings. Rebecca had on a pair of blue khakis with a lime green tank top.

So maybe I am a bit overdressed, Shayla thought, but she wouldn’t concern herself with it.

“You got here last night?” Rebecca inquired.

“Yeah…pretty late. Girl, I was driving and yawning…had to stop for coffee to stay awake.”

“Where are you staying?”

“At the Marriott. I would’ve stayed here, but I’m trying to save money and I got a better deal at the Marriott, so…”

Shayla’s mind drifted off to thinking about the hotel in which she was staying. Back in February, she laid homeless out on the sidewalk in front of the hotel. Now she was guest at it. She’d thought long and hard about this last night, as she tossed and turned, thinking of how the man she was madly in love with saved her life here. How he breathed air into her lungs in front of this very hotel. Now he was out of her life and she accepted that. It was tough to swallow, but she accepted it.

“Oh, yeah. That’s what I meant to ask you. Did Carter find you this morning?”

Brows furrowed, Shayla asked, “What do you mean?”

“He was looking for you.”

“Looking for me?” Shayla asked, taken aback.

“Yeah. He called me very early this morning asking if I heard from you…sounded like he was worried.”

Shayla grew quiet. She’d been living in Norfolk for eight days. Why would Carter pick last night to inquire about her? “Well, I don’t know why he was looking for me, but I’m not gonna concern myself with it.”

“You probably should because I kinda slipped up and told him you may be coming to this convention today, so—” Rebecca’s thoughts were interrupted by the image of a tall, strikingly gorgeous man, stepping in the ballroom, rocking a three-piece suit. It was only when he got closer that she realized who it was. “Speak of the devil…”

Shayla followed Rebecca’s eyes straight to Carter. The eyes of every woman in the room must’ve been on him, and rightly so. The man was fine, rocking a black suit, red necktie with a white dress shirt, looking even more handsome than he did the last time she laid eyes on him. And he had on those sleek, rimless glasses again that complemented his jaw line, giving him that polished, professional look while still enhancing his attractiveness. He was simply breathtaking, she had to admit, but she wouldn’t gush over a man that was out of her reach. A man who didn’t want her. And what the heck was he doing here?

Shayla sighed. “Why on earth would you tell him I was gonna be here, Rebecca?”

“I told you…he was worried when I spoke with him.”

Shayla sighed again and rolled her eyes. “I’m leaving. I can’t stay here with him.”

“Shayla, you know y’all got some unfinished business to take care of.”

“No we don’t.” Shayla slid her purse strap on her shoulder.

“Shayla,” Rebecca said, before Shayla could stand up. “Look, you can’t keep running away from your problems. You already moved to Virginia to get away from him and now you’re running again? Aren’t you tired of running? You have to face him.”

“Why?” she said, agitated. “Why do I need to face him, Rebecca?”

“Because you love him. And I think it’s time you stopped pretending that you don’t.”

Shayla closed her eyes briefly to fight back tears and compose herself. She hung her purse on the back of her chair. Looking up, she immediately locked eyes with Carter as if by instinct. He was standing two tables away and she could feel her stomach cramping at the thought of him joining her and Rebecca at their table. He was ballsy and arrogant enough to do something just like that.

Shayla heard his voice as he spoke to someone nearby.

That voice. That intoxicating, satisfying, calming voice.

The sound of it sent shockwaves down her spine, yet it angered her that he had that kind of effect on her body because she knew she couldn’t have him. It was her hope that he just came to speak and leave. But when he pulled out a chair, directly across from her, she knew he’d be staying a while. She couldn’t bring herself to look up at him now, and if she could help it, she wouldn’t.

“Hi Rebecca,” Carter said. “Good to see you.”

“You too, Carter. How have you been?” she asked, but feeling like a disloyal friend to Shayla after she’d fired off the question. But what was she supposed to do? Ignore the man? Shayla was doing a good job of that on her own.

“I’ve been better,” he muttered, interlocking his fingers, answering Rebecca’s question but staring directly at Shayla, but she wasn’t looking at him. Still, he stared and thought of everything he’d been through today in order to see her. He got up early in the morning, took a six o’clock flight out to Norfolk, only to find out she wasn’t there. He’d met with Donovan, got updates on her, and took another flight back to Charlotte. He’d landed two hours ago, drove to his home and changed clothes. Then he sped to Uptown like a cop on a high speed chase, found a parking space then walked a couple of blocks to the Omni. All to see Shayla.

A few more people joined them at the table – a young, blonde woman, a brown-toned woman with long, black hair who couldn’t seem to keep her eyes off of Carter and an older gray-haired lady joined by a man of similar age, probably her spouse.

“How are you, Shayla?” Carter asked after the guests were settled.

The guest all looked up at him to see who he was talking to. They followed the path of his vision straight to Shayla.

“Fine,” Shayla responded without even looking up at him. If she had, she would’ve seen Carter’s eyes locked on her like heat-seeking missiles. His longing eyes…

Moments later, servers were bringing food by, but Shayla had quickly lost her appetite.

“This looks delicious,” Rebecca said, staring down at a plate of rotisserie chicken with mashed potatoes, green beans and a salad on the side.

“Too bad I don’t have an appetite,” Shayla whispered loud enough for only Rebecca to hear.

Rebecca smiled awkwardly, glancing up at Carter. His eyes never lost contact with Shayla’s face, although Shayla wasn’t paying him any attention. As far as he was concerned, she was the only woman in the room. The only person in the room. His stares were so intense, Rebecca felt uncomfortable for Shayla. She knew the story between them, knew Shayla was in love with Carter once upon a time and Carter had supposedly been seeing someone else. But if he didn’t want her, why’d he come here, staring at her like she was his next meal instead of the rotisserie chicken that remained untouched in the plate in front of him?

Shayla was uncomfortable but reached for the salt shaker in the center of the table. She didn’t care if Carter was staring. She had moved on with her life so there was no need to feel like she was still under his spell. With a trembling hand, she sprinkled salt on her mashed potatoes and tasted them. “These are pretty good.”

Rebecca confirmed the same.

Shayla glanced around the room, making sure not to look at, or make eye contact with Carter. She noticed just about every seat was filled and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves, eating and conversing while soft jazz played.

Shayla stuck her fork in the salad, when she heard his deep voice, that mesmerizing voice say, “I miss you, Shayla.”

She swallowed hard. For a moment, she couldn’t find her breath. Did she hear him correctly? Instead of acknowledging him though, she kept on talking to Rebecca about last year’s event. Rebecca had mentioned something about learning some tricks of the trade that made her shop stand out from others in the area.

“Remember when I would come home from work?” Carter said to her. “You used to ask me about my day? Do you remember that?”

Shayla ignored his question and kept talking to Rebecca.

Carter continued, “Well, I had one chaotic day today. This morning, I flew to Norfolk because I wanted to see you, but you weren’t there.”

That caught her attention, but was he kidding? Had he actually flown to Norfolk just to see her?

“So, I hopped a flight back here, landed about two hours ago and now I’m sitting here. With you. Because I wanted nothing more than to see you today.”

Shayla raked food around on her plate, anything to keep from looking at him.

“Do you know why I wanted to see you?”

I know you don’t think I’m about to answer that. Shayla took a napkin and wiped her mouth. She whispered to Rebecca that she couldn’t take any more and was leaving.

“I wanted to personally thank you for breaking my heart,” Carter blurted out. If he wanted to get her full attention, he got it that time.

Shayla looked up at him, their vision fusing together in one big, frustrated collision. What was he doing? And whatever it was he was doing, was he really doing it here? In front of strangers?

“Are you gonna say anything?” Rebecca whispered behind her hand to Shayla.

Shayla had already decided she would not say a word. How dare he come here to play more games? To get a rise out of her? Who did he think he was to track her down and interrupt her day with his arrogance? Thank you for breaking my heart. If a heart was broken, it certainly wasn’t his – Mr. Playboy himself. And since when did womanizers have hearts?

“I never knew what this felt like,” he continued, pushing his glasses tighter onto his face. “Never wanted to know. And what’s crazy is, I’ve broken a lot of hearts in my day, even yours, but never had I had mine broken until you left me.”

Shayla inhaled an angry breath. “What are you doing?”

“I’m talking to you,” he said with a stern tone.

“Well, I have no intentions on having this conversation here. Actually, I don’t intend on having it anywhere else either.” She took a sip of water and picked up her fork again.

“You know what it feels like, Shayla? To have a broken heart?” he asked, completely ignoring everything she’d said.

Shayla looked up at him and frowned. Of course she knew what it felt like. She’d had a fiancé who committed suicide a year ago. Her heart was beyond broken. It was shattered, and it was almighty Carter himself who helped her put the pieces back together, only to break it again.

Not getting any response from her, he continued, “It feels like someone is stabbing me in the chest with an ice pick only I don’t die…I just continue to feel the pain. That’s what losing you has done to me.”

Shayla glanced at the people sitting around the table, watching them pretend they didn’t hear Carter’s words. They just continued eating as if nothing was going on.

Shayla looked at Carter again, wondering what the mysterious wetness in his eyes could be. Certainly not tears. Maybe his eyes were irritated which was probably the reason he opted to wear his glasses.

“I miss you,” he finally admitted. “I miss the smell of your hair. I miss your big, beautiful eyes,” he said and his voice cracked. “I miss your voice. I miss the way you say my name, the way you touch me. I miss watching TV with you, having dinner with you, laughing with you. I miss consoling you and taking care of you. I miss everything about you, Shayla. Everything. And I know I picked the wrong time to do this, but it’s the only way I could get your attention. So here I am.”

Carter pulled his glasses from his face, pinched his eyes shut to keep from releasing tears, but he’d failed because a few small ones burst through. He brushed them away and slid his glasses back on, looking at her. “I haven’t touched another woman since I met you. I haven’t slept with anyone, kissed anyone, dated anyone – I haven’t been with anyone. Do you know why, Shayla?”

Carter looked at her intensely for a moment. He could jump across the table right now, kiss her lips and squeeze her in his arms but first things first. He needed to put her mind at ease because there was no other woman for him and she would know that. Finally.

“I haven’t been with anyone because I love you. I always have, and I always will.”

Shayla took a breath and when she looked up at him, a lonely tear ran down her face. She wiped her eyes and through trembling lips she said, “Don’t say things you don’t mean.”

“I love you, Shayla,” he emphasized. “I dream about you. I think about being with you, making love to you, spending the rest of my life with you because there is no other woman for me. Only you.” Carter pinched his eyes again while he watched tears fall from hers. Then he asked a painful question. “Do you still love me, or am I too late?”

Shayla lost her voice for a moment while trying to process what was happening. She wiped her eyes so she could see him clearly.

“Do you still love me, Shayla?”

She opened her mouth but no words came out. “I…” she managed to say before drops of tears fell from her eyes. “I never stopped loving you, Carter.”

Relieved, Carter closed his eyes briefly and released a breath. “Then can we try to make this work?” Before she could answer, he stood, walked over to her and while standing immediately in front of her as she remained seated, he placed both hands on her face and angled her head up towards him. “Can we?”

Shayla closed her eyes. Boy did his warm hands feel good against her skin. She didn’t realize how much she missed his touch until now. She opened her eyes and while smiling through her tears, she said, “Yes.”

Carter smiled, took her hand to help her stand up in front of him and encased his arms around her, embracing her so tightly, nothing could pry them apart.

“Aw,” Rebecca hummed, along with the guests at the table and a few other people who realized what was going on at surrounding tables.

Carter brushed away her tears with his thumbs. “Let’s go somewhere and talk. Is that okay?”

“Yeah,” Shayla said faintly. She told Rebecca that she would see her later and with her right hand in Carter’s left, they headed for the exit.

Once they stepped outside, Carter seized her in his arms again, feeling the anxiety and loneliness he’d felt for the past few months melt away.

Shayla embraced him tightly. She missed him too. His smell, his voice. His warmth. It was all coming back. He was her weakness. The man who took care of her and now the man who could say those three words she’d been waiting to hear from him for so long.

“I’ve missed you so much, Carter,” she said, squeezing him even tighter, if that was possible.

“You wouldn’t even begin to understand how much I’ve missed you,” he told her. “Let’s go home.”

Shayla smiled. “Okay.”

When they broke apart, Shayla told him she would go and get her car and meet him at the house. And once she reached the car, she sat, took a breath, and flipped the sun visor down to look at her face in the mirror. She took some tissue from her purse and dabbed her eyes and reapplied some gloss to her lips. Then she started the car, beginning the drive to his place.

When she pulled up in the driveway, she noticed Carter was already there, standing next to the driver side door of his truck and watching her drive up and park behind him. He was amazingly handsome and she could take pride in that now. He was hers. All hers.

She stepped out of her rental, walked up to him. “I see the place is still the same.”

“Yeah, especially now that you’re back,” he said, taking her by the hand as if it was necessary. And when they stepped in the house, Shayla followed his lead into the family room and sat on the couch next to him.

For a moment, he stared at her, taking her all in again – her nose, eyes, ears, hands – he looked her up and down. Then a smile grew on his face.

“What?” Shayla said, nervous as she’d ever been. Now that she had the man, what would she do with him? Jacob was her only real relationship. And Carter was on another playing field when it came to men. He wasn’t an ordinary man. He was the man, the master at whatever he did. And she was sure lovemaking fell somewhere in that category, especially with all of his experience.

“I can’t believe I let you leave me. But I’m glad you’re back.” He took off his suit jacket, loosened his necktie, unfastened crystal cuff links from his shirt sleeve and dropped them on the table.

“Aren’t you supposed to be at work?” Shayla inquired. It was a Monday afternoon after all.

“I probably should, but I’m not. Something more important came up, so…” He took her left hand into his right, kissed the backside of it. “I used to sit here and imagine you were sitting next to me. Now you are.”

“Yeah,” she smiled. “I am.”

“I’m sorry how things played out with us. I never meant to hurt you.”

“I know.”

“And I hope you forgive me.”

She strummed his back again. “I forgive you.”

“You do?”

“Yes.”

“You don’t secretly hate me?”

“No.” She smiled.

“Good,” he said. “So I figured we can stay in for the rest of the day, get reacquainted with each other, then…order…take-out… for… dinner,” he said between kisses. “You cool with that?”

“Yeah.”

“Okay.” Carter wrapped both arms around her, holding her tight. He’d had his woman now and would never let her go again.





Chapter 12





Shayla woke up in the family room, looking around, reestablishing where she was. The last thing she remembered was talking to Carter. She glanced at her watch and realized she’d been sleep for almost three hours.

“You’re up,” Carter said, walking in wearing a black shirt and blue jeans. No glasses. He’d since put his contacts in. “You hungry?”

Shayla yawned and stretched her arms in the air as far as she could. “Yeah. A little.”

“Okay, I’ve ordered Chinese. You want to come with me to the kitchen?”

“Sure.” She stood up and followed him. Then she removed the items from the take-out bag – lo mein noodles, chicken wings and shrimp-fried rice. She set two plates on the table, putting a sample of each item in them.

“You want to bring the food in the den?” Carter asked, looking at her standing near the countertop. Did she even hear his question? She was less talkative than he remembered and that bothered him. She used to be comfortable enough with him to talk openly, but now she was reserved. He noticed it when they’d talked earlier as well.

“Shayla?”

“Oh…okay, yeah,” she blinked quickly back into the moment. “I’ll bring it. I didn’t know you allowed food in there…never seen you eat in there before.”

“I haven’t, but then again, I find myself doing a lot of things I’ve never done.” He walked over to her, hugging her from behind and sending a peck to her cheek. “Actually, I’ll take the plates if you want to grab some forks.”

“Yep.” She walked over to the utensil drawer. “Got ‘em.” She followed him to the den, got comfortable on the couch, taking the remote from the coffee table and browsing through channels.

“What you looking for?” Carter asked her, taking a bite of chicken.

“A movie or something. Or maybe I should turn it off.”

“Good idea.”

Shayla hit the power button on the remote then placed it on the table. She set her plate in her lap.

“You know that nearly killed me.” Carter took a napkin and wiped his mouth. He was so excited to have her back, he didn’t have an appetite.

“What did?”

“When you left. It broke my heart. It really did, Shayla.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Don’t apologize. I did the same thing to you.”

They shared a silent moment, both looking at each other.

“So...um…I need to go back to Norfolk to get my things and check out of the hotel.” The hotel, Shayla thought, where she had her little bit of freedom and independence. Now she was back, being taken care of, something most women would love but she felt weird about it. Besides, men tend to not respect women who can’t take care of themselves, not saying that’s how Carter would feel about her, but still…she wondered.

“Don’t worry about that. I’ll get your things, hun,” Carter told her.

“But I gotta turn the car back in, too.”

“You can do that here.”

“Even though I got it from Norfolk?”

“Yeah. Whatever rental car company you got it from, find the same one here and turn it in. People do it all the time.”

“Well, I figured I’d turn it in where I got it from. I have to go back anyway to give my boss notice that I won’t be coming back.”

Carter frowned. “You can do that over the phone, or via email, right?”

“No. By notice, I mean I have to give him a two-week notice and work for those two weeks while they look for my replacement.”

Carter frowned. Why did she want to go back to Norfolk so badly? Did she want to see Donovan? He wondered what kind of relationship they had. When he met up with Donovan yesterday, it was clear to him that Donovan had some interest in her. Did she have interest in him? “Well don’t give notice. Just quit.”

“No. I can’t just quit and leave him high and dry. That won’t look good when I go looking for another job.”

“You don’t need a job, Shayla.”

“Why don’t I? What do you expect me to do? Let you take care of me?”

“Why are you saying it like that?”

Shayla set her plate of food on the table with his. She blew a distressing breath and ignoring his question, she asked, “And where am I suppose to live now? Here?”

“Of course. Why?”

“I don’t know if that’s a good idea. Maybe I should move back in with Rebecca. That way we—”

“No.” Carter shook his head. “Why would you want to move in with her when we’re together now?”

“Because I don’t wanna rush and—”

“So that’s why you want to go back to Norfolk and work…why you’ve been so quiet today? You don’t want to be here.”

“Carter, don’t read too much into this. I do wanna come back.”

“Just not in a hurry, huh,” he said, irritated. “I asked you if you still loved me or if I was too late. Apparently you gave me the wrong answer.”

Shayla remembered what it was that she disliked about him – his temper. It didn’t show often, but when it did… “I didn’t give you the wrong answer, Carter. I just don’t want to rush.”

“So you don’t trust me?”

“I do trust you, but we just started speaking again earlier today. We don’t have to move so fast. That’s all I’m saying.”

Carter rubbed his left hand over his head, something he often did when he was agitated.

“Now you’re upset.”

“Why wouldn’t I be? The woman I love doesn’t know if she wants to be with me.” Carter stood, walked out of the room, taking his plate to the kitchen. He stepped out onto the deck, to get some fresh air and think – was he making a big deal out of nothing? Love was driving him insane.

Shayla took her plate to the kitchen and watched him walk in from the deck, looking at her.

“Shayla, I’m sorry if I’m being over-the-top right now, and maybe I am trying to rush things. All I know is that when you were gone, I wasn’t the same and this house was empty without you. I just want you back, baby. Full time. Not part time…not I’m over here and you’re over there. I need you here.”

Shayla hesitated to bring up the movie theater incident, but nothing good would come out of suppressing her true feelings. Plus, he needed to know why she was leery about moving in with him. “You told me to get my things and get out of your house when we got into that argument at the theater.”

“No I didn’t. Why do you keep saying that?”

“Because you said it, Carter.”

“No…let me tell you what I said. We were arguing…you stormed off and was going to leave right then and there…don’t you remember me chasing after you and telling you to get back in the car? I didn’t want to leave you like that but since you wanted to go, I figured I should at least give you the opportunity to get your things. So my thought pattern was, if you wanted to go, at least you could get your stuff first. I didn’t want you to leave with nothing. I never once said, get out of my house. I would never say that to you, Shayla.”

“You could, though, because let’s be real here. This is your house. Everything belongs to you.”

“Wow. I can’t believe this.” Carter interlocked his fingers over his head. “You don’t trust me after everything we’ve been through.”

“I do trust you.”

“Then why is this an issue, Shayla?” he asked irate, “Because it’ll be all yours once we get married, so why are you making a big deal out of it now?”

Married? Shayla thought. Did he really just drop the ‘M’ word? Was he that serious about their relationship that he was thinking about tying the knot?

Carter wrapped his arms around her. “I want you. And I want you here with me. Okay? No Rebecca, no hotel, you belong here with me. Okay?” His hands moved from her waist and up to her face. He tilted her head up so that she was looking at him. “Okay?” he asked again.

Shayla hadn’t heard anything he said after the word marriage. Did he really say that?

He kissed her lips to get her attention. “Okay, baby?”

Shayla smiled. “Okay.”

He smiled, too, because he’d gotten what he wanted. But he had plenty more to overcome when it came to Shayla. But all in due time.

“I want to take a shower,” Shayla said, releasing him, “But I don’t have any clothes or anything here.”

“That’s not a problem. You can wear one of my shirts to bed.”

“Okay. I’m heading up then.”

“Okay.”





Chapter 13





A few days later, her clothes were delivered in two large brown paper boxes. Shayla didn’t ask Carter how he was able to get her things, but he did. He meant business, and she was his business. He also gave her the house keys, the keys to the Lexus, her bank card and the silver diamond-studded, heart-shaped pendant necklace he’d bought for her.

This afternoon, Shayla took a shower then jogged downstairs and grabbed a ceramic bowl from the cupboard, along with a box of Raisin Bran. Carter was at work, but called shortly after she sat at the kitchen table.

“Hey you,” she answered, pouring milk over her cereal.

“You okay, sweetheart?” he asked, clicking his favorite retractable pen open and closed. He would’ve liked nothing more than to be home with her right now, but things were already tense at work and he didn’t want to cause any further issues.

“Yeah. I’m fine…eating breakfast.”

“You miss me?” he asked.

Shayla blushed as if he was sitting right there in front of her. “You know I do.”

“I miss you, too.” Carter sat back in his chair. He smiled, thinking about how he could never see himself as the type of man to settle down or to have phone calls like this with a woman. He was the player, the heartbreaker, but to even think of breaking Shayla’s heart again gave him unsettling chills.

“So what are you doing?” Shayla asked then shoveled another spoon full of cereal in her mouth.

“Nothing…just thinking about you. What are you doing besides smacking in my ear?”

Shayla laughed. “Not much. I fell asleep again after you left this morning. I got out of bed about an hour ago.”

“Good, then you should be well rested for dinner tonight.”

“Dinner here?”

“No. I wanna take you to this place called Bentley’s. Well it’s actually called Bentley’s On 27.”

“Where’s that?”

“It’s in Uptown, not far from my building. Why don’t you meet me here, then we can head over there together.”

“Okay.” Shayla yawned. “Do I have to dress up? I suppose so since you’re already dressed to kill, huh?”

“I’m not dressed to kill, baby. This is everyday attire for me. You know how I do.”

“Yeah. I know how you do,” she quipped. “Anyway, I’ll try to dress up a little…need to make sure I look the part.”

“Make sure you look the part?” Carter frowned. “What are you talking about?”

“Never mind,” Shayla said. “So how has your morning been so far?”

“It’s been good, but I haven’t been able to really concentrate on work, ‘cause I keep looking at the clock, thinking about how much longer it’s gonna be before I can get to see your beautiful face again,” Carter said amidst hearing a beep in the line.

“You’re too much,” Shayla told him. She took her phone from her ear when she heard it beep and noticed it was Donovan returning her call.

“Was that you or me?” Carter asked her.

“It’s me. My boss, well, ex-boss is calling me.”

Carter frowned. “Why?”

“Probably because I left a voicemail yesterday to let him know I was quitting. I’ll call him back in a few.”

“Why? You don’t have to explain anything to him.”

“I know, but it’s the courteous thing to do so I’ma call him. I think I owe him that much.”

Carter rubbed his right hand across his thin mustache and mouth. He was worried about what Donovan might say to her.

“Anyway, I’ll see you tonight, baby,” she told him.

“Okay. Meet me here at 6:30.”

“Will do. I love you.”

“Love you too, hun. Later.” Carter set the phone down and rubbed his face in anguish. He didn’t even like the thought of Shayla talking to another man. Albeit he knew Donovan and he was a pretty decent guy in college, he was still a man and he obviously had some interest in Shayla that went beyond their short work relationship.

Shayla immediately dialed Donovan’s number after hanging up with Carter.

“Hi, Shayla,” Donovan said, sitting alone at a restaurant in Tampa. He was still out of town for business.

“Hey, Donovan. How are you?”

“I was fine up until I received your voicemail this morning.”

“I know, and I’m sorry I had to leave that on your voicemail but I tried to call you a few times before and didn’t get an answer, so—”

“Why’d you quit?” he broke in. “You didn’t like the job?”

“Actually I loved the job, but I moved back to Charlotte.”

So you quit because of Carter. “That’s too bad. Everyone said you were fitting in very well.”

“I know. I’m sorry.”

Donovan sighed. Not only did he lose an employee, but he lost a good woman. He liked her. She reminded him a great deal of his wife. Why was she wasting her time with a man like Carter? “So did you move back because of him? The man you told me about? The one who had you crying every night in the parking lot?”

Crying every night. How did he know she’d cried every night? Was he following her every single night, or had he made an assumption? Shayla grinned. “Gee…you make it sound so awful, but yes, I moved back for him.”

Donovan sighed. “You’re one of the good ones, Shayla,” he said remembering the night they spent together at Virginia Beach. “You deserve a man that’ll treat you with respect and dignity, not someone who’ll hurt you and play games with your heart. Remember that.”

Shayla smiled awkwardly. “Okay. I will.”

“All right, well I’m going to get back to work. If you ever want to come back to Zenadel, just call me. I’ll see to it that you’re hired.”

“Thanks, Donovan. That’s really nice of you. I appreciate it.”

“You’re welcome.”

“And if you’re ever in Charlotte, call me. I can introduce you to Carter and maybe we can all have lunch together or something.”

Introduce you to Carter. He wanted to tell her that he already knew Carter – knew him better than she did. “That sounds good, Shayla. In the meantime, take care of yourself.”

“I will.”

“All right. Later.” Donovan looked at his phone. He’d still had Shayla’s name programmed in it, even though Carter told him to get rid of her contact information. But he wasn’t ready to delete her number just yet.





Chapter 14





“This is a beautiful place,” Shayla said, as she stepped in Bentley’s on 27, looking around, admiring the art glass collection of varying colors – lime green, blues and oranges. Tall ivory-white pillar candles stood by the fireplace, while golden chandeliers dangled over a few dining room tables. But even more exquisite was the extraordinary view from the twenty-seventh floor of Charlotte Plaza building. And while Shayla stood next to the table, staring out the windows taking all of this in, she remembered how just months ago, instead of having dinner in a ritzy place like this, she was begging for spare change in the streets below. “This place looks expensive, Carter.”

Carter pulled out her chair, watched her sit, kissed her cheek then sat adjacent to her. “It’s not that bad.”

Shayla smiled briefly, turning her attention to the view again.

“You look beautiful,” he commented, looking upon her adoringly and stroking her hair.

She was dressed very elegantly, her curly hair flowing nicely over her shoulders. She wore a white halter-top blouse and black slacks with a pair of black flats.

“Thanks.”

“So what did you do with the rest of the day? Did you call Donovan back?”

Shayla frowned. She was almost certain she hadn’t told Carter the name of her boss. There was no reason for her to. So how did Donovan’s name roll off of his tongue so easily?

“Shayla?” Carter said, when he noticed she went mute on him.

“Oh, yeah. I called him.”

“And?”

“Um…he was upset and rightly so—”

“He’ll get over it,” Carter said nonchalantly, interrupting her thoughts.

Shayla squinted at him, trying to recall a time when she’d mentioned the name of her boss to him. She couldn’t find one. She scratched her temple and stared at him.

Carter sat quietly staring at her, thinking about his life before her. He thought about the emptiness of it, of living for himself without a connection or concern for anyone else. Now he had a connection and there was no way he would lose her again. And he wasn’t about to spend a romantic dinner with his lady talking about Donovan.

“Shayla,” he said soft-spokenly.

“Yeah?”

“Can you see yourself with me?”

Shayla smiled and blushed at the same time.

“Why are you smiling?” Carter asked, but before Shayla could respond, the waitress approached the table.

“Good evening folks,” the waitress said with a cheerful smile, interfering with the flow of their conversation.

“Good evening,” Carter said, sending an inquisitive glance Shayla’s way as if trying to read her thoughts.

“Here are your menus,” the waitress continued. “While you look them over, can I start you off with something to drink?”

“Yeah. Bring us a bottle of Rosé,” Carter said without even having to check the wine list.

“I’ll get that right out to ya,” the waitress said then walked off.

“So I get to drink alcohol tonight?” Shayla grinned.

“Just a smidgen.” Carter interlocked his fingers, briefly looked out the windows and at the buildings that made up the Uptown area and asked, “So…can you see yourself with me?”

“You mean like this…like we’re together now or—”

“I mean forever,” Carter said with conviction.

“Can you see yourself with me, forever?” Shayla tossed back.

“Why do you do that?”

“What?”

“I asked you a question but you deflect it back to me.”

The waitress brought over the bottle of Rosé and two champagne glasses. She poured some from the bottle for the both of them, then asked if they were ready to order.

Carter gestured to Shayla to order first, but her eyes were glued to the menu. “Shayla, you ready to order, hun?”

“Um…not yet,” she said, more interested in the prices than the actual entrees.

“Okay, well, I’ll have the filet and lobster tail,” Carter told the waitress. “And I want the steak cooked medium-rare.”

“And for you ma’am.” The waitress looked at Shayla. “Or do you need a few more minutes…”

“Um…hmm,” Shayla crooned. “Sorry. This is my first time here.”

“That’s fine. Do you need me to come back?”

“No. I’ll try the filet and scampi,” she said nervously, choosing the first dish that caught her eye.

“And how would you like your steak cooked?”

“Medium-well, please.”

“Okay,” the waitress said. She collected their menus and walked off.

Shayla’s eyes met Carter’s. For a split second, she wondered why he was staring at her so acutely. Then she remembered he’d ask her a question. “Carter, the reason I deflected the question back to you is because I wanted to know how you felt about me before I answered your question.”

“But you know how I feel about you. Besides, if I’m the one asking you if you can see yourself with me, then nine times out of ten, you know I wanna be with you. So instead of answering my question, why did you turn around and ask me the exact same question?”

Shayla shook her head. “It’s complicated.”

“Try me.” Carter took a long swig of champagne, analyzing her.

“Okay…um…I’ll try to explain this the best way I can. Um…when you look at me, I feel like you’re looking at the homeless woman you found…not at how I’ve changed since then. So for you to ask me if I can see myself spending the rest of my life with you…um…it just seems like a question only you can answer, Carter. I’ll be in your life if you want me to be in your life.”

Carter frowned. Now he was getting irritated. “What are you talking about?”

“I just think you hold all the cards in this relationship, Carter. I mean, you’re the one with everything so our relationship is lopsided.”

“Our love isn’t lopsided, is it?”

Shayla shook her head. “No. I think you love me just as much as I love you.”

“You think, or do you know?” he asked her.

“I know.”

“So I’m not the one with everything then, right? You have my heart. I don’t own it. You do.”

Shayla smiled.

“And, sweetheart, when we’re married, everything that’s mine is yours. I mean, it already is, baby, but if you want to get technical then…”

Did he just mention marriage, again? Carter Williams? The man who once told her love wasn’t for everyone? That it complicated things? She smiled when he said it, felt a joyful beat in her heart at the thought of being his wife. Even if he didn’t mean it, even if he was just tossing up marriage in the air because he thought it was something she wanted to hear, she didn’t care. She was already happy. Marriage would just be the icing on the cake.

* * *

The two talked more while they ate, about random things. He wanted to know if she liked living in Charlotte and if she was comfortable with the size of their home. She tossed out a few jokes about his middle name, wanted to know if he was happy with his career and how things were working out with Jacqueline in his life again.

Later after they were nearing the end of their entrees, Carter took a napkin, wiped his hands and mouth then said, “I see you’re slowing down. How was it?”

“It was delicious. I just can’t eat anymore.” Shayla took a sip of champagne. “You look very handsome tonight, by the way.”

“Thank you, sweetie,” Carter told her.

“You seem very relaxed and happy.”

“I am. I’m here with the woman I love, just had a good dinner…life is good.” Carter took her left hand into his. “You know I’d do anything for you, don’t you?”

Shayla nodded, her hand trembling in his.

“I don’t think you do,” Carter told her. “You don’t know how much I love you, how much I appreciate you. But you will know. You’ll have a lifetime to know.” Carter pushed away from the table, then kneeled in front of her.

Shayla felt a tingle run up her spine.

“Shayla, sweetheart, you mean the world to me and when I didn’t have you, I was miserable and unhappy and angry. And when you came back to me, all the sadness went away. And now,” Carter said with tears in his eyes, “I’m on my knees, asking for you hand in marriage.”

Shayla’s eyes bubbled with tears. Her heart was beating so fast, she could hardly think straight.

“Will you do me the honor of being my wife?”

Tears streamed from her eyes as she stared at Carter holding an opened, black velvet box with a huge, four-carat, princess-cut, diamond ring there, awaiting placement on her finger. She saw his lips moving, but still in a state of shock, she couldn’t hear what he was saying. Everything sounded muffled, like her ears were plugged and for some reason her body seemed numb.

“I hope those are happy tears,” he told her.

Shayla gasped for air. “I can’t breathe.”

“Shayla?” Carter said, concerned. “Baby, relax. Look at me.”

Shayla did as he asked while pacing her breathing, squeezing more tears from her eyes.

“You okay?”

“Yes,” she cried. She wiped her eyes so she could see him clearly.

“Shayla, are you okay?” Carter inquired again.

She nodded while continuously wiping her eyes.

When he noticed she’d regained some of her composure, he asked, “Will you marry me?” sending a peck to the backside of her hand.

“Yes,” Shayla said tearfully. She wrapped her arms tight around him. The patrons sitting closest to them admired the beautiful moment between the couple. And Carter, with watery eyes, was happy and ready to start his new life.





Chapter 15





The plane effortlessly descended at Honolulu International Airport as the pilot’s monotone, robotic-like voice filled the cabin, telling passengers that the temperature was a perfect eighty degrees and how he wished everyone would enjoy their stay in Hawaii.

Sitting comfortably in first-class, Shayla stared out the window, reliving Carter’s proposal. Her stomach was filled with butterflies, a feeling akin to stage fright, and as she took slow, deep breaths she could sense Carter looking at her.

“You nervous?” he asked, clenching her right hand.

Shayla squeezed his hand as tightly as she hugged him a few nights ago when he popped the question. He didn’t tell her at the time that he had already bought plane tickets to Hawaii, the place where they would tie the knot and permanently establish a lifelong commitment to each other. He was that confident she would say yes.

“Shay,” Carter said to get her attention.

“Yeah?” she asked, using her thumb to twirl her new diamond ring.

“You nervous, baby?” he asked again.

“I’m a little nervous, but I’m glad we made it…in one piece,” she said, then giggled.

“Actually, I wasn’t talking about the flight…I was talking about the wedding.”

“Oh,” Shayla said. “Well, I’m a little nervous about that, too.” Why was she nervous? She was marrying the man she wanted. But lingering in the back of her mind was Jacob.

“Just think, we’re gonna be married in a few hours.”

“Yeah,” Shayla said idly as she thought briefly about Jacob, but trying to disguise her feelings with a plastered smile. Why was she thinking about Jacob when she was so happy with Carter? Was this marriage happening too fast? Was she going with the flow?

Carter studied her for a moment. “Hmm…you act like you don’t want to be Mrs. Carter Williams.”

“I do.” She looked adoringly upon him. “I just want to be sure you’re sure.”

“Of course I am. I want to spend the rest of my life with you, baby.”

Shayla smiled while a Caucasian couple sitting next to them looked on.

“Are you guys getting married, too?” the woman inquired.

“Yes,” Shayla told her.

“So are we,” she screeched, beaming like a normal soon-to-be-bride would. “I’m Kaitlin and this is my fiancé, Russell.”

“Nice to meet you guys. I’m Shayla, and this is my fiancé, Carter.”

“Nice to meet you,” Carter told them.

“Where are you guys staying?” Russell asked, looking at Carter.

“We’re at the Hawaii Prince,” Carter told him.

“So are we,” Kaitlin said with a burst of enthusiasm. “Are you getting married today or tomorrow?”

“Today,” Shayla said, clenching Carter’s hand.

“That’s awesome,” Kaitlin replied. “Well, if we run into each other, you guys mind hooking up for dinner or something?”

“That sounds nice,” Shayla said.

By that time, the plane had stopped at the gate and the seat belt lights went off. Carter grabbed the carry-on bags from the overhead compartment and Shayla followed him off the plane, smiling at a flight attendant on the way out.

“So we need to get the luggage and the rental, right?” Shayla asked Carter.

“Yep. Let’s go grab the bags first.”

Shayla followed Carter to baggage claim. After waiting for about twenty minutes, they took their luggage from the carousel then headed for the car rental section.

Carter rushed off to get the car while Shayla waited outside with the bags.

Moments later, he drove up in a Dodge Charger, a black one. He jumped out, telling Shayla how much he liked the car, and how he might get one when they were back home.

He opened the passenger door for her, placed the suitcases in the trunk, then followed the directions to the hotel, by way of Nimitz Highway to Ala Moana Boulevard.

“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” Carter grabbed and held her left hand with his right as they drove up to the hotel.

“It’s amazing,” Shayla said in astonishment. Besides Virginia, she’d never been anywhere outside of North Carolina so it was truly an amazing experience to see the beauty of this place.

Carter came to a stop in front of the hotel, near the entrance. The bellhop took their bags, then valet drove off with the car. Two beautiful Hawaiian women with long, curly black hair and blemish-free, perfectly-tanned skin greeted them with oshibori towels.

“Aloha,” they said, both wearing peach and red flower leis around their necks.

“Aloha,” Shayla and Carter replied in unison.

They proceeded on to guest services to check in. Shayla watched as Carter whipped out his credit card, reading his every move, his expressions. He was happy and excited. He was ready to get married. But was she?

He handed Shayla a keycard, then they walked hand-in-hand to the elevator, following the bellhop, riding up to the thirty-third floor, the royal suite.

Shayla stood still, staring at the closed elevator doors, unclenching Carter’s hand.

Carter frowned when he felt her pull away. Sure, she was physically standing next to him, but not mentally. She was some place else and he had an idea where. This feeling of uncertainty, on her end, had him frustrated. He was sure of what he wanted but she was hesitant.

When the elevator doors slid open, they took a few steps to the suite. Carter slid his keycard in the slot and quickly pulled it out, opening the door.

The bellhop unloaded their bags. Carter tipped him a twenty dollar bill then the man walked away happy, saying something about how he hoped they enjoyed their stay.

Shayla walked swiftly to the large windows overlooking the marina. The view was breathtaking as yachts floated in turquoise water while green palm trees swayed in the breeze. This was paradise. Pictures she’d seen on postcards and in magazines were now real life images.

“Wow. Look at this.” Carter gripped her from behind and pushed his lips into her neck.

Shayla closed her eyes briefly. “Yeah. It’s beautiful.” She turned to face him. “And this room is huge. We could have gotten away with a much smaller one.”

“Yeah, I know…just want to make sure my baby has the best.”

Shayla wrapped her arms around him, squeezed him warmly. This was actually about to happen. She was about to become his wife, tonight at 8:00 p.m. in a private ceremony at the hotel’s garden wedding gazebo.

Despite her hug, Carter could feel her apprehension, the stiffness in her movement and her lack of excitement, but maybe it was just nerves.

“We’re in Hawaii, baby!” Carter picked her up and twirled her around, trying to loosen her up a little.

Once he lowered her to the ground, she pressed her head against his chest. “I love you, Carter.”

“Love you too, sweetheart,” Carter said, closing his eyes, thinking of all she meant to him. “Let’s go for a walk.”

“We’re not going to unpack first?”

“Nah. Let’s worry about that later.”

“Okay.”

Carter, wearing a white shirt, khaki pants and white Louis Vuitton loafers took Shayla by the hand and rode the elevator down to the lobby. Shayla, wearing a pair of white capris and a blue tank top, felt comfortable with him, but as she soaked all of this in, she was hit with a sharp pain in her stomach.

“You okay, hun?” Carter asked, gripping her hand.

“Yeah.”

“Look at me, baby,” he said as they stood near Ala Moana Boulevard, cars breezing by. “I love you. There’s no need to be scared of me, of marrying me and giving your all to me. I know this is happening fast, but you have to trust me, Shayla.”

Shayla hugged Carter tight again, feeling her nervousness rise like morning fog. This was it, the reassurance she needed that she was doing the right thing.

* * *

Back at the suite, Shayla slid into a bubble-filled bath tub, exfoliating her skin, making sure her legs and arms were smoothly shaven. She then stood up, turned on the shower, washed her hair, water speeding into her face, washing away happy tears. But with the happiness came sadness. She thought she’d shook the sad feeling but she still had Jacob on her mind. How could she be thinking about him on her wedding day?

Carter dressed quickly. He’d taken a shower, shaved and dressed in a black tuxedo. He glanced at the clock. It was 7:30 p.m. The ceremony was at eight and he wondered what was taking Shayla so long. She’d been in the bathroom on the opposite side of the suite since 6:30 p.m. Then again, women did require more time to get ready. Still, he wanted to make sure she was okay.

He walked to the bathroom door and tapped on it. “Shay, you okay in there?”

“Yeah,” she said as cheerfully as she could, disguising any hint of sadness in her voice. “I’ll be out in a minute.”

She quickly blow-dried her hair, rubbed lotion all over her body, slipped into her white-laced panties, strapless bra and the gorgeous, all-white spaghetti strap gown that looked fashionable on her thin, model-like body. She poked a pair of diamond studs in her ears and stepped in some silver stilettos. After applying a little foundation to her face and some nude lipstick to her lips, she took a deep breath, opened the door and finally she was ready.

“Wow. You’re…you’re beautiful.”

Shayla blushed. “You’re beautiful, too.”

Carter eyed her from head to toe again. “You ready?”

“Yes.”

“Okay, then. Let’s do it.”

They walked to the elevator, riding it down to the ground floor. Upon arriving to the wedding gazebo, they were greeted with leis again, white flower ones, then they stood holding hands, repeating vows after the minister.

“I’d like to say a few words now,” Carter said. He looked at Shayla, rested his hands on her shoulders and slid them down the length of her arms to her hands, holding them. “Shayla, I know we’ve only known each other for a short period of time, but there’s a stronger, deeper, most intimate connection between us than you realize. You have filled an empty hole in my heart and I’ll always be grateful to you for giving me something I never had.”

“And I’ll always be grateful to you for saving my life,” Shayla said tearfully. “And loving me.”

Carter took the ring, slid it on her finger and kissed the backside of her hand. “I promise to love you stronger, harder and more passionately every day. I promise with my life.”

They were pronounced man and wife, and Carter placed his hands on opposite sides of her face and kissed her lips, whispered a seductive I love you and embraced her.

The newlyweds then went to the beach with a photographer following them, capturing all of their live shots, their first moments as a married couple minutes following the ceremony. Hand in hand, they walked, laughed and danced in the sand and when the photographer had gotten enough pictures, they thanked him.

Carter looked at her, thinking that he couldn’t wait to get her back to the suite. Tonight, he would make her his, and he knew that once they made love, she could never find out about Jacob. He’d made up his mind he wouldn’t tell her because it was irrelevant. He loved her, and tonight, she would know just how much.





Chapter 16





Upon opening the door to their honeymoon suite, Carter kissed her vigorously, holding her hostage with his body. He grabbed her face like he was picking up a bowl and drinking from it, steadily kissing the woman he’d given his last name.

“I love you, girl,” he said looking at her with heat and desire in his eyes, “And tonight, I’m going to make you mine.” Carter hadn’t realized how tightly he held her head between his powerful hands until he heard her gulp an air pocket deep in her throat, trying to pace her breathing back to normal. He had her gripped so tight, he could leave his fingerprints all over her face.

He picked her up and walked her over to the bed, laying her there, watching her recline further, flat on her back. He loved this woman. He married her, and he needed to make love to her more than he needed to breathe.

“I love you,” he told her.

“I love you, too,” she whispered, feeling like her body no longer belonged to her. Carter owned it now. Along with her soul and heart.

Carter felt his eyes begin to water, as he recalled how she was laid up in the hospital with tubes running everywhere…how she had no one, but now she had him. She had his love. His heart. His everything. Because of her, he knew what love was. Love was a man dropping to his knees in a four-thousand dollar suit to help a complete stranger on the street. Love was cancelling meetings to stay with this same stranger in the hospital. Love was going above and beyond for someone you don’t know, moving them in your home to take care of them. Love was buying a year supplys worth of Snickers bars just to please someone. He chuckled to himself thinking about that.





The night had been everything Shayla thought it would be. She thought about how fortunate she was to have him, especially when she once thought being with a man like him was a dream. Her dream was now a reality and she couldn’t deny how loved she felt this very moment.

Carter brushed hair away from her face, thinking about his old ways of being completely noncommittal when it came to women. He swore up and down, in and out that he’d never fall in love and never marry. But as he looked upon her in admiration and awe, he realized that love is all he wanted. She was all he wanted.

There were underlying issues – issues that Shayla was not aware of – but there was no doubt about it. He was in love with Shayla, not because of Jacob but because he genuinely loved her. What troubled him most, though, was the fear of Shayla finding out about his kinship to Jacob. What would she do when she found out? Would she leave? Or was she the forgiving type? The I-can-overlook-your-omission-because-you-saved-my-life type?





Chapter 17





“After last night, I’m surprised we’re up this early,” Carter said with a smirk, sitting at a table with Shayla in the Prince Court restaurant, sipping on coffee as they enjoyed the ocean views, preparing to partake in a litany of breakfast foods.

His beautiful smile made Shayla blush, especially considering that fact that they’d stayed up so late. “I know. We didn’t get to bed until two.”

“Nah, I think it was more like three, or is that the number of times we made love. I’m confused now.” Carter winked at her then checked his watch. “Either way, it’s six now, so that means we’re surviving off of three hours of sleep.”

Shayla yawned. With the intense workout he put her body through, she could certainly use a nap. “Why did we get up so early, anyway?”

“So we can enjoy ourselves, baby. Plus, I worked up a pretty, healthy appetite.”

Shayla smiled. “We could’ve stayed in bed, ordered room service then went back to sleep.”

“That does sound good, but I guess since we’re here already we should go ahead and eat.”

“Okay. Then later, we can take a midday nap on the beach after we’ve had a couple of margaritas. That would be nice, wouldn’t it?” she asked.

“That would be very nice.”

Shayla took another sip of hot coffee. She looked up, saw the couple from the plane. “Hey, isn’t that Kaitlin and Russell?”

Carter looked in the direction she was looking. “Yup. That’s them.” He did a cool wave at Russell and watched him and Kaitlin walk in their direction.

“Hi guys,” Kaitlin said all school-girlish, like she just ran into her B.F.F. unexpectantly.

“Hey,” Carter and Shayla spoke together.

“It’s nice to see y’all again,” Kaitlin said smiling.

“Nice to see you guys, too,” Shayla replied. “Hey…wanna join us for breakfast?”

“Sure,” Kaitlin replied quickly, glancing at Russell for the okay. They both took a seat.

“So you guys are getting married today, right?” Kaitlin asked, looking directly at Shayla.

“Actually, we got married yesterday evening.” Shayla kissed Carter on the jaw.

“Oh, that’s right. Congratulations!” Kaitlin squealed, followed by a three-second congratulatory hand clap.

“Congratulations, man,” Russell said, reaching to pat Carter on the shoulder.

“Thanks,” Carter told him. “I’ve never been happier.”

“Aw…” Kaitlin sang, placing her right hand over her heart. “That’s so beautiful. You guys are such a lovely couple. How did y’all meet, if you don’t mind me asking?”

Shayla froze – the dreaded question. She never came up with a good answer for it. She only hoped no one ever asked. “Ah we—”

“It’s kind of a sad story with a very happy ending,” Carter broke in, cutting Shayla off. He threw his arm around her. “Shayla was having a medical emergency, I called 9-1-1 and never left her side.”

“Aw,” Kaitlin said again, clutching Russell by the hand.

And just like that, Shayla felt the pressure slowly ease away, thanks to being saved by her man, yet again.

Just to keep the conversation moving, Carter asked, “How’d you two meet?”

“We actually met at my sister’s wedding two years ago,” Kaitlin said, flipping her blonde hair out of her face. “I was the maid of honor and he was the best man. Isn’t that just storybook?”

“Yeah. That’s nice,” Shayla said.

“I’m gonna check out this buffet, guys,” Carter said standing.

“Me, too.” Shayla scooted her chair from the table.

Kaitlin and Russell followed them to the buffet where they took plates and chose from a variety of foods – pastries, salad, fruit, yogurt, cereal, pancakes, bacon and eggs. Five minutes or so later, the four of them met back at the table.

Shayla had pancakes, eggs and bacon on her plate. She noticed Carter only had a few papaya wedges, a small serving of strawberry yogurt and skim milk.

“So,” Shayla said, looking at Kaitlin, “Tonight’s the big night for you guys, huh?”

“Yes! I’m so excited.”

“Yeah, this is very exciting for us. It’s been a long time coming,” Russell said. “We’ve been engaged for a year.”

“We were only engaged for a few days,” Carter blurted out, then took a sip of milk.

Shayla cringed, shocked he’d offered up that information so candidly.

“Really,” Russell chimed in.

“Yep,” Carter replied. “When I know something is right, I just know. And this woman is it for me. She is my forever.”

Shayla blushed while trying to chew at the same time.

Carter looked at her, with love in his eyes and bit into a piece of papaya, slurping the juices of it. He leaned close to her ear and whispered, “I want you,” and when he was back sitting upright, he took another seductive bite and looked at her for her reaction, watching her blush yet again. Then he leaned back over to her and said, “I’m not kidding.”

Shayla felt her nerves go crazy. This time she knew he was serious.

Carter wiped his mouth and cleared his throat. “It was nice to see you guys again, ” he told Kaitlin and Russell, “But Shayla and I are exhausted. We’re going to head back to the room and get some rest.”

Yeah, they would be getting some rest, but only after a round of lovemaking.

* * *

Later that afternoon, Shayla and Carter lay on the beach in blue lounge chairs. A light breeze fanned the palm trees above them. Carter had been awake for a few minutes, looking her up and down, admiring the way her body looked in the one-piece, white swimsuit, her light skin glowing from suntan lotion.

He watched her slowly stretch her arms in the air, waking up from a nap in paradise.

“Hey,” she said turning to him. “How long was I sleep?”

“A little over an hour. I just woke up myself, actually.”

Shayla yawned, stretched her arms in the air again. “I cannot believe how beautiful it is here.”

“Yeah, and if you think this is something, wait until we go other places like Paris, Jamaica and Belize.”

Shayla looked at him. “Have you been to those places?”

“Yeah. Paris, once. Jamaica, twice. Haven’t been to Belize yet.”

“Oh.” Shayla stood, yawned again and sat in between Carter’s legs, reclining to rest her head against his six pack. “Believe it or not, this is the only place I’ve been outside of North Carolina…well besides Virginia.”

“Really?”

“Yeah…kinda sad, huh?”

“Not sad at all…just more for me to show you.” Carter ran his hand through her curly strands. “This is perfect. Me. You. Hawaii. Wow.”

Shayla giggled. “You’ve been saying wow a lot lately.”

“I’m just amazed…didn’t know love would feel this good.”

“And to think you were all anti-love when we first met.”

“Yeah, I was, wasn’t I?” he asked adjusting his shades. “But something you said stuck with me.”

“Really?”

“Yep. Remember when I first took you to Carrabba’s?”

“Yeah, and you made me eat calamari.”

They laughed together.

“I didn’t make you eat it,” he said.

“Carter, you held it in front of my mouth and said ‘open up’.” Shayla giggled.

“Okay, so maybe I did make you eat it.” He chuckled. “But back to what I was saying…you said something about love being perfect. You remember that? Said that the Bible says love never fails so that means it’s perfect.”

“You were listening, huh?”

“Yes, and now you’re my wife. How about that?”

“This is perfect isn’t it?” Shayla let out a satisfying sigh, enticed by the warm wind and Carter’s touch.

“Yep. You look amazing in that swimsuit, by the way.”

“Thanks.”

“How ‘bout we get it wet?”

Shayla stood up. So did Carter. He lifted her into his arms and walked closer to the water and, in a passing thought, she remembered Donovan doing something similar.

“Carter.” She let out a nervous giggle. “Don’t drop me.”

“I won’t,” he said, stepping into the warm water. He walked out further, until he was waist deep, then slowly let her fall to her feet in front of him. “I love you, Shayla.”

“I love you too, Carter.” She stared into his eyes, sneaking a kiss from his lips. And then she dipped her hands in the water and splashed some in his face, swaying as fast as she could to get away from him afterwards.

“You’re gonna pay for that,” Carter said, chasing her. He gripped her from behind, twirling her around in the water and pulling her under with him. When they came up, he brushed water from her face and covered her mouth with his, kissing her this time.

They returned to the hotel shortly after to shower and change for dinner and before they could even make it out the suite, Carter embraced her, took delightful kisses from her lips and Shayla knew, by his needful grasps, that they wouldn’t make it to dinner tonight. Instead, they made love for most of the night, ordered some dinner a time later, then made love again, making the most of their last night in Hawaii. Come morning, they would be flying back home to Charlotte.





Chapter 18





Back home now, the concept of marriage was quickly taking off in its first week. The couple made love on a regular basis, ate breakfast and dinner together and spent every available second with each other. Their marriage was the perfect example of what a new couple imagined their marriage would be.

Shayla took over doing housewife duties – cooking, washing clothes, tidying up the home – while Carter continued his role at the bank, making top dollar and happy to be in love while he was doing it. His job finally meant something – meant he would build a secure and stable future for his wife, his family. All the hard work was for her now.

This morning, Shayla woke up alone in the center of the bed. She rubbed her eyes and glanced at the digital clock on his night stand, noticing it was 11:16 a.m. She slept very late after spending most of the night talking with Carter about their future plans.

She inched out of bed, inhaled and exhaled deeply, then began to make the bed.

“Didn’t think you were ever going to get up,” Carter said, standing in her doorway with his arms folded, showing off the cuts of his arm muscles.

Shayla looked him up and down. What a man. He was wearing a gray beater with blue jeans. No shoes.

“I was tired,” she told him, throwing the comforter to straighten it.

“Here, let me help you with that, baby.” Carter walked closer to the bed.

“No. I got it.”

“And I got you,” Carter said, hugging her from behind, embracing her in his arms. Then he spun her around to face him and took a kiss from her lips. “Good morning.”

“Good morning,” she said, smiling beautifully.

“I made breakfast for you, darling. You want to come down and eat?”

“Yeah.”

“Okay. I’ll be on a conference call with Genevieve in the family room, but if you need something it’s okay to interrupt me. ‘Kay?”

“Okay.”

* * *

Over the course of the afternoon, Shayla kept herself busy watching TV court shows, painting her toenails a Mac shade of Jade Dragon (a dark teal color) and organizing her room. She washed a few articles of clothing, experimented with different hairstyles before giving up and letting it hang. She sat in a bathtub of hot water and bubbles, shaving her arms and legs, and afterwards, she put on a silk robe, went downstairs to get a bottle of water, hearing Carter’s voice emanating from the family room. She thought about how professional he sounded and how appealing it was to listen to him work.

She walked to the entrance of the family room, stood there with a bottle of water in her hand and watched Carter looking through papers while Genevieve, on speaker phone, called out figures. Now was probably not a good time to ask to use his laptop, but there weren’t any other computers in the house and she definitely wasn’t going to a library.

Carter looked up, saw her standing there. “Genevieve, Genevieve, hold on a second.” He pressed the hold button, slid off his glasses and said, “Everything okay?”

“Yeah. I just need to borrow your laptop, but if you’re using it, I can wait…”

“I’m not using it,” Carter said. “C’mere for a minute.”

Shayla walked over and stood immediately in front of him. Still sitting, he wrapped his arms around her waist.

“I’ll be done with this soon.”

“Okay.”

“And I’m having a chef make dinner for us tonight.” He glanced at his watch. “He should be here in a lil’ while.”

“You’re having a chef make dinner for us?” Shayla questioned. “What’s the occasion?”

“It’s our one week anniversary, sweetheart, although I don’t need an occasion to do something special for my wife.”

“Okay,” Shayla said smiling a bit, bending over to kiss his lips. It still felt like a dream.

“In the meantime, I want you to relax and I’ll be all yours before you know it.”

“I like the sound of that.” She winked at him. With the laptop in hand, she walked away from him and could feel his eyes burning on her until she had completely exited.

* * *

The chef showed up at four as Carter had planned. Shayla wasn’t sure exactly what he was cooking, but it smelled delicious. The ingredients permeated the house…tomatoes, onions, garlic and oregano. And while he cooked, Shayla stepped out onto the deck, sitting at an umbrella table, writing down information for a floral design class, seriously considering taking classes now that she had the free time. She wondered how the new girl was doing at the shop, and made a mental note to call Rebecca. Besides getting updates on the shop, she needed to tell her about her marriage. To Carter Williams.

Carter, still on the phone with Genevieve, got up from the couch. He walked through the kitchen, holding the cordless, waved at the chef and peered out the windows onto the deck. He saw Shayla at the table, the laptop in front of her. He looked on for a few minutes, peeping the way she was so full of life now, comparing that to how he found her in February. He couldn’t imagine seeing her in such a decrepit state ever again. Just the thought of it was too much to bear.

He ended the call with Genevieve, ran upstairs to shower, then took his time getting dressed, making sure he was well-shaven. He smelled as good as he looked.

After returning his laptop to the family room, Shayla jogged upstairs, peeped in the closet, looking for a black dress – one of the items Carter had purchased for her before they got married. She found it then quickly slipped it over her small frame. It was a strapless black dress, fell just at her knees, looked good with the strappy black stilettos she bought a few weeks ago from Macy’s. After she was done getting dressed, she stepped in the bathroom, teased her hair and made sure she was decent. Satisfied, she slowly descended the stairs, and just shy of tip-toeing, she walked to the kitchen.

“Good evening, Madame,” the chef said to her. He had on a black apron, looked Italian. His hair was as black as hers and he had a mustache.

“Hello,” Shayla said, looking for Carter but he wasn’t in the dining room.

“Here…let me show you to your seat.”

“Ah…okay.” Walking to the table, she noticed a bouquet of red roses, must have been two dozen, shooting out of two crystal vases that looked similar to the one she’d broken. White candles circled the bouquets, giving the dining room the feel of a romantic restaurant. Soft jazz played in the background.

Carter walked in and said, “Smells good, Jacques.”

“It’s almost ready, Monsieur.”

“Excellent.” Carter slapped his hands together. Then he sat down, directly across from Shayla. “You look nervous.”

“I am.”

“Why? It’s just us…in our home…at our table about to eat dinner. You should be comfortable.”

“I know—”

“But?” Carter said.

“You’re a little intimidating.”

“How’s that?”

“You planned this dinner thing—”

“I wanted to do something special for you.”

“So if I wanted to do something nice for you, it would have to be something major…like renting an entire hotel for the night and inviting A-list celebrities.”

Carter studied her. She had all the qualities a man desired in a woman he wanted to get serious with. And that’s why he couldn’t quite understand why Jacob, even in the worst of circumstances, would take his own life when he had a woman like this.

“You have no comment for that?” Shayla watched him stare blankly back at her.

“Every day I wake up and see your beautiful face is something major.”

Carter watched her turn red in the face.

“Okay,” Jacques said, walking over to them with a basket of bread. “Here’s some bread and butter. I’ll be back with the wine.”

Shayla watched Carter take a piece of bread, spread butter on it, put it in a small plate and hand it to her.

“Try that…Jacques makes the best bread.”

Shayla took a bite. “Mmm, this is good.”

Carter took a bite and nodded.

“How do you know Jacques, by the way?” Shayla asked him.

“About four years ago, when I got serious about exercising and working out, I hired him as my personal chef.”

“Oh.” Shayla tasted the bread again.

Carter took a bite too, observing the way Shayla’s hair lay over her left shoulder, the form of her right shoulder clearly visible. He wanted to get up from the table to kiss her from her collar bone, to her neck and back to her shoulder again.

Jacques took a bottle of wine from the counter and poured them the same serving. “I’ll be right back with the lasagna.”

Jacques walked away and Shayla locked eyes with Carter.

“So do you want to ask me something?” he asked her.

Shayla looked at him, confused. “Ask you what?”

He shrugged. “Thought maybe you wanted to know how I feel about us being married?”

“Okay,” Shayla said, taking the bait. “How do you feel?”

“Ummm, hmm,” he hummed.

Shayla frowned.

“I’m just kidding, baby. Man…you should’ve seen the look on your face just now.”

“Only because I know you never wanted to get married.”

“I never said that.”

“Yes you did…said something like you were committed to your career and never been in a serious relationship.”

“Okay…”

“And you said you weren’t husband material. Oh, oh,” Shayla smacked the table, excited she remembered more. “You said some men can settle down but you weren’t wired like that. Ring any bells?”

Carter smirked. “You think I still feel that way?” He took sip of wine and stared at her hard.

She shook her head. “No. I do wonder though…like what was it about me that made you change your mind?”

“I fell in love with you. That’s never happened to me before.”

“And at what point did you fall in love with me?”

Carter took another swig of wine and cleared his throat. “I never told you this but when I found you that day,” he said, taking a moment to keep himself composed, because it was difficult for him to talk about that day. “I got in the ambulance with you and you gripped my hand and told me not to leave you. And from that moment, I swore I would never leave you.” He swallowed hard. “But enough about that. I just want to celebrate our marriage.”

Shayla watched him smirk and she could sense a bit of sadness as he recalled a part of the story from that day. He didn’t talk about it often, she noticed. He never did tell her everything that had occurred and now she knew why. It was too painful for him to talk about.

“Are you happy?” he asked her.

She nodded. “I’m very happy. I’m elated. I never told you this, but when we were just friends, I looked forward so much to you coming home from work so that I could spend some time with you. I remember feeling excited just to be sitting near you. Or watching you work. Or hearing your voice over the phone.”

“Really?”

Shayla nodded. “I still remember the first time you kissed me. I thought I would crumble to pieces. I could feel every nerve in my body zip out of control and it’s a wonder I was able to continue breathing after that.”

Carter sat quietly, taking it all in. He had every mind to send Jacques away so that he could take Shayla upstairs and really make her crumble to pieces. Instead, he stared at her as if seeing her thoughts.

Holding his gaze, Shayla said, “Why are you so quiet?”

“No reason.”

Shayla blushed and took a sip of wine to cool herself off from the heat of his eyes. She knew the look well.

Jacques brought over the lasagna shortly thereafter, and they ate quietly. The usually outspoken Carter was quiet, Shayla noticed. He spoke more with his eyes than his mouth.





Chapter 19





Instead of calling Rebecca, Shayla drove by the flower shop the next afternoon when she knew the place was closed for lunch. She parked next to Rebecca’s car and walking up to the door, she tapped on the glass.

Rebecca, who was sitting behind the counter eating a sandwich, looked up and saw her. The look of happiness and surprise covered her face. She quickly put down her sandwich, wiped her mouth and jumped up to unlock the door.

“Hey, girl,” she told Shayla, after pulling the door open, greeting her with a hug.

“Hey!”

“Come on in so I can lock the door back,” Rebecca said. “I’ve been super busy today. I need this break.”

Shayla stepped inside, watching Rebecca lock the door. “I figured you’d be on lunch.”

“Yes. I probably would’ve died of starvation if I skipped lunch today.”

The women laughed together.

“So how have you been?” Rebecca asked excitedly.

“Good,” Shayla responded. “I have a bit of good news.”

“Please tell me you’re moving back to Charlotte.”

“I’ve already moved back to Charlotte.”

“You did?” Rebecca said, elated.

“Yep, and I have more good news.” Shayla held her left hand out so Rebecca could see the diamond, sparkling on her ring finger.

Rebecca’s eyes grew big and she covered her mouth with her right hand. “Carter?”

“Yep.”

“You’re engaged?” she asked.

“No. We’re married.”

“You’re married!” she shrieked.

“Yes. He asked me a few days after the convention. Then we flew to Hawaii that weekend and got married.”

“Wow!” Rebecca stood, walked around the counter and embraced Shayla. “I’m so happy for you.”

“Thanks.”

“When he came to the convention, I knew he was coming for you. Talk about someone laying their heart on the line…”

“Yeah. He really meant business.”

Rebecca took a bite of her sandwich and mumbled, “So when are the babies coming?”

“Really, Rebecca?”

Rebecca giggled. “What? That’s a legitimate question.”

Kids. Why hadn’t the subject come up before they were married? Shayla was sure she wanted a few, but Carter, on the other hand, stated casually a while back that he didn’t want any. “Well, I’m not sure if we’re having kids, but that’s something we’d have to discuss.”

“Okay, let’s discuss it,” Rebecca quipped.

“No, not with you, silly.” Shayla laughed.

“I know. I just think y’all will have the cutest little babies.”

“Aw. Thank you,” Shayla said beaming.

“So how is it being married? You like it?”

“I love it. Marriage is awesome when you find the right person.”

Rebecca nodded. “You’re settled in and everything?”

“Yep.”

Shayla glanced around the shop. “How’s everything here?”

Rebecca wiped her mouth again. “Well, the girl I hired to replace you quit a few days ago.”

“Why?”

“She was nuts…even with gloves on, she acted like she couldn’t touch dirt.”

They both laughed.

“Well, I’m not doing anything. I could pop in to help you out a few days.”

Rebecca smirked. “Says the woman who just married Carter Williams…you never have to work another day in your life.”

“I would like to have a career, eventually, but I got a feeling Carter doesn’t want me to work.”

“If he doesn’t want children, what are you supposed to do all day if you without a job?”

“That’s a good question.”

“But on the other hand, some men are old fashioned like that. They want to take care of their woman.”

“But doesn’t that make the woman seem needy and dependent?”

“Only if you look at it that way, but from his perspective, it makes him feel like a provider. When a man feels like he can’t provide for his family, he feels like a failure.”

Shayla nodded. That was one of the reasons why she assumed Jacob committed suicide. He’d lost his job, couldn’t find one and couldn’t provide for her without employment.

“I say, let him do the husbandly thing and take care of you.”

Shayla was in a trance, thinking about Jacob and his depression. She hadn’t heard Rebecca’s follow-up comment.

“Shayla?”

She blinked a few times, then looked at Rebecca. “Huh? I’m sorry. I was in another world just now.”

“I said, let him take care of you if that’s what he wants.”

“Yeah. I guess.”

“So anyway, what you got planned for tonight? Maybe we can do dinner?”

“Um…I gotta check with Carter. He’s always planning something for us. Let me talk to him and I’ll get back to ya.”

“All right then, Mrs. Williams.”

Shayla smiled. It felt weird hearing Rebecca call her that. “All right. I’ll let you get back to work.”

“Okay. You can stop by anytime, and call me.”

“I will.”

The women hugged again and Shayla walked out of the door, hearing the familiar chime of the bell.





Chapter 20





On the drive home, Shayla called Jacqueline to inform her that she would be stopping by at some point today. Said she had some news to tell her. Jacqueline invited her to come by around four, and Shayla agreed that was a good time to meet. It would give her time to take a nap before she headed over there.

Back at home, she got comfortable on the couch, rested for a while, but was awakened by her cell phone vibrating across the coffee table. She picked it up, saw Carter’s picture on her home screen and smiled.

“Hey, baby,” she answered in a seductive slumber.

“You just woke up,” Carter said. “I can always recognize that sexy, sleepy voice of yours.”

Shayla smiled. “Yeah. I just woke up. What time is it?”

Carter checked the time by looking in the bottom right corner of his computer screen. “It’s a little after three.”

She yawned and stretched her arms high. “What are you doing?”

“About to go into a meeting. I should be out of here on time today if you want to do something later.”

“Okay, that’s cool. I should be back by the time you get off work.”

“Back from where?”

“Jackie’s. I’m heading over there in a few. I’m dying to show her my ring and tell her that we’re married now.”

Carter grew quiet. The thought of her going alone and telling Jacqueline about their marriage was unsettling. Under normal circumstances, it would’ve been fine. But Jacqueline knew too much, and he needed to ensure that his aunt didn’t slip up and say anything about Jacob. “How about you call her back and tell her you’ll be there at six-thirty then I can join you?”

“You sure?”

“Yeah. We can tell her the news together.”

“Okay. I’ll call her right now.”

Shayla hung up and immediately called Jacqueline back, informing her that Carter wanted to come by as well and that they’d be there after six.

* * *

Carter left work on time so he could meet Shayla at Jacqueline’s house. And although he was with her now, he still felt leery about what Jacqueline might say. But that’s the price he had to pay for a guilty conscience.

He held Shayla’s hand as they walked up to the door, and ringing the doorbell he whispered to Shayla, “So how do you think we should tell her?”

“I’m not sure. She’s your aunt.”

“Oh, so I’m telling her?” Carter grinned.

“We can tell her together. We shouldn’t be nervous. It’s not like we’re telling our parents or anything. Besides, I think she likes me so she would be totally fine with me being your wife.”

“Hey,” Jacqueline said, opening the door. “Come on in. Good to see you guys.”

“Something smells good.” Carter rubbed his hands together, ready to eat dinner after a long day at work.

After they sat on the couch, Jacqueline said, “Y’all might as well come on to the kitchen because dinner is already done. I made a homemade chicken and dumpling soup with collard greens and corn bread. I know food like this is probably a little old for your taste but that’s how my generation likes to eat.”

“That’s fine with me,” Shayla said. “I could stand to add a little meat on my bones.” She glanced at Carter and watched him smirk.

Jacqueline took the liberty of making their plates, then as they sat eating dinner Jacqueline took a long look at the both of them. “It’s good to see you two together.” She glanced at Carter watching him smile. Shayla had a smile on her face too. “Okay, what are you two up to.”

Carter and Shayla both laughed together.

“Um, Jackie, we have something to tell you,” Shayla said, cringing.

“What is it?”

“Um…”

Carter barged in. “Shayla and I are married now.”

Jacqueline dropped her spoon and while she processed this, Shayla extended her hand to show Jacqueline the ring. “Oh my word, Carter. Are you kidding me?”

“No ma’am,” he replied. “We’ve been married for over a week now.”

Neither Carter nor Shayla expected Jacqueline to start crying but that’s what she did as her hands trembled in front of her opened mouth. She dabbed her eyes then stood up to walk around the table and hug both of them.

After dinner they set at the table still talking when Shayla excused herself for a bathroom break. That’s just what Carter needed so he could talk to his aunt in private.

“I’m so proud of you,” Jacqueline said. “I’m glad you finally told her about Jacob. Now you guys can live happily ever after.”

“Actually, I didn’t tell her.”

“What?”

Carter looked over his shoulder to make sure Shayla wasn’t coming. “I haven’t told her. I never could bring myself to do it and I don’t think I ever will. As long as she doesn’t know our marriage will be fine. Everything will be fine and Jacob will become someone she used to love. Now, I’m the man she loves.”

“But Carter you have to think about her feelings. How do you think she would feel if she found out tomorrow that Jacob is your brother? What do you think she would think of you for keeping that from her?”

“I’m hoping she would see how much I love her instead of focusing on something bad I’ve done. I do love her. I love her very much, Jackie.”

“I’m just worried that she’ll find out.”

“No, she won’t find out.”

“Shh,” Jacqueline whispered when she saw Shayla approaching.

Shayla sat down, took a sip of water and looked at the both of them sitting suspiciously quiet. “Everything good?”

“Yeah, baby.” He kissed her on the cheek. “Everything is perfect.” That’s the lie he told her and himself. But how long would he be able to keep it up?





Chapter 21





“Leaving on time today, Mr. Williams?” Julie said, but it sounded more like a statement or observation than a question.

Carter was heading home, right at five-thirty. “Yeah…got plans,” he said thinking about how excited Shayla was to go grocery shopping with him. Cuddling last night, she’d brought up the fact that they didn’t have any wheat bread and were out of milk and eggs – Carter finding it strange she brought this up while they held each other.

Carter waved bye to Julie and told her not to stay too late. She had no clue he’d ran off and gotten married. He didn’t tell her for fear she’d have a heart attack right there in front of him. Besides, he hadn’t told anyone. Not even his best friend. All in due time.

He pulled up in the driveway, tooted the horn and waited for Shayla to come out. Grocery shopping – apparently it was important for her that they do it together and Carter welcomed the idea. He wanted to experience everything with Shayla and if shopping together for groceries was an important marriage milestone for her, then it was just as important to him.

Shayla came running outside wearing a white tank top and some floral print skinny jeans and sandals. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail. She opened the passenger door and jumped in.

“Hey baby,” she said, leaning over to kiss him.

“Hey, you.” Carter put the truck in reverse and backing out of the driveway. A few turns later, he pulled up in the parking lot at Harris Teeter, found a close parking stall and shut off the truck.

He looked at Shayla then leaned over to kiss her. “Mmm…you smell good. What you wearing?”

“Just some Victoria’s Secret lotion.”

“Oh yeah?” Carter asked, sneaking more kisses.

“Mmm hmm.” Shayla squirmed while Carter kissed her jaw, down her neck a little.

“Can we please go back home?” he begged. “Or we can get in the back seat.”

“Carter…” Shayla said, slapping his arm.

“What?” he said, locking the doors to the truck when he saw her reach for the handle to get out. “You’re mine now, woman.”

“I realize that,” Shayla laughed, “But right now, we gotta go buy some food.” She unlocked her door then got out.

Carter followed suit.

Shayla took a grocery cart, pushing it ahead while Carter trailed her. “Hey, Carter, you drink skim milk, right?” She looked at him, waiting for him to respond, while thinking that stuff like this – the type of milk a person drinks – is learned during the course of a relationship, something a person should probably know well before marriage. Then again, they hadn’t had a long courtship. Actually, they had no courtship, just an amazing friendship that evolved into a love neither of them saw coming.

“I’m not a big milk drinker, but I do use skim milk for cereal.”

“Okay. Skim milk it is then.” Shayla took a gallon size jug from the refrigerator section and placed it in the cart.

“Sweetie, if you prefer something different, get it. We don’t have to only buy the things I like.”

“Okay,” Shayla acknowledged, but didn’t bother to select anymore milk, even though she preferred two percent. “Carter, what brand of yogurt do you like?”

“Um…doesn’t matter,” Carter said, noticing an old co-worker heading his way. From working with Robert, Carter remembered that the guy was long-winded, and he hadn’t seen him since the deaths of his Mother and brother. He was almost positive Robert knew about it. Everyone he worked with did. So instead of waiting until the guy was near him, Carter decided it would be better if he walked closer to him instead. That way, they could have a conversation without Shayla having to hear what was being said.

“Shayla, I’ll be right back, sweetie.”

“Okay,” Shayla said, still not paying much attention but instead, digging through an assortment of yogurts – key lime pie, black forest cheesecake and blueberry.

Carter walked the aisle, scanning the ice cream section, pretending not to have seen Robert approaching.

“What’s up, man?” he finally heard Robert say.

He looked up and pretended to be surprised. “What’s up with you, man…haven’t seen you in a while.”

They slapped hands and Carter turned around to see how close Shayla had come to meet him. She was still browsing yogurt. He had a little time for catch-up chit chat with Robert and hopefully a quick goodbye.

“I see you lookin’ sharp…you still running things down there at corporate, huh?” Robert asked him.

Carter laughed it off. “If that’s what you call it. But yeah, man, I’m still there…still doing the thang, you know. How’s your new gig?”

“It’s good…less stress on my head. I don’t know how you do it.”

Carter turned around again, saw Shayla pushing the cart his way. He had to cut it short with Robert before he brought up anything about his brother and the funeral.

“Well, ah’ight man, I’m gonna actually get going…just doing a little grocery shopping with my wife. Good seeing you though.”

Robert frowned. “Wife?”

By that time, Shayla was standing there watching the two of them.

Carter cleared his throat. “Um…Robert, this is my wife, Shayla. Shayla, this is Robert. He used to work at corporate with me.”

“Hi,” Robert said with a look of shock on his face initially, but Shayla’s smile made this real. The infamous Carter Williams had gotten hitched.

“Hi. Nice to meet you,” Shayla said.

Robert glanced back at Carter. “Man, I didn’t know you had gotten married.”

“Yeah. We’ve only been married for a little over a week now.”

“Well congrats, man,” Robert said flabbergasted.

“Thanks,” Carter told him.

“Oh, and excuse my manners, darling,” Robert said, looking at Shayla. “It’s nice to meet you as well.”

“Ah’ight man, well we’re gonna get back to shopping,” Carter said, hoping Robert would walk away from them.

“Ah’ight. Catch you later.” Robert turned to walk away then stopped abruptly and said, “Oh, Carter, sorry to hear about your brother, by the way, man.”

Busted.

Carter was speechless. He only gave Robert a slight nod and watched him walk away finally. But the cat was already out of the bag. Now, Shayla knew he had a brother.

When Robert was completely out of sight, Shayla said, “What did he mean about your brother? I didn’t even know you had a brother. You have a brother?”

“Yeah…it’s nothing.” Carter took a few steps near the butter and cheese.

“Nothing?” Shayla pushed the cart behind him. She vaguely remembered Carter mentioning to her that he didn’t have any siblings. So where did this mysterious brother come from?

Carter rubbed his head. How was he going to get out of this one? “Hey, did you get some cheese?”

“No, I didn’t get cheese. Carter, you have a—”

“What kind do you like?” he asked before she could say anything else.

Shayla recognized what he was doing by trying to quiet her, but why? Suddenly, her happy grocery shopping trip with hubby was becoming more like an episode of Unsolved Mysteries. Where was this brother of his? Why had she never met him and most importantly, why did Carter keep him a secret?

“Shay,” Carter said looking at her. “What kind of cheese?”

Shayla felt a painful disconnection from him. Sure, she was married to him, in love with him but other than what he told her, she knew nothing else about his family. A person’s family is what really told the story about the person.

“Okay….well, I’ll grab some…ah…cheddar,” Carter said. “Is that good with you?”

“Yeah…sure. Is that all we need?”

Carter squinted at her, sensing her change in mood. He scanned the contents of the grocery cart. “I guess so.”

They breezed through checkout and outside now, Carter set the bags in the back seat of the truck, then pushed the cart to the return station.

In the truck now, he started the engine, looked over at Shayla and asked, “Is there anywhere else we need to go before we head home?”

Shayla shook her head wordlessly. Carter proceeded to back out of the parking stall, then drove off, silently heading down the street. The drive home was awkward, at first. Shayla didn’t say a word, and Carter could feel the tension building an invisible wall between the two of them. He lightened the pressure a little when he casually said, “I had a brother, okay.”

“Yeah, whatever.”

“Wait a minute. What does that mean?”

“Means you don’t have to tell me anything, Carter,” Shayla snapped. “We’ll just be two people who love with each other, but really don’t have a clue about one another. That’s all. After all, I guess it’s my fault that I don’t know what kind of milk and cheese you like, oh and that you have a brother that I know absolutely nothing about.”

Carter slid on his shades and silently drove the few minutes it took to get home. Telling her about Jacob now would be a crushing blow to their relationship. They’d just gotten married and surely if he rattled off about how Jacob was his brother, their relationship would take a nose dive. Instead he focused on her words – we’re two people who are in love with each other but really don’t have a clue about one another. There was a loud ring of truth with that statement, and he wanted to change that. So after they quietly unpacked groceries, put things away in the fridge and pantry, Carter sat in the den waiting for Shayla to join him.

Once she sat down, he pulled her closer.

“I’m not your enemy. I’m your husband.”

“I know that…”

“Okay, so why are you trying to distance yourself from me just because we had a slight disagreement. Love means working things out, baby. So what if we don’t know every little thing about each other. I’m sure there are things I will learn about you every single day of our lives.”

Shayla remained quiet.

“And just so you know, and to ease this unnecessary tension between us, yes I had a brother. He died.”

“I’m sorry,” she empathized.

“It’s okay.”

“When did he die?”

“Doesn’t matter,” Carter said, threading his fingers together. “He’s dead and so is my Mother.”

“Why are you saying it like that, Carter? Like you don’t care? It’s hard to lose someone you love…especially a relative.” Shayla scooted a space away from him so she could look him in the eyes.

“It hurts but life goes on, right?”

“Are you listening to yourself?”

Feeling pressured, he responded, “What do you want me to say?” He didn’t want to talk about his brother in any more detail than necessary. If he did, Shayla was bound to ask for more details about him – like his name – and he hated to lie to her. Again.

“I want you to tell me what happened without being all blasé about it.”

“I told you what happened,” he said testily. “Why are you drilling me about this, Shayla?”

“Drilling you? I’m drilling you? I thought I was having a conversation with my husband. Jeez, Carter. Can I not ask you any personal questions? Is that it? I haven’t earned the right?”

Carter ignored her, took the remote from the coffee table and powered on the TV.

“You know what…forget I said anything!” Shayla angrily stood up and headed for the door. “I can’t believe this.”

Carter jumped off the couch after her and grabbed her arm before she could leave the den. “You really wanna do this? You want to get mad at me over something trivial?”

“This is our life, Carter. How is getting to know my husband better trivial? How? Explain that to me!” she said, standing her ground.

“Because everything was fine between us before you started all of this.”

“Started what? The only thing I did was ask you about your brother and it sparked all this chaos, but you know what…I promise I will never ask you anything else about your family if this is the response I’m gonna get.” Shayla snatched her hand away from him, leaving the den.

“Fine, then!” he shot back, sitting down again.

“Fine!” she yelled halfway up the stairs. “Let me know when my normal, sane husband returns.”

She hit a nerve. Carter’s mind went blank when he heard her say those words. He was already under extreme pressure – pressure from work, from guilt, from marrying her, from keeping Jacob a secret – it was all too much for him. He jumped off the couch like a mad man, dashed upstairs to catch her. He stopped her in the hallway, just steps from their bedroom.

“Who do you think you’re talking to like that?” He glared at her, his chest quickly rising in and out as his body pressed her against the wall.

“Leave me alone, Carter.”

“No. This is what you want, right? You wanna fight? Let’s fight,” he said yelling.

“I don’t want to argue with you,” Shayla said nervously, her palms flat against his chest, pushing him slightly as he confined her to the wall. She’d never seen him this angry before.

“It’s too late for that, don’t you think,” he said, slapping the wall.

Shayla tried to push him again, but he hardly moved.

“You don’t think talking about my family is difficult for me? You think I don’t care about my family?”

“You act like you don’t care…don’t care enough to discuss anything with me anyway.”

“Did it ever cross your mind that maybe I don’t want to talk about them! Hunh? That it hurts me to talk about them?”

“Carter, stop yelling at me,” Shayla said, her voice cracking.

“Seems that’s the only way you can hear me,” he said even louder, if that was possible. “I can’t believe this! We ain’t even been married for two weeks and here you go starting some—”

“I don’t want to start anything. I just asked you a question and look at your reaction. What’s wrong with you, Carter?”

“You need to ask yourself that. I’m done talking to you! Done!” Carter turned around, headed downstairs, back to the den.

Shayla stood there in the hallway for a moment more, trying to make sense of what happened. And after she got a hold of herself, she quietly walked downstairs, took her purse and keys from the kitchen table and walked out the front door. She needed to get away from the house. Time alone would give them both a chance to cool down.





Chapter 22





She found herself at Southpark Mall, browsing shops, thinking about how great it would be to have girlfriends to confide in at this moment, but she had no friends, well besides Rebecca, but that was more of a work-type friendship, not a shoulder-to-cry-on friendship. The only real friend she had was her husband, and from the looks of it, he didn’t want to be anywhere near her. Two hours had passed since she left the house and he hadn’t even called to see where she’d run off to. Did he even know she was gone? Or was he so angry, he didn’t care?

Shayla walked in Belk, browsing skinny jeans and fall gear. Bored with that, she headed to The Cheesecake Factory, ordered a strawberry daiquiri and sat there, alone, watching a little boy at a nearby table whine like a two-year old – only he was much older. Nine, maybe ten.

She took her straw and twirled it around in her drink, just daydreaming, but her thoughts were interrupted by her cell ringing. She took it from her purse, checked to see who it was as if that was necessary. Carter was bound to call sooner or later.

“What?” she answered.

“That’s how you gon’ answer the phone when I call you?” he asked with anger in his voice.

“You’re lucky I answered at all.”

“Where are you?”

Shayla sighed, thought about ordering another drink but dismissed the idea since she had to drive home.

“I said, where are you, Shayla?” Carter asked impatiently, as he paced the sidewalk in his front yard.

“I’m at the mall.” Shayla rolled her eyes as if he could see her.

“Which mall?”

“What does it matter?”

“Which mall, Shayla?”

“Southpark.”

“When are you coming home?”

Shayla checked her watch. The time was fifteen minutes past ten. “Not sure.”

“You’re not sure?” Carter repeated with raised brows.

“I’ll be there in a lil’ while.”

“How long is a lil’ while?” he tossed back.

“I don’t know, Carter. I need time to think. Can I have that, or—”

“I want you home…now. We’ll talk when you get here.”

“You mean you’ll yell at me again and smack the wall…not talk.”

Carter was so angry, he felt warmer than usual. And it didn’t help that it was muggy outside. “What time are you going to be home?”

Shayla sighed. “I’ll be there in a few.”

“Stop playing with me, Shay, and tell me when.”

“I don’t know when,” Shayla said raising her voice. It was so loud in the restaurant, she hadn’t disturbed anyone. She fit right in.

“So you want me to come there? That’s what you want?”

“And why would I want you to come here when I left the house to get away from you?”

Carter rubbed his head with his right hand out of frustration and asked as calmly as he could, “When are you going to be here?”

Shayla closed her eyes, took a moment to calm down. As much as she longed for marriage, like every other woman on the planet, now she realized it wasn’t all pink roses and champagne. Marriage was hard, no matter how much you love the person you’re with. The highs and lows took a toll on a person, and making the union work required more patience than the average person possessed.

Shayla thought about calling Rebecca, spending the night at her place instead of facing Carter tonight. Maybe he needed more time to cool off.

“I’ll be there in twenty minutes,” she said crestfallen. “Is that good enough for you?”

“Yeah. Fine. And if you’re not here in twenty minutes, I will be on my way to Southpark Mall.”

Shayla rolled her eyes, ended the call and slid her phone back in her purse. She paid for her drink, left a five dollar tip on the table and headed for her car.

* * *

At home now, she walked in the house slinging her purse carelessly to the living room couch. She could hear the TV still going in the family room, so she figured Carter was in there. So continuing on upstairs, she undressed and stepped in the shower, squeezing berry scented body wash on a loofa and rubbing it all around her body. She shampooed her hair too, all the while thinking about Carter, their fast marriage and how they didn’t know much about each other. And had she ever seen him so angry?

Carter heard her come in. He’d been patiently waiting for her to get there, sitting in the family room, on the couch with his head hanging low, wondering how he could let himself get so angry with her and what he would do to make things right between them.

After giving her a few more minutes to get settled, he jogged upstairs, took a kiss from her without even saying a word and they were on the bed loving each other the way they should’ve been instead of fighting.





“I’m sorry,” he said, softly into her ear.

“Me too.” She leaned forward to kiss him.

“I didn’t mean to yell at you, baby,” he told her.

“I know.”

“It’s just that I don’t like talking about my brother…never been able to come to terms with how things ended between us.”

Shayla kissed his chest. “That’s okay, Carter. We don’t have to talk about it. I understand.”

“No, I want to talk about it.” He squeezed a chunk of her hair. “And I do want to share my life and my past with you. Don’t ever think I don’t, okay?”

“Okay,” Shayla whispered.

Carter took a much needed breath. “My brother and I were very close back in the day but as we got older, we drifted apart. I never had a chance to make things right with him and it weighs heavily on my conscience. Have you ever wished you would’ve said something to somebody, and you never got the chance to?”

“Yeah.” Shayla knew that feeling all too well.

“It hurts, doesn’t it?”

“Yeah.” Shayla closed her eyes, fully relaxed trailing the length of his left arm with her right hand, finding his hand and interlocking their fingers.

Carter held her tight and let his worries subside, just for the night, but come morning, his anxiety was sure to return. Because even though he strategically gotten past what could’ve been a very bad situation, he was now troubled even more because at some point, Shayla would want to know his brother’s name. And then it would be downhill from there.





Chapter 23





Shayla kissed Carter on the cheek as he sat at the kitchen table, flipping through the newspaper at six in the morning.

“Good morning, sweetie,” he told her, watching her walk around the table.

“Good morning.” She walked to the countertop, and standing in front of the coffee maker, she poured coffee in two mugs, stirred in some cream and sugar and placed one on the table in front of him.

He dropped the newspaper and took a sip of coffee. “Thank you, baby.”

“You’re welcome.” Shayla sat next to him and took a sip of coffee. “What are you doing dressed so early?”

“I gotta run by the office…pick up some documents.” Carter took another sip. “Plus, I didn’t sleep much last night so I got up earlier than normal.”

“Why couldn’t you sleep?”

“I spent most of the night watching you sleep.”

“You did?” Shayla said blushing, feeling flattered.

“Yep.”

“Why?”

“Just thinking.”

“About?”

“About us, of course. I didn’t want to admit it yesterday, but you made some valid points about us not knowing much about each other. So last night, I’m watching you sleep and all the while I’m thinking how grateful I am to have found you, found love and happiness. But then I also think about our marriage, about how I love you with all my heart, but I don’t know you with all of it. For instance, why do you hold me so tightly when we make love?”

A nervous smile touched her lips. “Because I love you, but I didn’t realize I was squeezing you so hard. I’ll try to be more conscience of it.”

“I actually like it, Shayla. I just wanted to know why you did it.” Carter set the mug aside. “And the scratches…I see scratches on your face and your body but I don’t know where they came from, though I know they tell a story.”

Shayla felt her heart sink. “I thought you said you didn’t care about my scars.”

“I don’t. I mean…how can I put this? Um, I think you’re beautiful regardless of the scars, but I want to know how they got there.”

Shayla frowned and closed her eyes. Looking at him she said, “My life on the street was rough, Carter. I’ve been through things I don’t even want to think about…let alone talk about.”

“Yeah, but I’m your husband. I want to know you. Completely. We should know each other on a level that no one else does. Isn’t that the reason why you were so upset with me yesterday? Because you didn’t know I had a brother.”

“Yeah, but—”

“So why put up a wall when I ask you a few questions? I just want simple answers. I think I’m entitled.”

“Entitled?” Shayla said with raised eyebrows.

Carter sighed, realizing he’d chosen the wrong words. “Okay…I think I deserve that much. Better?”

Shayla took a sip of coffee and stared down into her mug.

“No comment?” Carter asked.

She glanced up at him. “I really don’t want to talk about my life on the street. You know how painful that was for me.”

“I only know because you say it’s painful. I need details, Shayla.”

“Why? Why now?”

“Because I want our relationship to be deeper.”

Shayla sighed. “Carter, I can’t—”

“Why not?”

“Because I can’t.”

“I broke down and told you about my brother. You can’t be the same way with me?” he asked, playing the brother angle when he was fully aware he hadn’t told her everything about his brother, his name being the most important.

“I want to talk to you about it but—”

“Then talk to me, baby,” he coached.

Her eyes floated up and down his face, staring at his lips, then his eyes again. She took a deep breath. “Where do I start?”

“When you were on the streets, where did you sleep?”

“I was at a homeless shelter in the beginning…then I started staying under an overpass, and after that, I slept anywhere I fell, pretty much. It really didn’t matter. It’s not like one place was more comfortable than the other.”

“But why would you sleep on a sidewalk if you could stay at a homeless shelter?” Carter asked and he felt his throat tighten with the question. This was more painful to talk about for him than it was for her.

“Because sometimes, those shelters were even scarier than sleeping on the street. I’ve had things stolen from me after I fell asleep, and then I was stuffed between people I didn’t know. The shelter was so crowded, I had to sleep on the floor sometimes.”

“And these scars on your face.” Carter traced them with his index finger. “Where did they come from?”

Shayla trembled. How could he find her attractive with scars on her face and body? His bringing attention to him only made her feel worse about her appearance. She wished she would’ve put on some makeup before she came downstairs.

“Shayla?”

She locked eyes with him, remembering where the scars had come from. She was running through the woods trying to get away from some strange, deranged man when she’d tripped over a small pile of old trash that was illegally dumped there, twisting her ankle.

“Talk to me, baby,” Carter said touching her face.

“Um…I got a lot of these scratches while running away from someone…” Shayla said, her voice cracking. Eyes watering. Hands trembling. “I thought he was going to hurt me, so I took off running through the woods. It was dark and I really couldn’t see where I was going. I was running into so many tree limbs and bushes. I fell, twisted my ankle and hit my head on something and blacked out.” Shayla wiped her eyes and Carter held her hand to comfort her. “When I woke up, he was gone.”

Carter felt anger build up in his heart. His lips quivered and he felt so much rage, he was starting to see red as he thought about what had happened to his wife. If he could only find this guy who chased her…he’d beat him into an unrecognizable pulp. He took a sip of coffee while seriously thinking about this then asked her, “How did you end up on the street where I found you? On Trade Street?”

“Um…I was cold. I hadn’t had anything to eat in days. So I thought that maybe if I went to an area that was pretty crowded, I could get more help. So I went to Uptown, but when I got there, I realized I had no desire to ask anyone else for money,” she said tearfully. “I didn’t want any help…I just…I just wanted to die.”

“You wanted to die?” Carter forced out, lips trembling again.

Shayla nodded and took another deep breath. “I didn’t want to deal with the pain and misery anymore. So I got as close to the curb as I could. I had every intention on stepping in front of a bus.”

“What?” Carter asked frowning. Distraught.

“I was depressed, hungry and at that point, my life had no meaning.” Shayla wiped her eyes. “I saw the city bus coming down the street towards me, so I stood up with the intent of lunging myself in front of it but when I was ready to jump, I collasped. Two days later, you were there.”

Carter’s throat tightened. “You were going to commit suicide?”

“I didn’t see any other way out, and I didn’t care at that point. I’d given up.”

Carter felt something die in him. “And you…you laid there for two days before I came along?”

“Yeah.”

“No one stopped to help you?”

“No.”

Carter closed his eyes tight, then looked up at the ceiling, trying to make sense of all of this.

“If I had died, no one would’ve missed me. As it was, I didn’t have anything…no clothes but the raggedy clothes on my back, no food, everything I owned was stolen from me, my fiancé committed suicide. I had nowhere to live…had to beg for money to survive. After all that, I just wanted to end it all.”

Carter felt a blazing anger in his chest, not at her but at himself. All the things she went through on the street were his fault. If he had taken care of her like his brother had asked him to, he could’ve saved her from all the trauma she experienced – another reason for Shayla to hate him when she found out the truth.





Chapter 24





Since he was in the office, Carter went on and checked a few emails, sifting through stacks of paperwork. Busy work. Work that kept him from thinking about the things Shayla told him. Instead he mulled over his own selfish choices. He could’ve tried harder to help his little brother. There was no reason why two grown, rational men couldn’t resolve their differences. He could’ve comforted Jacob somehow, mentored him, helped to mold him into a man, to further his career and give him brotherly advice. Instead, he let things go as they were.

That same lackadaisical attitude continued after Jacob died. He looked for Shayla for a few days then let things go as they were, simply turning his back. If only he had listened…

“Carter,” Julie said interrupting his thoughts, peeping around his door. “Should I order some lunch, or are you leaving early today?”

“Um…” Carter rubbed his hand across his head and glanced at the clock. “It’s twelve o’clock already?”

“Yeah. Time sure is flying today, isn’t it?”

“Yeah.” He checked his watch to verify the time. He rubbed his head again and sighed. “Julie, come in for a minute.”

Julie stepped in the office, shut the door behind her. “Is everything okay?” she asked him, standing in front of his desk.

“You remember when I went to Hawaii?”

“Yeah. Everybody was shocked that you actually took a vacation.” Julie grinned.

“Well, I got married. I’m sure that’s even more shocking.”

Julie’s eyes grew big. “You got married?”

“Yeah.” Carter handed her a framed wedding photo, a picture he kept in the top drawer of his desk since he didn’t want the office to know that he’d gotten married. Now, he didn’t care. He wanted everyone to know.

“You got married!” Julie screeched, staring at the wedding photo. “She’s beautiful, Carter.”

“Thanks.” Carter set the picture back on his desk. “Her name is Shayla…best thing that has ever happened to me.”

Julie placed a hand on her hip. “Now is this the same Shayla who sent you those beautiful yellow roses?”

“Yes,” Carter said, smiling. “She’s the one.”

“Well congratulations!” She handed the picture back to him.

“Thank you.”

“Why didn’t you tell anyone? I could’ve set up a party and everything.”

“Nah…I didn’t want all the fanfare. I wanted it to be something I only shared with her.”

“Aw,” Julie said, placing both hands over her heart. “That’s so sweet. I’m so happy for you.”

“Thank you.”

“You’re welcome,” Julie replied. “Should I order lunch?”

“Not today. I’m leaving in a little while.”

“Got to get back home to the wife, huh?” Julie said, then winked at him.

“Do you have anything I need to sign before I go?”

She thought for a moment and said, “No, but I sent you an email about an hour ago from Thomas Corbitt…looked important so you might want to tackle it before you leave.”

“Will do. Thanks, Julie.”

“No problem. Anywho, I’ll get out of your hair now.”

Before she could completely close the door, he said, “Oh, and Julie, send out a reminder to everyone about the mixer tomorrow night.”

“Will do, Sir. Should I mention anything about your new wife, or did you want to spring it on everyone when they arrive?”

“Probably would be a good idea to tell them in the reminder.”

“Alrightly. I’ll get right on it,” Julie said glowing with excitement and glad she would be the one to tell the news to everyone.

Carter took the picture from his desk again, feeling a burst of anger with much contrition. He felt a tightness in his chest as he thought about Shayla, her hard life and the thoughts of his sweet, innocent wife being beaten and so damaged, the only way she saw out of her situation was suicide – same as his brother – and that made him sick to his stomach.

After responding to the email that Julie brought to his attention, Carter shut down his workstation, slid on his shades and walked out of the office, instructing Julie to call him on his cell if she needed to reach him for any reason.

Standing outside now, he looked up at the sky with his bloodshot eyes hiding behind dark frames. It was a beautiful sky – a soft, light-blue canvass dressed with thick, cotton-white clouds. The smell of food filled Uptown streets. So did crowds of people as they hurried to fill their midday cravings and head back to work for another four hours of mind-bending labor.

Carter placed his hands in his pocket and proceeded to the corner of Trade and Tryon Streets. He felt the need to revisit the location where he found Shayla, seeking closure, but there would never be any real closure unless he confessed to her who he really was. This was a secret he couldn’t keep any longer, for the sake of their marriage and his own sanity.

The walk indicator light signaled him to proceed across Tryon Street, passing a group of business men. He continued pass Independence Center and on to the location where it happened, where he found her. He noticed a few people sitting on the benches near the area, but in his mind, he could see Shayla lying there. The image of her cold, dirty and so close to death was embedded in his mind like a recurring bad dream. He could recall yelling for help, the crowd gathering and the loud sirens hollering. He could feel her cold hands, frigid purple lips, her lifeless state.

His eyes watered behind his shades thinking about this – about how he could have prevented all of it. He reflected back to when he told his Mother about Jacob’s suicide note…

“How did this happen to our family, Mother? How did this happen to us? Jacob is dead…my only brother is dead!” Carter said, his head hanging low.

“Jacob didn’t want anything to do with us—”

“Yeah, because you drove him away! Me and Jacob used to be best friends…like brothers should be. Then you kept filling his head with all this garbage about me being better and how he should be more like me. He was his own person. He had his own life. He didn’t need to be me!”

“I was just telling him the truth!”

“How? By making him feel unworthy?”

“Call it what you want, but the truth of the matter is, you will never be anything in this world if you don’t have money. Jacob didn’t understand that and that’s why he took his own life – he didn’t have money to do nothing and he realized that I was right!”

“No, you weren’t right, Mother. You were wrong!”

“If I was so wrong, why did you turn out to be so successful? Hunh?”

“Because you brainwashed me into thinking that having money is all there is—”

“Money is all there is! Can you imagine how pitiful you would be right now if you didn’t have money – if you didn’t have your career?”

Carter sighed and shook his head., “I don’t know what happened to you. The truth is, we were happier before the money, Mother. When the money came, you changed. You loved it more than you ever loved me and Jacob, and the only reason you put me through college and made sure I had a successful life was not because you wanted me to be happy. You wanted me to make sure that you stayed happy and financially stable for the rest of your life. It’s not right! You destroyed Jacob and it’s not right! You belittled him every chance you got…told him he was no good, that his father was no good and that he would never amount to anything. You destroyed him! And you destroyed this family!”

Carter watched his Mother tremble. She hadn’t even shed a tear at Jacob’s funeral, but she cried in front of Carter, accepting some responsibility for Jacob’s depression. She demanded too much of Jacob. Now he was gone.

“He wrote me a letter, Mother,” Carter said in a low monotone. “He asked me to take care of his fiancée. I can’t find her and I was wondering if you know where she might be. Her name is Shayla Kline.”

“Jacob wrote you?” she asked, wiping her eyes.

“Yeah.”

“Can I see it?”

“No you can’t see it. I just need to know where she is.”

“I don’t know,” she said in tears. “I didn’t know he was seeing anyone…didn’t know he was engaged.”

“Of course not. You wouldn’t know. You didn’t know anything about your own son. You should be ashamed,” Carter said then left her there sobbing.

* * *

Carter took a long breath then emerged from his vehicle and on into the house. He heard noise in the kitchen, so he went there first, saw Shayla slicing turkey and cheese sandwiches in halves. She dropped the knife on the table and ran up to him, jumping in his arms, locking her legs around him.

“Hey baby.” She kissed him erratically, all over his face, neck, everywhere and he loved it.

“You must be happy to see me,” he quipped.

“I’m always happy to see you, honey.” Shayla wiggled out of his grasp, stood in front of him and studied his face. “You okay?”

“Yeah.”

“You sure, because I think I know you well enough to know when something is wrong.”

“I’m fine, baby…just been thinking about what you told me this morning, and it hurts me that you went through so much.”

“See, Carter, that’s why I didn’t want to say anything. I didn’t want to hurt you.”

“No, don’t misunderstand. I’m glad you told me. It’s not in the back of my mind anymore…just wish I could’ve done something to help you.”

“Sweetheart, you’ve done enough to help me.” She stood on her tiptoes so that she was high enough to kiss him. Then, sauntering to the pantry, she grabbed a bag of plain Lay’s potato chips. On to the refrigerator, she grabbed a soda and they sat and ate lunch together.

Like he did many times before, Carter repressed the notion of telling her about Jacob. If he didn’t think about it, maybe he wouldn’t feel so blameworthy. And what she didn’t know wouldn’t hurt her, right?





Chapter 25





Carter lay face-to-face with Shayla, centered perfectly in bed. He’d been stroking her soft, curly hair for a few minutes, trying to find a good time to tell her about the social function tomorrow before she dozed off. There was so much going in their personal lives, it had completely slipped his mind.

“Shayla, are you sleep?” he whispered.

“No,” she said but didn’t open her eyes.

“I know this is short notice, but I’m going to have a mixer here tomorrow night. That way, you’ll get to meet my colleagues and—”

“Tomorrow night?” She said, her eyes opened wide.

“Yeah.”

“You want me to meet your coworkers?”

“Of course I do.”

“Tomorrow night?” she repeated, sitting up, staring down at him as he remained lying on his pillow.

“Yeah, and again, I know this is short notice but it’ll be good for you…for us.”

“Um,” Shayla said, feeling anxious. “You sure about that?”

“Huh?” Carter asked, sitting up now.

“You know…for your coworkers to meet me. Are you sure that’s a good idea?”

“Why wouldn’t it be? I want you to know everyone.”

“I know, but I’m not sure if I’m up to it. I mean, what am I gonna tell people when they ask how we met? I can’t very well say I was homeless.”

“Why not?” Carter asked.

“For obvious reasons,” she said hysterically. “And I don’t want those people turning up their nose at me like I’m garbage.”

“Those people…what are you trying to say?”

“I’m just saying…I don’t think they would have a good perception of me and thus, it will reflect bad on you and—”

“Stop,” Carter said, realizing that Shayla was probably saying this to protect his image but he was still peeved about it. “We’ll tell them we met at the hospital, or that I met you at a restaurant if that suit your standards…”

“I didn’t mean for you to get upset.”

“Why wouldn’t I get upset? You act like I’m supposed to be ashamed of you, Shayla.”

Shayla laid down with her back to him and said nothing more.

“That’s what you think?” Carter said, staring at the back of her head. “And why’d you turn your back to me? Look at me, Shay.”

Shayla turned to face him again, seeing the frustration in his face, the glaze over his eyes, the wrinkles in his forehead. “Carter, I’m just expressing my feelings to you.”

“I understand that, but I want to know if that’s really how you feel?”

“Sometimes. I mean, let’s face it. We both know I’m not…I’m not like them.” She sighed. “I just don’t want people to know how we met is all.”

“I don’t care if people know how we met.” Carter shot her a blinding stare. “I’m not ashamed of you, Shayla.”

“Maybe you should be.” She turned away from him and sat on the edge of the bed.

Carter felt a sting in his chest. “If that’s how you really feel, then why’d you marry me?”

“Because I love you.”

“If you love me, you would know in your heart that there’s no one better for me, than you. I don’t care what people think about us.” Carter got out of the bed and paced the floor. Back and forth he walked before he stopped in front of her. “So this means you’re not happy…”

“I am ha—”

“How can you be happy when you feel this way? You think I deserve someone else.”

Shayla thought about what he said quietly.

“Did you feel this way about Jacob, too?” Carter asked.

Shayla’s mouth dropped open. “What on earth does my ex have to do with this?”

“More than you realize,” Carter hinted. He shook his head and walked out of the room to get some space. Why was love so freakin’ complicated? Two people who cared about each other as much as they did should have no problem being and staying in love without all the added drama. Besides, he had enough to worry about.





Chapter 26





The caterers showed up around two the following afternoon. Shayla let them in and immediately, they went to work. One guy set up a bar in the living room. A few women were in the kitchen making trays of hors d’oeuvres – crab cake bites, turkey club pinwheels, chipotle bean dip, cucumber sandwiches, stuffed mushrooms, Italian marinated shrimp and a few other food samples Shayla didn’t recognize – high end stuff that’s usually associated with top-notch, posh events and dressed up with descriptive food adjectives like smoky, blackened and crusted.

Retreating to the bedroom, she sat on the bed and buried her face in her hands, thinking about the fight with Carter last night. He’d left quickly this morning, didn’t even bother to give her the normal kiss on the cheek. And had he slept next to her last night or did he sleep on the couch?

Shayla took a deep breath and picked up the receiver with the intent to call him but changed her mind at the last minute. He probably didn’t want to hear from her anyway, especially since he hadn’t bothered calling. At any rate, he was due home in a few hours with a bunch of his workmates and she laid on the bed, her stomach in knots, deciding whether or not to be apart of this event.

***

Carter arrived at home around five-thirty. A bunch of his colleagues trailed him there, parking on the street in front of the house and in the driveway. He walked up to the front door, opened it, being immediately greeted by smells of fresh food and the sounds of light jazz music humming in the background. The mood was right for a nice grown-up, mature party and since he hadn’t had a mixer last year due to death in the family, this was a step towards normality for him, another reason why he wanted Shayla to be a part of it.

A server handed him a flute of champagne, and did the same for everyone else who followed him in. Carter downed the first glass like a seasoned drinker, using glass number one to get in the partying mood, to loosen up. After the night he had with Shayla, he needed to unwind.

Grabbing a new glass of champagne, he took a sip, scanning the room for Shayla. She wasn’t there. He peeped in the den then quickly sprinted to the kitchen. No Shayla.

He returned to the living room, told his guests to get comfortable, grab some champagne and eat all the hor d’ouevres they could stand. Then he jogged upstairs, looking for Shayla.

He tapped on the bathroom door. “Shay, you in there?” he asked, his ears pressed up against the door while he attempted to turn the handle at the same time. The door was locked. “Shayla.”

“I’ll be out in a minute,” she said faintly, staring at her face in the mirror while single, vertical lines of tears streamed underneath her eyes. She was dressed in a silver, spaghetti strap dress that fell just below the knees.

“Should I expect you at the mixer, or are you still not coming?”

Shayla bent over near the vanity, holding her stomach. How could she meet Carter’s coworkers? She’d instantly be judged by them. And just what would they think of her? Was she too skinny? Too short? Too pale? Too shy for a man as outgoing as Carter? Would they smile in her face while thinking Carter could do better?

“Did you hear me?” Carter leaned his body against the door, desiring to see her but settling for door talk.

She turned on the faucet, dashed cold water on her face, and as her hands slowly moved downward, she opened her eyes and stared at her wedding ring, a symbol of Carter’s love. A reminder of their union. Surely a man like Carter wouldn’t marry a woman if he really didn’t want to be with her. Right?

Carter sighed. “Look, I’m gonna head back down…keep them company…hope you decide to join me.” He walked away frustrated. What would his coworkers think of him now? What would he say when they inquired about Shayla’s whereabouts? Everyone was looking forward to meeting her at the party tonight and it was at his house for goodness sakes. Now what? He instantly began brainstorming ways to tell people why she wasn’t joining him. She was sick…working on a project…resting from a long day. He had to make up something.

Shayla snatched a piece of paper towel and blotted her face dry. She took a concealer stick and carefully hid the scratches and blemishes on her face. Then she applied some liquid foundation, dabbed some powder over it to set her look. She brushed mascara on her long eye lashes then rubbed a deep red lipstick across her lips. She finger combed her hair so that it hung properly down her back.

She left the bathroom, walked back to the bedroom and slid into some silver stilettos and headed downstairs, her stomach forming millions of knots with each step down. Nearing the bottom, she saw an older red head woman staring up at her. Shayla smiled, but had no clue who she was.

“You must be Shayla,” the woman said. She waited until Shayla was a few steps closer and continued, “I’m Julie, Carter’s executive assistant. It is a pleasure to meet you…always good to put a face with a name…come here, hun.” She gave Shayla a gentle, brief squeeze. Then she took a step back, looked her up and down and said, “You are such a doll.”

“Thanks.”

“I’ve never seen Carter happier.”

Shayla smiled. “How long have you been his assistant?”

“Five years.”

“Wow. That’s a long time,” Shayla said nervously, while looking around, trying to guess how many people were in the living room. Must’ve been forty. Maybe fifty. Then she caught Carter’s gaze on the opposite side of the room for a few hot seconds, only breaking the force field between them when she heard Julie say, “He’s such a wonderful person. Do you know that out of all my years of being an assistant, Carter is the only executive that’s given me consecutive yearly raises. And I’ve been an executive assistant all my life, darling.”

“That’s great,” Shayla said, but barely heard a word Julie said. Her attention was on Carter. She’d glanced up at him multiple times and each time she looked his way, he just stared, didn’t blink once and it made butterflies go haywire in her stomach. Shayla turned back to Julie and asked, “So is this everyone from the office?”

“Well, a few people couldn’t make it. But for the most part, this is the gang.”

“Wow. There are a lot of people here. This is one department?” Shayla inquired.

“No. There are actually eight departments that make up the global division.”

“Oh,” Shayla said. “So which one of the eight departments does Carter oversee?”

Julie chuckled a little. “He oversees all of them, dear. He’s the president.”

“Oh. Right,” Shayla said, smiling uncomfortably.

“So have you met anyone else?” Julie aked.

“No, well, I…I met you, thank God. I’m really nervous, Julie.”

“No need to be. You’re among friends. How ‘bout I introduce you to some folks?”

“Will you?”

“Of course I will,” Julie said, instantly looking for someone to grab while Shayla followed her.

Carter never took his eyes off of her.

“Maria,” Julie said, “This is Shayla, Carter’s wife. Shayla, this is Maria.”

Maria’s eyes grew bigger than the smile on her face. She was a Hispanic chick, rocking a shade of gold lipstick. “Oh my goodness…you’re as pretty as an eighty-hour paycheck.” She leaned forward to give her a hug.

Shayla accepted.

“It’s so nice to meet you, Shayla.”

“Nice to meet you, too.”

“And you are wearing that dress, girlfriend,” Maria complemented, then quickly turned her attention to a waiter walking by with a tray of champagne. “Ooh, ooh, more champagne. Chat later.”

Julie grinned. “So, that was Maria...the wild child of the bunch…last time Carter had one of these shindigs, she drank so much, I had to give her a ride home. Let’s hope tonight is not a repeat performance.”

Shayla smiled, watching Julie grab the hand of a tall, dark-skinned man, about the same height as Carter. “Patrick, I want to introduce you to somebody. This lovely lady is Shayla Williams.”

“This wouldn’t happen to be the Shayla who took my man out of the circuit, would it?” Patrick asked while reaching to shake Shayla’s hand, but ended up holding it instead while he talked. “I knew Carter was up to something when he started leaving the office on time…but if I was coming home to a sweet thang like you, I’d leave the office on time too.”

Shayla smiled, then scanned the room for Carter. She didn’t see him anywhere and wondered where he ran off to until she felt his arms wrap around her from behind, and heard him say to Patrick, “Ah’ight, you can let go of her hand now. I don’t like other men touching my lady.”

Palms up, Patrick said, “My bad boss.” Then he looked at Shayla and said, “Just keep my man happy, ah’ight.”

“I’ll do my best.” Shayla said.

Carter sank his lips in Shayla’s cheek. “Hope you’re having a good time.”

She turned around to face him, seeing the happiness in his face and that’s when she knew she made the right decision to come down and support him with this function. “Yes, I am.”

Carter hugged her again and walked off to join the men again, talking about football.

Shayla returned her attention to Julie and after Julie had introduced her to at least fifteen more people, they both heard someone tapping a spoon against a champagne glass.

Shayla turned around and it was Carter, getting everyone’s attention like he was about to make an announcement. Shayla stood near the back of the crowd while Julie made her way to the front.

“I want to thank all of you for a great year,” he said. “It’s been tough for the banking industry as a whole with the recession and foreclosures, but we hung in there and fortunately, there weren’t any layoffs.”

Everyone clapped and cheered.

Carter continued, “Many of you know that last year was a rough year for me. Not only did I lose my brother, but I lost my Mother and…and it was hard. It was very hard,” Carter said, his lips trembling. “I want to reiterate how grateful I am to have people like you to understand and offer me so many comforting words. Thank you.” He took a breath and asked, “Did everyone get a chance to meet my wife?” Carter looked to see where Shayla was in the crowd. He saw her standing near the back, close to the kitchen. “Shayla, can you join me?”

Shayla frowned a little, but quickly put on an award winning smile. Just to appease Carter, she made her way to the front.

“Everybody, this is my beautiful wife,” Carter said with pride and a look of approval on his face as Shayla stood next to him. “If you haven’t met her yet, please take the time to say hello.” He took a deep breath and held Shayla’s hand. “The last thing I want to say is that we all work hard, every one of us. And until recently, until I found love, I thought my job was everything to me. That is, until this woman came into my life and flipped it upside down and now, I realize that my job is just that – a job – and you, Shayla…you’re my future. My happiness. My everything.”

Carter took a long inhale and a peaceful exhale to regain his composure. “I love you. The success, the money…none of this means a thing to me without you.”

“Aww,” his crowd of colleagues said in unison.

Shayla hugged him tight. He took a kiss from her lips, feeling them tremble.

“Lastly, I want to say that I don’t want to see anyone working sixty, seventy, eighty plus hours a week. Go home to your spouses…your family. Those are the people that matter. I know you’ve seen me leaving on time for quite a while and now you know why.” Carter looked at Shayla, watching her blush. “Anyway, that’s enough talking from me. Thank y’all for coming,” Carter told his colleagues, watching Shayla walk away from him.

The crowd dispersed and Carter rushed upstairs to find Shayla. She was sitting on the bed, her shoes on the floor next to her feet. She looked up when he walked in the room. She watched him step closer, felt her heart flutter when he touched her face.

“I’m sorry about last night. I made a big deal out of nothing,” she said looking up at him.

“I need you to know that there is no one else for me. I love you. Period. No one else, Shayla.”

Shayla smiled while tears fell from her eyes.

“I’m going to go back downstairs and see everybody off, but I’m coming back for you.”

“Okay,” Shayla replied.

* * *

Carter lowered his body next to her on the bed and pulled her in his arms, the same thing he did every time after they’d made love.

“Shayla,” Carter said, sweeping her hair away from her face.

Was he really trying to engage her in conversation when she couldn’t catch her breath? “Yeah?” she said, barely.

“Did I tell you how beautiful you looked tonight?”

Shayla smiled against his chest. “No.”

“Well you’re always beautiful, but tonight, you were stunning in that dress. I loved that shade of lipstick on you too.”

“Good, because you’re wearing most of it now.” Shayla laughed. Panted.

Carter chucked. “Is that right?”

Shayla kissed his chest. “Yes, that’s right.”

“So how did it feel to meet everyone?”

Shayla unlocked their hands so she could rub her fingertips across the sprigs of hair on his chest. “It was nerve-racking…didn’t think I would fit in, but they made me comfortable. Julie is really nice by the way.”

“Yeah. She’s been with me for a while. It’s hard to find a good assistant and her work ethic is impeccable, so I had to hang on to her.” Carter yawned. “Anyway, I’m glad you enjoyed yourself, sweetheart.”

“I’m glad you put up with me though my insecurities. I know I drive you insane at times.”

Carter grinned. “Yeah, you do.”

Shayla chuckled softly.

“And the crazy thing is, you have nothing to worry about because there is no other woman for me, Shayla. Do you want me to say it again, because I’ll say it however many times it’ll take to sink in through that beautiful head of yours.”

Shayla smiled. “I get it, Carter,” Shayla said, convinced that she deserved to be happy and there was no reason to feel unworthy. Not anymore.





Chapter 27


October 2012





Carter had a lawn service company come by in the morning to cut the grass, trim the hedges, rake leaves and beautify the yard. He tried to talk Shayla into hiring a cleaning service to take care of the house, but Shayla insisted – said she didn’t mind doing housework and that it made her feel like a wife. So with her hair pulled back into a ponytail, a pink scarf tied around her head, she was busy doing housework duties Saturday afternoon, including dusting, mopping floors and vacuuming.

By evening, she’d made her way to the laundry room, taking the whites from the hamper and throwing them in the washer first. She had the house to herself since Carter had left to hang with Terrance, and while she was busy working, she had Charlotte’s hip hop station, Power 98, cranked up, as if the loud music helped her to get work done faster. If she hadn’t had her cell phone in the laundry room with her, on the shelf next to a box of dryer sheets, she would not have heard the ringing. She wiped sweat from her forehead, then picked up her phone smiling, because she knew it was Carter, calling to check on her. But she was surprised when she looked at the home screen and saw a different caller.

“Donovan?”

He grinned, sitting in his car in the driveway of his home. “Was that a question?”

Shayla laughed. “I’m sorry. It’s just a surprise to hear from you.”

Donovan could picture her as if she was right there in front of him. He remembered the distinct features of her face – those big eyes, her cute-as-a-button nose and petite, pouty lips. “Why is it a surprise to hear from me?” he asked her.

“Because I honestly didn’t think I’d ever hear from you again.” Shayla walked to the kitchen and leaned against the counter while holding the phone next to her left ear.

“How are you?” he inquired.

“I’m doing great,” Shayla said cheerfully.

“That’s good. You sound like you’re in good spirits.”

“I am. What about you? How are things going at Zenadel?”

“Do you really think that’s why I called you? To talk about the company?”

Shayla grinned awkwardly. “I honestly don’t know why you called me, Donovan.”

He didn’t have it in him to say that he missed her, that he had replayed the time they spent together over and over again. “I just wanted to play catch up. We talked about a lot of things when you where here and I wanted to see how you were doing. So tell me…what’s going on in Shayla’s world?”

“Um, well, a lot has changed in my life since I moved back to Charlotte.”

“Oh yeah?”

“Yep. I’m married now.”

“Married?” Donovan said. Was that disappointment in his voice?

“Yes, for going on six weeks now.”

“Who’s the lucky guy?” Donovan asked evenly, trying to hide the fact that this was upsetting news, especially if she was married to Carter. Anybody but Carter.

“His name is Carter.”

Donovan grimaced. Why did good girls find bad boys so appealing? In his opinion, Carter wasn’t right for her, or any other woman. How could she not see that? Or was she like all the other woman – blinded by Carter’s good looks and money. Then again, Donovan had good looks and money. Why wasn’t she interested in him? He certainly treated her like a woman. He’d taken her shopping, to dinner, he consoled her when she was bent out of shape, crying over Carter, and now she was married to the man that had caused her so much heartache.

“Are you still there?” Shayla asked when he went quiet on her.

“Yes, I’m here.” Donovan cleared his throat. “Are you happy?”

A smile grew on Shayla’s face. “I’m very happy.”

The good thing about talking to someone on the phone is that they cannot see your facial expressions. Had Shayla been there with him, she’d see the wrinkles disturbing his forehead right now, along with the look of disdain on his face. But why was he worried. Maybe it was a good thing she was back with Carter. That way, when Carter broke her heart, and he would break her heart, Donovan would be right there, waiting for Shayla to run into his arms – into the arms of a man who would treat her like a queen. So sucking in all the jealousy he felt for Carter, he said, “Well, that is good news. Congratulations.”

“Thanks, Donovan.” Shayla walked to the refrigerator and took out a bottle of water. “So how’s your lil’ man?”

“He’s being a five year old…he started kindergarten this year.”

“Aw, that’s nice. Did you take pictures on his first day?”

“I did. I’ll text you one.”

“Cool. I know I would be that parent to take a ton of pictures of my child starting kindergarten. I would probably be crying and everything.”

Donovan went silent again, taking in her voice and reminiscing on the time they had spent together. Then after a few more silent moments had passed, he said, “I need to talk to you about something.”

“Okay. What’s up?”

“No, not over the phone. I should be in Charlotte some point in the next few weeks. I haven’t nailed down a date yet, but maybe we can meet up somewhere.”

Shayla’s eyes lit up. “That would be nice. That way, I can introduce you to Carter and—”

“Um, that’s the thing…I would prefer to talk to you alone.”

Shayla’s smile suddenly disappeared. “And you can’t tell me what it’s about?”

“No. I’ll tell you when I see you…oh and it probably won’t be a good idea to tell your husband you talked to me, but listen, I gotta run. I’ll talk to you later.”

“Okay,” Shayla said, confused. “Bye.” Almost immediately after she hung up the phone, she got a text from Donovan with a picture of his little boy with the caption, Donnie’s first day. She smiled, but still wondered what it was that Donovan had to talk to her about. And why did it have to be in person? Why couldn’t she tell Carter?





Chapter 28





Saturday night, Carter and Terrance were at Hooters, sitting at the bar, sipping on drinks. Terrance had been complaining that they haven’t kicked it in a minute, so instead of going home and spending the night with Shayla as he’d planned, Carter called her to let her know he was meeting Terrance for drinks tonight. And while he sat there with him, he tossed the idea of telling him about his dilemma. But first, he had to tell him about his marriage.

“I forgot how busy it gets in here on a Friday afternoon,” Carter said looking around.

“Yeah. That’s because you don’t hang out no more…thought I would have to send a search party to find you for a minute there.”

Carter grinned. How do you tell your best friend he was annoying and that was the reason you’d been avoiding him? “I’ve been busy with work and all. You know how that goes. Gotta pay the cost to be the boss, right?”

Terrance stared at him, noticing an unfamiliar secrecy, a change in character. Carter had a certain smile, a foundation of happiness spread about his face. His friend had changed.

As Carter thought about how he would break the news of his marriage to Terrance, his mind flashed back to images of Shayla, lying face-up in the center of the bed this morning. Her curly coils were splashed all over his pillow while her arms were outstretched. She was beautiful. Peaceful. Her skin was radiant, her sleep mild and serene. He’d sat down next to her, touched her hand to see if she would awaken as she did the morning prior, but she didn’t budge. So he leaned in close, kissed her cheek then jogged downstairs to prepare breakfast. He smiled, just now without even realizing it.

“Carter, come on, man…busy with work? When did that ever stop you from hanging out wit’ ya boy? I know you better than that…know you ain’t that busy.” Terrance said. “And I think it all have something to do with little Miss Shayla.”

Carter beamed and shook his head. As always, Terrance had brought up Shayla’s name yet again, only this time, Carter couldn’t hide or deny his feelings for her. Love always had a way of showing its power.

“I knew it. I knew it!” Terrance declared, slapping the counter with a grin on his face. “You let a broad come between us, dawg?”

“You can’t use titles like broad to describe my lady.”

“Your lady?” Terrance repeated and snapped his head back. “Did you just call Shayla your lady?”

“Yeah, I did.”

“Don’t tell me, the man who told me he would never give his heart to a woman has broken his own rule.”

“Well, I guess it took me a little time to find the right woman.”

“Seriously, Carter?” Terrance said with raised eyebrows and a smirk. “I’m trippin’ right now. I never thought I’d see the day you would fall for someone. Shayla must’ve done a number on you.”

“Don’t act so surprised, Tee. I told you how I felt about her.” Carter twirled his wedding band, still waiting to spring the marriage on Terrance.

“Nah. See, what’s happening is, you’re getting a lil’ older, feel that biological clock ticking…thinking about settling down and stuff. But that’s just a phase, man.”

“It’s not a phase. I love her and we’re…we’re married. Shayla’s my wife.”

“Your what!” Terrance yelled so loud, it seemed as if for a moment, the music had stopped and the restaurant was completely quiet. “Bartender, bartender.” Terrance slapped the counter with his flat palm. “Need two beers down here stat!” He looked at Carter again. “Are you serious? You’re not serious. You can’t be serious.”

Carter slid his wedding band from his finger and placed it on the bar top. “Is that proof enough for you?”

Terrance’s mouth fell open. “I do not believe this. How? When?”

Carter grinned but didn’t respond. He allowed time for his friend to wrap his mind around this big news.

“The world must be coming to an end. What happened to the Carter that was never going to settle down?” Terrance picked up the ring and held it in front of Carter’s face. “What’s this dawg?”

Carter laughed, took the ring and slid it back on his finger.

“You must be playing a prank on me or something, bruh. This ain’t you.”

“It’s no prank, man,” Carter said straight-faced. “Shayla’s my wife. We got married six weeks ago in Hawaii. This is real.”

“If it’s so real, why wasn’t I invited to your wedding?”

“Because I knew you would act like this…and I knew you would try and talk me out of it so I didn’t bother. But I can honestly say now that I do not care what you think. I’m in love with her and nothing you or anyone else says will ever change my mind.”

Terrance propped his arms up on the bar and said, “Man. This is too much for me.” He rubbed his hands across the shadow of hair on his head. “You’re married…I never thought I’d see the day.”

“I didn’t either,” Carter said, fiddling his band again.

“Well, she did seem like a nice girl when I met her, so I guess I should be congratulating you right now. Congrats, man,” Terrance said, patting Carter on the back.

“Thanks.” Carter took a sip of his drink, thinking about his dilemma with Shayla. He decided to bite the bullet and go ahead with telling Terrance about his ordeal. He had to tell somebody and it wouldn’t hurt to get a man’s point of view on this. So sucking in a distressful breath, he said, “There is something I need your opinion on, Tee.”

“All right.” Terrance rubbed his hands together, getting prepared because Carter usually never asked him for any advice.

“And I’m going to preface this by saying, I don’t need you to judge me and I don’t need the joking and kidding around because this is serious. This is my life and I just need a friend.”

“I got you, man.”

Carter took a piece of folded paper from his right front pocket and handed it to Terrance.

“What’s this?” Terrance asked, unfolding the paper.

“Just read it.”

Terrance held the single piece of paper with both hands and began reading silently:

If you’re reading this, I’m probably already dead. So you win again big brother. Mama always said you would have it all. She said I wouldn’t compare to you. She was right, wasn’t she? You remember when we were younger? She always cheered you on when you played basketball, but never made any of my baseball games. The crazy thing is, I hated baseball. I just wanted to do something so she could be proud of me, the same way she was proud of you. But you were the one with the scholarship. You were smarter, more talented and I couldn’t hold a candle to you. So in the end, you win. Tell mom she can be proud of me now. She can be glad that I’m no longer breathing the same air as her, or you for that matter. I know you don’t owe me anything and I don’t owe you anything, but all I ask is that you take care of my sweet Shayla. She loved me, but she deserves a lot more than what I was able to give her. I can’t even keep a roof over her head, can’t even be a real man for her. So I’m asking you to take care of her. She was the only thing in my life that has ever meant anything to me, my beautiful doll. I owe it to her. I know you’re under no obligation to do this, but this is my last and final wish. I’ve never asked you for anything, even in my most dire straights, but this I ask of you because I want Shayla to be happy. I want her to have the kind of life that you can give her. Please tell her I’m sorry I left this way. Tell her it’s for the best and that in some way, I’m doing this for her. Take care of her for me. She’s innocent in all of this and I want to make sure that she’s taken care of. I love her, Carter. Make sure she knows that. Make her happy. In the end, I’m sorry it had to be this way.





~ Jacob

- - -

Terrance glanced up at Carter, speechless.

“In case you haven’t figured it out, that’s Jacob’s suicide note…came to me in the mail the day after he killed himself. I can’t believe it’s been over a year already.”

“Dawg, don’t tell me this means what I think it means,” Terrance said shaking his head, having reached an epiphany now. “Your Shayla was his Shayla?”

Carter nodded.

Terrance’s mouth fell open. “Are you sure?”

“Yeah. Shayla told me all about her relationship with Jacob and—”

“Oh. Shrew,” Terrance said, wiping sweat from his forehead. “For a minute there, I thought you were going to tell me she doesn’t know you’re Jacob’s brother.”

“That’s exactly what I’m going to tell you. She’s doesn’t know, Terrance. She has no idea I’m Jacob’s brother.”

“Wow,” Terrance said, flabbergasted. “Man, you…wow. Wow!”

“I know.” Carter frowned. He tossed back his drink and crossed his arms, waiting for Terrance to calm down a bit.

“You mean to tell me that you never slipped up and said anything about Jacob to her?”

“No. She didn’t know I had a brother until after we married. I passively told her I had a brother who died, and that was that…didn’t mention his name or nothing.”

“Ah, man.”

“Like I said, she used to talk to me about Jacob all the time. Said how he was the love of her life and how she felt he was her soul mate and all that. Of course all of this was said before she fell in love with me, but even though we’re together and married now, I still feel like she wished things would’ve worked out with Jacob. Like if Jacob was somehow resurrected, she’d leave me in a heartbeat because that’s how much she loved my brother. Anyway, enough about all that. What I want to know from you is, should I tell her that Jacob is my brother?”

“Are you crazy?” Terrance spewed, looking at Carter like he’d lost his mind. “You can’t tell her now.”

“But I want to be honest—”

“Why? Y’all married. What difference would it make? I don’t even know why you’re considering it.”

“I’m considering it because it’s been eating me up that she doesn’t know.”

“Carter, you know how women do…you tell her this and your marriage is over.”

“How you figure?”

“Because then, she’ll think everything you ever did or said was a lie. You lie about one thing and all of a sudden, you’re a pathological liar.”

“But it wasn’t a lie. I just didn’t tell her.”

With raised eyebrows, Terrance said, “Ah’ight…go on and tell her. I already see how it’s gonna go down. You confess, get slapped and she’s out the door with a suitcase and ‘bout a week’s worth of clothes.”

Carter blew an upsetting breath and crossed his arms. “I have to tell her. I love her, man. I don’t want to lose her and if I confess, maybe she’d be more forgiving than she would if she finds out on her own.”

“Okay. I understand your perspective but I don’t see this ending well. Trust me on this, Carter.”

Carter propped his elbows up on the bar top, interlocked his fingers and rested his chin on his closed hands. “So I shouldn’t tell her?”

“No, Sir,” Terrance said shaking his hand. “You said you wanted my advice and this is the best advice. Trust me on this one, man.”

“Ah’ight.”

The men ordered chicken wings and Carter told Terrance more about Shayla and about the marriage. And towards the end of their meal, just as the two paid and was preparing to leave the restaurant, Terrance said, “So besides your dilemma, how is being married?”

“It’s wonderful. I love her. Feels like I’m obsessed with her at times. She does it for me, you know. She makes me feel emotions that I’ve never felt in my life.”

“Like what?”

“I can’t explain it, and even if I could, you wouldn’t get it because you’ve never loved a woman.”

“Well, if you can do it, anybody can.” Terrance chuckled. “Shayla must have some mad skills to lock you down, if you know what I mean.”

Carter frowned at the thought of Terrance thinking about his wife this way. Then turning that frown into a smile, he replied, “The only thing you need to know about my wife is that she’s mine.”

“Duly noted,” Terrance said. “What I really want to know is, what made you change for her?”

Carter smiled, and even with a heavy, troubled heart, he said, “She taught me how to love.”





Chapter 29





Carter didn’t get home until a few minutes after eleven. He jogged upstairs, heard the hissing from the shower in as he walked down the hallway and to the bedroom. He loosened his necktie and tossed it on the bed, unfastened his cuff links and placed them on the nightstand, stepped out of his shoes, pulled off his socks and unbuttoned his shirt. He walked over to the bathroom door and watched the silhouette of her. Water splashed on the glass, raining down against it while steam floated near the ceiling. Fruit-scented body wash permeated the room and while Shayla showered, she hummed a song, Unthinkable by Alicia Keys.

Carter thought of joining her, but how could he tell her something so serious while they were showering? Instead, he kicked his pants aside and stood there, in his boxers, arms crossed, staring at the visions of her through the shower door.

You confess, get slapped and she’s out the door with a suitcase and ‘bout a week’s worth of clothes. The statement Terrance had told him earlier haunted him. And in so many ways, Terrance was right. If he told her, she could be so angry that she never spoke to him again. Or it could somewhat work out in his favor. She could forgive him, but secretly resent him for betraying her and Jacob. In both scenarios, he came out on the losing end.

Carter shook his head, distressed about this now. His eagerness to tell her had dissipated when he heard Shayla turn off the water. He watched as she slid the shower door open.

“Hey!” she said, surprised to see him standing there.

Carter didn’t say a word.

Shayla squeezed water from her hair, grabbed her towel from the rack and wrapped it around her body. She walked over and embraced him. “You could’ve gotten in with me.”

Carter still didn’t speak. His mind was on the thoughts of losing her, losing this love he never thought he’d find.

Shayla smiled. “You’re not talking to me tonight? What’s the matter? Cat got your—”

“Shh,” Carter hissed. “I just want to look at you.”

Shayla’s smile slowly began to fall as she stared at Carter. Were those tears in his eyes? Shayla wondered as she stared at him, but the moonlight in the room wasn’t enough for her to make that determination. “Are you crying?” Shayla asked, concerned.

Instead of answering her, he walked into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.

“Carter?”

Her calls to him went unanswered. She tried to turn the knob, but he’d locked the door.

Carter leaned against the vanity, so sick he could throw up right now. He was a smart man and he knew what was about to happen. That’s why he didn’t want to tell her. But how could their marriage work if he kept this? How could he function with holding on to a secret this detrimental to his relationship with his wife? He couldn’t. Not anymore.

He splashed cold water on his face and stared at his bloodshot eyes in the mirror. He could’ve sworn he saw his brother’s face instead of his own. Guilt was eating him alive.

“Carter, please open the door.”

“I’ll be out in a minute, Shayla,” he said sadly with a broken, distorted voice.

Shayla, filled with worry, remained at the door, waiting for him to come out. Something was wrong with her husband.

He stepped out of the bathroom, his eyes still red. Shayla had never seen him look this bad. He was a mess, and she wondered what it was that bothered him to the point of tears. She walked up to him to throw her arms around him.

“Don’t,” he told her.

She looked confused. “I can’t hug you?”

“No. Not right now, and you’ll probably never want to again.”

She frowned. “Carter, what’s going on? I don’t understand. I mean, we did just make love. Did I do something wrong?”

“No. I did,” he said and swallowed hard. “Can you sit down? Please?”

Shayla’s lips trembled as she sat on the bed and waited for Carter to tell her what was going on. There were a million possibilities running through her head, the main thing being another woman. Had he been cheating on her and now wanted to confess? Is that why his eyes were bloodshot red, his face flushed, his lips trembling?

“I know this is probably the worst time I could bring this up but I’ve tried constantly and could never bring myself to tell you this because I don’t want to lose you, Shayla.”

Shayla frowned when she realized his seriousness. “What is it, Carter?”

Carter blew a breath and closed his eyes. Opening them, he said, “I haven’t been one hundred percent truthful with you. I um…” He took a moment to get his thoughts in order, thinking of the way in which he could properly relay this information to her with the least amount of consequences.

“Is there someone else?”

“No. There’s not anyone else.”

Relieved, she asked, “Well, what is it?”

He sat beside her. God, help me, he thought to himself. Looking at her, he said, “Your ex-fiancé, Jacob…”

“Yeah? What about him?”

“I knew him. I knew him very well.”

“What do you mean?” She watched Carter hang his head low, staring at the floor. “Carter?”

Carter looked at her with a tear traveling from his right eye and down his face.

“Carter, just talk to me,” Shayla said teary eyed. “You’re scaring me.”

With his lips quavering, Carter said, “I knew him because…he’s…he’s…”

“He’s what?”

“He’s my brother, Shayla,” he confessed, looking at her.

Shayla let out an uncomfortable chuckle. “No, he’s not.”

“I’ve been trying to figure out a way to tell you—”

“No,” she said, shaking her head, thoroughly confused. “No, Carter, what are you—”

“Shayla, please listen to me.”

“I’m listening…I just don’t understand.”

“Jacob is my brother,” he repeated, firmly.

“My Jacob?” she questioned.

“Yes.” Something about her calling him my Jacob made Carter feel worse than he already did. But now wasn’t the time to worry about his own feelings.

She shook her head. “That’s impossible. There’s no way—”

“Jacob Dempsey is my brother, Shayla,” Carter said, taking out his wallet and sliding Jacob’s letter from it. “I got this letter from him in the mail the day after he killed himself.”

Reluctantly, Shayla took the folded piece of paper from his grasp. Her heart rate increased rapidly upon seeing Jacob’s handwriting. She swallowed hard, looked up at Carter like he was a stranger while tears ran down her face. She began reading it silently to herself:

If you’re reading this, I’m probably already dead. So you win again big brother. Mama always said you would have it all. She said I wouldn’t compare to you...You were smarter, more talented and I couldn’t hold a candle to you. So in the end, you win...all I ask is that you take care of my sweet Shayla. She loved me, but she deserves a lot more than what I was able to give her. I can’t even keep a roof over her head, can’t even be a real man for her.

Shayla’s hand shook violently, had the piece of paper shaking like a lone leaf on an almost barren tree in late Fall. She used her other hand to help hold the paper still and continued reading.

So I’m asking you to take care of her. She was the only thing in my life that has ever meant anything to me, my beautiful doll. I owe it to her. I know you’re under no obligation to do this, but this is my last and final wish. I’ve never asked you for anything, even in my most dire straights, but this I ask of you because I want Shayla to be happy. I want her to have the kind of life that you can give her. Please tell her that I’m sorry I left this way. Tell her it’s for the best and that in some way, I’m doing this for her. Take care of her for me. She’s innocent in all of this and I want to make sure that she’s taken care of. I love her Carter. Make sure she knows that. Make her happy. In the end, I’m sorry it had to be this way.





~ Jacob

- - -

Shayla sat motionless for a moment, in a state of shock or temporary paralysis. This was real.

Carter took her hand, placed Jacob’s obituary in it and said, “This is his obituary. I’m sure you’ve seen it but…”

Shayla sprung forth more tears upon seeing Jacob’s picture again.

“Say something.” Carter watched the letter and obituary fall from her grasp and onto the floor. “Shayla…”

Shayla heard him say her name, but she was numb. Was this really happening? Maybe it was a bad dream perhaps. But when she heard Carter say, “Shayla, I’m sorry,” while she stared down at Jacob’s suicide letter on the floor, she knew it was no dream. She slumped over, placed her right hand over her chest, feeling pain there.

“Shayla…”

Ignoring his calls to her, she stood, stumbled to the bathroom, feeling herself become sick. She locked the door behind her, then touched her stomach. She looked at herself in the mirror, envisioning Jacob standing behind her, his arms around her, telling her how much he loved her. She thought she had forgotten about him enough to move on with life – enough to finally start over. Little did she know she was starting over with his brother! How could Carter do this to her?

Carter walked up to the closed bathroom door and banged on it. “Shayla, open the door, baby.”

She didn’t respond, not that he expected her to, but still, he wanted to make sure she was okay. What would she do next? Would she leave him? Forgive him?

To his surprise, she came out the bathroom a few minutes later, and not saying a word to him, she walked to her dresser, took out some pants and a shirt, dressed quickly and after stepping into some sandals, she grabbed her keys and purse. “I can’t stay here tonight,” she told him.

“Shayla, wait.”

“No.”

“Shayla,” Carter said, reaching for her arm.

“I said no, Carter!” she said, louder than he’d ever heard her yell, snatching her arm away from him in the process. “How could you do this to me?” Tears were falling heavily from her eyes now as she tried to grasp how he could betray her like this. She fought to catch her breath, while pushing him away from her. All of a sudden, he was a stranger again, and she didn’t trust him one bit.

“I’m sorry, Shayla. Baby, please listen to me.” He tried to touch her again, but she pushed his hand away.

“Move out of my way so I can get outta here. I can’t even stand to look at you…you liar!”

Her words cut him like a knife. But he’d expected this reaction. He was the one in the wrong? “Shayla—”

“Boy did you have me fooled,” she cried. “Had me thinking I was somebody special when all the while, you were helping me because of Jacob.”

“That’s not true.”

“It is true! If I had no ties to your brother, I would be just like all the other women you encountered…tossed to the side like garbage.”

“That’s not true.”

“And I asked you why…why you chose me and you lied to my face…made me feel like I had no right to even ask you that. And the truth is, you never really loved me.”

“I do love you, Shayla, and I can explain everything if you just give me a chance.”

“No,” she said, shaking her head. “I’m not going to continue to let you make a fool out of me. Move!”

Carter conceded, realizing that she was too upset to talk tonight. Even if he barricaded her in the room and made her listen to him, it wouldn’t accomplish a thing. So proving to her how much he loved her, he said, “No. You stay here. I’ll go. Ah’ight? I’ll go and I won’t come back unless you want me to.”

“Just move!”

“No, Shayla! I’ll go, ah’ight. I’ll go!” He grabbed a few items of clothing, a couple of suits, some casual outfits and shoes.

Shayla sat on the bed, slumped over again, wailing. Inconsolable.

With his overnight bag and suits in hand, Carter walked out the front door with a heavy heart, nearly tripping over a package that he hadn’t seen through his watery eyes. He picked it up without much thought. His thoughts were on what he was going to do to save his marriage.

For a while, he sat in the driver seat of his Escalade, staring at the front door of their home, hoping Shayla would call him or run after him to try and work this out, maybe even give him an opportunity to explain things. But could he blame her for being disappointed? It was what he expected, but still, it hurt him to leave her. It hurt even more to watch her cry as she read Jacob’s suicide note, putting the pieces together that confirmed they were brothers. What had he done?

After thirty minutes flown by, Carter sighed deeply, put the car in reverse, then looked at the package he’d picked up from the door. There was no return address, but it was addressed to him, written with a black marker. He wasn’t expecting a package, so he slipped the car back in park, opened it and saw a notebook and a note written on a single sheet of loose leaf paper:

Mr. Williams, I’ve thought long and hard about this and I just want you to know first off that I could lose my license over this. But I feel it’s my duty to help you as I know how distressed you are about the situation surrounding your brother. When Jacob was alive, I asked him to write his feelings down on paper, something I usually ask of all my clients. Enclosed are the notes that he left me. There are only a few entries, but I’m hoping that this will help you cope with the loss of your brother and the decisions you face ahead with Shayla.





All the best,

Dr. Westbrook

- - -

Carter opened the notebook to page one and was immediately struck by the sight of Jacob’s handwriting. Then he began reading:

Most of my life, my Mother compared me to my big brother, if you can even call him that. To be considered siblings, we would have to have either the same Mother, or the same father. We have neither and, Carter, as smart as everyone claims he is, is too dense to realize that our “family” isn’t really a family at all…





###





To Be Continued…





Start reading Book 3, Accidental Lovers now.





Other books by Tina Martin: His Paradise Wife (The Champion Brothers)

When A Champion Wants You (The Champion Brothers)





Accidental Deception, The Accidental Series, Book 1

Accidental Heartbreak, The Accidental Series, Book 2

Accidental Lovers, The Accidental Series, Book 3

What Donovan Wants, The Accidental Series, Book 4





Dying To Love Her

Dying To Love Her 2

Dying To Love Her 3





The Millionaire’s Arranged Marriage (The Alexanders, Book 1)

Watch Me Take Your Girl (The Alexanders, Book 2)

Her Premarital Ex (The Alexanders, Book 3)

The Object of His Obsession (The Alexanders, Book 4)

Dilvan’s Redemption (The Alexanders, Book 5)





Secrets On Lake Drive Can’t Just Be His Friend All Falls Down

Just Like New to the Next Man Vacation Interrupted

The Crush





Visit www.tinamartin.net to browse books, read excerpts and watch book video trailers.





