All He Wants for Christmas


An Edge of Scandal Wedding

A Novella

Elle Wright





New York Boston





This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

Copyright © 2016 by Elle Wright

Excerpt from The Forbidden Man copyright © 2015 by Elle Wright

Cover design by Elizabeth Turner

Cover photograph by Claudio Marinesco

Cover copyright © 2016 by Hachette Book Group, Inc.

Hachette Book Group supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.

The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like permission to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact permissions@hbgusa.com. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.

Forever Yours

Hachette Book Group

1290 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10104

forever-romance.com

twitter.com/foreverromance

First Edition: December 2016

Forever Yours is an imprint of Grand Central Publishing. The Forever Yours name and logo are trademarks of Hachette Book Group, Inc.

The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.

The Hachette Speakers Bureau provides a wide range of authors for speaking events. To find out more, go to www.hachettespeakersbureau.com or call (866) 376-6591.

ISBN 978-1-478-94484-3

E3-20161021-DA-NF





Table of Contents


Cover

Title Page

Copyright

Dedication

Acknowledgments

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Epilogue

About the Author

A Preview of THE FORBIDDEN MAN

Don’t miss the rest of Elle Wright’s Edge of Scandal series!

Also by Elle Wright

Newsletters





To my parents:

I remember being so excited about Christmas as a child.

I want to thank you for always making it special for me.

It is because of my fond memories of the Christmas season that I am in love with the holiday today. Sydney is a Christmas nut because I am a Christmas nut. I love everything about this time of the year, from the lights to the music to the family gatherings.

This book is dedicated to you. Mom, you are missed.

Dad, I love you so much!





Acknowledgments




The idea for All He Wants for Christmas came out of nowhere. I’ve always loved Christmas, and I poured all that love of the holiday season into Sydney. Of course, she would have a Christmas wedding. I appreciate all the love and support from #TeamElleWright. I’m always in awe of the wonderful readers and awesome friends that have made this journey so amazing! I’m so thankful for everything!

First, I want to give honor and praise to God. He sent the greatest gift of all in His Son. He is the true reason for the season. And He has never left me.

To my hubby, Jason, thank you for loving me through it all. We are truly a match made in Heaven. We met when we were seventeen. Who knew we’d be rocking with each other all these years later? I’m overjoyed that we have made this life together. I look forward to many more years with you. Love you!

To my children, I hope you’ll always hide Christmas in your hearts. It truly is the best time of the year. Love you all so much!

To my father, Leon, thanks for being the best “Santa” ever! Thanks for eating those nasty cookies I set out for Santa Claus and not complaining. I’m a lot better at baking now. Love you!

To my brother, Lee, I’m so proud of you. You are one of the best people I know. Thanks for loving and supporting me always. Love you!

I never had a sister growing up. It was just me and my brother. Good thing you don’t have to be blood to be family. I’m so grateful that God has blessed me with so many “Seesters”! Some are sisters through marriage, some are sisters through enduring friendships. They all mean the world to me. You know who you are. Love you BIG!!!

To one of my favs, my cousin Shawn (“All the Time”), thank you for being you. And thanks for frying the BEST chicken and inspiring my character Allina’s talent for the delectable meal.

To all the many “Brudders” God has blessed me with. Because of you, I feel like I have many “heroes” to write. Love y’all!

I also want to thank my writerly boo, Christine Hughes; and my lit sis, Sheryl Lister! You two have been so instrumental in my writing journey. I love you both!

To my friend Tanishia, thanks for riding with me! Love you, friend! Always praying for and with you.

To my friends, my beta readers, my family…I won’t name you all, but I hope you know I love you. Thanks for your unwavering support. My life is better with you in it.

To my agent, Sara Camilli, thank you for believing in me.

To the Grand Central Publishing/Forever family, thank you for everything you’ve done to make the Edge of Scandal series what it is. I appreciate you all!

A special thanks for Latoya Smith (LCS Lit). I can’t thank you enough for everything! You rock!!

Thanks to King Brooks from Black Page Turners, LaShaunda Hoffman (SORMAG), Black Stone Book Store and Cultural Center, Orsayor Simmons (Book Referees), Tiffany Tyler (Reading in Black and White), Priscilla Johnson, Ella D. Curry (Black Pearls Magazine), Yolanda Gore (The Literary Guru), Wayne Jordan (RIC), Romance Slam Jam, Naleighna Kai (Cavalcade of Authors Chicago), Delaney Diamond (RNIC), KeKe Chanel, Rebekah Weatherspoon (WOCInRomance). You all have played an integral role in my career! Thank you so much!

I also want to send a special shout out to a few book clubs who’ve always had my back. Thanks to Sharon Blount and Building Relationships Around Books (BRAB), EyeCU Reading and Social Network, and STCC Book Club for supporting Elle Wright!

And thanks to the readers. Without you, this novella would not have happened. Because of you, I wanted to give my characters a happy ending, with a little drama mixed in of course.

Thank you! I hope you enjoy!

Elle





Chapter One



Sydney Williams jumped when she felt the buzz of her cell phone, followed by the “Christmastime is Here” ringtone. She had just put her daughter, Brynn, down after hours of loud wailing and hoped the loud ringing didn’t wake her. Teething. Who knew little bitty teeth would bring her to her knees. Between the whining and the drool everywhere, she wondered if teething was a special type of torture for parents.

Patting her bed in search of the phone, she finally located it beneath the plush bear she’d used to put on a little show for her irritated darling.

“Hello,” she answered with a yawn.

“Don’t tell me you fell asleep on me.” Morgan’s soft, husky voice immediately soothed her frayed nerves. “I thought we were supposed to have a little date.”

Sydney couldn’t help the smile that pulled at the corners of her mouth. It amazed her that the sound of his voice still made her feel safe, secure, and treasured, warming her from the top of her head to the tips of her painted toes. Morgan Smith would be her husband in less than two weeks and she could hardly wait to marry him and make their forever official.

“I’m sorry, babe.” She really had tried to stay up for their call, but their daughter had zapped any energy she’d had. After their earlier conversation, she’d been giddy with excitement for this phone call.

Sydney eyed the gift on her bedside table, given by her best friend, Cali. She smiled at the memory. When she’d opened the box and saw the contraption, she’d practically dropped it on the floor. Cali explained that it would help with the lonely nights away from Morgan. Her BFF had admitted that she’d named hers so that it would feel more “personal.”

Picking up the flesh-colored thing, she considered that it never really measured up to the real thing, so she’d named it Morgan-Point-Five. She snickered to herself as she set it next to her on the bed.

“Baby,” Morgan called, his voice pulling her out of her thoughts. “You still there?”

Her fiancé had been gone for three weeks for work and she was practically crawling out of her skin with need for him. Their “little dates” were code for the hottest, steamiest phone sex she could have ever imagined. Maybe it was the fact that she was horny? Nah, it was more likely the fact that Morgan knew how to put it down, in and out of the bedroom. Who knew she’d be so turned on by all those dirty words he spoke so fluently?

“I missed you, babe,” she whispered.

“You did, huh?” He chuckled. The low hum of his laughter shot through her body.

Anticipation warmed her insides and the familiar ache settled into her stomach. “I can’t wait to hear what you have for me tonight,” she purred, dragging her fingers over her stomach and down to the waistband of her pajama bottoms.

“I think you’re going to like what I have for you,” he murmured.

“I know I am,” she agreed. “Don’t tease me, baby. I’m ready.”

“Have you started decorating yet?”

Sydney sighed. Usually around this time, she would be excited about the possibility of Christmas. It was her favorite time of the year after all. But she hadn’t even pulled the decorations out of the basement. There were no manger scenes, no garland, no lights. It hadn’t felt right without Morgan.

“No,” she answered. “I’m just not feeling it right now.”

“That’s different, not like you at all.”

“It’s Brynn’s first Christmas.” She picked at a fingernail. “I can wait until you get here, so we can do it together.”

“Are you sure you’re okay?”

“I’m fine, Morgan. Let’s talk about us.”

“How’s my baby?” he asked.

Groaning, she imagined the smirk on his face. He was playing with her, and she loved it. Still, even though she knew he was referring to their little girl, she couldn’t resist blurting out, “Your baby is horny.”

Sydney had never been so forward in the past. She’d always been shy in the bedroom, but Morgan had quickly squelched her tendency to censor herself. In fact, he demanded that she take what she want from him, because he “damn sure wanted to give her whatever she needed.”

“I think she has about fifty years before I’ll even think of her feeling that way about a man,” he mumbled. “Well, probably never.”

Syd laughed, stretched, and burrowed back into her pillow. “She’s finally asleep,” she told him. “But she snatched a bit of my sanity every single time she screamed. Nothing seemed to work.” It took a few hours, lots of patience, a dose of Tylenol, and the miracle Orajel, but Brynn had finally given in and Sydney had promptly fallen out herself. “She misses you, too.”

Sydney thought of the earlier phone call she’d had with Morgan. Dada had spent five minutes talking to Brynn as if she could talk back. Fatherhood definitely agreed with him, and Brynn was smitten with her father. So was Brynn’s mother.

“But you already talked to her earlier in the day,” Syd said, trying to steer the conversation back to the matter at her hand. She slipped her fingers beneath the band of her underwear. “As much as I love Brynn and love being her mother, don’t try to change the subject. I want to hear all about what you have for me.”

“You’ll have to wait,” he teased.

“Why?” she whined, slapping her free hand on the mattress and kicking her legs in a pseudo tantrum. “Oooh, you get on my nerves. Stop playing with my emotions.”

Morgan barked out a laugh. “Wow, babe. Okay, let me tell you a story.”

Sydney perked up. The last story Morgan had told her resulted in a toe-curling orgasm, with Morgan-Point-Five coming through with the assist. She couldn’t wait to hear it. “I’m ready,” she murmured, gripping the phone tightly.

“There once was a woman who had no patience.”

“Morgan!” His laughter was louder now, and her mood turned sour. Frowning, she shouted, “I’m hanging up!”

“Okay, okay,” he said. She could tell he was trying hard not to laugh. “You ready?”

“Yes,” she growled.

“You’re so spoiled,” he told her. “Okay…here’s the story. You. Me. Ten minutes. Be ready. Or should I say, be naked.”

“You better—” On the verge of demanding he come correct with the story, his words finally registered. “You…Wait, what? Morgan, what are you telling me?”

“I’m trying to tell you that I’ll be there in ten minutes and you should probably be ready to get fucked.”

She gasped, then let out a tiny squeal. If she’d been standing, she would have probably done a little dance. “You’re so going to get it when you get here. You know I hate surprises. But I’ll be ready.”

“I’ll be there,” he said. “And, Sydney?”

Sydney swooned at his low tone. “Yes,” she whispered.

“I hope you don’t have anything planned for the morning, because I plan to have you preoccupied for hours. Love you.”

Before she could respond, she heard the click that signaled he’d hung up. She rubbed her hand over her hair. Shit. Brynn had spit up on her hair. As her fingers traveled down her cheek, she felt the crusted baby food that her daughter had coughed onto her face. If Morgan saw her like that, story time might be over.

Bolting into action, Syd kicked at the mass of covers on her bed. In her haste to get out of the bed, her foot got stuck in the thin sheet and she toppled over on the floor, hitting her elbow on the corner of the nightstand. Instead of swearing at the pain and the table, she suffered in silence for fear of waking the baby up.

She rubbed her arm and hobbled toward the bathroom. Ouch, that’s going to bruise.

After the quickest shower of her life, she emerged from the steaming enclosure and wrapped herself in a towel. At the mirror, she ran a comb through her curls and brushed her teeth.

Glancing at the clock in the bathroom, she saw that eight minutes had passed. He said naked. But she considered donning the skimpy piece of nothing she’d purchased at the store the other day. It would drive him crazy, and that’s exactly what she wanted.

She practically sprinted into the bedroom but stopped in her tracks upon seeing Morgan leaning against the dresser, arms folded across his chest. “Morgan,” she breathed.

His mouth turned up in a devilish grin as his gaze traveled from her face to her neck to her chest and down the length of her body. It was almost like he was touching her, fanning his fingers across her skin the way his hungry eyes took her in.

Sydney took a minute to check him out. He’d let his beard grow out a little, and the five o’clock shadow sent a surge of heat right to her core. He wore a pair of navy blue slacks and a dress shirt. The top button was open and the sleeves of his shirt were folded up to his elbows, giving her a glimpse of his muscular arms. The tattoo on his left arm peeked out from under the silk fabric. He looked damn good.

Her mouth fell open and she swallowed, gripping her towel. “You’re here,” she murmured, her voice strained.

With his eyes fixed on her mouth, he said, “You’re not naked.”

She let her towel fall to the floor with no hesitation. “I am now.” Slowly, she sauntered toward him, feeling brazen and a little crazy with need. She’d missed him, and seeing him standing before her made her want to grab him and hold on to him for eternity.

No words were necessary. Everything they needed to say, they said with their eyes, with the magnetic pull that seemed to take over whenever they were near each other. He brushed a finger down her cheek and wrapped his hand around the back of her neck, jerking her to him. She gasped as he crushed her body against his, reveling in the feel of his hard chest against her soft breasts. He leaned down, rubbing his nose against her cheek, then lightly biting her jaw. Morgan trailed a line of kisses to her ear, pulling the lobe between his teeth.

“I can’t believe you’re mine,” he groaned, his breath hot in her ear.

“I can’t believe you still have on clothes,” she retorted, bringing her fingers up to his collar.

Morgan gripped her hair in his fist and placed short, wet kisses down her neck. Arching her head back, she grinned as his tongue blazed a trail up her throat, her chin, until finally he pulled her bottom lip into his mouth and sucked on it until she moaned his name.

Caressing his face, she trembled as he slipped his tongue into her waiting mouth, sliding it against hers before sucking on it. His arms snaked around her waist, almost as if he knew her legs would give out any minute, and he lifted her in his arms. She wrapped her legs around his long torso and he walked over to the bed, laying her down gently.

She couldn’t look away if she wanted to. Heat blazed in his eyes, and the air had seemingly changed. Slowly, he unbuckled his belt, removed his shirt, and pushed his pants and underwear to the floor, giving her an unabashed view of his magnificent body. His toned arms, strong legs, six-pack…Oh God, I want him.

Morgan kissed his way up her body, his lips lazily brushing over her skin, exploring every inch of her legs, her thighs, her… A soft bite against her inner thigh followed by his tongue made her fall back on the bed in surrender.

“Ouch,” she grunted, wincing in pain. She’d landed on something, and she knew exactly what it was, but she wanted to keep him from knowing.

His head snapped up, a furrow in his brow. Too late. “What? You okay?” His hands slipped beneath her and he pulled out the culprit. “What the—what the fuck is this?” he asked, holding up Morgan-Point-Five.

She felt her cheeks warm with a blush and dropped her gaze. “Um…”

A sexy grin formed on his mouth and she wanted to snatch her little friend out of his hand and push him back down between her legs.

“Morgan, you’re ruining the moment.” She covered her face as embarrassment flared. “I’m naked and lying under you.” She took the vibrator from him, tossed it across the room, and pulled him into a kiss.

It didn’t take long for the heat of their bodies, the movement of their tongues against each other, and the feel of his body on top of hers to pull them right back into bliss. He slowly kissed his way down her body, sucking and licking her skin in all the right places.

When she finally felt his breath over her core, she groaned.

“Morgan,” she whispered. “Oh God, stop playing with me.”

She’d half expected the first time they saw each other in a few weeks to be fast and furious, tearing clothes off, teeth and tongue foreplay…hard and deep. But the slow, deliberate lovemaking she knew was ahead would drive her just as crazy. Because she wanted him. Now.

“You want me to touch you?” he asked, sucking the sensitive skin of her thigh into his mouth.

“Yes,” she breathed, gripping the sheets in her fists.

“Or do you want your little toy to do its job?”

She smacked him on the shoulder, unable to help the laugh that escaped. “Asshole,” she said through clenched teeth. “You. I want you to touch me. I need you to touch me.”

“With my hands?” His thumb brushed over her slit. He let out a low curse. “Shit, baby. You’re wet.”

Coherent words escaped her, but her body reacted to his warmth, his gruff voice, his woodsy smell. Grumbling, she let out a string of…something?

“Or my mouth?” he asked.

Both. But before she could answer, she felt his tongue on her, circling her clit. She felt exposed, lost in him. She wanted him pulsing inside her, his body pressed against hers as he moved in and out—out and in.

Morgan had other plans. “You taste good,” he said. “And I’m hungry.”

Syd bit down on her bottom lip and moaned quietly as his lips closed around her clit. As if he’d read her mind, he ran a finger along her soft folds, before pushing two inside. It didn’t take long for her to unravel, coming so long and hard she wondered if she’d be any good for the rest of the night.

When her breathing finally slowed, she opened her eyes to find him staring at her. He winked and braced himself above her.

He dipped his tongue in her mouth, smiling against her lips when she dug her fingernails into his arms. She couldn’t take it anymore and lifted her legs around his waist, locking them at the ankles and pulling him closer.

“I want you now,” she demanded. “Inside me now.”

The tip of his erection pushed against her entrance and she bucked up, intent on getting what she wanted. He shifted forward, pushed deep inside. Closing her eyes, she stilled. It was too much. The emotion boiled over, overwhelmed her with its intensity. She felt everything at once, and nothing but him. The way he filled her up, how he seemed to fit her like he was handmade for her pleasure, caused a low moan to escape from her throat.

“Hey,” he said, kissing her chin.

She opened her eyes. Smiling, she mouthed, “Hey.”

Morgan entwined his fingers with hers and pulled out. “I missed you, baby. I need you tonight, want to make love to you in every way possible. Is that okay with you?”

Her answer was more like a grunt instead of a “please do.” But he seemed to understand that language when he pushed into her again. Soon, they settled into a rhythm together. Her moves matched his as they reacquainted themselves with each other. His lips were everywhere—on her lips, her neck, her ears, her throat…When his thrusts grew more intense, she trembled beneath him.

“Come for me, baby,” he commanded softly.

“Almost,” she panted. The sound of his skin hitting her skin made her feel unhinged.

“Let go,” he ordered. “I want to watch you, Mrs. Smith.”

And that was it. Hearing him call her Mrs. Smith was her undoing, like he’d pushed a secret button only he could find. With a low, husky groan, she let her orgasm overtake her, boil over and flow through her like molten lava. It was almost painful, but it was good pain. If there was such a thing. Biting down on his shoulder, she shivered when she felt him jerk and growl her name as he came, emptying his essence inside her.

They stayed that way for what seemed like forever, his face buried in her neck, her hands clutching his shoulders. Finally, he looked up at her, placed a lingering kiss on her open mouth, her nose, then her forehead. She hugged him to her, prayed that they’d always feel like this with each other.

“Don’t leave me again,” she whispered, surprised by the tears that pricked her eyes.

He kissed her, brushing his thumb over the corner of her left eye. “I’ll never leave you.”





Chapter Two



God, I love her.

It wasn’t a new revelation, but two years ago he never thought he’d be here—lying in bed next to Sydney’s soft, warm, naked body. He also never thought he’d feel the way he felt. Ever.

Baltimore for three weeks was an unacceptable time away from his girls. One room service too many had him calling his boss and asking if he could pack it in and head home a day early. After all, he was marrying the beauty next to him. She was going to be his wife, going to be his—forever.

Unable to resist touching her, he brushed a curl away from her face. She’d been asleep for hours. And he’d been up watching her. He couldn’t believe his life; how lucky he was. It was like Sydney had turned on a bright light in his dark existence. She loved him in spite of his flaws and even because of them. She’d never asked him to change, but he found himself wanting to do better, be better for her.

Last night, he’d meant what he said when he promised her he’d keep her up through the night. They’d made love countless times, until she collapsed in his arms, sleep claiming her almost immediately. It hadn’t been enough for him, though.

He let his gaze and his fingers travel over her body. He took in her flushed skin, swollen lips, mussed hair. She was perfect. They were perfect together.

When he’d walked into the bedroom earlier to catch her emerging from the bathroom in only a towel, he’d hardened instantly, needing to feel her against him, bury himself deep in her warmth. It took every ounce of restraint to not push her against the wall and take her right then. But when she’d dropped her towel, sauntered toward him with no fear or nervousness, he’d wanted to worship her, drive her crazy with need for him. The fact that she trusted him with her body, with no hesitation, only heightened his desire for her.

He smoothed his hand over her back and bent to kiss her shoulder, lightly nipping on her smooth skin. She stirred in her sleep, stretched then let out the cutest purr, one that made his heart hammer in his chest.

Placing wet kisses along the back of her neck, he traced her spine with his thumb.

“Morgan,” she groaned.

He felt a shiver course through her body and grinned against her ear. “Are you sore?” Please say no.

She smirked. “You’re insatiable.”

“Only for you.” He wanted to touch her everywhere, kiss her until she screamed his name.

“Did you check on Brynn?”

Morgan smiled, thinking of his daughter sleeping peacefully in the room next to theirs. Brynn was their little miracle, and he thanked God for her every day of his life. “I did. She’s fine.”

“Still feverish?” she asked, her voice raspy.

“No.”

“Good.” She gasped when his hand brushed the inside of her thigh.

“So beautiful,” he murmured as his lips hovered over the small of her back. “So sweet.” He bit her ass softly, then sucked on her plumpness, enjoying her low moan. “So mine,” he growled, slipping a finger inside her heat.

Sydney pushed into his finger as he moved. “Baby, you’re killing me.”

“You like it,” he quipped, licking the back of her thigh. The low giggle that escaped propelled him further. He straddled her hips, pushing another finger inside her. Leaning his forehead against her back, he groaned, “Damn, babe. You’re so wet for me. I love it. I love you.”

Her breath hitched and she let out a short grunt. “I…love you…more,” she managed to say as he picked up his pace. She rocked into his fingers and he felt her constricting around him.

“Get on your knees,” he commanded softly. “Let me in.”

Sydney complied, giving him a wink over her shoulder. Removing his fingers, he pushed into her heat, letting out a ragged breath at the feel of her enveloping him. He held himself still for a moment.

Cursing, he gripped her hips as he pulled out and pushed back. He knew he wouldn’t last long. Her sweet smell. Her soft cries. The way she repeated his name over and over again. The way her hair looked wrapped around his fist like a thick, black vine of curls. The feel of her skin beneath his fingertips. The taste of her sweat. She was driving him insane. Each of his five senses were tuned in to Syd’s channel. All Syd, every hour, every day.

“Come on, baby,” she pleaded, whimpering into her pillow as he moved in and out slowly. “Faster. Take it.”

He smacked her ass lightly and she wiggled into him, letting out a tiny giggle. This was it for him; she was the only woman for him. Forever.

Slow movements progressed quickly, and soon he was pounding into her, pulling her into him frantically. He wanted to wreck her like she’d wrecked him, make her lose control because he never seemed to have any around her. Will it always be like this? God, he hoped so.

Her legs shook and he knew she was close. “That’s right,” he growled, biting down into her neck. She stiffened and then her orgasm rolled through her like thunder, pulling his from him.

After a few seconds, she collapsed onto her stomach. He followed, dropping to his back next to her. Without a word, she burrowed into his side, her breathing ragged. He wrapped his arm around her and pulled her closer to him, not wanting to break the connection.

“Morgan,” she said finally.

Pressing his lips against her brow, he murmured, “Hmm?”

“This is perfect. You’re perfect. I can’t wait to be your wife.”

He sucked in a deep breath, happy that she’d articulated what he’d been thinking earlier. “I know,” he said. “You mean everything to me. I don’t remember how I existed without this, you—Brynn.”

She kissed his jaw. “I think you’re just horny.”

He chuckled and squeezed her tightly. “Whatever.”

“Seriously, I feel the same way.”

“I still can’t believe you didn’t put the tree up,” he said, recalling his surprise when she’d admitted she hadn’t started decorating. When he’d arrived the night before, he was shocked to find she hadn’t even pulled the boxes out of the basement. “That’s not like you.”

His future wife was a Christmas nut. She loved the holiday and often went overboard on the ornaments, garlands, music, and lights. But there wasn’t a single piece of anything up in the house. There were no candy canes, no tree skirts; not a single wreath or bell. Nothing. And he wondered what was wrong.

“Syd?” he prodded.

She wrapped her arm around his waist. “I told you, I wasn’t feeling it. I guess it didn’t feel right to put everything up without you.”

He lifted his brows. “Really?”

She nudged him. “What? Don’t act so surprised. It’s our first Christmas with Brynn and I thought we should all put the tree up together. Not that Brynn will be any help.”

His baby girl couldn’t even walk yet, but he was pretty sure she’d find a way to pull every single ornament from the branches and throw each of them into one of the many hiding places she seemed to find throughout the house. Smiling, he envisioned the horrified look that would be on Syd’s face if one of her ornaments ended up in the fireplace or smashed on the floor.

“I’m convinced she knows how to walk, though,” Syd mused. “I just think she’s being ornery.”

He laughed then, thinking back to when Syd went for the ultrasound at the five-month mark. The tech tried for a good fifteen minutes to get measurements of Brynn’s face, but every time she thought she had a good shot, Brynn covered her face. In the end, they weren’t able to determine the sex that day because Brynn rolled over and they couldn’t see below the waist. It was hilarious. The tech was so tickled, she announced then and there a “healthy, ornery, baby Smith.”

“You may be right,” he conceded. “I’m okay with her not walking. She’s already a crawling handful.”

They laughed again and he let the sound soak into his skin and settle into his heart.

“Is everything set for the wedding?” he asked, feathering his fingertips down her arm. “Anything I need to do?”

Syd shook her head. “No, everything is pretty much all set. Cali is relentless. She won’t let me do anything. But…”

When she didn’t complete her thought, he tilted his head to catch her gaze. “What? Something happen to Cali?”

“No, it’s Mom.” She let out a slow breath. “She’s being ridiculous, still talking about the guest list. I’ve told her countless times that we wanted it to just be our closest family, but she won’t let it go. And she always has something to say about my dad.” She groaned in frustration. “It’s driving me nuts.”

Morgan hated that Syd’s mother seemed to find joy in causing her pain. Their mother–daughter relationship had never been the best and the wedding seemed to bring out the worst in the older woman. He’d tried talking to her several times. Syd’s twin brother, Jared, had tried as well—to no avail.

“Well, I already told you,” he said, kissing her nose, “all I need is your sweet ass and a preacher, and I’m good. You can even wear those sexy yoga pants and your curls in a bitchy bun on your head.” He rubbed her scalp lightly.

She peered up at him, a soft smile on her lips. “I love you,” she breathed. “Can I cancel the wedding and just call my uncle over to marry us in front of the Christmas tree?”

He laughed. “As much as I’m ready to say let’s make those calls, I know you want this. And if you haven’t figured it out by now, I’d do almost anything for you.”

“Almost?” she asked, lifting a brow.

“I do have limits. But, Syd, you’ve dreamed of your wedding forever. I want you to be happy, so I’ll be there. The drama of the wedding planning will be over soon enough,” he assured her. “When is your dad coming?”

“The day after Christmas.”

A grin tugged at his mouth. His bride wanted a Christmas wedding. It was a hectic, busy time of the year, but she wanted it. Even though he wasn’t comfortable getting married during the “most wonderful time of the year,” he’d relented—with the one caveat that it couldn’t be on Christmas Day. What can I say? He was helpless to deny the sparkle in her eyes when she’d first mentioned it. His brother, Kent, and Jared—or Red as they called him—had clowned him. He was every kind of punked the day they announced the wedding date to their crew.

“Well, it’s been a while since he’s been here during the holiday season, so I know you’re excited.”

“I am,” she said, and he heard the smile in her voice. “I can’t wait to see him.”

“The bar?” He knew he was skipping around subjects, but he hadn’t been in town for weeks and had so many questions.

“Everything is good there. Kent and Red have really stepped up while you were gone. I’m so thankful for them.”

The Ice Box, their bar, had been doing great business since it’d opened the summer before last. Despite the scandal surrounding the opening—because of his forbidden relationship with his brother’s ex—new people were discovering it every day. They’d already discussed expansion.

“There have been a few robberies in the area, though,” she continued. “Kent installed more security cameras outside the front and back door. He also upgraded the alarm system.”

Morgan nodded. He’d heard about the security enhancements when Kent had called him last week. They weren’t in a bad area, but crime affected everyone it seemed. Ypsilanti, Michigan, was situated next to Ann Arbor, home of the University of Michigan. They had all agreed to open up in their hometown in an effort to bring business into the area instead of taking away from it. It was the best decision as far as he was concerned. He loved his little town.

“It will be okay,” he assured her. “We’ll hire additional security for the weekends.”

They settled into a comfortable silence. Minutes later, a tiny cry echoed into the room through the baby monitor.

Syd started to get up, but he stilled her with his hand. “I got this,” he told her.

He scooted out of bed and hurried into the master bathroom. Once he’d washed his hands and splashed some water on his face, he pulled on a pair of pajama bottoms and padded through to his daughter’s bedroom.

When he approached the crib and peered down, Brynn was staring up at him. Her eyes brightened when she saw him and he scooped her into his arms, grinning as she reached out and pinched his nose.

He nuzzled her cheek and kissed her brow. “Baby girl, I missed you. Did you miss your daddy?”

“Dada,” she chanted.

“That’s right…Dada.” He lowered his voice and whispered, “I won’t tell your mama you love me more.”

“I heard that!” Syd shouted from the other room.

“I know,” he yelled back. As he headed toward the kitchen, he bounced his baby girl in his arms, his heart melting at her soft coos and silly giggles. He hurriedly fixed her a bottle while she stuffed a fist into her mouth. “You hungry, baby girl?” Brynn jumped in his arms at the sight of the bottle, alternating between laughter at the faces he made and whining for the milk.

Once he finished, he held the bottle out and she gripped it between her small hands, immediately putting it in her mouth and drinking. He moved through the house, turning off lights behind him, and stepped into his bedroom. Sydney had put on a nightgown.

“What are you doing with clothes on?” he asked with a wink.

“Shut up,” she said.

He climbed in the bed, Brynn in his arms. When his daughter caught a glimpse of her mother, she let go of the bottle and shouted, “Mama!” before getting back to it.

Syd scooted closer to him, leaning her head against his shoulder and running a finger over Brynn’s hand. Staring down at his daughter in his arms and his girl at his side, Morgan felt complete.





Chapter Three



Sydney and Morgan—and Brynn—decorated the house that afternoon. Twinkling lights and fat ornaments adorned the space and she couldn’t help but smile at their work. Glancing at the tall tree in the center of their family room, she nodded her approval. Morgan returned to the room after putting Brynn down for her nap. The worst of the teething pangs seemed to be over for the moment and her daughter had returned to her normal, busy self. Syd assumed it had something to do with Brynn’s dada.

She smiled at him, packing up the remaining bulbs in her special case. Walking over to him, she wrapped her arms around him and rested her head on his back.

“Brynn is sound asleep.” He squeezed her hands against his stomach. “I guess throwing ornaments and gumming her toys is hard work.”

Syd laughed. “I knew she’d be like this. I wonder who she got it from.”

“Definitely not me. But Red told me you used to be a little terror in pigtails.”

Feigning offense, she smacked him on the shoulder, laughing harder when he flinched exaggeratedly. “Red is a liar, liar.”

Morgan hooked his finger into the waist of her sweatpants and pulled her to him and into a deep kiss. Caressing her face, he nipped at her bottom lip, sucking it in his mouth until she moaned.

She gripped his shoulders, holding him against her. As he lowered her to the couch, she tugged his shirt over his head. Needing to feel skin-on-skin contact with him, she pulled her shirt up and off, tossing it across the room.

“Shit,” she murmured.

He pulled back. “What’s wrong?”

“My shirt landed on the tree,” she grumbled, cringing. The OCD that seemed to consume her around the holidays and her tree reared its ugly head and suddenly she was torn between holding on to Morgan and pulling her shirt from the branch and fixing the way that one ornament hung from the tree.

“Aye,” he said, pulling her attention back to him. “I’m going to need you to pay attention to me and not that damn tree.”

Lying back against the plush cushions of the sofa, she grinned up at Morgan. He dipped a finger into her bra, undoing the front hook and letting it fall open. She closed her eyes as he ran his thumbs over her nipples until they were pebble-hard. Groaning when she felt him blow on her strained buds, she wrapped her legs around his waist.

“What do you want, Sydney?” he asked, his voice like a balm over dry skin.

“Don’t you know?” she whispered.

He bent lower, murmured against her ear, “I just want to hear you say it.” He nipped at her jaw, then brushed his lips against hers. His breath fanned out against her mouth, lighting a fire in her belly. Warmth spread across her chest as she felt a blush creep up her body to her cheeks.

“I—”

“Syd, I need you, girlfriend. Can we—” A yelp and an “Oh shit” followed.

“Fuck,” Morgan roared, jumping up.

Sydney’s eyes popped open as her best friend Cali’s loud curse cut through the haze of Morgan’s seduction. When she looked up, Cali was facing the wall, her back to them.

“Can you please?” her best friend growled. “Oh my God, please put something on? This is embarrassing.”

Mortified, Syd grabbed a pillow while Morgan grabbed their shirts.

“Cali!” Morgan blared, roughly tugging his shirt on and helping Syd with hers. “Damn it. How did you get in here? What happened to ringing the doorbell?”

Still facing the wall, Cali perched a hand on her hip. “Shit, Morgan, you’re not supposed to be here. You weren’t due back until tonight.”

“That doesn’t explain why you’re in my house,” he argued, a deep scowl on his face.

“Morgan, I’m in a bad mood, so get over yourself,” Cali hissed. “Sydney gave me a key while you were gone.”

Sydney giggled at her best friend and her fiancé as they traded insults for a few minutes, before Cali finally turned around to face them, a hand still covering her eyes.

“Are you decent?” Cali asked.

“Yes!” Morgan barked.

“Of course,” Syd said, shaking her head in amusement. “Since when are you so dramatic?”

Cali dropped her hand from her eyes and glared at Morgan. “Seriously, though, you weren’t supposed to be here. I need to talk to my friend.”

Morgan shrugged. “Really, Cali? Do I need permission from you to come home to my house?” He folded his arms across his chest. “She’s standing right here. Talk to her.”

“Alone,” Cali said, rolling her eyes at Morgan.

Syd stepped between them. “Okay, okay. Enough.” Turning to Morgan, Syd said, “Give me a few minutes.”

“I need an hour!” Cali shouted from behind her.

Morgan narrowed his eyes at Cali. “Whatever, Cali. I have some work to do anyway.” He planted a quick kiss on Sydney’s lips and walked out of the room, tossing a pillow at Cali on his way out.

Sydney laughed. “You two are ridiculous.”

Morgan and Cali had a different kind of relationship. They both bugged the hell out of each other but would cut someone for the other. Actually, Cali had the same relationship with Kent. They were more like siblings than friends.

“So, what’s up?” Syd asked, plopping down on the couch.

Cali gripped the plastic grocery bag she’d brought in with her. “Do you think Morgan went to the office or your bedroom?”

Syd hunched her shoulders. “Probably the office. You’re scaring me.” The last time Cali scared her, she’d admitted she’d made love to Syd’s twin brother, Red. It was definitely a revelation for both of them and a turning point for Cali’s friends-with-benefits relationship with Red. Now they were happily in love and raising Red’s daughter, Corrine, together.

“Let’s go to your bedroom.”

Without hesitation, Syd led Cali back to her room. Closing the door behind them, she sat on the edge of the bed and glanced up at Cali. Her friend paced back and forth, mumbling to herself.

“Cali, what’s wrong?” Syd wondered what had her friend so frazzled that she couldn’t seem to find the right words to tell her what was going on. “Are you okay? Is it Red?”

Cali squeezed her eyes shut tight, then stalked over to the bed, opened the bag, and dropped the contents on the bed.

Syd’s eyes widened at the different boxes of varying sizes, all the same theme. “What the hell? Why do you have all these pregnancy tests?”

“I can’t even wrap my fucking head around why I have all these damn tests,” Cali confessed, wringing her hands together in frustration. “All I know is I’m throwing up every freakin’ minute. I can’t stand the smell of ketchup and mustard. And I’m late. I’m never late.”

Syd could see that her friend was on the verge of an epic meltdown. She took a minute to really look at her. If she wasn’t sure Cali would fight her, she would point out that she was wearing one black and one brown shoe. Covering her mouth to hide her grin, Syd waited for Cali to stop talking to herself.

If Cali was pregnant, it would be pretty awesome. That would mean all of her friends would be mothers and know the joy that came along with it. She thought back on the day when her other best friend, Allina, had announced that she and Kent were expecting their first baby. It had been such an amazing day. Syd couldn’t be happier for them. I should call Allina, she thought.

When her gaze met Cali’s again, she stilled. Cali had been staring at her, eyes narrowed and accusing. “Don’t get all happy,” her friend demanded.

Shrugging, Syd said, “What? I’m not happy.” Yet. She stood up and rubbed Cali’s back as she buried her face in her hands. “Listen, don’t assume the worst.”

“Syd, this is pretty bad. I don’t want to be pregnant. You know that!” she shouted, panic rising in her voice. “And Red? He’s going to be ecstatic. Oh God, and Corrine. She’s been asking for a little sister. What the hell am I going to do?”

Grabbing her friend’s hand, she led her into the bathroom and sat her down on the stool at the vanity. She handed her a Kleenex and went to retrieve the pregnancy tests. Cali’s head was down when Syd entered the bathroom again. She lined the tests up on the counter and kneeled down in front of Cali.

Pushing hair out of Cali’s face, she smiled when she caught her gaze. She picked at the tattered tissue on Cali’s cheeks. “It’s going to be okay,” she assured her.

“How?” Cali said, her eyes wide with concern.

“Because, Cali, it just is. First of all, you don’t know if you’re pregnant. And if you are, it will still be okay. You’re already an excellent mother to Corrine. You and Red are in love and living together. It will be fine.”

Syd understood Cali’s hesitation about motherhood. She knew Cali hadn’t had the best childhood. In fact, they’d bonded over their trifling mothers. Syd thought her mother was a piece of work, but Cali’s mother was ten times worse, and Cali was terrified she’d end up like her.

“You’re not her,” Syd said, squeezing her friend’s knee. She brushed a finger under Cali’s eye, wiping away a tear that had escaped and pulling her into a tight hug. “It’s going to be okay,” she repeated.

When she looked up, she saw Morgan standing in the doorway. Mouthing to him that everything was fine, she smiled when he nodded and left them alone. After Cali got her cry out, Syd handed her a wet washcloth so she could clean her face up, then eyed the boxes on the sink.

“Now, I don’t think you need all these damn tests, girlfriend.”

Cali barked out a laugh. “Hey, I have to be sure. I drank lots of water so I can pee for days.”

Syd managed to convince Cali to take only one of the tests. And three minutes later, Syd peered down at the two bright pink lines on the little stick. A grin tugged at her mouth and she cleared her throat, glancing at Cali over her shoulder. Her friend was nipping at her thumbnail.

“Well?” Cali asked.

“Well,” Syd responded, letting out a deep breath. “Two lines.”

Cali rolled her eyes and peered up at the ceiling, muttering a particularly colorful and vulgar curse.

“What do you want to do?” Syd asked, trying to keep her voice neutral, even though she wanted to do the running man in the middle of the bathroom.

“I need a second opinion. You know those tests can be wrong.”

Syd had to concede to that. She’d taken her own test not too long ago, and it had been a false negative. Something in her knew her BFF was pregnant with her niece or nephew, though. But she also knew Cali and was sure her friend would take every single one of those pregnancy tests before she believed any of them.

An hour later, Syd sat next to Cali on the edge of the tub. They both eyed the various tests. More pink lines, red lines, a blue plus, and the bold word pregnant all meant one thing. Cali and Red were going to be parents to a beautiful baby boy or girl.

After about the third test, Cali had collapsed in a heap of tears before looking up at her and asking her to call Red. She’d claimed she needed the support when she told him. Syd had asked Morgan to call, and he’d just announced that Red would be there any minute.

“What do I say?” Cali asked.

“I’m pregnant?” Syd said with a shrug. “I don’t know. Just say it.”

Cali leaned her head on Syd’s shoulder. “Do you think he’ll be happy?”

“Are you happy?”

A small smile lit up her friend’s face. “Kind of.”

Shocked speechless, Syd swallowed. “Aw, Cali…”

“I’m scared,” she admitted, brushing a tear from her cheek. “What if—”

“No, don’t do that,” Syd interrupted in a firm voice. “Be happy. Enjoy this pregnancy.”

“But—”

“Cali?” Red’s voice called from the bedroom.

“In here,” Sydney shouted.

When Red poked his head into the bathroom, she motioned for him to enter. Morgan was right behind him. She smiled at her brother, one of her favorite people in the world.

His hazel eyes were tender, concerned, as he dropped his head to catch Cali’s eyes. “Hey,” he said. “Cali, what’s going on?”

Cali let out a deep breath. “You knocked me up,” she blurted out.

Red’s mouth fell open and he glanced at Syd, then Morgan, then back at Cali. “What?” he asked, his eyebrows drawn into a confused frown. “That’s…What?”

Standing up, Cali grabbed Red’s hand. “I took five pregnancy tests. I think it’s pretty safe to say I’m having your baby.”

“Five?” Red asked, his brows raised. “You took five tests? Damn.”

Syd couldn’t help but smile at the love shining in Red’s eyes as he looked at Cali, immediately pressing his hand against her stomach. Her gaze met Morgan’s across the room and he was grinning as well.

“I’m happy,” Red admitted. “Are you?”

The uncertainty in her brother’s voice made Syd’s heart ache for him. Cali had been adamant about not having kids, so she completely understood why her brother would be concerned.

A grin spread across Cali’s face. “Yes,” she whispered. “I am.”

Her brother pulled her best friend into his arms, hugging her tightly, telling her how much he loved her, wanted to be with her, and how he couldn’t wait to see her pregnant with his child.

Syd walked over to Morgan, who was leaning against the vanity. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed his jaw. “This is awesome,” she whispered.

Grinning down at her, he said, “Isn’t it?”

“What a beautiful Christmas present!” she said, eyeing the expecting parents, who were talking in hushed tones.

“Right,” Morgan agreed. “Now maybe Cali will go home.”





Chapter Four



Congratulations, man,” Morgan announced as he, Kent, and Red toasted the good news of the day. The three of them had just finished shooting pool at the Ice Box. The bar was quiet and the last few customers had just left.

After Cali told Red she was pregnant, Red had promptly told Cali they were getting married. That’s when the real fireworks happened. Cali accused Red of trying to control her now that she was “carrying his seed.” But Red hadn’t cared. He’d promised her they’d be married before the baby was born, that he was going to buy her a ring and she “better wear it.”

Morgan and Syd had just stared at each other and then left the two in the bathroom to continue the argument. Minutes later, the two had walked into the kitchen hand in hand and told them they were getting married—“on a random Tuesday morning, sometime in January,” Cali had added with a curt nod.

Once that was settled, Syd and Cali headed out to the stores for wedding shopping and Morgan decided to go to the bar to work. Red tagged along. On the way, they’d called Kent to meet them there.

“I can’t believe you got Cali pregnant,” Kent said, shaking his head. “What the hell were you thinking?”

Morgan laughed, giving Kent some dap. “Right. Your life is going to be a living hell for the next six to eight months.”

“I’m going to pretend you didn’t just insult my woman, man,” Red said, narrowing his eyes.

Morgan knew Red wasn’t really upset. Everybody knew how Cali was. She was hard on her best days, but none of them wanted her to change.

Kent finished off his drink. “Red, I’m telling you, pregnancy is no joke. Allina is like a damn roller coaster of emotions. One minute she’s grinning from ear to ear and the next minute she’s growling at me for drinking her nasty-ass juice.”

“Man, Syd loved that Juicy Juice, too.” Morgan remembered being banished to the family room because he’d accidentally thrown out Sydney’s white grape juice.

Kent scowled. “That at least sounds like it might be good. Allina is stuck on the bitter cranberry apple. Who likes a hundred percent fruit juice anyway? I sure as hell don’t.”

Allina was good and pregnant with Morgan’s future nephew, and Kent was on cloud nine. It felt good to see his brother married and happy. The two had eloped to Vegas a couple months ago. It was quick and painless—exactly what he’d wanted. Instead, he was up to his ears in Christmas wedding talk, in addition to the general craziness of the season. But if Syd was happy…

Red opened another beer and took a long pull. “Cali hates juice. I’m not worried.”

“You say that now,” Morgan said, “but you haven’t lived with a pregnant woman yet. It’s a whole new ball game.”

“Like I said, I’m not worried,” Red told them. “Anyway, Roc, you ready for the wedding?”

Just then, his phone buzzed and Syd’s face flashed across the screen. It was a pic he’d taken of her after they’d made love. She’d kill him if she knew that particular picture was still on his phone. But he loved it. He’d teased her about her bedhead and hooded eyes then snapped the pic when she’d smiled up at him. The average person who saw the picture would think it was just a pic of his love. Only he knew she was naked. That was enough for his imagination.

Syd: I’m at Red’s. Come pick me up. Love you, Mr. Smith.



Morgan: Be there soon, Mrs. Smith. Love you.



He was officially a sap. But he was cool with it. Glancing back up at Red, he shrugged in response to Red’s earlier question. “I’ve been ready,” he answered. “I don’t need all the pomp and circumstance. I just need her.”

Red rolled his eyes. “That’s still my sister, so I have to tell you…don’t fuck up. I’ll have to kick your ass.”

“Whatever, man.” Morgan waved his friend off. He and Red had been friends since they played high school basketball together years ago. “Just make sure you have your tux and shoes. I don’t want to hear Cali’s or Syd’s mouth.”

“Heard from Den?” Red asked, effectively putting a damper on the celebratory mood.

Sighing, Morgan shook his head slightly. “I haven’t. But Kent has.”

Caden, or Den, was Morgan’s older brother. Things had been strained between them for a while, since Morgan and Syd got together. Not surprisingly, Den wasn’t too happy with Morgan setting up house with Sydney, especially since Sydney and Den had been engaged to be married less than two years ago.

The drama that unfolded had been a big scandal around their small town. Den hadn’t been right since. It wasn’t that long ago that he’d had an episode, causing physical and emotional damage to everyone around them. Morgan remembered wanting to literally choke his own brother to death for threatening Syd with Brynn in the house. Soon afterward, Caden had checked himself into rehab for alcoholism.

His older brother hadn’t called him but kept in touch with Mama and Kent occasionally. It was for the best. Morgan wasn’t sure they’d ever be able to salvage their relationship. Too much said and done to turn back. Even so, Den was his brother. Morgan prayed he’d actually get the help he needed to heal himself.

“I haven’t heard from Den in weeks,” Kent admitted, rubbing a hand over his jaw. “But Mama has. She told me he seemed to be doing all right. She’s still worried, though.”

Morgan hated to hear Mama was worrying so much. He figured it was the occupational hazard of being a mother, though. He couldn’t help but be thankful for Mama and the way she’d taken him and Den in all those years ago. After his biological parents were arrested for numerous illegal activities, he could have ended up in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, with his grandmother. His life could have turned out very differently if Kent hadn’t begged Mama to let him stay with them.

Mama was one of a kind. She took in two boys with a troubled history and loved them like she’d given birth to them. When his parents died in prison, she and Papa adopted them, giving him and Caden their last name—Smith. Now he was giving Sydney that name.

Smiling to himself, he remembered proposing to Syd. She’d been pregnant with Brynn and he’d arranged to pop the question at the bridal shower.

“Sydney,” Morgan asked, holding the open Tiffany box with the gleaming diamond and sapphire ring in front of his very pregnant girlfriend. “I love you so much. You’ve made me so happy. I can’t think of anyone else I’d want to make my wife. Will you marry me?”

Instead of the breathless yes he’d expected, she’d shouted, “Shit!” Then, “Oh shit, I think my water just broke.”

“Roc,” Kent said, jarring him from his memories. “What’s up, man? You zoned out. Red asked if you were still planning to take Syd to St. Thomas this winter.”

“That’s my goal,” Morgan answered. “It just depends on work.”

Morgan’s project in Baltimore was winding up, but his boss had asked him to spearhead another project that would involve more travel, more time away from his family. Sydney had asked him not to leave her again, though. He’d promised he wouldn’t, so he was sure he’d have to make some decisions soon.

“They want me to stay on in Baltimore for a while longer.”

Red winced. “She won’t be happy about that.”

“I know,” Morgan agreed. “Which is why everything is so up in the air.”

They needed to have a conversation very soon, but he didn’t want to do it this week. There was too much going on, and soon family would start to arrive in town.

Red nodded. “It’ll work out the way it’s supposed to.”

“Exactly,” Kent said. “That’s what I told him.”

Red drained the rest of his beer and slammed the bottle on the table. Leaning forward, he dropped it in the bin behind the bar reserved for empty bottles. “I better get going. I promised Corrine a bedtime story.”

“Are you going to tell Corrine about the new addition?” Morgan asked.

“Nah.” Red shook his head. “We decided to wait until Cali passed the first trimester. She’s supposed to be making an appointment with Dr. Love in the morning.”

Morgan and Kent shared a knowing look. At one point, Cali couldn’t stand the beautiful doctor, especially when she thought Red was infatuated with her. The two had since become pretty cool with each other, often doing group, girly activities.

“Shut the hell up,” Red growled. “Love is an excellent doctor. You should know that, Roc, since she delivered Brynn.”

Morgan shrugged. “Oh, I know. I just think it’s funny how things turned out.”

They spent a few more minutes talking trash with each other before Red left. Kent excused himself and went to grab some work from his office while Morgan spent a few minutes cleaning up. The bar was empty save for a few employees.

Morgan heard the front door slam and assumed it was Red coming back for some reason. “Did you forget something, man?”

When there was no response, he looked up. It wasn’t Red. Two young men stood before him.

His gaze shifted to the bartender, Peter, who stared at the men, eyes wide.

“Can I help you?” Morgan asked, his voice even. He glanced at the back hallway, where Kent had disappeared, then over at the waitress standing by the bar.

Then he heard it. The click of a gun. He ground his teeth together, eyeing the two terrified employees. Morgan did a quick scan of the room, at the placement of tables, the pool sticks, places to take cover. If he hadn’t been drinking, he’d be able to take both of them.

“Look,” he said, keeping his gaze trained on the gun, lifting his hands up. “You don’t want to do this. Whatever you want, we’ll give it to you. Put down the gun. I don’t want anyone to get hurt.”

“Shut up,” the man holding the gun growled. “Get down on the floor. All of you.”

Sparing another glance at the hallway, Morgan hoped Kent wouldn’t come barreling out of the back and startle the thugs. The last thing he wanted to do was dive in front of a loaded pistol, even though he wouldn’t hesitate.

Unfortunately, Kent chose that exact moment to come out. “Roc, did you—” His voice faltered when he saw the men standing there. Kent and Morgan exchanged a quick glance before Morgan turned his attention back to the gun.

“Get yo ass down on the ground,” the man without the gun ordered. “This is a robbery. Don’t try anything crazy and you won’t get shot.”

The waitress, Rebecca, cried out and the gunman swung his attention to her. With a sinister smile on his face, he looked Rebecca over and sneered, “We may have to steal her, too.”

Morgan’s blood ran cold. The promise in the man’s voice had him clenching his fists. There was no way he’d let them do anything to Rebecca. He’d seen the effect rape had on a woman, been there when Syd was brutalized in the worst way freshman year in college.

When he glanced over at Kent, took in the way his brother’s jaw clenched, he guessed they had the same thought. His eyes caught the gleam of Red’s pool stick on the floor under the table next to him. It must have fallen.

Slowly, he bent as if complying with their request to get on the floor. Grabbing the stick, he quickly swung it up and cracked the side of the gunman’s face, knocking him flat on his back.

Kent tackled the other man, slamming him into one of the tables and delivering a blow to his gut. It didn’t take long for the guy to crumple into a pile on the floor.

“Call the police!” Morgan shouted to Peter.

He looked up then and saw the gunman grab the gun and aim at Kent’s back. Without thinking, Morgan pushed Kent out of the way just as a shot rang out. Vaguely, he heard Rebecca’s screams, followed by Kent’s frantic voice. Unfortunately, it was too late. The bolt of fire that passed through him as the bullet pierced his skin took his breath away. He grabbed his side, unable to believe he’d been shot.

Glancing down, he saw red soak the front of his shirt and pushed down hard to staunch the bleeding. He felt the warm ooze of blood through his fingers, and Syd’s face flashed through his mind—her beautiful eyes, her full mouth. He thought of their life together, their beautiful daughter. Brynn was not even one year old and he wondered if he’d ever see her walk or hear her talk.

The bite of his knees hitting the hard floor made him groan in pain. He registered hearing a scuffle and another shot, following by a high-pitched scream before he fell onto his stomach. I’m dying. Then everything went black.





Chapter Five



Sydney was uncomfortable and she couldn’t explain why. It had been a pretty eventful day. Morgan was home, Cali was pregnant, and Red proposed—sort of. But something felt off.

“Syd, did you hear me?” Allina asked. Her very pregnant friend was sitting on the floor, playing with a still-wired Brynn.

No. “Um…girlfriend, I’m sorry. I wasn’t paying attention. What did you say?”

Allina peered up at her, a concerned look in her eyes. “Are you okay?”

Syd nodded, giving her friend a smile. Cali had gone upstairs to get Corrine ready for bed, and Allina had been yapping about something. Syd just couldn’t remember what.

After they’d left her house, Cali had swung by to pick up Allina. The three ladies had spent a few hours shopping and then returned to Cali and Red’s home to work on wedding favors. She’d been fine, until she wasn’t.

“I was just saying that I should have your dress finished tomorrow. I would have had it done today, but I had to go to the doctor.”

That got Syd’s attention. “Huh? Are you good? Is the baby all right?”

Allina smiled. “Yes. It was my regular appointment. Everything is fine.” She smoothed a hand over her growing belly. “I’ll be glad when I can sleep on my stomach again.”

Syd could relate to that. It was the worst part of pregnancy in her opinion. Even worse than bloating and cankles. “Girl, I know. But it will all be worth it when you hold your son in your arms. Have you thought about a name?”

Allina smiled sheepishly. “Kent picked. He wanted to tell you and Morgan together, but I guess I can tell you. You can’t say anything,” she added under her breath.

Syd leaned in, giving Allina her full attention. “I promise.”

“Owen Morgan Smith,” she whispered.

Sydney gasped. “Really? Aw, Allina. Morgan is going to be so geeked.”

“We went back and forth about it. I thought we should name him after both of our fathers.”

Allina didn’t have to say any more. Kent had once told her that his father had made him promise to never name his child after him. And Papa, as they’d called him, hated his given name—Henry.

“So we settled on my father’s name and his brother’s name,” Allina continued. “I love it, though.”

Syd couldn’t help the smile that pulled on her lips. She loved it, too. Deciding to push through the strange feeling that had overcome her, she picked up a roll of tulle. “I think Morgan will be honored, Allina. I’m so happy for you and Kent. I always knew you were made for each other.”

The year had been a pretty hectic one for her friend. After nearly marrying the wrong guy, she’d run out on her church wedding and returned back home to Michigan to escape her psychotic ex. Kent took her in and the two quickly figured out what the rest of them had known all along. They were better together than apart. The two recently made it official at a small wedding in Las Vegas and then announced they were expecting their first child. If anyone deserved to be blissfully happy, it was Allina. Her friend was beautiful, inside and out. And Syd couldn’t wait to meet her new godchild.

Cali trotted into the living room. “Phew, my baby doll was talking my ear off. Argued me down about why her bedtime should be extended during Christmas break. I told her I’d think about it.”

Syd laughed. Her niece, Corrine, was definitely her father’s child. The girl could argue like a seasoned attorney.

The three settled into a comfortable silence while they each focused on their particular task. Brynn, on the other hand, was staring at her bare feet in awe. Syd heard the keys in the door and looked up to see Red stepping inside the house.

“Hey, baby,” Cali said, a wide grin on her face.

Red nodded but didn’t say anything. Instead, he met Syd’s gaze. Something in his eyes gave her pause and she stood up. Cali and Allina must have caught it, too, because they both stood up.

“What’s wrong?” Syd said, a shiver going up her spine.

Red’s eyes dropped to his hands and that’s when she noticed it. Blood. On his shirt, on his hands, on his jeans.

Cali rushed over to him. “Red? Baby, what happened? Why do you have blood all over you? Are you hurt?”

Dread seeped into her soul as Red held her gaze. “It’s…Morgan.”

Syd could feel her body sway, but then Allina was behind her, a strong hand pressed against her back. Unable to say anything, Syd swallowed.

Allina spoke for her. “What’s wrong?”

“Is he…?” Syd croaked. She knew it was bad. If it wasn’t bad, Red wouldn’t be standing in front of her looking so damn devastated—and bloody. It was Morgan’s blood on him.

A slight shake of Red’s head had her finally releasing the breath she hadn’t realized she was holding. “What happened?” she asked.

Cali and Allina flanked her side, both of them holding her as if she could fall at any minute.

“There was an incident at the bar. Kent—”

“Oh God,” Allina gasped.

Red’s eyes turned to Allina, a hand reaching out to grip her shoulders. “He’s okay. Calm down.”

“What’s wrong with Morgan?” Syd asked.

“He was shot,” Red explained. “Two thugs came in and tried to rob the place. Morgan and Kent fought with them, and—”

“I have to go,” Syd breathed, searching for her purse. She had no idea where it was, though. Everything was a haze. The colors of Red’s couch seemed to blur together—blues mixed with grays. Rushing to the chair, she lifted her coat and shrugged it on. Her eyes filled with tears as she barely registered movement beside her. “Brynn,” she murmured. “I have to…I have to put on her coat. We have to go. I have to get to him.”

Then Red was standing in front of her, his hands cupping her face, forcing her to look at him. “It’s okay. Brynn can stay here. Cali is with her. I’ll take you and Allina with me.”

“Is he…you said he’s not dead. He can’t be dead. But, is he going to…?” She shook the impossible scenarios out of her mind, squeezing her eyes shut. “Please, Red, tell me.”

“I…”

His hesitation made her eyes snap open. “Just tell me,” she shouted, panic rising in her.

“It’s not good,” Red confessed. “I’ll tell you more on the way.”

Red made it to the hospital in record time—ten minutes to be exact. She barreled into the hospital with Red and Allina on her heels. The emergency room was buzzing with activity and she spotted Mama immediately. She was seated with her head down, rocking like she was sobbing.

“Mama,” Allina called to her as they approached.

The older woman stood up, her eyes welling with tears.

“No,” Syd said, shaking her head.

“Sydney,” Mama said. “The doctors—”

“No,” Syd spat. She didn’t want to hear about the doctors. She just wanted to see Morgan. She needed to lay eyes on him. “No. Where is he?”

“They wheeled him into surgery.”

Sydney whirled around at the sound of Kent’s low voice. “Kent?”

Allina was on him, touching him everywhere, tears streaming down her face. For a minute, Syd felt a jealous pang in her stomach. She wanted to touch Morgan. She needed answers.

“Kent?” Syd called, trying to keep her voice controlled and even.

Kent glanced at her, his eyes haunted, dead. She took a moment to look at him, really look at him. The normally cool and collected Kent looked disheveled. His clothes were wrinkled; the knee of his jeans was ripped. His shirt was smeared with blood. Morgan’s blood? And his fists; they were wrapped in bandages.

“Is that Morgan’s blood?” she asked before she could stop herself. She had to know.

He couldn’t look her in the eye. “Syd, I’m sorry. It happened so fast.”

Syd wanted to scream. She didn’t want to hear apologies; she just wanted to know what happened and where Morgan was.

“Where is he, Kent?” she asked, even though he’d already answered her.

“He was shot in the lower chest/upper abdomen. Paramedics weren’t sure where the bleeding was coming from. Morgan lost a lot of blood,” Mama said, choking back tears. “They had to rush him into surgery. But the doctor warned that they didn’t know what they were going to find. I’m thankful they got him here fast. I’ve seen cases like this. Many times victims don’t even make it to the hospital alive.”

Sydney gagged, covering her mouth as bile rushed up her throat. Dry heaves brought tears to her eyes, and Red made it to her just in time for her to throw up into a trash bin.

She heard Allina praying in her ear, Mama’s soft cries behind her, and Red imploring her to calm down or she’d make herself sick. Winded, she plopped down on a seat close by. She didn’t blame Mama for her frank thoughts. After all, the woman had been an emergency room nurse for many years. But Syd couldn’t take hearing that Morgan had been in such bad shape when he was brought into the hospital.

“When did they take him in?” she asked, taking deep breaths.

“It’s only been about thirty minutes,” Kent replied. He handed her a white Styrofoam cup. “Drink this. The nurses said it could take hours.”

She did as she was told, gulping the cold water down until she’d finished what was left in the cup. Glancing at Kent’s fists, she picked one up and examined it. “You beat him up?”

Kent’s gaze flew to hers, his mouth falling open.

“The shooter?” she said. “You hit him? Is that why your hands are bandaged?”

Nodding, he said, “The police had to pull me off of him. He’s in bad shape, but they didn’t bring him here. The other one, they arrested him.” He leaned his elbows against his knees and dropped his head.

Sydney swept a hand across his back. “Was he conscious?”

Kent shook his head, ran his hand over his bald head. “He saved me,” Kent croaked, a tear falling from his eyes. “My brother…he pushed me out of the way. Otherwise, that would have been me shot.”

Syd watched Allina hug Kent, consoling him. It was just like Morgan to save the day. He was her hero, after all.

Mama wiped an errant tear from her face. Syd thought about everything the woman had been through, from losing her husband to dealing with Den’s bipolar disorder, and now this. She had a strong urge to hug her, but she didn’t think she could move. Her legs felt weak.

“Has anyone tried to contact Den?” Syd asked.

They hadn’t seen Caden since he’d shown up at her house and destroyed her living room in a rage. Den’s anger had boiled over to the point where he hadn’t even realized what he was doing. Morgan could have killed him that day, but luckily Kent was there.

“I tried to call him,” Mama said, massaging her temples. “He won’t answer.”

“I tried, too,” Kent mumbled.

Syd stood up on shaky legs and looked at Red. “I want to check for an update.”

A while later, they were sitting in the same area and Sydney was going crazy. She couldn’t stop thinking of everything that went wrong. But most of all, she couldn’t stop thinking of everything that had ever gone right. He was everything to her, and if he died…

Kent and Allina had walked away to get some food. Mama and Red were seated next to her. She’d spent her time there begging God to save Morgan’s life and looking for some sort of sign that he would. Because if he dies…

Scratching her head, she jumped up, pacing the floor in long strides. She’d called Cali and checked on them a few minutes ago. She knew her friend was going crazy with worry because she couldn’t be there, but Syd was glad that someone she trusted was with Brynn. That was one less thing for her to worry about.

“Sydney?”

She stopped in her tracks at the voice that had pissed her off more times than she could count. Turning slowly, she bit down on the inside of her cheek to keep from saying something she would regret. This was not the time for this.

When she met her mother’s gaze, she said, “Mom. You’re here.”

It always jarred her, how beautiful her mother was—with her dark smooth skin, long wavy hair, and big doe eyes. Especially since the woman was a mean, hateful woman. They’d never really gotten along and she’d spent years blaming herself, trying to find a reason why her mother never really loved her. But she’d given up that fight long ago and if Paula Williams said anything out of line, Syd would have to respond in kind.

Paula approached her tentatively. Before Syd could say another word, Red was at her side, in protective mode. “Mom?” he said. “What are you doing here?”

“Cali told me what happened.”

Syd wondered why Cali would tell her mother anything.

“I had called to ask her a question about the wedding, and she told me you were here.”

Ah. The word wedding coming from her mother’s mouth set something off in her. Anger brimmed to her ears and she felt like she was going to blow. “Mother, if you—”

Paula held a hand up. “Wait, Sydney.” Her mother fidgeted, shifted her weight from one leg to the other. So unlike her. “I’m…sorry. I came here because I know you’re hurting. I know I haven’t always been the mother you need. But I’m here for you.”

Sydney rocked back on her heels and Red wrapped an arm around her waist. In her wildest dreams, she’d never envisioned the words I’m here for you coming out of her mother’s mouth. Ever. To hear her say that took her by complete surprise.

“I’m not so naïve that I think you actually want me here, but I’m offering to keep Brynn and Corrine so that Cali can come and be with you.”

A tear dropped from Syd’s eyes. Her mother had always been selfish, rarely offered to do anything unless it was self-serving. Sydney was astounded at the selfless gesture. Instead of making this about her being there for her, she’d offered to step aside so that Cali could be where Syd needed her.

Nodding, Syd wiped her eyes. “Thank you, Mom.”

Then her mother pulled her into her arms and embraced her. It had been forever—at least ten years—since her mother had hugged her, shown her any affection. They stood like that for what seemed like minutes when in reality it was only a few seconds. But it felt like a Christmas gift. Because no matter what had happened between them, Sydney had always dreamed of a moment like this.

She heard a throat clear behind her and turned. A doctor was standing there.

She hadn’t realized Kent and Allina had returned until Kent stepped up beside her and whispered, “The surgeon.”

Syd stilled.

“Doctor Romano, this is Sydney, my brother’s fiancée,” Kent explained. “Do you have an update for us?”

The doctor eyed Sydney and gave her a sympathetic yet stiff smile. “They’re closing up now. The bullet passed through the left side, puncturing his lung but missing his heart. There was significant blood loss. Fortunately, we think we stopped the bleeding, but only time will tell. Right now we’ve started him on an antibiotic to prevent an infection.”

Apparently, the surgeon had trouble stabilizing Morgan’s breathing and had to insert a breathing tube. The more he talked, the tighter her chest felt. There was nothing in the doctor’s explanation that made her feel like things were going to be okay, that Morgan would survive his wounds, but she hesitated to ask the question. She didn’t think she could handle the answer.

The older man paused, his eyes scanning all of their faces. “His condition is critical,” he continued. “I wish I had better news. If there is any family that needs to be notified, it would be a good idea to make the calls.”

Syd heard screams ringing in her ears before she realized she was the one screaming. Red’s arm tightened around her, right when her legs gave out.





Chapter Six



Prayer changes things.

Sydney didn’t remember much about her grandmother, but as she sat in the hospital chapel, those words came to mind. Her granny had always told her that prayer was essentially talking to God. And once she was able to walk again, after the doctor had delivered the devastating news to contact anyone close to Morgan, she’d decided to walk to the one place she thought God would hear her.

There was no secret. She was desperate. A life without Morgan wasn’t something she could even fathom. What would she do if she couldn’t see his soulful eyes staring into hers, feel his skin beneath the tips of her fingers, hear his voice whispered in her ear? And what would Brynn do without her father? The questions didn’t have easy answers.

The chapel was empty. The quiet was what she needed. She had to get her mind right, before she saw him, before she laid eyes on her love. The doctor had informed them that Morgan would be transported to the intensive care unit. When Syd had asked if she could stay overnight, he’d told her that no one was able to sleep inside the room, but there was a quiet room she could sleep in. The thought still made her sick to her stomach. A quiet room. The doctor had said it like it was the greatest thing in the world. The irrational anger simmered in her gut at his words, at his entire disposition. She supposed it was best if he remained impartial, stayed detached, but…fuck the quiet room. She winced, realizing where she was. Even though she hadn’t said the word out loud, she’d still thought it. That was just as bad according to her granny.

Okay, back to the prayer.

“Oh, God,” she started, her voice shaky and hoarse. “I’m not sure where to begin. It’s not my first time praying and I know it won’t be my last, but I’m begging You…please.” She swallowed roughly, placing a hand to her throat. “Please save Morgan. I need him. Brynn needs her father.”

She wanted to beg and plead, make trades, give up vices. Sydney was willing to do anything. At the same time, she knew that wasn’t how it worked. If it was going to happen, it would on its own time.

“And, Lord? I don’t know what to do. I have no idea what to even say, but I know You hear me.” She stared at the ceiling, then squeezed her eyes shut as tears streamed down her face into her hair. “Please.” She said “please” so many times she’d lost count. Choking back a sob, she dropped her head to the bench in front of her.

A hand tightly squeezing her shoulder made her turn. Cali stood behind her, a tentative smile on her lips. Allina stood next to her, rubbing her tummy. Mama walked in next, her eyes red and swollen, probably from all the crying.

Syd let out a slow breath, relief washing over her at the sight of her family. No, they weren’t blood related, but she’d learned a long time ago that it wasn’t a requirement to have come from the same bloodline. These people were the people she could count on to be there, through any and everything. That meant the world to her.

None of the women said anything. They simply sat down on both sides of her, Cali and Allina each taking one of her hands while Mama wrapped her arms around her from the back. The tears continued to flow as Syd sent up silent prayers.

After a few minutes, she said, “I don’t know how to do this.” She met Cali’s gaze, then Allina’s. “Nothing makes sense without him.”

“Baby, he’s not dead,” Mama whispered. “Let’s not think that way. There’s always a chance, always a miracle. As long as he’s still breathing…”

Sydney knew that Mama was devastated, but the fact that she’d pushed her own sadness, her own worry, aside to comfort her made her love her more. If that was even possible. The two had always had a loving relationship—from the first day she’d met her, even throughout the drama with Den, until now.

Leaning her head back against Mama’s chest, she sighed. “I wish I’d just married him like he wanted. We just talked about it today.” She looked at Cali. “Can you make the calls?”

Cali nodded. “Whatever you need.”

Syd wasn’t giving up her dream of getting married, but she knew their planned wedding was a longshot considering her groom was fighting for his life at that very moment. “Is he in his room yet?”

Allina squeezed her hand. “He should be by now. When we left to find you, the doctor had given Kent the room number.”

Nodding, Syd stood. She gave each woman a tight hug. Mama held on a little longer and Syd took comfort in her familiar smell. Soft amber, orchids, exotic fruits. It was her signature scent, one that seemed made just for her.

“He loves you. He’ll fight,” she whispered into her ear.

Syd held on to Mama’s words, turning them around in her head over and over again. “I love you, Mama.”

“I know,” she said simply. She drew back, running her thumbs under her eyes. “Now, let’s go see him.”

When they made it to the second-floor ICU, the nurse told them only two people could be in the room at a time. Since Kent was already in with Morgan, Syd went. She reached the room, pausing when she heard Kent talking in a hushed tone.

“Roc…Morgan, I’m not sure what to say. I don’t even know if you can hear me,” she heard him say. “But if you can, I need to thank you.”

Kent’s words were choppy, almost like he had to force each one out, like it was painful to speak. She wanted to go to him, comfort him. But she stayed put.

“You saved my life,” Kent continued. “As if that wasn’t enough, I need to ask you for something else. Please fight. Syd needs you. You should have seen her. When the doctor told us to call your loved ones, I don’t think I’ve ever heard a scream like that. She couldn’t even stand. She was inconsolable. It took minutes to calm her down.”

Sydney didn’t remember any of that. Everything was a blur after the doctor dropped the news. One minute she was standing, listening. The next, she was on the floor, cradled in Red’s arms as he rocked her back and forth, whispering nonsensical words in her ear. What she did remember, though, was the ache in every part of her body. She recalled the way the air felt leaving her lungs, almost like someone had stolen it.

“I need you, Roc.” Kent sniffed. “You’re my brother in every way that matters. I’ve never regretted asking Mama and Papa to let you come stay with us all those years ago. It was the best thing I could have done. So, you have to beat this. Fight. For Syd, for Brynn, for Mama…for me.”

Sydney pushed the door open and walked in. Kent didn’t turn around upon her entrance. He stood still, staring down at Morgan. Instead of looking at her fiancé lying so still in the bed, she wrapped her arms around Kent and held on for dear life.

They stood like that for a while, pulling comfort from each other, crying silently. Kent was as much her brother as Red. She hated to see him like this. For a moment, she was able to concentrate on his pain instead of her own. Because he needed it.

Moments later, she finally turned around and allowed herself a glimpse of Morgan’s face. Swallowing a sob, she let her gaze travel over his body. She ran her fingers over the faint bruises on his arms, then under a bandage where they’d probably tried to start an IV. She feathered her fingertips over his eyebrows, down the side of his face. Leaning down, she brushed her lips over his forehead, over the corners of his mouth.

It took everything in her not to wither under the weight of her grief. No, he wasn’t dead, but he was so still, so quiet. The man lying in the bed looked small, fragile. That wasn’t Morgan. The Morgan she knew was big, tall, strong.

Kent massaged her shoulders and she straightened the blanket lying low on Morgan’s body. Tracing his fingers with hers before she slipped her hand in his, she murmured, “I love you, Morgan. I love you so much. I’m here. Come back to me.”

She looked closely at his fingers, noticed the faint stain of blood under his fingernails. Did he know that he’d been shot before he’d collapsed? Did he think he was dying? Syd prayed that he hadn’t had any fear, hoped that the pain of the bullet tearing through his skin hadn’t registered when he was conscious enough to feel it.

“Do you think he’s in pain?” she asked.

“No,” Kent replied.

“You told me some of what happened at the bar,” she said, picking at the edge of the bedsheet. “How did it escalate?”

She turned to Kent just in time to see the guilt take over. Syd knew Morgan wouldn’t want Kent to feel responsible for this. She linked her free hand with Kent’s.

Kent told her the story about how the thugs came into the bar, dressed in all black, ordering them to the ground. Syd listened quietly while Kent went through the entire ordeal, from the beginning until the paramedics arrived a short time later. Kent had yelled at Rebecca to apply pressure to Morgan’s wound, a move that would later be applauded by the doctor when they arrived. Because if she hadn’t, Morgan would already be dead. She owed Rebecca a debt that could never be repaid.

“Once he went down, I don’t know what came over me,” Kent continued. “The other guy was knocked out from the impact of me slamming him into the wood table. But that punk, the one that got off that shot…I couldn’t control my rage. I just hit him, and hit him, and kicked him. If the police hadn’t arrived when they did, I would have killed him. I’m fairly certain he would be dead.”

Sydney thanked goodness Kent hadn’t succeeded in killing the man. The last thing she needed was to visit her brother in jail. She’d be even more devastated and Allina would be a wreck. “I’m glad you didn’t kill him, Kent, but I do understand the compulsion. I want to lay some fists or a steel pipe on him myself.”

He laughed then. It wasn’t his usual boisterous laugh, but it was music to her ears anyway. He’d been so serious, so unlike Kent. She needed him to be okay so he could help her be okay. They would get through this together.

Turning her attention back to Morgan, she mumbled, “He looks so small in that bed.” She brought his hand up to her lips and placed a kiss on his knuckles before rubbing her face with the back of his hand. “Mama wants to come in and see him.”

“I’ll go out,” he offered. “I’ll send her in.”

She nodded. “Thanks. Kent?”

“Yes.”

“I love you. It’s going to be okay. He’s going to pull through. He just promised me the other day that he’d never leave me. I’m holding him to that.”

Kent blinked as his eyes welled up with tears. But none fell. He gave her a tight smile. “Okay. Well, that’s it, then. If he promised you, he’ll keep his promise.”

Syd, I love you. And because I love you, I accept you—even the parts that infuriate me.

Syd smiled at the memory that seemed like a lifetime ago. The first time Morgan had told her he loved her had rendered her speechless.

He leaned into her, lowered his head to her ear, and nipped at the lobe. “You smell so good. So beautiful. God, I love you. I don’t know how I’m going to let you go.”

And he didn’t, even though he tried to remove himself from the equation.

Sydney smiled at Morgan. “You once told me that you loved me beyond reason. I love you the same. But you already know that. I never even had to tell you, because you knew. You’ve always known.”

The love they had for each other, the passion that seemed to erupt whenever they were close to each other, had made it impossible for them to live without one another.

Her mind flooded with visions of their life together, the precious time they’d spent getting to know each other as lovers and as a couple while in Baltimore. She thought of the bond that grew even stronger when Brynn was born and the way their little girl had him wrapped around her tiny fingers.

“You’re my one,” she reminded his still form. “There is no one else for me. Please, open your eyes, baby. I promise, I’ll marry you in these wrinkled clothes, no makeup, and wild hair. Wake up.”

When he didn’t stir, didn’t squeeze her hand, her shoulders fell. The blood pressure cuff buzzed, filling with air. The tick of the machine working echoed in the room. A soft beep sounded from another monitor. Then it was quiet again. She placed her ear against his chest. It was faint, but she felt and heard his heartbeat. Thank God.

As the minutes passed and the silence in the room stretched out, she pulled up a chair and sat down next to the bed. Her loud thoughts were making it hard to stay positive, but she would. There was no other option. Morgan had to wake up, because the alternative would destroy her.





Chapter Seven



Sydney woke up with a start. Oh shit, my back. She stretched, cringing at the pain that shot down her spine. She’d spent a restless night in one of the quiet rooms after Kent forced her to get some sleep. He was lying next to her on an adjacent sofa snoring lightly, one arm covering his face. They’d spent a few hours reminiscing about good times with all of them before they couldn’t keep their eyes open any longer.

As hopeless as she’d felt the night before, the morning brought renewed hope. The nurse had informed them earlier that Morgan was breathing on his own, and the doctor felt they could remove the vent tube soon. She couldn’t put a finger on it, but she knew that Morgan would open his eyes today. It wasn’t the end. He would pull through. When she’d finally torn herself away from him last night, the color had started to come back into his face and he didn’t look so pale against the stark-white sheets.

She stood, bent low to touch her toes. Covering a yawn, she folded up the hard hospital blanket they’d given her and peeked at her phone—eight-thirty. Scrolling to her mother’s phone number, she put the phone to her ear and waited.

“Hello?” her mother answered, her voice groggy.

“Mom,” Syd said, still unable to believe that her mother even had Brynn. Red and Cali had offered to pick up her daughter on their way home, but when they’d called Mom, she’d simply told them to go home and rest. Then had promptly hung up on Red.

“Sydney?” her mother called. “Is everything all right?”

This nice, concerned version of Paula Williams was jarring, and it took Sydney seconds to collect herself before she replied, “Everything is fine. How is Brynn?”

Her daughter was almost a year old and had yet to spend any meaningful time with her grandmother. Actually, Syd had never even considered an overnight visit. It wasn’t like Brynn didn’t know Paula. It was quite the opposite. Red had taken it upon himself to make sure he took his niece over to see Mama Paula every chance he got. Which was good because if it had been left up to Syd, they wouldn’t know each other at all.

“Oh, she’s such a breath of fresh air, that girl,” her mother said. Syd could hear the creak of the bed, signaling Paula was moving around. She imagined her mother shuffling to the kitchen to make her necessary cup of coffee with three creams and three sugars. Syd remembered being so excited the first time her mother had let her make coffee. That excitement was short lived when she’d done something to set her mother off before she could even say, “Thank you for the cup of joe.”

“Is she asleep?” Syd asked.

“Yes, she went straight to sleep when I laid her down. They didn’t make these travel bassinets when you and Jared were babies. It would have certainly come in handy.”

When Cali had dropped Brynn and Corrine off, she’d stopped by Syd’s house on her way and picked up a few things for Brynn. That was why she was her best friend. The stress of the situation had Syd forgetting even the smallest things. But Cali had remembered.

“Yes, I love it,” she admitted to her mother. “It was the best gift ever.”

“How is Morgan?” her mother asked, concern in her voice.

Syd sucked in a deep breath, still in semi-shock from the nice and motherly Paula on the line. “I haven’t been in to see him this morning yet, but I’m feeling really good about this. I don’t know what it is.” Sydney shrugged. “I just have a peace about it.”

“Well, that means something, then. I’ve said my prayers and I believe it as well.”

Sydney frowned. The last time she’d heard her mother say she’d prayed about anything was when she’d admitted she’d prayed for their father to meet an early death. A ten-year-old Syd couldn’t even fathom the depth of her mother’s hatred for her father at the time.

“Mom,” Syd said, “thank you. I appreciate the way you’ve stepped up to help me. And the fact that you prayed for Morgan”—Syd swallowed, feeling the emotion build up inside of her—“really means so much to me.”

A small sniffle on the other end made Syd’s mouth fall open. The relationship between Syd and Paula had seemed to deteriorate after she’d split up with Den. Paula loved Den and had encouraged Sydney to take him back time and time again—no matter what he’d done. The argument that had ensued when she’d told her mother she was in love with Morgan and pregnant with his child was one for the record books, culminating in Syd walking out and vowing to never step foot in her house again.

It was Morgan who had gently told her to apologize for disrespecting Paula. He’d gone over to her mother’s house alone and had a conversation with her. When Syd asked what they’d talked about, he’d refused to tell her. Needless to say, she’d never had another fight with her mother about who she loved and chose to be with.

They didn’t speak for what seemed like forever, before her mother finally said, “I’ve made so many mistakes with you. Mostly from my constant need to control everything in my life. I haven’t been there like I should as a mother. I want to work on that.”

Tears fell unchecked then, and Syd glanced around the room, searching for a box of Kleenex.

“I want you to know that no matter what has happened between us in the past, I would never wish this pain on you, this uncertainty. I know how much you love Morgan. I’ve seen how much he cares for you. You deserve that kind of love in your life.”

“Mom,” Syd said, unable to see straight. She dabbed the corners of her eyes with the tissue. “Please, you don’t—”

“I’d like to take you to lunch when Morgan is up and better again,” her mother continued as if Syd hadn’t been speaking. “There is so much I want to say.”

Overcome with so many feelings at once, Syd choked out a sob. “Mother, please. I’m…I’m so happy that you had this epiphany and want to work on our relationship. But I’m a wreck right now.” She let out a little chuckle. “You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to hear you say these words, but right now it’s too much.”

Now this was the true test. Would her mother revert back to her old ways since Syd had basically stomped on her grand apology? The tick of the clock in the background seemed louder than usual as Syd waited for her mother’s response.

“Okay, Sydney,” her mother said finally, a solemn tone in her voice. “I understand. You’re right. It’s the wrong time to go into this. There’s so much water under the bridge between us. Honestly, I’m not sure how long it will take for us to mend our relationship, but I want to try. I’m sorry for everything I’ve done to make planning your wedding miserable. And…I love you.”

Sydney closed her eyes as relief washed over her and hope filled her insides. Christmastime was here and she’d received her first miracle of the season. Her next miracle was just down the hall.

“I love you, too,” Syd cried. “Bye, Mom.”

“Bye, baby.”

Once she hung up the phone, Sydney dropped it on the couch and cried into her hands, shaking from the weight of the conversation she’d just had with her mother and everything else going on. She let herself cry for a while, getting it all out.

When the tears subsided and her breathing righted, she peered down at Kent, shook him, and smacked his shoulder. “Kent,” she whispered. “I’m going to check on Morgan.”

“Are you done crying yet?” he grumbled, opening one eye and assessing her.

She wasn’t surprised that he’d been awake for the whole conversation. Kent was a light sleeper, could hear everything. He could see everything as well—even the tiniest detail that everyone else missed. She smiled, thinking about how he’d been the first one to discover that she and Morgan were more than friends. She often thought of him as Spider-Kent with “Spidey senses.”

“I’m done,” she mumbled. “It had to get out.”

A smile peeked out from beneath the arm still covering his face. “Good. I’ll be here when you get back. Tell my bruh that I’ll beat his ass if his doesn’t wake up soon.”

“Somehow I doubt you’d be able to beat anything with those bandaged hands,” she quipped.

“Ha-ha,” he murmured. “Syd.” His voice took on a serious tone. “I’m going to need you to plead, beg, grovel…whatever you have to do to get him to wake up. He’ll hear you. He only listens to you anyway.”

The pain in Kent’s voice made her heart swell against her chest. The brothers and Red had formed an unbreakable bond over the years. They’d supported each other through life’s worst and best times.

“He listens to you, too,” she told him, sitting down on the couch she’d slept on. “Kent, Morgan loves you. When we were in Baltimore, he spent an awful lot of time talking about how it was growing up in your house, how you made him feel at home after his parents went to jail.”

Kent sat up, rubbing a hand over his face. “Really?” he asked. “We never talk about that time.”

Morgan rarely talked about the transition between living in the turmoil of his parents’ home and moving to the Smiths’ home. He’d told her once that his life started when Mama wrapped her arms around him and walked him to his new bedroom.

“He’s told me some things about his past, mostly early memories of his mother and father. We rarely talk about the months leading up to his parents’ arrest. But one thing we have talked about is his love for you.”

Even though Den was his biological brother, their relationship had been strained in many ways. Den’s mental illness had prevented them from truly becoming close. Syd had often suspected there was more to Den’s story than either brother had ever shared. In fact, she was pretty sure there were many things Morgan didn’t know about Den. It was the nature of Den’s bipolar disorder.

“I know he missed you while we were away, but please don’t tell him I told you that.”

They shared a laugh. “I won’t. And don’t tell him I missed him, too,” he added in a whisper. “I have a man rep to protect.”

She fell back on the cushion in laughter, then sobered a little. “Is this okay, Kent?”

“What?” he asked.

“For us to be laughing like this, when he’s…”

“Syd, yes.” Kent rubbed his bald head, stood up, and stretched. “Morgan wouldn’t want it any other way. I know he’d want to hear your laughter. It’s one of the things he loves about you.”

Syd stilled, her eyes catching Kent’s above her. “Really? He told you that?”

Kent nodded, giving her a warm smile. “I’ve known him since we were five years old and I’ve never seen him the way he is around you and Brynn. I mean, I already loved you for my own reasons, for our own relationship, but Syd…watching you love him the way you do, the way he loves you, makes me proud. I’m so glad you found each other, that you’re happy.”

Syd felt a wobbly smile creep across her lips. “You’re going to make me cry again.”

“Oh, God, please don’t.” He pulled her to her feet and into a warm hug. “I hate when you cry. You and Allina tear me up with those tears.”

She giggled against his chest. “Allina is a G, Kent. She only cries when warranted.”

“Hey, I live with that woman. You haven’t seen a pregnant, crying Allina.”

They held each other for a few more minutes, rocking back and forth, before she looked up. “Kent? I’m so glad you’re here.”

“Where else would I be? That’s my brother in there, my best friend. He saved my life. I’m here until he wakes up and tells me to take my ass home.”

“I’m so glad you’re happy. I know Morgan is, too. He couldn’t stop smiling at your wedding. Allina told me about the baby’s name.”

He nodded, averting his gaze as he stepped away and folded the blanket on the couch. She watched him suck in his emotion.

“I think it’s wonderful,” she continued. “Owen Morgan Smith. It has a nice ring to it.”

He clutched the blanket in his hand before setting it down on the arm of the couch. He bowed his head and sucked in a deep breath, then let it out slowly. She swiped her hand across his back and wrapped her arm around his shoulder, hugging him tightly.

“It’s hard not to think about ‘what ifs,’ but I…I understand your need to protect me. I know you’re hurting, Kent. You’re my brother, too. If I can be here for you like you’ve always been there for me—even at a time like this—please let me.”

He turned to her, resting his chin on her head before he placed a brotherly kiss to her forehead. “I know,” he murmured. “I’m fine. I’ll walk with you down to his room. Okay?”

She nodded and let him lead her down the long hall. No words, just the sound of their feet clicking against the hard, white tile. They passed the nurses’ station and the charge nurse, Julie, greeted them with a smile.

“Good morning,” the small woman said. “I hope you were able to get some sleep. I just left him about twenty minutes ago. Vitals are good, and the vent tube will be removed shortly. He’s been breathing on his own for some time, and they’re confident it’s no longer needed. The doctor will be in on rounds within half an hour.”

They thanked Julie for her update and opened the door to the room. Preparing herself, she looked up at Kent and nodded for him to continue through the door. But when she walked through, she ran right into Kent’s back.

“Kent?” she asked, holding the bridge of her nose. “What…?”

She glanced at the bed, right into Morgan’s open eyes.





Chapter Eight



The last thing Morgan remembered was Sydney’s face, flashing through his mind. When he’d opened his eyes a few minutes earlier, he’d scanned the small, quiet room. Immediately, he knew he was in a hospital, but that’s it. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been there. He heard the nurses laughing and talking in the hallway and tried to say something, but nothing came out—most likely because of the breathing tube in his throat. Then everything went black again as sleep pulled him under—until Kent walked into the room, followed closely by Sydney.

Morgan wondered when her eyes became a beacon of light in his heart—one that glowed to his soul and urged him to fight for her always, basking in her warmth. When their eyes met, her hazel orbs had widened with surprise, then softened with love. It was short lived, though. Because then the same beautiful eyes that had calmed his stormy seas had rolled to the back of her head and his future wife fainted.

Catching her when she fell was something he’d always promised her, but today, that honor went to Kent. Morgan closed his eyes, happy that his brother had been standing there, or his fiancée would have possibly ended up in a bed in his room.

He squeezed his hands into fists, wincing when the IV in his wrist pulled. His brother was on it, though, scooping Sydney into his arms and walking her over to a chair and sitting her down. Then Kent hurried out of the room. It was a few seconds before a swarm of nurses and a few doctors herded into the small room, some crowding him and others tending to Sydney.

The mumbled words between the medical professionals went in one ear and out the other. His main concern was Sydney. He couldn’t see what was going on, but he noticed Kent standing next to Syd, his arms crossed as he watched the nurses.

“Mr. Smith,” he heard in his left ear. Blinking, he slowly lifted his arm, gesturing to the tube in his throat.

The doctor said something else, but all he could concentrate on was that damn foreign object in his throat. His eyes darted over to the corner where Kent still stood, looking down at Syd he presumed. Kent took a step back and Morgan heard Syd’s soft voice call his name. He closed his eyes as a wave of relief washed over him.

“You’re doing well,” the doctor announced. “We’re going to take this out now, Mr. Smith.”

Morgan nodded his reply slightly.

A few minutes later, she was standing above him, her eyes locked on his. “Morgan?” Syd croaked through her tears. She rubbed her thumb over his forehead, traced a line down his cheek. It was a subtle move, but so Sydney. And it felt like a balm over his body. “You’re back.”

Morgan wanted to reach out and touch her, tell her that he was back and that he loved her. Irritated, he motioned toward the tube coming from his mouth.

She smiled knowingly. “It’s okay. It won’t be there for long. I love you.”

He let sleep pull him back in at her soft admission.

Sometime later, the doctor called his name again, told him they were removing the tube and that it would hurt. He heard the nurse ask Syd if she wanted to stay or go because sometimes it’s painful to watch. His heart swelled with pride when Syd said she was staying right there. Kent had agreed, telling the nurse they were good.

Morgan assumed he was on heavy medication because he didn’t feel any pain as they removed the tube. For a second, though, he felt panic as they pulled the last part out. The throb in his throat afterward, however, made him groan in pain. The nurse was next to him, holding a cup with a straw, urging him to take a small sip of water. He did as he was told and dissolved into a fit of coughs, which seemed to tear at his insides. Groaning again, he sank into the mattress.

Syd was there, squeezing his hand, whispering in his ear that she wasn’t going anywhere and she would be with him until he was released.

“Syd,” he managed to say, his voice hoarse and rough. “I love you.”

* * *



Morgan awoke later and Mama was in the room with him. He glanced around the room, looking for Kent and Syd. How long was I asleep?

“Mama,” he mumbled.

Mama smiled, her eyes filling with tears. “Son, you’re awake.”

“What time is it?” he asked.

“It’s three-thirty. You’ve been asleep for a while. I made Syd and Kent go home to get a change of clothes.” His mother grabbed his hand and pressed her lips to his cheek. “We were all worried. The doctor said you were a fighter. With the large amount of blood loss, you could have died. But I told him…” A tear dropped onto his hand. “I told him my boy was a fighter, that he wouldn’t leave us.”

He chuckled, then coughed. Mama held up a cup with a straw for him to drink. He took a small sip and turned his head to signal he was done. Once she set the cup back on the bedside table, she turned to him.

“What day is it?”

“December twenty-second.” She rubbed the top of his hand like she used to do when he was young. “You are my Christmas miracle. Thank you for saving your brother’s life. He told me his back had been to the shooter. If he had been hit, he might not have made it.”

Morgan was grateful Kent was okay, that he walked away to fight again. And judging by the bandages he’d noticed on his brother’s hands earlier, his brother had fought someone already.

“I couldn’t die, Mama,” he told her. “I’m getting married in a few days.”

His mother laughed then, her eyes smiling. “Yes, you are. And I can’t wait.”

A sharp pain assaulted him and he frowned. “Me neither,” he said, shifting in the bed in an attempt to alleviate the pain.

“Are you in pain? Let me get the nurse,” Mama said, hurrying from the room.

* * *



Morgan opened his eyes and Red was standing next to the bed. Frowning, he asked, “Where’s Mama?”

Red grinned. “Hi to you, too.”

Confused, Morgan asked, “She went to get a nurse?”

“That was a while ago, bruh. Your mother is getting something to eat. I told her I’d sit with you.” Red pulled a chair next to the bed and sat down. “You gave us all a scare.”

“I heard,” Morgan said, struggling to keep his eyes open. “Where is Syd?”

“She’s on her way.”

Morgan eyed Red. “I need a favor.”

“What is it?” Red leaned forward, his elbows on his knees, eyes trained on Morgan.

“The wedding. I don’t want Syd to cancel it.” As far as Morgan was concerned, nothing had changed. He wanted to make Syd his wife before the New Year, no matter what.

Red grimaced, scratching the back of his neck. “I’m afraid that’s already a done deal. Syd told Cali to make those calls last night. By the time I woke up this morning, Cali had already made significant headway.”

Cursing, Morgan shook his head. “Why did she do that?”

“I’m assuming it had something to do with the fact that you almost died. Syd wanted to be able to concentrate on you, not a wedding.”

Morgan glared at his best friend. “I need to see Cali.”

“Man, I’m going to start taking your lack of excitement at seeing me personal.”

Morgan chuckled. “Fool, shut the hell up.”

Red barked out a laugh. “Because you’re laid up in the hospital, I’m going to forgive your asshole tendencies.”

Morgan shook his head, glad that Red wasn’t being all emotional and careful with his words. He was sure it was going to be a long road to recovery, but he was confident that he would walk out of the hospital strong. In the meantime, though, he needed to make some plans.

Closing his eyes, he groaned, “Thanks for being your normal fucked-up self.”

The sound of Red’s laughter echoed in his ears as sleep took over again.

* * *



“Morgan?”

Morgan slowly opened his eyes. Cali was standing next to him on one side of the bed. Allina was on the other.

“Hey.” He tried to sit up but couldn’t really move.

Cali’s hand on his shoulder stopped him. “It’s okay. Relax.”

Frowning, he asked, “Where’s Syd?”

“She was here all night with Kent,” Cali explained. “You don’t remember?”

He shook his head. He didn’t remember much. Vaguely he recalled hearing voices around him, but he’d been so tired. Opening his eyes seemed like a chore.

“Brynn wasn’t feeling too well,” Allina said, “so Syd went to pick her up from her mother’s house.”

Morgan’s mouth fell open. “Her mother’s house?”

Cali grinned. “Long story. But a good long story. Brynn spent the night at your future mother-in-law’s house.”

He wanted to hear exactly how Paula Williams ended up with his daughter. And an overnight visit to boot? Wow. Deciding he’d wait to hear it from Syd, he simply nodded in understanding.

Morgan scanned the room. It was different. Same drab walls but this one was a little bigger, with more room for seating. “Where am I?”

“You were transferred out of ICU,” Allina told him. “The doctors say you’re doing remarkably well.”

Morgan recalled the sensation of floating some time ago and realized that was when they were moving him. “What time is it?”

“Nine-thirty in the morning.”

In the morning. “What?”

“The doctors said you’d be pretty out of it. You slept through the night. Kent went to take care of some bar business.”

“How’s everything at the bar?”

Cali explained that Red, Kent, and Syd made an executive decision to close until after Christmas. Kent was overseeing the cleanup. They’d reopen for business on December 26. Morgan hated that they were losing business but wanted the team to do what they felt was best. Under the circumstances, he couldn’t blame them.

“Red said you wanted to see me?” Cali asked, sitting down on a vacant chair and crossing her legs.

“The wedding,” he said. “I want it to happen as soon as possible. Can you make it work?”

Cali glanced at him, scratching her temple. “Um…I canceled everything. According to Syd, you probably won’t get out of the hospital in time for the wedding.”

The wedding was set for December 30. Syd agreed with Morgan about not having the wedding on Christmas Day, but she’d wanted it to be as close to her favorite holiday as possible.

“Not next Friday. Tomorrow.”

Cali blinked. Allina gasped.

“What?” Cali asked, her brows raised. “Tomorrow?”

“This entire situation has taught me that life is too short to wait around for a day that may never come. If I have to die, I want to die married to my best friend. Can you please help me?”

“Oh my God,” Allina cried, tears streaming down her face. “Sorry,” she grumbled. “I’m emotional.”

Morgan smiled. “Trust me, I get it. I lived with Syd during her pregnancy.”

Allina choked, rubbing her face with a tissue. “Syd is going to kill us.”

“But we’ll do it,” Cali said. “We’ll make it work. No worries.”

“Don’t tell her, because she’ll talk you out of it,” he said.

“We won’t,” the ladies said in unison.

* * *



Morgan woke up the next morning to baby talk, giggles, and soft Christmas music. Brynn was jumping in Syd’s lap while Syd was blowing noises into her stomach. He smiled.

“Hey,” he murmured.

Syd’s face lit up when she looked over at him. “Hi, baby.” She stood and walked over to the bed. “See, Brynnie. Look, it’s your daddy.”

Brynn clapped with glee. “Dada.” She stuffed her tiny fist into her mouth, drool spurting out.

“Hey, baby girl,” Morgan said, reaching out to run a finger over his little one’s cheek.

Syd leaned down to him, brushing her lips across his softly. “You’ve been pretty out of it. How are you feeling?”

“Like time is slipping by.”

“Well, you needed the rest.” She smiled.

Morgan eyed the miniature Christmas tree on the window sill, with a few small gifts underneath. Syd handed Brynn a small ornament and guided her little hands to hang it on one of the branches.

“What’s all this?” he asked.

“I couldn’t take the drab décor. White walls are not what’s up. So I brought Christmas to your room. It’s not what we had planned for Brynn’s first Christmas, but it’s okay. As long as we’re together, right?”

“Right,” he agreed. “I love you.”

She winked at him. “I love you more.” Syd rubbed Brynn’s nose with her own. “And I love you, too,” she told their daughter in a cute little growl which sent Brynn into a fit of giggles.

The room descended into silence while Syd worked on the tree. As Morgan watched his girls, he couldn’t help but think about how different this Christmas could have been had the bullet moved just a little to the left or right. Instead of decorating his hospital room, Syd could have been preparing for his funeral. He had so much to be thankful for, and he didn’t want to waste any more time.

“I talked to your bosses and they send their regards,” Syd continued, breaking him from his thoughts. “Paul wants to come by and check on you.” She bounced a restless Brynn in her arms.

“Thanks.” He let his gaze wander over her, like it would be the last time he looked at her. She was wearing a pile of messy curls on her head, yoga pants, and a long-sleeved T-shirt. Perfect.

“I want to marry you,” he blurted out.

She stopped midbounce, her gaze locking on his. “What?”

“Today.”

Her eyes softened. “Morgan, you can’t…we can’t.”

“We can. Will you marry me? Today?”





Chapter Nine



Will you marry me? Today?

The words were still ringing in Sydney’s head as she stared at Morgan. Brynn bounced in her arm and Sydney blinked to clear her mind. Married? Today?

“Sydney, I don’t want to wait.” He held his hand out and she slipped her hand into his. “There is never going to be a perfect time or perfect place. But we have right now.”

Sydney swallowed rapidly, held her breath.

“The one thing I’m reminded,” he continued, “is that my life is nothing without you. When I was shot, you and Brynn were the people on my mind. Your face was the last thing I saw before everything went black.”

Sydney opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out.

“I woke up with you on my mind. Actually, you’re on my mind all the time. I can’t get you out of my head.”

“Morgan,” she breathed. “I’m not going anywhere. But—”

“I know you’re not going anywhere, but what if something had happened to me?”

She gasped. “Don’t say that.”

“It’s true. I could have died. You wouldn’t have been my wife.”

Morgan was practical. He’d always been the one who’d look at all sides of the situation. Truth was, Syd had never thought about what would have happened if Morgan had died. Not regarding finances or any sort of claim to his things. The only thing she’d thought about was the fact that he wouldn’t be there; he wouldn’t be hers. That was all that mattered to her.

“You know by now there is no one else I’d rather spend my time, my life with. If I could, I would wrap up all your dreams and give them to you on a silver platter. I never dreamed much when I was younger, but I can believe in your dreams.”

Oh God, he was killing her—slowly and softly. His words flowed through her body, attaching themselves on every surface, every vein, every muscle.

“I love you. I’m not going to be satisfied if we have to wait any longer. So marry me. Today. Right now.”

Bawling like a baby now, Syd rested her forehead on Brynn’s shoulder, ignoring the sting of her baby girl pulling at her hair.

“Sydney, please.” He squeezed her hand. “Let’s not overthink this. We don’t need the pomp and circumstance; we don’t need the audience. All we need is this. Us.”

There was essentially nothing he’d said that wasn’t true. There was no need to go through all the worry of a formal ceremony. Which is why she’d had Cali cancel everything. Who she needed was staring at her, pleading with her to just take that final step with him. Who she needed was placing tiny, wet kisses on her cheeks and making gurgling baby noises.

In her mind, she’d given up on the idea of a wedding, figuring it just wasn’t in the cards for her. And that was okay. They did have everything they needed. They weren’t hurting for anything. All that was next was the ceremony, saying the words before God.

“Morgan, are you sure?” she asked, swallowing a lump in her throat. “You just woke up. You haven’t even walked yet. Maybe you should rest a little more. I’ll be here when you get out. I promise we’ll get married as soon as you’re out of here.”

“What’s wrong with now?” he insisted, shaking his head. “We don’t have to answer to anybody but ourselves.”

She glanced at him, caught his gaze. “I don’t care what anyone thinks about what we do or don’t do. I’m only concerned with your well-being, with your health. Ouch.” She grabbed Brynn’s fist and pried her hair from her grip. “You’ve been through a trauma. You almost died. I understand why you feel like you need to make this move, but I want you to know that you don’t have to rush this.”

It felt wrong to say that to him, but she didn’t want him to make a drastic decision. Yes, they’d planned to get married the next week. Yes, he’d been through a terrible ordeal. No, they didn’t have to get married for her to know that he was the one she wanted to be with.

“I told you I would marry you on any day of the week,” he reminded her, swallowing visibly. “I know it has been your dream to get married in a church, surrounded by your family. You spent thousands on the details, and you’ve been looking forward to trying on your dress. But I think you’re perfect just like that.”

“No.” She leaned in and kissed him. “No, it’s not like that.”

Sydney once shared with Morgan that her dream was to have her father walk her down the aisle in a church ceremony. Since she’d become an adult, though, she figured it’s not about the wedding but the marriage. All the drama, the bling, the flowers were nothing if she wasn’t marrying a man who’d respect, honor, and cherish her forever.

“I told you why,” she argued. “Your body needs to heal. I almost lost you the other day. I don’t want to take any chances with your health, Morgan. You have to know that.”

“I didn’t plan on entering the New Year with you as my fiancée,” he told her. “I had planned on ringing in 2017 with you as my wife.”

“You’ve thought about this, huh?” she said, unable to help the smile that tugged at her lips. The fact that he’d asked melted her heart. “I guess there’s nothing really left to say.”

“Right.”

“Well, if the doctor says its okay, then I’ll marry you. Today.”

* * *



It wasn’t a lavish four-star hotel or an exclusive resort or even a banquet hall. It was her, her family, and her friends in a hospital chapel. Rocking her favorite pair of yoga pants, an old T-shirt, and UGGs, Syd stood at the entrance to the hospital chapel. She had a messy mound of curls on the top of her head, and the only makeup she wore was the lip gloss she had in her purse.

It was the best day of her life. She was going to marry her best friend, her love.

“Are you ready?” Allina said, tears filling her eyes. “I’m so happy for you.”

“Girl, stop crying,” Cali said, her eyes looking suspiciously wet. “This is a good thing.”

Syd glanced from Allina to Cali, then back to Allina. “I look a hot-ass mess.”

“But you’re his hot-ass mess,” Cali said, pulling Syd into a quick hug.

“Thanks for putting this together,” Syd said to both of them.

Cali shrugged. “Girl, bye! This is what I do, what we do,” she corrected, motioning back and forth between her and Allina. “Now, please focus on Morgan at the end of the aisle and everything else will melt away.”

Red opened the chapel door and smiled at Syd. “You look—”

“Don’t try it,” Syd warned, pointing her finger at her twin brother. “I only want to hear good things.”

He feigned innocence. “What? I was going to tell you that you look beautiful. And we’re ready to start.”

Red had agreed to give her away in her father’s absence. With all the changes, her father couldn’t switch his flight, but he’d given his blessing to go forth without him. Her mother had actually agreed to video-conference him in so that he could see the wedding. The fact that her mother had offered to do something nice for her father made Syd happy.

She wasn’t fooled into thinking everything would be great between her and her mother, but the strides Paula was making in their relationship touched her heart, made her want to try.

Sydney grinned up at her brother. “I’m ready.” Turning to her girls, she nodded.

Cali swung the door open, and she and Allina walked down the aisle and stood at the front.

When she saw Morgan, she swayed on her feet.

“Are you okay?” Red whispered.

Syd met Morgan’s gaze across the room. She wasn’t sure what she’d expected, but Morgan sitting in a wheelchair, a suit jacket on top of his hospital gown wasn’t anything she’d expected. Even in the pale blue gown and his Nike slides, he was still the most handsome man she’d ever laid eyes on.

“I’m perfect,” she answered.

After she’d agreed to marry him if the doctor said it was okay, he’d pressed the call button. When the nurse had arrived, he’d immediately asked permission.

The doctor had given him one stipulation. They could get married, if Morgan could successfully get out of the bed and take a few steps. Of course, once Morgan put his mind to something, he’d do it. It only took minutes for Morgan to stand up, with a nurse’s assistance. He took a few steps at first but then shuffled out of the room and back, hanging on to Syd and the excited nurse.

That same nurse, by the way, was sitting in the chapel with a wide grin on her face—along with the tech and the resident. Everyone loves a good romance, she thought.

Glancing around the space, she couldn’t believe it was finally happening. That morning, she woke up as Sydney Williams. In less than an hour, she’d be Mrs. Morgan Smith. Cali had arranged everything, from the flowers to the soft music playing inside the small chapel. Decorations were minimal, but the gorgeous wine, gold, and cream colors set the space off. The runner was lined with rose petals and the lights were dim.

Morgan smiled at her, beckoning her forward with the crook of his forefinger. As if her body had a mind of its own, she moved toward him.

It was hard to believe that just a short while ago, Morgan was fighting for his life. In front of her was a man on a mission, and she was his prize. No matter what she’d said, he wouldn’t be deterred. Little did he know she’d have done anything he asked. Maybe not right away—she still had to stand her ground—but eventually.

Kent stood next to Morgan at the end of the aisle, a smile plastered on his face. Her mother sat in the first pew, next to Corrine. Mama sat on the other side, holding a loud, restless Brynn. When she reached Morgan, he stood up and grabbed her hand. Syd couldn’t help the worry that rushed through her as he stood, but the look in his eyes made her keep her thoughts to herself.

He brought her palm up to his lips and mouthed I love you.

As her uncle started the short program, she stared into Morgan’s eyes. Every word read meant something to her. She’d honor him for the rest of her days and told him so as she recited her vows.

Soon, her uncle proclaimed them “man and wife” and commanded Morgan to kiss his bride. Morgan did as he was told, cupped her face in his hands, and pulled her in to an achingly sweet kiss—one chaste enough to be appropriate for a chapel and heated enough for her to wish he wasn’t spending the night in a hospital bed.

The audience cheered, clapping with glee. All of them genuinely happy for them.

The service wasn’t long and drawn out. It was short and straight to the point. Morgan sat back down in his wheelchair and they greeted everyone in the room with a hug. After a few more minutes in the chapel, they said their goodbyes. Brynn was spending the night with Allina and Kent, so they gave their little girl lots of kisses before she left.

Morgan and Syd returned to his hospital room, which had affectionately been dubbed the Honeymoon Suite for the night. It was a bit of a struggle for Morgan to climb back into bed, but he’d done so without much complaining.

“Come here,” he said once he got comfortable in the bed. He held his arms open.

Sydney wasn’t so sure it was a good idea to climb into bed with him. “Are you sure? I don’t want to hurt you.”

He rolled his eyes. “I’m fine. I just want to hold you.”

She climbed in beside him, on his right side, and placed her hand above his heart, loving the way the pounding felt under her palm. “I can’t believe we’re married,” she said.

“I can. Soon as I get out of here, I’ll take you away so that we can have a proper honeymoon.”

She lifted her head, caught his gaze. “This is perfect. You’re here, you’re alive, and you’re mine.”

“I love you so much,” he murmured as he placed a kiss to her brow, then her nose, and finally her mouth. “I’ll love you for the rest of our lives.”

Sydney felt his declaration in her soul. Resting her head on his shoulder, she entwined her hand with his, thankful for their many blessings. “I love you, too.”





Epilogue



Three months later

Brynn is asleep,” Sydney said, climbing into bed.

Syd had spent the last ten minutes on the phone with Morgan’s mother, checking on their daughter. Morgan had arranged for Brynn to spend the night with Mama so he could be with Syd without interruption.

Morgan rolled over, wrapping his arms around her from behind. He’d been in a perpetual state of arousal since the doctor had given him a thumbs-up for sex. It had been a long, hard three months, after all.

“About time that little busy bee went to sleep,” he said, kissing up along Sydney’s neck to her ear. “She’s been awake all day. Doesn’t she know I got the okay to make love to my wife?”

His wife. That had a nice ring to it. They’d barely made it out of the hospital before they’d heated up in his truck. He’d wanted her right then, but his dick wasn’t cooperating. It was something that had never happened before and he was humiliated. But Syd was so understanding, she’d given a special oral treat while he drove home from the hospital. Even then he was still concerned because he’d come so fast, he was embarrassed.

As if that wasn’t bad, Cali had thrown a huge wrench into his big, romantic evening when she’d called and asked them to meet her and Red at the courthouse. His best friend had finally forced Cali to set the date. Today was it.

Now they were alone. The mood was set—the glow of candles bathed her in warm light and smooth jazz played on the stereo. She was naked, and he was…nervous? What if he couldn’t finish the job?

He’d thought about the moment he could finally consummate his marriage since their wedding night. A hard hospital bed, IVs, and an activity restriction were hardly conducive to romance. Then there was the pain he’d been in. Their wedding night wasn’t the hot, passionate lovemaking he’d envisioned and promised, but it felt good just to have her near him, to know that she was his wife. Finally.

“Where are you?” she asked softly. “Come back to me.”

He hugged her tighter, kissed her on her pulse point. “I’m here. Just thinking about everything that’s happened.”

When they’d finally made it home earlier, they’d shared an intimate dinner. She’d treated him to a striptease and lap dance and had been naked ever since. Which was pretty awesome. He’d had his fill of her flushed skin, hips, and ass. He wanted to bury himself deep inside her warmth.

“Can you believe that wedding?” Syd asked, burrowing into him.

He kissed her jaw. “Yes. Can’t you?”

They shared a laugh, obviously both thinking about the events of the day. Once they’d arrived at the 22nd District Court, Red had explained that he and Cali had decided to get their marriage license so they could just get married. They had planned on telling everyone ahead of time, but that morning Corrine had busted in on them doing it and bombarded them with questions about when they were going to get married.

From there, Cali had looked at Red and told him, “Let’s do it.” So they did.

“I’m happy for them,” Syd said, a wistful look in her eyes. “We all found our one—in our best friends. Isn’t that something?”

“It’s something all right.” He pulled at her nipples, loving the way they hardened into tight pebbles. “Any regrets?”

“No,” she said with a wink. “How about you?”

He shook his head. “Definitely not. I keep telling you, you’re made for me.”

“You’re so corny now.”

He squeezed her tight. “I’m corny, huh?”

Syd giggled, turned her face toward him, and pulled him into a kiss. She tasted like the milk chocolate and caramel she’d treated herself to a few minutes earlier. “Yes, but I love it,” she said against his mouth.

And I love this.

They fell back into an intense kiss. Groaning, he swept a hand up her side and cupped her breast.

“Mmm,” he murmured against her skin as he nipped at her throat, her neck, her shoulder, then back up to her lips. “You taste good.”

“You too,” she purred, arching her back, pushing her ass into his growing length.

Aside from the surprise wedding earlier, the last few months had been a whirlwind for their family. Kent and Allina welcomed Owen Morgan Smith a month and a half earlier. Morgan smiled, remembering how frantic Kent had been. The fellas had been out when Kent got the call from Syd to come straight to the hospital. Of course, their trip to the hospital was fraught with craziness, starting with Kent realizing he’d locked his car keys in his desk drawer.

It had taken Kent two minutes and an axe to get the drawer open, so they could hurry to the hospital. Allina’s labor had progressed so quickly, she’d almost had the baby on the gurney before she made it to the labor and delivery room. Luckily they’d made it just in the nick of time.

“When are you going to make a move, Mr. Smith?” Syd asked, jarring him from his memory. She arched a brow at him over her shoulder. “You scared?”

He chuckled. “Hell no.” He pushed his hardening length into her, slid it over her clit. She purred in response, and every bit of nervousness he’d felt earlier disappeared. Everything seemed to be working just fine. Yes! I’m back. “But it’s been three months, so maybe you should be?”

She placed a kiss to his temple as he slid a hand down her stomach and straight to her core. Gasping, she sucked his bottom lip into her mouth, moaning as his finger slid over her bundle of nerves.

Morgan groaned at the feel of her wet skin beneath his fingertips. “Always so ready for me.”

“No more talk,” she grumbled, her words coming out in soft, breathy pants. “Faster.”

Her soft pleas egged him on, and he slipped two fingers inside of her, closing his eyes when she let out a soft cry. Morgan leaned his forehead against her shoulder as he worked her, enjoying the way she rocked into his fingers. It didn’t take long for her to constrict around him. She opened her mouth in a silent cry as her orgasm claimed her.

Over the last few months, there had been a lot of heavy petting and creative methods of satisfying one another. He’d enjoyed every minute of their foreplay and the intimacy that grew as a result of it. He’d called it “foreplay” because they hadn’t been able to go all the way, so everything had seemed like a teaser of sorts.

Sydney had mastered the art of a hand job and she’d already been a whiz at the oral, but nothing compared to being inside her. He paused, his dick at her entrance. She pushed back against him, trying to pull him into her heat. But he held still, clenching his teeth.

“Morgan,” she whispered. “Please.”

Caressing her face, he turned her neck and pulled her into a kiss. As they kissed, he slid in. He took a minute to just stay there, inside her. He wanted her to feel every inch of him, but more than that, he wanted to hold on to the moment.

He slowly pulled out before pushing back in even slower. They made love like that for minutes—deliberate, exploring strokes. He bit down on her shoulder when she wiggled her ass into him, whispering for him to pick up the pace, for him to give it to her.

Damn. It was good. Real good. And as much as he wanted to draw it out, he couldn’t help but pick up his pace, pounding into her from behind—just the way she liked it. Hard and fast.

Sweat dripped from his brow as they raced toward their climax, each of them giving and taking in equal measure. Her soft mewls of pleasure sounded like music to his ears. The way she whispered in his ear, urged him to go deeper, harder, unraveled the tiny thread of control he’d been holding on to.

Morgan felt his orgasm building in his spine. He wasn’t going to last, but he refused to go without her. He pressed his thumb against her, rubbing it against her clitoris.

“Come. For. Me,” he commanded gruffly. “Let. Go. Now.”

Then she stilled, coming with a long, loud scream. He held her against him, his arms wrapped around her body. Seconds later, his orgasm slammed into him with a force that took his breath away.

He panted, trying to catch his breath, his forehead against her hair, taking in the fresh scent of her shampoo. He hadn’t expected making love to her would take so much out of him, but it was worth every minute, every pang in his side, to be with her like this.

“You’re okay,” she whispered, pulling his arms tighter around her and kissing his knuckles. “Everything is okay. You’re back.”

He froze, then barked out a laugh. She always seemed to know what was on his mind. Placing a kiss to the back of her neck, he murmured, “I never want to stop making love to you.”

She giggled and turned around to face him, planting a kiss to his brow. “I never want you to stop making love to me. Let’s do this forever.”

Smiling, he brushed his lips against hers again. Then again, before deepening the kiss. “Forever sounds nice.”





About the Author




Born and raised in southeast Michigan near Ann Arbor, Elle Wright learned the importance of reading from her mother. It was also her mother who, later on in her life, gave Elle her first romance novel: Indigo by Beverly Jenkins. From that moment on, Elle became a fan of Ms. Jenkins for life and a lover of all things romance. An old journal she wrote back in college became her first book (which she still wants to publish one day).

Learn more at:

ElleWright.com

Twitter, @LWrightAuthor

Facebook.com/LWrightAuthor





To see how Morgan and Sydney’s story began, see the next page for an excerpt from


THE FORBIDDEN MAN


Available now





Chapter One



Don’t move.”

Sydney Williams glanced at her watch. “Allina, I have to go. I’m meeting Den in thirty minutes.” In a few short months, Syd was finally going to marry her longtime love, Caden Smith, affectionately known as Den.

Sydney flinched when she received a playful whack on the behind.

“I told you to be still. I’m almost finished. There. You can turn around.”

Sydney sucked in a deep breath then turned and looked at her reflection. The white silk, floor-length gown fit her perfectly. Smoothing a hand over her hip, she eyed the tiny crystals adorning the plunging neckline. It was simple, understated—exactly how she wanted it.

“What do you think?” Allina said, biting her thumbnail as she stepped back. “I think it looks much better with your hair up.”

“It’s beautiful. Den’s going to love it.” Sydney ignored the look her friend gave her and the quick rolling of her brown eyes. Sighing, she took one last glance at herself, turned around, and raised her arms. Allina unzipped her and she rushed into the fitting room. “I appreciate this, girlfriend. You’re truly gifted,” she told her from behind the curtain.

Tossing the gown over the door for her friend, she dressed. When she was finished, she slipped into her sandals and pulled the curtain open. Allina was zipping up the garment bag.

“I’m ready to invest when you’re ready to go out on your own,” Sydney said, rummaging through her purse. “It’s time.”

“It’ll be ready for you Friday after five o’clock,” Allina said, changing the subject. She tucked a stray braid that had fallen out into her neat bun.

Before Sydney could go into the countless reasons why it was better for Allina to venture out and open her own boutique, her cell phone vibrated. Muttering a curse, she shook her bag and felt around for the cell phone. Sighing heavily, she grabbed a hold of it and pulled it out. After a quick glance at the anonymous number, she was tempted to ignore the call—except she was planning a wedding and it could be someone calling to confirm something.

Grumbling a curse, she answered, “This is Sydney.”

“I wasn’t sure you’d answer.” The nasal-toned voice of her fiancé’s ex-booty call, Laney, immediately put Sydney in a bad mood.

“Can’t make the right choice all the time. Why the hell are you calling me?” Syd snapped.

“I just thought you’d want to know—”

“And how did you get my number?” She dropped her purse on the chair.

Curiosity prevented her from hanging up on the other woman. It was no secret she couldn’t stand Laney, but she couldn’t help but wonder why she was calling her. “Look, I’m doing you a favor,” Laney said. “The least you can do is treat me with some respect.”

Syd’s interest turned to dread at Laney’s snide tone. The last “favor” from Laney had almost destroyed her relationship with Den. It took months to get over the fact that he’d cheated on her while she was away at graduate school. She gripped her phone. “Laney, what the hell do you want?”

Allina, who’d just returned from the back, stopped in her tracks at the mention of that name.

Placing a hand over the receiver, Syd mouthed to her friend, “I’m fine. Go ahead and finish what you were doing.”

Allina didn’t look convinced, but walked away anyway, glancing back as she headed toward the counter.

“I’ll just cut to the chase,” Laney sneered.

“Please do.” Something told Syd to have a seat, but she remained on her feet. Although the other woman couldn’t see her, she didn’t want to give even the slightest impression that she was affected by anything Laney had to say. “I don’t have all day.”

“If you think you’re going to be happy with Den, you’re fooling yourself.”

“What do you know about it?” Sydney asked with a snicker.

“Everything. I know that Den has been lying to you for months. He told you that you could trust him. That he’d never hurt you again. That he wanted to start fresh, confess everything…the random woman at a bar story…then he realized that he couldn’t live without you…couldn’t wait to make you his wife.”

Syd felt sick to her stomach as Laney droned on. The fact that this woman knew all of her business wasn’t the worst part. It was what she feared was coming next that was giving her fits.

“Sydney, did you hear me?” Laney called through the receiver.

She swallowed, then cleared her throat. “Just say what you need to say and stop wasting my time with this shit, Laney.”

“And I’ll bet you believed him, too.” Laney laughed, and the sound made Syd’s skin crawl. “The thing is, he may be ready to make you his wife, but he surely can’t keep that promise of never hurting you again, because I was the woman at the bar and it definitely wasn’t a random hook-up. We’ve been seeing each other for months now—at your house, in your bed.”

Closing her eyes, Syd barely flinched when the phone landed on her toes, then the carpeted floor, with a thump.

Allina rushed over to her. “What’s going on?”

“Oh God,” Syd cried. “This can’t be happening.”

She vaguely felt Allina nudging her, heard her begging her to say something, anything. It seemed like everything was happening in slow motion. Over the last eight months, she’d spent thousands on the details, the plans, the invitations…Oh God, her family was coming. They’d purchased tickets and paid for hotel rooms. What would they think of her? How would she face them?

“Sydney!” Allina yelled, shaking her out of her thoughts. “What’s wrong?”

Syd wouldn’t bother calling Den to confirm Laney’s story. In her heart, she knew the other woman was telling the truth. She was sure it had happened just the way Laney described. And it wasn’t because Laney was such a truth teller. It was only because Den had lied to her more times than she cared to admit, more times than she ever told anyone. He’d promised her he was a changed man, but she knew change didn’t come easy to Den. She wanted to drive to his job and embarrass him in front of his employees, demand that he explain himself, order him to do something—anything—to make this seem less real, less devastating. Would there be anything he could say to justify this? Wasn’t it her fault for believing the lies, taking him back, and choosing to never hold him accountable every single time he’d hurt her? Yet, even as her heart seemed to split open and the pain crept into her bones, she couldn’t muster up any blame for the man that she loved. No, there was no one to blame but herself.

Blinking, Sydney zeroed in on her phone lying on the floor and picked it up. She didn’t bother checking to see if Laney was still on the line. She turned it off and tossed it into her purse.

What the hell am I going to do now?

“Do me a favor?” she asked Allina, grabbing her keys and heading toward the door. “Call Calisa. Tell her to cancel…everything.”

“Wait,” Allina called to her before she opened the door. “Don’t just leave like this. Something happened. You’re upset and crying. You can’t drive like this.” She walked over and took Sydney’s purse from her hand. “Come on. I’m closing up. Keep me company?”

Sydney wiped her eyes angrily then plopped down on an empty chair. “Allina, I know you have an event this evening. You don’t have to stay with me.”

“I have a few hours.” Allina sat down next to her and squeezed her hand. “I’m here for whatever you need, okay?”

“I need a drink.” She pulled some tissue from a dispenser and blew her nose.

“I have some wine in the back,” Allina offered. “We keep it for bridal parties.”

“Bring it out and let me wallow.”

“Syd, what happened?” her friend asked again, concern in her brown eyes. She ran her hand over Syd’s back.

“He cheated on me,” Syd said on a sigh. “Again. With her. Again.”

Allina shook her head, disgust playing on her features. “That fucking…piece of shit.”

Syd knew that her friend didn’t care for Den. It’d been painfully obvious for months. Hell, it’d been years since she’d heard Allina curse, and she’d said “fucking” and “shit” in the same sentence. But Lina wasn’t the type to voice her opinion about someone else’s relationship. Never had been. She’d always supported Sydney’s decisions even if she didn’t agree with them.

“You don’t have to say it, Lina. I already know you hate him.”

Allina sighed heavily, but continued to focus on the end-of-the-night receipts.

The silence from her friend did nothing but heighten her anxiety, and she realized she wanted—no; needed—to hear her thoughts. Exasperated, she told her, “Fine. Say it.”

“What’s there to say?” Allina shrugged. “He’s an ass, but you already knew that.”

Ouch. Allina always did have a way of making things very plain. So plain it irked the hell out of her.

“He hurt you again,” Allina continued. “I can’t say I’m surprised, but I do think it’s better that you found out now instead of after you married him.”

Syd grabbed hold of Allina’s wrist. “Please don’t say anything, not even to Kent,” Syd begged.

Syd had tried to play matchmaker for Allina and Den’s brother Kent for years. But the stubborn duo had refused to see the potential in one another that she had. Instead of dating, they were firmly in the “we’re just good friends” camp.

“I never do,” Allina smiled slightly and patted her hand.

Releasing her hold, Syd stood up and pulled on her shirt. “Where the hell is that wine?”

Allina disappeared into the back of the store and emerged a few minutes later with a bottle of Red Moscato, Syd’s favorite. Pouring it into a cup, she held it out to her.

Instead of taking the cup Syd grabbed the bottle, and put it to her lips.

“Allina?” Syd belched and muttered, “Excuse me.”

“Yeah?”

“What am I going to do?” Syd felt like she was going to choke on her tears. It was hard to even think straight. She had no clue where to start. “How am I going to tell everyone? My dad, Red…” Gulping down more of the wine, she covered her mouth when another burp escaped. “Oh God, Red is going to kill him.”

Syd knew her twin brother Jared, or Red as they called him, wasn’t Den’s biggest fan. He’d always felt that Den didn’t appreciate her and took her for granted. Every chance he got, he told her that Den didn’t deserve her loyalty.

“Red is going to be fine, Syd. He’s an attorney. He knows how to keep his cool.”

“It’s really my fault,” she confessed. “I shouldn’t have taken him back again. I knew he wasn’t ready. When he proposed, I knew it wasn’t right. He did it during my lunch hour, for Christ’s sake. Who does that?”

The quick, unromantic proposal had been the talk for weeks within their small circle of friends. Even Den’s brothers thought the approach was rather trifling and had told him so countless times. Syd, on the other hand, made excuses for Den: it was romantic to her, they hadn’t been able to schedule a dinner, or it was always her dream to get proposed to in an ordinary way. That last excuse was kind of true. She did envision a proposal during a random weeknight dinner or during their favorite television show. Sitting in the drive-through at Mickey D’s? Yeah, somehow that didn’t make the cut, but she was happy and couldn’t wait to become Den’s wife.

Allina scratched her head and peered up at the ceiling.

“Allina, I know you have something to say. You always hold back. It’s the reason why you never told Kent that you have feelings for him that go beyond just friends, or why you don’t have your own shop. You’re a kick-ass seamstress, with a good business sense. But you never speak your mind, say how you really feel about stuff.”

“Maybe it’s not my place,” Allina said, her pale cheeks now a dark shade of crimson. “And you promised never to say anything out loud about Kent and my true feelings for him.”

Syd smiled. “I’m sorry. I did promise, didn’t I? Kent would be lucky to have your tall ass on his arm. You’re so beautiful. Just wish you’d realize it.” When Allina didn’t respond, Syd finished off the bottle and set it on a table nearby. Her friend was modest as this day from hell was long, so it was no use ever paying her a compliment. “You have another one of these?” she asked after a few minutes of silence.

Allina glanced at her before heading to the back. Syd couldn’t be sure, but she swore she saw it on Allina’s face…pity. Her friend thought she was pitiful. Maybe she was.

When Allina returned, Syd reached out to grab the bottle. But Allina held it back. “Syd, maybe you should slow down. You still have to drive.”

“I’ll slow down when you tell me what you’re really thinking.”

Sighing heavily, Allina sat down. “Okay. I just think you deserve better. Den is okay, charming, funny, and attentive when he wants to be. I don’t think any of us doubts that he loves you. But love and respect are two different things and one or the other isn’t enough to sustain a relationship on its own. He’s hurt you so much…Sometimes it’s better to let it go than to keep trying when a relationship isn’t working.”

“I love him.” Her words sounded hollow even to Syd’s own ears. Allina hadn’t told her anything that she hadn’t already thought herself over the past few months.

“I know you do, sweetie. But Den has issues. You said yourself that sometimes you feel like you can’t even leave him alone because you’re so worried he won’t take his meds, or he won’t make it without you. In the meantime, it’s like you’re willing to accept everything he throws at you.”

Den’s bipolar disorder had wreaked havoc in the lives of those closest to him, especially her and his other brother, Morgan. He had a habit of not taking his meds when he was busy. A part of him always wanted to test the limits, see if he could do without the Lithium.

“You don’t understand,” Syd told her. “He needs me. And I owe him.”

“You don’t, Syd.” Tears gathered in Allina’s eyes and she turned away to wipe them. “I just wish you’d realize that and maybe take this as an opportunity to start fresh.”

“Start where?” Syd dropped her gaze to the floor. “I’ve been with him so long I don’t even remember life without him.”

“But you’ve also sacrificed so much for him and the relationship. You’ve made excuses for his behavior, blamed everything on his disease. What if he’s just being himself? Ask yourself why he cheated on you with her in the first place.”

Syd had asked herself that question so many times. “I wasn’t here. I moved out of the state. How could I expect him to be faithful when I wasn’t sure I was coming back?” It was the blanket answer she’d repeated to herself so often she believed it.

“You moved to go to graduate school,” Allina said, obviously not accepting the bland excuse. “You went to help your sick father.”

“Still, we didn’t make any promises when I left,” she insisted, even as she realized her defense of Den was more out of habit. The fact was, Den hadn’t proven himself worthy of her loyalty in a long time. Just like her brother said.

“Well, you’re back now.” Allina picked up a safety pin off the floor and tossed a used tissue into a small waste bin. “It’s been years and it seems that you’re in this perpetual state of cleaning up behind him.”

There it was again. The cold, hard truth. And she couldn’t deny it any longer.

“He made a promise when he proposed to you, Syd,” Allina continued. “He broke it. You have to decide if you’re going to keep accepting that, because you know he’s not going to take responsibility for his actions. It’s always someone else’s fault.”

Allina was right. She had given Den more than enough chances and she was tired. The relationship was beyond repair at this point. And even if it wasn’t, she wasn’t sure she’d want to fix it. As much as she loved him, she had to face the fact that it just wasn’t going to work, and he wasn’t healthy for her. The wedding was off.

* * *



Morgan tapped on the door to the small storefront, then pressed the bell. He’d rushed over when he’d received Allina’s call begging him to come and pick Syd up. She’d spouted something about heartbreak, wine, and weddings, so he dropped everything and raced there. As he waited, he wondered what he’d find when the door opened.

Allina opened the door. “I’m so glad you came.”

“What’s going on?” he asked, ducking under the low-hanging bell and stepping into the shop. He heard the radio blasting Destiny’s Child and what sounded like…singing, loud and off-key.

“I tried to take the bottle away from her, but she’s in a mood,” Allina told him. “I would stay but I have an event. I tried to call Red, but he’s not answering. Calisa didn’t pick up either. I even tried Kent. So you’re it.”

“Where the hell is Den?” Morgan muttered, shaking his head and running a hand over his face. He cringed when Syd hit an awkward high note. “You still haven’t told me what’s going on, Allina.”

She sighed. “That’s…not an option. I’m sorry if I interrupted your evening, but I didn’t know who else to call. I’d tell you what happened, but I promised I wouldn’t.”

He muttered a curse under his breath. “Where is she?”

“Back there,” she answered, pointing to one of the private bridal rooms in the rear of the store.

Morgan followed her toward the music. Although Allina hadn’t technically spilled the beans, he’d already guessed that his brother was the reason Syd was belting out through-with-love songs at the top of her lungs. Obviously, Syd was in no condition to drive. And he wanted to throttle his older brother for undoubtedly breaking her heart. Again.

Rounding the corner, he stopped at the sight of Syd sprawled out on the couch singing Dru Hill’s “In My Bed.”

“Oh, shit,” Morgan grumbled.

“Tell me about it,” Allina mumbled under her breath. She stood over Syd and nudged her. “Hey. Morgan’s here.”

Syd’s eyes widened. “Morgan? What is he…?” She pointed at him accusingly. “What are you doing here?”

“Syd,” he said softly, approaching her. “What are you doing?”

“Singing,” she said simply. “And drinking.”

He bent down to Syd’s level. Pushing a few stray curls out of her face, he took a good look at her, noting that her hazel eyes were bloodshot and her mocha skin had a pink flush to it. Sure signs that she was drunk. “Are you going to tell me what happened?”

“I don’t know.” Syd shrugged. “Can I trust you?”

He chuckled, amused by the question. “You know you can.”

“I don’t know.” She traced his cheek with her fingers. “You’re his brother. Did you know you had dimples just like him?”

He squeezed her hand and gently removed it from his face. “You can trust me.”

“But you don’t look like him,” she said, her voice low and hoarse. “You have nice facial hair. And you’re much taller and thinner. Between me and you,” she whispered. “I think Den is going to get fat in a couple of years. He eats too much pizza.”

“Tell me what happened,” he said, trying to get her back on track.

“He cheated on me with that whore, Laney. Again,” she slurred, picking at the mound of curls on the top of her head, pulled into what she often referred to as a bitchy bun. “He fucked me over. I mean, the first time I was away. I gave him that one because I lived in another state at the time. And even though she ended up pregnant…I still forgave his ass.” She sobbed and dropped her empty paper cup on the floor.

Morgan remembered the drama surrounding Den’s first affair with Laney. The woman had gotten pregnant and couldn’t wait to tell the world. Den had refused to ’fess up even though they all told him to tell Syd before she found out from someone else, namely Laney. Eventually, Syd found out the truth when Laney followed her through the mall, taunting her with the sordid details of their ongoing relationship. Shortly after, though, Laney suffered a miscarriage.

Syd squeezed his arm, jarring him from his thoughts. “I forgave him again a week ago when he confessed that he’d slept with some random woman he met in a bar,” she cried, her tears falling unchecked down her cheeks. “He said it happened months ago, before he proposed, when we were having that rough patch. But it was really last week. And then I find out it’s her. He played me. And I let him. Again. She called me, ya know,” she babbled on. “She wanted me to know that he fucked her in my bed. He couldn’t even take her somewhere else.”

“Son of…” Allina groaned. “You didn’t tell me that earlier.”

“I didn’t want to say it out loud,” Syd admitted quietly. “Allina already thinks I’m stupid for taking him back in the first place. You probably pity me, too.”

“I don’t, Syd,” Allina said, her voice cracking. She dropped to her knees next to Morgan. “I’m here for you.”

“You do,” Syd told Allina. “You probably think I’m going to take him back again.”

Morgan looked at Allina, who stared down at the floor. He guessed she really did believe Syd would take his cheating brother back. Probably because she always did. Sometimes it would take a few days, a few months, but she always took him back. He’d spent a lot of time trying to figure out why. In the end, he figured her reasons for making excuses for Den’s behavior matched his own. He’d spent most of his life doing the same thing, years of ignoring the bad and concentrating on the good. In spite of all Den’s flaws, they’d seen the man that protected those he loved with everything he had; the man that could make anyone laugh no matter the circumstance; the smart, talented businessman…a man worth saving.

Glancing back at Syd, anger coursed through him. The Den he wanted to save seemed lost to him. It had been a long time since he felt the need to make excuses for his brother, and that was partly because of Syd. Mostly it was because Morgan resented Den. He’d given up a lot for his brother, but ultimately had made the decision to pull away because he was tired of being pulled into Den’s hell. This latest debacle was simply Den being Den—selfish, careless, and impulsive. And he hoped Syd was finished with him for good this time.

“Come on, babe,” he said, picking Syd up and cradling her in his arms.

“Are you going to take her home?” Allina asked, her eyes filled with unshed tears. “I mean, are you taking her home with you?”

He nodded as he made his way through the store with Allina right on his heels. “I’ll keep trying to reach Red,” he told Allina. “In the meantime, I’ll make sure she’s taken care of. Thanks for calling me.”

“Morgan? Her purse,” Allina called. She hooked Syd’s tote on his arm. “I was going to say tell Den to go screw himself, but just take care of my friend. I parked her car in the garage. It’ll be good there overnight.”

He nodded. “For what it’s worth, I want to kick his ass, too.”





Don’t miss the rest of Elle Wright’s Edge of Scandal series!


Now Available





In Love with the Wrong Man


Sydney Williams has forgiven her fiancé, Den, more times than she can count. But his latest betrayal just days before their wedding is too big to ignore. Shocking her friends and family, she calls off the engagement. She walks out on Den…and into the arms of his brother, Morgan.

Known as a player, Morgan Smith has secretly spent years fighting his feelings for Sydney. When Den’s latest dirty deed leaves Sydney devastated, Morgan can’t stop himself from coming to her rescue. What begins as friendship quickly escalates into all-consuming passion. Despite their intense connection, Sydney would rather deny her desire than come between brothers. But as Morgan is determined to make Sydney his, Den won’t give her up without a fight…





The Price of Pleasure


In relationships, Calisa Harper has clear rules: no expectations, no commitments, no one gets hurt. She doesn’t need a diamond ring to bring her happiness. She just needs Jared. Fine, fit, and ferocious in bed, Jared is Calisa’s ideal combination of friend and lover. But the no-strings status they’ve shared for years is about to get very tangled.

Jared Williams is the kind of man most women long for: sexy, successful, and ready to settle down. He knows convincing the commitment-phobic Calisa that forever is nothing to fear won’t be easy—especially when his ex turns up with a daughter she never told him about. In a heartbeat, Jared and Calisa’s passion goes from fiery to fragile. He wants to hold on to the love they share but is terrified that their next night together could be their last…





When Mr. Right Is Oh So Wrong


I’ll never let you go…Allina had always dreamed of hearing those words. But when her fiancé, Isaac, utters them, it isn’t a promise—it’s a threat. Scared and confused, with only moments before the wedding, Allina knows what she must do. Forget walking down the aisle; it’s time to run. Back to Michigan. Back to Kent.

Kent has loved Allina for longer than he can remember. Out of respect for their friendship, he’s never crossed the line, but when she turns up on his doorstep wearing her torn, tearstained wedding gown, the fire inside him ignites. He’ll do whatever it takes to make Allina feel safe—like the beautiful, desirable woman she is. But as Kent and Allina grow closer and their passion pushes deeper, it’s clear that something bigger than a botched wedding still lingers between them…





Also by Elle Wright




The Forbidden Man

His All Night

Her Kind of Man





Thank you for buying this ebook, published by Hachette Digital.


To receive special offers, bonus content, and news about our latest ebooks and apps, sign up for our newsletters.


Sign Up

Or visit us at hachettebookgroup.com/newsletters





